I know how Alice in Wonderland felt when she tumbled down the rabbit hole.

One moment your life is normal. You're getting up, eating breakfast, having a shower, riding the bus to work. Surrounded by people who are moving through the motions of their day. There is a rhythm and flow to your days and nights and sometimes it's boring but mostly it's comfortable.

Then something changes. A new person enters your life and flips it upside down. Black is white. Day is night. Up is down. Your billionaire boss is a dom and he wants you.

And you want him.

But I didn't fall down a rabbit hole. I walked down a lush corridor in a mansion and followed my boss, Mr. Stone, through a black door.

On the other side was his secret dungeon filled with sex toys and a whole lot more.

I looked up at Mr. Stone and he nodded assent for me to wander around. I went left to a glass-fronted cabinet filled with vibrators and tried to focus on them to calm myself. Blue slender vibrator. A short wide black vibrator with rubbery nubs all over it. A thick purple vibrator with soft rabbit ear attachment. A small red bullet vibrator that looked very familiar.

I looked back at Mr. Stone. He'd walked back to lean in the doorway. He was wearing his black pants and had his shirt unbuttoned showing the body of a swimmer who did a hella lot of sit-ups. He raised an eyebrow at me and I couldn't help myself grinning like an idiot.

I turned away from the hotness in front of me and moved to the next cabinet. It was filled with plugs of varying shapes, colors and sizes. I'd never tried anything like that before and frankly, the idea made me nervous. Would it hurt? Would the pain come with pleasure? The idea of using one of them had crossed my mind before but I'd always been too scared to do anything about it. Would Mr. Stone use one of these on me? The idea made me shiver in excitement and I quickly moved on. Next to cabinet was a pile of thick soft white ropes. I picked one up and ran it through my hands, delighting in the texture.

"What will you do with these, Sir?" I asked, wrapping them around my hands and facing Mr. Stone.

I saw him swallow and glance down my body. We'd only just had sex but it looked like he was ready to grab me again.

"I will tie you up. Or tie you down. And then ...". He left the sentence hanging but his face told me what he wanted. I turned away from him and dropped the rope.

I moved to the centre of the room where there was a giant wooden barrel with spokes all over it. The main body of it was padded but for the life of me I couldn't work out what this was for.

I ran my hands over the wood, feeling the amazing texture under my palms. It was wide enough to lay on it facedown, like a massage table.

"How do you use this?"

"You put your back on the padding and I tie your hands to the spokes at the top and your ankles at the bottom. The wheel moves so you are on your back, arched over it with your legs spread wide. You will be at my mercy."

I swallowed and took my hand off the wooden spoke I was clutching. As he spoke I imagined everything he'd do to me. To be tied up in front of this man, helpless...

He stepped away from the door and slowly walked towards me. I stared at him, unable to turn away, and saw the cruel look on his face. This wheel was for punishment first and then pleasure. Mr. Stone came closer and I felt like my feet were joined to the floor. In his eyes I saw no mercy - only a promise to take me to my limits. To punish me and fuck me in equal measure.

He closed the distance and raised his hand to my face. He stroked his finger down my cheek and to my neck. I felt him clasp my neck as I stood transfixed in front of him.

"Do you want to be helpless, Delilah? Do you want to be open and vulnerable, forced to orgasm again and again. Do you want to be denied my cock until you are begging for it?"

He was so close I could feel the heat radiating from his body. Every sound was magnified. The slight rasp of his shirt sleeve. The feeling of his hand around my throat. The thudding of my heart.

"Yes, sir," I said, feeling my pussy grow wet and hot.

"It's time for bed then. We'll begin tomorrow."

He took my hand and led me out of the dungeon. My body was humming like a vibrator turned on low and when he kissed me chastely on the cheek at the door of the guest bedroom just the feeling of his lips nearly made me come right there.

He stalked off down the corridor and I closed the door, telling myself that I needed to sleep and not chase him down the corridor and throw myself at him.

I slid into bed, feeling the soft sheets against my body and tried to process what had just happened. I'd heard a noise. It was Mr. Stone. I'd ... I'd seduced him by stripping off in front of him. He'd lost control and pushed me over the sofa. There was a dungeon. There was him.

It all mixed into a warm blur and I found myself smiling as I drifted off to sleep.

*

I awoke in the morning and for a few minutes lay in bed wrapped in a warm cocoon. The heavy curtains were open and the storm that had driven us to Mr. Stone's mansion had vanished, leaving a perfect blue sky in its place.

I stretched and sighed, happiness bubbling up from within me. It had been a night of broken sleep but I felt refreshed. Rejuvenated.

A killer orgasm will do that to a girl I thought and then smiled at the memory. Mr. Stone sitting by the fire, his face lit only by the embers' glow.

And me, suddenly brave enough to seduce him by pressing a dot of charcoal on my robe. What had come over me? The memory of the night was vivid but it felt like some other side of me had taken over. A Delilah who took risks. A Delilah who wanted to change herself. A Delilah who would submit.

I slid out of bed and saw that my robe from last night was folded neatly on the polished trunk at the foot of the bed. There was also an pale gold envelope with Delilah written on the front.

I picked up the envelope and caught the faint scent of Mr. Stone. His aftershave plus that indefinable masculine scent. I raised the envelope to my lips and breathed in. For a moment I saw last night again, the images and feelings flooding through me so strongly I had to grip the bedpost to stop myself falling over. I shook myself and opened the envelope.

Shower, then breakfast downstairs in the kitchen. Commands to follow.

It wasn't signed but I recognized Mr. Stone's handwriting. I could almost imagine him instructing me, watching me with his cool blue-green eyes.

I kissed the note and then dropped it on the bed before heading in to the shower. Mr. Stone had given me commands and I intended to follow them.

*

I dried myself with a thick towel that was both rough and soft at the same time. I was feeling a little overwhelmed and if I thought the shower would cool me down I was wrong.

I didn't even know Gucci made soap!

In the shower there were oils and soaps and bottles and once more I had that feeling that just the shampoo would be half my rent. How could I fit in here, surrounded by such ridiculous wealth?

My soap at home didn't even have a brand, let alone an entire fashion line. I caught sight of my worried face in the mirror and tried smiling at myself as I brushed by teeth. He's just a man, I told myself and then mentally added who is a billionaire dom who wants you and runs the company that ruined your home town.

I finished up, spitting what was probably thirty bucks of toothpaste into the marble sink and then stood there looking at myself. Should I just make some excuse and leave? My hand strayed behind me. My ass was still slightly tender from the spanking Mr. Stone had given me last night.

I could leave I told myself. Walk down the driveway. Find a bus. Take that bus to another bus. End up in my tiny apartment. Spend the night alone...

"Don't forget why you're here," I said to myself and went to find some clothes.

*

I padded down the hallway wearing a thick white robe and nothing else. I couldn't find my clothes from last night and the drawers were empty. This one was long and thick and covered a lot more than the silk robe I'd worn last night. I'd considered wearing it but found it had been laundered overnight or replaced with an identical clean copy. Besides, there were plenty of ways to get a man hot and bothered without a sheer silk robe.

I found myself stopping every few feet down the corridor to take in the paintings. Each was exquisite and I felt like I was in my own private art gallery. Just before the stairs there was a large painting showing a group of mermaids pulling a sailor down into the water. On his face was a mixture of pain and ecstasy. I could see Mr. Stone's touch in every painting and found myself smiling at his good taste. Rich, handsome and ... really amazing at picking art. Not the first thing you thought when you saw him.

I stopped at the top of the staircase and found myself mesmerized at the sheer size of the mansion. I'd been half-asleep last night when Mr. Stone had carried me in and so I'd only gotten hints of what it was like. Between the marble floor, lush carpets, artworks tucked in nooks and giant chandelier I didn't know what to look at first.

I walked down the stairs feeling like I was suddenly in some giant museum and only wearing a robe.

At the foot of the stairs I looked around, trying to guess which direction the kitchen was in. Where was Mr. Stone? I heard a faint thudding from the left and then the sound of a kitchen knife.

Bingo.

*

To my disappointment Mr. Stone wasn't in the kitchen. Standing behind a simply enormous granite bench was an older blonde woman who looked like a Swedish milkmaid, including a thick plait of hair down her back.

I stopped in the doorway but she waved me in to sit on a stool by the counter.

"Breakfast, Miss?" she asked.

"Um ... yes. Thank you. That would be lovely."

She poured a small glass of orange juice and then set it in front of me. Mr. Stone had staff who looked after his home. Who made his meals. I knew staff chefs existed but had never met one before. Was I meant to tip her? Was I allowed to talk with her?

She must have seen the look on my face because she wiped her hands on a towel and came around the bench to hold out her hand. I took it and she smiled a million-watts at me.

"I am Nadine. You are Delilah and I am very pleased to meet you. I will make you breakfast."

She shook my hand and then went back around to continue chopping parsley. I felt myself relax and we started chatting.

Nadine was actually Swedish and had worked for Mr. Stone for three years as his personal chef. I asked her what his favorite food was but she only gave me a smile and changed the subject. On the topic of Mr. Stone she gave nothing away and soon we were talking about her children who were teenagers and went to a local school. In between all our chatting she whipped up an incredibly thin savory crepe and some of the fluffiest yellow scrambled eggs I'd ever had. She finished the breakfast with a pancake made from a single dollop. It was about as round as a coffee-cup and I swear my eyes nearly rolled back in my head when I tasted it.

"That was incredible," I told her, wiping my lips on a serviette.

"Thank you very much," she said and gave a small bow. "Mr. Stone has not had such a lovely young girl here in so very long. You are good for him."

With that stunning pronouncement she wiped her hands on her apron and disappeared out the pantry door behind her, leaving me sitting there with my mouth hanging open and serviette dangling from my hand.

"Excuse me Miss," said a voice from the doorway. It was a no-fooling-actual-English butler. He was an older man and impeccably dressed in a black suit.

"Oh, hello," I said, coming to my senses.

"We have laid out clothes for you up in your bedroom. Mr. Stone has left you another note also. Is there anything else we can do for you?"

"No, thank you ... um ... Mr..."

"Mr. Henry." He gave a perfect bow and then indicated I was to follow him. I turned to thank Nadine again but she was still in the panty so I followed Mr. Henry up the stairs and back to my room. He bowed again at the door and walked - butlered? - away.

I found a silky blue dress sitting folded on the bed. On the floor were a pair of ridiculously expensive-looking flats. There was another pale gold envelope with a note inside.

Open the box sitting under the window. Get dressed and then meet me at the entrance to the maze at 10am.

What box? And a maze? I went over to the window and found a dark-red box sitting on the window-seat. I opened it and felt a nervous shiver run through me. Inside was a pair of underwear unlike any I'd ever seen. In the back was a white plug and in the front a blue egg connected by a thin plastic strand to the padded front.

I lifted it up and found lingerie underneath. Black stockings. A garter belt. A red lacy bra.

What did Mr. Stone have planned?

I pushed open the curtains to look outside and saw three things that took my breath away:

The first was the bottle of lube sitting on the windowsill.

The second was the enormous spiraling hedge maze in the rear garden.

The third was Mr. Stone standing at the entrance of the maze, looking up at me.

He tapped his watch and then stepped into the maze. I turned and looked at the clock. I had fifteen minutes.

I looked down at the underwear in my hands and felt myself shiver again. I'd wondered just last night what it would feel like to use a plug ... and now I was about to find out. I slipped out of the robe, feeling incredibly naughty as I stood naked in front of the window. I picked up the bottle of lube and squeezed a small drop on to my finger.

"Just relax," I told myself and then reached behind me to dab the droplet on me. It was cold but the moment I felt it, I knew I'd enjoy what was to come next. I was scared but this new turn of events had twisted my mind even further. I was becoming hornier with every passing minute. I dabbed lube all over the plug and then set the bottle back up on the window. Telling myself to breathe, I pulled the underwear up and positioned the tip of the plug. I couldn't do it standing up so I knelt down on the carpet and then turned over on to my back. I reached down and slowly pushed the plug inside me. At first it was cold, like a lubricant, and then I felt myself warming as it pushed inside. It wasn't large but I felt stretched out, filled, and I gasped when the final ridge of the plug slipped inside. I lay there for a moment, adjusting to the feeling before reaching down into the underwear to grasp the egg. I was already wet and so it was easy to slip it inside of me. It was much smaller than the plug but I could feel myself twitching at the pleasure produced by these two toys.

I pulled myself up off the floor and walked slowly to the bathroom, adjusting to the feeling of the toys inside me. I could feel them there, filling me, but it wasn't uncomfortable. I could walk around without any problem.

I washed the lubricant off my hands and dried them and just as I was about to give myself some more mirror advice the egg and the plug roared to life. I bent nearly double, managing to grab on to the marble sink. The buzzing filled me completely, shocking through my body, down my legs, up my back. I felt it all over me and then an instant later it was gone, leaving me gasping for breath in the bathroom.

"Hurry up, Delilah," Mr. Stone said and I jolted up, expecting to find him standing behind me. But the bedroom was empty. I looked around but I couldn't see any speakers. They were probably well-hidden. Did he have a camera in here too?

The egg and plug buzzed again and I almost toppled on the bed. It was a short burst and then I heard Mr. Stone's voice from somewhere above me.

"I said hurry."

I stood up and rushed to the window-box, my heart pounding. I grabbed the stockings and pulled them on. He was watching me somehow and if I didn't get outside quickly, I was sure the toys would vibrate my brain out.

*

I walked out the back door of the mansion, trying to keep my composure but it was hard with the toys inside me and threatening to buzz at any moment. Every step I took I could feel them and the idea that Mr. Stone had his finger on remote drove me wild.

When I stepped out, I saw Mr. Stone had come back out of the maze and was standing at the entrance again. I giggled when I saw him. He was dressed casually in dark pants, brown shoes and a pale blue polo shirt. He looked like he'd just stepped out of a Ralph Lauren ad.

I walked up to him, trying to keep my face as smooth and calm as his but I'm sure he saw the crazed look in my eye. He held out his palm and I stopped a step away from him. He leaned in and whispered in my ear.

"I want you, Delilah. But how much do you want me?"

He kissed me before I could answer and suddenly turned and walked into the maze. I took a step forward to follow him and the plug gently buzzed sending a wave of pleasure up my spine and stopping me in my spot. I stepped backwards and the vibrating stopped.

You beautiful bastard I thought. Did I want him enough to follow him into the maze?

Hell yes.

I took a deep breath and walked into the maze. Immediately the plug started vibrating, a gentle buzz that seemed to shoot up my spine.

I took the first left and felt the buzzing increase and with it my heat-rate. Then I took another turn and the buzzing faded away with each step.

Oh, I get it. Hotter and colder. I turned back the way I came and the vibrations increased. I stopped and listened but all I could hear was the sound of the waves pounding on the beach and nearby songbirds chirping.

I closed my eyes and tried to remember the maze from the bedroom but my mind wasn't helping me. All I could think about was ripping those pants off Mr. Stone, have him push me down on my knees and forcing his cock into my mouth while he twisted my hair.

I remembered something from high-school about mazes. Put your hand on the wall and follow it and you'll always find the exit. But did it work to find the middle? And I knew this wasn't the game.

I set off after Mr. Stone.

I took random turns, heading to where I thought the centre of the maze would be. Every time I felt the buzzing decrease I turned back and chose the other path. Soon I found myself panting as I walked through the maze. The plug was vibrating softly and the egg had started up too and I couldn't take it much longer.

I turned a corner and found myself in a dead end with a white marble statue. A delicate forest nymph was on her back, writhing in pleasure, a horny Satyr fucking her. I grinned and stepped closer to it and for a moment the buzzing ceased entirely. The cessation was nearly as strong as when it started and I found myself holding on to the Satyr, catching my breath.

Okay, rest points.

I caught my breath and headed off again. The buzzing started up again, soft and gentle but increasing every with every step. This time it was faster than before. The plug vibrated, making my legs shaky and my mind start to switch off. The egg would then start up and finally the front of the underwear itself would start vibrating, resting against my clit.

I found another dead end and another statue. This time of two nymphs locked in a passionate embrace, one of them with her fingers in the other's cleft. The horny satyr was watching, his enormous cock jutting out in front of him. As soon as I got close to it, the buzzing died and I stood there with my blood pounding in my ears.

As I progressed through the maze I almost came a few times. Mr. Stone hadn't told me not to but for some reason I wanted to prove I wanted him without ending up writhing on the ground. I encountered more statues along the way. The satyr whipping the nymph who was tied to a cross, her face contorted in pleasure and pain. The nymph sitting on the Satyr's face, leaning forward and sucking his cock. The nymph face down with her hands tied, the satyr fucking her from behind.

At every statue I felt myself getting wetter and wetter. I couldn't take this much longer. I had to be close to the center.

Finally I came across what had to be the last statue. The nymph standing quite demurely next to the satyr. He was wearing pants and smiling. It took a moment for me to realize she had her hand down his pants, holding his cock. I approached the statue and saw his hand behind her, his fingers inside her. Somehow this demure scene was even hotter than the rest. Like it was showing civil people who couldn't repress their sexual nature.

The buzzing died away as I approached and I almost collapsed in front of it. I knew what Mr. Stone's plan was: have me on the brink of orgasm by the time I found him. Make me get closer and closer even as the pleasure threatened to wipe me out. I had to do something to even the score.

The instant I thought of this, the solution came.

I stepped out of my flats and pulled my dress off, dropping it on the grass. Let's see how he deals with this.

I turned away from the satyr and nymph and walked down a long passage of green. At every step the plug and egg increased in intensity. I could see a red roof ahead, rising above the hedge and I knew I was going the right way. But I had to get their fast. Already I was moaning under my breath.

I stopped at the final corner and took a deep breath. I couldn't let him see what he had done to me. With waves of pleasure running up and down my body I strolled around the corner like I was just out for an afternoon walk.

In the centre of the maze was a large pagoda with a circular bed sitting beneath it. Standing in front of it was Jackson Stone, fully dressed, waiting for me.

As soon as I walked out I saw that hungry look come over his face. I was hoping for surprise but I'll take it.

"Where is your dress, Ms. Neri?"

I didn't answer but instead reached around behind me and unclipped the bra. I slipped it off and dropped it on the grass. The buzzing was nearly unbearable in its pleasure and it took all my effort not to drop to the grass in front of him in a moaning heap.

"Come here," he told me, his eyes flashing dangerously.

I knew I was pushing him but I didn't care.

I stopped and slid first one stocking off and then the other. As I bent over I kept my eyes on him and had to bite the inside of my cheek when the sensations from the toys threatened to overwhelm me.

I stood up.

I threw the stockings at him.

He caught them and then in an instant he was in front of me, his hand around my throat and his lips against my ear. I felt his body against mine and his cock pressing against me.

"Disobedient girls will be punished," he said to me, his breath hot against me.

"Yes ... Sir," I said, drawing out the gap. I felt him tense next to me and then suddenly the egg and plug turned up to maximum and I collapsed into his arms as my orgasm roared through me. I was helpless against him, babbling and wailing as every nerve convulsed.

An eternity later or maybe no time at all I was limp as a ragdoll in Mr. Stone's arms as he carried me to the bed underneath the pagoda. I realized I was completely naked - the underwear with the plug and egg gone. He'd slipped them out of me.

He lowered me on to the bed and I felt my legs spreading for him. Now the toys were gone I wanted his cock to fill me up. I needed it. I reached for him but he moved away, pressing my legs together.

"There are rules if you are to be my little slave," he said, standing by the bed looking down at me.

"Yes, sir," I said. I thought I was wet already but when he said slave...

"You are my slave and I am your master. You will address me as Sir or you will be punished."

I nodded and then quickly added "Yes, sir," when I saw his eyes narrow.

"I own you, Delilah."

I felt myself starting to shake I wanted him so much. I wanted to be possessed by him, controlled by him, owned by him... but I was afraid too.

"As your owner, I will keep you safe. You will never have reason to doubt me. I will earn your trust."

I looked into his eyes and saw that he was making me a promise. He would punish me. He would dominate me. He would bring me pain even as he brought me pleasure. I was safe with him. I felt I was on the brink of some new life. The Delilah who'd come out last night wanted to be fully alive. To revel in her submission as she broke all her rules.

"You will tell me a safe word. If you ever use it, we will stop our game immediately. Understand?"

"Why do I need a safe word, Sir?"

I knew the answer but I wanted to hear him say it. He looked me over with that hungry look again and I saw him frown for a moment.

"Sometimes I want to go ... further," he said and I suddenly understood he was holding himself back at this very moment. I was in front of him, nude with my legs together and all he wanted was to grab me but he was waiting.

I don't know why I did it. Maybe the orgasm after the maze set fire to my brain. Maybe seeing I had some small power over him.

"My safe word is Molotov," I said, deliberately leaving off the sir.

He was on the bed and had me over his knee in an instant. His hand cracked against my ass and I squealed with pain. He hit me again and again, each blow harder than the last.

"Sir, sir, sir, sir, sir," I babbled.

He lifted me off him as though I weighed nothing and pulled me over to the side of the bed. Before I knew it I was on my knees in front of him. I could see his cock through his pants, pressing against the material. I reached for it and he twisted my hair. A jolt of pain went through me and I gasped.

"Wait," he commanded.

He used his other hand to pull his pants down, letting his cock spring out. I waited, although I was dying to have it in my mouth. To lick, to nibble, to bite.

He pulled my hair and I gasped again and then he pushed his cock in my mouth, filling me.

"Lick the tip," he said.

He pulled back so just the glans was in my mouth. I ran my tongue around it, swirling. I let out an involuntary moan as I tasted his pre-cum. I breathed in the scent of soap and male. My ass was stinging in pain but it was far away now. His cock was my world and I would do anything he asked. Anything he wanted.

He pulled my head back and forth and gave me commands. Suck the tip. Take it all in your mouth. Close your eyes. I followed his commands, hearing his breath quicken as he used my mouth like the slave I was. He tugged on my hair and I stood up, letting out a disappointed sigh as he pulled his cock away.

"You must learn to wait, slave," he said and turned me around. I started to bend over, expecting he'd fuck me from behind but instead I suddenly felt two leather restraints fasten around my ankles. Before I could protest he pushed me down on my stomach and fastened two more on my wrists. The restraints were connected by chains that went up to the roof. I hadn't seen them before because they blended so well with the color inside.

"Get up," Mr. Stone commanded and I heard him pulling on chains behind me. I stood up as my arms were pulled upwards and my ankles spread apart. He stepped in front of me and gently pushed me backwards. I felt leather behind me and realized it was a swing like I'd seen in his dungeon. I relaxed into it even as he stepped back and wound the chains again, pulling my legs apart and lifting my arms.

I was completely naked before him. Spread open and chained. I was helpless.

Mr. Stone had stripped off the last of his clothes before he'd chained me and I gazed over his body with as much intensity as he looked at mine. His cock was thick and hard, still wet from my mouth and I moaned at the thought of it being inside me.

He stepped up on to the bed and came closer until the tip of his cock came to rest against my pussy. I tried to push myself towards him but I couldn't. I was chained and couldn't move.

"Are you always so disobedient?" he asked and reached forward to twist a nipple. The pain was like a burst of fire that roared down my body, connecting straight to my clit.

"No, sir," I gasped and then he twisted even harder. The pain was incandescent and I wailed.

"Are you always so disobedient?" he asked again.

"Yes, sir, I am!" I moaned and then almost cried when he released my nipple. The blood came rushing back to it, the warmth making it throb. Each heartbeat was pain. Pleasure. Pain. Pleasure.

He moved away and I tried to turn to see where he went but I couldn't twist enough. I heard him murmur from behind me, "Be still, slave," and then a sharp crack as he hit something against the bed. I heard him move behind me and I sighed as his hand gently encircled my throat. I tried to bend my head to suck on his thumb but he moved it down.

Then I saw something long and black slide into view. It was a riding crop, pure black with a thin line of gold thread twisting down the handle. The piece of supple leather on the end brushed across my pussy and I tried not to make a sound.

"Disobedient girls will be punished," he whispered in my ear and then flicked the riding crop against my inner thigh. The sting was like fire and ice all at once and I whimpered.

"Will you obey me?" he asked, tracing the crop over the inside of my other thigh.

"I will, Sir," I said and he flicked the crop again, this time harder. I squealed at the pain and twisted in the harness. Every nerve ending was turned up to maximum. The leather against my back was soft and supple. I could hear the chains gently clinking as I moved. Every breath was jolting.

I felt his hand tighten around my throat, his fingers strong against me as he held me in place. He moved the crop down so the leather tip was sitting against my clit. I was on the verge of screaming. Every touch felt so intense.

"Don't lie to me slave. Tell the truth." He brushed the tip of the supple leather across my pussy and bursts of pleasure washed over me from my core, mixing with my fear. He leaned down and kissed me on the neck.

"Will you obey me?" he asked and lifted the crop off my pussy, ready to strike down.

"No, sir," I said and then held my breath.

"Good," he whispered in my ear and then he was gone again.

Relief washed over me as I relaxed into the leather swing. This man was playing my emotions like an instrument. Pain cut with pleasure. Demands of honesty and punishment for lying. I felt my barriers breaking down. I closed my eyes and felt a deep comfort flowing through me.

I felt Mr. Stone touch my foot and when I opened my eyes I saw him standing beside the bed holding a tea-cup. Steam was drifting in a lazy swirl above it. He was still naked, his cock sticking out in front of him but he was holding the cup like he was an English gentleman out for a walk around the grounds and a hot cup of tea.

"Green tea," he said and took a sip. "Would you like some?"

"Yes, sir," I said, unsure of this new game.

He took a mouthful of hot tea and then put the tea-cup down on the ground. Then he stepped up on to the bed and in between my legs. As he leaned forward, his cock pressed against my pussy. He put his lips on mine and he opened his mouth. His tongue was impossibly hot and as we kissed, I swallowed the tea.

We broke our kiss but he still held me close, his face touching mine.

"Do you want me to fuck you, little slave" he asked, his palm against the back of my neck.

"Yes, please Sir," I whispered. My whisper turned into a gasp as he pushed forward, impaling me on his cock. It felt so big, stretching me out, filling me completely. He pulled me towards him until he was fully inside me and had hold of the back of my neck with both hands. I was in his control completely.

He pulled out, slowly and then suddenly slammed back into me. I let out a shout as he went from slow and gentle to wild hard fucking in an instant. The swing moved back and forth, working with his rhythm. He reached down and twisted a nipple, the jolt of pain bringing tears to my eyes and then I was panting at the sensations flooding through me.

The crop marks on my inner thighs were like two hot coals. Every time he pulled me towards him our skin connected and a new wave of warmth burst out. My nipples were red and raised and he pinched each one in turn, sending a jolt down to my clit. My body hadn't forgotten the effect of the toys earlier and from deep within me I felt a tension building.

Soon I had no words - only a rhythmic cry as he pounded into me, each stroke of his cock whipping me up to a higher tempo. His hands were everywhere - on my throat, softly stroking my nipples, gripping my waist. I was his fuck toy and would be forever.

He owned me.

"Come," he commanded, one hand on my waist, the other at my throat.

His command was like a depth-charge going off from somewhere deep inside me. Even as I lost all control I knew I was obeying him. The deep warmth rose up from within me and then burst into a fire that whipped through me. My pussy clenched around his cock and I felt him cum inside me, his breaths short and furious.

In the aftershocks of my orgasm he unshackled me and lifted me out of the harness. He lowered me to the bed and I sighed as I rested my head against the soft pillows. I heard the jangling of chains and when I glanced upwards I saw the swing was gone, the chains retracted back into the hiding places.

Mr. Stone came back to bed and moved up behind me. He spooned me, one arm wrapping under and around and the other encircling me. I sighed again and smiled when I felt his lips against the back of my neck. His mouth was hot again with green tea and his kisses sent warmth flowing down my back.

"Will you be with me?" he whispered in my ear.

"I will, Sir," I said and clasped his hand.

"Even when you have seen what I may do to you?"

I heard the concern in his voice. Would I reject him now that I understood the pain he would mix with pleasure? Would I submit?

"I will, Sir," I said and placed a kiss on the skin between his thumb and finger.

"One moment," he said and then squeezed me tightly before moving away. I lay there, floating in warmth and more than willing to give him all the moments he needed. Maybe this could work. I could tell him the real reason I joined Stone-Black and he would tell me it was some evil executive long ago and he'd make it all better. That I was his slave and he would care for me.

I felt his body against mine and then he pressed something into my hand. I opened my eyes and saw a thin, black leather collar. I almost stopped breathing in pure shock.

"It is your collar Ms. Neri. If you are mine, you will wear it."

I had to move, I couldn't think with his lips against the back of my neck, with his arms wrapped around me. I kissed his hand and then sat up, holding the collar in my hand.

Had I really accepted what it meant to be a slave? To be owned by this man? Bedroom games like pulling hair and pushing hands down were just that - games. But Mr. Stone didn't play games. He was dominant and he wanted me to be submissive. He wanted me to wear his collar. He wanted me to be his slave.

I looked at him and saw he was watching me with his piercing blue-green eyes. He was waiting for my answer. I ran my finger over the leather, daring myself to wear it, telling myself to run away.

If I put this on, who would I become?

