Chapter 1

"I'm sorry, but I just locked the house up." I said to the handsome man who'd just come strolling up my mother's front walk. Selling the house had been an absolute nightmare. Not just because the building brought so many memories to the surface, but also because it wasn't in the best of shape. It was a great house in a wonderful neighborhood. If only I could get just one person to see past all the ugly linoleum, godawful paneling, and circa 70's shag carpet.

Twisting to look over my shoulder, I shot the man-who happened to be well dressed and gorgeous-a quick smile. "But if you give me a minute, I'll make a quick phone call and then let you in."

"I'd appreciate that. Thanks." His voice was a low, rich rumble. For some reason, it resonated through my body, and the feeling of familiarity sparked inside me. Did I know this man?

Once I had the lock engaged, I click-clacked out to my car, my pinched toes probably blistered, and flounced into the driver's seat. I dug my phone out of my purse, and studied the strange man who didn't seem to be a stranger as I called my best friend Jill to let her know I'd be a little late meeting her for lunch.

Was the man another real estate agent, looking to list the house? Could be. His clothes were impeccable.

A brief conversation-primarily ample apologies-and I had an extra forty-five minutes to not only figure out where I'd met the man before but also how to convince him to buy the house instead of sell it for me. I was getting seriously strapped, paying the utilities and property taxes on the place, in addition to my condo. Because of this silly need to cling to my childhood, I'd put off selling the place as long as I could. It was time to make something happen and move on.

Determined I'd found the buyer for my mom's place, I pasted on my best smile, fluffed my hair and headed back up to the front porch. As I unlocked the door, I said, "This house is a wonderful investment. It's in a great location, on a dead end street. The neighborhood is excellent, a great place to raise a family."

"Hmmm." The man walked inside. He moved with a rare fluidity for a male. I watched him as he wandered through the rooms on the first floor. Living room. Dining room. Kitchen (that was in dire need of a full gut job). The longer I studied him, the more I felt I knew him. Trying to concentrate on the house, I pointed out the beautiful, original hardwood floors, the baseboards and window and door trims, the lovely hand carved handrail.

His wandering took us upstairs. He stopped outside of my mom's bedroom and stared. It was then that I knew who he was.

"Uncle" Shane.

He wasn't legally my uncle, no. That was just what I'd called him. I hadn't seen him in...ten years, maybe. Since I was about twelve. Uncle Shane had been the subject of my first crush. Of course, he hadn't known that at the time.

"I can't believe she's gone," he said.

"Uncle Shane?"

He scrutinized me closely, his intense gaze making me uneasy. "Of course. I don't know why I didn't see it before. Bristol?"

"Yes, that's me." I extended a hand. "It's been a long time. A very long time. Good to see you again."

His hand enveloped mine. He shook it, stopped, but didn't release it. His gaze was focused on my face. Sharp and intense. Assessing. "It's good to see you again, too. Your mother was a good friend. I'm sorry I lost touch with her...and with you. I haven't been in town for many years."

"I'm sure she understood."

"Yes, I'm sure I did. That was how Katherine was. Always understanding. Generous. Giving."

I couldn't help saying, "Too generous sometimes. She nearly went bankrupt. And this house...it's mortgaged for more than it's worth. And you can see how well she kept it up. Mom always told me it didn't matter, that the house was falling down around her. All that mattered was how many people she touched in her life."

His smile nearly took my breath away. For a man I guessed was within a handful of years of my mother's age, he was strikingly handsome and fit. Ten years had done nothing to change that. His hair was very dark, almost black. Not curly. But not straight either. His features, as they had been then, were well balanced and masculine. Not pretty, but not too rugged either. And his body, from what I could tell, was also still in great shape. Shoulders broad. Waist narrow. His black jacket fit him perfectly, as if it had been sewn just for him. Same with the pants. The white shirt was a stark contrast against the jacket and the honey brown color of his skin. The only thing a decade had done was add a sprinkling of silver hairs glinting at his temples, just enough to make him look sexy and distinguished.

"Katherine Deatrich was a one-of-a-kind woman." He turned, facing me. "Why are you selling the house?"

"I can't afford the mortgage payments or the upkeep, and it's too big. I live alone...unless you count my cat."

"I see." He reached up, caught a curl that had flopped over my face and tucked it behind my ear. For some reason, the intimate touch sent me careening back into that old place, back into the childhood crush. Our gazes tangled, and my heart did a little hop in my chest. "I can't get over how much you've changed."

"Kids do that," I said, holding my breath.

"They do. How old are you?"

"Twenty-one."

He shook his head. "Damn. Where's the time gone?"

Still feeling a little wobbly, I shrugged. "I couldn't say." I motioned to the bedroom. "Erm, the master bath is a nice size."

"Oh, yes. The house." He glanced around, almost as if he'd forgotten where he was. "I'll take it. What are you asking?"

My insides did a flip flop. Could it be I'd just sold the house? Or was he just playing with me? "Three forty-nine, nine. That's the balance of the mortgage. I'm not making a penny from the sale."

"No agent?"

"No, I didn't want to have to pay another five to ten percent out of pocket. The closing costs alone are going to kill me."

"I'll have my attorney draw up the papers and schedule the closing with the title company."

This couldn't have gone any better. It was honestly too good to be true, which made me a little nervous. Thankfully, my best friend was an attorney. She'd offered to handle the closing for me pro bono. "I already have someone."

"Fine." He reached in his inside jacket pocket, pulled out a card. "I'll be expecting a call then."

"Do you need time to secure financing?" I asked. My fingertips brushed his as I took the card from him.

"No, I'll be paying cash."

Cash. I couldn't imagine paying three hundred fifty thousand dollars cash for anything. "Wonderful! We'll be seeing each other soon, then."

"Soon." He took my hand again, and little buzzing electrical charges seemed to zap between us. I couldn't believe it. After all this time, ten years, there was still something there. I wondered if he felt it too. "Goodbye, Bristol. It was a nice surprise, running into you today."

*

Three weeks later, I slid a cashier's check into my purse.

Jill congratulated me with a sparkly-faced grin. "How are you feeling, now that the house is officially gone?"

"Relieved." An understatement.

"Excellent. Want to go celebrate?" she asked, smoothing a few stray away amber hued hairs that had slipped out of her slick bun. "I have a few loose ends to wrap up, but I can be ready to go in about an hour."

"Sure. Okay. I guess..." I said, following her from the building. "I could go run a few errands while I wait."

"Cool. See you soon." She tossed her briefcase into her sparkly new Subaru, and climbed in. I threw her a wave before unlocking the door to my trusty old Toyota. As I was pulling it open, a car pulled up behind mine and parked. Out of habit, I glanced at it.

The door opened and a man stepped out.

A man I recognized.

Oh God, please tell me he isn't having buyer's remorse already.

I smiled, though it probably wasn't one of my brightest.

"I was hoping I'd catch you," he said as he strolled toward me.

"Is there a problem?"

"No, no. Nothing like that." He leaned against my car's trunk, and immediately I regretted not having washed the car in weeks. Those impeccable black pants weren't going to look so impeccable in a minute. "I was wondering if you'd like to go to dinner?"

"When?"

"Tonight? Now?"

"Oh, I..." Have plans. But what the hell? "I think that'll be okay. But I need to make a call first."

"Sure. You can do that while we're driving." He reached around me, pushing my car door closed. My nerves buzzed at his nearness. Wow, was there some serious chemistry there.

I hit the button on my key fob, locking the doors and followed him to his car. Nice car. Black. Sleek. BMW. And it smelled really nice inside. Like leather and expensive cologne and man. He got the engine purring while I buckled in. And within moments, we were backing out of the parking spot.

"I hope you enjoy the house," I said as I fished in my purse for my phone. "It really is a wonderful old building. With some TLC, it could be spectacular."

"I have big plans for the place." He smiled as he steered the car through the parking lot. "I hope you'll come see it when the renovations are finished." At the driveway, he hit his turn signal, waiting for a break in traffic.

"I'd love to. I'm just glad the house has gone to someone who could see its full potential."

"That's one thing I've always been good at-seeing the full potential of things...and people." He turned his attention to me. "But in your case, I vastly underestimated you. I knew you'd grow up to be a beautiful woman. But I had no idea you'd be so stunning."

My cheeks warmed. "Thank you."

"You're welcome." Turning his focus back on the road, Shane hit the gas and we zoomed out onto the clogged street.

"You know-this is embarrassing, and I don't know why I'm telling you, but what the hell?-I had a crush on you when I was a kid."

His grin was charming and genuine. "Really?"

"Really."

"But I was an old man."

"Older but not old. And charming. And nice. And you talked to me like I was an adult."

We pulled up to a light, and he glanced at me. "You were always mature for your age."

"Being the only child of my mother, it would be impossible for me to be otherwise."

He chuckled. The light turned green, and once again, we were humming along, zigging and zagging through traffic. "I could see that. The truth was, I respected you."

"Respected?" A twelve year old? That surprised me.

"And now that we've reconnected, I respect you even more." He turned the car into a parking lot. Maggiano's. I'd eaten there before. "Is this okay?"

"Absolutely."

He parked and we headed inside. We shared a plate of spinach dip and drank wine and exchanged compliments. He told me about the wife he'd lost while he'd been living in Spain (Spain!), and the children he'd never had. The joys of his life and regrets. And I told him about losing Mom, finishing school, and the bumpy start to my career. The chemistry kept building and building with each minute we spent together. By the time our stomachs were full and our wine glasses empty, I was hoping I'd get a kiss, a real one with hands grasping and tongues twining.

Shane Trant was a hundred times more the man than my juvenile mind could have comprehended. He was intelligent, successful, charming. And he emanated a certain male power, charisma, confidence. I was mesmerized. And a little nervous, too.

At the end of the meal, he paid the bill then led me back to the car, placing a hand on the small of my back. That touch was so distracting I almost went the wrong way when we stepped outside. In fact, I started walking around the wrong side of the building, and he grabbed my shoulders to stop me and turned me back around, facing him.

My gaze jerked up, to his face.

He was looking down at me, eyes glimmering.

"The dinner was delicious, thank you," I said, staring at his mouth. Could it be any more perfect? Kiss me, please. Kiss me now.

He licked his lips. His head tipped. A muscle on his jaw clenched. "You are something else."

"Tell me more. I never tire of compliments."

His laughter seemed to vibrate through my whole body. One of his hands cupped my cheek. I flattened my hand on his and held my breath. The moment was magical, and I wanted it to last a lifetime. Erotic energy was arcing through the still night air, leaping from his big, hard body to mine, zinging along my nerves, igniting little blazes everywhere.

But then he said, "I think I'd better take you back to your car now."

You could kiss me first. "I'm in no hurry to go home."

"Hmmmm." The hand that was holding my cheek wandered south a little, fingers curling around my neck. It was a strange way to hold me, a strange place. But it excited me, thrilled me. "You don't know me. Maybe it's better you keep it that way."

"What do you mean? Of course I know you. I've known you for years."

"But not really."

I didn't understand. Was he hiding something? Was he not the man I thought? What I saw was a sexy man, a widower, an old friend, and a successful businessman who had turned his father's one-man operation into a multi-billion dollar corporation. I also saw a man who could make my blood simmer with just a look. "What do you mean by that? Are you dangerous?"

"You might say that." His hold on my neck tightened a tiny bit. It was just enough for me to notice, make me shiver a little, but not enough to make me really scared.

"Dangerous, how?"

"Just dangerous..." Moving fast, he grabbed both my arms and jerked them around my back. My heart jumped. I gasped. "Like this," he said, tipping his head lower, whispering. "Dangerous, like needing things you might not be ready for."

"What kind of things?"

He gathered my wrists into one fist and walked me backward until my body was smashed between him and the side of the restaurant. It felt so good, being trapped like this, powerless and waiting breathlessly for his next move. I didn't have to wait long. His mouth slammed against mine. His lips smoothed over mine, and his tongue shoved into my mouth. He tasted so good, like man and wine. He felt so good, hard and hot. He smelled so good too, of need and woodsy cologne.

I surrendered willingly. His kiss was a possession. Hard and demanding and feral. Intoxicating. Wild rushes of erotic need slammed through me with every flick of his tongue, and I moaned into our joined mouths. I ached. I wanted more. I needed more.

When he broke the kiss, I whimpered. He didn't back away. His body was crushed against mine, and I was so glad about that. My pelvis rolled forward and back in time to the pounding heat throbbing in my center.

"Dammit." He jerked back, stared at me.

"What's wrong?"

"You're Katherine's daughter."

"So what? I'm an adult."

"But-"

"But, what?" I didn't understand what his problem was. Clearly, he was feeling guilty because he was Mom's old friend. But that wasn't a problem for me. "Like I said, I'm an adult."

"Yes, so I can see." As if to illustrate, his gaze shifted south, landing at roughly boob level.

"So, treat me like one."

His eyes narrowed for a brief moment. Then he took my hand in his. "Okay." He hurried me back to his car, circled around the rear to open my door. Once I was in my seat, he went around to the driver's side, folded his large frame into his seat and within seconds we were roaring down the road. "But I have an idea you'll change your mind about this."

Chapter 2

What the hell is this?

I was stunned.

I was speechless.

I was in complete shock.

I had been wrong, when I'd thought I knew Shane Trant. How wrong I had been.

We were at his house, which was completely gorgeous. It was one of those high priced condos in town. He had the top two floors of an industrial building turned luxury condominiums. Huge and gorgeous, furnished with stuff that looked expensive and probably cost a crap ton of money. Recently, I'd started watching home design shows on TV. I'd developed something of an eye for quality. Shane's house was like a showroom, full of priceless antiques, mixed with sleek, high-priced contemporary furniture. An interesting combination.

Something like the man, himself, now that I thought about it.

That had come as no surprise. I'd expected he would have a nice home.

The problem was one particular room. This one.

It was, for lack of better words, a torture chamber. Dotting the landscape were pieces of creepy looking furniture with big metal rings and heavy chains bolted to it. And in one corner stood a human-sized metal cage. And there were rings bolted to the floor and ceiling. What were those for? I shuddered as I imagined a woman chained up, begging to be freed.

His bulky body was leaning against the doorframe, blocking my exit. "So, now you see why I told you I couldn't...I wouldn't take things to the next level?" he asked. "You're a beautiful, intelligent woman. And I want you. But I'm not the man for you. Because this is what you get."

"I didn't know." I was hugging myself, arms wrapped protectively around my torso.

"You know now." He motioned for me to leave the torture chamber.

I just couldn't believe it. This...awful place...belonged to Uncle Shane. Handsome, mysterious, sexy Shane Trant. My mother's oldest and dearest friend.

Wow. Just...wow.

Dammit. Why? You're such a sexy, intelligent, fascinating man. Why do you need this?

"Can I get you something to drink before I take you home?" as he stepped to the side to let me pass.

The shock, maybe the gaping, had given me a bad case of cotton mouth. "That would be nice, thanks." I followed him to the open living-slash-kitchen space. He went to the refrigerator, no doubt top of the line. My gaze wandered around, taking in the expensive furnishings, gorgeous chandelier hanging over the dining table, artwork. By the time it had made its way back to Shane, he was looking at me expectantly. He'd asked me a question.

"What was that?" I asked, my face warming. "I'm sorry."

"What can I get you to drink?"

Something with a lot of alcohol. "I'll take water. Thanks."

"I have some of this flavored water. How's that?" He pulled a white and pink bottle from the refrigerator. I recognized the label immediately.

"Perfect. My favorite."

"Mine too." He filled a tall glass with ice then poured some of the faint pink-colored water to the top.

I scurried over, accepted the glass with a smile and a thanks, and guzzled half of it in one long gulp.

"Thirsty?" he asked, his voice bouncing with laughter.

"A little." I drained my glass, and he reached for it.

"More?"

"No thanks." I suppressed a belch. Mistake, chugging that water. But I was nervous and uncomfortable. I couldn't stop myself.

At least it had been water. If it had been something stronger, I might have found myself chained to something in that torture chamber.

A little quiver shot through me.

He polished off his water and set the glass on the counter. "I guess we'll head out now."

"Okay." Somewhat relieved, somewhat not, I followed him to the door leading out to the elevator. He stepped aside, letting me exit first. As I was brushing close, I turned to face him. I couldn't stop myself. My heart jerked in my chest, and before I could stop it, the word, "Why?" slipped out of my mouth.

"Why, what? Why, that?" He jerked his head toward the dungeon.

"Yes, why?"

"It's difficult to explain. It's an expression of who I am, essentially."

"You're...what? Sadistic?"

"No. I don't get any pleasure from causing others pain. I have a need to control, to dominate. It's difficult for some people to understand the difference."

I thought about my mother, how she controlled me, my life, my every move. She was a wonderful woman, just like Shane had said. But she was also extremely controlling. "Actually, I can see it. I was raised by a woman who probably had the same drive."

"She did."

A chill swept up my spine.

I didn't want to ask how he knew that, or what he might be implying by that statement. I knew for a fact that there'd been no torture dungeon in our house. But I suppose she could have gone somewhere else to exercise those demons, out of my sight.

Another shiver swept through my body.

Standing close enough to touch, close enough to smell, he said, "I'm sorry if I said something you weren't ready to hear."

"It's okay." I forced a smile, hoping it would ease his guilt. For some reason I looked deeply into his eyes. I don't know what I saw there, shadows, sadness, loneliness, maybe. Regret, perhaps. Something dark. "I still think you're one of the most amazing men I've ever met."

"And I think you're one of the most amazing women." He set his hand on my shoulder, and another buzz of electricity zapped through my body. "That will never change."

I felt myself leaning toward him, as if some kind of force was drawing me in. And the electricity was getting stronger with every inch I moved closer. I wanted him to kiss me. Despite the torture chamber. Despite the voice in my head, screaming, he's not for you! Get out of here now!

"Bristol."

"What?" I was so close now. Near enough to feel the heat radiating off his big, lean body. His mouth was still too far away, though. Much too far. No, too close. Much too close.

I leaned in, drawn to him by that invisible current. Pulling me.

Something like a low growl rumbled from him. "If you don't leave now, you're going to learn firsthand what happens in that room."

I heard him. But part of me didn't care. The other part, the one that did, wasn't being very vocal at the moment. "I'm not afraid of you," I said. The minute the words came out, I regretted them. The way my heart was racing, that had to be a lie. I was afraid. Afraid of that room and what he might do to me in it.

But also afraid that he might shove me out the door and say goodbye and not speak to me for another ten years.

Stay? Go? What did I want?

He cupped my cheek, ran his thumb over my lower lip. "Sure, maybe you aren't afraid. But can you trust me?"

"I...don't know."

His head tipped, moved down, closing the distance between our mouths. "That's not good enough. But dammit, I want you."

At the sound of torment in his voice, I threw my arms around his neck and crushed my body against his.

He growled, hooked an arm around my waist and whirled around so I was flat against the wall and his body was holding me there.

Oh. My. God.

His mouth descended upon mine, his tongue shoved its way in, and within seconds, I was writhing against him while he kissed me into a coma.

I felt him scoop me up into his arms. He was carrying me, walking, while our tongues mated and battled. I was losing the war, ready to surrender to him, to the fierce heat boiling in my veins, to the blinding need he'd sparked in my body. He broke the kiss, stared down at me with eyes full of male hunger. "I'm sorry, Bristol. I can't let you go now. I can't."

We kissed again, and again, as he carried me into the dungeon. At some point he set me on my feet, but I was too shaky to stand, and I wasn't about to let him stop kissing me. I hung onto his neck, arms wrapped tightly, and lost myself in his aggressive, demanding, plundering kiss.

I'd been kissed plenty of times, but never like that.

Never like the man couldn't get enough.

Never like he was staking a claim.

Never like he was conquering me.

When the kiss ended-not my choice-I clung to him and fought to catch my breath.

"Wow," I murmured. My gaze started at his mouth but quickly moved to the closest piece of torture furniture. I felt myself backing up.

"You've never been in a dungeon, correct?" he asked, hands sliding down my sides.

"Never."

He blocked my exit with his hulking body, held me at the hips. "If I do something you don't like, say, Red."

"Red?" I echoed, trying to wiggle my way free. I wasn't ready for this. That kiss. It was the kiss's fault I was in here. I didn't belong here, no.

He cut me off completely, cornering me against another wall, his body a giant obstacle I couldn't push past. He caged my head between his hands, arms stretched out. His eyes were dark, hard. "You may beg me to stop, but I won't. You may plead with me and cry, but I won't stop. But if you say red, I will cease immediately."

"Red," I muttered.

His fingertip trailed down the side of my face, down my jaw, my throat to the center of my breastbone. I sucked in a deep breath and fought to regain my composure. But he was so big and so sexy and so intimidating, I couldn't speak. "I promise I won't be too hard on you this first time." He closed his hands around my waist, forcing me deeper into the room.

Ohmygod, what was happening? "On second thought-"

He kissed me again. His tongue shoved its way into my mouth. It was a hard kiss, a feral one. I was swept up in pulsing waves of sensual heat, barely realizing I was being half-carried, half-shoved as we traveled through his torture dungeon. My head was going blank. I tried to repeat the word red in my head. Would I remember it? What if things got too intense?

Red, red, red.

When the kiss had finally ended, I found myself standing next to the table in the center of the room. He reached under it, pulling out a step stool. The table wasn't very tall, maybe typical counter height. He patted the table top. "Let's get you up here."

Red, red, red.

Why couldn't I speak? Why couldn't I move?

He picked me up and plopped me down. My legs dangled over the edge.

Red, red, red.

He eased my knees apart and stepped closer, and I realized, when his h*ps wedged between my thighs that the table was the perfect height for him to have sex standing up. A flood of warmth pulsed to my core. He caught my wrists, pinning them behind my back and gathering them into one hand. Now there was a hard lump grinding against my crotch and I couldn't use my hands.

Mmmmm. I liked it.

I didn't want to like it.

I didn't want to be in this scary place.

I licked my lips, and his gaze locked on my mouth. "What do you want?" I whispered.

The corners of his lips curled. "You'll soon find out." With his free hand, he cupped my breast. The air whooshed out of my lungs, and my spine arched. That only pushed my boob into his hand harder. His lips parted slightly, and I stared at them, wishing I could taste them again.

"Kiss me," I whispered.

"In this room, I'm the one who gives the commands." He squeezed, and my head spun. "We need these clothes off." He released my hands. "Undress."

With clumsy fingers, I started to undo the buttons of my blouse. But I stopped after only two. What was I doing?

His brows furrowed.

I said, with my heart beating so hard it physically hurt,"I...think I should go home."

He fisted my wrists, pulled them out away from my body. "You don't want to leave. You know how I know that?"

I was dizzy. I was scared. And, ohmygod, my body was on fire. I shook my head.

"I can smell your need." He dipped down a little, inhaling deeply. "And does it smell good. You're wet."

My inner muscles clenched, and I felt the slickness of my damp panties. He was right. But that didn't mean I was ready for this. "I...I..." Holding both my wrists in one hand, he eased back slightly, which allowed him to wedge a hand between our bodies. His fingertip grazed the sodden crotch of my panties, and my face heated.

"Wet." He curled that finger, working it inside at the leg band. My sex heated even more. When that first touch came, I whimpered. He eased his hand out, lifted it to his mouth and slipped his index finger between his lips. "Sweet. Delicious. I must have more." Still holding my wrists behind my back, he unfastened my blouse buttons, and I watched his expression as more and more of my skin was exposed. The hard male hunger in his eyes grew and grew. By the time the garment had slid over my shoulders, I was squirming and my whole body was burning.

Hot and cold.

Tight. Very tight all over.

And breathless.

And scared.

And aroused. Incredibly aroused.

I was crazy. Had to be.

I want to leave. I should leave. Right now. Say the word. Say it!

Chapter 3Unaware of my inner conflict, Shane reached around my side and unzipped my skirt. With his bulk trapped between my legs, there was no way he'd get it off. Or my panties. That made me feel a little less panicked. He turned his attention to my br**sts.

"This has to go." He hooked a finger under the little bow sewn between the cups of my bra. Then, he glided a flattened hand up my stomach, over my ribcage, and around my back. With a snap, my bra was unhooked. As the straps flopped down over my shoulders, the cups fell away, and my br**sts bounced free. Embarrassed, I yanked on my hands. I wanted to catch the cups, hold them in place to cover myself. "Beautiful." That free hand was on the move again. This time, it weighed each breast. Then it kneaded the soft flesh. I watched, torn, confused, overwhelmed. My body craved this man's touch like none before. This was so new to me, this almost unbearable need. I was hot, shivering, tight all over. My panties were sodden. My head was spinning. My mouth was dry. "Good. Now let's get rid of the rest." Without releasing my wrists, he moved back enough to let me press my legs together. As he tugged my skirt over my hips, a thought would shot through my mind.

I need to leave. Right now.

As he pulled my panties down, I thought, This is wrong. Dangerous.

And as I was finally left sitting on that table completely nude, I thought, If you don't stop this now, you're going to get hurt.

But then he touched my face, looked at me with those dark, hungry eyes, and my heart started pounding harder, and my insides burned more, and I couldn't think about anything but having him inside me, filling me, stroking away the ache between my legs.

Before I realized it, he had me lying on my back, legs spread, wrists bound in leather cuffs and chained to the table so my hands were useless, tied over my head.

I was trapped, not completely powerless, but almost. I couldn't catch my breath. I wanted to be set free. And yet I didn't. It was all happening so fast.

My insides clenched as he fingered my slick folds, both in anticipation and fear. I'd seen internet p**n , pictures of girls with smudged makeup, their mouths stuffed with gags, their bodies bound and clamped and paddled. Those images scared me, disturbed me. Did I really want to know if those things hurt as badly as the pictures led me to believe? I had a feeling if I didn't put a stop to things now, I was going to find out soon.

Red, red, red.

That finger, the one teasing, tormenting me, delved deeper, finding my entry and piercing it roughly. I bucked, blood surging through my body.

"You are so damn tight." He added a second finger, and I cried out. My insides clenched around the invading digits, warmth gushing, easing his entry as they slid deeper, teasing the opening of my womb before gliding out. He pushed them in again, out, knuckles scraping against that place inside that made me quiver with need. I could feel the first tremors of an orgasm quake through my body, but I fought it, wanting this sweet torment to last much, much longer.

He groaned as I clenched my inner muscles again. "I have to have you."

I heard the ziiip of his zipper, the slough of fabric. The crinkle of a condom wrapper. My fingers curled into fists. My legs shook as I waited. I'd had so few partners. And it had been such a long time since I'd enjoyed a cl**ax that wasn't produced from a battery operated device. I wanted this, God help me, I did. Wanted it more than I should.

Within seconds, I felt him, pushing his way past my sodden tissues, entering me slowly, inch by glorious inch. I stretched to accommodate his girth. He was big, very thick. Almost too big for me. It burned, but it wasn't entirely bad.

He pushed my thighs wider apart, hands on the backs, pushing them out and up toward my shoulders so my spine was curled, h*ps lifted. The friction of his forward thrust nearly sent me over the brink. The added torture of his finger flicking lightly over my cl*t finished the job. A white hot blaze swept through my body, igniting every nerve, from the tip of my toes to the top of my head. I convulsed around him so hard it almost hurt. I cried out his name as he surged forward and back, thrusting hard into me, driving toward his own release.

My orgasm had barely faded when I felt his member swell as he cl**axed. My body still vibrating from the effects of the first one, I tumbled into another orgasm. I jerked and writhed and screamed as he pounded mercilessly into me, driving every drop of come from his body.

And then, he bent over me and laid his head on my chest. His semi-flaccid member remained buried deep inside me. Little twitches and tingles accompanied the warm afterglow of that mind-blowing experience. I'd never come like that.

"You are exquisite," he said a few minutes later. He straightened, but only after giving me a sweet kiss on the chin. He grasped the base of his cock, holding the used condom in place and pulled out. My first instinct was to clamp my legs closed and look away.

Yes, that had been the most intense sex of my life. But I was confused. I wanted to leave. Now.

I needed to think.

I just had kinky sex with Uncle Shane.

"You'll come back next weekend." After he put his clothes all in order, he released me.

"I'll...I have to check my schedule." I wasted no time reclaiming my clothing and getting myself zipped and buttoned back in. I had to get out of there. I was confused, hordes of emotions washing over me. Regret. Curiosity. Guilt. Anticipation.

"Will you stay a little longer?" he asked, moving toward me as I scurried for the door. He caught my wrist, stopping me. "You're in such a hurry all of a sudden. Are you okay?"

"I'm fine." I blinked at him, catching a worried look in his eyes. "I'm fine," I repeated. "Really. It's just a lot to absorb all at once."

He cupped my cheek with my free hand. "I understand. You call me when you're ready."

"Will do."

He let me go.

Out I went. I rode the elevator alone, climbed into his car and buckled myself in while he locked up and rode the elevator down to the parking lot. Safe in his car, I watched him as he ambled over to the vehicle. He was such a handsome man. And his body, that body was absolutely incredible. And to top it all off, he knew exactly how to touch me, to kiss me, to hold me. On so many levels, we seemed to click. With the exception of one.

"What plans do you have for next weekend?" he asked as he steered the zoomy car out into traffic.

"I'm not sure."

"I see."

I made an attempt at small talk as he drove me home. I really did. But I failed. Thus, much of the drive was in silence. I let him kiss me goodbye in the car. Thankfully, it was just a small peck. Friendly but not overly intimate. Then I locked myself into my condo and had a good, long cry.

*

Three weeks later, that night with Shane still haunted me. He'd called me a few days later and left a message. He'd told me to return his call if I had an interest in seeing him again. I hadn't called him back. Not because I didn't want to see him again. I did. But because I didn't want to want him so much.

Since that night all I'd dreamed about was him and his dungeon. I woke up every morning, body tight, blood simmering. Thoughts of him popped into my head all day long, at the oddest moments. I'd hear a man's voice, and my heart would start galloping in my chest like a runaway race horse. I'd catch the scent of a man's cologne, and my blood would start simmering. I'd spy a dark haired man in a crowd and my knees would turn soft.

Shane Trant had become an obsession. There was no way I could face him. Not yet. Not for a long time.

So I went about my life, doing the best I could to pretend everything was normal. I went to work. I went to the gym. I went grocery shopping and paid my bills and tried to tell myself I was happy.

By the time the fourth week had passed, I had almost convinced myself that I was going to put Shane and that night behind me. I was in Antonio's, grabbing some vegetable lasagna to take home for a late dinner. I heard his voice, and every nerve in my body ignited.

"Bristol," he said, behind me.

I slowly swiveled, doing what I could to mentally brace myself as I turned. Still, the sight of his handsome face made my heart jerk in my chest. "Hello, Shane."

His lips were curled into a ghost of a smile. "It's good to see you again."

"Yes. How are the renovations going?" I asked, feeling myself leaning back, away from him. A little quiver of need shot through me as my gaze focused on his mouth. That mouth had done wicked, decadent things to me. And I knew, if I was brave enough to ask, it could do a lot more wickeder things to me.

He stepped closer, allowing a customer standing behind him to get through the crowded space. Now he was standing close enough to touch. Close enough to smell his cologne, to feel his head. He extended an arm, placing a hand on the bar behind me. "I'm just getting things started, thanks. And how's life without two mortgages?"

I inhaled deeply. "Wonderful."

"Miss, there you are." The bartender handed me a plastic bag, and I thanked her before turning back to Shane.

Holding the bag, I shifted my weight. Wow, was he close. I needed to leave. I could feel my willpower failing. What would happen if I asked him if I could go home with him right now? Would he take me back to that dark dungeon of his? Would he make me forget why it was such a bad idea? "Well, I guess I'd better get going."

"Sure. Wouldn't want your...?" He lifted a brow.

"Vegetarian lasagna," I said.

"Vegetarian lasagna to get cold."

"No, I wouldn't." I took a step away, two. I'd almost made it to the door before turning back. When I did, I discovered he was watching me. My face burned. I opened my mouth, but no words came out. I didn't know what to say. How could I explain everything to him? How?

That ghost of a smile warmed slightly. Then he turned away from me to talk to the bartender.

I left, scurrying outside, click-clacked across the dark parking lot. Just as I was remoting open my car's door lock, I heard him again. He'd followed me outside.

I opened the door and dropped my dinner onto the driver's seat. By the time I'd done that, he was behind me. I could sense his nearness with every nerve in my body. I turned, opened my mouth again to say something.

He cupped my cheeks and smashed his mouth down over mine.

Instantly my body ignited, and all the wanting I'd been trying to suppress surged to the surface, overwhelming my system like a tidal wave. Before I knew it, he had me pinned between his hard body and my car and his tongue was plunging into my mouth, filling it with his decadent flavor.

I was outside, where a passerby might see me, but I didn't care. All that mattered was how it felt to have his hands on me again, his heat radiating over my skin. My insides were twisting and turning, muscles coiling into tight knots.

Hands cupped under my ass, he lifted me, and I locked my legs around his waist and arms around his neck, and held on. My skirt was up over my hips, but it didn't matter. He wasn't going to let me go again, not now, not ever. No. I was his. He was mine. We'd figure everything else out later.

His hands left my butt, and I heard the ziiip of a zipper. Ohmygod, was he going to...?

He had my back pinned against the slightly angled face of the driver's side window. We were standing between my car and a minivan. It was dark.

But still I knew, even with the haze of need enveloping me almost completely, that someone could catch us at any moment.

His fingers hooked the crotch of my panties. There was a sharp yank, and the sodden material gave way. Cool air caressed my heated flesh, making me shiver.

"You aren't going to hide from me again," he said as he plunged his thick c**k into me.

"No, sir," I promised, tipping my h*ps to meet his thrust. "Never again."

He slid deep. Full at last. Oh God, it felt so good, so right. Even here. Yes, here.

"I'll never hide again," I promised. I meant it too, every word.

"You should be punished." He withdrew, to the tip then rammed deep again.

"Yes." A surge of carnal heat rushed through me. I was going to come already. I could feel it, tingles of a powerful cl**ax buzzing and zapping through my body. "I'm sorry, sir. Punish me. Punish me hard."

He did. He took me without mercy, pounding into my tight tissues with all his might. I surrendered to his possession and let myself be carried away by a powerful orgasm, screaming his name as the first spasm wracked my body. I trembled and quaked, gasping for breath as his torment continued. He showed me no mercy, pushing me over the edge again, making me come a second time before finally reaching his own cl**ax. He slammed his mouth over mine as he jerked his c**k out of me. His low growl of satisfaction vibrated in my mouth, my head, my throat. Trembling all over, I clung to him and fought to catch my breath. I'd never done anything like this. I'd never even dreamed of doing anything like this.

Sex in public?

Ohmygod. I'd just had sex in public.

While I huffed and puffed, he tucked himself back in his pants and zipped up. Then, holding me tenderly, he eased me to my feet and smoothed my skirt down. His gaze locked on mine.

"I'm sorry," I said, tears gathering in my eyes. I dragged my thumbs under my lashes then crossed my arms over my chest. "I was scared."

"Bristol." Holding my hips, he pulled me into his arms. He kissed to top of my head and encased me in a warm embrace. "I want to protect you, if you'll let me." He cupped his hand under my chin, lifting it. "What were you scared of? Me?"

"No, not you. I was scared of how you made me feel, how powerful my wanting for you is."

He caressed my cheek, thumbing away a tear that had dribbled down the side. "Baby, my wanting for you has been driving me mad for four weeks. I haven't eaten. I can't sleep. I can't think. I haven't even started the renovations on the house yet because I can't concentrate on anything but you. I've wondered where you were, what you were doing, why you wouldn't call me. You see what you've done to me? You've tormented me, haunted me. And I'm thankful. You've given me a reason to live again, to think about tomorrow. To plan for next week, next month."

I'd never heard such beautiful words before. I was speechless.

"Tell me you're mine, Bristol. I need to hear you say it."

I looped my arms around his neck and rose up on tiptoes. He dipped his head down, lower, lower until our mouths were a breath apart. Then, I whispered, "I'm yours, Shane. I've been yours from the start, after that first magical kiss." And then, I sealed my promise with a kiss. It was as magical as the first one. Not because it was a possession. No, it was a surrender. It was an unspoken vow. He was my master, and I was his slave. For how long? I couldn't say. Yesterday, today, and tomorrow. Maybe longer. Maybe not. But now I understood. I didn't need to be afraid. Shane would never hurt me. I could trust him like I'd never trusted another man. In the dungeon, he would be my lover, my protector, my strength, my courage. But only if I turned myself over to him, mind and body.

When the kiss ended, he smiled. "Now, you deserve a reward." His hand slid around to my back, cupping my bottom, and a shiver of desire quaked through me. I leaned into him, feeling his hard, hot need pressing against my stomach.

"Here? Again?" I asked, a secret thrill setting my heart racing.

"No, eat first. You're going to need your strength. I have big plans for you tonight. Big plans."

My body ignited as he angled past me, opened my car door and pulled my bag of vegetable lasagna out. "Yes, sir." We walked hand in hand to his car. And minutes later, we were zooming through quiet streets toward his home, toward his dungeon.

My new playroom.

The End

