I was falling down the rabbit hole again but this time there were sharp spikes at the bottom and the walls were plastered with pictures of 16-year-old me holding a Molotov cocktail.

Someone knew about my past. They had been in my apartment. And they were going to blackmail me.

I kept compulsively checking my phone, waiting for a response to the message I'd sent. Pick it up, put it down. Pick it up, put it down. When it finally did chime, my heart started thudding so hard I thought I was going to die. But it was just my older sister updating me on what my niece and nephew had been doing.

Somehow that was even worse and I found myself crouched on the floor of the kitchen, my stomach tensed up, taking deep underwater breaths and just staring at her message. There was normal happy life going on far away and I was here, caught up in some twisted game where I was falling for my damaged boss and trying to take his company down at the same time. The cold anger that had driven me to get a job at Stone-Black had transformed into confusion. I just couldn't believe Mr. Stone would ever be involved in illegal dumping of chemicals. I felt like my mind was splitting into pieces. One part was rational and cold, telling me that billionaires don't become billionaires without getting blood on their hands. Another part wanted him and was willing to forgive it all for a passionate kiss. Another part was younger me, judging the girl I'd become. The weak stupid girl who thought she'd take down a massive company and just ended up fucking the boss.

I finally got up from the kitchen floor and made it back to the sofa but that was no better with the photo and article now hidden under a pile of junk mail. I kept following my thoughts around and ending up at only two options:

Confess all to Mr. Stone.

Leave him and never come back.

After another few hours of guilt and anger and feeling like I was going mad, I decided to be an irresponsible fool and opened a bottle of white wine from the fridge. Yes, it was only just past lunch but I didn't care. I gulped down the first glass like it was water, feeling the alcohol warm me from within. The second glass followed about as quickly and by the time I was pouring myself the third, I felt the alcohol wash my anxiety away.

*

I arrived at work on Monday with a headache, dark sunglasses and a giant coffee from the slow cafe down the road. They'd burned it but I didn't really care. I just needed liquid, caffeine and sugar. I still hadn't heard from whomever was in my apartment but somehow had stopped caring about it. A hangover will do that. I slumped my way through the lobby like a zombie and took the elevator to the top floor. I was feeling bad but thinking it wouldn't really get any worse. Then the elevator doors opened and I saw Mr. Black leaning against my desk, shuffling through some papers in a manila folder.

"Delilah! So good to see you." He smiled and waved me over like we were old friends. I stepped out of the elevator on auto-pilot and glanced towards Mr. Stone's office. The doors were closed but I didn't know if they were locked.

"He's not in," Mr. Black said and smiled at me again.

"Good morning, Mr. Black," I mumbled as I walked past him and around my desk. I put my bag down and took my sunglasses off, feeling like I was suddenly adrift at sea. Was Mr. Black my boss too? What was he doing here?

He stood up from my desk and pulled the guest chair out on the other side before sitting down and looking up at me.

"Rough night?"

I took a sip of coffee and tried to process what was going on. I had to get back into professional mode! He was the other owner of Stone-Black and probably here to ask me about financial figures or something. But here he was looking like he was genuinely concerned. The wolfish lady-killer I'd met at the party was gone.

I sat down and forced a smile. "White wine," I said and immediately called myself an idiot for admitting I was hung-over. Well done Delilah.

He chuckled and looked down at the papers he was holding. "It's that preservative they use and no matter how expensive the wine is, you can still get smacked with it. J and I had a five-hundred dollar bottle at a resort once and the next day it was like we'd been poisoned. Between us we ate all the bacon and fried food that buffet had. I think I saw the chef crying in the kitchen later."

I laughed and then winced as my headache throbbed. Did I have him all wrong? Mr. Stone didn't like him but did that mean I had to dislike him too? And he called Mr. Stone J?

"Sorry we didn't get to talk much at the party. It's ... ah ..." he trailed off and waved his hand around, "It had nothing to do with you. Years ago one of Jackson's girlfriends decided to tell him she liked me more than him. I'd barely spoken with her and would never anyway but it broke a bit of our friendship. I love the guy like my brother but he gets a little touchy if I'm around a girl he likes."

He looked down at the paper again, almost shyly, and raised his eyebrows before laughing. "Wow, over-sharing much on a Monday morning with a pretty girl who has a hangover. Forget I said anything. I'm embarrassed."

"It's fine," I said and smiled back at him. Pretty girl?

"Okay, to work so I can't say anything else stupid. I was hoping you could help me out. I know you're Jackson's assistant but mine has gone off to have a baby and I haven't got anyone to replace her yet. I just need some contracts and other correspondence and thought that maybe you have time? It's for a meeting tomorrow lunch."

"Mr. Stone has me looking up a lot of contracts right now but I'm sure I can help. Is that what you're looking for?"

Mr. Black handed me the manila folder. It had three sheets of paper in it. I skimmed over them. He wanted contracts between two companies, some correspondence between a certain date range and then contracts between another two companies.

"Should be okay. I'll have something for you later today?"

"You are a life saver. Margueritte usually does this for me but for some reason she just couldn't hold the baby in so she could stay at work. Selfish really."

He grinned at me and I laughed and winced once more.

"Stop telling jokes, my head can't take it," I said, taking another sip of burned coffee.

"Deal. I'll see you later maybe."

With that, Mr. Black went to the elevator which opened when he pressed the button. He smiled once more at me as the doors closed and I sat back in my chair. My head was spinning but this time it wasn't the hangover.

What had just happened?

*

I was halfway through Mr. Black's work when the elevator opened and a young delivery guy who looked like a surfer stepped out. He was holding a white paper bag that the moment I saw it, I knew held something fried and greasy.

"Delivery for Delilah? Ha, that's cool. D for D. Man, nice office."

He was pure surfer stoner and laughed at his own joke as he came over. He handed me the bag and then waved away my trying to tip him.

"Dude already tipped me big time. Enjoy!" He walked back to the elevator and hit the call button.

I opened the top of the bag and the delicious scent of bacon and friend hash brown rose up.

"Do you know who ordered this?"

The elevator opened and he stepped inside.

"Um ... sorry dude."

The doors closed and he was gone.

I reached into the bag and pulled out a container. It held crispy bacon, two eggs, two hash browns and some sliced fried tomato. There was also a note that was going see-through from all the oil.

Bacon bacon bacon,

That'll stop your achin'

MB

I took a bite of a bacon strip and felt my stomach rumble. It was so good I nearly moaned aloud. This day had gone from terrible to strange and now it was both delicious and confusing.

I wolfed my way through the meal, feeling my hangover fading with each bite. Once I had some food inside me, I wiped off my fingers on the napkin provided and relaxed back into my chair.

Maybe I could tell Mr. Stone about the blackmail. Maybe I could just ignore it. Maybe I'd tell Mr. Stone and then he wrap me in his arms and tell me the past didn't matter before tearing my clothes off.

As though my thoughts had summoned him, an email appeared from Mr. Stone. I smiled to myself as I opened it but then was disappointed to find it was just a work email. Then my smile fell away as I saw he was requesting the same contracts as Mr. Black. I picked up Mr. Black's notes and compared, hoping it was a coincidence. It wasn't though. They both wanted the same work sent to them. Mr. Stone had written he wanted the work by 3pm and I was to drop everything else.

Just then another emailed appeared. This was from Mr. Black.

Hope you enjoy the bacon!

Sorry to ask but the meeting has been pulled forward. Can you get that material to me by 2pm?

There was a smiley face at the bottom of his email. It didn't match the expression on my face.

What in the hell was going on?

*

At five minutes to two I sent off the work to Mr. Black and then Mr. Stone. Let them both have it at the same time and sort out whatever was happening. I sent it off and then escaped the office, taking a late lunch which was really just a snack because I was still full from the bacon breakfast Mr. Black had sent up.

I was sitting in the park, half-heartedly eating a sandwich and staring at nothing when I felt my phone buzz. It was a message telling me to go to an address a few blocks away. I stopped eating my sandwich as the small amount of appetite I had vanished.

The address was still out in public so I was fairly sure I wasn't going to be kidnapped and taken away forever. I debated not going even as I stood up and threw my sandwich away.

As I walked down the street I started to get angry. Who the fuck were these people who thought they knew me?

Yeah, they had a photo and yeah, that building did burn down but there was a long way between one thing and the other and it was circumstantial at best.

By the time I reached the address I was fuming, ready to punch, kick, bite or scream at anyone who approached me. All my rage collapsed when a little girl, no more than five, tugged on my sleeve. She handed me a yellow envelope, smiled at me and then ran off. I stood there with my mouth open as she vanished into the crowd and by the time I got my thoughts together enough to realize I should have followed her, she was long gone.

I opened the envelope and took out the single piece of paper within.

You will find and destroy the hardcopy of the following documents

The list ran down the page and continued on the other side. At the bottom was a small clipped image of me holding the Molotov next to the instruction to send "I understand" again. I scanned through the list seeing some contracts I had already looked up.

This was it? They wanted me to destroy hard copies of contracts that already existed in digital form? What was the point?

I put the paper back in the envelope and pulled out my phone to type the message.

*

The rest of the day went by at half-speed. I still had plenty of work from Mr. Stone to get through but even when I lost myself in it, I'd come out a moment later. I finally made it to the end and went home, thinking I'd escaped this day without any more problems about five seconds before I sat on some gum on the bus.

I went up to my apartment and felt my stomach jittering as I walked inside. The violation of my private space made me feel ill. This apartment, as small as it was with its ratty sofa and hey-let's-call-it-antique-even-though-it's-just-old decor, had been my sanctuary.

I shook myself out of that loop of thinking again and considered my new problem. The blackmailers wanted me to destroy hard copies of documents. I'd been to the hard-copy storage area deep in the levels beneath Stone-Black. It took up two entire floors and the truth is that hardly anyone ever went down there. Even Ms. Green, the HR lady who liked to purse her lips, admitted to me in my very short training time with her that no one cared about the archives to the point that there wasn't actually anyone employed to look after them. Access was restricted to certain people but once you were down there, you could do whatever you wanted and no one would be the wiser.

As I started chopping vegetables for dinner, I resolved to go down to the archives tomorrow. Just to have a look I told myself. I wasn't really going to do what the blackmailers wanted. Not even if it was easy and there was almost no chance of being caught.

I was just going to check it out. I wasn't going to destroy anything.

*

I found three of the contracts in the archives with no problem at all and spent a good half-hour reading through them but I couldn't work out why they needed to be destroyed. They were in regard to licensing some chemical process from another company as far as I could tell but written in legalese gibberish. The only thing they really had in common was that they were all signed by Mr. Black. Was that important?

I stuffed the contracts in an empty box I found and hid it in a back corner. Once I managed to connect all the dots then I could decide what to do.

In the elevator on the way up, my thoughts suddenly turned away from my predicament and to Mr. Stone. He'd be back tomorrow and he promised my training would begin. I shivered at the idea. What did he mean by training? Knowing his love of high-tech sex toys I'm sure it would involve some device that could make me orgasm at the press of a button. The elevator was fast but even so, by the time I reached the top floor I was feeling quite hot and bothered. Could I get away with using my red bullet at work? Did Mr. Stone have cameras up here outside his office? The doors opened and I looked straight into Mr. Black's eyes. The devilish grin on my face dropped away to an awkward smile but not before he raised his eyebrow and smiled back at me. He was leaning against my desk again, browsing through another manila folder.

"Here's trouble," he murmured.

I stepped out the elevator, suddenly aware of the wet heat between my legs. I knew my cheeks must be red and my embarrassment wasn't doing much to help that situation.

"Mr. Black, good morning sir," I said, looking mostly at the floor as I walked over to my desk. No, that's too obvious! Look up!

I sat down at my desk and looked up at Mr. Black who was watching me with a half-smile on his face. He raised his eyebrows at me and then stepped away from my desk and looked down at the papers in his hand.

I turned on my computer and adjusted my skirt. Yes, my body was still hot and bothered but professional me was pulling it back together. I could even feel the red fading from my face.

"This is great work. You really saved my ... bacon," Mr. Black said and then laughed to himself.

I laughed too but something seemed off today. Maybe it was me thinking of Mr. Stone and then finding a different man in front of me. I glanced over at my computer as the emails arrived and saw one from Mr. Stone. The subject line said Tonight, 7pm. I opened it with a flutter in my stomach.

I will be home early. Be at my house 7pm tonight. Mi-oh will pick you up.

That composure I was talking about broke into pieces. Mr. Stone would be home tonight. I brought my fingers up to my neck and felt the leather band around it.

"... what do you think?"

I refocused. Mr. Black had been talking!

"Um, sorry, could you repeat that?" I asked and then waved a hand at the computer. "Emails, got distracted."

He nodded and then frowned down into his paperwork.

"I was just saying that you really saved me and to pay you back I wanted to take you out to dinner tonight. My treat."

He said all this to his paperwork and I suddenly got the impression of a young embarrassed teenager asking someone out on a first date. With that idea came that feeling that girls know well: you have to turn someone down and you're almost as embarrassed as they are.

"I would love to," I lied, "but I can't. I ... um,"

He waved away my explanation and stood up suddenly.

"Not a problem, some other time. Could you find this for me and have it by tomorrow if possible?" It all came out in one big rush and he handed me the folder and practically bolted for elevator before I could say anything else. Mercifully, it opened immediately and the doors closed behind him without me seeing his face again.

I picked up the folder and opened it but I was already lost in thoughts of Mr. Stone and what would happen tonight.

*

It's crazy what sex will do to you. I spent the rest of the day working on the mundane but unlike yesterday I didn't keep suddenly thinking about blackmail or the situation I found myself in. All I could think about was Mr. Stone. My master. The one who put the leather collar on me and told me I would obey.

I didn't care about the contracts I was meant to find and destroy. I didn't even care someone had been in my apartment. All I wanted was Mr. Stone.

I rushed home the moment work was over and had a shower before dressing in some tight jeans and a top that flattered all that I had. At six-thirty the buzzer rang and Mi-oh called out "DEAR DELILAH!" over the intercom.

I went downstairs to find the black Bentley waiting for me, Mi-oh leaning against it in a black tuxedo looking like a professional killer.

We chatted on the way to Mr. Stone's mansion but even with her bubbly personality I had trouble keeping my mind on what she was saying. She asked me about work and I gave some vague response before apologizing and focusing for all of two minutes.

We arrived at Mr. Stone's mansion and Mi-oh waved goodbye before giving me a wink. Mr. Henry was waiting by the door. He smiled at me and gave a little bow before opening it for me.

"Upstairs and to the right, Ms. Neri," Mr. Henry said.

I walked up the stairs, my stomach going from fluttering to leaping up and down. The closer I got to Mr. Stone's dungeon, the worse it got. I had changed into fresh underwear at home but already they were soaked through with my desire. I turned the corner and walked down the beautiful hallway, although the artworks were somewhat lost on my sex-brain.

Just as I reached the study where Mr. Stone had fucked me for the first time bent over his sofa, I felt a strong arms wrap around me from behind, one across my collarbone, the other around my waist.

"You are here, little slave," said Mr. Stone in my ear.

"Yes, sir," I managed to say, even though it felt my whole body was thudding in time with my heart.

His fingers trailed up to my neck and he touched the leather collar before stroking the hollow of my jaw. I closed my eyes and breathed in his scent. I felt his lips brush against my ear before he took hold of the collar and stepped around me.

"Come with me, slave," he said.

He pulled me along and I followed obediently. We entered the dungeon and I felt my eyes become heavy. His effect on me was like I was drugged. I just wanted to fuck him, to serve him, to do whatever he wanted. Even as these thoughts crossed my mind, I felt some fears rising up. Did I have barriers he'd push against and I'd suddenly find out how far he wanted to go? Would I be able to follow him?

Mr. Stone suddenly turned and pulled me towards him. We kissed and I felt like I'd bitten into an electrical wire at the feeling. His lips against mine, his hands touching me. I looked into his eyes and saw a deep hunger.

But it was only for a moment. He broke our kiss and was behind me again. The man was fast and powerful. I felt his body near mine and then saw his hands in front of my face holding a thick black blindfold. He covered my eyes and then stepped away from me.

"Can you see?" he asked from somewhere behind me.

"No, sir," I said. No light was getting through at all and without my sight my other senses seemed to magnify.

"Wait," commanded Mr. Stone.

"Yes, sir," I said.

I heard him move behind me, a rustle of fabric on fabric but then nothing else. If anything, the man was preternaturally quiet. I focused on calming my breathing, feeling my heart slowing down and the pounding rush of blood in my ears fade away.

To my right I heard a soft clink of metal on glass and then the rattle of ice-cubes. Was he making a drink?

"Take off your clothes," Mr. Stone whispered in my ear and I almost screamed. I managed to bite my lip in time to stop myself.

"Yes, sir," I said and reached down to unbutton my jeans. I pushed off my shoes and after a momentary struggle with my very tight jeans, slid them down my hips and off, taking my socks with them. It wasn't cold in the room but when the air hit my wet underwear, I felt a chill.

"Faster," Mr. Stone whispered in my ear again. I couldn't hear where he was over my own body going crazy but then I felt him behind me, felt his fingers trail over my ass and down to the wetness between my legs. I moaned as he pressed his fingers against me before he stepped away and was gone again.

I unbuttoned my top and dropped it beside me before my bra followed. Finally I slipped my underwear off and dropped them to the floor. I kept closing and then opening my eyes under the blindfold as though I'd suddenly be able to see something but I was in complete darkness.

I heard another clink of metal on glass to my right and then a scraping sound. I felt a rush of bumps flood up my arms with every new sound. What was Mr. Stone doing? I heard another clink of glass before he spoke again.

"Two steps forward."

"Yes, sir."

I took two steps and then stopped, now trying to remember the layout of the room and what was in it. There were tables and all sorts of sex toys all over the place. Half the things I had no idea what they did.

"Reach down and feel the bench in front of you. Turn around and sit down."

"Yes, sir," I answered and reached down. My fingers touched a soft warm surface with a firmness underneath. I ran my hands outwards and around and felt it was about twice as wide as me. Not a bed but a bench with a soft covering. Using my hands to guide me, I sat down on it.

"Now lay back and put your hands above you, little slave," Mr. Stone said.

I lay back on the bench, feeling the warmth of the material against my back. As I raised my hands above my head I felt Mr. Stone's strong hands grab my wrists and he pulled me back, sliding me further up the bench. I felt two leather bands clasp around my wrists, locking my arms in place.

I heard a single footstep and then he was gone again. I strained my ears to hear where he was and felt like my whole body was vibrating with the effort. I heard a soft scrape of glass from across the room.

Then his lips. Hot, burning. His mouth enclosing my nipple, a tiny trickle of hot liquid running down the side of my breast. I gasped and heard him swallow. In the darkness I could smell hot green tea. I heard a soft sip of liquid and then Mr. Stone's burning mouth covered my other nipple. Its heat rushed through me and as his teeth grazed against my breast, I moaned.

Mr. Stone moved with hot kisses down my body, across my stomach, moving away and back so I never knew where he'd touch next. He bit my earlobe and then sucked it into his hot mouth before nipping at my breast, kissing under down my left arm and then suddenly kissing me on the lips. I opened my mouth and drank the hot tea from his mouth, desperate for it.

He moved away and then I shrieked as freezing cold brushed over my breast. His mouth closed over my nipple and I felt an ice-cube rub across me. He kissed with his cold mouth down my body again and I almost screamed at the sensations rushing through me. A moment later I felt the tip of his finger touch me and it was hot and wet. He must have put his fingers in hot water. He stroked down my body and then twisted my nipple between his fingers. The heat hit the cold and I moaned something incomprehensible.

I felt him move down my body then, kissing from lips to neck to breast to stomach and down my thigh. Over my gasping I heard him sip something and before I could wonder if it was hot or cold I felt his lips press against the slick wetness between my legs. I was on fire for him but it didn't match the temperature of his tongue. I felt his hot mouth move against me and then he covered my clit and swirled his tongue around it. The hot tea shocked through me and then I felt him swallow before pressing his tongue against me once more.

He started in a circular motion, swirling his tongue, pressing against my clit, then around it. I immediately felt myself starting to twitch. I had waited all day for this. Waited since he'd kissed me out the front of my apartment and I'd felt his cock press against me.

He continued around and around and I started to gasp in short breaths as the pleasure became too much.

"Come for me," Mr. Stone said, his deep voice sending a vibration through my clit. He swirled his tongue at double speed and I felt his hands gripping my waist. Somewhere between one circle and the next, I came, my hips bucking back and forth involuntarily. Mr. Stone slowed as I gasped, every nerve sensation turned up to maximum.

His licks turned into gentle kisses, down away from my clit, to my thigh and back again. I had all of a minute to recover before he slipped two fingers inside me and pressed his lips against my clit again.

I felt his fingers rub against my g-spot inside me. That feeling halfway between pleasure and pain where too much is not enough. His tongue swirled around my clit in a wide circle and as it did, he moved his fingers inside of me.

The pressure against my g-spot from inside my body took over. Without my sight I was just a hot throbbing mass of nerves being played like a piano. My arms were tied so I couldn't move away and I couldn't move closer. I was completely under Mr. Stone's control.

He moved his hand up and down, slow at first but then speeding up and at some point his took his mouth off my clit. His fingers inside me felt like his cock and his palm was pounding with a fast rhythm against me. My first orgasm hadn't faded and now it came roaring back for an encore. This time my legs were shaking and I screamed something but I don't know what it was. Every thrust inside me was a new electric shock through my body.

Somewhere between my orgasm and gulping breathes, Mr. Stone pushed my knees up, tilting my pussy, and moved up against me.

"Quiet now, my slave," he said.

I felt his hard cock pressing against my opening and I tried to calm myself but I couldn't. One orgasm on top of another ... hot tea ... cold ice ... and now his cock.

I took two or three deep breaths, feeling the aftershocks of my orgasm still zipping through me. I was about to say "Yes, sir" when he pushed the full length of his cock inside me and my eyes rolled back in my head. He felt so big, stretching me out, filling me up.

He was over the top of me, his body pressing against my legs. I felt small beneath him, completely within his power. Then I felt his hands against the back of my neck and the blindfold slip away.

Mr. Stone pulled my head up, our noses almost touching. All I could see was his face. His blue-green eyes flashing like he wanted to fuck me or kill me or kiss me. He moved his hips and pulled me against him and I curled up underneath him. Somehow he'd loosened my restraints without me noticing and I found myself clasping my hands in front of me like I was praying as Mr. Stone began to fuck me.

With every thrust his hard cock rubbed past my g-spot and then his body hit my clit. Inside and out the pleasure rushed around, down my legs and up again, up my spine. He fucked me and I went somewhere past orgasm and into pure pleasure stretching out for eternity. I don't know how long it lasted. The entire world was Mr. Stone and I was his slave, sliding back and forth beneath him, his strong hands clasped behind my neck. I was begging and moaning and just when I thought it couldn't feel any better he'd speed up and jolt me along with him. All through this our eyes were locked together. He was my entire world and I was his.

A million years later his breathing quickened and his hands clenched and I found myself repeating yes, sir, yes, sir, sir, yes, yes over and over as he pounded into me. I felt a flooding warmth rise up from deep inside me, a hot wave with an electric edge and right in that perfect moment, he came, his eyes fiery and locked on mine.

I don't know how much time passed after that. At some point I was in his arms as he carried me and then we were in a bed and I was against his chest, hearing the strong beat of his heart. Then sleep overtook me.

*

I awoke some time later and found myself alone and the other side of the bed cold. It wasn't Mr. Stone's style to have anything like a digital clock in his room and so I was disorientated as I fumbled beside the bed to find the lamp light switch. I finally got it and a warm glow lit up my side of the bed.

I was in Mr. Stone's bedroom and when I my eyes finally focused I saw it was only 11pm according to the clock on the wall. I had no idea how long I was in the dungeon with Mr. Stone but for some reason I felt like I'd only been asleep for an hour and that something was wrong.

As I slipped out of bed I heard Mr. Stone's voice from the other side of the mansion. He sounded agitated - something completely out of character for him. Curiosity got the better of me so I found a robe and crept out of his room and headed towards his voice.

As I moved down the corridor I heard that he was talking to another man. They were in a study at the end of the corridor and the door was ajar. How close could I get without being seen?

I crept down the corridor and then holding my breath and trying to be as quiet as possible stopped in place to listen.

"These companies inside companies inside companies ... what were you thinking?" Mr. Stone sounded angry.

"Oh, like you haven't done that in your time. Jasper Stone. Lewis Systems."

I felt a shock of cold as I realized who the other man was. It was Mr. Black. Why was he here at night? In contrast to Mr. Stone he sounded like he was sneering at him.

"You know why I - we - did that. You've put the entire company at risk."

Their voices dropped and I strained to hear what they were saying. I heard Mr. Stone say "contracts" but I couldn't work out the rest.

"It's not just hundreds of millions. It's billions, Jackson and unless the investors can be convinced then it's over."

"These shells within shells within shells. Always gambling on the edge and never realizing that one day you'll lose."

Both men went silent and I got the sudden feeling that I shouldn't be standing in the corridor. At any moment they could wrap up this argument and I'd have nowhere to go when the door opened.

With great speed and trying to be as silent as possible, I backed down the corridor and around the corner. I heard them start talking again and caught only two more words but it was like an knife through my heart.

Stone Pharma.

No sooner than I was back in bed I heard Mr. Black leave and soon after, Mr. Stone returned to the bedroom. I had put the robe back and turned off the light, pretending to be asleep. He entered the bedroom and moved across the room, as quiet as he ever was before slipping into the bed.

I was about to turn over when his body pressed against mine and he wrapped his arms around me. His gave me a soft kiss on the back of my neck and all the anxiety I'd felt from overhearing their argument vanished.

I took a deep breath and in the warmth of his embrace, drifted off to sleep.

*

In the morning I awoke to an empty bed and another pale golden envelope.

"Damn you, sir," I said to the ceiling as I realized he'd managed to leave without me waking up again. I rubbed the sleep out of my eyes and opened the envelope.

Late start today my slave. Be at work 11am to begin your training. There are clothes in the box at the end of the bed.

Don't be late.

JS

As soon as I read the time in the note I checked the clock and saw it was 8:45am! Good thing the boss had given me a late start today because I was already late otherwise.

I had a slow shower and then opened the box to find a black skirt, white shirt and black top, along with stockings and a pair of high heels. It was all very business professional but a million times better than most of what I owned. The fabrics were beautiful and it all fit me perfectly. How did Mr. Stone get my measurements?

I smiled at myself as I remembered the number of times he'd seen me naked. And then number of times I'd left in different clothes than I'd arrived in. I guess at some point he may have had the opportunity...

After I dressed I went downstairs where Mr. Stone's chef Nadine was already making me breakfast. She served me up an amazing multicolored omelet that had bright green zucchini, red capsicum, pale yellow squash and red tomato all surrounded by bright fluffy yellow egg. It was amazing and I had to hold myself back from making noises like when Mr. Stone and I were together.

After breakfast, I went out the front of the mansion where Mr. Henry was waiting with Mi-oh and the shiny black Bentley. This time she was dressed like a English schoolboy, complete with grey vest, blue tie and a pair of black school shoes. She looked like a cast member from Harry Potter.

In no time at all we were off and I sat back and watched the city go by.

Skyscraper, kids on the sidewalk, coffee guy, Mr. Stone with a mouthful of hot tea, building construction, Mr. Stone with an ice-cube, road works, Mr. Stone holding my neck...

"We're here!" Mi-oh announced and pulled us up out the front of Stone-Black. It was about time too - any longer and I would have really let my imagination run wild. By the time I'd reached his office I'd be a panting mess.

I waved Mi-oh goodbye and then went into the bottom floor ladies to cool myself off. It was a good spot for calming down - the room was cool and the lighting muted. I stopped in front of the mirror, remembering myself not that long ago after bumping into Mr. Stone in the lobby. I had only worked here for three days. What was it I said back then?

Fuck him?

I smiled at myself in the mirror and then looked away as I washed my hands under cool water. So much had happened since then. I had discovered so much about Mr. Stone. His sex dungeon. His love of high-tech sex toys. I dried my hands and then touched the leather collar around my neck.

His desire to own me.

But everything was so confusing now. Someone was attempting to blackmail me. Last night I'd overheard Mr. Stone and Mr. Black arguing and I'm sure they mentioned Stone Pharma. It couldn't be a coincidence. I had signed up so I could find something - anything - to harm Stone-Black and then I'd met Mr. Stone and...

And then I'd fallen for him.

I gave myself one final look in the mirror and then headed out. By the time I reached the elevator, I felt like the leather collar was warming against my neck. When I started to ascend, every floor up with an increase in temperature. No matter my attempts to stay cool and collected, my body seemed determined to heat up the closer I got to Mr. Stone.

The doors opened and I checked the time. 11am on the dot. I walked up the mahogany doors and pushed them open to find Mr. Stone sitting behind his desk in a pitch black suit. I strolled in, feeling sexy and hot. Tie me up, tie me down, I was ready for anything.

Except one thing.

In front of Mr. Stone on his desk he had three papers spread out. The first was the picture of me at sixteen holding the Molotov cocktail. The second was the article about the fire. And the third was the log of me swiping in and out of various areas. Yesterday's trip to the archives was highlighted in red.

I felt the bottom of the world plummet away.

I looked up into Mr. Stone's eyes. They were flat and emotionless.

"You said I could trust you," he said.

I felt a thousand explanations rising up inside me but my mouth wouldn't work. I had no voice and there was nothing I could say. I turned and ran out of his office, heading for the elevator.

I pounded on the call button, tears running down my face. I should go back. I need to leave. I need to tell him what he means to me. I need to leave forever.

Some part of me wanted him to come running out of his office and grab me in his arms. Pull me close to him. I would tell him everything and then he would tell me it would be okay. That he still wanted me.

The elevator doors opened and I stepped inside but no call came. Jackson Stone didn't come striding out of his office.

The doors closed and I pressed the button to go down.

I felt like I was descending straight to hell.

