One

Tristan offered me a drink from the well-stocked bar over the kitchen counter. He slid the rolling shelf out and motioned for me to choose. The last drink I had on an airplane was a little mini of cheap wine from a cart. I went over to the cabinet and eyed an array of full sized bottles that would rival most bars. There was a chrome grate across the bottom half of the lineup that I guessed was to prevent anything from flying off the shelf if we hit any turbulence.

"I know better than to let you choose for me. You nearly killed me with that kamikaze I had at your house that first night." I grimaced remembering how potent the drink had been. I pointed to some premium vanilla vodka. "A little of that and some orange juice, if you have some."

"One 'creamsicle' coming up." I watched his hands as he made my drink and poured some scotch over ice for himself.

His hands captivated me almost as much as his face and voice from the first day I met him. Could it have only been two months ago? Two months for those hands to know my body better than I ever dreamed possible? "Between the kamikaze and the way I left you that night, I'm surprised you ever wanted to be with me again," he let one cool finger trail over the sensitive underside of my wrist as he passed my drink to me.

"You have a way of redeeming yourself." I tasted my drink. "Mmm, mmm. This is more like it."

Tristan lowered himself with his usual grace onto the dove gray leather sofa. Never had a man so impressed me with the way he moved. Everything Tristan King did seemed subtly choreographed--a personal ballet designed just for him. He patted the seat beside him, but I didn't immediately join him.

I'd had to buckle my seat belt before I got the chance to really explore the interior of the huge private jet. We'd done a quick walk-through before the pilot had called for us to take our seats and now that we were on our way, I wanted to poke around a bit.

"Do you mind if I look around?"

"Help yourself. It's quite interesting, really, to see how things are adapted for an aircraft's interior. The same kind of things you'd do on a ship."

"Have you got a ship, too?"

"I wouldn't call it a ship. But I do have a nice yacht."

That didn't surprise me in the least. I wandered around the kitchen/dining area first. There was a convection oven, a microwave, a refrigerator, several cabinets with dishes but no actual stove. "I guess you don't really cook on a plane, right?"

"No, whatever I need is ordered from a caterer who specializes in provisioning for aircraft. There are quite a few choices, if you're hungry."

"No, maybe later." I ran my fingers over the surface of the highly polished wooden table top. "Table for eight? You could do a flying dinner party."

"Like the table? The wood is very distinctive. It's called ebony burl and it's found mainly in Laos."

I studied the dark and light swirling pattern on the shiny tabletop. "It's very pretty." I walked toward the living room and Tristan watched me from the couch. He was seated on one of two three-seaters and there were additional loveseats and big comfortable looking recliners. The entire interior was done in shades of gray and ivory with lots of different types of wood accents. The effect was warmly masculine; rich but not ostentatiously so.

"The furniture converts into sleepers. Counting the master, eight people can sleep on board."

Between the living area and the bedroom was an office space with four chairs and desks. Beyond that, the master suite. I stood in the arch of the bedroom door surveying the big bed with its creamy spread and the fur throw casually, but purposefully draped over one corner. I felt Tristan come up behind me and encircle my waist, holding my back against him.

"Are you prepared to get nice and cozy tonight?" He playfully rubbed himself against my ass and I pressed back and wiggled.

"Tristan, who does all this for you? I mean, your pilot doesn't come on board and lay the fur on the bed just so, fill the vases with exotic flowers and make sure you've got a fully stocked bar right down to the Stoli vanilla."

"There's a service. They don't require much notice, unless I have special requests. This trip I had lots of special requests, so I had them start days ago." He got an impish look on his face. "Aren't you going to ask what my special requests were?"

"Do I dare?"

There was a closet on the right side of the bedroom and Tristan slid one of the polished panels aside. I saw a woman's wardrobe hanging there. I didn't have to look to know that the clothes were all my size and the dozen pairs of shoes below them would all fit perfectly. That's why I had been instructed to bring nothing but my passport. Tristan wanted to dress me like his own personal doll. It was romantic and disconcerting at the same time. But, I'd agreed to the game so I had to make the best of it.

"How lovely! I've never in my life had everything brand new at once." I really did try to sound sincere, but there was an element of the whole scene that was pushing the buttons on my bizarre-o-meter.

"If you hate the clothes, there are plenty of places to shop where we're going." He looked so little-boy-sad it made me feel like an ungrateful bitch.

"I don't hate the clothes. I haven't even looked at them yet. It's all just a little overwhelming, that's all. Being whisked into the sky, not knowing where I'm going and not having a thing of my own with me."

"I meant for this to be fun for you ..."

I took his hand. "I know you did and it is fun for me. It just takes some getting used to, Tristan. Remember, I'm the girl who wears clothes that don't have a pedigree and drives an old red 'Eep.'"

He laughed at the reference to my Jeep with its missing first letter. "I did offer to replace the Eep, you know."

I just shook my head. The man was incorrigible.

"You could at least let me get you a new 'J'."

"You know what I'd really like?"

"Say the word and it's yours."

"I'd really like to take a bath in that big tub I spied in there. I feel a little grungy after the play and all."

"Absolutely ... of course. Everything you need should be stowed under the sink." He pulled me close for a long deep kiss. His lips parted against mine and I felt his hot tongue snake into my mouth. He smelled almost edible. The slight peaty scent of his scotch-tinged breath and the lingering faint scent of masculine cologne was a powerful combination. Everything about him smelled like it should be bottled and sold as "MAN".

His hands pulled on the cheeks of my ass and pressed my groin into his. "I'll have a shower in the front bathroom and we'll rendezvous when we're all pink and shiny. Take your time, but hurry. My cock is already remembering all things you said you planned to do with me ..." I was almost tempted to tell him to skip the shower.

I felt him start to swell against me. I remembered, too. The nights we passed in sultry conversation when while pretending publicly we weren't together burned in my mind. Laying in the dark, miles away from him, sparked my imagination and freed me from inhibition. The phone sex had been almost as good as the real deal.

When I started to explore the bathroom I saw that, as usual, Tristan had every detail covered. Watching him develop his character for the play we'd just closed I'd witnessed his attention to detail in action. There wasn't a nuance he missed for the run of seven performances. In live theater the audience always has the entire scene in view. Unlike a movie, there aren't close-ups that cut the other actors out of the picture. If an actor steps out of character, the audience can see it immediately. Tristan never faltered.

The bathroom was stocked with every imaginable soap, shampoo, body wash, lotion, potion and device. All came from the same English company I'd never heard of but knew instantly had to be the very best of the best. He hadn't missed a single thing a woman might want down to a very good razor and hair dryer.

I ran the tub and luxuriated in the swirling scented water. I had always rationalized that my three dollar shampoo was just the same as the salon brands, only in a different package. Was I ever wrong. Even before I dried it, I could feel how silky smooth the pearly products had left it. After I finished drying my hair I looked at the selection of perfumes he had chosen for me. Needless to say, I didn't recognize the name of any of them. What I did note was that each was packaged in extravagant crystal bottles embellished with gems and gold--all undoubtedly very real. I picked one in a pyramid shaped flask and dabbed a drop at my temples, wrists, throat and the backs of my knees. The fragrance was subtle yet completely unique. I could get used to this.

Waiting for me on the bed was a robe made of crimson velvet with satin cuffs and lapels that matched the lining. I slipped into it and felt myself slowly but surely adjusting to another world; another life. The satin felt cool against my skin. I felt new.

Tristan was waiting for me in the salon. He had showered and was also wearing a robe, his a silk paisley with a black velvet lapel. It made him look very "English country gentleman". He wore the look well, as he did anything. I was certain that the man could wear overalls and a battered straw hat and pull it off.

I snuggled beside him on the couch and he handed me a snifter of brandy.

"Armanac," he told me. "It's a lesser known brandy produced in France. I like it because I find it smoother. It's unique."

"Well, you certainly have a fondness for the unique."

"Perhaps that's why I'm drawn to you."

"I'd hardly call myself unique. I'm about as typical a girl as you'll ever meet."

"That's where you're so wrong, Raina. There's nothing typical about you. Not in today's world."

"Are you saying I'm old fashioned?" I admit I was fishing. One of the things I really wanted to know, and from Tristan's own mouth, was 'why me?' I've never considered myself anything but average in the looks department and maybe a B+ intellectually. Nothing in my background suggested anything but ordinary. And yet here I was, on a private jet, flying to who-knows-where with one of the most secretive and successful investment gurus in the world. I think that gave me a perfect right to want to know why.

"I wouldn't use the world 'old-fashioned'. You're just very different from ninety-nine percent of the women I've ever known. You're innocent, without being naive. Your passion for your family and your friends is genuine and admirable. In a world of whores, you aren't for sale."

I arched my eyebrow at him. I very much felt that I was, at least in part, being bought at that very moment. The trip, the clothes, even his help for my parents all seemed to obligate me to him.

"I know what you're thinking and that's just not the way I see it at all. When I say whores, I don't just mean the women--they're just the more obvious. Men whore all the time. In my business, someone offers to sell me his soul for a few pieces of silver every day." He took my hand and held my gaze. "You have accepted my gifts as what they are. Gifts. I told you in the beginning that there were things I'm simply not going to be able to fulfill for you."

"Expectations." It had become a sad word.

"Exactly. Can I be blamed if I try to compensate for what I lack with that which I have in abundance?"

"I don't blame you ... I just wish ..."

"I know what you wish. And perhaps a part of me wishes it too. But what I'm asking you to give me is time. I can see that you wear your heart on your sleeve."

I turned my face from him and he turned it back. "And that's one of the most wonderful parts of you. There isn't an ounce of deception in you. And that," he kissed me softly, "is what makes you a lover beyond compare."

He held me close and possessed me with his mouth, melting me into him. "When your body is mine, it is mine so completely it astounds me. You hold nothing back. You give yourself over to pleasure and passion in a way that makes me feel powerful."

"But, Tristan, you are powerful. Why would you need me to affirm that?"

"There are different kinds of power. Money is only one kind. Emotion is another entirely different kind."

"So what you're saying is that you're long on money and I'm long on emotion?" I said it with a smile, but I was only partially joking.

He chuckled in return. "That's a rather harsh way of putting it. Did I mention bluntness as part of your charm?" He pulled me across his lap and held my head against his chest. I think he didn't want me to see his eyes. "Take what I have to give you. Give me your truth."

Risk and return. That was his life, after all. He hadn't asked me to love him. We'd never used the word. But that's what he wanted from me all the same. He wanted my love and he wanted to buy his way out of reciprocating. And yet there were so many ways I could read his ... care for me. He had protected my parents. He had spent a great deal of thought putting this trip of ours together. Quite simply put: here I was.

He smelled pure and the comfort of his chest moving up and down against my head was a lullaby. I didn't want to continue to analyze. I was willing to put aside expectations for the here and now. If the moment was all I had, I was going to seize it.

Pulling him to his feet, I led him back to the bedroom. We had this time and I would cherish it. I turned back the covers on the bed and stood in front of him inviting him to possess me in any way he desired. Tristan stepped toward me and put his hands at the collar of my robe and pushed it away from my shoulders. A pool of red velvet slid down my legs in a soft wave to my feet.

He spread his fingers apart and grazed his hands down around my breasts, along the curve of my waist, over my hips and behind me to the globes of my ass. My flesh bloomed under his touch, my nerves stretching under my skin to meet his caress. We had stayed apart for long days and long nights to keep me and my parents from harm's way. It was an agonizing eternity being in one another's company and staying apart. Now, we were completely alone, 30,000 feet above the earth and no one could see us. No one knew where we were.

He pulled me against him, pressing my hips into his. As his robe parted I felt the hard flesh of his cock against my belly. I accepted his desire for me, remembering his words. Through my yielding response he drew power. I would give myself over to him, believing that his body spoke in ways his words could not.

Tristan lowered me onto my back on the bed and dropped his wrap to the floor. The light in the room cast glowing highlights on his smooth skin and accentuated the definition of his subtly athletic build. I loved to watch his muscles move under his golden skin. Having his utter maleness towering over me was enough to spark the chain reaction of my body's lust. First I felt the warmth seep into my chest, then my nipples tightened and reached for him. The fire spread down my belly and fanned the flames inside my core, calling my clit into high alert. A fountain of warm wetness made ready to receive him.

"I don't think I tell you enough how beautiful you are." His eyes traveled over my body as if it was his whole world. "You remind me of ... I don't know, maybe a fawn, or a colt. So natural and pure."

Take one average girl like me and put her on a mile-high bed with a textbook specimen of a gorgeous man, add lots of pampering and top it all with a compliment like that and you have a recipe for 'wow'. I was speechless. Please, oh please, don't ever come up for air. Whatever spell I've accidentally cast on you, please don't let it wear off.

Tristan took his place beside me on the big bed and stroked my side as I faced him. He started to kiss me, softly at first. Just glancing his lips over mine so that I could feel his soft lips and taste his minty tongue. His face was shaved baby-bottom smooth and his cologne was fresh and spicy in my nose. I murmured my appreciation into his mouth. Tongue to tongue we fueled our hunger with restrained urgency, neither of us wanting to hurry the moment.

Our hands strayed down each others' sides. Tristan's skin was smooth--perfect. I traced the muscles in his chest and twirled the soft curls of hair on his chest before I followed the golden line down his flat torso. He groaned when I twined my fingers in the silky bush of hair around the base of his shaft and lightly traced the side of his penis up toward the head. I ran my finger around the edge of his glans and over the tiny slit at the end. I found a warm drop waiting for me there and caught it on my fingertip. Bringing it to my mouth, I glossed my lips with it and kissed him. I felt him pull a deep breath as he tasted himself, as if the intimacy of it took his breath away.

He reached over the side of the bed to the floor and pulled the satin sash from my robe. There was a silk tassel on the end of the sash that he began to trail over my skin. It was a tickling sensation that raised goose bumps on my skin. "Have you ever been fucked blindfolded?" he asked me.

Before I could answer 'no' he continued. "Have you ever wondered what it was like to have the sense of sight deprived while a cock is smashing into your sweet, dripping pussy?"

Dear God, the words he could use so casually! I wasn't just hearing his hot questions, I was feeling each one deep inside the most primal part of my brain.

He dragged the tassel down my legs and pulled it over my clean shaven mons. I felt the threads cross my erect clit and one or two caught in the moisture of my cleft before he tugged it free. He raised himself over me, knees on either side of my hips and rocked the sash over my chest, the tassel swaying like a pendulum from one nipple to the other.

"I'm going to wrap this around your head and block your sight. Then I am going to tease you and play with your naked, succulent body until you beg me to fuck you. I want to hear you tell me how much you want it." He put the satin over my eyes and lifted my head from the pillow so he could bring the belt around again. I felt him tie the material at the side of my head. If I opened my eyes under the blindfold, all I saw was a red glow.

He gave me a deep, bruising kiss and began his journey down my body. I was already so excited I could easily have taken him there and then. But it was clear that wasn't his plan. I was faintly aware of the hum of the engines at first until his noises and his voice became the only sounds worth hearing. He nuzzled my neck with his nose and inhaled the perfume I had dabbled there. "Les Larmes Sacrees de Thebes," he whispered at my throat. "Do you know what that means?"

I shook my head.

"The Sacred Tears of Thebes. As far as I know, the phrase didn't exist until the house of Baccarat made it up for that perfume." He licked the hollow of my throat. "I would like to earn more of your sacred tears."

He remembered. The single tear of pure ecstasy that escaped my eye once before. I had come with such force it took me to a place where my emotion just welled from me, impossible to contain. It was at Brian's, when he had commanded me to masturbate myself to orgasm as he watched. I had let him into a secret place and the whole experience had overwhelmed me. It was only the beginning.

Tristan lingered at my breasts. I didn't know if it was because I couldn't see him or if he was exaggerating the sound, but he slurped at them noisily and made sounds as if he was devouring a delicious meal. He sucked on one while he twisted the other. When he pulled his mouth away he kept sucking until my nipple left his mouth with an audible pop. Before he left my chest he took each breast in turn and, holding on with one hand, he slapped with the other. The sting and the sound combined in an exquisite combination of sensory overload. My nipples contracted in tiny angry fists and he flicked them each once with his tongue as he headed south.

When he came to my navel, he poked his tongue deep into me. It was an odd sensation. He made his tongue rigid enough to trigger that feeling of attachment inside. I squirmed a little, I've never really liked having my belly button poked. He laughed and buzzed into me again. I tried to turn my waist so he'd move away.

"Ah ... a weak spot. We'll save that for later," he chuckled. Then he blew a big raspberry onto my belly until I laughed hard. I was beginning to see that sex with Tristan could take many forms. He could blend the serious, the dominant, the gentle, and even the funny aspects of passion all in one compelling package.

He skipped over my pussy on his way to my legs, as I thought he would. Before that part of me got any attention, he seemed determined to explore every other square inch of me. He nibbled at my inner thighs, alternating kisses, sucking and nipping bites to the tender flesh. I couldn't help but grab a handful of his hair and try to nudge him up toward my sex.

Pushing my hand away from him, he said, "I think you're not quite ready yet. We have so much territory to cover."

His mouth found the back of my knees and I moaned with the pleasure of his attention on them. The blindfold kept me guessing as he repositioned himself. Then I felt him place each of my calves across his thighs. He was sitting cross-legged at the foot of the bed.

He began a slow foot massage on one of my feet. Rolling both of his thumbs against my instep and up over the ball of my foot gave me a wonderful feeling. When he pulled my foot closer to his face, I could feel his breath close to my toes. Suddenly, I felt his tongue snake between my big toe and my second toe. I didn't know what to feel! He moved to the space between the second and third. God it felt divine. I never realized how sensitive my foot was. I didn't want to groan. Something in me was saying "No, no. That's kinky stuff, weirdness. You should not enjoy this so much." But I did enjoy it. A lot.

"Oh dear God, Tristan. That feels so, so good." Maybe it was better that I didn't see his mouth on my foot, maybe it was easier to let him do these things when I couldn't see.

Tristan just murmured and ran his tongue down my instep before he took the other one up for its share of attention. By the time he was done with my feet, I was writhing against the mattress ready to yank the man up between my legs by his ears.

I felt him shift again as his legs went out behind him and he kissed his way back up my legs. His broad shoulders burrowed under my thighs as he began to nuzzle around my pussy. I could feel how swollen I was. The petal folds were plump with arousal and my clit was quivering, engorged, needy. Tristan kissed into the place just where my body meets my leg. He took his mouth and pressured the skin just next to the lips. Then he took the lips in turn and kissed and sucked on them, too.

I was dying to have him take my clit in his mouth. I was so turned on by this time that I was sure it would be a matter of 1, 2, 3 and I'd be blasting off into a sonic boom of an orgasm. But he just kept working the edges, swelling the swollen even more. Occasionally, he would flick my throbbing erection with his tongue or pause to suck it into his mouth but he didn't apply any pressure or begin any rhythm.

I began to whimper with need. "Please, please ..." I thrashed my head from side to side, suddenly more aware than ever that I couldn't see him or what he was doing to me.

"Please what, my sweet, tasty Raina?" he asked from between my legs.

"Fuck me Tristan, now. Enter me. I can't wait any longer."

"I think you can."

He started to work on my clit, but too slowly and softly to push me over. I tried to grind myself into him harder, to get the pressure I wanted, but he deflected my effort.

"Tristan, please. You're driving me crazy."

"Tell me."

I could hear the huskiness in his voice. I knew my arousal pleased him. I knew that, if I could see his eyes, they would be half-hooded and clouded with desire for me. "Now. I want your cock in me. I don't want to wait to fuck you. Now!"

"Listen to yourself," he whispered in my ear as he positioned his body over mine. "Listen to what a demanding horny bitch you've become, my Queen." He growled with special emphasis on the 'horny bitch' part and returned to pure honey on 'my Queen'. I loved the sound of that--Tristan King's queen.

His cock was just at my entrance and he moved his hips so that the head slid back and forth over my slick folds. I opened my legs wide and urged him into me. He filled me with a slow smooth thrust. The pure sensation of joining body to body, engulfed us both.

Moving ever so slowly, Tristan began to stroke inside me. He positioned himself high against my pubic bone, over me, rather than deep within me. I wrapped my legs around him and rocked against him.

"That's the way, concentrate on getting that clit massaged ..."

The base of his cock and the angle of his bone against mine had zeroed in on my needy erection perfectly. I began to push back against him each time he reached the apex of his shallow stroke. He breathed encouragement to me.

"It's all yours, baby. Your cock, for just your pleasure. Show me how good it feels."

There was nothing but his voice and the quivering, reaching desire of our bodies. I gripped his shoulders hard and bore up against him. He was still moving in a languid rhythm but the way his cock was hitting me drove me closer and closer to orgasm. When I came, it was with a series of long, long spasms that went on forever. The pleasure diffused through my body. Instead of being sharp, it was encompassing, everything in me seemed engulfed with pure, crystalline pleasure. It ended with small shuddering sobs. I felt the tears behind the sash, wetting the edges. He pulled the satin blindfold away and kissed my eyelids.

"The sacred tears of Raina. You gave them to me."

I sniffed a little sniff and smiled into his handsome face. "A gift gladly given. Oh, Tristan, such pleasure ..."

He shifted his weight slightly and started to move again.

"It's your turn now," I told him as I angled my hips so that he could fill me with his full length, deeply, up to the very mouth of my womb. I held the backs of my knees open and urged him with my body and my words to come.

"Now, fuck me hard. I want it hard and I want to feel you take what's yours."

"Oh, baby, that's it ... tell me."

"Hard, Tristan, slam your beautiful cock into me ... into my cunt." I watched his face as I spoke. Saying the forbidden words brought him to the tipping point. I could see it in the contortion of his face as he threw his head back and held himself deep within me. He moved only slightly as he emptied himself into me. My body had just been so, so well satisfied and now I had the other, equally beautiful pleasure of having his satisfaction poured into me.

He stayed on top of me for a moment or two. My arms slowly relaxed away from their tight grip on his shoulders and my legs slipped away from his waist. His cock shrunk into satisfied slumber and soon we joined it, twined around each other as the jet moved closer to its mystery destination.

Two

The pilot must have relaxed the rules (or been ordered to) because I awoke in bed to the sound and feeling of the plane landing. Tristan awoke also and told me just to sleep on if I wanted to.

"It was only a six hour flight. Get your beauty rest. We can stay on the plane as long as you like."

It didn't take a lot of persuading for me to snuggle back against him and enjoy the sensation. It was the first time we had actually slept together. No matter what adventure he had planned for us, nothing was nearly as compelling at that moment as resting in the shelter of his arms. I turned onto my side and let the comfort of his body spooning against me lull me into a dreamless sleep.

He was gone when I woke up the next time. I shimmied over to his side of the bed and buried my face into his pillow. I could smell the faintest trace of him lingering there.

My robe was once again draped over the foot of the bed with the sash threaded through the loops at the waist. I smiled as I tied the satin belt around me recalling the role it had played in our bed the night before.

I found Tristan in the dining area of the plane when I emerged from the master suite. He was also back in his robe and was tending to the table. He had set our places and there was a silver coffee service waiting on the counter.

"Normally, I'd have a steward to take care of all this," he said sweeping his hand at the table, "but I wanted us to have complete privacy, at least until we began our little vacation. Then, all bets are off."

"Are you going to tell me where we are?" The window screens had been raised but when I looked out all I saw was the inside of a hanger. Nothing there gave me a clue as to where we had landed after our six hour flight.

"Beziers Cap d'Agde Airport is our precise location," he pronounced--as if that meant something to me. I had to have him repeat the name a couple of times before it stuck. He said it with a perfect French accent that nearly made me slide off my feet.

"Great. Am I safe in assuming we're somewhere in France?"

"Oui."

So far so good. I had been to France on my college backpack tour. Mostly I remembered the museums in Paris, the train ride to Arles and Avignon and expensive damn everything. It was going to be an entirely new experience to see the country from a different perspective.

"We're going to have breakfast and then we'll be on our way. Because out there," He pointed outside, "it's already lunch time." He motioned for me to sit down at the table. I poured myself a cup of coffee that smelled faintly of chocolate and almonds and doused it with a healthy dose of sugar and thick cream.

"I figured you for a 'coffee as dessert' kind of girl."

"Too true. Coffee is only a vehicle to deliver the sweet and the fat."

"You never drank coffee at all at the theater."

"How observant. You're right, I don't drink it at night. Keeps me up." I continued to be amazed and flattered that Tristan made note of the smallest details about me. Right down to the fact that I'd be the type to dig a girlie flavored coffee.

"The bakery delivered these this morning." There was a basket of warm breads--pain du chocolate, small salted hard rolls, and something with whole apricots that looked outstanding. "And you'll never taste better butter than this." Dipping his finger into the clay ramekin, he brought the buttered tip to my mouth and I licked it off. He was right, it was so far ahead of any butter I'd ever tasted that it shouldn't have borne the same name. His finger lingered on my lips and traced around the sensitive edges. I gave a small sigh of pleasure, both for the taste and for the touch.

He picked up one of the hard rolls and broke it in two. He slathered butter on one half for me and on the other for himself. He served us omelets with ham and cheese and hot fruit compote made with cherries, figs and hazelnuts.

"I have a feeling that food is going to be a key element in this trip. Am I right?"

"My darling, there is no point in eating swill when you can eat ambrosia." He took a mouthful of omelet and tasted it carefully. "This, for example, is pre-prepared airplane food. It was made yesterday and reheated this morning. If you were flying commercial, it would taste like over salted shit. However, made with real Emmental, Iberian ham and Amish farmed eggs it's actually worth eating. My chef takes special care not to over season, but you'll find the fresh herbs add far more flavor." He took another bite and chewed thoughtfully. "Did you know that your sense of taste is diminished at high altitudes?"

"No," I mumbled as I tucked into the omelet with new found respect, "I didn't."

"Sadly, yes. Your delicate flavor, for example, was way too subdued when I dined on you last night." He flashed me his devil grin.

I flushed at the reminder. My body came to life so easily at his every suggestion. The things he said to me! Other men might mention 'good sex' or 'fantastic climax' but Tristan chose to recall my taste in his mouth.

We finished our omelets and he picked up my fruit cup and silently fed me. He held my eyes as the sweet tart taste filled my mouth. "Oh, god, that's too good," I told him. He seemed to get a big kick out of feeding me. I didn't mind at all. It was very sexy to have a man take such interest in my pleasure. He appeared determined to explore every sensual outlet I had. I was game.

***

I chose to wear pale peach shorts, pretty cream colored sandals and a cotton sleeveless sweater with a peach, rose and aqua weave. The sweater had a matching cardigan that I looped over my shoulders. The underwear I had to choose from stunned me. I wound up just choosing a random set, in white. Everything fit perfectly and felt like a billion bucks.

I twirled in the full length mirror. Very Berkshire Hills. Very sophisticated. Very grown up. I chose to twist my hair into a loose chignon at the base of my neck rather than leave it free. That added to the classy look.

There was a car waiting for us right outside the hanger. I was not surprised to see Kwan waiting to open the door for us to climb in.

"Hi Kwan," I smiled. "Were you on board the flight?" I wondered where Tristan had hidden his bodyguard.

"Ah, Miss Raina. Good morning." He gave me a big grin. After our fashion expedition, the coldness I felt in the beginning had completely disappeared. "Actually, I was the co-pilot. I told you I wear many hats."

"You are very talented. I wanted to thank you for helping set up my parents' security. My mother really took a shine to you. I think it made a big difference in how comfortable she felt with the whole thing."

"She and your father are in excellent hands. I know the two guys protecting them. I'd trust them with my life. We installed a state-of-the-art alarm system. And you mother told me you'd approve of the street level window bars."

"I've been asking them to do that for years."

"You should know that I am in frequent contact with the house. So, no worries."

I felt ashamed that I had not, in fact, been at all worried. I'd been so distracted and entertained by my mystery trip with my dream man that my poor parents' plight had more or less vanished from my mind. Now it was back.

Tristan must have seen the look of concern cross my face. "We have everything under control. Kwan's security is impeccable and Archie is moving right along in gathering the evidence we need to put the thugs behind bars for a very long time."

"But the men who want to 'make an example'--your words, Tristan--out of my father are still out there. And now my parents are back in Park Slope ..." I guess I kind of whined the last words. I saw Tristan shoot Kwan a look I was glad wasn't meant for me as he guided me into the back of the car.

"We can't make a move until everything is in place. Please try to trust me, Raina." He patted my knee paternalistically. I half expected him to say 'there, there'. Funny how even under that circumstance the warmth of his hand went right to my core.

The car I climbed into had only two white leather reclining seats in the back. Kwan took his place in the fully enclosed chauffer's compartment in front of us. I looked up to see the top above our heads open noiselessly to the clear blue sky.

Once again, my curiosity got the better of me. The car was like nothing I had ever seen. Even the Maserati 'Batmobile' back in the Hills was at least recognizable as a sort of sedan. This vehicle was specifically designed for a chauffeur and one or two passengers. It reminded me of a space age hansom cab. "Tristan, what the hell are we riding in?"

"Maybach Landaulet," he answered, obviously way too pleased that I had asked. "Very limited production. It's just the perfect car for the South of France."

We zipped along through a fairly modern town, at least by French standards. Soon the Mediterranean came into view and we hugged the coast passing white sand beach after white sand beach.

"This is the town of Agde. I brought you here because it is probably the world's largest naturist place in the world. At the height of the season, there are almost 40,000 naked people in the naturist village part of Cap d'Agde. It isn't a place to linger long, but once in a while it makes for an interesting experience."

I was at a loss. I wondered what was expected of me.

"I thought it would be good for you to discover how liberating it can be to enjoy the sun, a meal or a drink, even a little shopping wearing nothing but your beautiful skin," Tristan said matter-of-factly as if he were proposing we take a pleasant hike or a dip in a pretty lake.

We arrived at a marina and Kwan pulled up beside a yacht. King's Risk looked huge to me. It was easily the largest private boat I'd ever seen in person.

"I can't stand the actual hotels here at Cap d'Agde. About the only thing I can say about them is that they're clean. So, we'll stay on King's Risk. I keep her exclusively in the Med. She's a sweet little boat--perfect for a small sea like the Mediterranean."

"Little boat?"

"This boat isn't even considered a mega-yacht. She's only a hundred and twenty feet. I've never been much of a boat person, really. If we get a wild hair to sail around the world in style, there's always charter."

Did he know what it did to my insides when he threw out a casual 'we' like that? Everything else receded while my brain took a time out to sing 'he said we! he said we! he said we!'.

We got out of the car and I was welcomed aboard the boat by Captain Shane, a nice looking guy from Palm Beach, Florida. The steward, Carlos, escorted us to a deck space encircled by leather cushioned seats. There was a bucket of champagne and glasses waiting for us there. Carlos popped the cork and left us.

I cleared my throat. "So, uhm, we're here to 'experience' a nude beach?"

"Not just any nude beach. And not just a beach, either. This may be the only place in the world where you can go to a bank, buy groceries or have your hair cut in the buff."

I had to laugh out loud at the image of a naked barber shearing Tristan's locks. But it was a bit of a nervous laugh.

"You're game aren't you? I mean it isn't as if you're the only naked person around. Just you, me and thousands of others." If his boyish grin was meant to be persuasive, it worked.

I was ready to do anything to please this man, even if it meant shedding my clothes in front of thousands of strangers. I told him as much. "If it makes you happy to see people staring at me ..."

"Oh don't be ridiculous. The whole point is no one is going to stare at you. We're all naked. There are families on that beach--with little kids." My eyes widened at that statement. "Unless you go to the adults only section, it's all pretty tame. Seniors, kids, fat, young, beautiful, skinny, scarred, natural and un. They're all there."

Tame, just naked tame. I'd been skinny dipping at a couple of lifeguard parties. That wasn't terrible. Of course, it was in the dark and it was all people I worked with and saw in bathing suits every day. How bad could that be?

But hundreds of strangers seemed a lot different.

Three

We spent the evening in the clothed part of Cap d'Agde. L'Ami Louis was a tiny restaurant just a block from the marina. It had a lovely view of the sea and the food couldn't have been better. I had my first taste of foie gras and in spite of my initial reservations; I wound up absolutely gobbling it down.

"Tristan," I had objected, "I hate liver. Liver in any form is disgusting. I've tried it many ways. People have twisted my arm over the years telling me how good this liver or that liver is and the bottom line is that it all tastes like liver. Bleh."

He promised that he would service my body in any way I desired if I would only give the poor fatted goose's organ a chance. Even though I knew that wasn't much of a promise considering that he'd do that anyway I made him promise to suck my toes while he fucked me senseless.

"That will demand a good bit of flexibility on your part, but if you can manage, I'll happily comply. Now try the liver."

The foie gras had been lightly sauteed and served on a simply dressed bed of greens. I took a timid bite. The liver melted like a chocolate truffle against the roof of my mouth. "Oh God. It tastes like a slab of fried butter. Now I see what all the fuss is about."

"Now say, 'I'm sorry Tristan, I'll never doubt you again'"

"I'm sorry Tristan. I'll never doubt you again."

"That's more like it." He reached across the table and stroked one and then the other cheek with the back of his cool fingers. "Have I told you how beautiful, how superbly and utterly desirable you look tonight?"

I had chosen a little red dress, just a slip, really and a pair of barely there but mile high sandals encrusted all over with crystals. I recognized the signature red soles and knew I was wearing Christian Louboutin again. We were becoming old friends.

I brushed my hair 'til it shone and pinned it back on one side with a crystal encrusted comb I had found in a box in my closet on board the King's Risk. All of the clothes that had been on the airplane magically appeared in the master stateroom on the yacht with some new additions. The accessory box was one of them. There were several pairs of earrings including a pair of large heart-shaped red crystals set around with smaller clear ones. They matched perfectly and had to have been chosen with the dress in mind. Tristan's personal shopper was extremely good at the job.

"I knew red was going to be one of the colors I liked best on you. Your hair picks up the warm tone so nicely. You were wrapped like an elegant Valentine last night. Did you enjoy the blindfold, my sweet Queen?"

As he asked, he trailed his hand down my chest and back and forth across my nipple. It immediately sprang to life. I stuttered a breathless "yes" as he crossed my chest to make both nipples match. Then he drew his hand up to my throat and tickled softly at my neck.

"I had debated about the ruby necklace, but I see that I made the right decision. Much as I think you deserve to be dripping in jewels, this," he said as he slid his fingers against my flesh, "swan's neck needs no decoration."

My hand shot up to my earlobe in the realization that I was wearing a couple of rubies the size of dimes. I'm sure my eyes grew wider even as I made a huge effort to appear nonchalant. I nervously repositioned the crystal comb behind my ear with the realization that it, too, might be more than just a costume ornament.

"You can thank Kwan for that. I told him to find some unique things that might suit you. He's a ridiculous shop-a-holic. Carte blanche and an internet connection and he's off to the races. But I have to admit he's good at it."

"I'll have to thank him. It's very unique." I took a sip of my wine. "Of course, pretty much everything since the day we met has been unique."

Kwan followed behind us as we strolled back to the boat under the stars. It's a damn good thing it was only a block. As pretty as my sandals were, they were strictly made for standing around looking good, not walking an uneven sidewalk. I held on to Tristan's arm as much for balance as for the romance of walking arm in arm.

King's Risk rocked gently in her slip, softly lit by dozens of small brass lanterns hung all around the decks. The lights gave off a soft amber glow that invited us to sit and relax on deck. The night was cool and our body clocks made it seem early.

The steward brought Tristan's favorite--his snifters and a bottle of Armagnac.

"Care for some?"

"I'm so full I don't think I have anywhere to put another drop of anything." I relaxed against the soft white cushions and watched the waning activity in the marina. Here and there I heard the tinkle of laughter or a bit of conversation but otherwise the only sound was the slap-slap of small waves against the boat's hull.

Tristan poured a modest dram of the brandy in a snifter and held it to his nose. "Let's just share a sip, then." Not for the first time I noticed how perfectly formed his features were. I read somewhere that the most beautiful faces are the ones that are the most symmetrical. I was willing to bet that if you sliced pictures of Tristan's face right down the center and pasted like sides together the results would be identical.

His nose was delicate and masculine at the same time. It might have been a rather sharp nose in any other face. But on him, bisecting his high cheekbones and the hollows beneath them; ending exactly at the indentation above his generous lips, it was the only nose for such a face.

He held the snifter to my lips and I took a small sip. I leaned my head back against the headrest and closed my eyes. The complex flavor and gentle burn of the liquor infused my mouth and warmed my throat.

I could feel Tristan move closer to me but I didn't open my eyes. I allowed myself to simply feel him moving toward my face and waited for the softness of his lips against mine. He took my lower lip in his and pulled it sweetly between his teeth. Then he pressed his mouth into mine and found my tongue. He traced across my teeth and around the "O" that formed from my desire.

Kisses landed like embers against my temples, my chin, my neck. He took my earlobe between his teeth and I heard the scrape of ruby against the pearls of his teeth as he nibbled at me there. I felt chills as his warm breath hissed into my ear and he whispered sweet salty words to set me ablaze.

"Every part of you is worthy of worship. Even your little ear--a delicate pink shell. The ruby is honored just by piercing you." He bit down, hard, and I cried out. "I'm going to pierce you too. My cock will own you, and nothing else will matter to you except me--hard and hot--between your thighs."

I could barely exhale a groan.

"How will I fuck you tonight, my Queen? Is there an unspoken fantasy I can bring to life? Is there something you conjure when your delicate hand privately works your exquisite clit?" At that he reached between my legs and clutched my pussy.

"Oh God, Tristan ..." I was so in heat it was insane. I didn't need fantasy or magic thoughts when Tristan's hand was right there. What I needed was him, inside me. "All I want ... just ..."

"Say it."

"Fuck me now. Hard, fast. Just take me." The whole evening had been foreplay. What I wanted was to be full of the man.

I expected him to lead me to the stateroom. Instead, he stood me up and pulled my panties down to my feet. I kicked them aside and watched as he unbuckled, unzipped and freed his erection in seconds. He sat back against the cushions. The soft lantern light shone on the shiny smooth skin of his cockhead, already wet with desire. I'd never considered a penis a thing of beauty, but Tristan had a way of changing my way of thinking about a lot of things.

I couldn't decide whether to take him in my mouth first or simply straddle him. He read my indecision. "Ride me, just the way you know you want to ..."

The thought crossed my mind that there were other people on board King's Risk and other boats in the marina possibly with people on deck who could see us. In the end, it didn't matter. I had to have him. I straddled his lap and he slid into me instantly. His kisses and his words were all it took to bring me to that blissful state where I was hot and wet with need.

I rocked against him slowly at first, just savoring being full of Tristan's thick, hard dick. Soon urgency overtook me and my body began to fold into itself like some origami figure taking shape as it grew smaller and more intricate with each crease.

His held my hips in his hands but only to balance me. This was my ride, my turn to control the pace. Somehow the complete permission to selfishly take my pleasure from his body made me want to please him more. I began to contract the muscles inside me with each inward stroke tightening myself around him as hard as I could manage.

"That feels amazing ... fuck ... I didn't know you could do that." His eyes, which had been open and watching me, closed and his head dropped back against the cushion. "Don't stop ... don't ever stop."

I was happy that concentrating on giving to him had slowed my rocket paced arousal. I wanted him to come with me and I wanted him to come hard. "Nothing could stop me from wanting you, Tristan. Nothing."

He lifted his head back up and drew my face toward his. Our kiss matched the rhythm of the intense languid motion of our hips. Each thrust seemed deeper than the last and with each squeeze of my pussy he seemed to grow harder and thicker inside me. He started to groan in earnest and with each sound, my desire grew and my body's need pressed harder.

Sensing that he was at the point of no return, I began to buck furiously against him, grinding my clit into his bone each time his cock reached its deepest point. Abandoning myself to the sensation was my only option once I felt my body tense with the inevitability of climax. He could sense it and began to murmur "yes, yes, yes" as his own release overcame him. He slammed my hips against his just as I started to contract. I pressed my clit hard onto him, pushing my hands down on his shoulders as my back arched. My orgasm gripped his exploding cock and drank the hot jets he pumped into me. Oh sweet heaven, what a union. This man. This man. This man.

We sat, joined and panting. My head on his shoulder, his arms around my waist.

"Oh what you do to me ... you ... you," he sighed. "You make me feel so fucking alive."

***

"It's still early in the States, right?" We were nearly ready to turn off the lights and snuggle ourselves to sleep when I had a sudden flash of worry about my parents. "I'd like to phone home."

"No problem," Tristan answered as he handed me his cell phone. "Please give them my regards." He got up out of bed.

"You needn't leave the room. I just want to check in on them." There wasn't anything he couldn't hear, but I found his gesture thoughtful anyway. He was unfailingly polite.

"Are you going to tell them where we are?" he grinned at me.

"Only partially. I know my parents already think the world of you but ..."

"And you? Do you think the world of me?"

I had already dialed their number when he asked. I would very much have liked to tell him what I thought of him, but I had to settle for a nod of my head because Mom answered on the first ring.

"Hi Tristan," she said brightly. She probably programmed his number in her phone weeks ago.

"No, Mom, it's me. How is everything?"

"Everything's good, very quiet. Your father is itching to go back to work."

"Is that a good idea?"

"Well, Archie told us that the two creeps who beat Dad up are back in Chicago, at their union headquarters. With them gone and the two bodyguards with us, I can't imagine any trouble."

"Probably not."

"Besides, you father is going to drive me utterly insane. I am seriously worried about what I'm going to do when it's time for him to retire."

"I hear ya, Mom."

"So, where has he taken you?"

To the moon, to the stars, to heaven. "We're in France. Private jet, big yacht. The whole nine yards."

"It sounds wonderful. You're a lucky girl." It was odd to hear my mother say something like that. Normally she would have registered at least token disapproval. Most of the time it was easy for Mom to pretend that I was as celibate as a nun. Because most of the time I was. The few times that she had to acknowledge I was screwing some guy, she did so reluctantly. It was as if her motherly duty was to at least pay lip service to the moral code she had done a half-assed job of instilling in me. But this time, with Tristan, she seemed to approve, if not actually celebrate my misbehavior.

Was it the money? Did the thought of her daughter hooking up with a billionaire miraculously change her standards? As soon as I had those thoughts I felt ashamed of myself. No man--no boy, really--had ever so much as considered my parents. The few times I'd brought a guy home to meet them it was as if they were doing me a favor to even be there. Frankly, even I found the guys of my generation rude.

Now here comes Tristan, only seven or eight years older than I and he's like a knight in shining armor. No one asked him to step in and take charge. He could have easily ignored my parents' situation and I wouldn't have even noticed. But he didn't and in doing what he did may very well have saved my father's life. No wonder Mom was so infatuated with him. Who could blame her?

Who could blame me?

Four

We left the dock early the next morning. Tristan explained that we'd anchor off shore and take the little rubber dingy into the beach.

"You really don't want to stand in line for an hour waiting to get into the village," he told me. "Fortunately, it's September. I've never been here in August, but I'm told it's a real zoo. Most of Europe takes the entire month off."

We zipped close into shore and Kwan stopped the boat Tristan jumped into the water with a waterproof bag and I followed him. He told Kwan that we'd call when we were ready to be picked up. I watched the dingy disappear quickly toward the far end of the sands.

Paddling toward the sand at a leisurely pace, we used the waterproof bag as a float. I watched Tristan reach under the surface and wiggle himself out of his bathing suit.

"Is there a rule...I mean about being naked?"

"You're asking whether you're required to be in the buff?"

"Yes."

"I don't think there's a rule, per se. You'd just get some dirty looks--and not in a nice way. Naturists don't appreciate gawkers and that's what is assumed if a clothed person shows up on a nude beach, but mostly that applies to guys. You can certainly keep your bottoms on. Women often do, especially if they have their period."

"I think I'll start with that." I untied my top and slung it over the floating bag.

"Suit yourself. This isn't a test. We're here to have fun and be liberated. Just swimming naked like this feels great to me. I hate wearing a bathing suit. Especially when there's any hint of sand involved." He smiled and did a surface dive. I watched his tight ass crest the water and disappear for a moment.

"You'd better slather on the sunscreen on that butt of yours. It's as white as snow," I said when he came up for air.

"Oh, don't worry, there's plenty in the bag. And I'm looking forward to you making sure I'm well protected all over."

Tristan was absolutely right about the beach. As soon as we stepped out of the water I realized what the whole point was. At first I felt self-consciously beautiful. That was weird. I, who had never thought of myself as particularly stunning, stood in the bright sunshine with the breeze on my breasts and felt utterly gorgeous.

All around me, as Tristan had forewarned, there were human beings in every shape and size imaginable. There were many who were well past their prime. There were plenty who needed to drop ten pounds, or fifty. There was a smattering of skinny kids not yet in school and a fair number of young people, like us, slim and shapely. There were lots of smiles and I swear no one even looked at my chest.

Nakedness is a great equalizer. It took all of fifteen minutes for me to accept that no one was the least bit impressed or shocked by my appearance one way or the other. I quickly shed the bottom half of my suit as Tristan went to get an umbrella and a couple of lounge chairs from the rental kiosk. He returned to find me coating myself with lotion oblivious to anything but the best angle for our chairs.

"Feels great, doesn't it?" he asked me when we were settled into our spot. We spent the rest of the afternoon people watching. I guess it was my newness to it all, but I couldn't help but size up the genitals of the people walking by. It's hard to describe how something can be very sexual and utterly not at the same time. I saw more penises and pussies in a few hours than I might ever see again for the rest of my life. Without staring rudely, it was still possible to take in the endless variation in human anatomy. I suppose if our society covered hands as a rule, I'd have been noticing hands.

"I now realize that you are as well endowed as I thought you were."

"Was there ever any doubt?" Tristan looked down at his cock in mock dismay. "I thought you worshipped the mighty King's sword!"

"That goes without saying, of course. It's just that I've never had the chance to compare ... so many all at once."

"One thing you'll notice right away is that a man's penis size is inversely related to the size of his gut. The bigger the belly, the smaller the dick."

I had to suppress my giggles from that moment on every time a fat man walked by. Maybe it was an optical illusion, but he was absolutely right about the correlation.

We played "spot the fake tits". Tristan assured me that he had firsthand experience with both kinds and could almost always spot store-bought boobs. There were some nicely done sets of knockers, I have to admit. But he told me to watch what happened when a fake set went vertical versus the real thing. It didn't take me long to become an expert. Another dead giveaway was an unnaturally pert bosom on a lady who should have been sagging. Not that I blamed the old gals.

It humbled me to see how age takes its toll on the flesh. I watched the older men, some still in very good shape and glanced over at the Adonis beside me. Tristan had his eyes closed. His body was nicely tanned, except for the pale pair of skin shorts his nakedness wore. I watched the rise and fall of his hard chest, the golden hair glistening with suntan lotion, pectoral muscles untouched by gravity, skin unblemished by the spots of age. His long, lean legs were comfortably parted, his cock flaccid against his thigh, a flat abdomen above it. He was all youth and all prime.

A lump rose in my throat when I realized that I still wanted to know him when his posture was a little less straight, when his muscles showed a lifetime of use, when his golden snatch of hair was streaked with gray. I knew I could feel about him then just as I did at that moment. Even in my mind, I didn't dare put a name to it. It was too scary to admit, even to myself, that I was falling in love with a man who had told me repeatedly that there could be no expectations. Love is nothing but expectations and on a very grand scale.

When Tristan opened his eyes, I think I surprised him by suggesting we take a walk. I wanted to distract myself from too many heavy thoughts. Naked window shopping seemed to be as good a distraction as any.

"Wasn't I right when I told you the whole 'naked in public' thing would fade fast?"

"You were absolutely right. It actually feels more innocent to be this way than if everyone had bathing suits on."

"That's because a bathing suit only reminds you that there's something hidden. With this kind of naturism, you quickly realize that we're all just variations of the same theme."

I couldn't help but suppress some giggles as we strolled down the cobbled streets. We had nothing on but flip-flops and sun glasses. We carried a couple of towels to sit on and a small bag with our essentials.

We passed a Laundromat where several couples chatted and folded towels and sheets--not many dirty socks or underwear generated in Cap d'Agde. We wandered through a wine shop and a market where we picked up some fresh fruit. In the course of a few short hours I had become completely at ease. Tristan was right, it felt free and good and wholesome.

Lunch was Salad Nicoise, crusty country bread and a local white wine. It was simple and perfect. The cafe was right on the edge of the beach, the breeze was gentle and warm and the children's laughter seemed to punctuate the purity of this Eden before the fall.

We dozed next to each other on the lounge chairs after lunch. Before I drifted off, I remembered how I had wished to do exactly this--take a nap by Tristan's side. I hadn't expected it to happen, and certainly not on a naturist beach on the Mediterranean Sea.

When we woke, we called Kwan. Even with the sunscreen, there were parts of us that were in danger of getting just a wee too much sun for one day.

Back on King's Risk, we slipped into the hot tub up on the upper deck. The sun was starting to set and the warm water felt wonderful against my slightly sunburned skin. Tristan had planned dinner aboard as he said that we had probably had the best food the Cap had to offer the night before.

"You seem to have enjoyed your day."

I slid closer to him and played with his foot under the swirling water. "I feel very sensuous. Very much in touch with myself and nature."

"I'd like to be very much in touch with you," he said as he ran his hand down across my chest and tickled just once between my legs. I felt the instant awakening he summoned so easily stir inside me. "I'd love to fuck you right now."

Straddling him, I felt his cock bobbing beneath my folds. I put my hands on his incredibly broad shoulders, massaging the muscles under my hands. "I won't stop you ..." He took one of my hands and wrapped it around his erection. I stroked him between my legs under the warm water.

"Feel how you stiffen me so quickly?"

I moved to take him inside of me. I was so wet all it would take was for me to lower myself down onto him. But he raised my hips with his big hands at the sides of my ass and sat me beside him again.

"I think not. A little tension is good for you."

"You're a horrible tease, you know that?"

"I have something special in mind for you tonight. I think after our adventure today, you're ready for more tonight," he smiled at me, but there was a shadow of darkness to his eyes that I hadn't seen in days. Something was going on inside--deep, where I couldn't touch. Where I wasn't allowed to go.

Five

Conversation at dinner was light. Deliberately and uncomfortably light, at least for me. I'd been denied a real emotional connection from the very beginning--ordered in no uncertain terms not to analyze or succumb to expectations. So, my psyche did what came naturally. I filled in all the blanks for myself. I interpreted every silence, every word, every touch and every action trying to get some sense of how Tristan actually felt about me. I came up with bits and pieces I couldn't connect. He was like a jigsaw puzzle and I couldn't find any straight edges to start with. I only had unrelated middle bits, none of which fit together.

He was willing to pay almost any amount of attention to my physical well being, whether that took the form of luxury surroundings, fantastic gifts, amazing food and drink or sex better than I could have even half imagined. He seemed genuinely concerned about my safety and my parents' as well. He lavished compliments on me and reacted to my touch in ways that told me he desired me with a primal passion I had never before experienced.

And yet. Neither one of us had ever expressed anything emotional that wasn't connected to sex. For my part, it was a conscious and difficult effort. I wanted to talk about ... us. I wanted to ask all about Elsa and even about the little-boy Tristan and his lost momma. But under 'the rules' that I had agreed to more than once, those kinds of things fell under the 'analysis' and 'expectation' categories and were off limits.

I sipped my wine in silence, wondering--no, analyzing--where the relationship was going to go. Had I been foolish in thinking that I could enter into this kind of unwritten contract? Every time he fucked me I became more attached. I couldn't help it.

He had entwined his life with mine. First, by his rescue of my father and all that came after. How was I supposed to refuse that? More to the point, how was I supposed to put the brakes on it now? Sorry, Dad, Mom, but I've decided to throw you under the bus because I just can't handle this deal with Tristan. Good luck.

Then there was the job situation. When we got back to New York and reality, I very much needed the helping hand that Tristan had offered me. He could open doors that would be impenetrable to me.

"Raina?"

His voice--that unnervingly velvet sound--shook me back into the here and now. Dinner was over and it was time to see what Tristan meant by 'adventure' for tonight. I gave him the sexiest smile I could conjure and told myself to suck it up and be a big girl. This was a situation that couldn't be changed in an instant. I was on his boat, in a foreign country and the only possessions I had arrived with had disappeared along the way.

"I'm ready for my adventure, Mr. King."

***

Tristan told me to go to the second stateroom on the right, and put on the items I found there. He pulled me to him before he let me go in the hallway. Raw need ripped through me when I saw the intense cloud of desire gather like a storm behind his eyes. He brought his mouth against mine and bruised my lips with his. As he claimed my mouth with his I felt an edgy passion much like the first time we had kissed in his garden. His tongue searched my mouth and erased all thoughts but those that focused on how much I needed him inside me.

"You have to trust me, Raina," he breathed hotly into my ear as if he knew all the questions that had been coursing through my doubting brain just minutes earlier. "Everything will be clearer to you if you just let go. You did so well today ..."

It pleased me so much to hear him tell me how well I had done. It was irrational, really, because I hadn't done anything much at all. All I did was walk naked in the sun with the man I ... was so ... taken with. If I understood anything at all about the man, it was that he derived great pleasure in seeing me loose inhibition completely. My letting go of 'shouldn't' made him happy.

I opened the door to the stateroom. The first thing I noticed was a triangular wedge in the middle of the turned down bed. Even with my limited experience it wasn't hard to figure out that I'd soon be draped over the cushion, assuming a 'position'.

I found a gorgeous corset on the bed. It was ivory lace trimmed with rose colored ribbons. There was a pair of lace top ivory hose--the kind that stay up by themselves--and a pair of impossibly high ivory satin pumps. I didn't need to check the soles; I knew they'd be red.

It was a struggle to get the corset on. I couldn't fasten the dozens of hooks and eyes behind me so I put it on backwards and twisted it around to the front when I had it all hooked up. I was out of breath by the time I got it situated right because of the effort involved. The fact that it cinched my waist in almost painfully tight didn't help. There were bones running all down my torso and had I thought about it, the stockings and shoes should have gone on first. Bending over was almost impossible.

The wall behind the head of the bed was all mirrored and I took a good look at myself. The bra part of the corset was designed to push my breasts up, but not cover them. My nipples poked out over the lace and ribbons; I was already aroused just contemplating what was in store for my body. The corset did a fine job of making my shape into an hourglass. The rear view was equally erotic as the garment ended just above the swell of my ass.

I noticed some things on the nightstand. There was a silver hairbrush, which I put to use at once. I took every tangle out of my hair. It seemed to have absorbed the sunlight from our day; golden highlights shone in the soft light of the room. I saw a pearl necklace that I assumed was to be part of my costume and fastened it around my neck. It was made of a dozen strands that hugged my neck like a collar. The matching earrings cascaded all the way to my shoulders. I used the mother-of-pearl hair pin to pull my hair into a loose up-do and loved the elegance it lent to the whole look.

There was nothing else left to put on. I opened the nightstand drawer. Maybe I would have been better off not knowing what was in there. When I heard the door handle turn, I quickly closed the drawer and sat down on the armchair beside the bed. Trying my best to appear poised and elegant, I watched as Tristan's big frame filled the doorway. He was backlit from the hall and his face was in shadow. He wore a loose pair of drawstring pants and nothing else. I could make out the contours of his hips through the semi sheer dark fabric.

"You are a portrait of perfection, as I knew you would be." He covered the distance to the chair in a few strides. He took my hands in his and drew me up to stand in front of him. "You see, today you were innocently naked in the sun. Now, with just a few small things ..." He ran his hand across my nipples and tweaked them to an even tighter peak. "you've become a courtesan."

Desperate to play his game well, I replied "Here to serve your every need." I reached up to stroke the bulge at his groin but he roughly swatted my hand away.

"Rules for tonight," he growled. I knew how well he could role play; I'd seen him on stage in front of hundreds of people. I waited. "You don't speak. You don't ask until I tell you to ask. You don't initiate. You take my commands."

God, what I wanted to do was flop backwards onto the bed and just splay myself open to him. The voice. The fucking voice. I nodded, accepting whatever he had planned for me. All I really hoped was that it would end with his cock buried to the hilt in my body.

He put his hands on my shoulders and firmly pushed me onto my knees in front of him. Loosening the string on his pants, he dropped them to his feet and kicked them aside. His cock was half erect and growing harder in front of my face.

"Suck. Suck it hard." He took my head between his hands and brought my mouth toward his groin. I reached up to take him in my hand but he pulled my hand away. He reached down and took my other wrist and pinned both of my arms behind my head. With one hand he restrained me and with the other he brought my chin forward as he entered my mouth.

He was hot and swollen. At first he guided my head with the hand holding my wrists at the back of my head. The taste of him ... the smell of his musky male flesh infused my senses. I could feel the slick of my desire slide down my thighs as I pursed my lips around him. When he drew back I heard the pop and smack as the seal of my mouth broke. It was the undeniable sound of sucking, hard and needy sucking, like a hungry animal at a teat.

He began to thrust deeper into me, moving from side to side, poking his cock against my cheeks. His free hand cupped my cheek, feeling the slide of his glans inside my cheek. I stretched my lips over my teeth and tightened my mouth around his shaft, trying to give him as much sensation as I could deliver.

"God, yes, you're good. Such sweet service for my cock." He moaned as I pulled harder, pressing my tongue against the veined underside of his member and flicking it back and forth when I found the edge of his crown. He plunged deeper into me and hit the back of my throat. I felt the tears of my gag response at the corners of my eyes, but I didn't want to stop. I swallowed back the sensation and tried to open my throat. I wanted to give him my everything, even as my reflexes rebelled. He pulled away from me. I knew he had sensed that I was trying to do something my body wasn't quite prepared to do.

"Another time, we'll practice. The porn stars make it look a lot easier than it is." He led me over to the bed and positioned me across the wedge, face down. He turned my face toward the door and placed my hands above my head. "Leave your hands and your head exactly as I've placed them. When I want you to move, I'll tell you. Otherwise, we'll just call this 'voluntary' restraint."

For a few moments, he didn't touch me at all. He stood at my blind side but I could feel his eyes covering every inch of my flesh. My knees were on the bed and my ass was stuck up into the air. My nipples strained into the bedcovers, knotted in heat. Tristan's hand parted my knees as wide as they would go against the support. I was utterly vulnerable and oddly excited because of it.

The sound of the drawer opening riveted my attention. I waited in an agony of anticipation for what he would draw from the assortment of toys and instruments I had barely glimpsed. Tristan ran his hands down my thighs, his thumbs massaging strong circles into the taut ribbons of muscle there. When he reached the top, he drew the moisture from the folds of my sex up into the crack of my ass. Wickedly, I hoped he would go there again, claim my dark intimacy as he had before.

I felt him tickle my very exposed ass with something. Even though I wasn't blindfolded, it was impossible to see exactly what he was doing in the position I was in. It could have been a feather, it could have been the streamers of the small cat-o-nine tail I had spied in the drawer. The answer came in the form of a stinging little smack on one of my ass cheeks. I squeaked, more in surprise than in pain.

"This is all about sensation, my queen. Trust me. I don't do pain. Not in any real sense, and only to elevate your arousal. Do you understand?"

I nodded. There wasn't much choice about the trust, anyway. We were alone on a boat halfway around the world from anything I knew. If Tristan wanted to hurt me, it wasn't the physical kind that was my biggest danger.

My flesh became hot under the slaps of the little flogger. There was a lingering sting, a lot like the feeling I used to get when one of my fellow lifeguards snapped a wet towel on my thighs. When the tickling of the strings returned, it made goose bumps rise on my backside. If I had to say why I found it arousing, it would be because of the element of surprise. That and the fact that I knew this game was turning Tristan on--big time.

He let me know by his gravelly one word comments. "Gorgeous." "Sweet." "Succulent."

He told me with his body. Interspersed with the tickles and smacks of the cat-o-nine tails was the unmistakable feeling of his cock against my flesh. He stroked it between my thighs and down the crack of my ass. He slapped the hot rigid shaft against my buttocks. He slicked the dewdrops from the head over my skin.

The next feeling was like nothing I had ever felt and if I hadn't 'cheated' and looked in the drawer I would never have guessed. It was a prickling feeling. It didn't fit in the category of pain. It was neither soft nor hard but rather the sensation of hundreds of tiny pin points rolling in circles on the globes of my ass. I tried to twist my head to confirm what I thought he was using on me.

"Head down!" Tristan ordered. It didn't matter, no contortionist in the world could have twisted enough to get a look. In the drawer I'd seen a small steel object that had a little wheel on the end of a handle. The wheel was covered in tiny spikes. That had to be what was making every nerve on my backside jump to attention.

"Tell me what you feel," he demanded. His voice was almost hoarse with lust. Without seeing his face, I knew the look it wore. Intense concentration, dark and clouded with the mystery of desire.

"It's like all the nerves are standing on end. Like they're reaching for something," I answered. It wasn't adequate. "I'm sorry, it's almost indescribable. It makes my skin feel ... firey."

"Does it make you want to be fucked?"

"Everything you do makes me want to be fucked."

"Good answer." I heard the clatter of metal on the floor and a thump. Once again I tried looking back over my shoulder and once again he ordered me to be still. The drawer opened and closed again behind me.

I felt his lips warm and soft against the cheeks of my ass. He nibbled a little at the fleshy crease where my legs joined my body and nuzzled between my legs, teasing at my swollen, dripping folds with his tongue. I groaned and pressed my pussy back against his face, spreading my thighs as far as I could get them. When he licked a line straight up from my clit to my spine I wanted to beg him to please, just please take me right then and in whatever place he chose. But I had been told not to ask until he told me I could.

I felt a warm drizzle slide down my ass crack and then his finger was at my sphincter, teasing wet circles around the tight band of muscle there. He leaned down closer to my head and purred out an encouraging, "Oh yes, so tight, so willing and tight."

"I am not, in case you wondered, what is commonly called a 'dominant'. I consider myself a sensualist. Everything I do is directed toward your pleasure, because it's your pleasure that ultimately satisfies me." He had something in his hand, maybe a dildo, and he was tracing it up and down the crack between my butt cheeks. When he came to my asshole, he applied just a slight bit of pressure. A maddening, teasing pressure.

"I want you to silence the inner police that tell you this is dirty or that is wrong. Whatever we agree to do ... whatever brings us pleasure ... is good and right." I felt him pressing the toy harder against my tight resistance. "Oh yes, there's a beautiful ass ... someday, I'll have it completely, but tonight we free you a little more ..." I opened easily when he pressed the smooth tip into me and then I pressed back. The stretching sensation felt ... actually, fabulous. "Tell me what you feel," he demanded in his dusky voice.

"Stretched and ..." I gasped as I was filled completely and felt my sphincter sort of lock down on something. "... full." I could barely speak because he was twisting the thing inside my ass, rolling it against the resistance of an utterly sensitive place newly discovered. "God that feels good," I managed to moan into the pillow.

"Now." I felt his cock ever so briefly tease at the entrance to my channel and then he thrust himself into me, filling every inch of me with his thickness. He held himself still in me for a moment. I let the feeling of having two orifices used at once wash over me. My body felt completely owned--elevated and offered up, his for the taking.

Tristan pulled my hands from above my head and grabbed a wrist in each hand, pulling them behind me next to my waist. He locked his hands around my forearms and I did the same with his. Rocking back and forth, he used our arms to brace our bodies for his thrusts. They came quicker and deeper; his grunts of exertion filled my ears with the sound of lust and need. Hearing him aroused me beyond belief.

Each time his cock moved inside me, I could feel the object in my ass move as well, echoing the fucking he was giving my pussy. After all the preliminaries, my entire lower body was a bundle of excited nerves. My skin danced with warmth as I felt the slap of his thighs against the cheeks of my bottom. Moaning out submission to his utter occupation of my body, I called his name again and again.

He freed my hands and grabbed my hips, taking total control of the pace. I could feel by his rhythm and hear by his urgent, primal sounds that he was near. My hand stole down between my legs. I wanted to come with him, I wanted to know that when his bliss was released my body would drink it in.

I was so hot, so utterly drunk with wanton need that I began to climax as soon as my fingers found my hard clit. I pushed back against him, trying to let him know that it was time. Oh God, was it time. He yanked my pelvis back against his with a thunderous bellow of rapture that came from deep in his very core. I felt him arch back and hold my hips to his as he grunted with each wave of his orgasm. My body responded in kind, gratefully accepting the gift of his very essence.

It was the completion of our need, the consummation of our passion and ... the communion of two souls. I wanted to stop time.

Six

We stayed away from the beach the next day. Maybe Tristan knew that my whole psyche was working overtime just to absorb my new found sensual capacity. I had a kind of nervous excitement that wasn't at all related to anxiety, but all the same, I felt strange. Never having taken the drug ecstasy, I wondered if this was kind of like what friends had described as its effects. I wanted to touch everything, taste everything, feel everything.

We were taking a day trip to Carcassonne. The medieval city had not been on my whirlwind tour backpacking around Europe and I was delighted to have the chance to see it. I was a little disappointed when Kwan pulled the Landaulet onto an expressway.

"It's almost sixty miles to Carcassonne," Tristan explained when I told him I had hoped for a country drive. "Depending on the time, perhaps we can drive back on the secondary roads. Meanwhile, relax and enjoy the sky above us and this baby's sweet ride."

He wasn't exaggerating about the car. Inside, it was as quiet as a tomb, even with the open roof. I wondered what kind of engineering genius it took to manage that feat. We sipped on cafe au lait and watched the French countryside speed past the windows.

"It's so beautiful here," I sighed. "Everything looks like it came out of a postcard. I mean, I love New York, but here it seems everything has been around for hundreds and hundreds of years."

"That's because it has. My mother used to say that France was not given nearly the credit it should have been in history. She said the Greeks and the Romans took all the credit and the Gauls were treated by scholars like some abandoned step-child."

"Did your family travel when you were a child?" I saw an opening and I took it. Tristan was a master at avoiding any sort of conversation that would enlighten me about his past. If the quiet morning ride under the clear blue September sky was loosening his tongue, I wasn't about to miss the chance to untie it.

He leaned back and stretched his long legs out in front of him. The vehicle gave even him room to spare. "My mother loved to travel. My father hated it. Still does, I believe. Every summer when school was out, we would spend as much time globe-trotting as she could manage."

"Did you enjoy it?"

"Oh, God yes. My mother was a wonderful teacher. In another life, she could have been a great educator. As it was, I was her only student. She was so brilliant at helping me see the world through her more knowledgeable eyes. I sucked it up. Of course, I think I would have been happy touring a landfill if my mother took me there."

"You were lucky to have that time with her. My Mom was great, but there wasn't much time for just her and me. I guess that's why I'm sort of making up for it now. I'm glad I'm the youngest. I've finally got her to myself."

"That's part of why traveling was so special to me. I didn't have to share her with my father. We had wonderful days, but once he came home from work, most of the energy in the house went into keeping him happy. Never an easy task."

"Was he cruel to you?"

"Not unless you consider being incredibly cold a form of cruelty. He could be caustic, too, when he chose."

And you have certainly inherited that ability, Tristan. "That's sad. My dad is a lot of things, but cold isn't one of them."

"My mother made up as best she could. The trips were part of that."

"My family never traveled any further than the Jersey Shore. Not exactly an exotic vacation destination. My mother envied me when I scraped together enough nickels and dimes to backpack through Europe."

"If I ever had children, I would show them the world."

I wondered if I should censor my next question. But I didn't. "Do you want to have children, Tristan?"

He surprised me by taking his time before giving me a thoughtful answer. "Children seem to be the greatest risk of all in life. I often wonder if my mother would have chosen to have me if she had had a crystal ball."

"How can you say that? She obviously adored you!"

"Yes and then she left me with a man who couldn't ... who wouldn't ... I just wonder if she had known how it all was going to end up, if she would have brought me into the world."

"And how has it ended up? You're a hugely successful man who seems to live a rather full life."

"Is that how I appear to you?"

"Yes, as a matter of fact it is. Okay, so there's a strange dark side to you. I mean, this whole 'no expectations thing' of yours has to come from somewhere. I'm guessing it stems from losing your mother at such a tender age."

The shadow that darkened Tristan's face frightened me. I knew I had overstepped. "Is it impossible for you to remember the one thing I have asked of you? If I want psychoanalysis, I can afford the best. Amateur hour isn't my style when it comes to healing my delicate damaged soul." He spit the last three words out with so much sarcasm and venom that I winced.

He leaned back against the headrest and closed his eyes. It was a pretty clear message. The conversation was over.

***

"Holy Shit! Look at that!" I couldn't help myself. When we approached Carcassonne, the sight of the towers, the ramparts, and just the hugeness of the ancient relic overwhelmed me. Tristan seemed more than happy to rouse himself from his (pretend) nap and get us back onto safe, neutral ground. He could turn on a dime; that much I knew. The icy mood was gone. If I still felt the sting of his words, which was clearly going to be my problem and mine alone.

"It's amazing, isn't it? It was restored in the 1800's and the whole process was quite controversial. Carcassonne is the largest surviving walled city of its kind. I, for one, don't mind if Viollet-le-Duc took a few liberties in the nineteenth century."

I leaned toward the window, angling for a better look. Tristan picked up the intercom mike and told Kwan to pull over onto the shoulder. "You really need to take it all in before we go inside the city. Appreciating it from a distance is critical."

We stood on a small hill overlooking the arched bridge over the Aude River. The sun brushed that peculiar golden light over the landscape that makes everything seem like a painting. I looked over at Tristan, his profile strong and masculine against the backdrop of the green countryside. A wave of gold-brown hair caught in the slight breeze and fluttered behind his ear. I wanted to touch him again. I wanted to tell him I was sorry for trying to pry open the lockbox that held his pain. But I really wasn't sorry. I was only sorry that he had reacted the way he did.

I couldn't compartmentalize like he could. How was it possible for a man to be so intimate and so distant at the same time? How could he touch me, caress me, worship me and care for me and still shut down completely when I tried to get past his rigid barriers? When I sighed, he took it as a reaction to the stunning sight in front of us.

"I've always thought this place should have been the inspiration for Oz. But in reality, the legend is that this is the city that inspired 'Sleeping Beauty'." He took my hand and shot me the look I'd come to think of as 'kid in a candy shop'. It was the look that told me he was about to bestow an exquisite discovery and he couldn't wait. For the moment, and not for the last time, I would choose to push my misgivings aside in favor of his gifts.

Carcassonne defied my wildest expectations. I'd seen all sorts of castles and ruins in Europe, but never anything so well preserved, so real. I wouldn't have been surprised to see a band of knights in armor ride through one of the cobbled streets on massive steeds decked out in royal colors. It looked almost like a movie set and Tristan informed me that it had in fact been used as a backdrop for "Robin Hood, Prince of Thieves" in the 90's.

Although it would have been impossible to furnish and decorate the entire walled city as it would have been at its glory, it was marvelous to see the relics, tapestries and ordinary stuff that might have belonged to the people who once lived there.

Tristan followed me as I almost skipped around the old city. It was a delightful place and I wanted him to know how much I was enjoying it. I took his hand in mine as we strolled along the ramparts and looked out over the escarpment that ended at the Aude River.

"Thank you for bringing me here. I had no idea it would be this amazing."

"There are over fifty towers at Carcassone. See those two over there?" he asked pointing to a far corner of the city. "That's where Mom and I stayed when we were here. It was during July and she knew about the annual event when the city is set ablaze with fireworks. The view from our rooms in the tower was something I'll never forget."

I tried to think of some comment to make that was appropriate and neutral. I didn't want to get too 'personal' and sour the mood of a fantastic experience as I had in the car. "It sounds like your mother planned your trips so a kid could get the most out of them."

"She did. That she did." He steered me toward a shop that sold hand milled soaps and colognes all infused with local herbs and flower essences. "Let's put a basket together for Marjorie. Any woman would love these products..." He began to pile all sorts of different bottles and boxes in the shopping basket to put together a collection for my mother. It was thoughtful and poignant; almost as if in giving my mother a gift, he could honor the memory of his.

Seven

I was never aware of Kwan as a bodyguard. He didn't shadow us the way you see celebrities or politicians covered by burly men in sunglasses with wires behind their ears. When we had gone to the beach, he had disappeared all together. While we were strolling through the streets, building and squares of Carcassone, I glimpsed him once or twice nearby. He didn't seem to be paying particular attention to us and I was quite sure none but the most expert eyes would have connected him with us.

It began to be a game with me--spotting him--but I certainly didn't let on to Tristan. When we chose a cafe for lunch, we sat at a street-side table and although I subtly scanned the crowd for our stealthy guard, I couldn't pick him out. It was only after Tristan had paid the bill and we headed out to find a particular exhibit that I noticed Kwan casually examining some flowers at a vendor's cart.

After several more sightings, I saw that he kept a particular distance from us in a thin crowd, but moved closer when we were in the midst of a denser group of people. He was methodical, consistent and very subtle.

"If Kwan wanted to hide himself completely from you, he could." Tristan surprised me by catching me at my game.

"Oh ... I didn't mean ... I was just ..." It embarrassed me to get caught, for some odd reason.

"It's okay, a bodyguard takes some getting used to. I know at the beginning, I was constantly checking to see where he was. Now, it seems natural, like Kwan is a part of the landscape of my life."

"Can I ask you a question?"

"Can I stop you?" he asked, but he was smiling so I ventured on.

"Why a bodyguard? Does everyone with your kind of ... wealth, need a bodyguard?"

"Most people with 'my kind of wealth' feel some need to protect themselves. I'm a target in many ways. Scammers--"

"You're too smart for that," I cut him off.

He grinned. "Okay, maybe not scammers, but just plain thieves or people desperate for some financial help can be a nuisance. And, then there's kidnappers."

"Kidnappers? In the U.S. or here, in France? I mean, I can understand if you're traveling to the Middle East or Africa, but ..."

"You don't have to be in a third world country, evil is everywhere. Human cankers." He sighed heavily. "If I tell you a story, can you leave it alone?"

"Leave it alone?"

"Yes, can you just listen and let it sink in but not question me about it?"

I wanted to hear what he had to say. I agreed.

"Years ago, not long after I made some truly outstanding investment hits, I decided to celebrate by taking a trip with some of the people who'd made that success possible." He rubbed his forehead as if the memory pained him.

"We went to a ski resort in Northern Italy. There were a couple of characters hanging around who seemed out of place, but I wasn't as suspicious then as I am now. One night at the bar, one of the guys struck up a conversation with me. Back then, I was so full of myself and proud of 'making it' that I didn't hold anything back."

Not like you do now. Now you're a master at holding back ... at least when it comes to some things.

"So, as they say in the movies, I was 'marked'. When my friend and I went out the next day to do some cross-country, the two guys also went. They followed us, but at a distance that didn't raise any alarms. We stopped for a rest in one of the stations on the trail." He swallowed hard and ran a hand through his hair. "When we came out of the shelter, we were jumped. There was a scuffle at the edge of the trail. All four of us were rolling around in a ball. When the railing gave way, I was the only one who hung on. I grabbed the cable after it snapped and watched the two attackers and my friend fall. I was still hanging on when an avalanche slid past me and buried the valley where they landed. None of the bodies were ever recovered."

I watched him stare off into the distance, knowing he had told me half a story. Of course he was talking about his 'friend' Elsa. Who else could it be? But the rules of the game were the rules of the game.

"I don't know what they were after. All I know is that it wasn't a simple case of trying to steal my watch. I suspect they were planning to kidnap me, or perhaps my friend. There may have been someone waiting to take me away who disappeared when things went south." He put his hand over his mouth and closed his eyes. The sound of him sucking a heavy breath through his nose filled the space around us.

"I do know that by being stupid and casual about personal safety I lost one of the finest people I've ever known."

"I'm so sorry, Tristan." I took his hand and squeezed it. "You've had a lot of loss for a young man. That's got to be tough."

He pulled himself to his full tall height and shook his shoulders. "Well, I've survived," he said matter-of-factly. "The whole point of the story is that I learned the value of having someone like Kwan around." We came to a magnificent church. "Here's St. Nazarius' Basilica. It's one of the highlights. You'll want to give this your complete attention."

No, I want to give you my complete attention. I want you to finish the story, dammit! I didn't want a lesson in the importance of personal security; I wanted some insight into you!

How could the man tell me a story like that with the same emotion he was now investing in relating factoids about an ancient pile of stones? More importantly, how could this man be so utterly satisfying in some ways and so damn frustrating in others?

I'm afraid Tristan's entire lecture on the fascinating history of the Basilica went in one ear and right out the other. It might be easy enough for him to switch gears and describe a church right after he'd given me the circumstances of his fiance's death, but I was still somewhere out there in the snow looking for answers.

***

True to his word, Tristan instructed Kwan to take a more leisurely route on the way back to the coast. The countryside was a mellow tapestry of vineyards, villages and farms all gilded with the late afternoon sun. Everything seemed ripe. September's early song was rich and sweet in the peaks and valleys of the gentle rolling countryside.

We stopped in a village so that I could sample a wine that Tristan told me was one of his special favorites. "The Languedoc region produces a ton of outstanding wines. We'd have to stay a month just to begin to try them all. But I wanted you to taste a Blanquette de Limoux."

I had gotten over the thousand things I'd never heard of, tasted or done and simply said, "Tell me."

"The locals claim that their sparkling wine predates champagne. That's impossible to prove, but interesting anyway." He led me to a cool case and picked out a bottle . "You'll find it slightly sweet and a little cloudy. That's because the wine is left with the lees after the second fermentation--Methode Ancestrale."

We paid for the wine and Tristan uncorked it in the car where, naturally, there were a couple of cut crystal flutes sparking in the little bar. It was different and delicious and I happily sipped on my glass as the miles rolled by.

The stop and start of the car when we reached Agde traffic woke me up. I'd fallen asleep with the lull of sparkling wine and a luxury ride. Drool was dribbling out of the side of my mouth and I quickly wiped it away, horrified. I did a quick check of the white leather for more.

Fortunately, Tristan himself was asleep as well only he wasn't drooling. Of course he wasn't drooling. He was lying back against the seat, mouth closed, breathing slowly and silently through his perfect patrician nose. I watched the rise and fall of his chest and resisted the urge to put my hand on it so that I could feel the gentle motion of his muscles. He had on a moss-green silk shirt that flowed over his skin in a way that seemed uncommonly sensual for just a shirt. I had noticed during the day how the color picked up one of the many shades I saw in his forest eyes and, along with the khaki pants he'd chosen for our outing, just seemed to blend him into the landscape as if he had joined a painting.

By some happy coincidence, I had chosen a terra-cotta colored sundress from the assortment in 'my' closet and a pair of sensibly flat, but very pretty sandals that laced at the ankles. The wide straw hat I found on the top shelf of the closet was a perfect accent, its big scarf in shades of the same tawny clay, ochre and olive. We looked like we had purposely coordinated our outfits.

It took me a while to get used to how people turned their heads when Tristan and I walked past. At first, I just figured it was because of his devastating good looks. But, after a while, I noticed that it wasn't just women who were looking at us. Men, women, old, young, singly or together, it seemed that something about us was worthy of a second glance. I understood a little bit more about that reaction as I pondered the lovely picture of us gliding through town in that cloud of a car.

Tristan didn't wake until we pulled up to the dock where King's Risk gently swayed in her berth. Kwan handed the many packages we had accumulated during the day to the steward, Carlos. There was the gift basket for my mother all wrapped in yellow cellophane and adorned with a huge silk bow. I had made a futile effort to rein Tristan in on the shopping, but there was no reasoning with the man. The very truthful argument that Marjorie would be embarrassed by such extravagance met with a snort and "she'll just have to get used to it".

Of course that hurled me right into a fantasy about what he really meant by that statement and effectively shut me up. Maybe he knew that's the effect it would have. It wasn't impossible that Tristan knew exactly how much I invested in any mention he made of the future or any indication that we were a 'couple'. Maybe he knew that forbidden expectations were as good as a guarantee a girl like me would be obsessed with them.

Eight

The sun was just sliding below the buildings to the west. We sat on deck and sipped the last of our bottle of Blanquette de Limoux.

"Would you like to dine in or out tonight?"

"Oh, that's a hard choice. Your chef is awfully good."

"Yes, he is. But to tell you the truth, Kwan, Shane and even Carlos get involved in the kitchen. I have been blessed with a staff of men who love to outdo one another at the stove. Chef Todd's the boss, of course, but he welcomes company."

"Well, we certainly brought back a cornucopia of produce for them. I can't believe the herbs!"

"There's also half a dozen fabulous cheeses from that one place and the veal sausage. Could you be satisfied with an omelet and a salad?"

"That sounds perfect. We seem to do nothing but eat. I'm going to go home as fat as one of those cute little pigs we saw today."

"A few days in France isn't going to fatten you up like a hog."

"Plump is cute on a pig, but pretty undesirable on a woman."

"Trust me, it would take a lot more than a few pounds to render you undesirable."

I smiled and puffed out my cheeks like a blowfish. "How's that?" I asked as they deflated.

"Well, when you do that it only reminds me of how good it feels when you have my cock is poking inside one of those cheeks."

"Ah, speaking of a tasty sausage..." I reached over and cupped him in my hand.

Tristan groaned as I stroked him under his trousers. "Yours to devour, my sweet."

I leaned down and blew through the fabric to heat his flesh. "Are we going for an appetizer?"

His voice rasped a little when he said, "I'm afraid I have a few calls to make. In just a few minutes, in fact."

I gave him an exaggerated little pout.

"Not to worry, I will make sure that dessert is more than satisfying."

"My King, satisfaction is something I know I don't have to worry about with you."

He kissed me sweetly and asked, "So, would you like to visit the 'adult' section of the beach tomorrow?"

"Okaaaayyy, so what goes on in the 'adult section'?"

"Just what you'd imagine. Adult stuff. Mostly it's couples going there to size up other couples. Aside from the straight up naturist part of Cap d'Agde, there's also a large libertine contingent."

"Libertine?"

"That's the French term for swingers. Couples who swap. And other stuff."

Now I was getting a little freaked out. "And is that something you're also interested in?"

Tristan tilted my chin up and focused my eyes on his. "I am not at all interested in sharing you with anyone. I'd accommodate you if you had any desire... any bi-sexual tendencies--"

I cut him off. "I do not have any bi tendencies. If that's what floats your boat, I'm afraid I can't help you."

"That's not what floats my boat. But if that was something you fantasize about, here would be the place to act on it." He kissed me softly on the lips and then on the forehead. "Raina, I want you to have whatever kind of sensual experience you can imagine enjoying. A lot of women like playing with other women, that's all. There's nothing wrong with girls having a little fun," he smiled. "The wise man indulges the woman whose sexuality he treasures. At least to a point."

A sudden insight told me that Elsa was the woman he knew who had a taste for a little female company now and then. The thought that he found it cute to indulge her infuriated me. In fact, the whole trip started to sour. He was no stranger to this place, to naked fun in the sun, to what went on over on the 'adult side' of the beach.

As I sipped the last drops of my wine in rather sullen silence I couldn't get the picture of Elsa, the pretty girl next door, cavorting around the white French sands with Tristan. Tristan helping her hunt a like-minded woman for a romp. Tristan and the prey's male counterpart watching the 'girls play' and having a great old time. It kind of made me sick to my stomach.

For some irrational reason, I had no problem with the thought that Tristan had sailed the Med with any of a dozen women who'd been pictured with him over the years. If Tristan watched two Barbie dolls do one another and got a charge out of that--not an issue. It was the plain, sweet, utterly ordinary adoring face of Elsa Maynard buried in another woman's snatch while Tristan indulgently watched that attached to my heart like a ten pound lead sinker. Tristan 'indulging the woman whose sexuality he treasures'. What a statement.

How did I allow myself to miss the whole point of this scenario? I was the new Elsa, minus the love and commitment. I was the replacement innocent. He was trying to make sure that I knew if I shared her tastes, it was okay! Maybe even what he hoped for. Fucking hell, Tristan, can't help you out there, buddy. Sorry about your luck but you got a pure, 100% hetero gal on your hands.

"Is there something wrong, Raina?"

Yes, there is something very wrong. "Maybe I've got a bit of a headache."

"A bottle of wine in the afternoon can do that. Why don't you take a short rest in one of the staterooms? I need to make my calls and check some things."

"Okay, that's not a bad idea."

"Don't stay too long, though. Just rest your eyes. I want you refreshed ... for dessert and tomorrow." He was bright and cheerful and I wanted to slap him.

I didn't even notice the interior of the boat, I just walked through the living area and down a few steps, opened the door to the first stateroom I came and flopped on the bed. I didn't want to sleep, I wanted to cry.

It did occur to me that Tristan still didn't know I was even aware of Elsa. He didn't know that I had seen the wedding announcement on the internet. He wasn't aware of my conversation with Tom about her death. Maybe as far as Tristan was concerned, I didn't know anything about Elsa at all. Hard as it was for me to believe, it was entirely possible that those assumptions were true.

Not everyone spends hours Googling someone they're interested in. Tristan's engagement announcement was buried several pages back, eclipsed in the great search engine's eye by far more important items. And, if I hadn't asked Tom, and I hadn't met Roger and seen the dark cloud he brought to that rehearsal, I wouldn't have known to Google Elsa Maynard at all.

So, at least I had to dismiss the idea that he was deliberately torturing me with allusions to their sexual history. Once that was settled, I began to rethink the rest of my assumptions. What if he was simply talking in generalities? What if it was not his personal experience he was referring to? What if he genuinely wanted to discover what turned me on?

But there was the whole nude beach thing. Obviously he had been here before. Okay, so what? If he'd come with Elsa, so what again? The man wasn't a virgin (thank God) and it was patently unfair for me to expect him never to have experienced ... well, anything.

I got out of bed and sort of tiptoed up onto the aft deck. I suspected Tristan was buried somewhere further in the bowels of the boat catching up on work. I needed some air. Hopefully the sea could blow some sense into me.

It made me unreasonably happy to see Kwan standing at the transom with a fly rod. He was flipping the line back and forth in a graceful even motion. I crept up behind him, but I should have known better than to sneak up on him. Without turning around he said, "Miss Raina, if I didn't recognize your footsteps, I might have knocked you flat for that."

"Sorry Kwan. I was testing you."

"Be careful what you test."

I stood beside him and watched him flick the line over and over again before allowing the end to land on a spot in the water.

"What are you fishing for?"

"I'm not trying to catch a fish. Nothing caught in this water would be edible at any rate."

"Then what are you doing?"

"Just practicing. Fly fishing is a very meditative sport. Handling the rod just so has a Zen quality to it."

"I see." It was rather mesmerizing to see the brilliant orange line make fluid 'S's' against the backdrop of the blue and pink setting sun sky. "Can I ask you something?"

"You can certainly ask. Whether I answer depends."

"I know about Elsa Maynard."

"That's not a question."

"I mean I know he was engaged to her and I know that she died."

"That much is public knowledge. And you still haven't asked me a question."

"Did you know her?"

"No."

That surprised me. For some reason I figured Kwan had been with Tristan since time began. "How long have you worked for Tristan?"

"Five years."

"So you must have been hired right after she was killed."

"The two events were related."

"He hired you because she was killed?"

"I like to think that was only part of the reason."

"Do you know how she was killed?"

"As much as anyone except Tristan, I suppose."

"Will you tell me what you know?"

"I would consider that a betrayal of trust."

"Well, was it an accident or what?" Tristan had said as much but I wanted to know what the general thought was.

"I think that's something you should ask Mr. Tristan. It's not my place."

I decided to change tactics. "Did Tristan come here, to Cap d'Agde with Elsa?"

"As far as I know, I brought him here for the first time."

"You? Why ever would you bring him here?"

Kwan put his rod down and turned toward me. "In the beginning, he rarely wanted me to be out of his sight. After a few months, I was really longing for a little male companionship other than my boss's. What better place to be able to leave someone alone for a few hours than a nude beach? How much harm can come to a person wandering among naked tourists? I obtained an accomplished and beautiful lady to keep him company and wandered down to my own section. It's at the far end of the 'adult beach'. Five years ago," he added wistfully, "there was a lot more action in the dunes."

At this point, I was ready to hug Kwan. So, it wasn't Elsa who christened the place with him, it was good old Kwan. Kwan, the procurer of whores, Kwan the fashionista, Kwan the protector of mothers. What a great guy he was turning out to be. I couldn't stop grinning at how wrong I had been.

"Miss Raina?"

"Yes?"

"Would you be offended if I gave you some advice?"

"Not at all, I could use all the help I can get. Your boss is a hard one to figure out."

"Actually, no, you're wrong there. He is very simple to figure out."

"Enlighten me."

"In spite of his career, in spite of his success and all the planning and forecasting that goes into it, Tristan very much lives in the here and now. He seizes the day, as they say."

"I can see that, yes."

"He doesn't spend time dwelling on things that have passed and he doesn't spend energy on things yet to come. If you choose to remain with him, I suggest you aim to do likewise."

"No analysis. No expectations," I mumbled. It was not the kind of advice I found easy to swallow. Not that Kwan's advice was any different than what I had already been told, in no uncertain words and more than once.

"Those who know and enjoy Tristan the most, and we are few, do so because we allow ourselves to become part of his present."

***

I went back to the master stateroom to freshen up for dinner and once again wrap my head around the situation I found myself in. Tristan was still working. I presumed he had an office on board somewhere, but that hadn't been part of my grand tour. I was glad to have a little time to think. Kwan was probably as close to Tristan as anyone. I knew I'd be stupid to ignore his advice.

I had a great guy to spend time with. He was smart, affectionate, generous, funny, and most of the time he was easy going. Sexually speaking, he might as well have invented it as far as my life was concerned. No one had ever attracted me as suddenly and thoroughly as the man I saw for the first time on the Mahkeenac Little Theater stage. From the moment I saw him I wanted him. When I had him, it was the most erotic and satisfying thing I'd ever known. To say he exceeded my expectations would be ridiculous. No woman could have expected the kind of fucking this man delivered.

Suddenly, it hit me. I stumbled onto at least a clue as to what Tristan meant by 'no expectations'. Was it possible that he was such an incredible lover precisely because I had no expectations? Were the gifts he gave me all the more precious because I could not have anticipated them? More to the point, was it possible to carry that concept into the emotional part of the relationship? Could I, could anyone, love without expectations?

I studied my face in the mirror as I brushed my hair. There wasn't any point in trying to hide it from myself. There was no one around to hear me ask my brown-eyed reflection: Can you do it? Can you love one day at a time? Can you love without answers?

Nine

"Raina? Raina?" The knock was insistent and the voice...not good. I quickly pulled the light cotton sweater over my head and answered the door.

"What is it Kwan?"

"Mr. Tristan needs you in his office right now."

I followed Kwan's quick steps up to the next deck and past the huge salon. I'd seen the spiral staircase in the corner of the fabulous room, but hadn't had enough free time to explore every nook and cranny of King's Risk. I'd missed Tristan's nest tucked above it all. Kwan told me to go up the stairs. Something made me take them two at a time.

I knocked once and opened the door without being asked in. Tristan sat at a glossy wood desk surrounded by lots of books and plenty of high tech gadgets including at least three computers. He leapt to his feet and came around the desk when I entered the room.

"Sweetheart..." I should have been thrilled at the endearment. Instead, I was terrified by the look in his eyes and the way he pulled me protectively into his arms.

I pushed away from him enough to see his face and asked, "What happened, Tristan? Is it my parents?" That was the only thing it could be...the only thing that would put that look of panic on his face and make my heart pound like cannon fire in my chest.

"I'm so sorry. So sorry. Artie called. They got to Marjorie."

"Mom??? Tell me!"

"Early this morning. Your father went back to work yesterday. He surprised everyone, including the bodyguards. They didn't have time to do any real reconnaissance on the job site or call in back up. So one of them stayed at the house with your mother and the other one went with your father."

All I could do was nod and stare.

"Don had a lot of pent up energy and a bee in his bonnet when he got to the job site. He made a lot of noise about how he wasn't going to cave into punks. Said he was sick to death of everyone from the Teamsters to the Teacher's union wanting their piece of every tenpenny nail. He made a lot of noise about not giving up until someone paid attention."

"My mother, Tristan, tell me about my mother!"

"This morning, your neighbor, Mrs. Caper ..."

"Caperelli."

"Mrs. Caperelli came over and found George bound and gagged in the room on the ground floor and your mother gone."

"What the hell do you mean GONE? Gone where?"

"The assumption is that she's been kidnapped."

"Oh my God. Mom." Tears rolled down my cheeks with the image of my wonderful mother at the hands of some bastards like the ones who beat up Dad.

"Okay, now listen to me." Tristan took my shoulders in his strong hands and grabbed onto my eyes with his. "They didn't hurt George. I don't think they're planning to hurt your mother. They want something from your father and your mother's the best way to get to him. Think about it."

I gulped back a sob. He was right. It was awful, but panic was going to get us nowhere. "What now?"

"Obviously, I want to get back to New York as soon as possible. I don't suppose there's any way you'd let me leave you here, out of harm's way? With Kwan?"

I shot him a look that was all the answer that absurd question deserved.

"Right, then. Let's go."

***

By the time Tristan reached around me to fasten my seatbelt in the plane, he had been on the phone with the mayor of New York, the Chief of Police and the director of the FBI. I would have been impressed with the line-up of people who would take his calls, if I hadn't been literally sick with worry.

In between his calls, Tristan had also managed to wipe my cold sweaty brow after I blew the contents of my stomach by the side of the road and again in the elegant bathroom of his airplane. I looked in the mirror after I finished retching and my skin had taken on an unnatural shade of gray. When I came out, Tristan took me back to the master stateroom. He stripped my clammy clothes off and wrapped me in my elegant red velvet robe. Then he sat me on the bed and put a pair of his white cotton athletic socks on my trembling feet. Grabbing the furry throw from the bed, he marched me out to one of the recliners and pushed it all the way back. Then he covered me up and strapped me in.

"I want you to lay here and breathe deeply. When you start to feel warm, let me know. You've got a case of borderline shock. Don't let it get any worse." He held my cold hand in his warm one. "I'm going to take care of this and I'm going to take care of you. But right now, Marjorie needs your strength."

I nodded and tried to follow his instructions. By focusing on the plane taxiing down the runway and the rush of takeoff, I felt the blood returning to my limbs and my heartbeat returning to normal. I smiled at Tristan to let him know I wasn't going to become part of the problem.

Soon after takeoff, Kwan came back into the main salon of the plane and Tristan handed him the phone. There was a great deal of conversation in a language I didn't understand. I recognized it as an Asian language, but that's about it.

"Who's he talking to?" I asked Tristan.

"George. I wanted Kwan to get a firsthand account in their native tongue, in case Artie or the FBI missed something."

"So George and Kwan are from the same country?"

"Laos. Don't' let the names throw you. All of their names are practically unpronounceable. Kwan chose his name because it at least identifies him as Asian. You'll have to ask George why he chose that particular name."

"Seems an odd choice." The sing-song of Kwan's voice seemed to go on and on. "I sure wish I knew what he was saying. God, it is so frustrating to be up here in this airplane and now I can't even understand what he's talking about."

"Patience. You have to try to be patient. I know it's hard, but please try to believe me when I tell you that no one could bring more pressure to bear on this case than I have."

"I know that. I hope you don't think I don't appreciate it. You've been wonderful." I took his hand in mine, but kept my eyes on Kwan who paced back and forth. He seemed agitated. "Kwan seems upset about something."

"It's the language. It always sounds like they're yelling at one another to me, too."

"Is Kwan a leader of some group of Laotian bodyguards?"

"It's a loosely knit fellowship. They all trained together and trust one another. And, they're very good." He squeezed my hand. "And that's one thing that worries me a little."

I'm sure my eyes widened with fear.

"For the guys to take your mother, they had to have been fairly professional. This was not an amateur operation. George could easily take out multiple men."

"Yes, but Kwan told me that even he can't stop a bullet."

"True. And there are circumstances where a person just has to step back or risk getting himself or someone else killed. George probably recognized that the thugs would have everything to lose by harming Marjorie."

Kwan finally got off the phone.

"Well?" Tristan asked him.

"Perhaps ... maybe it's best we talk in private."

"Excuse me?" I was not about to be brushed off. "This is my mother we're talking about here."

"Raina's right, Kwan. Whatever you have to say, she has a right to hear."

So Kwan launched into his narrative. A lot of the information we already knew. The abduction had taken place early, just after my father left for work around seven. The street would have been very quiet at that hour. There were four men. They had blown the lock on the outer iron door that led to the ground floor room where George was staying with some high-powered, quiet and effective explosive. George heard the whisper of the blast and jumped into action. He took one of the men down before he was staring at the barrel of two Glocks leveled point blank at his head. The intruders had his number, too. They remained out of the range of his deadly hands and feet until they were certain that he knew he knew there was no chance. If he had disarmed one, the other still had a clear shot.

They gagged George and bound him with cable ties. Mom had apparently gone back upstairs after seeing my father off to work. George could hear very little as he was on the ground floor and my parents' room is on the third floor. He could hear a little scuffle upstairs and my mother's shouts, quickly silenced. From his position face down on the floor he couldn't see anything. He followed the sounds of the retreating footsteps as the men made their way past his room and out the front entrance on the street level.

The man George had flattened had recovered enough to deliver a vicious kick to George's ribs as a parting shot.

"He said that as they were leaving, he heard one of the men say 'Calm down, Jazzy, we ain't gonna hurt ya.'" Kwan concluded. "Does that mean anything to you?"

I sat bolt upright. "You're damn right it means something to me. No one calls my mother 'Jazzy' except family and close friends."

"I hope George told that to the authorities." Tristan bit his knuckle in thought. "But it's possible no one paid it any mind, or didn't think it was important enough to tell your father."

"Also," added Kwan, "George has a thick accent. It would be easy to misunderstand anything he says."

"Thanks, Kwan. Now get some rest. I have a feeling we're in for quite a long day ahead of us and the jet lag's gonna be a killer." Tristan turned to me. "I'm going to make a couple more phone calls--to Artie and my guy at the FBI. Artie will make sure the NYPD knows about the 'Jazzy' thing and then they can get your father's input."

"My father ... I have to talk to my father."

"That's not such a good idea. First of all, it isn't going to accomplish anything other than upsetting both of you more than you already are. Secondly, I am now concerned that someone close to your family is somehow involved in this mess. The less your dad knows about where you are, who you're with and what you're doing the better. It may already be too late."

"What do you mean by that?"

"Think about it. Why kidnap Marjorie? What kind of ransom could your family possibly come up with that would be worth committing a serious felony?"

"I assumed the whole thing was about scaring Dad into backing off of his public outrage."

"And you may still be right. But there are lots of ways to accomplish that. If, however, someone learned that 'Jazzy' and Don's youngest was Tristan King's girlfriend there might be an incentive to sweeten the pot with a hefty payoff in the form of ransom."

In spite of all the anxiety and fear about my mother, my selfish heart leapt when he referred to me as his 'girlfriend'. I felt badly about even noticing, given the danger Mom was in. But notice I did.

"Now, I want you to do the same as Kwan. We're only five hours out of New York now and when we land, we're all going to hit the ground running."

"You can't really believe I can sleep, can you?'

"You've had a major shock and I know the adrenaline isn't going to let you sleep right away. But I want you to go to the bedroom and lie down. I'm going to join you after I make the calls. We'll try to relax together."

"Come soon." And hold me, Tristan, just hold me like you'll never let me go.

Ten

I stared up at the moulded ceiling and tried to distract myself by studying the patterns and counting the squares. I'd left the soft recessed lighting on overhead. Tristan came in quietly and I watched him remove his shoes and socks, his belt and then his slacks. His back was turned toward me and I saw him lean against the dressing table and breathe a heavy sigh. His posture told me how tired he was. His broad shoulders seemed weighted down. He ran his hand through his hair and rubbed the back of his neck, twirling his head in a slow circle to ease the tension there.

I peeled the covers back for him to slip in beside me. His head went back against the pillow and he pulled me close to him. My head rose and fell with the rhythm of his breathing. We didn't talk at all. I found strength and comfort in the warmth of his simple embrace. As I slipped into a restless sleep, I hoped he found a little of the same in me.

"Stop! No! Take me ... Stop!" Tristan woke me with his muffled shouts and thrashing.

"Tristan, wake up. You're having a nightmare." I put my arms around him to try to calm him and was utterly shocked when he began to sob against my shoulder. I couldn't really tell if he was still 'in' the dream or fully awake. Finally, his breathing slowed and he hiccupped back to normal.

"I'm sorry, Raina."

"You don't have to apologize. It was a bad dream. Everyone has them once in a while. Can you remember what it was about?"

Tristan turned onto his back and stared up at the ceiling. "It's always the same and I always remember what it's about."

Something told me to keep quiet. For once I had the rare insight to just let someone talk.

"I told you the story of my friend and the accident at the ski lodge."

"I remember."

"Well, I didn't tell you the whole story." He sucked in a deep breath as if he was trying to gather the courage to tell his tale. "My friend was actually my fiance. Her name was Elsa. When I made that first killing in investments, she had been there, supporting and encouraging me all the way. When I took the group to Italy for the celebration, I wouldn't have dreamed of leaving her behind." He swallowed hard and went on. "Like I told you, I was much more naive then. I didn't think about the bad elements out there. I was on top of the world."

"How could you have known?" I asked him more to keep him talking than anything else.

"That's the thing. I was warned. I was warned and I ignored the warning."

"Who warned you?"

"My father. He called me shortly after I hit the big numbers. In his own stiff way, he told me that money attracts evil and that I should make sure I was looking over my shoulder and protecting myself and anyone who could be used to hurt me. It was like he knew something I didn't."

"You don't think he ..."

"No. No, my father may not give a rat's ass about me, but he doesn't actively hate me." Tristan sighed into the darkness. "When we went out skiing that morning, I saw those guys behind us. Alarms should have sounded in my head. But I just went on as if there was no danger at all."

"Again, Tristan, just because the men didn't 'fit' your image of skiers at that lodge, how could you have known how it would end up?"

"It doesn't matter. What matters is that when they grabbed Elsa, they knew who we were. One of the assholes sneered at me--I'll never forget his crappy, crooked teeth--and said 'Bet you'll pay a pretty penny to get her back, won't you, Mr. King?'. So you see, I have all the reason in the world to believe that by knowing me, by being close to me, you or your parents could be in danger."

I took his hand under the covers. "I'm so sorry Tristan."

"No, I'm the one who's sorry. I've spent the last five years making sure that I didn't get close enough to anyone to put them in harm's way. I just couldn't manage to keep my distance from you."

I curled up against his side. "Don't you know by now that I don't want you to keep your distance?"

"I don't know if I could bear it if I've put you at risk."

"Life is all about risks, you and I both know that. I'm willing to to take a chance on you. The question is, will you do the same?"

I didn't get an answer. At least not in words. Tristan took me into his arms and kissed me in the most gentle, seeking way. He told me how much he cherished me with his warm, tender lips. His hands slipped under the robe and found my breasts. This time there was no pinching, just a reverent touch that made me tighten with desire for him.

Soon he was naked beside me. In spite of our fear and doubts, we needed the comfort of each others' touch. This time, our lovemaking--and in my mind I dared to call it that--was so different. There was pleasure, of course. Tristan touched me in all the right ways and in all the right places. But there was more than pleasure.

I slipped my hands down to tangle in the sandy curls at his groin. Both hands stroked the velvety skin on his hardness. Together encircling it still left a lot left to cover. My fingers didn't meet around his girth. I played at the cockhead with my thumb and rubbed the droplet of fluid I found there around the ridge. I tried to tell him with my touch how much the intimacy meant to me.

For the first time, excitement took a back seat to a deeper passion. When I took his cock inside my body I didn't need words to let me know that it was more than just a sensual exchange. Other times our bodies were at play. This time, our bodies were focused on reaching for more.

His thrusts buried his erection inside me to the hilt. His eyes were open, searing farther into me than they had ever gone before. He held my gaze, breaking it only to give me kisses with heartbreaking emotion wrapped in every brush of his mouth. There was something bittersweet about the way he took me, as if he had lost a battle. It was a battle within himself, but I gladly took the spoils.

Beneath him, spread open to his conquest, I gave myself over to his need. He whispered my name over and over, his voice husky with desire, affection and even fear. Although I received him, it seemed to me that he was more vulnerable at that moment.

His cock was just as hard and thick, his back as strong, his arms still capable. His muscles still rippled dense and firm under his smooth skin. But there was a depth, an indescribable nuance that transformed us as we pressed against each other.

I pulled my knees up against my sides, urging him to go farther, to reach forever into me. My clit ached as he pulled himself in and out of my pussy, dripping with my body's welcoming wetness. He began to groan, but his pace remained purposeful and heavy inside me. I locked my legs around his waist and my hands pulled his shoulders tight each time he reached the apex of a thrust. Our bones ground together with our bodies' desperate need to be closer, to have more.

Our orgasm was long and quiet. We locked onto each other and crashed into the spasms of ecstasy we knew well, yet not at all. Tristan collapsed against me and I held onto him for a long while.

"Stay with me," he whispered into my hair. "Stay safe, with me."

"I am safe," I answered. "Safe with you."

***

The plane touched down at Teterboro a little after seven in the evening, local time. I should have felt tired, but I was so keyed up and anxious that I couldn't wait to get off the plane. I wanted to be with my father. I knew he'd be just about losing his mind with worry.

Kwan got us to Park Slope in record time. I called ahead and Dad was waiting for me when the car pulled up outside our house. I could see him pacing in the living room--a shadow on the lace curtains that hung on the windows there.

There were cop cars on the street and a uniformed officer was sitting on the lower step in front of the house drinking a cup of coffee. Tristan and I bolted past him, taking the steps two at a time.

"Daddy!" I rushed into my father's arms.

"Oh, Angelcakes ..." he held me tight and I could hear him choking on his tears."It's all my fault. I should have shut my trap like your mom told me to."

"It's going to be all right, Daddy. We'll get her back." Even though I had seen my father cry on occasion--when Grandma died, when we lost Chester, his beloved cocker spaniel, even when his grandkids were born--it was still hard. I wiped the tears away from the corners of his eyes and kissed his worried brow.

Tristan was huddled in the corner with a couple of plain clothes guys and the man I instantly figured was Archie and the unmistakable George. George was even slighter than Kwan. Even though I knew the guys were capable, measured against the kind of men who I'd seen at occasional protests or rallies, the Asian men just didn't seem very intimidating.

I sat my father down at the kitchen table and went to get something to drink. I suppose I needed to do something--anything--to feel at least a little useful. My father accepted the glass of water I gave him and I sat down beside him. We waited for the group of men to finish their briefing. It was short; most of what needed to be said had already been handled by phone.

Tristan joined us at the table. He had a piece of paper in his hand that Archie had given him.

"This is your list of people who know your wife's nickname. I know you've been over this somewhat, but I'd like to go over the list again."

"I appreciate your efforts, Tristan, but I explained more than once that only our family and closest friends would call Marjorie 'Jazzy'. There has to be some mistake. Maybe George misheard something."

"Don, George has a heavy accent, but his hearing is perfect. I want you to consider the possibility that the kidnapping is not related to the union problem. Maybe someone is using the union issue as a convenient cover."

My father looked confused.

"Dad, how many people on that list know about Tristan and me?" Difficult as it was to accept, I was forcing myself to consider the possibility that Tristan wasn't just being paranoid. Dad looked at the list, but it was clear he was having trouble focusing. "This is important," I persisted.

"Honestly, I can't remember discussing the two of you with anybody. Why would I? I just met Tristan. You know I haven't time for gossip, even about you, Honey. I don't mean any disrespect to either of you, but until there's a ring on someone's finger ..."

Tristan smiled a little at that remark. "I completely understand. What about your wife?"

"I can't speak for her. She might have told any number of the hens she hangs around with. Why is this so important?"

"Because I think that it is very possible, I would say even likely, that someone abducted Marjorie to extort money from me. Your trouble with the unions would be the obvious rationale for the kidnapping and throw any investigation well off the scent."

"If they hadn't used Mom's nickname ..."

"Why you, Tristan? Who the hell are you? I've never even heard of you."

"It doesn't surprise me. I'm not a very public figure."

"Dad, Tristan is extremely ... wealthy ... and well connected," I motioned to the group in the corner of the living room. "As you have seen."

"So ..." my father spoke slowly, "your theory is that someone my wife spoke to connected the dots and used my union troubles as an opportunity to grab Marjorie?"

"What else would explain the 'Jazzy'?" Tristan asked.

"Lemme see that list again."

Eleven

By ten that night, I had broken my rule about no coffee after noon. Dad, Archie, Kwan, George, one of the FBI guys and I were all sitting at the table. We had managed to cross off most of the names on the list. Family members were the first to go. Most of them hadn't seen Mom and Dad since the whole drama began anyway.

By midnight we had come up with a short list. It was a distressing process. The short list had some of my parents' oldest and dearest friends on it. We were all exhausted when Archie and the FBI agent went to catch a little rest before they started quietly investigating. Meanwhile, we all waited for the call that would take us to the next step. When were we going to find out what the kidnappers wanted?

Dad leadenly crawled up the stairs when we decided there wasn't going to be a call that night. Kwan and George went down stairs to snooze while Hoc, the third bodyguard took up a watch on the steps. Tristan didn't really think we were going to see any trouble, but wasn't taking any chances.

"Let's get some sleep, too," I told him as I took his hand and led him up the stairs. "It's only a few hours until sunrise. You have to be as exhausted as I am."

"Someone needs to take the call."

"Tristan, I have Mom's cell, Dad's cell and you have yours. We'll put them all on the nightstand." Even though he looked like he wanted to argue with me, I could see the glaze of fatigue all over his face. I led him to my old room and opened the door.

It was pretty much the way I'd left it when I went off to college. Mercifully, I had gotten rid of the most embarrassing reminders of my teenage years, but the room still reeked of youthful innocence. Tristan grinned with delight when he took a look around.

I was never much for stuffed animals, but I loved my American Girl collection. The dolls still occupied an entire shelf above my dresser. On top of the dresser was my jewelry box. Tristan opened the white wooden lid and up popped the ballerina who still danced to the Nutcracker Suite. He fingered a couple of the trinkets inside--a heart shaped rainbow colored pendant, a broken silver bracelet, a key ring with a monkey hanging from it.

He placed them all back inside and gently closed the lid. "You spent a happy childhood in this room, didn't you?"

"Yes, I did. I never felt deprived of anything."

"I felt deprived of everything." He sat down on the well-loved quilt my grandmother had made long before I was born and stroked his hand across the faded squares. "My bedroom looked more like a hotel than a kid's room, at least after we moved into the city. A lot of my stuff got left behind. At the time, I didn't care and I think my father was just as happy not to be reminded of our life with my mother."

I took off his shoes and put them beside the bed. Then I gently pushed him back against the pillows. The double bed seemed terribly intimate after spending nights with him on board his plane and boat with their giant mattresses. He scooted over and made as much room for me as he could and I crawled in beside him. We lay there fully clothed and shifted into a spooned position, my back to his front.

I heard him sigh and remembered his caustic comment about his "delicate, damaged soul" on the way to Carcassone. Sarcastic, yes. But also true. He'd lost the two women he had loved most in the world. As I felt his body relax against me I told myself that I would do anything I could to make sure that he didn't lose me.

***

My mother's cell phone rang at 6:30. Tristan and I both became instantly alert.

"Answer it."

I pressed the button to answer the call and held my breath. "Hello?"

"It's me, sweetie." I was thrilled to hear my mother's voice even if she sounded ragged and scared. "I'm okay. Tell your father I'm okay." Then another voice came on the phone. I held the phone so that Tristan could also hear what was being said.

"No harm will come to her if you follow my instructions to the letter."

"What do you want?" I couldn't help but sound belligerent.

"You listen. I talk. One million, cash, circulated, non sequential $100 bills. Get it together and you'll get your instructions in 24 hours." Click.

I dropped the phone into my lap. Dad was standing at the door. He must have been sleeping with one ear straining like we were and heard the phone. Tristan had been right, after all. I had pretty much come to that conclusion anyway. It wasn't about the union at all. It was about Tristan and his money.

Tristan stood up and walked over to the window. "I'm so sorry, Don, Raina. I've brought trouble to your family. I can't begin to tell you ... oh God, I can't believe I allowed this to happen."

"You couldn't possibly have known," my father replied. But of course, I knew better. Tristan did know what kinds of things happen to billionaires and the people they care about. I felt chilled thinking about it. What kind of life would it be to have to look over your shoulder all the time? Much as I cared for him, was I willing to risk not just my safety, but that of the people I loved the most to be part of his life?

What about the future? What if we did move forward and made a life together? What about children? How did the very rich stand it? In an instant, I knew that my fantasies about Tristan were never going to become reality. How could I subject myself, my family and even my yet to be born children to a life of bodyguards and precautions, security systems and stealth?

It was all too much to think about. My mother was the focus of the moment. Not tomorrow, not yesterday. I summoned up all the strength inside me and turned my attention to the only thing that mattered. "Tristan, what's the next step?"

***

All sorts of uniformed and plain clothes folks had gathered at our kitchen table by eight o'clock. The general consensus was that there would be no contact for 24 hours, just as the voice on the phone had said. Other than getting the cash together, there wasn't much that their combined investigative power could do. A quick check of the cell phone indicated that the call had come from one of those pay as you go mobile phones, now likely at the bottom of the Hudson River.

"Those phones are a criminal's best friend. Used to be we could check phone records, and even if a perp used a public phone the location would give us something to go on. With these disposable phones, we got bupkis." The detective shook his head sadly. "I hate waiting."

I hated waiting, too. By nine, the house had cleared out pretty much. Just Dad, Tristan, the three bodyguards and I remained. Tristan had been on the phone, presumably to his banks, to arrange for the cash.

"If they were real pros, they'd have asked for a lot more and by wire transfer." Archie had remarked on his way out the door.

Of course, to me, a million sounded like a hell of a lot of money. Tristan didn't even bother to discuss that part. His biggest concern was having to wait 24 hours and his worry about my mother during that time.

My father was pacing like a caged animal. He announced that he was going to work because he had to "get the hell outside" and do something physical or he'd lose his mind. Hoc had taken the night shift, so George made a move to follow my father.

"Forget about it, George. I don't need watching. They've already got Marjorie. What more can they do to me?" No one was ready to argue with his logic so Dad took off down the block toward the subway by himself.

The three Laotian men disappeared downstairs. I could hear their sing-song-y rhythm of their language faintly through the kitchen floor.

"Would you like to get out of here, too?" Tristan asked me. "We could go into town ... I don't know. I could show you my apartment. We've got time to kill. Anything you want--just say the word."

There simply wasn't anything I could do for either of my parents at that moment. There was a waiting game to be played and, tough as it was, we all had to play it. I could spend the day pacing or I could go for distraction.

I was dying to see where Tristan lived, anyway. He had told me that the place in the Berkshires 'wasn't him' and I was hoping that I would get the chance to see a place that really reflected his style. "I'd like to see your place. Where is it?"

"Manhattan."

"That much I knew. Where in Manhattan?"

"Uh-uh. I'm going to surprise you."

Twelve

When Kwan pulled the car up in front of the Dakota, I nearly fainted. Home to celebrities and the mega wealthy, the historic old building was notoriously hard to get into. The rejected prospective tenant list reads like a Hollywood red carpet roll call.

The Dakota is a beautiful building. A lot of people say it looks creepy or haunted, but I disagree. I was trying hard not to appear awestruck when we crossed the lobby. The chandeliers, the dark wood, the rich carpets and wingback chairs all screamed old money and class.

When the elevator doors shut, Tristan wrapped his arms around me and claimed my mouth with a savage kiss. "I will make this right for us, Raina. I promise you." The old elegant elevator lumbered slowly to his floor. I wasn't in a hurry. His mouth and mine passed the time well enough.

The doors slid open and we crossed into his apartment. In spite of the fact that I was utterly ready for whatever he had in store for me, I had to gasp at the beautiful interior. It was blended elegance with a vengeance. The inlaid wood floors were strewn with oriental rugs and everything was done in rich shades of burgundy, blue and gold. Antiques, Chinese vases, crystal lamps, modern overstuffed couches and striking Impressionistic paintings all melded together into a harmonious and surprisingly comfortable looking whole.

"This is a beautiful apartment. Did you do this yourself?"

"Yes, I did. It's my refuge." He put his hand against a particularly delicate blue and white vase on the hall table. "Some of these things are from our old house."

I knew now, more than ever, why Tristan felt he needed a refuge. After living through the last few days I felt like I needed one, too. Once again I felt a chill shudder cross my shoulders when I considered the vigilance required in his lifestyle. He saw my body language, but mistook the source. His strong arms gathered me close to him.

"Make love with me. Find your way so close to me that everything disappears but you and I for as long as we can make it last."

I knew it wasn't a good idea. I knew I should be drawing back, not growing closer. But he had said 'make love'. The word had been spoken. Out loud.

He didn't give me any time for an internal argument. Gathering me in his arms, he kissed me with a compelling, passionate kiss that possessed me completely. His tongue found mine and played against it. He ran the tip up under my lips and bit softly on my lower one.

I laced my arms around his neck and tangled my fingers in the waves that spilled over his collar. He bent and put one strong arm under my knees and another one at my back and pulled me off my feet. As he carried me through the living room and into the opulent bedroom, I couldn't help but think that someday I'd love to be carried this way as his bride. I filed that thought in the "don't go there" file, determined to enjoy the here and now knowing this could well be the last time.

My dress had ridden up to just under my hip bones and he could see the tiny string bikini covering my sex. He leaned down and blew through the fabric. The warm moist heat of his breath stirred my clit to attention. My body had learned well how to react to him and appreciate his every move.

"Take off your dress, Raina." It wasn't a request.

I loved the control in his voice. He wasn't asking for anything, he was demanding it. For some odd reason it made perfect sense, in this context with this man. I knew what to do with myself, with a man, in the bedroom, but with him there was an element of something I had never experienced before. I wanted him to tell me what to do. My life felt so out of control. I needed him to command me. I craved the strength in him.

"Lay back against the pillows."

I did as I was told. He removed my shoes and placed my feet far apart on the bed, splaying my legs open. "Beautiful Raina." He stepped over to the side of the bed toward my head and pressed my hand into the front of his pants. "Feel that? Feel how much I want you already?"

I did feel it. I felt it hard and straining in his pants. I was so ready for that cock that was ready for me. I reached up to unfasten his belt. "No," he said. "I want you to watch me undress. But first ..." He pulled me away from the mountain of pillows and removed my bra. He dropped it on the chair behind him and returned his hands to my breasts. He held them in his perfect and powerful hands, first hefting their weight and squeezing them, then twisting the nipples between his thumbs and forefingers. I whimpered a little as they tightened under the painful pleasure. He smiled and leaned down to take each one in his mouth in turn and suck, popping off of the peaks with a smack. He gently placed my head and shoulders on the soft cushions.

"Mmmm. Delicious and so delicate."

His hands went to the strings at the side of my panties and he slipped them down over my hips. He brought my legs together so he could remove them and then spread me again afterwards. He leaned over and kissed me on my pussy just barely teasing over the folds and giving my clit a brief and tantalizing swirl before he stood. He went to the foot of the bed and said, "Bring your knees up and spread your thighs as far as you can get them."

I followed his instructions. I was naked and exposed. He began to remove his shirt excruciatingly slowly. "Touch yourself." He finally reached the last button. "I love it when you show me how you want me."

"Oh, God, I do want you," I replied.

"Don't tell me ... show me." He kept his eyes trained between my legs as I brought a tentative hand down to my mound. I was more prepared this time to give him what he wanted. I'd never even touched myself during sex until Tristan had told me to when he took me at Brian's. Now I knew the thrill of it and a mixture of excitement and self-consciousness gurgled inside me. I watched the movement of his muscles as he wriggled the shirt off his back and it slipped to the floor. He was so sleek, such a purely male animal. I groaned as my mind and my pussy registered the thought at the same moment. I didn't have to touch my folds to know that I was already dripping wet. "Give yourself permission, Raina. Silence the voices."

He could crawl right inside my head, that's for sure. I can't explain what held me back, but it was exactly as if there were little voices saying "no, no, no" inside my head. It was too intimate, and the intimacy compelled and frightened me at the same time.

He unbuckled his belt. My fingers found my clit and began a familiar dance of pleasure. I knew just the right pressure, just the right speed and having his eyes following every move I made heated me up in a way I could never have imagined.

His trousers fell to his feet and he kicked them off along with his loafers. He leaned down to take off his socks but his eyes never left my body. Finally, he shoved his boxers down and stood at my feet watching me. His cock was standing straight out from his body and the sight of him so hard--so hard for me--propelled my hand to a higher speed. I closed my eyes and let the sensations break over me.

"You're such a greedy one, such a hot pussy, greedy for cock."

The way he said things did something to me. His very tone made me want to satisfy his every desire. From another man, it might have been different. I might even have found it demeaning. But not with him.

I opened my eyes and watched him devouring the sight of me. He had a hand on his cock and was stroking it softly. It awoke another level of lust in me and I wondered if he was going to make himself come with me.

"Let yourself go. Come for me. Excite me."

I wasn't far from orgasm. Seeing him naked and ready in front of me, so fine, so fucking sexy pushed me over. I put more pressure than ever on my clit and began to moan as the contractions started deep within me and became a concentration of pleasure at my clit. The spasms were hard and sharp, as they always are when I masturbate. I kept his gaze for as long as I could, but squeezed my eyes shut when the sensation overtook me. I lapsed into the brief ecstasy of being completely alone with my climax.

I opened my eyes and he was at the side of the bed. "That was gorgeous. Absolutely perfect."

I glowed with his praise. I wanted to give him anything he wanted. Anything.

"Now, suck me off." He took my wrists in his hands and pulled me up to sit on the edge of the bed. Standing in front of me, his erection was inches from my face. He took it in his hand and bounced it against my cheek, sort of slapping me with it in a way that I found beyond erotic. I licked my lips, anticipating having him in my mouth.

He took my wrists again and placed my hands behind my head, holding them against my neck with one of his much larger ones. He put his other hand on my throat and guided my head toward his cock. I tasted the salty drop of cream that had appeared at the tip before he pressed himself into my mouth.

I was his vessel in every sense of the word. My hands were pinned and he was in control of every movement. He moved my head forward and matched that with small thrusts through my lips. He kept his eyes fixed on the sight of his swollen cock disappearing into my face.

There had never been a moment in my sexual experience that felt quite this way. He was using my body and yet I felt anything but used. His lust, his desire and his excitement transferred into me through some sort of intimate conduit and fueled a frenzy of passion deep inside me. I began to moan against him and he worked himself in and out.

He answered my sounds with groans and called my name repeatedly in the raspy voice of heat. There's something about hearing your own name like that, called out in a moment so primal, which fuels the fire. I sucked at him harder and urged him with my mouth to release into me.

I didn't have to wait long. I knew his climax was upon him when he stopped and held my head still, his cock as deep as I could take him. He released my hands and I immediately grasped the cheeks of his ass as he started to heave great sighs toward the ceiling. His hips jerked and his come hit the back of my throat in hot jets that I swallowed with great satisfaction, knowing I had pleased him.

He looked down at me and smiled. "There's no more beautiful sight than your mouth wrapped around my cock. God, you almost make me dizzy ..." He took my face in both of his hands and kissed me, first softly, then deeply.

"Can you taste yourself in my mouth?" I asked him.

"Just a little ..." He sat down beside me on the bed. "Funny, I don't think I've ever done that."

"Kiss a mouth you've just come in?"

He looked a little embarrassed. "Yeah, that."

"Tristan, you don't have to be shy about it. I've got no illusions about your experience." I put 'air quotes' around experience.

"Well, that was a new one, at any rate."

Somehow when he told me that we had done something he'd never done before I got a little thrill. I knew I could never be the first and nor could he be. But knowing I could be the first at something was gratifying nevertheless. It was a lot like finding out from Kwan that Elsa wasn't with him at Cap d'Agde.

***

We rummaged around in the kitchen for something snack on. It was lunchtime but neither one of us felt like going anywhere. For one thing, we didn't want to put any clothes on. I loved the idea of padding around Tristan's amazing apartment buck naked. He had introduced me to the joy of nudity. No matter what happened to 'us', I'd probably spend the rest of my life seeking new ways to shed my clothes.

I kept looking anxiously at the collection of cell phones that we carried from room to room. Tristan peered from behind the door of the refrigerator and caught me.

"We have done everything we can. I know you heard everyone agree that if the kidnappers said they'd call in 24 hours, that's when they'll call. My bank is gathering the money and I'll have it before they close today."

"It just seems so wrong to be ... well, enjoying myself so much when Mom is being held hostage."

"I understand. But, you know something? I can't think of anything we could have done that would have made more sense." He walked toward me across the kitchen and held me against him. "Is there anything more comforting?"

I pressed my cheek against his warm, bare chest and listened to his heart beat as he stroked my hair. "I'm scared, Tristan. Very scared."

"Of course you are. But your mother is going to be fine. Archie was absolutely right about this being an amateur job. Now that I'm sure it's not the union behind the abduction the more confident I am that we're going to come out on top."

"It isn't just about Mom. I believe you. I think she's going to be okay."

"What else is it about then?"

"I'm afraid to tell you."

"Look, I know I can be intimidating, but if something is frightening you, I want to know about it."

"Tristan, I'm not sure I can do this."

"Do what?"

"Us. I'm not sure I can deal with a lot of things about us."

"Is this really the right time, Raina?" He tilted my chin up to his face and crushed his mouth against mine. I wondered if it was possible to quell the reaction my body instantly had to his touch."I need to feel you near me today. I want your closeness. I want to fold you in my arms and never let you go."

It did make sense. I had a very bad habit, according to people who knew me best, of picking the worst possible moment to bring something important up.

"Will there ever be a 'right' time, Tristan?"

"Yes, there will be. I promise you that."

A promise. Well, I liked the sound of that. "Then," I decided to be bold and go for it. If he wanted to get all pissed off and ridiculous, now was as good a time as any to find out. "I expect you to keep that promise."

"You can count on it. But now..."

I could feel his cock beginning to stir against me. He wanted me again. And I wanted him. I wanted to obliterate the clouds of anxiety and the agony of uncertainty. I wanted to lose myself in the pure delight of fucking him because when he was inside me I felt whole. All my doubts shrank back in the force of our desire for each other. When he was inside me I felt invincible.

Thirteen

We were back in my parent's house by sunset. We both felt that Dad should have company for dinner and we could all be there in the morning when the phone finally, mercifully rang.

Dad didn't have much of an appetite for the delicious Italian meal we ordered in from Delmonico's. "C'mon, Daddy, it's your favorite," I urged him to eat. He had always been hugely complimentary any time we had their food.

"I have a confession to make," he said as he pushed the food around on his plate. "I've never really liked this stuff that much."

"But you've always said it was the best!"

"That was for your mother's sake. She loves a good Italian meal and I know how much work goes into one. All these years I've been telling her how much I love Delmonico's just to give her a break. To tell you the honest truth, your mother's lasagna beats the balls off of this stuff."

Tristan snorted with understanding laughter. "True love," he said.

My father sighed. "The greatest gift a man can ever have. My biggest wish for all three of my girls has always been that they find a man who adores them and treasures them as I have their mother."

"That's a wonderful thing to say, Daddy. You and Mom are very lucky."

"There's more to it than luck, Angelcakes. There's a lot more to it."

I thought of the sacrifices, the compromises, the highs and lows, the pregnancies and the children, the hours of work it took to raise and support us, the endless nights my parents climbed the stairs to bed hand in hand. I thought about how they had built family traditions for us and taught us how to be good people. I marveled at their patience with us when we tested them. I remembered their pride in us as each little success built our confidence and their sympathy as the inevitable defeats built our strength.

Then I thought of Tristan, cut off from all of that so early. Left to his own devices for so long. As I cleared away the plates and leftovers, I wondered if that kind permanent scars that depravation left. He knew virtually nothing of family after his mother died. How would that affect him if he ever decided to have children? Or was he completely serious when he said he wanted nothing to do with parenthood?

It was another hurdle, another possibly insurmountable obstacle to 'us'. I hadn't really given much thought to having a family of my own. I suppose I just assumed that it would happen naturally someday. But now, focusing on my childhood, on the wonderful parents I had been blessed with, I realized that it was terribly important to me and I didn't think I could be happy with a life that denied me that fulfillment.

Oh, Mom, hurry home. We need to talk.

***

Mom's cell rang at precisely six-thirty the next morning. By that time there were eight people sitting around the table staring at it. Of course it was on speaker and a recorder was standing by.

"Obviously, you come alone and unarmed. Get on the East River Ferry at Pier 11, Wall Street Station. Take the noon ferry. Put the money in a basic backpack and stow it under the last bench at the back of the ferry, furthest from the exit. Leave the ferry at the Brooklyn Bridge Park stop."

"When we have checked the bag and the contents thoroughly we will release your mother. Tell your team that we are watching. It is not difficult for us to find tracers, bugs, marks on bills or any other device your high tech team is considering using to find us. Don't risk bringing harm to your mother for the sake of a few dollars. You won't hear from me again."

After the phone went dead, Archie spoke. "As plans go, this isn't a terrible one. Crowded lunchtime ferry, knapsack, lot of water around. Not terrible at all."

The FBI guys started discussing the best way to wire the pack so they could track it. Tristan immediately broke in. "Apparently you didn't hear what the man on the phone said. I refuse to break any of his rules for the sake of a bag of cash. We're talking about someone who's a lot more important than money to a lot of good people."

"Mr. King, a serious felony has been committed."

"And I sincerely hope you apprehend the perpetrators. However, you are going to do that after Marjorie Harding is safe and back in the arms of her loving family. I hope that's clear."

Archie added his two cents. "My guess is that they'll ride the ferry and somehow transfer the money to another bag anyway. The backpack will go over the side. Given what we've learned about the number of people who know Marjorie's nickname, I'd say we have a darn good chance of tagging the perps by keeping an eye on the people on Don's list. Sooner or later, someone is going to want to spend that money more than a hundred bucks at a time."

"Even though I asked for used bills that are not in sequence, my bank had dozens of staffers record each serial number of every bill. It may be a tedious process, but there's a good chance that patience and persistence will eventually pay off," Tristan told the group. "At any rate it's our only option."

One of the NYPD detectives spoke next. "Mr. King, we haven't got the kind of manpower to conduct that kind of surveillance of a dozen people for weeks trying to pick up on a single serial number. That's going to take an outrageous outlay."

The FBI guys nodded in agreement.

"That's not going to be an issue. I'll handle the investigation through Archie's office. It will make him happy and give his people something to do." Tristan smiled and so did Archie. I figured that not only would Archie have to hire a small army of helpers, but also that this would be the biggest and most lucrative case of his humble career. "I promise you if they turn anything up, you'll be informed right away."

***

A million dollars in hundred dollar bills doesn't really look like much. There were twenty fat packets of hundred dollar bills in a canvas bag on our kitchen table. Archie did the honors of pulling them out and stacking them up in a neat pile so that we could all take a long look at them. Except for Tristan, of course. He had zero interest in the money.

What he was interested in was the clock on the microwave. The watch on his wrist. The old ship's clock on the mantle. The time display on his cell phone. If a man could move time by force of will, he would surely have done it. But the minutes dragged on and on.

Impatience and worry was etched all over his handsome face. "I hate that you have to be the one to do this, but we don't dare pull any stunts. Chances are, the kidnappers won't even board the ferry until after you've gotten off. They're counting on having the backpack go unnoticed until they come looking for it."

"Well, not too many New Yorkers are going to be poking under a seat trying to snag a strange backpack. I think we've all been trained not to touch things like that." I took his hand and gave it a reassuring squeeze. "I'll be okay, Tristan. I just want to get Mom back home."

***

I was concentrating on everything and on nothing as Kwan drove me across the Brooklyn Bridge and down FDR Drive toward Pier 11. The backpack sat beside me, mocking me.

Money. Funny how no one ever talks about the downside to a fortune. There are very few stories about what it costs to be in that elite group of people to whom the everyday worries of mortgages, kid's shoes or the electric bill simply don't exist. There's a downside to all that money. And the downside can be deadly.

My brain hurt from all the thinking. My heart ached because I knew what I had to do.

Tristan wasn't going to put the brakes on. It had to be me. Oh, I could probably annoy him enough with questions and neediness to drive him away, but I didn't want to whine my out of the relationship. And, chances were very good that he could seduce his way out of any serious discussions anyway.

Tristan King was not what I wanted out of life. I wanted a lifetime of expectations, the traditional kind with children and grandchildren. I wanted a home that wasn't a fortress. Safety and security, love and affection and a simple life was best for a girl like me. He was anything but simple and every day with him was living on an edge that I was certain to fall off of sooner or later.

It seemed like an eternity before we came to the pier. Kwan wished me luck as I got out of the car. I wasn't feeling lucky. I was scared and not just because of Mom. I was scared that I was planning to walk away from the only man who'd ever made me feel really alive. A man who could captivate my very soul and literally put the world at my feet.

I looked around, suspicious of every person on the boat. Who was the bad guy? Suddenly everyone looked dangerous even though all the agents and the cops told me that the kidnappers probably wouldn't even get on until I disembarked at the Brooklyn Bridge.

It wasn't even a five minute ride. I pushed the backpack under the last seat as far as it would go. I didn't look back as I got off the ferry.

Come and get it, assholes. Just let my mother go.

I took a taxi back to the house. A plain yellow cab just like millions of New Yorkers take every day. The windows weren't tinted, the carpet was dirty and the driver smelled like curry and cigarettes. It was comforting and bittersweet. The kind of ride that suited Raina Harding--Brooklyn native, recent recipient of useless degree, going home to the home I grew up in and the bedroom I'd be sleeping alone in, probably for a long, long time.

