"Something wrong?" Mr. Stone said, his voice going flat.

I gulped and felt for the clasp on the leather collar but my fingers had suddenly turned into bumbling sausages. I saw a brief flicker of relief on his face and he reached for the collar but I pulled it away from him. He frowned and then sat up straighter, moving away from me.

Put it on, put it on, put it on!

I was willing myself to unclasp it and wrap it around my neck. To say yes to his proposal. Why was I so afraid? And why couldn't I say yes?

He held my fingers with his hand, stopping me fumbling with the clasp and looked deep into my eyes. I felt like he could see right through me. That he could see I held a secret inside that was far darker than his.

"Give me an answer," he growled.

The silence stretched out for another moment. All I could hear was his breathing, the sound of the wind in the trees and the distant pounding of the waves on the shore. I just needed a minute. And another minute. And another...

I squeezed my eyes shut.

"I can't wear it."

I felt him move off the bed. I opened my eyes to find him dressing and I suddenly felt very exposed in my nakedness. Mr. Stone stopped halfway through buttoning up his shirt and looked down at the ground with such an expression of pain that I wanted to dive across the bed and hug him and promise that I would wear his collar.

But I didn't move.

"Can you tell me why?" he asked. I again got that feeling from him of a volcano barely held in check.

Sure I could tell him. Your company almost destroyed my home town and then got away with it. I joined just so I could hurt you. Then you took my heart and removed your armor. I want you but I'm afraid if I tell you the truth it will destroy everything.

"I'm ... not ready," I finally said, my face burning in shame.

A tear ran down my nose and dripped on to the bed. I had to hold it together. I would not cry in front of him.

Mr. Stone reached across the bed and pulled me towards him, wrapping his arms around me. The heat of his body and the strength of his arms just made it worse and I let out half a sob. Mr. Stone knelt down and kissed away my tears.

"I need you Delilah," he said and then with that, stood up and passed me a thick white robe from a drawer under the bed. His face was smooth and unreadable. I didn't know if he was angry or disappointed or something else entirely and I didn't have the strength to ask. Mind-melting sex followed by intense emotional confusion had spun me around and worn me out. I just wanted to sleep. To be close to him and spend ... time.

I stood up and wrapped the robe around me and then Mr. Stone motioned for me to follow him.

*

We left the maze and with every step on the grass I found myself actually calming. The high walls of the maze were thick green and the grass was soft and cool. We walked in silence but the anxious part of my mind seemed to have disconnected somewhat. My rambling thoughts were as distant as the ocean waves.

As we walked towards the mansion I noticed a small red mud-brick house built into the garden. It had vines twining through it and blue flowers dangling down from the roof.

"That's an unusual building..."

"I built it," he said, not turning around. "For someone I knew a lifetime ago," he added.

I wanted to ask more but we were soon at the mansion and I followed him up the steps and inside. Everything seemed out of place now - the carpet too thick, the lights too bright. Even the polished wood floor seemed to be freezing.

He stopped at the foot of the stairs and turned around.

"There is a driver out front who will take you wherever you want. I need to go now."

Mr. Stone stepped closer and I just wanted to wrap my arms around him and hold him but it wasn't to be. He caressed the back of my neck and then quickly kissed me on the cheek before turning away.

He walked away, looking like he was back in standard Mr. Stone mode but I could see my refusal had wounded him.

*

I dressed in all of two minutes and then flew out the front door like I was late for the ball. Mr. Henry smiled at me and I forced one in return. How many girls had he seen running out of this mansion?

The driver turned out to be a petite Japanese woman named Mi-oh who bowed and then surprised me with a French-Canadian accent. And the car? A limo.

"Where will I be taking you today?" she asked once I was inside.

I gave her my address and then sat back on in the chair feeling that the limo was a cruel joke. This really was like the ball in reverse. I'd been with my dark and damaged Prince and now I was returning alone to my average life having broken his heart.

We left the mansion, the wheels crunching on the gravel and I didn't look back even once. I couldn't bear it.

Mi-oh soon started chatting as we drove and I found her accent soothing. We were soon talking about our home towns and she told me about her Japanese mother and Canadian father who met while in Berlin as students. I got lost in her stories and by the time we reached my apartment block, I was actually laughing.

She winked at me before driving away and standing there in front of my building in the warm sun, life's problems suddenly didn't seem so bad.

*

I opened all the curtains in my tiny apartment and let the light stream in. Scavenged bookshelf, fading sofa and a decor by IKEA but it was home. I had a shower and found myself thinking about Mr. Stone in a distant abstract kind of way. It was like I'd run out of emotions - both good and bad. I smiled at the memory of chasing through the maze and then the crazy sex that followed and felt a distant pull of sadness when I turned down Mr. Stone but I didn't cry.

I dried myself and dressed in comfortable jeans and a faded t-shirt I'd had since I was sixteen. I sat on my sofa and flicked through channels with the television on mute. Things were happening in the world but I was watching them without seeing. Somehow the crazy ups and downs had exhausted me enough that I could think logically through this all.

Tell Mr. Stone the truth and let happen whatever would happen.

Wear the collar and tell him the truth later on.

Don't wear the collar and never tell him the truth.

Wear the collar and never tell him the truth.

The anger that had driven me to join Stone-Black was still there but my feelings for Mr. Stone had pushed it away. But what did that mean? Stone Pharma had pumped some bad stuff into the groundwater and people had gotten very sick. Some other branch of their company running a quarry on the side of town had followed this up with some illegal dumping of their own that virtually guaranteed no crops would grow for fifty years. Sick people plus no farming and Bedford had changed from a thriving town to a blip on the road people didn't bother to stop at.

Was I saying that because I was fucking Mr. Stone I didn't care what had happened?

But I wanted him...

I turned the television volume on and watched a show where an English couple transformed a dilapidated barn into a stunning modern house. Everything followed so neatly and their problems were easily overcome.

I found myself wishing life could be that way.

*

Some time that night my emotions returned and with them a thousand thoughts of Mr. Stone. Him caressing me. Pulling me across the bed. Brushing a crop over my inner thigh. I found myself getting hot and bothered and wishing he was here with me.

I took myself to the kitchen and drank a glass of water chilled with floating ice-cubes. The cold helped but the sound of the clinking ice-cubes didn't. Mr. Stone sitting in his chair by firelight and me standing naked before him. Mr. Stone bending me over the sofa...

I managed to make it to bed without touching myself but it was a close thing.

Sunday went by in a blur of domestic tasks and moments when I found myself fantasizing about Mr. Stone. In the vegetable section of the supermarket I saw a rather large carrot and then quickly walked myself around to stand in front of the dairy case to cool down after my brain served up scenes of Mr. Stone naked with his thick cock sticking out in front of him. It was ridiculous and frustrating and hot and stupid all at once. I felt hot and stupid and by the time I was home in the late afternoon I'd decided I'd tell him the truth. I'd dress as sexy-as-hell, walk into his office without asking and tell him where I was from and why.

It was some sort of plan, right?

I arrived at the office the next day dressed in red heels, a black skirt, white blouse and black cardigan. It doesn't sound like much but with the support bra underneath and just a touch of make-up, I was babin'.<br/>

I. Was. Going. To. Fuck. His. Brains. Out.

Except the office was empty.

I was about to swear in disappointment when I saw something sitting on the desk that took my breath away.

It was the leather collar.

I approached his desk and the collar and had that squirmy crazy feeling rise up within me. I felt Iike I was back in his secret dungeon surrounded by sex toys. The doors closed behind me and I found myself standing in front of his desk looking at the collar, my heart pounding.

I picked it up and felt the supple leather warm almost instantly to my touch. This time my fingers were cooperating and I unclasped the collar before stopping and holding my breath. I wanted to put it on. I wanted to wear his collar. I wanted him to fuck me while I wore it. I wanted to be owned.

I reached down with one hand and pressed my fingers against my sex. I was so hot and wet and I couldn't help myself moan at the pressure.

I heard a soft click behind me and I nearly jumped out of my skin but there was no one there. I rushed over to the door and found it was locked.

"I gave you very specific instructions Ms. Neri."

His voice surrounded me. Hidden speakers. He was watching.

I whipped the collar behind my back, my face burning red, and heard him laugh.

"Stand in the middle of the room, little slave," he commanded.

I felt a thrill of anticipation run through me and an image of him spanking me while bent over his desk arose in my mind.

"Now!" he commanded.

I scurried to the middle of the room, my heart thudding once more in my chest. Of course he would have cameras in here. He wanted to be in control.

There was another click and automatic blinds lowered, blocking out the bright sunny day. As they did, dim indirect lights glowed on, casting warm shadows around the room. A brighter light turned on above me. I was standing in a spotlight like I was a performer up on stage.

"You must make amends for your disobedience," Mr. Stone said, his voice low. "Do as I say and the consequences will be light."

I squeezed the collar in my hands and swallowed. "Yes, Sir."

"Take off your clothes."

Still holding the leather collar in my hand, I took off my cardigan and unbuttoned my blouse with trembling fingers. I unzipped my skirt and stepped out of my heels. I slipped out of my pantyhose and then I was left in my bra and underwear. I undid the clasp of the bra and dropped it to the ground next to me, just like I had when I saw him in the center of the maze. My nipples were hard and pointing out and the rasp of the fabric across them made me catch my breath.

Finally I hooked my fingers in the sides of my underwear and slipped them off. I dropped them on my pile of clothes and stood up, completely naked, the leather collar in my hand.

"Pinch your nipples, little slave," he said.

I raised my trembling hands to my breasts and took a nipple between each thumb and forefinger. I still had the leather collar in my left hand and it brushed against my body. He hadn't told me to put it on or to put it down so I held it as I obeyed his instructions.

I felt twin lines of pleasure running down my body to my sex as I gently pinched and teased my nipples. I wanted to ask if he was here, if he'd come rushing in from the room on the side of his office but I stayed silent. I would follow his instructions.

"Put your red heels on, little slave, and turn around for me," he said.

I stepped into my heels and felt a rush of heat as I saw myself reflected in the shiny surfaces as I moved on the spot. I saw the wild look in my eye, my nipples red and jutting and my sex, hot and wet.

"Sit in my chair," he commanded.

The light above his chair increased in intensity to form another spotlight. I walked over there, unable to stop my hips swinging lasciviously. I felt bad. I wanted to be bad. I sat down on the soft cool leather, feeling it the texture of it against my ass.

"Put your heels on the edge of the desk," Mr. Stone said. His voice sounded darker, more intense and I wondered if he had his cock out. Was he touching it as he watched me?

I pulled myself back in the chair and put my heels up on the edge of the desk. I had to scoot my ass forward and in this position, I naturally tilted back and my legs opened. Well, a little. I spread my legs to show my sex to Mr. Stone.

"You like this don't you, little slut."

It wasn't a question but I answered anyway. "Yes, sir." My voice was high and breathy, like I'd been running.

I had my hands clenched on the arms of the chair, wanting to reach down to touch myself. Willing myself to hold on until he commanded me to.

There was a click from the desk beside me and the middle drawer slid out. Resting in a foam indentation was a thick gold vibrator of the soft jelly type. It looked familiar...

"Lick the tip," he commanded.

I reached over and removed the vibrator before shuffling myself back into position. I raised it to my lips and closed my eyes as I slid it into my mouth.

It was his cock. It was the same shape and size and some part of my brain not spinning crazy from being so horny made some comment about what mad billionaires get up to just to fill the days.

I slid the cock back and forth, running my tongue over it, imagining it was Mr. Stone. It wasn't hard with his scent all around me and the recent memory of it to help me along.

"Take it out of your mouth and turn it on," he said.

I opened my eyes as I pulled the cock out of my mouth. It was like I was drugged or something. My eyelids felt heavy and most thought had vanished. I was trapped in this moment, following his instructions.

The base of the vibrator turned and a low hum filled the room. I felt my fingers vibrating, the sensation running down my arm.

"Touch your clit with my cock," he said.

I swear my temperature jumped a few degrees at the sound of his voice. I lowered the vibrator, wanting to touch it against my nipple but knowing he hadn't given me that instruction. I felt a spring winding inside me as the tip of the cock touched my clit. The buzzing vibration flowed out from the center of me and I pressed down harder, letting out an involuntary moan.

"Show me how much you love my cock," Mr. Stone said.

I began slowly moving the vibrating cock around my clit and then down so it rubbed against my wet pussy. I resisted pushing it into me although all I wanted was to feel stretched out by it. Down and up and back to my clit. Down and up and back to my clit. My gasps became moans and my moans became short breaths and sighs. Muscles inside me began to twitch uncontrollably and I silently begged him permission to come.

He must have read my mind because I heard his voice over my gasps.

"Come for me, little slave."

As soon as he gave permission, my body lost control. I rubbed the vibrating cock against my clit as a wave of tension rose and then broke over me. My heels jarred on the side of the desk as my legs trembled.

"Fuck it," he said.

I moaned through my orgasm and pushed the cock into me. I was so wet it slid straight in, the cool jelly warming quickly. I pushed down on the cock and the tip inside me pushed upwards, still vibrating. Oh god, I loved this position. To have Mr. Stone over me with his cock buried deep in my pussy, pressing my legs back against my chest. I pulled the cock out of me and slid it back in with another gasp. My orgasm had stretched out and this new buzzing from inside threatened to undo me completely.

"I want you to scream for me little slave," Mr. Stone commanded.

There was a click to my right and a black wall-screen turned on. I saw myself from above, my legs spread obscenely with red heels on the side of Mr. Stone's desk. I was fucking myself with the vibrator and my face and body were flushed red. Then the image changed to a naked man only seen from the thighs up to his chest. It was Mr. Stone. I moaned as I saw him grip his throbbing cock and stroke it in time to me fucking myself.

"Scream for me," he commanded and I let go entirely. I screamed in pleasure as I came, my legs moving together and apart and my hips jolting uncontrollably. I heard Mr. Stone give a sharp intake of air and then I saw him come, a powerful hot stream shooting out of his cock. I wanted it, wanted him to be here with me, fucking me.

Finally the waves of pleasure diminished and I slipped the vibrator out of me, feeling a final burst of warm as the tip of it touched my sensitive clit. My eyelids were doubly heavy now and through my unfocused vision I saw Mr. Stone stand up before the screen shut off, returning to black.

"You have done well, little slave. Get dressed and go."

He was breathing heavily and I smiled at the idea of him coming from watching me fucking myself with a vibrator. I turned it off and dropped it back into its drawer. Then I pushed myself away from the desk and stood up, my legs wobbling like jelly.

Through all that I'd kept hold of the leather collar in my hand and I was tempted to put it on, just for him.

He must have read my mind again.

"Leave the collar," he commanded, his voice returning to normal.

I placed it on the desk and then used it to help myself walk around the other side. As I got dressed the blinds rose and the lights returned to full strength. By the time I was buttoning my blouse the office was bright and airy and you could almost believe nothing had happened here.

I looked up at the ceiling where there had to be a camera. I couldn't see it but I knew Mr. Stone was still watching. When I heard the lock of his door click open, I looked up and blew him a kiss.

Then I poked out my tongue and got the hell out of there before he had a chance to lock the door.

As it closed behind me I heard him laugh.

*

I spent a few minutes in the ladies room on the bottom floor to cool myself off before leaving the building. My neck and cheeks seemed determined to stay flushed with spots of red no matter what and in the mirrored elevator on the way down I saw myself looking precisely like a girl who'd just had some spectacular orgasms. A young clean-cut man in a suit did a bit of a double-take when he saw me and then smiled to himself all the way to the lobby.

Once I was outside it got a little better. It was still mid-afternoon, getting close to four and there was a cool breeze sweeping down the street. I knew I didn't officially finish until five but there was no way I could stay in the office after what had just happened.

I walked down the street towards my bus-stop grinning like an idiot the whole way.

The next day at the office was filled with more emailed tasks from Mr. Stone and I got through most of the day without being sidetracked by thoughts of him. I didn't find any more information on business in my home town and I wasn't yet ready to start snooping around without direct instruction just yet.<br/>

Mi-oh must have seen my discomfort when I finally got out of the car. I was clenching my purse and feeling like I was wearing old wheat sacks rather than actually-pretty-cute jeans and a top that, for once, didn't come out of the bargain bin.

"You're gorgeous and the big boss has it bad for you. And these girls in here will take care of you. Have fun!" She waved her hand at the boutique behind her and gave me another wink. She looked so ridiculously cute that I just had to laugh and I instantly felt better.

I walked up to the boutique feeling like I was ready for anything. Before I reached the door, a beautiful girl with dyed red hair and a full-length arm tattoo opened it for me. She gave me a glass of champagne and pulled me inside.

It was like a bunch of supermodels had decided to open a boutique. Except these supermodels had tattoos and piercings and had spent years studying how to not just look sexy but be sexy.

"You're Delilah. I'm Alma. Mr. Stone has told us to take very good care of you."

She held up her glass and we clinked them together.

"Cheers to sexy billionaires," she said.

Cheers to sexy billionaires indeed.

That night, Mi-oh pulled us up in front of Mr. Stone mansion after driving past a row of cars each more expensive than the last.<br/>

He glanced up at me and then held my gaze, his face smooth and unreadable. Then he winked and slid his free hand into his jacket pocket. I was so absorbed with seeing him that I didn't realize what him sliding a hand into his pocket meant until it happened. The powerful vibration surged to life and I gripped the banister, holding on so I wouldn't collapse to the ground.

Somehow I managed to hold his gaze when all I wanted to do was moan and fold down to the ground. The buzzing stopped and Mr. Stone removed his hand from his jacket and waved at me to come down to him. I took a deep breath, put my shoulders back and, keeping a firm grasp of the banister, walked down the stairs. Halfway down I saw Mr. Stone smile at me, down his scotch and then excuse himself from the group of men.

He met me at the bottom of the stairs and held out his hand to me. I took it and stepped down, feeling like I had floated all the way.

"You are beauty itself," he said.

He smiled at me but then winked again and I suddenly remembered the switch he had in his pocket. At any moment he could press it...

"Thank you, sir," I said, the essence of formality.

He stepped closer to me, his strong arm encircling my waist, his lips near my ear. I breathed in his scent and felt myself relaxing.

"I will tear this dress off you later," Mr. Stone whispered in my ear and then stepped back. To everyone watching, it may have just looked like a quick embrace but my heart was thudding at the thought of being with him again.

"Now come with me," he said and led me through the crowd.

As we approached a group of women gathered around an older women holding court, a low vibration started, causing me to breath in sharply. Mr. Stone glanced at me but said nothing. The group of women moved away leaving the older woman waiting for us.

"Jackson Stone you must learn to return phone calls." She wiggled her finger at him and he smiled in return. I tried to smile but even the low buzz was making it difficult to focus. "And who is this beautiful girl?" she added.

"Ms. Delilah Neri, my date. Delilah, this is Andrea Wright, owner of Wright Technologies and currently on the cutting edge of solar panel research and manufacture."

"Number one in the sun," she deadpanned and held out her hand to me. I smiled and her and shook it, hoping that the beautiful madman next to me would have the sense to shut off the vibration so I could talk. The buzzing suddenly ceased, as though he'd read my mind.

"Very nice to meet you, Ms. Wright. I've read a lot about you." As I said it, I realized it was actually true. In the mass of contracts and work I'd done this week I'd read plenty about her and her company. They were simultaneously partners and competitors with Stone-Black, sometimes working together and sometimes competing against each other.

"Call me Andrea. All my Swedish tennis instructors do," she said and grinned at me. She laughed and walked away to a young blond hunk in a suit nearby who handed her a drink.

"That's her son, not her tennis instructor," Mr. Stone whispered to me. "She has a strange sense of humor," he added. He smiled at me and suddenly the buzz was back, full power. I felt my knees go weak and I bit my lip.

"How are you feeling Ms. Neri?" Mr. Stone asked.

"Just wonderful," I answered, gritting my teeth. The buzzing stopped and I managed to hold back my sigh of relief. Another moment and I would have been on the ground, howling like a mad woman.

Mr. Stone led the way again, this time directing me to a handsome man in his early thirties. As we reached him, the vibration started on low again.

"My business partner, Matt Black."

Like his surname, Mr. Black had dark hair and dark eyes the verged on black. I'd seen the odd photograph of him but never one of he and Mr. Stone together. He was as tall as Mr. Stone and it was a good thing they were never photographed together because the sheer sexual energy of that picture would melt any woman into a puddle.

"Good to meet you, Delilah," he said and kissed my hand.

His eyes were twinkling, like he held some deep secret, but there was something in him that made my skin suddenly crawl. It sounded like he'd said good to mate you, Delilah. The buzzing stopped and I smiled politely at him.

"Very good to meet you too," I said and took my hand back.

"I have heard so many wonderful things about you from Jackson. Your extraordinary work for the company. How you go to great lengths to provide the very best."

He grinned at me and I felt myself flush red. Had Mr. Stone told him about us together? They were business partners and presumably friends. What did he know?

"Always a pleasure," Mr. Stone said in a flat voice.

"I hope to see you again," Mr. Black said and winked at me before walking away to join a beautiful woman near the window.

I looked at Mr. Stone and saw the expression on his face. It was more than simple annoyance. He was actually angry. Then it washed away and he smiled at me before leading me across to the bar. He handed me a glass of white wine and ordered a scotch on the rocks for himself.

"No one has a photograph of you two together you know," I said, seeing what I could find out.

"Photographs are for friends," he said and swallowed half his scotch in one gulp. I sensed I was walking on thin ice here but I needed to know more.

"Weren't you friends? I thought you started the business -"

"We were. Once," he said and swallowed the rest of the scotch before depositing the glass in the hands of a waiter who appeared from nowhere.

"So many questions," he murmured and stroked his fingers down my back. His voice was soft and he was almost smiling but I could feel the hard edge under it. Question time was over. I sipped my white wine and missed his hand slipping into his pocket. The vibration started and I clenched the stem of my wine glass, holding on for dear life. I managed to gulp down the wine and set the glass down on the bar before I had to step into Mr. Stone and grab on to him. I simply couldn't hold back any more. I squeezed my eyes shut, tried to hold my breath, clenched my hands but nothing worked. Mr. Stone smiled down at me, his eyes absorbing. He pulled me closer and kissed my cheek.

"Come now, little slave," he whispered.

His words were like the switch in his pocket. I came, shuddering and shaking against him, unable to even hold myself up. The vibration hit a crescendo and then vanished, leaving me trembling in his arms. I felt his hard cock pressing up against me and wanted it inside me. I managed to compose myself, even as I felt ripples of pleasure still flowing through me.

"Are you always so obedient?" he murmured to me.

"No sir," I said.

I felt his arms tighten around me, pulling me closer.

"I want you now," he whispered. He suddenly stepped away, holding me by the hand and begun pulling me through the crowd. I followed as well as I could but he moved so quickly I was nearly wrenched off my feet. We practically ran up the stairs, moving so fast I couldn't see if anyone was watching us. As soon as we turned the corner of the corridor leading to his study, he turned and pulled me to him.

"You went into my office without permission," he said, his hand stroking down the curve of my back and lightly brushing across my ass.

"I was going to fuck you, sir," I answered, twisting his shirt in my hand.

He smacked me on the ass and before I could say anything else, hauled me down the corridor by the arm. I felt like I was being arrested. He hustled me through his study and through the door that was hidden in the wall. A moment later and he used the small black key to open the dungeon door and pulled me inside.

As the indirect lights came on, he dragged me across to a small wooden platform. I stepped up on it without him instructing me to.

"Put your hands up," he said, his voice dark.

I raised my arms above my head. Mr. Stone stepped closer to me and then ran his hands down my body. Suddenly he tore my dress, splitting it down the middle. The thin straps split in his hands and soon my ridiculously expensive dress was a pile of material on the ground, leaving me topless in the vibrating underwear I couldn't remove and my super high heels.

He reached up above me. I looked up and saw Mr. Stone clamp my wrists in leather restraints lined with wool. They were connected to a thick silver chain that hung from a solid wooden beam. Once my arms were restrained, he again stroked his hands down my body, the tips of his fingers lightly brushing my nipples and causing me to moan.

"Quiet," he said and swatted me on the ass.

He stepped away from me and pulled his phone out of his jacket pocket. He tapped the screen and the low vibration started again. I was already sensitive from the last orgasm and so even this made my mind go blank. I managed to keep my mouth shut however and my sighs bottled up inside me.

Mr. Stone watched me for a moment as I held his gaze. His eyes were dark pools of blue-green and he looked like he wanted to consume me.

"Technology," he said and winked at me before tapping his phone again.

The vibration kicked up a notch and I nearly squealed at the feeling pushing through me. Then I felt my platform move. I thought it was just a wooden step but it was actually built into the ground. As it slowly sank I heard the chain above me move. I was soon on tip-toe, my arms stretched above me. The platform stopped in place, leaving me trembling to hold myself in place.

"You should not have gone into my office without permission little slave," he said. He tapped his phone again and the vibration kicked up to full power. My legs jolted and suddenly the step was gone and I was hanging by my wrists. I was completely helpless before him, unable to stop him doing whatever he wanted to me. A moan escaped my lips and I closed my eyes as the vibration from the underwear surged through me. What had brought me to my knees in the corridor when I first put them on hadn't been full power. I couldn't think. My entire world had shrunk to the sensation between my legs.

Suddenly the vibration stopped and Mr. Stone pulled the underwear off me. He had stripped down and I barely had a moment to appreciate his cut body before he pulled my legs up and slammed his cock into me.

He wrapped his arms around me even as I put my legs around him and started fucking me furiously. He bit my neck and then moved his head down to take a nipple between his teeth. I squealed as he nipped me with his teeth, feeling first the pain and then the hot rush of pleasure. With every stroke of his cock into me I heard the chain clinking above us.

"I need you," he grunted, pulling his hand up to enclose my throat. I couldn't answer because I was gasping with his every movement. I felt his fingers tighten and between his hand on my throat and his cock pounding into me I couldn't take it any longer. I cried out as I came again, trying to pull myself on to him, trying to pull myself away from him. I opened my eyes and found he was an inch away from me, our noses nearly touching. I heard him gasp and then felt him come, his arm tightening around me, his hand tensing on my throat.

Somewhere between my hitching breaths and aftershocks he undid the restraints and lowered me to the floor. I leaned against his naked body, hearing his heart thudding in his chest.

"Will you be mine?" he asked, stroking my back with his fingers.

This time there was no doubt in my mind.

"Yes, sir," I said, looking up into his eyes.

He turned away from me and picked up his suit jacket which he'd thrown over a tall wooden bench. He reached into the pocket, pulled out the black leather collar and turned back towards me. He'd been carrying it with him this entire time! Just waiting for this moment.

Holding his gaze, I pulled my hair and away from my neck and then turned my back on him. I heard Mr. Stone move behind me and then felt the warm band of leather encircle my neck. There was a soft snick as the clasp closed and with that sound, I knew I was his completely.

I turned around to face him and saw he was watching me, looking into my eyes. But what was he looking for? I raised my fingers to the collar and felt myself shiver. To be possessed. To be his.

To be owned.

"I'm yours, sir," I said.

He stepped closer to me and kissed me.

"I know," he said.

With that, he took me by the hand and led me out of the room. For a moment I worried we'd be seen by the party guests but as soon as we stepped out into the corridor I realized the guests must have all gone home. The mansion was quiet and still. We stopped off in the guest bedroom to grab two thick white robes and then he led me down the corridor, past the main stairs and down the corridor that stretched off the other side. It turned and we ascended another staircase.

I was dizzy enough from the sex (and floating along wearing the collar) but I quickly realized he was taking me to his bedroom. I wasn't going to be sleeping in the guest room or sent home in a limo with Mi-oh.

Soon we reached a set of large black mahogany doors and Mr. Stone used the small black key again. They opened inwards and he led me inside before they closed behind us. Against the wall was a simply gigantic bed, like someone had joined two king size beds together and then decided that wasn't quite enough. As soon as I saw it, I felt a wave of sleepiness wash across me. I wanted to be in it, nestling against Mr. Stone. He led me across the room to the window and I looked down into the grounds behind the mansion. Tiny solar lights glimmered throughout the garden and I smiled at the sight of the hedge maze. Mr. Stone stepped behind me and wrapped his arms around my body before gently kissing my neck.

I smiled and felt my body tingle as I refocused on his reflection in the window. I had seen angry Mr. Stone. I had seen cold. I had seen furious. Just for a moment, I caught a glimpse of content.

Without another word between us he pulled me away from the window and to his bed. We slipped under the sheets and my head was only on his chest a moment before I was asleep.

*

The next morning I awoke and found Mr. Stone was gone.

I sat up, feeling warm and relaxed and saw a gold envelope sitting on the end of the bed. I quickly rubbed the sleep out of my eyes and opened it.

I will be away on business for the next few days. We will begin your training on Wednesday morning in the office. There is a driver waiting to take you home once you have had breakfast.

You will learn how to please me.

I shivered, imagining all that he had in store for me. Training in the office? What did he mean?

I stretched and then brought the note up to my lips, smelling his faint scent on it. I was still sore and worn out from yesterday but the scent of him made my skin tingle and my heart start to beat faster. I suddenly remembered what I'd agreed to and reached up to feel the leather collar around my neck.

I was his.

*

After a shower, I found a pile of clothes in my size in the en suite that fit me perfectly. I dressed and then after a quick breakfast prepared by Nadine, Mr. Henry led me out the front of the mansion where a limo was waiting. He opened the door for me and I slipped inside.

"The driver will take you home miss," said Mr. Henry.

"Thank you so much," I said as he closed the door.

I gathered it wasn't Mi-oh driving me home this time. The driver kept the barrier up between us but I barely noticed. I kept touching the collar around my neck and remembering last night. I was so lost in daydreams that I didn't realize I was home until the car stopped.

The driver opened the door for me and I stepped out and almost into him.

Mr. Stone.

Dressed in a tuxedo.

I squealed as he grabbed me and pulled him hard against him, our lips meeting in a passionate kiss. He pushed the car door closed behind me and then I was against the car, feeling his cock press up against me.

He finally broke off the kiss, leaving both of us gasping. All I wanted was to fuck him right now.

"I will see you Wednesday," he said and gave me a final kiss.

"You bastard," I said, panting.

He raised an eyebrow at me.

"You bastard, sir," I said.

He raised his hand to my throat and took hold of the collar with two fingers.

"You belong to me and you will obey," he said.

With that he moved me away from the car and got back in the driver's seat, leaving me standing on the footpath panting like I'd just run ten blocks. He drove away and I didn't know whether to laugh or throw my shoe at the retreating limo.

I floated into my building and then took the elevator up to my floor, trying to clear my head but all I could think about was Mr. Stone. By the time I reached my apartment I was determined to give myself a cold shower or a good slap in the face so I could regain my senses.

But as soon as I stepped inside my door, I felt a cold rush come over me like I'd dived into an ice pool.

Sitting on my scarred and battered coffee table was a single A4 photograph. It was a young girl at a protest. She was yelling and holding a Molotov cocktail. Her face was filled with rage and fear.

It was me, age sixteen.

I turned the photo over and stuck on the back was a print-out from my hometown local paper.

STONE PHARMA BURNT DOWN IN ARSON ATTACK

I didn't read the article because I knew it by heart. I'd read it a million times when it had been published. A Molotov cocktail was thrown during a protest against Stone Pharma. Their building caught fire and burnt to the ground. A janitor working there had died of smoke inhalation in the basement.

Underneath the article was a phone number and a message:

Text I understand and await our instructions.

Someone knew who I was. They knew where I lived and had been in my apartment. I pulled out my phone and tried to enter the message but my hands were shaking too much. Finally I gave up trying to enter the message and collapsed on the sofa, staring at the photo of my younger self.

She had been out of her depth back then and I was out of my depth right now. She had made stupid decisions back then.

Was I about to make a stupid decision right now?

I managed to type in I understand and hit send.

