SAMPLE

The rest of the drive was pure agony. We'd had such a nice conversation in the car, I was feeling closer to Shane than I'd ever felt. He was opening up to me, letting me see glimpses of the man he really was-the one some people, like Alexis, might never see. I felt like I was the luckiest woman alive.

When the car rolled to a stop outside of his house, he gave me a wicked I'm-going-to-eat-you-up look and every cell in my body ignited. Oh yes, this was going to be a night to remember.

Shane started things off by saying, "I have something very special planned for you tonight."

"I can't wait."

In, we went. In the front door, down the hallway, to the room he'd shown me on our first date. That night I'd called it his torture room. But after a brief introduction to the pleasures that room promised, I'd re-named the room the pleasure palace, even though I was fully aware of the fact that there would be times when I was punished instead of pleasured. It was all part of the game. And, as I was beginning to understand, the anticipation of a punishment was almost as thrilling as the anticipation of pleasure. The punishment added a level of danger to my experiences. As it turned out, I kind of liked that.

"This way." As I'd come to expect, Shane placed a hand on the small of my back. With a little pressure right or left, he steered me around the bulky bondage furniture toward the big X-like structure at the very back of the room. My gaze followed the line of the wooden beams, up to each corner then down to the ground. At the ends were big silver loops. And there were leather cuffs chained to them. I pretty much knew what those cuffs were for.

My wrists and ankles.

"Undress." His voice had taken on that sharp edge that made my tissues heat up. I just loved it when Shane shifted from sweet and open man to demanding dom. It was so freaking sexy.

Feeling a smile pull at my lips, I turned my back to him. "Would you please unzip me?"

He pulled the zipper down, but to my disappointment, he didn't touch me.

He's building anticipation.

Despite the fact that he hadn't touched me, outside of that one hand on my back, my skin tingled everywhere. I turned around, facing him, and let my dress slide off my shoulders.

I swear flames flashed in his dark eyes.

The beaded silk garment shimmied down my body, catching on my hips. I gave it a little push and down it fell, forming a puddle of expensive silk on the floor. Wearing my crotch-less panties and a lace bra, I stepped out of the dress and bent over to pick it up.

"No, I didn't tell you to move."

Fighting a grin, I straightened back up. I still had a lot to learn about this domination and submission stuff. We'd had some other issues to work out the last few weeks and had spent very little time here. I felt a little out of my element, unsure.

"I'm sorry," I said.

Shane circled me, stopping to pick up my dress. He draped it over a nearby bondage chair thing then continued his three sixty around me. He moved slowly, deliberately. As he prowled around me, he reminded me of a jungle cat. Like a big cat, quiet strength emanated from him. And danger. He was deliciously dangerous. "This way." Touching me very softly, he moved me into position to be restrained. Back to the cross. Arms up and out in a wide vee, legs spread. Before securing my arms, he unfastened my bra. He left it on, hanging from the shoulder straps.

My heart started pounding as he secured one cuff around my wrist. It didn't hurt, and I wasn't afraid. But I was anxious, unsure what to expect.

"When we experience pain, endorphins rush through our system," he said, his voice very low.

Pain?

My hands clenched into fists as he secured the second cuff. He was talking about pain. I didn't like pain. Pain was something I avoided.

My breathing quickened. My heart rate too. He knelt at my feet, moved one closer to the post so he could secure my ankle. "Remember Bristol, say red if you need me to stop."

"O-okay."

Once he had the first ankle buckled in, he fastened the other one.

Now I was powerless to move.

"Comfortable?" he asked. "Does anything hurt?"

"No, nothing hurts."

"Good." He gave me an up and down perusal before stepping up to me. "You look so sweet, Bristol." His voice was husky, and dark carnal hunger shone in his eyes. That alone, coupled with the nervous energy charging through my system was making me clench, making my burning tissues throb.

"Thank you."

"You're welcome." His fingertip traced a line down the center of my chest, between my br**sts, down to my belly button. "Mmmm."

Mmmm indeed.

My stomach tightened as little jolts of heat sizzled under his fingertip. I'd never felt this way with a man before, as if any touch, even the smallest, sent a current of electricity charging through me.

The second he pulled his hand away, I was whimpering, my body craving his next touch. When would it come? How long would I have to wait?

Chapter 1

"Miss Deatrich, I need you to come with me."

Now, that was strange.

Mr. McMillian rarely ever poked his head out of his office. In fact, rumor had it most days he locked himself in there and took eight-hour naps. In three years, I'd seen him a total of once. On my first day. Thus, to have him waiting for me at my desk was very weird. It was even stranger to have him asking me to follow him to his office. He'd never, ever done that before.

He shut the door, motioning for me to sit in the chair facing his desk.

Puzzled, I sat.

"First, I want to say that you've done a fine job for Tamby Systems. Absolutely fine. So what I have to tell you is no reflection on your performance."

It sounded like he was about to...was he...?

He cleared his throat. "I'm afraid we're going to have to let you go."

Fired. I had just been fired.

Ohmygod!

"I'd be happy to give you a recommendation," he continued, as if he hadn't just shattered my world and turned my life upside down.

Fired. Couldn't be. No.

He added, "And of course, you'll qualify to collect unemployment until you're able to find another position."

Unemployment paid five hundred dollars a week. Five hundred dollars a week wasn't enough to pay my bills.

He said, "And you can continue your medical coverage. You'll have to pay the premiums, of course."

Of course. I'd pay the premiums with all the money I wouldn't have. Because I'd been fired.

Fired!

Ohmygod.

My mind spun. Not so long ago Shane had told me to dream, to imagine the life I wanted and then to go after it. He'd said if I did that, my dreams would come true.

How wrong he'd been.

How would I find another job? The market sucked. It had taken me a long time to find this position.

"Miss Deatrich." My now ex-boss stood, extended a hand and smiled. What the hell was he smiling about? "It was a pleasure having you with the company. I wish you the best."

"When?" I muttered.

His stupid grin dimmed slightly. "Now. You'll have to leave immediately."

Stunned into silence, I shook his hand and followed him out to my cubicle. He stood to one side and watched me gather the few personal items I'd kept at my desk. The picture of my mother and me when I was five. The snacks I'd stowed in a drawer. My purse. Then, saying absolutely nothing, he escorted me to the human resources office where I filled out a mountain of paperwork--exit interviews. Medical insurance forms.

Within an hour of arriving at work, I was standing next to my car bawling my eyes out.

I was officially unemployed.

Although I was tempted, I didn't call anyone as I drove home. I knew if I did I'd fall apart and might end up in a car accident. No, I waited until I was safe in my living room before I dialed my best friend Jill's number. I left her a short message when she didn't answer. Then, I skimmed my list of contacts.

It was very short.

There was Jill.

There was my brother. He'd be no help. I hadn't spoken to him in ages. A longtime alcohol and drug addict, his life was a train wreck and mine became one whenever he was around.

And there was Shane Trant.

I hadn't called Shane before. He'd always been the one to call me. Despite the fact that we'd recently been...spending time together.

Perhaps, looking from the outside, the arrangement we had between us seemed a little one-sided.

He was the one who called me.

He was the one who made all the plans.

He was the one who, more or less, controlled every aspect of our relationship. But, with a few exceptions, I'd been okay with it that way.

Until today.

Until now.

I needed a shoulder to lean on. Jill was at work. I was panicking.

I hit the button, calling him. But before the first ring, I cut off the connection.

No. If I called him he'd probably feel some obligation to fix my problem for me. I didn't want that.

Sure, I was scared. I was petrified I wouldn't find another job. But already I knew that he'd probably offer me a job working for him. I couldn't work for him. Not now. Not ever.

What if this thing between us ended badly?

Needing to burn off some nervous energy, I dragged out my old laptop and powered it up. The first thing I did was register for unemployment. I was going to collect peanuts, but what the hell? Peanuts were still better than nothing. Next, I scoured the internet, looking for help-wanted ads in the area. I found a few promising websites but absolutely no positions I was qualified for. So I opened a new document in my word processor and started drafting a new resume to take to the employment agency I'd used to get the job with Tamby.

Three hours later I had a pretty decent looking resume. I emailed it to my contact at the agency and refreshed my inbox a dozen times (or more) before becoming disgusted and frustrated and depressed. Just as I was about to fall into another bout of self-pity, my phone rang.

Shane.

I jumped to my feet and stared down at the glowing screen. I took a moment to compose myself before answering, "Hello?"

"You called?"

"Oh...yes. I did...I just wanted to say hi," I lied, running my hand down my neck to work out the knots.

"Mmmm. Hi."

"Hi."

"What are you doing?" he asked, voice low and sexy.

I glanced at the clock. It was ten minutes to five o'clock. If I hadn't been fired today, I would have been at work. I would be counting the minutes until I could leave. How I wished I was there now. "I'm...erm...at work. I'm getting ready to head home. Why?"

"Just asking."

"Oh. Okay."

After a few seconds of silence, he asked, "Are you sure there isn't something going on? You don't sound like yourself."

"No, I'm fine. I'm just...tired. Someone kept me up late last night, past my bedtime."

His chuckle did some pleasant things to my insides. I imagined him sitting in his limo, eyes sparkling, corners of his lips curled into that devilish smile that made certain parts of my anatomy tingle. "I should apologize, but I'm not sorry."

"You never are."

That little jab earned me another chuckle. "I want to see you again," he said.

"You will."

"Friday."

"Yes, Friday." I hoped by then I'd either have some good leads on a new position or at least would be out of this funk.

"I have to go now," he said.

"Okay."

"Goodbye, Bristol."

"Bye, Shane."

I clicked off just in time for my phone to ring again. This time it was Jill. And I didn't hold back with her. I blurted out my news, unable to stop myself. And, while she raged about what rotten jerks the bastards at Tamby were for firing me with no advance notice, I cried my eyes out until my head felt like it would explode.

Chapter 2

On Friday night, Shane knocked on the door at exactly seven o'clock. Not one minute late; not one minute early. Shane was a punctual man. He lived by the clock.

Knowing I'd be punished if I held him up, I opened the door, purse in hand, ready to go.

His dark eyes widened as I stepped outside. "Bristol," he said, voice breathy.

I couldn't help grinning. To have that much of an effect over a man that was this amazing made me feel really good. After spending all week feeling like a failure, this was exactly what I needed. "I clean up okay, don't I?"

"Better than okay. You look beautiful."

"You look amazing yourself." That was no lie. He was sporting a black tuxedo, cut to fit him perfectly. His dark hair was a riot of barely-tamed waves, and a five o'clock shadow darkened his jaw, making him look both sexy and a little dangerous at the same time.

He placed a hand on the small of my back as we walked together to the waiting limo. He stood to the side, allowing me to enter first then took a seat beside me. Within seconds we were on our way to wherever.

"Thank you," I said as I smoothed my hand down my thighs. "For sending this dress. I don't know if anyone could look bad in this. It's gorgeous."

"It barely does you justice." He caught my chin in his hand and held me in place, giving me a kiss that made my toes curl. His tongue swept into my mouth, stroking mine. In response, my body turned to molten butter, soft and soupy. I sagged against him and enjoyed the sweet torment, hoping we had time to burn off a little tension. Much too soon, however, he broke the kiss. "Not now, minx. It'll have to wait."

Wait? Ugh. "Where are we going?" I asked as I leaned closer. He smelled so good and looked even better. I wasn't touching him enough. I needed more. So much more.

"A little dinner. It's for a charity. I'm giving a presentation."

"A presentation?" I echoed as my hand slid onto his thigh.

"No worries. It'll be short. Afterward, we'll have to make the rounds, shake a few hands. I hate this stuff, but it's for a good cause. The organization funds educational programs for at-risk youth in the city."

"Sounds like a great cause. I can handle shaking hands and making small talk." I let my hand slide a little closer to the bulge hiding under the zipper of his pants.

"Good." He set his hand on stop of mine, halting its progress. His lips curled slightly into a semi smile then straightened again. "I need to warn you about something. Do you remember Jordan?"

"How could I forget?" I asked as I folded my arms across my chest. I could feel my face burning. I hated that I was blushing. "He was the one...he's your 'old friend' who decided you were going to share me when we went to Antigua."

"Yes. Jordan will be there tonight. He's a principle in the organization."

I felt a slight chill work up my spine. "Oh."

"Listen," he cupped my sizzling cheek. "You have nothing to worry about. Jordan and I have discussed everything. He won't try anything."

"He better not."

His thumb dragged across my lower lip. "I can't be at your side the whole night. You'll tell me if he says or does anything out of line."

A big lump of something hard coagulated in my throat. "Are you expecting him to say something?"

"No. Not at all."

That lump didn't go away. "Okay. If he does, you'll be the first to know."

"Good." He kissed me again. This kiss was sweet and tender. My heart was doing somersaults by the time it was over. He cupped my cheek and thumbed my lower lip again, which was still tingling. "I'm glad you're coming with me tonight."

"Me too."

The car rolled to a stop.

We were there already?

I glanced out the window. We were parked outside of a large hotel. There were limos in front of us and behind us. We were most definitely in the right place.

But...the ride had been too short. I wasn't mentally prepared to face Jordan or the billionaires and zillionaires attending tonight's little event. I saw, as the driver opened our door, Shane had on his serious businessman game face. He had me step out first then followed me.

As we approached the building's entry, my gaze jumped from one stranger to another. Women sparkling with jewels and gorgeous evening gowns strolled majestically toward the entry. Men knotted up in tuxedos accompanied them.

"This way," Shane whispered, steering me toward the entry.

Before we reached it, someone called out, "Shane Trant?" It was a female's voice.

Shane stopped. I turned to watch him greet the woman. She was breathtakingly gorgeous. Well dressed. Well groomed. A string of diamonds glittered at her neck. And a huge stone of some kind caught the light as she lifted her hand to give him a hug. A camera flash blinded me for a moment, a photographer capturing Shane and the woman embracing.

"It's been such a long time," the woman said, beaming at him as she smoothed her hand down his arm. "I was beginning to think you'd forgotten me." She fiddled with Shane's tie. The intimate gesture made my insides clench.

He gently moved her hands away, lips curling into a ghost of a smile. I knew that expression. I knew it well. My clenched insides twisted. "I could never forget you."

The woman was pleased by his words. Me, I wanted to get back in the car and go home. I could never forget you. I wondered exactly how much he remembered about her. And how many others he remembered too.

Here I was, all dressed up, pretending this wasn't the most awkward moment of my life, while that beautiful, rich woman reminded Shane of days gone by. Or maybe it was nights gone by.

How many hours of this would I have to endure?

Ever so discretely, Shane glanced my way. Evidently he could read my body language. He excused himself.

As he returned to my side to escort me into the building, he dipped his head and whispered in my ear, "It isn't what you think."

"Are you a mind reader?" I whispered back, forcing a smile.

"I don't have to be. I can see what you're thinking. It's all over your face."

I amped up the wattage of my fake smile. "What are you talking about? I'm smiling. I'm happy. See?"

His chuckle was low and rumbly. "You can't lie to me, Bristol."

Watch me try.

He gave me one last assessing look. "Are you ready to meet a few of our biggest contributors?"

"Sure. Lead on." I swept my arm across my body.

With his hand on my back, he did just that, escorting me from one small group of attendees to another. I felt awkward, standing silent while Shane chattered away. I'd never seen him so talkative. It was a different side of him, one I hadn't realized he possessed. I gathered more than my share of curious glances. But other than that I was mostly ignored. I was a trophy date, there to stand by his side and look good and smile on cue. I played my part to the best of my ability until a man came up to us, muttered something about getting started to Shane then hurried away.

Shane pulled me aside, away from anyone who might overhear. "Okay, this is it. In a few minutes I'm going to take you to our table, and then I'm going to make my presentation. You'll be on your own for just a little while."

"I can handle it." I glanced around. "Though I'd like to make a visit to the restroom to wash my hands first."

"Very well. It's this way." Shane helped me maneuver through the thickening crowd out in the hallway. I found the women's room and ducked inside, grateful for a little anonymity and a break from the pressure of being on display. Even though I didn't have to go, I locked myself in a stall and took a few deep breaths. While I was in there I heard the door open and close, footsteps, high heels clacking on stone tile.

Voices.

"Did you see the one he's with tonight? Shane Trant. With that little...nothing? I can hardly believe it. He could have brought any woman he wanted, but he brought her? What rock did he dig her out from under?"

Rock?

"I don't know," said a second voice. "Ever since his wife died he's been a wreck. He's got someone new on his arm practically every week. But that's okay. I can be patient. I know he'll come back to me when he's ready to settle down."

That one sounded pretty damn sure of herself. I wondered if there was a reason for her confidence. What if what they said was true? Maybe I was a nobody, a passing fancy, a little fling, a distraction. Maybe when Shane was ready for something real, something beyond the whips and chains and yes, sirs, he would look for someone else.

Someone like that woman out in the lobby.

Someone totally unlike me.

The second woman added, "I just hope that girl's clean, if you know what I mean. He doesn't like condoms." The women giggled. "I mean, I'm sure he goes to the doctor regularly, but when he's ready to put a ring on my finger, I'm going to insist he have some tests run."

Ring? There had to be a reason why that bitch figured she'd be the one to wear his ring someday.

"What are you going to do if the tests come back positive?" asked the other woman.

"I'll figure out something. No way I'm going to turn down that bank account."

More giggles.

Bitches.

And I was willing to bet they thought I was just like them, only after him for his money. They were wrong. Wrong!

"Did you hear the rumor?" Bitch Number One asked. "I heard People is going to make your Shane their most eligible bachelor this year."

"That's fine. He can be their eligible bachelor this year. Next year, he won't qualify."

Louder giggles.

God, it was no wonder Shane was trigger-shy when it came to women.

I considered hiding in the stall and waiting for those two money-grubbing bitches to leave, but I decided I wanted to face them head-on. I pushed open the door, met their shocked gazes. I recognized one of the two women right away. She was the one who'd accosted Shane when we'd first arrived.

So you think he's going to marry you?

Within a split second, the surprise was gone, replaced by cool, assessing glares that irritated me instead of intimidated me.

Those bitches thought they knew Shane.

They thought they could control him.

They didn't know a damn thing.

I smiled. It wasn't a fake one. It was one hundred percent genuine. "Hello," I said, smile at full wattage. "I'm sure Shane can tell the difference between someone who's interested in him versus his money. He's not a stupid man."

Feeling much better, I touched up my lips, fluffed my hair and headed out to the ballroom. Shane intersected me just inside the entrance and escorted me to the front table. After making sure I was comfortable, he gave me a little wink and left.

I glanced left and right. No sign of either woman from the bathroom. I was relieved. Sure, I'd put Miss Rich Bitch in her place, and I was feeling quite powerful for having done so, but I didn't know what she'd do, given some time to plan her retribution. I expected she'd say or do something tonight.

What I hadn't expected was what came next.

Or rather, I should say, who.

"Bristol, it's a pleasure to see you again." Jordan, Shane's old friend took the seat beside me.

Oh, this was just...perfect.

Sure, Shane had warned me Jordan would be there. But he hadn't told me I'd be forced to sit next to him.

"Hello." I gave him a polite smile then turned to the woman who was seated a couple of chairs away. Unfortunately, she was engaged in a conversation with the man next to her. My gaze moved to the next pair of people, two women, also chatting with each other. And the next three seats were empty, as was the seat meant for Shane.

That left only me and Jordan.

"Shane is so much better at this kind of thing than I am," he said, resting an arm over the back of my chair.

"Isn't that good for you?" I said, leaning forward. This was awful. Awkward and uncomfortable. I didn't know which would be better, ignoring him or making small talk.

I went with ignoring him at first. But after having to knock his hand off my shoulder several times, I concluded it might be better to keep him busy by talking so he'd stop touching me. "Shane told me you're old friends."

"Yes, very old. We met in sixth grade. His family moved into the house across the street from mine. We went to the same high school and college. Then, after we graduated, we went into business together. We've been partners ever since."

"That's a long time. I haven't spoken with any of my friends from grade school in ages."

"Shane is like a brother to me, the brother I never had."

"I see."

He leaned closer, completely invading my personal space bubble. "You're a very beautiful woman. I can understand why he'd like to keep you to himself. For now. But in time he'll change his mind. He always does."

I scooted my chair away from his. "Don't be so sure about that."

He chuckled. "I've known Shane a lot longer than you."

"True, but I know myself much better than you do, and I'm telling you that I won't allow him to share me. Not with you. Not with anyone."

He scooted his chair next to mine again and angled toward me. I was really getting annoyed, and I made sure he knew it. Ignoring my squinty glare, he said, "The last girl we shared said the same thing. Now, she's begging us for another night."

I bit my lip against the temptation to shoot back a sarcastic comeback. I could see, by the dark glitter in his eyes, that he was baiting me. He wanted to keep me talking.

So I decided to go back to the silent treatment.

Even when he was practically sitting on top of me.

And his hand was inching toward my shoulder again.

And his breath was warming my neck.

And when he whispered in my ear, commenting on Shane's tense expression as he gave his presentation.

Yes, Shane had given us a glare. And yes, he was looking like he might spit nails once he was finished giving his rah-rah speech for the attendees. I was trying my best to discourage his so-called old friend. I couldn't be blamed for Jordan's inappropriate behavior.

The minute Shane wrapped up his speech and shook the hands of the man who'd introduced him, he was at our table. He took my hand in his, and was pulling me from my chair, when Jordan said, "Shane, wonderful speech."

Shane didn't respond. At least, not verbally.

"Please tell me you aren't leaving already?" Jordan added, his lips curled into an evil smile.

"We have another engagement to attend," Shane snapped. He hurried me out of the building, saying nothing until we were in the car. Once we were seated he mumbled, "I'm sorry."

"It's okay. I figured I'd just ignore him because I was getting the impression it was fairly useless arguing with him. I know he's an old friend of yours, but he's an arrogant ass."

"You're not the first person to tell me that," he grumbled as he leaned back.

"I get the impression you have some problems with him."

"I do."

That was a short answer. Much too brief. I would have liked to ask more, but his expression said, don't go there. After this conversation, I really wanted to know more. Especially why they shared women if they didn't get along so well, but I let it drop for now. "Your presentation was wonderful," I said, hoping it would perk up his mood a bit.

"Thank you."

"You're a very dynamic speaker. I guess I shouldn't have been surprised, but I was."

"I've done a few of these things. It's not such a big deal."

"Says you. I would've been stuttering and stammering if it had been me."

"Then I'll give you a few pointers when the time comes."

"I have no intention of giving a presentation anytime soon, though I do appreciate the offer."

"You never know..." He gave me a lopsided grin that had me second guessing his meaning. Did he know I'd lost my job? Was he thinking of offering me a position with his company? I decided not to ask.

"Come here. I want to talk about something." He pulled me onto his lap so I was facing him, my bent legs straddling his hips. He skimmed a hand up my thigh. "I heard about what you said to Alexis."

"That's her name, huh? Suits her. But--"

"I'm proud of you, Bristol."

I blinked. "You are?"

"Very."

"But isn't she a potential contributor?"

Looking unconcerned, he shrugged. His lips curled into a smile that hinted at wicked secrets. "She's too smart to let something like a little insult get between her and a big tax deduction."

Returning his smile, I rested my arms on his shoulders. My fingers tangled in his silky hair. "Do you know what she said about you?"

"I know exactly what she's up to. I'd be a fool not to check out any woman I have a relationship with. I need to know what her motivations are."

Relationship. He'd had a relationship with that woman. A sick feeling settled in my belly. There was a reason for Alexis to believe she would be wearing Shane's ring one day.

Was that reason over? Had he moved on?

Did I even have the right to ask him that?

As if he read my mind, he pinched my chin. "Bristol, what I had with Alexis is over. There's no one else. I told you that. I wasn't lying."

No one for now.

He pulled my chin, coaxing me into a kiss. His lips were soft, the kiss patient and gentle. His other hand, the one resting on my thigh, began wandering up, toward my hip. A soft throbbing started beating between my legs. My tender tissues were resting against the rigid bulge in his pants. And, with every caress of his lips, that throb grew in intensity. My breaths were becoming shorter, faster. Little mini gasps. I parted my lips, pulling in air, and Shane's tongue swept inside my mouth, filling it with his decadent flavor.

My moan filled our joined mouths, echoing in my head.

My tongue tangled with his, and they stroked and stabbed and explored until we were both tense and breathless. When the kiss ended, I had two fists full of his hair and was rocking my h*ps back and forth, grinding myself against him. And Shane's eyes were dark, his gaze full of hard male wanting.

For some reason, the question, "Did you check me out too?" slipped out as I squirmed and writhed.

His hands cupped my bu**ocks, kneading their softness. "You're a special case."

I stilled. "What does that mean?"

"It means...I'm not worried about you trying to manipulate me for my money."

"And that's a good thing." Smiling wickedly, I rubbed my warm tissues against the rigid lump in his pants.

He growled. It was a sexy sound that made every nerve in my body tingle. "A very good thing." Using his hands, which were cupping my bottom, he stilled me. "You are insatiable."

"Only with you."

"Which makes me very happy. But you'll wait."

I made a sad face.

"You'll be glad you did. I promise." He kissed my nose. It was a silly gesture. And sweet. And it made my heart go pitter-patter.

He eased me off his lap. "I suppose that wasn't helping."

"It wasn't hurting either."

He laughed. How I adored that sound. I hoped I'd hear it for many months, many years. "Bristol, I'm so very glad we ran into each other that day."

"Me too, Shane."

Chapter 3

The rest of the drive was pure agony. We'd had such a nice conversation in the car, I was feeling closer to Shane than I'd ever felt. He was opening up to me, letting me see glimpses of the man he really was-the one some people, like Alexis, might never see. I felt like I was the luckiest woman alive.

When the car rolled to a stop outside of his house, he gave me a wicked I'm-going-to-eat-you-up look and every cell in my body ignited. Oh yes, this was going to be a night to remember.

Shane started things off by saying, "I have something very special planned for you tonight."

"I can't wait."

In, we went. In the front door, down the hallway, to the room he'd shown me on our first date. That night I'd called it his torture room. But after a brief introduction to the pleasures that room promised, I'd re-named the room the pleasure palace, even though I was fully aware of the fact that there would be times when I was punished instead of pleasured. It was all part of the game. And, as I was beginning to understand, the anticipation of a punishment was almost as thrilling as the anticipation of pleasure. The punishment added a level of danger to my experiences. It turned out, I kind of liked that.

"This way." As I'd come to expect, Shane placed a hand on the small of my back. With a little pressure right or left, he steered me around the bulky bondage furniture toward the big X-like structure at the very back of the room. My gaze followed the line of the wooden beams, up to each corner then down to the ground. At the ends were big silver loops. And there were leather cuffs chained to them. I pretty much knew what those cuffs were for.

My wrists and ankles.

"Undress." His voice had taken on that sharp edge that made my tissues heat up. I just loved it when Shane shifted from sweet and open man to demanding dom. It was so freaking sexy.

Feeling a smile pull at my lips, I turned my back to him. "Would you please unzip me?"

He pulled the zipper down, but to my disappointment, he didn't touch me.

He's building anticipation.

Despite the fact that he hadn't touched me, outside of that one hand on my back, my skin tingled everywhere. I turned around, facing him, and let my dress slide off my shoulders.

I swear flames flashed in his dark eyes.

The beaded silk garment shimmied down my body, catching on my hips. I gave it a little push and down it fell, forming a puddle of expensive silk on the floor. Wearing my crotch-less panties and a lace bra, I stepped out of the dress and bent over to pick it up.

"No," he snapped. "I didn't tell you to move."

Fighting a grin, I straightened back up. I still had a lot to learn about this domination and submission stuff. We'd had some other issues to work out the last few weeks and had spent very little time here. I still felt a little out of my element, unsure.

"I'm sorry," I said.

Shane circled me, stopping to pick up my dress. He draped it over a nearby bondage chair thing then continued his three sixty around me. He moved slowly, deliberately. As he prowled around me, he reminded me of a jungle cat. Like a big cat, quiet strength emanated from him. And danger. He was deliciously dangerous. "This way." Touching me very softly, he moved me into position to be restrained. Back to the cross. Arms up and out in a wide vee, legs spread. Before securing my arms, he unfastened my bra. He left it on, hanging from the shoulder straps.

My heart started pounding as he secured one cuff around my wrist. It didn't hurt, and I wasn't afraid. But I was anxious, unsure what to expect.

"When we experience pain, endorphins rush through our system," he said, his voice very low.

Pain?

My hands clenched into fists as he secured the second cuff. He was talking about pain. I didn't like pain. Pain was something I avoided.

My breathing quickened. My heart rate too. He knelt at my feet, moved one closer to the post so he could secure my ankle. "Remember Bristol, say red if you need me to stop."

"O-okay."

Once he had the first ankle buckled in, he fastened the other one.

Now I was powerless to move.

"Comfortable?" he asked. "Does anything hurt?"

"No, nothing hurts."

"Good." He gave me an up and down perusal before stepping up to me. "You look so sweet, Bristol." His voice was husky, and dark carnal hunger shone in his eyes. That alone, coupled with the nervous energy charging through my system was making me clench, making my burning tissues throb.

"Thank you."

"You're welcome." His fingertip traced a line down the center of my chest, between my br**sts, down to my belly button. "Mmmm."

Mmmm indeed.

My stomach tightened as little jolts of heat sizzled under his fingertip. I'd never felt this way with a man before, as if any touch, even the smallest, sent a current of electricity charging through me.

The second he pulled his hand away, I was whimpering, my body craving his next touch. When would it come? How long would I have to wait?

"Impatient?" he asked.

I nodded.

"I need to go gather a few things. In the meantime, you'll just have to wait." He licked his lips and another rush of anticipation pulsed to my center.

God, did he know how to play me. His every look, every gesture, every touch made me hotter, tighter, more desperate.

As I waited, I let my arms relax, the cuffs holding their weight. I wondered how long it would take for them to get prickly and lose their sensation. Thankfully, I didn't have to find out. Shane was back within moments, his hands full of all kinds of packages. He set everything but one item down then stepped up to me and dangled that something in front of me.

A black blindfold.

"You think too much. I want you to feel." His breath warmed my lips as he tied the blindfold in place. "There. Better."

Better, no. Now I couldn't see what he was going to do. That made me feel even more vulnerable and jumpy.

What would he do next?

Where would he touch me?

I waited, practically panting, for an eternity. I heard the crinkle of plastic and cardboard. He was unwrapping something.

I sensed he was coming closer. An almost imperceptible heat radiated over my chest. Then, a touch. My nipple. I jumped. A finger flicked over the sensitive peak, making it tingle and harden, making me breathe faster and faster.

"Your ni**les are so sweet, Bristol."

Sweet. I'd never thought of them as that before.

Suddenly there was a sharp pain. My right nipple. A pinching that brought tears to my eyes. I wriggled, fighting against the cuffs holding my arms.

"Shhh," Shane soothed.

The pinching stopped and glorious pleasure followed as he laved my nipple with his wet, soft tongue.

"Ahhh..." I said as I arched my back, pushing my br**sts out.

I felt like I was sinking into a cloud of bliss. Warmth surrounded me, cushioning my body as waves of pleasure washed over me in ripples. It was as if I were lying on a beach, the warm waves surging and receding, again and again. But just as I was about to sink into oblivion, another sharp pain yanked me out of it. This time it was my other nipple. I screeched, jerking away from the source. I couldn't escape. The pinching didn't end.

"Oh God," I said as I struggled to catch my breath. The pain was cutting through my chest, like little prickling barbs. It wasn't unbearable but it was enough to make me whimper, my eyes and nose burn.

"Hold on, baby," Shane said. The pinching continued. "Breathe through it. Breathe." I heard him breathing and tried to match my breath with his. In. Out. In. Out. The pain was easing a little.

And then it was gone, and my body softened. I felt every muscle relax, legs, arms, stomach. "Ohhh," I moaned. Following that moment of relaxation came a rush of energy and I felt like I was soaring up, up, up to the stars. Shane suckled on my stinging nipple, drawing it into his mouth, and a spark ignited deep inside me. The heat pulsed out in big waves, each one getting stronger and stronger.

"How's this feel?" he asked, flicking his tongue over my nipple.

"Incredible."

"Good." He raked his fingernails down my stomach, over my mound then cupped my sex. "How's this feel?"

"Ohhh," was all I could manage. When one of his fingers probed my folds, I widened my stance, spreading my legs for him. Take me. Take me now, I wanted to tell him. But I couldn't speak. I couldn't move.

Something large, something hard pushed at my opening, and I shook as I relaxed my inner muscles. Every so slowly it filled me, stretched me until my tissues burned and my insides pulsed. The pleasure was almost unbearable. My insides were clenching that thick rod inside, and each time the muscles tightened another intense rush of sensation ripped through me. I was on the verge of cl**ax, burning from the roots of my hair to the soles of my feet.

"Hmmm..." Shane said. "We're going to have to do something about this impatience of yours."

"Please, not now." I tensed, expecting him to pull the toy out, to strip me of the pleasure that was right there, within my grasp.

A second hard thing pushed at my other opening, and I clenched once again, fighting the intimate invasion. But that only amplified the sensation deep inside, as my muscles rippled around the toy inside my vagina.

"Open. Trust me."

I dragged in a deep breath and relaxed my anus and in the second toy slid. It surged farther, stroking so deeply I couldn't hold back another second. The orgasm was like a wild river. It picked me up and threw me around, battering my body with relentless force. I surrendered, relaxing into the violence, becoming fully engulfed. It was a cl**ax like none I'd ever experienced, so forceful I wondered if I might collapse.

If the rest of our relationship proved to be as violently beautiful, I was in trouble.

"That's all for you tonight," Shane murmured in my ear. "Time for sleep."

Chapter 4

The next morning, Shane pulled his zoomy car up to my condo, put it into park and kissed me goodbye. The kiss was a rushed, a tiny bit empty and disappointing after the explosive night we shared. But I didn't let my disappointment or confusion show. I beamed at him and let myself out. And, as he rocketed away, I practically danced up the front walk.

As I was letting myself into my condo, I checked my messages on my cell phone. Two from Jill. Both late last night. The second said I needed to call her the minute I got the message, no matter what time it was.

So, I called her.

And I woke her up.

"Hello?" her heavy, sleep-filled voice cracked.

"It's me. What's the big emergency?" I asked as I locked myself in my house.

"You'll never guess who I ran into yesterday."

"Dave."

"Nope."

"Bill."

"Nope."

"Jason."

"Nope. Give up?"

"Yes." I kicked off my shoes.

"Drake."

"Drake Who?"

"Drake Who. Very funny. Your Drake, of course. Drake Cornett. I saw him at the bookstore. He was in the coffee shop reading a book about divorce. Divorce!"

A strange emotion buzzed through me. I decided I didn't want to look too closely at it. "Interesting."

"Interesting? Interesting? Hello! Am I talking to the same girl who'd prayed for months that he wouldn't go through with his wedding?"

"Yes, that was me. Was." I strolled into my kitchen and poked my head into the refrigerator.

"And didn't you say that if you ever heard that he was single again that you wouldn't hesitate to get in touch with him?"

My stomach rumbled. Shane had offered me some breakfast but I'd passed. I'd been too excited and nervous to eat. I wasn't too excited or nervous to eat now. "I suppose I might've said that."

"So...?"

"You don't know if he's single. Do you?" I grabbed a bag of bagels and shut the door.

"Well...actually..."

"Did you speak with him?"

"I did."

Tucking the phone between my ear and shoulder, I shoved my hand into the bag and grabbed a bagel. "Tell me you didn't outright ask him!"

"Of course not," she scoffed. "I couldn't be so rude. No, I checked his ring finger. No ring."

"That doesn't mean anything." I snatched a knife from the block and cut the bagel in half.

"Maybe not by itself, but paired with him reading a book about divorce, I think it's a pretty blatant sign that his marriage is either over or about to be over."

Despite having spent last night screaming in pleasure in Shane's pleasure palace, I found my heart getting a little pitter-pattery over this news.

That scared me.

Once again, my timing with Drake was off. Way off.

A couple of years after he broke up with me, he appeared on my front porch and told me he was ready to settle down. I was seeing someone else at the time.

Then, I broke up with that guy and went back to Drake. He was engaged to someone else.

Why did it seem fate was messing with us? Here we were once again.

Shane and I were still very new. And we hadn't defined exactly what our relationship was. I wasn't the type to juggle two men at once. Especially if I was sleeping with one. I shoved the bagel into the toaster slots and hit the button.

"I think you should get in touch with him. He still works at MultiTech."

"That's nice. But I don't think it's such a good idea to hunt him down right now." I went back to the refrigerator and dug around on the shelves for the cream cheese. I found it in the back.

"Why? Because of Mr. Whips and Chains?" Her voice was dripping with sarcasm.

"Him and the fact that there's a lot we don't know about Drake's situation."

"Bullshit. Drake was the best guy you've ever met. Hands down. He puts Whips and Chains to shame, girl."

"But he might not be in the position to get involved right now. Even if his divorce is in the works, he might not be emotionally ready to get involved."

"I mentioned your name. He seemed very excited to hear about you."

The room was filling with the smell of toasted garlic. Salivating, I pulled a plate out of the cupboard. Then I opened the cream cheese container. Empty. "I'm not going to chase him down. No."

"I suggested you two should get together and have coffee, and he said he'd love it."

"Stop it."

"I don't like Shane." I could hear her sneer.

"You don't have to. I do." I returned to the refrigerator, digging around for more cream cheese. The toaster popped.

"He's going to hurt you."

"That's for me to decide."

Silence. "Drake won't ever talk about sharing you with his friends."

"Stop it." I threw the empty container into the garbage. "I said, I'm happy with Shane. Discussion over."

"Fine." More silence. "You know, I'm just trying to help."

"I know. Thanks. Now, I need to jump in the shower and get going. I'll talk to you later."

"What's on the agenda today?"

Scowling, I stared at the dry bagel in the toaster. "I need to get some groceries. Then, I'm not sure."

"Want some company?"

"Sure."

"See you in a few."

"Bye." I tossed my phone onto the counter and tried to eat my cream-cheese-less bagel. After a few bites, I gave up and scampered into the shower. I steamed and loofah-ed and shaved and soaped myself to silky smooth cleanliness. Then, wearing one towel around my body, another on my head, I went into the kitchen to get the coffeemaker going. I was slurping my first mouthful when a knock at the door signaled Jill's arrival. I let her in, and she went right to the coffeepot, chattering on and on about how great Drake looked and how happy he seemed to be when they talked about me.

Sitting at the kitchen table, I made a zipping motion across my lips. "I don't want to talk about Drake anymore."

"What would it hurt to have coffee?" Jill asked as she grabbed a cup with one hand, the pot with the other.

"What would be the point?" I countered.

She filled her cup and set down the pot. "Catching up with an old friend?"

Standing next to her, my butt leaned against the counter, I asked over the rim of my cup, "Again, what would be the point? I'm...seeing someone."

"But haven't you been asking yourself what if?"

"Not recently, no."

"Ah, so Mr. Whips and Chains has made you forget all about him." Jill sighed and rolled her eyes. "Come on, Bristol. You and I both know this thing with Shane isn't forever. You're having your fun. He's having his. Sooner or later you'll get tired of being tied up and spanked, and he'll move on to the next sexy bimbo with great latex."

I felt my nose wrinkling. "You're so calloused."

"I'm being realistic."

"I believe there's more between Shane and me than whips and safewords. And I want to give whatever that is a fair chance. I can't do that if I'm seeing other men."

"I think you're making a mistake."

"It's my life. My mistake."

"Fair enough."

"Now, can we move on? I'd like to get my shopping done early. Then, maybe we can do something fun. We haven't gone biking in a while. It's free. I'm broke."

Jill grimaced. "No leads on a job yet?"

"Nothing."

"Wow. I wish I could help."

"No worries. I'll find something."

I was a damn good liar. Damn good.

* * * * *

That night, Jill and I hobbled into the new restaurant on Ford Avenue, Delo's. Thanks to our afternoon activities, which included a three hour bike excursion, our legs were as limp as overcooked pasta. As we entered, we found out Delo's was a nice restaurant, the kind of place people like Shane would dine at. Not an underpaid secretary on a counting-every-penny tight budget.

"I'm thinking we should go somewhere else," I whispered as the hostess, dressed in a black skirt and jacket and white shirt, eyeballed us.

"No, we're staying."

"But-"

"My treat."

"But-"

"No arguments," Jill snapped.

"But-"

"Shhh!" She shushed me, grinning. "How many times have you bought me dinner?"

"A few," I answered. That was a lie. We both knew it. But I didn't like to rub things in people's faces, especially Jill's. She was my best friend, and I was hers. She'd hit a rough patch a while back when she was in law school. I was glad to be able to help her through it. If the tables had been turned (hopefully that wouldn't be happening now) I knew she would've done the same for me.

"It's my turn to pay you back," Jill whispered as she gave me a don't-argue-with-me squint.

The hostess stepped up, and, walking a little shakily, we followed her. My gaze meandered through the restaurant's chic interior. The tables were widely spaced apart, covered with crisp white tablecloths. The chairs, also white, had very high backs that provided a small measure of privacy for diners. But as we moved through the space to our table, I could still see many men, all decked in full business dress, including ties, and women in dresses.

The hostess stopped at a table near the back of the open space. "Is this okay?" she asked.

"It's fine," Jill said as she grabbed the back of one of the chairs. "Thank you."

"Your server will be with you shortly." The hostess scurried back to her station while Jill and I took our seats.

I scanned the area. "No menus."

"The server will probably bring them. Or he might have to recite the menu. I had lunch at a place this week that had no printed menu. The wait staff had to recite it for every customer."

I leaned toward her and whispered, "No menu means no prices."

"Don't worry about it." Looking a little too casual, considering where we were, Jill sipped from her stemmed water glass.

I angled even closer. "Do you know something I don't? Did you win the lottery?"

"Um, well." Jill's lips twisted. "I did get a bit of a raise."

"You did?"

"Yeah. Actually, I got a big raise. And a promotion." Grinning like a total goon, my bestie held up her glass. "You're now looking at the new partner at Schwartz and Eddings, soon to be Schwartz, Eddings and Staton."

"Congratulations!" I lifted my glass, and we clinked them. "To my bestie and her new position."

"And to new opportunities for you," Jill offered.

"Does that mean you have a lead on a new job for me?"

"No. I asked." Jill's smile faded. "They've already hired my new assistant. Sorry." She pulled a full pouty frown. "You know I would've given you a good word if they hadn't."

"No biggie. Like I said, I'll find something."

Jack, our tuxedo-shirted waiter hustled over, beamed and introduced himself before giving an Oscar worthy presentation of each menu option. I was tempted to applaud when he was finished.

"Wow," I said, "that was some performance."

His beam brightened. "Thank you. Theater major."

"I would never have guessed." I looked to Jill, figuring I'd let her order first and then get the same thing.

"I'll take the beef medallions," Jill said.

Jack nodded, looked to me.

"I'll go with the same."

"Would you like a wine list?" he asked.

"We'll take a couple of glasses of your house red," Jill said.

"Very good."

And off he went.

Jill grinned. "I just ordered a meal without knowing the price, and I don't care."

"I'm very happy for you."

While we ate our meals, Jill jabbered about her new job. I'd never seen her so excited before. Even though my future wasn't looking nearly as bright as hers, I was genuinely thrilled for her.

At one point, Jill looked at me, guilt dimming the sparkles in her eyes. "I need to shut up. Here I am, going on and on and you're wondering when you'll get your next paycheck."

"Please don't stop." I waved my fork at her. "I couldn't be any happier for you. You have busted your ass for that law firm. You deserve the promotion, and so much more."

"Did I tell you I'm getting my own assistant?" she asked, bouncing in her seat. "And a real office. With a door and everything."

"You did."

"I just can't believe it. I mean, sure, I've been working hard. But to finally have someone recognize all that hard work." She licked her lips, pushing her empty plate away. "Was that meal insanely delicious or what?"

"It was." I smiled down at my own plate, which was empty too.

"Can I make a confession?" Jill asked.

"Sure."

"I'm a little scared. About the job. What if I can't handle it? What if I fail?"

"You won't. You've never failed at anything."

"What about the ski trip from hell?" she asked.

"Except for that."

"I'm still scared."

"I get that."

The waiter hurried over, asked if we were interested in the dessert menu, and, when we passed, gave us the bill. Jill sent him off with her credit card.

I was watching him shuffle away when I caught some movement out of the corner my eye. I looked.

Shane.

He wasn't alone.

Ohmygod.

"Bristol?" Jill tapped my hand. "What're you staring at?"

I jerked my gaze away and pulled my lips into a smile. "Oh, nothing. I thought I saw someone I knew. But I was wrong."

Jill swiveled in her chair, following the direction of my gaze before turning back around.

The waiter returned, set the leather folder with Jill's credit card and receipt in it, thanked us, and within minutes, we were headed for the exit. As I followed Jill, Shane's words echoed in my head.

I don't want another submissive. I want...a girlfriend. A lover. A partner.

How long ago had he said that? And did he ever say, for sure, that he wanted those things with me?

But what about, It's over. There's no one else.

And, I'm a stubborn ass sometimes, and I've learned some of the issues I have run deep.

My belly sank to my toes.

Shit. Exactly what kind of issues are we dealing with?

Maybe I was being a fool, putting all my trust in a man who'd told me he wasn't trustworthy.

As I buckled myself into Jill's car, I said, "I've changed my mind. I think I will take up Drake on his offer. What could a cup of coffee hurt?"

My best friend looked genuinely pleased. "I don't think you'll regret it." She shifted her car into drive and punched the gas, and we zigged through the parking lot and out onto the street. "And by the way, when you marry him, I will be your maid of honor right?"

Marriage? "Jumping the gun a little, aren't you?"

Smiling, she shrugged. "Maybe a little. So what's your answer."

"Yes. Of course you'll be my maid of honor. Whomever I marry. Whenever I marry."

If I marry.

Chapter 5

I was my number one critic, but tonight, even I had to admit I looked good. Having ignored Shane's phone calls for the next twelve hours--I didn't trust myself not to say something I'd regret--I was just about finished getting ready for my coffee date with Drake. It turned out he wasn't hard to track down after all. Jill and I found him on the internet and within minutes I was chatting with him on the phone. Twenty four hours after I'd spotted Shane having dinner with Alexis, I was about to see my ex-boyfriend for the first time in years.

I was really nervous, despite telling myself it was only coffee. It wasn't like I was going to have sex with him or anything.

I did one final mirror check before scurrying toward the door, expecting him at any moment. As I flew past Jill, she gave me a whistle and exclaimed, "Girl, you're going to kill him tonight."

"Thanks." I smoothed my hands down my dress, fingertips hitting skin much earlier than I would've liked. "Are you sure this dress isn't too short?"

"It's short but not slutty. You're good." She gave me two thumbs up.

"Okay." The bell rang, and my heart jumped. "He's here," I said to no one in particular.

"Open the door!" Jill yelled.

I tugged on the hem of my dress again then opened the door.

My god, he looked great. He'd aged, yes. But aged well. Very well.

"Wow," he said as he stepped inside.

I couldn't help smiling. "You look pretty good yourself."

He extended his arms, welcoming me to step into them, and I did. But the hug felt a little strange. Not the way I remembered it. "It's great to see you again," he said as I moved out of his embrace.

"Great to see you too."

He glanced past me, catching sight of Jill sitting on the couch, watching us. "Jill."

"Drake. Treat my girl right this time, or I will personally kick your ass!"

He raised his hands in a sign of surrender. "I've made some mistakes in the past, but I've never repeated them." His gaze slid to mine.

I felt my face warm. What was he trying to say? Did he think he might want to try to start over with me?

I wasn't sure I was ready to even think about that.

I wasn't sure he was ready to think about that either.

"I made a seven o'clock reservation," he said as he placed a hand on the small of my back, touching me like Shane. It didn't have the same effect. "We should get going."

"Reservation? For coffee?" I asked as I checked to make sure I had my phone in my purse.

"I'm hoping you won't mind joining me for dinner...? I just flew into town an hour ago. Didn't want to grab something on the run and be late picking you up."

"Sure. Okay." I headed outside and down the walk. There was a Mercedes parked in my driveway. Years ago, when we'd been dating, Drake had driven a rusty old Ford. "Wow," I said as he pulled open the door for me. "Looks like things have been going well for you."

"Very well," he said. He shut the door, circled the car and folded his beefy frame into the driver's seat. "I started my own business, have been living and breathing work since we broke up." His gaze met mine. "I wasn't lying when I said I needed some time to get my life together. I meant it. And I spent every day working my ass off to do just that."

"So, it wasn't a line," I said in a joking tone. The fact was I'd convinced myself it was a lie when he'd said it. An excuse to dump me for someone else.

"It was the honest truth," he said, looking sincere. "When I contacted you again, a couple of years after we broke up, I was so...disappointed to hear you were involved with someone else. I figured I'd lost my chance."

He started the car and the engine purred like a big jungle cat, like Shane's car. It accelerated smoothly as he steered it down my road toward the intersection. "What about you? How have things been?"

"Well, overall okay. Mom died."

Driving, he flicked a glance my way. "Oh. I'm sorry."

"It's okay. You know we were never close." I played with the strap of my purse.

"I do remember that. But I'm still sorry. I'm sure you grieved."

"I guess I did in my own way."

"Everything else is okay?"

"Sure," I lied. It wasn't the time or place to mention the fact that I'd just lost my job and was maybe a month or two away from foreclosure. I'd fallen a little behind on my mortgage before I'd lost my job, thanks to the added burden of keeping up Mom's place. The inflow of cash from Shane had allowed me to get out from under that sinking ship, but hadn't been enough to get my payments caught up.

As we pulled up to a light, he slid his hand under mine and lifted it. "No ring?"

"No ring." I added, "What about you?"

"No ring here either. It's been six months since the divorce was final."

"I'm sorry."

"I'm not. It was an amicable split. Julie and I just weren't right for each other." He smiled, reminding me why I'd fallen so hard for him years ago. His smile was nearly as arresting as Shane's. Nearly. "I'm glad we got in touch," he said as he wove his fingers between mine.

"Me too," I admitted. Unlike him, I was warring with conflicting feelings. I was glad to see him. He looked great. And I could see he'd spent our time apart accomplishing something really important. But when he touched me, I felt a little uncomfortable. Kind of...guilty. Like I was doing something wrong.

That irritated me. A lot.

I wasn't doing anything wrong.

There was no commitment between Shane and me. He was having dinner with other people. I could too.

Could, yes. But that was one thing I'd never done. I'd never gone out with one man when I was seeing another. Not for dinner. Not even for coffee.

Tightening my hold on Drake's hand, I studied his profile while he drove. He was every bit as handsome as Shane. Younger, yes. But just as sexy. Just as strong. And, from the looks of it, maybe just as successful too.

My body did respond to his touch, especially when his thumb dragged across the top of my hand. But it wasn't the same as it was with Shane. Shane could merely look at me, and I was tight and hot and wet.

Give Drake a chance. What do you have to lose? Not even Shane is confident the thing with him can work.

We turned into the parking lot for Delo's, the same place I'd gone with Jill. The same place I'd seen Shane with that witch from the party.

We held hands as we walked inside. I let go when we stepped up to the hostess' stand. And my gaze went right to the table where I'd seen Shane as we followed her to our table.

Of course, he wasn't there now. But a little stab of pain burned in my belly nonetheless.

Bastard.

We were escorted to a table in the back. Drake made a point to pull out my chair and push it in for me as I sat, then he took his seat. He gave me a long, lingering look. "It's so great seeing you again."

"You said that already," I responded with a chuckle.

"I know. I figure I've got some ass kissing to do since I've been MIA for years."

"I suppose I shouldn't disagree with that statement."

The waitress hurried over, introduced herself and asked for our drink orders. Drake ordered a bottle of wine, and off she scurried to get it for us.

"Tell me everything I've missed," he said as soon as she was out of earshot.

"Well, there isn't much to tell," I started.

But with his prompts and encouragement, I kept talking. Only taking a break here and there when the waitress came with our wine, or to take our order, or to bring our food. By the time we'd finished the main course, I was stuffed and out of news to share with him.

"Enough," I said, placing my napkin on top of my plate. "I've had enough to eat, and I have been talking too much."

"I've enjoyed every word," Drake said, reaching over to take my hand again. "I'm sorry I couldn't have been there with you. Especially when your mother died. The timing was bad."

"Not your fault. You didn't know my mother was going to die. Nobody could've known that."

He flagged over our waitress and asked for the check then poured the last of the wine into our glasses. With my fingertips resting in his palm, I sipped the wine. It was sweet and smooth, delicious. I'd had just enough to feel a little warm on the inside but not so much that I was drunk.

"Your turn," I said. "I want a full blow by blow description of the past few years, just like I gave you."

"Hmm," he said, lifting his glass and smiling a crooked grin that made me feel a little warmer. "That'll take a while."

"We've got all night," I stated.

He lifted a brow. "Do we?"

The waitress returned with the check, and Drake pulled out some cash, closed it in the leather folder and stood. "If that's the case, then let's go somewhere quieter, where we can...talk."

He escorted me out to his car, opened the door for me. I didn't recall him being so polite back when we'd dated. But then again, we were both young back then. Young and stupid and impulsive...and immature. It appeared from the outside that Drake had done a lot of growing up between then and now. I imagined I had too.

He drove with an arm resting on the back of my seat, just like he did years ago. Back then, I felt cozy sitting beside him as he drove. I would lean close to him, rest a hand on his thigh. Now, I stayed in my seat, my hands in my lap. Old music played on the radio, from our high school days. It brought back memories. Stolen kisses. Dances in the gym. The thrill of first love.

"...the company's revenues doubled in five years, and we're projecting even more aggressive growth in the next five," Drake jabbered, sounding proud of his accomplishments.

"That's amazing," I said as I stared out the window. A fleeting image of Shane popped into my head. I smacked it down and turned to focus on Drake.

"Do you live alone?" he asked as we rolled to a stop at a light.

"Yes, I do."

"Good." He turned, heading toward my place. "I'm currently staying with some friends. It isn't the ideal situation. But I wanted to take my time and find just the right house."

"Where are you looking?"

"I haven't decided. If you could buy a house anywhere, where would you buy?"

"Anywhere?"

"Sure."

"I'd buy a farm in southern France. Or maybe a seaside villa in Spain."

He chuckled. "I meant in Michigan."

"Ah. Probably somewhere out a bit, away from the 'burbs, where I could have some land, privacy, quiet."

"Hmm. Sounds nice." The corners of his lips curled up. "I'll keep that in mind."

"For what?"

"Like I said, I want to buy the right house. The perfect house." He turned into my driveway and cut off the engine.

"Well, thanks for the very nice meal." Not wanting him to kiss me, I fiddled with my purse, digging for my keys.

"Can I come in?" he asked as he pulled his keys out of the ignition.

"Um, sure."

We headed up. I closed and locked the front door, set my purse and keys on the table and turned.

Giving me no warning, Drake grabbed my arms, yanked me forward and kissed me.

It was a shock. Not entirely unpleasant, but still a shock.

I went with my first instinct and shoved him away.

He gave me a strange, slightly confused look. "What's wrong? I thought we were getting reacquainted."

"We are. But you need to slow down."

"Okay. Sure. Sorry." He lifted his hands in a show of surrender. His expression was apologetic. "I guess I got my signals crossed."

"That's probably my fault." I motioned to the living room. "Please, sit."

I needed to be upfront. Honest. Clearly Drake had expected something to happen tonight that I wasn't ready for.

I waited until he was seated on the couch before I joined him. I left a comfortable amount of space between us. "I...I've been seeing someone."

His whole demeanor changed. "Oh. Once again, here we are..."

"It's not serious. I mean, we haven't...it isn't a committed relationship or anything. Yet." At his silence, I felt compelled to keep explaining, "But you know me. I'm not the kind of girl who even casually dates two men at the same time."

"Yes, that's one of the things I respected most about you." His chilly mien warmed slightly. "I suppose I should've asked you more direct questions before I started making plans for our future."

"At least we cleared it up now."

"Yes." His lips formed something resembling a smile. But the expression was empty. "We cleared it up." He stood. "I'd better get going." Moving swiftly, he headed for the door.

I followed. "It was really nice seeing you again. Despite everything, I'd like to keep in touch."

At the door, he turned, lifted a hand, cupping my cheek. I froze. Something wouldn't let me pull away from his touch. Guilt, perhaps, for leading him on. You're only going to make it worse, dummy.

"Sure. We'll keep in touch." Something flashed in his eyes. He snatched his hand away, pulled open the door and left without saying goodbye.

What a mess I'd made.

Standing at the door, I watched him go. As he ambled down the front walk, he turned to the side, pausing for a minute. Following the direction of his gaze, I squinted into the darkness, trying to discern what he was looking at. Whatever it was--an animal, maybe?--it failed to hold his attention for long. He turned his focus back to his car, parked in my driveway. A minute later I was watching it zoom away.

I shut the door and locked it and headed into my kitchen for something to drink.

It had been a bad idea to call Drake. Really bad. What a strange, awkward, uncomfortable night. Digging in my refrigerator, I found a bottle of wine Jill had left. I poured myself a glass.

Someone knocked on my door.

Drake?

I set the glass on my coffee table and went to check. Because it was late, I peered through the peephole, rather than opening the door.

Shane.

Shane?

As I was peeking, he knocked on the door again. His expression was grim, his brows pulled together.

I opened the door, and he charged inside, shoving the door shut behind his back. "Why didn't you take my calls?" he demanded. "And who the hell was that?"

Chapter 6

I was fuming. Absolutely livid. How dare this man come barging into my home late at night and demand to be told who I was spending time with.

Making sure he saw I was furious, I glared at him. "That's none of your business."

"Of course it's my business."

I narrowed my eyes even more. "Since when?"

"Since when? What the hell is wrong with you? What's going on?"

"Why don't you tell me?"

"What are you talking about? I've had no women at my place late at night. What are you suggesting?"

I took a moment to breathe. When I felt like I wasn't going to pass out, I said, "My friend took me out to dinner because I lost my job--"

His eyes bulged. "You what?"

"We saw you. With the bitch from the charity thing. Alexis."

"You lost your job?" he repeated.

"That's not the point. I. Saw. You." I poked his chest. "With. Her."

"There's an explanation for that." He crossed his arms over himself and angled his head. "We weren't on a date."

"Of course there's an explanation. There's always an explanation."

"No, really. There is an explanation. She's the chairperson of another charity. We're working on a fundraising event--"

"Right." I waved my hand and shoved past him.

"Really." He grabbed my wrist and forced me around.

I glared. Hard. Jerked my wrist out of his grip. "Don't touch me."

"I'm telling the truth, Bristol. Alexis is organizing a fundraiser--"

"That wasn't what was really going on. She wants you. Don't you see that? She'll do or say anything to spend time with you." I smacked my forehead with the palm of my hand. "Really? Are all men so gullible?"

"I'm not gullible," he spat. "And you're changing the subject."

"No." I shook a finger at him. "You're the one changing the subject. I'm talking about you seeing other women."

"I'm not 'seeing' anyone."

"Anyone. Not me, either. You got that right." Feeling tears burning my eyes, I stomped away.

Of course, being the overbearing bastard that he was, he grabbed my arm to keep me from getting too far. While I fought him, he pulled me into an embrace.

I tried not to snuggle up to him. I really did. But it felt so good to be held. And even better to be reassured.

"I swear, I didn't touch Alexis. Not a hair on her head. Nothing. We were discussing the fundraiser, nothing more. I understand she wants more, but there won't ever be anything intimate between us. Never. Not even if you were to tell me to get lost tomorrow."

I didn't want to believe his words.

Yes, yes I did.

No, I didn't.

Shit.

I closed my eyes and listened to the deep thump-wump of his heartbeat. The steady beat soothed me.

"I'll give you a job. Come work for me," he said.

Dammit. Now what? If I worked for him, I'd have to be around him all the time. That could go either way, depending upon how things were between us. Already, our...relationship...was rocky. Would the added stress of working together make things worse? "That's a bad idea."

"I'd never hold your job over your head, if that's what you're thinking."

"You wouldn't have to."

"Dammit." He angled back slightly, lifted my chin. "I want to help you. Let me."

I turned my head. If I looked at him, I would soften. I knew it. "I don't know."

"You need help."

He was right about that. I did. I'd tried finding something on my own. Tried and failed.

But taking a job working for a man I was dating was a bad idea. Really bad.

Maybe I could take something temporarily? Until I could find something else?

That might work.

Or not.

"I don't know anything about what you do," I said. "What kind of job could you give me?"

"I'll find something. We're always looking for intelligent people with a good head on their shoulders." He massaged my shoulders. I could feel the tension draining from my body, and with it, my willpower. "I'll let you know what openings we have, and then you can decide whether you'd like to apply."

"But--"

"You won't necessarily have to work directly under me." He grasped my chin again, forcing me to look him in the eye. "Nobody has to know about our personal...relationship."

"But--"

"And if you decide you'd rather remain..." he visibly swallowed. "...friends at any point in the future, then your job would never be in jeopardy."

My belly twisted. "I don't know."

"I'll call you." He cupped my cheeks and bent down, kissing me softly, gently, sweetly. "And I'm sorry for busting in here like a raging bull. Very sorry. I guess I got a little jealous."

"You surprised me."

"I'm such a bastard sometimes." Stepping back, he shook his head. "Who the hell did I think I was? We're not married."

"Drake's an old friend--"

"Don't." He pressed a fingertip to my lips. "You don't owe me an explanation. We never talked about...about you seeing other people. You're free to see whomever you like."

"Sure, but--"

"It's probably smart in your case not to get too close to a bastard like me. I'm more trouble than I'm worth." He looked at me, his eyes shadowed.

"You're not trouble."

"You don't know me well enough to say that yet. Give me time, and I'll prove to you exactly how f**ked up I am. Trust me." He took my hand in his, gave it a squeeze.

I glanced down at our joined hands then up into his eyes.

He genuinely believed what he was saying. He really did feel like he was f**ked up, trouble, heartache.

Jill would agree with him.

Me, I was torn. A part of me believed it too. That part of me was afraid to get too close because I didn't want to be hurt. That part of me was looking for reasons to cut things off before they got too serious.

But another part of me wanted to understand this man, to break through the wall enclosing his heart, and find out what he was hiding.

What would it cost me to shatter his defenses?

Was I willing to pay the price?

"Goodnight, Bristol," he said, tipping his head toward the door. "I'm going to leave now."

I watched him grab the doorknob, twist it, pull. "Wait."

He turned to look at me. His eyes were full of emotion. Dark emotion. The shadows terrified me. "Bristol. Let me walk out this door now."

"But what you said, about yourself--"

"It's true." He sounded so beaten down. "Look at the way I acted tonight. Look at all the confusion and hurt I've caused you already."

"You acted no worse than I have. I was jealous. I jumped to conclusions."

"You didn't follow me around town."

"You followed me?"

He nodded. "I told you, I'm..." He closed his eyes and sighed. "I don't just want to touch you. I don't just want to kiss you. I crave you. With every cell in my body." As he was speaking, he was coming closer, and every cell in my body was responding to him.

He stopped within inches of me, looking down at my face, his expression intense. "The second you're out of my sight, I miss you." He reached for me, but before his fingertip made contact, he yanked it back and jerked away. "I am going to tear your heart apart, Bristol."

I didn't want to be hurt. I didn't want to feel the way I did now, either. Confused and sad, longing to be in his arms. If I was thinking clearly, I would have let him leave.

If.

He grabbed the door again, and I whimpered.

Twisting around, he took another look at me and slammed it shut. Then he charged at me, hauled me off my feet, and slammed his mouth on mine. The kiss was wild. Lips and tongue crushing, possessing, staking a claim. I surrendered to his need willingly, kissing him back as he carried me to my bedroom. I fell onto the bed, and he went with me, catching himself on outstretched arms. He pulled my lower lip into his mouth, nipping it gently. He then groaned and angled upward so he was kneeling over me, spread knees straddling my legs.

"Bristol, say the word. Say red," he commanded.

I shook my head. "No."

He grabbed my shirt in his fists. "Please."

"No."

He ripped the material, and I gasped. A blaze swept through my body.

"Say the word," he growled.

"Green." I arched my back, pushing my aching br**sts up. "Green."

He flattened his hands over them, kneading their softness through my bra, and I moaned as a ripple of pleasure pulsed between my legs.

More. I wanted more. Despite my fear. Despite my confusion.

He pulled my bra cup down and pinched one nipple between his finger and thumb.

"Yes," I whispered as my body tensed. Arms. Legs. Stomach.

Shane had said he craved me. I had no doubt he was telling the truth. But what he didn't know was that I craved him too. His kiss. His touch. His possession.

"Arms up," he demanded.

I did what he said, lifting them over my head.

He reached under me, unhooked my bra and wrapped it around my wrists, binding them.

The sensation of being tied, trapped beneath him made me writhe with need. A burning ache pounded between my legs, and my tissues clenched, damp heat slicking the insides of my thighs.

He bent over me, nibbled my earlobe. He audibly inhaled. "I'm not going to let you make me lose control this time." His hand glided down my stomach. I stared into his eyes and he reached lower, lower, between my thighs. "Say the word, Bristol."

"Green."

He kicked his leg over, kneeling beside me. "You're so damn beautiful." His jaw was tense as he shoved my skirt up. His gaze dropped. His eyes darkened. "Dammit."

I parted my legs, bending my knees, spreading myself for him.

He gritted his teeth, ripped the scrap of material out from between my legs and cupped my ass, lifting it. With tongue and teeth, he tormented my sensitive tissues, my labia, my clit. I thrashed and moaned and cried and begged but he didn't stop, he wouldn't take me. Wouldn't fill me.

I needed him inside me, needed his thick length stroking away the overwhelming burning.

His tongue dipped inside, but that small invasion wasn't enough. It added to the torment instead of easing it. I could barely breathe. I was burning all over. Muscles trembling. Skin on fire.

I was about to combust when he yanked his pants down and thrust inside.

"Look at me," he said, sounding as breathless as I was. He was seated deep inside me now. He was holding completely still, stretching my tissues, the tip of his c**k pushing at the entry of my womb.

I opened my eyes and stared up into his. They were hard, piercing.

If I could have, I would have touched his face, stroked his jaw.

"Shane," I whispered as my insides tightened around him. I rocked my h*ps taking him as deeply as I could as he withdrew and then shoved inside again. His rhythm was fast and hard. And my body responded. This was what I'd needed. This was what I'd craved.

"My master," I murmured as I surrendered to his claiming. "Do what you will."

He held me in place with one hand, keeping me from sliding as he pounded into me. With the other, he caressed my clit. 'Round and 'round that fingertip went, and inside me a whirling blaze built, bigger, hotter. My senses amplified. Sounds louder, smells so intense I could taste them. The huff of our breaths and the sharp slap of skin meeting skin filled my ears. The scent of his skin and our blended need filled my nose. I was soaring, quaking, pulsing, writhing, on the verge. On the edge.

"Come, Bristol. Come now." He pressed hard on my cl*t and the pressure sent a blade of erotic heat slicing through me. I exploded. My inner muscles spasmed around him, squeezing rhythmically. He halted, growled and then began thrusting harder, faster, driving his length into me until we were both shaking from exhaustion.

When he withdrew, I felt empty. For just a moment. Until he untied my wrists, lay beside me, and pulled me into his arms.

"Bristol," he whispered. "I crave you. Day and night. Every minute. Every hour. Make it stop. I can't live like this."

"Shane," I whispered, rolling on my side to face him, "I don't know if I want it to stop."

The End

