Prologue

If I had known at the beginning, I might not have gotten lost in him. I might have known better than to hang all my promise and all my dreams on a man who was made like Tristan. I could have resisted the black-hole pull of him if someone had whispered in my ear and told me.

I would have ignored the appeal of his impressive intellect and laughed a little less at his thorny sarcastic wit. I might not have let his satiny voice tickle my ears or tried to put a name to the scent of male that followed him around. Most of all I would have filed his dazzling smile and the exquisite face it occupied somewhere in the 'look but don't touch' drawer.

The first time I sat astride his leonine frame and felt him hard under me, I would have followed my instincts and gotten off of him. I wouldn't have let his frustration be enough to pull me back to his mouth. I wouldn't have let my fear of being dismissed altogether lead me to give in to his lust.

I let him claim my desire before I had the chance to consider what that meant to me, to my life. By the time I knew his secrets it was too late. He had bred my passion and ignited needs I never imagined.

He must have known I'd have the urge to run. That's why he wove my life into his so seamlessly. By the time I realized what the challenges were, it was too late. He had engineered the kind of life I had foolishly hoped for and made himself a hero in the bargain.

One

Jenn and I had been working the Berkshires every summer since our senior year in high school. There were always plenty of jobs--waitress, camp counselor, store clerk, park attendant, lifeguard--you name it, we'd done it. We were both from solidly middle class families and had grown up together in Brooklyn, New York. When it came time to go to college, it was natural for us to choose the same one. We couldn't imagine being separated. We put our heads together and decided to apply to Bennington. By choosing a small liberal arts college in Vermont, we got as far away from a big city atmosphere as we could get.

It was our last summer together. We had graduated with a couple of worthless degrees --me with a degree in Literature and Jenn with one in Drama. She had decided to go for her Masters in Fine Arts and I would pound the pavement in September in New York hoping to land a job in the publishing industry. We had both gotten summer jobs near Stockbridge. Mine was at Tanglewood where I worked a computer during the day taking reservations and emailing confirmations of tickets. Jenn worked at night as the stage manager of the Mahkeenac Little Theater. Neither job paid very well. Halfway through the summer we talked our bosses into letting us trade. Jenn was tired of having her nights occupied and I was bored to the point of madness.

The Mahkeenac Little Theater was technically an amateur affair but the patrons and actors involved were so wealthy that the theater lacked for nothing. Not too many small town theaters pay their stage hands and managers, that's for sure. I took over for Jenn on the night of the first rehearsal for a quite famous play about some former high school football players and their old coach. It had won a Pulitzer Prize in the seventies and was considered 'racy' at the time because of the rough language. That's about all I knew about it.

I arrived early for the read through. Tom McMurphy was the director. He was a man in his late forties, quite attractive in an older guy sort of way. He gave me a script and I thumbed through it as I waited for the cast to arrive. The first two actors came in together followed immediately by a third. Two of them were slightly overweight and the third was slight and short. All three men wore khaki pants and a polo shirt. If the shirts had been the same color, I would have thought they were in a club. They seemed to know each other well. A few minutes later, a nice looking man in tennis garb arrived.

The final member of the cast, the actor who would be playing the coach, arrived last. He was five minutes late. He wore a gorgeous suit but quickly took his jacket off and draped it over the back of a chair. His tie followed. I hoped that the make-up artist was good because it was going to take a lot of talent to make this guy look like a dying, angry old man.

He was well over six feet tall and had the kind of lean body I associate with people who don't really work at having a 'bod' but just happen to have been born that way. Sleek was the first word that came to mind. His feline look was accentuated by thick and wavy golden brown hair that just brushed the top of his collar. His clothes whispered understated elegance. I'd spent enough time in the Berkshires to recognize a tailor made suit. The summer-weight wool draped almost like gray silk and broke in precisely the right way where his pants met his wing-tips. He had a pair of burgundy suspenders on. Somehow silk suspenders on a young man like him struck me as terribly hot. The tie he flung over the chair was one of those very expensive French ties with a tiny little geometric pattern. His gold and lapis cufflinks sparkled under the stage lights.

He was the kind of handsome that would appeal to nearly any woman. I could imagine my mother--or even my grandmother--remarking on his clean-cut good looks. His facial structure was like the type of movie star Mom's generation adored. Strong jawed, a small cleft in his chin, and groomed impeccably. I couldn't see his hands, but it wouldn't have surprised me if they were perfectly and professionally manicured.

He pulled out the chair at the table's end and arranged it, along with another so that he was facing the audience. When he lowered himself into the humble folding chair, his grace made it seem like a throne. He draped his long legs over the seat of the other chair and once arranged, gave Tom a look that said "I'm ready now, you can begin." There was an undeniable confidence in his manner, some might even deem him haughty.

The five men were in their places on the stage around a rectangular table. The 'coach' sat at one end of the table and the 'players' sat three on one side and one at the other end. Tom and I sat in the fourth row center with the empty side of the table facing us. I knew what to expect from a read through. Jenn had briefed me. I had learned that the actors would be using this reading to get a feeling for the pace and dialog of the play. They would have already read the play to themselves but this would show them how their characters would develop against one another.

Tom and I had our pencils and clipboards ready for notes. My role as stage manager would be limited at first, but I was expected to pay close attention. Later, when the director 'blocked' the play, I would be responsible for recording every move the actors made. I would also be making a prop list. The props would be my responsibility to organize and maintain.

Tom introduced me to the men. I would soon come to know them all very well. I had seven weeks to spend with them before the play opened for its two weekend run. It seemed a lot of work for no pay and not a lot of actual performing, but that's what Little Theater is all about. I wasn't surprised to learn that all the men, every one of them, were with private investment firms in New York. What I didn't grasp was the amount of actual net worth that was sitting up on that stage in front of me.

Tom went back to the lighting booth and dimmed the house lights. He propped his feet on the seat in front of us and told the guys to start reading. Within minutes I began to appreciate the brilliant way Tom had cast the play. He combined the men with their roles perfectly.

The smallish man had been assigned the role of a nervous, mediocre high school principal. The drunk was played by the nice looking guy who very much looked like he had been type-cast and the two overweight dudes were competing lawyers in the small town where the play was set. It wasn't until the 'coach' opened his mouth that I knew why he'd been chosen for his role.

When he was introduced to me, Tristan had spoken in a deep appealing voice that was smooth and sexy--the kind of voice that almost should have had a foreign accent. When he took on the role of the coach, it was like another man was speaking. He applied a gravely texture and a heavy southern drawl that altered his tone completely. That alone was an impressive talent.

By the end of the reading I had almost forgotten that these actors were all men in their late twenties and early thirties and not in fact four middle aged ball players and their old coach. I never really took the time to go and see productions by the Mahkeenac Little Theater and now I had reason to regret that. These guys were good.

At the end of the read through, Tom kicked the house lights on again and we joined the men on stage so that Tom could do his directing and I could take notes. I was astounded at Tom's attention to detail. I sat at Tristan's right hand with my back to the theater. I was just near enough to him to catch the clean scent of his faded aftershave. I had the urge to pull him closer so I could smell him properly.

I noticed that I was right about the hands. He held his script with one perfect set of fingers and grasped a Mont Blanc pen with the other, ready to make notes. The hands looked very much like they could make magic on a girl's body if the situation arose. My pulse kicked up at the image and I had to pull myself back. A literature major has a fertile imagination, almost by definition. Mine was threatening to run away with me. I turned back to listen to what Tom was saying to the players.

"Richard, I need you to ratchet the ego up a little in the first act. It'll make it that much more of an impact when you find out Daniel is fucking your wife. Cole, you're the seediest of all in this seedy bunch. Try to be a little slimier. Ooooze some more." He looked at his notes. "Tristan, I love the voice, but I think you need to take the Southern accent down a notch. I know where you're coming from with that, but the coach has a lot of things going on--we don't want to make him a caricature."

"Sure thing, Tom," Tristan answered in his normal silky bass. "I can rein that in a bit." He looked from Tom to me and caught me staring at him. I started furiously marking my script with...nonsense, really but I needed a distraction.

"Okay, guys. Off book by Friday night's walk through. I'll start blocking tomorrow night."

The smallish man, Brian, groaned at the schedule. "That's an awful lot of lines to master in five days, Tom."

"Oh quit belly aching! You've got nothing to do all week but count your money." They all laughed. "By the way guys...I'm going to need as much advance notice as possible if anyone needs to miss a rehearsal. I know I can't hope for 100% attendance, but an ensemble play like this really requires everyone at every rehearsal."

"Tom," said Tristan, "I warned you when I accepted the role that I'd miss some rehearsals. I nearly didn't make it today."

"Yeah, Tom. The 'star' warned you," said Daniel.

"Gotta work around the 'King', now don't we?"

Tristan held up his right fist next to his face and slowly uncurled his middle finger, flipping them off. "Gentlemen, I hope it won't be too hard to carry on without me. Those of us with successful firms tend to actually work at it."

There were hoots and some good natured "fuck you", "in your dreams", "kiss my ass" comments.

"Raina's here to fill in when Tristan or anyone else can't make it. I can't wait to see her stand in for Daniel...or Tristan." Tom said and gave me a wink. "You'd make a great angry old man."

Laughing at that, we all rose noisily rose from the table, all clattering chairs and chattering men. I watched Tristan sling his jacket and tie over his arm and take the steps down from the stage on his long legs by two's. I wondered where he was hurrying to as he flung a "G'night" back over his shoulder and loped up the aisle to the front exit. I had him undressed down to his underwear before he hit the door. I decided he was a silk boxer kind of guy just as his ass vanished from my sight.

***

Jenn was all but asleep on the couch by the time I got home. I had stopped at the grocery store for a bottle of wine on the way home because I thought I might need a glass or two to help me get to sleep. I recalled from my waitressing stints that it's hard to just get off work and go to sleep. A person needs some time to wind down. But it was more than that this time.

Tristan King had already barged on to the center stage of my brain and refused to give up the limelight. I had spent the short ride back to our duplex speculating about him. There was no ring on his shapely finger, but in this day and age that's pretty meaningless.

Tom had given me a brief rundown on the cast in general: investment hot shots summering in the Berkshires. That's about all I knew about any of them except that one of them had captured my attention in a way that took me by surprise. I couldn't quite sort it out. I didn't know the man at all. I had very little on which to base my feelings. But there was a feeling.

I wasn't kidding myself. A Brooklynite girl with a liberal arts degree from an obscure New England school, mostly untraveled, solidly middle-class roots--someone like me wasn't going to attract a man like Tristan King. In spite of that, fantasies are better with a 'real' human being populating them. My vibrator and I had just about worn out Hugh, Ryan, Johnny and Ben. For the next seven weeks, at least, I'd just found my new 'sexiest man alive'. I thought that would make a much better choice than a 'star'.

I opened the wine and reached for a glass above the sink. "Hey Jenn, glass of wine?" I called into the living room.

"No," she sat up and yawned. "I went out with Isabel and Cally after work. God, it was so nice to have a slow dinner out like normal people."

"I know. I ate a ham sandwich right before rehearsal. Now I'm starving again." I sat down in the ratty recliner next to the couch. "I really think I'm going to enjoy the job, though."

"Great, you're welcome to it. I've done my thing with the Mahkeenac Little Theater."

"I was surprised at how good the guys were on the read-through. There's some actual talent in that Little Theater."

"Who'd Tom cast?"

I rattled off the names of the five actors.

Jenn whistled. "That's a lot of ego on one stage."

"How well do you know them?" I was hoping for a few details on Tristan.

"Not well at all. I worked with Richard and Brian in Present Laughter but the other three I only met at after show parties."

"Tristan King?"

"Yeah, I met him. I think he was boinking the girl who played Joanna."

"Is he involved with her?"

"Far as I know he isn't involved with anyone. None of them are. These amateur theater types spend their summers 'playing' with each other, passing one another around like a bowl of popcorn. There's a cat fight once in a while, but otherwise it's a surprisingly amiable bunch."

"They seemed to know one another well."

"All of the guys, with the exception of Tom of course, work on Wall Street within a few blocks of each other. They're all richer than Croesus, but Tristan is the acknowledged 'king' of them all. Pun most definitely intended." She got up, yawned again and stretched. "I'm off to bed."

"Sleep well." I flicked off the TV and took my wine into my bedroom. I dropped my clothes on the floor and crawled into bed with a steamy book I'd started over the weekend. The hero was just about to return from a long absence and I was expecting a very hot reunion. I wasn't disappointed.

I put the book back on the night table and drained the last drops of wine from my glass. Then I reached into the drawer and brought out my trusty rabbit. A girl at Bennington had hosted a "Slumber Party" in our dorm and probably made a small fortune selling all of girls the latest 'toys'. I plunked down nearly a hundred dollars for my little bunny, but it was well worth it. Considering the state of my so-called love life it was an investment in my mental health.

I lay back against my pillow and adjusted the settings just the way I like them. The efficient little machine would have worked even if I had thought about doing laundry...it was that good. But this night I wasn't thinking about laundry at all.

Nope, I had Tristan King's face buried between my thighs and he was humming encouragement for me to let myself go. His eyes were fixed on mine as he worked his tongue across my clit, sucking and kneading it with his mouth. He had two perfectly groomed fingers inside my body and he was stroking the spot that no man has ever tried to find. I know where it is and so does my rabbit, but Tristan became the first actual man to seek it as I closed my eyes and surrendered to the vibrations and the fantasy.

My climax started intensely and crashed through my body. Tristan vanished in the selfish moment of orgasm where all that exists is sensation, pleasure and release. I caught my breath and let my heart slow down to normal rhythm. As I drifted off to sleep I reminded myself to make note of the color of his eyes. If I was going to imagine them gazing into mine, I'd better be able to fill in the details.

Two

I made sure to have a better dinner the next night. I didn't want my stomach grumbling at me halfway through the rehearsal. I was the first one at the theater. I unlocked the front doors, turned on the house lights and the stage lights. Tom had obviously been on the stage some time that day as it was now marked with the outline of the set that would soon be built. I went up on stage and walked the perimeter of the room that was nearly identical to the diagram in the back of the playbook.

I went back to the green room to put a pot of coffee on and fill the water pitcher with ice and fresh water. When I came back to the stage, Tristan was walking the set lines. The business suit was gone and he had a pair of white shorts and a melon colored shirt on. I could see the warm tan of summer on his long limbs and the sun streaks in his hair as he paced out the floor marks under the stage lights.

He had magnificent legs. They were masculine and defined but natural. Whatever he did to keep himself in such good shape, it didn't involve a lot of squats, thank God. He leaned down to pick his script off of the floor and I felt a little rush of heat watching his ass flex under the shorts. He turned around just as I was mentally peeling away his clothes--again.

The shadows of the stage concealed me as I watched him for several minutes. He opened up his script and began to read the major soliloquy the coach makes near the end of the play. Tom had surprised us all by deciding to rehearse the play in reverse. We'd start with Act 3 and work backwards. It was an unusual strategy that I would realize later was positively brilliant.

Tristan paced the floor as he called forth the character and voice of the coach. He wasn't projecting his voice as he would in a performance; he was simply reciting the speech naturally. If I closed my eyes I could see an old and bitter man. If I opened them I saw a wonderfully gifted man in a beautifully crafted package.

I could feel a flush working its way from the tops of my ears down my neck. My nipples tightened against my bra and I actually salivated watching him concentrate and move around the stage. Difficult as it was to accept, I was deep in the throes of an adolescent crush. I hardly knew the man. Tristan King was the sexiest man I had ever been near and he was turning me on just by being.

I began to feel the same kind of burn on my cheeks that I had gotten when my sister mercilessly teased me about being infatuated with a movie star when I was thirteen. I was irrational then and I felt the same way hiding in the shadows from a man who barely knew my name.

With heavy footsteps and a little 'ahem' as I rounded the edge of the stage left curtain, I announced my presence.

"Raina, I didn't know you were here." The smile he flashed immediately reminded me of where I had placed that mouth in my fantasy the night before and the thought threw me off.

"Oh, hi. Ummm. I was just getting...I mean I was starting the coffee. And the water. Well, not starting the water, just putting ice in..." I didn't think it was possible to sound more stupid then I did at that moment.

He had the good grace not to notice. "Would you mind running lines with me before everybody gets here?"

"Sure, I'd love to," I said a bit overenthusiastically. He went over to the edge of the stage and sat down, dangling his legs over the edge of the apron. I sat beside him and did the same.

"From the beginning of Act 3."

"Okay." I was amazed at the amount of dialog he had already committed to memory. He was nearly able to make it through the entire act without a prompt from me. I watched his mouth as he spoke the lines and got quite lost in the discovery that his eyes were an intricate hazel--shades of umber and olive mixed with a whole spectrum of woodsy browns.

"Raina?"

"Oh, sorry." I looked blankly at the page. He had been reciting a fairly lengthy set of lines and there were several speeches in a row.

"Daniel," he said as he leaned closer to me and pointed to the place in my script. "You're Daniel."

"Of course..." I read the line but I could feel the color rise in my cheeks. He saw it too. In spite the serious lines he was delivering, there was a crinkle of a smile around his eyes. He knew he had me flustered and it amused him.

I was relieved when Brian and Tom came through the theater doors. I never quite regained my composure for the rest of the evening. Thankfully most of what I had to do was make notes of the blocking. Tom directed the carefully movements of the men around the taped off space. Act 3 began to take shape.

As soon as rehearsal wrapped up, I slipped back stage to turn off the coffee and rinse out the mugs. I was putting the mugs back in their place when I heard Tristan's "G'night, all" faintly reach the back of the house.

Tom and Cole were the only two left in the theater when I came out from backstage. They invited me to Newly's Tavern for a drink but I decided to head home. I was working on the resume I'd be sending out when the summer job was over and it was time to get real about working. I wasn't looking forward to pounding the pavement in New York. I was looking forward even less to living with my parents until I found a job that would allow me to move out.

There was no way around it. I was going home to Brooklyn and back to the familiar Park Slope neighborhood where Jenn and I grew up. Jenn would be at Bennington, a long way from home. Sometimes the thought of being without my best buddy was enough to make me tear up. It had to happen someday, but that wasn't much comfort to me as the hours and days counted down to the end of the era--Jenn and Raina, BFF's.

We took the opposite shift jobs with the separation in mind. Both of us knew we'd have to wean ourselves off of our constant companionship. We had literally been passing in the halls for weeks with me at Tanglewood and her night work with the theater.

I was kind of quiet as we watched an hour of some Adam Sandler movie we'd both seen a half dozen times. Jenn asked me what was on my mind.

"Oh, a couple of things."

"Like?"

"Like how much I'm not looking forward to moving back with mom and dad."

"I hear you. I love your parents, but it does seem like a step backwards."

"And how much I'm going to miss you."

"Aw, Raina, I'm gonna miss you, too. You're the only sister I've got." She patted me affectionately on my leg. Jenn was from a family of three boys and her. Mine was all girls, me being the youngest of three.

"And about..."

"What?"

"Tristan King. I think I've got a crush on him."

Jenn laughed so hard I thought she was going to choke. "Honey, Tristan King cannot even spell middle class. I'm quite sure he considers Brooklyn only a small step up from Armpit, Idaho."

"You think he's so shallow that he wouldn't..."

"Raina, I don't think, I know. Wait 'til you start seeing all the other players in the drama of our incestuous Little Theater. None of the 'queens' are going to let you near Tristan. He's one of theirs."

Three

The following night I found out exactly what Jenn was talking about. Wednesday, two leggy, suntanned blondes came waltzing in in the middle of the rehearsal, stopping it cold. They swept in as if they owned the place and I guess, in a way, they did. Their families heavily endowed the theater and they both frequently played leading roles. They were featured prominently on the 'who's who' board in the front lobby.

"Tom, you horrible old man. I don't think I can forgive you for this all-male play," one of the blondes pouted as she planted a kiss on each of Tom's cheeks. "I had to volunteer for costuming just to be near the boys." The 'boys' on stage smiled with varying degrees of warmth. I happily noticed that Tristan seemed the least impressed.

"And I," piped the other one, "am going to decorate the set. From the description in here, it won't be much of a challenge." She playfully slapped the script in her hand on Tom's head.

The two of them carried on several minutes of banter with the men up on the stage. There was a great deal of hair flipping, shoulder touching and laughter at things I failed to find the least bit funny. Everyone seemed to know everyone very well. I felt about as invisible as a piece of gum stuck under the seat.

Finally, as they were leaving, Tom introduced me to 'Suze and Nicky'. Suzanne Redmond and Nicole Spencer, two rich bitches who made it very clear that I was hired help and nothing more. It amazed me that they could communicate that with almost no words at all. These girls were pretty much masters of non-verbal cues. The way they looked down their noses at me reminded me of the hookah smoking caterpillar in Alice in Wonderland saying "Who are You?"

I was suddenly more aware than I have ever been of my no name clothes and my ordinary brown chain-salon-cut hair. I was wearing my plain gold rope chain. It was the most expensive thing I owned other than my beater of a car and was a graduation present from my parents. I was ashamed of myself for thinking it looked small and cheap.

Suze and Nicky walked up the aisle toward the exit and all eyes, including mine, watched their slim asses sway under the cute little summer dresses they wore. When they reached the top of the slope, Suze turned and announced, "By the way, I'm claiming the opening night cast party and Nicky gets closing. It's only fair. We deserve some fun out of this stag party!"

It took a few moments to regain the momentum of the rehearsal. Tom told me later to make up a sign that said "Closed Rehearsal" and post it on the door.

"I know it's literally just 'play acting' for these people, but I take it seriously," he explained. "There's a lot of work that goes into these productions. There'll be plenty of time later for all the party games." I got the feeling that Tom felt almost as out of place as I did.

Tom taught speech and drama at the local high school but told me he aspired to greater things. At his age, he had to realize he'd never achieve anywhere near the success of the five young bucks he was directing. In fact, it was more than likely he'd never do anything more creative than directing Little Theater.

He explained early on that I would be filling in on stage when any of the guys had to miss a rehearsal. "Occasionally, one of them will have to go into the city," he had explained. Most of the time, if they worked at all during the summer, they did it virtually. "From the poolside, with a beer in one hand and a babe in the other," he had said, somewhat bitterly.

The second week, Brian wasn't at Tuesday's rehearsal. We had blocked the entire third act and the actors were all supposed to be 'off book' by then, at least for act three. So I would be up on stage with two responsibilities: to cue them if they dropped a line or part of the blocking and to read Brian's lines and move as his character was supposed to move.

Tom had meticulously plotted each and every little move the actors were to make. There's nothing more boring than a play that's poorly blocked. It makes the audience feel awkward and restless. Even though people in real life tend to stay in one spot for long periods of time, on stage that won't work. So the director has to put the play into action for it to succeed.

We were about half way into the act and it was going quite well. I had to prompt Cole on a couple of lines, but nothing major.

Until Tristan moved stage right when he was supposed to go stage left.

"Tristan," I said, "you're supposed to move toward the bar on that line."

"No, I'm not. I'm supposed to move toward the window."

I looked in the margin of my already well-worn script where I had written "Coach to s.l." Tristan was looking at me with a challenge in his eyes. I wanted to shrink away, but I knew I was right. If he went in the opposite direction he was going to unbalance the whole tableau.

"Really, you need to be just downstage of the bar at the end of that line." He just stood there, glaring at me.

"I think I know where I'm supposed to be."

"Well, not really..." I looked out into the theater where Tom was sitting in the dark.

Tom's voice came out of the darkness."Stage left, Coach."

Tristan glared at me as if I had betrayed him by being correct and moved downstage of the bar.

Later on, it happened again. "Tristan...that's where you're supposed to sit on the couch."

This time he just muttered "fucking hell" under his breath and plopped on the set of chairs that was substituting for the sofa to come. The chair squealed on the stage as his weight pushed it a few inches back. He was practically growling as he maneuvered it back into line with the others.

Later, there was a point where Tristan had to grab Brian's face. The coach was incensed that Brian's character had insulted the old team's integrity and the line was: "I wouldn't walk across the street to piss on you if you were on fire."

When he approached me, he did an impressive job of delivering that line as he took my face into his hands. His eyes seared into mine and the heat from his hands traveled all the way from my cheeks to places far below. He seemed to hold my head for a fraction longer than necessary and hissed out the words with believable venom.

I stuttered out Brian's next line. "It would be best to let me burn" and gratefully followed my blocking by turning away from Tristan and walking to the 'bar'. As I mimed pouring myself a drink, I very much wished I had the real thing. It was meant to be a powerful moment in the play. It certainly had that effect on me.

Of all the nights to pick to hang around after rehearsal, Tristan picked this one. He came back to the green room as I was straightening up. My back was to the door, but I felt his presence even before he spoke.

"Raina?" My name; his voice. I took a deep breath before I turned around.

"Yes?" I hoped that the effort to infuse that little word with nonchalance worked.

"Let's go have a drink." Not will you have a drink with me? or how about joining me for a drink? He had an odd way of putting things. It was almost a command. Like a rebellious kid, I wanted to say no on principle. But the stronger part of me, the woman in me, wanted very much to have the man to myself for a few moments.

"Sure," I said. "I just need to finish up here." Tristan leaned against the doorframe and wordlessly watched me put the mugs back in their place and rinse the coffee pot. My hands trembled a little as I held the jug under the running water knowing that he was standing there, his eyes fixed to my back. I was acutely aware of the intense physical attraction I had felt for him from the first moment he stepped up on the stage. His powerful portrayal of the coach and his personal magnetism had only heightened my curiosity and, I admit, my desire to get closer to him.

When I had locked theater, Tristan offered me his arm. "My chariot awaits," he smiled. Other than my beat up old Jeep in the parking lot, the only other car was an exotic looking black convertible, the top already down. It was a subdued version of the Batmobile.

"How about I follow you? We can go to Newly's. It's right near my house."

"I think not." When I didn't immediately loop my hand through the crook of his arm, he put his hand at the small of my back and steered me toward the lot. The firm touch of his hand just above my ass pretty much pushed all other thoughts somewhere far away. He opened the passenger side and I got in automatically--it was expected. "Newly's is for going out with the guys. I have a much better place in mind to take a lady."

His emphasis on 'lady' gave it a special ring. I looked down at my jeans and wished I had chosen something else to wear. He saw me looking down at my pants and read my mind.

"Not to worry. There's no dress code where we're going." The engine roared to life with a sound that was the mechanical equivalent to Tristan's own deep, throaty bass. The leather bucket seat enveloped my five foot four frame in pure luxury. There wasn't a piece of furniture in my family's house that was that comfortable.

I had to ask. I didn't care if I sounded like some unschooled rube. I didn't place the crown shaped emblem prominent on the grill of the car I was about to be whisked away in. Given that it would probably be the first and last time I'd ever ride in such a beast, I needed a name for it.

"Maserati," he answered me. "It's a GT--Gran Turrismo."

"It's a beautiful car," I told him. "Very classy without being splashy." Just like you. The car was perfect for him.

"Thank you, I'm glad you like it. It just wasn't practical for the city. A car like this is like a thoroughbred horse. You can't just keep it in a barn all the time." He reached over and stroked my thigh with the back of his hand. "Sit back and enjoy the ride. It's a beautiful night." What was beautiful was the way his touch made me feel. The stars seemed to shine brighter, the moon glow was a caress.

We had ridden for about fifteen minutes when Tristan pulled off the main road and drove up a tree lined approach that ended at a huge stone mansion that looked very much like a French chateau I had seen on my one summer abroad. I assumed it was one of the many up-scale inns that dot the Berkshires. But it didn't look too busy.

He pulled up right in front and led me up some stone steps to huge double doors that swung open as we approached.

"Good evening, Mr. Tristan." A slightly built man with Asian features greeted us.

"Hi, Kwan. My friend and I are going to have drinks on the back porch. Ask Charlotte to rustle up some snacks for us."

"Will do, sir." The man went on his way, flicking lights on as he went. Tristan had smoothly maneuvered me back to his house just as I was sure he'd done with many before me. As much as I found myself attracted to him, I didn't appreciate being manipulated. He was just too smooth. Too practiced. Too damn sure of himself and his effect on a woman. Although I wanted him, a part of me was screaming for a little bit of pride.

The hall that he illuminated in front of us was as ornate as I expected it to be. It was full of tapestries and the trim work was incredible--busts and angels and all sorts of things worked into intricate carving.

"Don't take this place too seriously. It is most definitely not me." He looked almost embarrassed by the opulence of the place. "I bought it because of the property--the land. It's on over a hundred acres and has a kick ass river along the back boundary." He led me to the 'porch' which was an extensive patio overlooking a rectangular pool and a lawn that seemed to go on forever.

Tucked into the far end of the patio was an outdoor kitchen and living room. It had obviously been an upgrade.

"This and a couple of the bedrooms are where I live when I'm here. What I really want to do is endow this historic pile to some worthy cause and build my own place back by the river."

"What will you build?" I watched him in the soft golden glow of the lights as he went to the bar. His movements made me wonder what it would be like to dance with him.

"Something painfully modern. I want as much glass as I can get so it feels like you're living outdoors. I'll tuck it way back in the woods so that no one can see me running around naked."

"Do you do that often? Run around naked?" I couldn't help it. He leapt into my imagination--all golden skin and hair against a background of forest that matched his eyes.

"As much as I can," he grinned devilishly at me and caught me blushing, again. "What can I fix you to drink?"

"Whatever you're having's fine."

He cocked an eyebrow at me and began mixing away while I vainly tried to push the image of his nakedness to the back of my mind. He brought me a glass and sat beside me on the sofa. He sat close enough so that his knee was touching my thigh as he turned to clink glasses with me.

"To the play!"

"Break a leg," I answered. I took a nice healthy swig of the pale green drink Tristan had made for us. I nearly choked. It was very tart and very, very strong. "What the hell is this?" I finally managed to gasp out.

He threw his head back and laughed. "It's a Kamikaze. Vodka, triple sec and a little Rose's lime juice. You don't have to drink it."

"No, that's okay...it's growing on me," I told him as I took another swallow. The warmth from his knee against me and the spreading heat from the alcohol were about make the idea of pride go up in smoke. He took his finger and ran it around my jaw line up to my ear where he traced the outline delicately and tapped my simple hoop earring so that it swayed in the lobe. I pulled my breath in deeply.

"You're certainly growing on me..." The suggestive line belonged in a script. I tried to think of a snappy retort and came up empty. He was intoxicating in spite of the predictable moves. There wasn't anything inherently wrong with being rich, handsome and full of yourself, I rationalized. But, if I went for it, I'd have some long awkward weeks ahead of me until the play ran its course. That, and I'd have the rest of the cast, plus those catty bitches to deal with. I'd have 'used' tattooed on my forehead. The men would pity me and the girls would laugh at me.

Kwan appeared with a tray and set it on the coffee table in front of the couch. It was a welcome distraction. The tray had a little dish of olives, some type of sausage and something wrapped in leaves. Tristan peeled the leaves away to reveal a small round of cheese. He tore a bite-sized piece off of the crusty loaf of bread and slathered it with the gooey cheese. He raised it to my mouth and fed me. I couldn't help but moan with pleasure as the unctuous buttery flavor hit my palate.

"Banon de Chalais," he said as he fixed a bit for himself. "From Provence. It's wrapped in brandy soaked chestnut leaves. Delicious, isn't it?"

Before I could agree he held another bite out for me to devour. This time, he stroked my lips with the tip of finger, tracing circles around the sensitive edges. I swallowed the bite of cheese and bread and broke the grip of his eyes on mine. I turned toward the table and took a sip of my drink as he did the same.

"This is not exactly the right beverage to have with this cheese...far too overpowering for something so delicate..."

He reached for my chin and pulled me back into his gaze. My lips parted with an unspoken 'oh' and he teased the tip of my tongue with his finger. He rubbed the moisture across my bottom lip. "You're lips are so perfect..." He hummed a little 'mmmm' of appreciation.

He looked into my eyes and I could see the glaze of animal passion swirling there. His desire for me was dizzying. The way he owned me with his eyes, his hands and even the sounds he made simply possessed me.

His kiss scalded my mouth. The lips that I had imagined, the mouth I had watched for so many nights was hot and wet against my own. I tasted lime and liquor as his tongue found mine. The faint remnants of his cologne left room for my senses to find the smell of his skin. His scent was all male, a spicy, salty, woodsy kind of odor that I wanted to bottle and keep.

My body reacted predictably to Tristan's smooth, practiced seduction. I felt his kiss roll all the way down my body, seizing my nipples, plucking behind my navel and pulsing between my legs. Being one of many suddenly mattered a lot less. He kissed my neck and nuzzled into my collar bone gently nipping at my flesh before returning to bruise my mouth with ever more insistent kisses.

The desire was incredible. I had watched him and mentally devoured his body as he paced across the stage. Since I had met him I had brought myself to orgasm after crashing orgasm by imagining his beautiful face pressed close to mine. Lust enveloped me like a curtain of heavy fog and I felt my better judgment blanketed in mist. Maybe there was nothing wrong with being used; no harm in just giving in to a powerfully attractive man who was divinely sexy. Hell, maybe I'd just use him.

He pulled me across his lap and ran his hand down the curve of my side. "So feminine," he purred at me like a big powerful cat. The husky depth of his voice reverberated into my very core. He traced my waist and reached around my hip to cradle my ass in his hand. "So soft you are. Delicious in every way."

He trailed back around to the front of my jeans and cupped my pussy in his hand, pressing hard against me. I could feel the moist heat of my response begin to soak my underwear and wondered if my pants were already wet between my legs.

I felt him unbutton the button on my fly and slide the zipper down. His fingers stole under the top of my thong and I moaned as he found my throbbing clit. He began to stroke me with exactly the right kind of pressure in exactly the perfect rhythm. It was as if he knew my body before he touched it.

He pulled his hand from between my legs and raised it to his face. Drawing in a deep breath full of my scent, he licked the two fingers that had been inside me. He held my eyes with his as the air around us crackled.

"Such a responsive little playground," he whispered in my ear as his hand returned to pleasure me again. "Such a sweet place for my fingers..." He kissed me. "For my mouth..." He kissed me again. "And soon for my cock." This time he put my hand on the erection that was straining under his clothes.

His words ignited me.

And the phone froze me. I hadn't paid much attention to it when he took it out of his pocket and put it on the coffee table. Plenty of people do that. I guess I just hadn't expected it to ring. Or, for him to answer. Considering where his hand was that should have been a little more important than a phone call. Apparently not.

Four

By the time I got back to the duplex, the whole evening really began to sting.

He had given me a sheepish look, grabbed the phone with his 'unused' hand and walked to the far end of the patio with it. I could see him wipe his other hand on his shorts and I suddenly felt unclean. I zipped up my pants and smoothed out my hair. The moment had clearly passed.

The only words I could make out on his end of the conversation were expletives. "Fuck", "asshole", "full of shit" and "goddamn motherfucker" were among them. It was obvious that something on the other end was going poorly for Tristan. He shoved the phone into his pocket so hard it's a wonder he didn't rip the bottom out. He didn't make eye contact with me right away, but went over and pressed a button on the kitchen counter.

"Look, something's come up," he told me. "It's Hong Kong."

I guess that was supposed to be a sufficient explanation because he didn't offer any more details. Kwan appeared out of the darkness.

"Kwan will drive you back to your car at the theater. I'm afraid I have to get back on the phone." Tristan looked like an impending storm, all blackness and fury. He turned toward the house and left me standing on the patio with Kwan. I don't know what I expected--a kiss goodnight, an 'I'm sorry' or 'I'll give you a call.'--but what I got was zilch.

I numbly followed Kwan around to the side of the house where a BMW sedan was parked. He opened the passenger side of the car and I got in.

We rode in silence toward town. Kwan seemed about as uninterested in me as it was possible to get. He was probably thinking to himself how Tristan was 'slumming' with the hoi-polloi. That I was definitely not in Tristan King's league.

"So, Kwan, are you Tristan's butler?" I asked it a little belligerently. I had already put my thoughts in the poor guy's head and I felt like reminding him of his place.

"Actually, I'm many things. While we're here, I look after the house. When we're in New York, I often act as chauffeur. When we travel to China, sometimes I translate. Always, I am his bodyguard."

Kwan looked all of five foot eight and about 140 pounds soaking wet. He noticed me sizing him up.

"I have a tenth degree black belt in Taekwondo. It is sufficient to do most things except perhaps stop a bullet.

"He needs a bodyguard?"

"Yes, he does." Kwan made that word the last of that conversation. I very much wanted to ask why, but the man's tone was unmistakable.

I decided to take a friendlier tone. "You're from Hong Kong?"

"No."

I had somehow managed to offend the man to the point where all I was going to get out of him were one word answers.

Jenn was asleep when I got in, so I was spared the 'I told you so' lecture from her. I sat on the couch in the dark and wondered what it was going to be like when I had to face him at rehearsal the following night. I felt foolish, cheap and immature. I knew better than to expect to meet someone like Tristan King on equal footing but I let myself be seduced by the handsome face and a few tired phrases he had undoubtedly used a thousand times. One minute he was all charm and French cheese and the next he was as cold as stone. Had I really expected to matter?

***

Much as I dreaded facing him, I dutifully showed up at the theater the next night. I needn't have been so nervous. Tom announced that Tristan had been "called away". I took his place on stage and had the bizarre experience of having to read his lines all night long. Every word I spoke rung back in my mind in his voice and every movement I made across the stage reminded me of how he walked, how his elegant hands--so recently on and in my body--punctuated his flawless delivery and how his coiled power reflected in the smallest action.

My rational self naturally commanded that I stop obsessing about a man who had so little regard for me. But my other self couldn't obey. I had a primal connection to the man that no amount of logic could break.

The second night without Tristan went badly. I was a poor substitute coach and the rest of the cast just wasn't feeling it. We accomplished little other than running lines and going through the mechanics. Tom was frustrated and called an early end to the rehearsal.

I was about to lock the front door when the house phone rang in the box office.

"Mahkeenac Little Theater," I answered.

"Is this Raina Harding, the sexiest stage manager in New England?" Tristan's voice poured like liquid satin into my head and set it spinning.

"Tristan."

"I'm just above San Francisco. My pilot will have me at Teterboro by four a.m. I'm going to catch a few winks and then check in at the office. I'll take a 'copter in the afternoon and make rehearsal in time."

Of course it would be Teterboro. Tristan King wouldn't be flying into a commercial airport. "Tom will be happy to hear that."

"Are you happy to hear that?"

Yes. No. I don't know. "Rehearsal didn't go well tonight."

"Raina...the other night."

"You had business. I know that."

"I'm not good with some...things. I hope you're okay with me...us."

"It's okay, really." No, it is not okay. It hurt...Is there an 'us'?

He turned up the heat in his voice. "I'm looking forward to...more of you. You're utterly fuckable, did you know that?"

I should have been offended. He was treating the incident as if he had left in the middle of dinner. But something about the way he said 'fuckable' sent a glowing shock right down to my pussy. Men could do it. Tristan could do it. I could do it too. Just have someone, even if only once, just because they were desirable, just because they were 'fuckable'.

I put on my best casual sexy. "You're not half bad yourself, Mr. King."

"See you tomorrow night," he purred. I could picture the half smile on the perfect face. A face I still wanted to see wandering all over my naked body.

"Goodnight, Tristan."

***

I dressed with a lot more care than usual for rehearsal. I wore a denim mini skirt that wouldn't scream 'dressed up' and a bandana print halter top. It was a good look for me and I purposely chose it for the accessibility factor. If a certain man wanted to touch me, there wasn't a lot in the way.

Tom was sitting with a dark-haired man in the third row when I arrived. He introduced me to Roger Maynard when I sat down. He told me Roger was an 'old friend' of the theater and stopped by to say hello to the guys. Roger was an extremely handsome man with delicate, almost feminine features. He would have made a very good looking woman.

The cast arrived and Roger greeted each one of them with great warmth. When Tristan arrived they hugged each other like brothers but I saw a look of darkness flicker over Tristan's face. When rehearsal started, Roger watched until the first break and then said his good-byes.

"Tristan, don't be a stranger, man. I'm still your friend, you know." Roger said as he embraced Tristan again.

"I know that Roger. I know." There was sadness in his voice when he answered. "I've been real busy. And...well..."

"I understand. Give me a call anytime you feel like talking."

The actors took the stage again but the rest of the practice seemed subdued. There was something unspoken and it seemed that all understood except me.

Tristan missed his blocking near the middle of the act and I called out for him to move downstage. He glowered at me and went. The next time I corrected him he said, "Speak up, will you?" I repeated myself unsure of why he seemed so sullen and menacing.

"Pick up the glass..." I told him, interrupting one of his speeches.

"Raina, if you're going to correct me, do it so I can hear you!"

"I'm sorry. It's just that you...intimidate me."

"Well," he thundered from up on the stage, "don't be so goddamned intimidated!"

I could feel the burn in my cheeks and the threat of tears behind my eyes. I blinked them back and busied myself with my notes. When he missed his blocking the next time, I didn't correct him. I figured I'd let someone else point it out. But no one did. It seemed I wasn't the only one Tristan intimidated.

The rehearsal concluded and everyone seemed in a hurry to get out of the theater. There was a melancholy pall in the air. Act 3 was the dark conclusion to a dark drama, but the cast's mood was not usually so. As I cleared the mess in the green room I tried to sort out the mystery of the night. Clearly, Roger had something to do with Tristan's mood. I had been expecting flirtation culminating in seduction. Instead, I was feeling frustrated and confused.

Tristan was lounging on a 'bed' that was stuck in front of some scenery flats when I came out. The house lights were still on, but Tom had killed the stage lights so the low backstage lighting was the only illumination. It would have been easy to miss him in the shadows, but again I felt him before I saw him.

"Come join me in bed." He patted the wooden platform beside him. His torso was against the headboard and the foreshortened bed wasn't long enough for his legs to stretch out. His knees stuck up at an angle.

I went over and sat on the edge of the bed, facing him. He looked tired. There were dark circles under his eyes and they seemed to sparkle a little less than usual. He surprised me by pulling me toward him and holding me against his chest. I could feel him breathing against my hair. He stroked my bare back gently. I sighed a small sigh as my flesh yielded to his touch.

His heart beat under my cheek and the smell of his skin seeped through his shirt. There was so much I wanted to ask him, but I couldn't bring myself to break the spell of that moment. When he lifted my face to his the kiss was all I wanted. Questions could wait.

It was as if he wanted to kiss the world away. His mouth was eager against me, searching mine with his tongue. He took my lower lip between his teeth and nibbled in quick, hot bites. When my tongue sought his, he sucked it into his mouth hungrily.

He trailed warm wet kisses down my neck as his hands went around to my bare back. He had no trouble releasing the bottom of my halter top and slipping it off over my head. My nipples were screaming for his touch. It seemed to me that the purpose of their puckered reach was to let him find them quicker.

"So perfectly beautiful," he murmured at the sight of my bare breasts. Taking them both into his hands he leaned down to suck at my straining nipples. The touch of his mouth on them sent wave after wave of electric arousal to my pussy. He twisted them both between his fingers as his mouth returned to conquer my lips yet again.

I wanted to feel the hard shape of his cock again. I had only had the briefest contact and now I wanted more. So. Much. More. He was rigid under his khakis. I stroked the thick shaft that strained under the fabric and the sound he made at my touch was the growl of pursuit. He pushed against my hand welcoming me to free him and bare his skin to mine.

Tristan's fingers were inside me again. He pushed aside the tiny triangle of silk that covered my sex and my body drenched his hand with the liquid of my lust. I rocked against his fingers as he sought the spot that would free me to abandon. His thumb worked magic on my clit, soft and hard, slow and fast, directed by the turn of my hips against his seeking touch.

I unbuckled his belt and wrestled the taut zipper of his fly down. As I reached under the elastic of his boxers, I felt him hit the elusive place inside me that I thought only I knew existed. Even as my hand reached to release him, I could feel myself edging closer to a climax. I could only hold onto him as my pleasure built and I felt the quickening rhythm of orgasm begin to lap at my edges.

"You're so wet, so supple. God, what a woman you are."

I began to grind harder against him as a climax started to draw around me. His fingers were having an effect on me that I had never experienced through a man's touch.

"It's so good. Oh, so good."

"That's right. That's the way..." he encouraged me to abandon myself to him.

I spread my legs farther apart, propping the outer one against a crate beside the wooden bed.

I whimpered and tried to give some attention to the hot cock I was holding in my hand."Later, sweet Raina. I'll still be here. Just let go."

I was crying out little grunts of pleasure every time he stroked inside me. My clit began to demand more. Tristan could feel me rolling against him, helping him touch me in exactly the right way.

"Beautiful. So intense, so fine. Give to me, Raina, give me everything in you."

Gasps, growls and groans were the only sounds I could offer. Words were lost to me.

"Let me have it, Raina. Lose yourself." Tristan coaxed me, cheered me, urged me to cross the line to utter and selfish need.

I felt a sudden gush of fluid between my legs. I knew what it was, but it took me by surprise anyway. This was the first time for us. I had a moment of doubt and embarrassment that Tristan crushed with his hand and his words.

"Do it for me. Oh yeah, oh just come hard for me, baby."

The rare and pure sensation demanded that I give myself over to it. The last niggling bit of inhibition vanished when I closed my eyes tight and let my body react in a way it had only done once or twice in the privacy of masturbation. The orgasm rolled over me like surf and washed away all doubt. My intense contractions coupled with great bursts of warm fluid and spasms that went all the way to my womb. I curled over myself in coiled rapture and sobbed out a cry of sheer of utter ecstasy. I collapsed against his chest and gulped for air as the final aftershocks subsided.

I still held his erection in my hand. I pushed the band of his shorts further down to expose him fully. The gods of physical blessings had not overlooked this part of his anatomy either. He was long and thick and his shaft sprouted from a neat nest of golden brown curls. I arranged myself closer to his groin and nuzzled my face there. The man-scent of his arousal filled my nostrils when I pressed my nose deep into his hair. He moaned my name and grasped my hair in one of his hands.

I worked the swollen head of his cock with my tongue while I held the base of his shaft with one hand. My lips felt his erection swell even further as I wrapped them around his glans. Although it seemed impossible, he pulsed to an even harder state. I swirled around the crown and explored the slit on the head with the tip of my tongue. With the head just inside my mouth I sucked, moving it in and out of my mouth with an audible pop.

Tristan growled with pleasure. He laced his hands through my hair and pulled it away from my face so he could see me work on him. I lubricated the length of him, licking up and down until I had saturated it entirely. Then I looked up at him and let him watch me lick my palm.

"Good God, Raina, you're going to make me come hard."

"Just as you did to me..."

I went back to work on him, my hand slick against his hard, hot flesh. I couldn't possibly fit his considerable length inside my mouth. I had never learned the art of 'deep throating'. This was the first time I'd ever wished I had.

I worked my hand in tandem with my mouth, trying to give him the maximum sensation I could. My fingers curled around his shaft and I moved it with a twisting motion. As I drew back on him I twirled my tongue around the ridge of the head and pursed my lips tightly as I moved toward the end.

My own body was responding to the lust in the guttural sounds of pleasure that he made in rhythm with my strokes. I put my other hand between his legs and rolled his balls inside the furry sack that was drawn tight against his body waiting for its role in the drama of his passion.

He watched me. He watched with eyes that burned. For me. I felt my pussy tighten and my nipples stiffen. I began to add my noises to his. I tasted the first salty sweet drop at his opening and quickened my pace.

"Harder...squeeze harder," Tristan rasped roughly.

It was a command I gladly obeyed. I tightened my grip on him. He put his hands on both sides of my face and began to thrust into my mouth, his fingers splayed through my hair and gripping tight. I let him take control even as he was losing it.

He was fucking my face at his pace now, furiously moving my mouth against him with his hips raised and his head thrown against the hard board of the make believe bed.

He warned me he was about to come and made a move to take himself out of my mouth. I took him as deeply as I could and gave him permission with the same kind of noises he had made when his own mouth was on me. It was unmistakable. I wanted to taste him. I wanted that intimacy and he knew it.

That knowledge pushed him over the edge. He stilled a moment and then, with a huge grunt of ecstasy he thrust once, twice, three times into the back of my throat. I felt the semen spurt into me and swallowed as he emptied himself. Each time he pulsed a jet out, he made the same noise. It was the unmistakable sound of rapture.

It gave me great joy to know that I had pleased him as completely as he had pleased me. The response of his body to my touch-- my worship of his most intimate part-- was pure and real. Every move and every sound he made was an echo of his desire.

My head rested against his abdomen as his breathing returned to something close to normal. I petted his wet cock and watched it slowly, very slowly, begin to relax and looked up at him. He lifted my chin with one finger, drew me up to his mouth and gave me a deep and grateful kiss.

I tucked my body into the side of his, cramped on the little platform. My head was on his shoulder and his chin half rested on the top of my head. We stayed that way for a while. I felt him twitch, first in his leg and then the arm he had around me. I knew he had fallen asleep. Looking at him on that silly pretend bed made him seem vulnerable. The bed was all painted up in garish colors from some long ago children's play and he was scrunched up in it like some gangly boy.

I was amazed he could sleep like that until I realized that he had been in Hong Kong less than 48 hours ago. He was running on almost no sleep and his body clock had to be completely confused. Plus, I'd just drained him dry.

"Tristan, you should wake up." I gently moved my hand against his chest. "We need to get you home, and into a real bed."

Tristan tucked his now utterly relaxed cock back into his shorts and zipped his fly. "Sorry to fall asleep on you." He kissed my lightly before he swung his legs over the other side of the bed and stretched out with a couple of groans. "You pulled the last of my energy out of me, I'm afraid."

"You've had a long couple of days."

"You can't even imagine. I do need a solid night's sleep, though--it's been a while."

"Let me drive you home." I was concerned about him falling asleep at the wheel. "You can fetch your car tomorrow."

"No, I'll be fine, really."

When we got to the parking lot, I offered once again to take him home, but he firmly refused.

"Can you give me a ring when you get home...just so I know you're home safe?"

Tristan gave me a very strange look when I asked him that. "Raina, I said I'll be fine. Can we just leave it at that?"

"Uh...sure. Well, good night then." I turned to go to my car, but he stopped me.

"Thank you for tonight. It was wonderful." He kissed me gently on the forehead like a child, which seemed yet another odd thing considering what we had just been up to in the wings. Still, it was far better than the last parting and I decided to accept it for what it was--a spent man with nothing on his mind but a good night's rest.

Five

Sleep didn't come easily for me that night. It took a while for the glow of what our bodies had done to one another to wear off. When it did, I was left with quite a bit of confusion.

I kept running the week through my head and not much of it made sense. Okay, I could accept that a crisis of epic proportions halfway around the world could cause a temporary lapse in manners--what Tristan called "not being good at some things". And I could chalk up the gruffness on stage to an ego that hated to be corrected.

And, I suppose there could be legitimate reasons for a man with a great deal of money to have a personal bodyguard to travel with.

There were still two things I couldn't reconcile. First, why did that Roger character have such a chilling effect on not just Tristan, but the entire cast? Second, what the hell did Tristan King see in me?

Only Tristan could answer the last question, but I was sure that any one of the other cast members could shed some light on the first.

When I woke up Saturday morning, I was surprised to see that it was nearly ten a.m. I had slept poorly, waking several times from various disturbing dreams featuring painted stage beds, Chinese bodyguards and pretty men with sad faces.

The apartment was empty because Jenn had to man the virtual Tanglewood box office and the phones on Saturdays. Sunday was the only off day we shared and as the summer drew closer to its conclusion, she and I tried to make the most of each day we had left together.

She'd left a note on the kitchen table:

Hey sleepyhead, how about a drive and a picnic tomorrow? Jenn.

That sounded like a plan to me and it gave me something to focus on other than the strange and overwhelming way Tristan had insinuated himself into my thoughts. He wasn't doing it on purpose. That much I freely admitted to myself.

Even as a child, I had a tendency to over involve myself in people and situations. My sisters used to tease me about being 'sensitive' and taking things too seriously. Those qualities had also given more than one guy all the reason needed to walk away from a relationship with me.

I've never been very good at casual. Even my friendships tended to be deeply intimate. What excuse could I come up with for allowing myself to get even mildly involved with Tristan? He wasn't just out of my league; we weren't even playing the same game.

One spring break, my second year at Bennington, Jenn and I and two other girlfriends went to Panama City beach for spring break. Jenn and the two others threw themselves into the 'scene' with abandon. Even Jenn, normally not a girl you would describe as 'wild' by any stretch, had sex with at least three different guys that I know of in the course of our ten day stay. All I managed to do was piss off a couple of dudes, one of whom called me a prick teaser in front of a bar full of drunken strangers.

So, what was it about Tristan that would make me want to do something I'd never wanted to do before? Casual liaisons had never appealed to me. Why now? Why involve myself with a man with whom there could never really be any involvement? What was there about him?

Maybe I was growing up. Maybe I had matured sufficiently to do what the rest of the world seemed so fond of doing--see someone attractive and go for it if you can. God knows I found Tristan attractive. At first, it was simply an animal reaction to a man who seemed to have been constructed to my personal standard of perfection. But, even in the short time I had known him, I had found other things about him compelling, appealing and so fascinating.

His talent as an actor was superb. From the first moment I watched him on stage, I was amazed at his ability to transform himself into another character. Every single thing he did on that set reflected the coach--his voice, his posture, even the movement of his hands. The fact that this was only a hobby for him impressed me even more.

I liked the fact that he didn't seem to take himself too seriously, at least not all the time. And while he seemed to appreciate the fine things he surrounded himself with, they apparently didn't define him.

About the time I started to hope that I'd get a call from him over the weekend, I realized that he had never gotten my phone number. I had his, of course, on the cast roster. I was tempted to call him, maybe just to 'check' that he made it home okay. That was a temptation best resisted, I told myself.

Sunday's picnic helped me stop over thinking the whole 'non-relationship' with Tristan. Jenn had taken care of last Sunday's Mexican day and it was my turn to treat. A cold platter and a nice bottle of wine would be great for our picnic. I thought of the cheese, olives and great bread that I had eaten at Tristan's and wondered where he got those treasures. I could casually call him and ask. I mentally slapped myself across the face for that thought.

Our local gourmet grocer had quite a selection to choose from. I didn't see the particular cheese that Tristan had served--the one wrapped in brandy soaked leaves--but I found several I liked. The cheese monger gave me samples and guided me in selecting three types that would complement each other. I also bought dry Italian salami, some mixed olives and a loaf of artisanal bread with herbs baked in. It would be a scrumptious picnic.

I stopped at the wine shop and bought a cheap, but respectable bottle for us to share and went home to put it all away.

I was at loose ends after that. Jenn is a neat and clean freak and I'm not far behind. There's rarely anything to be done to the duplex on Saturday except a little laundry and she had taken care of that before she went to work. I folded the few towels in the dryer and decided I'd take a ride over to the theater and see how the set was progressing. We had the basic walls up which made a big difference in rehearsal. It's so much easier to have an actual wall than a piece of tape on the floor. Even the appearance of a sofa on Thursday had change the dynamic of the 'room'. Each little detail added a new element that made each performance become successively more nuanced; progressively more real.

I laughed when I opened the theater doors to find the stage crew painting the interior of 'coach's' house Pepto-Bismol pink. Tom had mentioned that he wanted the feeling to be one of a little old lady's living room complete with doilies over the backs of chairs. Coach had lived with his mother, never married and stayed in her house after she died. There was an implication in the storyline that the coach had some 'tendencies' but it was probably too subtle for most people to pick up.

Tom was on stage with Suze watching the painters. Suze was obviously acting strictly as a supervisor. Her beautiful slacks, shell top and ballet flats weren't going to get anywhere near that pink paint, that's for sure.

Tom saw me and waved me up on stage.

"Looks like things are really shaping up, Tom. I didn't see the pink coming." I turned to Suze. "The set looks great, Suze."

"Oh, thanks...uh...um."

"Raina, the name is Raina."

"So sorry. I'm so bad with names." I wasn't the least bit surprised she was 'bad' with mine. Suze ran over to a couple of high school kids who were bringing in the bar on the opposite side of the stage. "Boys...do be careful with that piece. It was my grandmother's."

Tom laughed. "There's one of the phoniest women who ever wore Chanel No. 5."

"Not fond of our little Suze?"

"Good god, she's one of the reasons I chose an all male play. I don't think I could make it through another production with her kind."

"Her kind?"

"Oh c'mon, Raina. You're young but you don't strike me as stupid. Have you ever met people as ridiculous as the women here?"

"Why just the women?"

"The men can be obnoxious, too. But they have a real life. For the majority of the women, this is their life." He shrugged as if to say it didn't matter much to him. "Let's go look at the set from the audience."

We sat about midway up the center section and looked at the stage as if we were an audience seeing it for the first time.

"That's the most bilious shade of pink I've ever seen. Are you sure you aren't risking wide spread nausea in our audience?"

"I wanted it to be a real contrast. The rough language, the big jocks, the drinking--all within the context of a little old lady's living room."

"You've certainly achieved that with this decor. I can't wait to see how the cast reacts to it."

"Rehearsals will take on a new dimension with the set nearly done. I think it's been going very well so far."

I agreed with him...and saw my chance. "It's a wonderful ensemble cast you've put together, Tom. But...I noticed something very strange in the air Friday night. Care to shed some light on it for me?"

"I'm not sure I know what you mean," Tom responded in a guarded voice.

"C'mon, that Roger dude. The whole cast went all somber and Tristan was a positive bear the whole night." Well, maybe not the whole night, but I didn't need to share those details with Tom.

"It's not important. There's just a past."

"What's that supposed to mean?"

"I hate to gossip. There are already too many noses poked in everyone else's business in this theater group."

"Well, it sucks when everyone knows an open secret but me." I was pissed off that Tom wouldn't tell me something that was obviously public knowledge.

"Okay, okay. Tristan was engaged to Roger's sister years ago. It ended badly."

I hadn't seen that coming and it hit me right in the gut. "But Roger and Tristan are still friends?"

"As much as they can be under the circumstances."

"Was the break up that ugly?"

"Oh, there wasn't any break up."

"Are you being deliberately vague? What do you mean there wasn't a break up? They aren't together anymore...are they?"

"Hardly. Elsa was...Elsa's dead."

I had to let that sink in for a moment. Tristan, man about town, was once going to get married and his fiance died.

"How did she die?"

"Look, Raina, it was years ago and I wasn't around here then. I've heard several versions of how she was killed and the truth is, no one really knows except Tristan. So if you want the whole story, you'll just have to ask him."

Suze called from the stage. "Tom, I need you up here for a few, sweetie." Everyone was a 'honey' or a 'sweetie' to Suze. Tom seemed eager enough to finish our conversation and leapt up to do her bidding.

"She was killed...no one really knows except Tristan." I was stuck with more mystery than before and now there was a sinister edge to my speculation.

I went back to the duplex with the intent of digging up all that I could about Tristan King and his fiance. It took me a few moments of intense concentration to come up with Roger's last name. I hadn't been paying all that much attention when Tom had introduced him. Fortunately, unlike Suze, I have a pretty good recall of names.

I typed in "Tristan King Elsa Maynard". Sure enough, I came up with an engagement announcement. The engagement had been five years before and there was a picture of the happy couple. Tristan was as handsome as ever. It was apparent the ensuing five years hadn't aged him much. Elsa was a female version of Roger. Just as I thought, the features suited a female face. She was pretty, but in a very natural, girl-next-door way.

I stared at the photo of the woman Tristan had loved enough to want to marry her. Her eyes were fixed on him and brimming with love. I wanted to cry. Not because he had lost the love of his life...no. Because he had had a love of his life.

I filled in as many of the blanks as I could over the next hour or so. I found the obituary. It said nothing at all about the circumstances of her death. I tried every phrase I could think of-- "Elsa Maynard death", "Elsa Maynard killed", "Elsa Maynard accident", and so on until I had exhausted my options.

There wasn't much more on Elsa. She was the daughter of a couple who apparently hadn't done anything more newsworthy than serve on a few high school planning committees. There was nothing about her family background; no social pedigree that I could find.

The engagement announcement mentioned that Elsa had graduated from a small state university. Beyond that, her major claim to fame was to get engaged to Tristan King. When I searched that name I came up with plenty.

I read enough to know that he was probably the most successful and secretive private investment guru on Wall Street. In a profession that values discretion, he seemed to be a master of it. In fact, most of what I read about him was pure speculation. Unschooled though I am about the world of finance, I knew enough to know when I'm reading filler bullshit in an article. A lot of his press centered on the fact that he had garnered vast power and wealth at such a young age. Apparently, that's all the reporters could come up with.

I did an image search next. Jenn and Tom hadn't been off the mark in their assessment. Tristan seemed to have a penchant for model/actress types. There were several pages of images of him arriving at this or that gallery opening, art show, theater, opera and on and on. Every woman seemed more beautiful than the last. He certainly got around.

I went back to the engagement announcement. The contrast was striking. Elsa looked like Jenn, or any number of pretty all-American girls I had known in college. The women Tristan appeared with in New York were far more like Victoria's Secret models or Hollywood types.

There were a thousand questions I wanted to ask Tristan. But just how does someone start a conversation with "I researched your background on the internet for hours after I learned your fiance had been killed. Let's talk about it."?

***

Jenn and I had a great picnic. I caught her up on the 'situation' with Tristan. She seemed impressed that I would even have the courage to get as far as I had with him. She knew me pretty well, maybe better than anyone. She knew how out of my element I was.

I filled her in on the things I had learned about him--both the gossip from Tom and the internet research.

"You've got yourself a complicated man on your hands."

I chuckled. "I wouldn't go so far as to say 'on my hands', Jenn. But I do agree that he's complicated."

"You better keep me posted. This ships-passing-in-the-night thing of ours is keeping me too much in the dark."

"It's only going to get worse, too. Tom called and said that Brian is having an early cast party to celebrate the christening of the set tomorrow night."

"I know how that goes. Get ready for some heavy partying and late nights."

"So I've been told. I sure would like to get Tristan alone. But I don't see much chance of that happening tomorrow."

"Raina," Jenn took my hand and squeezed it. "Be careful, will ya? This guy is a lot of things. And now I'm wondering if he's not just a rich playboy, but maybe a dangerous man, too."

"No one has said anything like that! I didn't uncover even a hint of scandal."

"But you didn't find answers, either. Just keep your distance until you know him better."

"Umm...it's a little too late for that."

"You know what I mean. You don't have to take the sex any further and you can certainly reign in the emotions until you know more."

"You're right, Jenn," I agreed. But was she? I felt like a virgin teenager who goes to third base and can't get her mind off of what a home run would feel like. The thought of really fucking Tristan was pretty much running in a continuous playback in my mind.

And the emotional part? There was so much more to him than I originally imagined. I wanted to know more. I had to know more.

Six

Rehearsal couldn't have been better. Somehow having the set nearly complete made the actors really kick their performances up. It was the first run through for Act 2. The men all had their lines pretty much down pat and Tom blocked it quickly with me furiously taking notes of every move the five players would make.

I didn't have any opportunity to talk to Tristan at all. Once in a while we'd make eye contact--enough to raise my pulse a notch or two--and then it was back to work. It was quite amazing to see the ensemble evolve. Every time they took the stage the roles crystallized a little more.

Brian wasn't wasting any time giving his party a kick start. Single malt scotch played very prominently in the script. It was the drink of choice for all the characters and copious amounts were consumed during the action of the play. Brian had decided to liven up rehearsal by replacing the iced tea I always stocked in the decanter with the real deal.

The guys had given me lots of grief about my lousy iced tea. I had been setting up the 'bar' on a couple of saw horses. The 'glasses' were Styrofoam cups and the decanter was a plastic pitcher. With the real bar from Suze's grandmother in place, we had graduated to a nice cut glass decanter and tumblers, also courtesy of Brian who seemed to know his way around a whiskey bottle.

By the time rehearsal broke up, the actors had loosened up and were having a great time with the script. I was glad that that the weekend had dispelled the moodiness caused by Roger's visit to Friday's rehearsal. Now that I knew the cause of all the darkness, I wasn't anxious to see it return.

Brian had an old house right in town, only a couple of blocks from the theater. I left my car in the theater parking lot as did Cole, Tom and Tristan. There wasn't much parking at Brian's and to my disappointment, 'the girls' including Suze and Nicky plus a few other crew members were already at his house getting the food ready.

I have to admit the spread was divine. There was a beautiful ham and little finger rolls from the bakery in town, several different salads, cheeses, little pastries with all sorts of savory fillings and an entire table of luscious looking desserts. It was way more than it seemed a group maybe fifteen people could consume.

Tom and I kind of hung around in the kitchen, nibbling at this and that, listening to the gang carrying on in the living room. I very much wanted to maneuver myself near Tristan, but he seemed content to hang out with the group in the living room. I didn't feel like I quite fit in. I think Tom felt the same.

Suze was quite accomplished on the piano. She was plunking out show tunes while a few of the others belted out the words. Tristan had taken a turn and had everyone in stitches with his excellent rendition of "If I Were a Rich Man" from Fiddler on the Roof. He threw in a convincing accent and even managed a little dance to go along with it.

I was beginning to feel a little sad and neglected when I noticed over Tom's shoulder that Tristan had started up the narrow spiral stairs at the back of the kitchen. Tristan put a finger to his lips and then crooked it around indicating I should follow him. I waited a few minutes until Tom went out into the living room to get another plate. I quickly ascended the stairs and disappeared before anyone returned to the kitchen.

Brian had converted the attic above his house to a loft. There wasn't much head room in parts and there were lots of huge cushions strewn around. In one corner there was a Jacuzzi tub and in another I saw a huge television screen.

"Welcome to Brian's loft o' porn," Tristan greeted me. He was leaning back against a pile of pillows and patted the carpet beside him, inviting me to sit down. "In this room, there is a library of smut so vast that it would take more than a lifetime to view it all."

"Oh? Really?" What could I say to that?

"He's a collector. Little men often have issues, you know."

"What about big men? Do big men have issues?"

"None worth discussing tonight."

Tristan pulled my face toward his and claimed my mouth with a crushing kiss. There was an element of something dark in the way he took me into his arms. He held me hard against him and breathed into my hair. "It's time now, Raina. I want to fuck you now...here."

"Tristan, I think there are things we need to talk about first."

He pulled me on top of him and roughly positioned me so that I couldn't help but feel his erection against my groin. My traitorous body reacted immediately.

"Raina, there's only one kind of communication I'm interested in tonight. If that's not why you came up here, maybe we should go downstairs for some milk and cookies with the rest of the children." There was an edge to his words. It was the same edge I had heard from the stage when I corrected him. It was the hiss that I had heard when he held my face in his at practice that first night when I went back to his house.

If I backed away I'd probably never know what it was like to have Tristan King's cock inside me. He made it clear that it was going to be his way or not at all. I wasn't going to get any answers 'before'. The only kind of knowledge I had to look forward to at that moment was the carnal kind.

His eyes had narrowed slightly and his nostrils flared. He wasn't going to try to convince me. He had made it a challenge. It was my choice, but the stakes were high. I leaned down toward his face as if I was going to kiss him. Instead I put my mouth very close to his ear and ground my pelvis into his.

"No cookies...just milk," I whispered.

He rolled me over onto my back against the pillows. He got up and closed the loft door, sliding the bolt in place to lock it. He kneeled in front of me and pulled my light cotton sweater over my head. My bra followed. He leaned over and tugged at each of my nipples with his lips and then raked his teeth across the erections that sprang up at his touch.

My skirt slipped off easily and he hooked his thumbs into the elastic strings at the side of my thong and brought them off at the same time. He took my knees in his hands and spread my legs apart so that I lay in front of him utterly naked and exposed.

All the while he punctuated his touches and his movements with "beautiful", "perfect", "succulent", "gorgeous".

"Touch yourself."

I had never masturbated in front of a man. It seemed a terribly intimate thing to do.

"Touch yourself while I undress. Watch me get naked and get ready for me."

I put a tentative hand between my legs. I watched his face as he watched my hand. He began to slowly unbutton his shirt.

"Don't be shy. I know you know what to do with your own body."

He was right of course. I knew what to do with my body, but it was strange--strange and utterly arousing--to begin circling my clit with practiced fingers for someone else's eyes. I rubbed with the flat pads of my fingers, dipping down to gather some of my moisture to bring up to my clit. He saw me. He brought that hand to his mouth and sucked the fingers, wetting them even more. He put my hand back against my pussy.

"More, I want to see more." He unbuckled his belt and unzipped his pants. I rubbed in a tighter, harder rhythm as I watched his muscles move under his bronzed skin. There was just the right amount of hair on his chest--a furry patch in the middle that just barely reached his nipples--and a little golden trail down to his navel and below. He pushed his shorts and boxers off and I gave a little groan when I saw his erection spring out from his body. It excited me beyond measure to know that it was his desire for me that swelled his cock. This man...this complex, shadowed, beautiful, talented man wanted me.

I spread my legs further apart wanting to welcome him. He leaned over me and began to kiss and softly bite my inner thighs. Every so often he would suck hard enough on the soft flesh so that it would sting and make me cry out. But the small pains made my fingers work harder and my clit reach out for more and more sensation.

He sat back on his haunches and pulled me onto his lap. My ass was on his powerful thighs and my legs at each side of his torso. My hand lost its rhythm. "Don't stop working yourself," he ordered. "I want to watch you make yourself come. Right here in front of me."

I didn't know if I could. It seemed almost clinical to have his face just above my furiously working fingers. I closed my eyes hoping I could let go easier that way. If he wanted me to climax, then I wanted it too. I just wasn't sure I would be able to do it.

"No. Don't. Open your eyes and look at me. I want to see your eyes. I want you to see mine." I locked onto his hazel depths and I could feel his will. I could feel the force of his desire almost as strongly as I felt my own.

I was more than naked. Raw, bare and utterly stripped, I pushed myself to release all shame and free myself to the pleasure he so insistently wanted me to find in myself. When I felt the first clenched pulse of orgasm on my clit, I gave into it. I saw his eyes widen as I breathed the sharp sighs of abandonment, my climax rushing over me and taking control. The contractions gripped my body and my free hand flew to my mouth to stifle my cries. He pulled it away.

"Oh god, oh fuck..."

"That's good, Raina. Tell me...no one can hear you up here. Tell me what you feel."

I let my incoherent grunts and moans speak as I coaxed the final spasms from my quaking flesh. When they subsided, I turned my face away from him, suddenly ashamed again at exposure so intimate.

He pulled me up to his face and kissed away the doubt. "That was insanely exquisite." He pushed his hips up slightly so that I could feel his hardness, now right under me. "Feel how you excite me?"

Still catching my breath, I could only nod. My chin quivered and a tear slipped from my eye. It was not a tear of sadness but of ecstasy realized. He kissed the drop that rolled down my cheek and lowered me gently to my back.

Placing his legs outside of mine, he slid his cock between my slick thighs just to the point of entry. The hot touch of his head teased the folds of my pussy and I instinctively tried to open up to him. But he kept me pinned in a powerful vice.

When he slid into me, my body arched up to receive him. He filled me in a way so complete that I knew in that moment that no man had ever really touched me before. In Tristan's embrace, I was newly made. He drew both of my arms above my head and held my wrists in one hand. He covered me and kept me from moving as he thrust deliberately into my body, each push snaking across my needy clit, each withdrawal petting the secret place inside me with his swollen cockhead.

I was a vessel. Nothing was asked of me except to take what he offered. The only response he required was my pleasure. The only movement he allowed was the rocking of my mound against him as he fucked me.

I squeezed my thighs harder around him with each outward stroke. He answered with a growled, "So damn good." He moved faster in and out of me and his breath became ragged and quick. When I realized that he was going to come soon, it flamed my arousal and made me burn to join him.

He released my hands and I immediately clutched the cheeks of his ass as he pumped into my pussy. He moved one of his thighs between my legs and then the other. I knew what to do. I spread my legs and grasped my knees drawing them up as far as I could at his sides. Opening my legs at last was all it took to take me to the point of no return. My clit was as rock hard as his shaft.

Tristan thrust once, twice and then held his cock inside me, as deep as it would go. His body jerked with a violent release. Knowing that his come was filling my depths pushed me over. My fingernails dug into the hard flesh of his ass. As my orgasm claimed me, I felt contractions deep in my womb as my body reached out to drink his essence.

The power of our mating overwhelmed me. As he rested his body against me, spent and panting, I found myself wishing that I could keep him inside me forever.

He rolled off of me and gave a great satisfied sigh as he relaxed against the cushions.

"Aren't you glad we didn't waste all that time talking?"

"It was perfect," I agreed. But even as I said it I wondered when or if the time was ever going to be right to ask about Elsa. All at once, her face filled room--innocent and pure--looking at her husband-to-be with eyes full of devotion. I wanted to tell him that I knew about her, about his loss. I wanted to somehow assure myself that, although he had loved her, he could love again.

"Tristan?"

"Yes, lovely Raina?" I loved the sound of that. I loved the smile that went with the words.

"I know it isn't the right time..." I blundered.

"If you know it isn't the right time, then why try to make it so?" His mood turned instantly cold. "You and I...can we just let it be? No analysis. No expectations." He began to casually put his clothes back on but I could see the conflict on his face.

"I'm sorry. I didn't mean to spoil the moment."

He put his hands on my face and kissed me gently. "You didn't. Maybe I shouldn't have pursued you knowing...what I know about myself."

"What do you know?"

He took a deep breath. "I know I wanted you as much as I have ever wanted a woman."

I wanted him to stop right there. Don't say anything else, please. Let me live on that.

"I also know my limits. Respect them and we can enjoy one another...we can enjoy this for what it is."

"I can't respect your limits if I don't know what they are." I sounded whiny.

"I've told you. No expectations. No analysis. Don't make it hard when it should be so easy."

"Maybe I'm the one who should have thought about my limits."

"Perhaps you should have. But, considering what just happened here--and it was extraordinary--aren't you willing to take what I have to offer?"

"And what is that?" Petulance joined 'needy' and 'whiny' on my list of sins.

"Apart from the mind-blowing pleasure? Pleasure that will only get better and better? Have you considered the fun we could have? I can take you anywhere. I can provide you with any material thing you could desire; any experience you ever imagined and wanted to try."

"That's not what I want from you."

"It's what I have to give." He opened his hands, offering them to me. I felt compelled to take them in my own. He pulled me into his arms and held me tight for a moment. Then he put me at arm's length and looked my still naked body over from head to toe. He shook his head and breathed deeply. "Your body is stunning. I wish I could keep you naked forever."

He picked up my clothes and handed them to me. "Unfortunately, we're in Brian's loft and there's a party in full swing downstairs. Get dressed and let's go give them something to talk about."

Seven

Tristan wasn't exaggerating when he said we'd give 'them' something to talk about. By the end of Brian's party it was obvious to all in attendance that we had something going on. If coming down the spiral staircase together after a long absence from the group wasn't enough, his proprietary body language told the tale.

I only wish that I could have captured the look on Suze and Nicky's faces as they watched Tristan bring me a drink, guide me with a hand at the small of my back, stand behind me with an arm around my waist and whisper in my ear...there were a dozen little things he did that night that said 'mine'. I ate it up, I admit that much. Never mind the questions I might never get answers to. Tristan was claiming me publicly and that mattered more than anything to me at that moment.

The men's reactions weren't nearly as amusing--or satisfying--as the women's. In fact, other than Tom, there didn't seem to be much of a reaction at all. I don't know why I expected any but there had been some innocent flirtation going on with all of them from the beginning. It was a natural by-product of being the lone female in a group of six males.

I had a newly acquired appreciation for my desirability. After all, if Tristan King wanted me I had to at least be in league with Blondie and Blondie. Maybe I expected the other guys to express some regret that they hadn't won the prize.

Thankfully Tom had the sense and enough concern to pull me down from the clouds. He sidled up to me when Tristan stepped up to the piano to sing "Some Enchanted Evening". I was spellbound by his talent and the way he seemed to have chosen the song just for me. I couldn't take my eyes from him as he sang. But Tom managed to wrest at least one ear away.

"I hope you know what you're doing, Raina."

"I think I do."

"Tristan's a playboy and a user. I think the world of his talent and admire his success but I'd jerk any daughter of mine up short if she ever gave him a second glance."

"I'm not your daughter, Tom," I shot back and then softened. "I appreciate the warning. But, has it occurred to you that maybe I'm using him?"

"You don't strike me as the type," he said, a little sadly. "In fact you don't strike me as his type."

I looked at Suze's perfectly manicured hands plunking away at the keyboard. She had several tasteful, elegant and expensive rings on as well as a diamond bracelet. And that was her casual jewelry. Nicky leaned over the side of the baby grand opposite Tristan and beamed a model-white perfect smile at him. I suddenly felt my slightly large front teeth grow to beaver-like proportions.

Tristan sang out the last line of the song: "Once you have found her, never let her gooooooo." He swept his hand toward me and held my eyes. It was corny, it was theatrical and it made me feel like queen of the world. His audience applauded enthusiastically and he took an exaggerated bow before returning to my side.

The party wound down quickly after Suze closed the lid on the baby grand. Tristan and I walked back to our cars in the theater parking lot. It was a beautiful moonless night and the stars were brilliant in the warm night sky. He led me over to my car.

"Don't you think it's time you had a new 'Eep'?"

I laughed at how observant he was. The 'J' had fallen off the word 'Jeep' on the rear door many months before. It wasn't worth trying to replace it. Jenn and I often joked about riding in my 'Eep'.

"I'm kind of attached to my old Eep. Besides, when summer is over and I go back to New York I won't really need a car." I ran a hand fondly over the oxidized red paint on the driver's side door. "This has been a good vehicle. She's never let me down."

"Well, I think she deserves to be put out to pasture. Let me get you a new car."

"Tristan, you're crazy. I wouldn't accept a new car from you. I don't need one and I certainly wouldn't be able to explain something like that to my parents."

"You could tell them a wealthy patron of the arts appreciated your brilliant assistance with his acting over the summer and gave it to you. That would be pretty much the truth."

"No, it wouldn't. Please drop it. It makes me uncomfortable."

"Very well, little one. I'll drop it for now." He brought me into his arms and kissed me long enough and deeply enough to make me try to get as much of my body against him as possible. There wasn't a quarter inch of space between us and I could feel his crotch coming alive against my lower belly. It was all so new that it spun my head. Here I was, standing in a parking lot kissing this gorgeous, sexy and fabulously wealthy man. A man I wouldn't allow to buy me a new car. I giggled at the absurdity of it all.

Tristan gave me a puzzled look. "That wasn't the reaction I expected when I kissed you."

"I'm sorry. I guess there's a surreal quality about me standing here with you that just struck me as ...I don't know...a little on the bizarre side." I got on my tiptoes and kissed his cheek. "Thanks for tonight, it was...you were fantastic."

"We were fantastic. But we're both tired so I guess it's time to say adieu for tonight." He opened the car door for me. "I'll follow you home."

"It's hardly necessary. I only live a few blocks from here."

"Please don't argue with me Raina. I said I'll see you home."

It was one of those moments that should have come up as a red flag, or at least a yellow one. Instead, it was the first of many times that I would simply accept his terms because the alternative wasn't important enough to me to warrant my dissent. A little thing, after all. Only a little thing.

***

He watched me go up the path and get my key in the lock. It wasn't until he saw that I had the door open that he waved and drove off. I switched on the hall light and had just put my purse and keys on the table next to the door when the phone rang. It was my mother's number. I felt a wave of guilt because I hadn't called her in a couple of weeks. That was followed by the grip of cold fear as I realized my mother was calling me at nearly one in the morning.

"Mom?"

"Raina, sweetheart."

"What's up, Mom?" I tried to keep steady. My mother never, ever called this late.

"I waited to call you until I knew everything was going to be all right. But I'm sure it's going to make the news, so I wanted to warn you. Your dad got into it today with some union thugs. He was hurt."

"Daddy? Where is he? I want to talk to him."

"He's still in the hospital. But the doctors will send him home in a couple of days. He's fine, really. A few stitches and a broken rib or two." Her voice shook even though she was trying to put a brave front on for me. "It was a scuffle over the courthouse building. Some of the workers still aren't satisfied with the contract terms."

"So it got ugly again." My father's firm was one of the biggest contractors in Brooklyn. But Dad wasn't a big supporter of unions. He did all that he could to see that the city struck a hard bargain. Sometimes it seemed he was the only one concerned with the people who ultimately paid the bills--taxpayers like him. I had been frustrated more than once with what I saw as my father's refusal to just do his job and mind his own business. If the unions wanted the city to buy a fifty-dollar hinge where a ten-dollar one would do and the city didn't mind, then why should my Dad?

"It's like this Angelcakes,' he'd tell me."It's 'cause me, and Bob and Vito and all the rest of our neighbors here are the ones who eat all that padding. Frankly, I'd rather have steak."

I told Mom I'd drive home that instant.

"Don't you dare," she ordered. "It is way too late for that. You don't need to come. He'll be out Wednesday at the latest. You can talk to him tomorrow." I knew my mother too well to buy her story. Okay, maybe it was too late to drive to New York, but with both my sisters on the West Coast, I was the only child available for moral support. She was frightened, and with good reason. We'd had bricks thrown through our living room window and phone threats before. Until Dad was home, she'd be scared shitless. Not that I could do much, but I could be company.

"I'll leave at the ass-crack of dawn, Mom."

"Raina, your language."

I laughed hard at that one. "Mom, I am Donald Harding's daughter. 'Ass-crack' doesn't even merit honorable mention on Dad's list of cuss words."

"You're also my daughter..."

"I love you, Mom. See ya tomorrow."

"I love you too, sweetie, but you really don't have to..."

"Bye, Mom."

"Bye."

Eight

I got up before the sun and threw some jeans and t-shirts into a bag. I was on my way before the sky had a trace of light in it. I realized, an hour out of Stockbridge, that I didn't have the cast list with me so I couldn't have called Tristan if I wanted to. Maybe that was just as well. If I was going to do this 'thing' with him on his terms, calling him with a family crisis was probably not a good move.

I had the theater's number in my phone and I left a message for Tom that I'd have to miss two, maybe three night's rehearsal on account of a family situation. When I thought Jenn would be up, I intended to call her and see if she could pinch hit for me at least one of those nights. I told Tom to give me a call when he got the message and I'd explain. I decided I would leave it up to Tom to explain--if anyone was interested--why I was missing.

The ride was quiet and gave me time to give a great deal of thought to Tristan. Much as I was curious about the circumstances of Elsa's death, maybe it was none of my business. But, being brutally honest with myself, it wasn't her death that was eating me alive. It was the fact that Tristan had loved her enough for 'expectations'. He had loved her enough to expect a lifetime spent by her side. To expect a family, a life, friends, homes, travel--all the things that couples do. He had planned with her and dreamed with her. Irrational though it was, I was jealous of a dead woman. The only woman, apparently, who ever earned the right to expect anything out of Tristan King.

I managed to hit the Upper West Side by seven-thirty thanks to my early start. I avoided the worst of rush hour and was home by just a little after eight. I got the Eep squeezed into a parking spot in front of the Caperelli's house and walked the few yards to our stoop. Mom was waiting at our open door.

It was so great to hug my strong, beautiful mother. After the emotional upheaval of the past few weeks, I found her more comforting than ever. My parents are solid and everlasting--a constant reminder of goodness and love in the world. They are not complicated or mysterious; they're the kind of blessing every child should know. I embraced my mother with gratitude just as I always did when I returned home from time in the Berkshires.

Mom and Dad had always understood that Jenn and I worked the Berkshires because it was a good way to make great pay in a pretty setting not too far from home. New York City is not a place with abundant summer jobs. The Berkshire Hills offered us jobs in the arts and recreation that we couldn't match anywhere else. But we were always aware that the area belonged to people like Suze and Nicky, Brian and Cole, and yes, Tristan. It was always a good thing to come home to a place where we didn't feel like strangers.

Mom and I had a cup of coffee on the stoop and watched the neighborhood bustle alive with kids on their way to school, people scurrying off to work and shop. Mrs. Caperelli came over with a coffee cake from the bakery and we went inside to share it. Mom gave her an update on Dad. He'd called at seven to complain about being cooped up in a hospital and to tell her that the nurses were all angels. He said the meals weren't as bad as people always say they are, but to bring an Italian sub from Delmonico's Deli when she came. Mrs. C would make sure the report was properly 'distributed' through the neighborhood.

My Dad was sitting up in bed watching the news when we got to his room.

"Daddy!" I hugged him gently, trying not to move him too much. He had his left arm in a sling and I could see the bandages around his rib cage. There was a cut above his right eye held together with stitches. I hated to see him like that.

"What are you doing here, Angelcakes? Marjorie, I'm fine. Why did you call Raina?"

"Mom called to keep me from worrying when I saw you getting beat up on the news. She didn't ask me to come, in fact she told me not to. But I wanted to be here."

"Well you're a sweetheart and I'm always glad to have my little girl home."

"I wish it was different circumstances. Dad, you need to stay out of these messes. You're getting older..." It frightened me to think of how many close calls he'd had over the years.

At that he laughed harder that he should have until his ribcage stopped him. But he was still grinning when he threatened to put me over his knee and show me just how old and weak he was.

"Daddy, you've never laid a hand on me, so I would have nothing to compare it to."

We talked most of the morning away and shared the Italian sub plus his hospital lunch among the three of us. He was right, the hospital lunch wasn't half bad. After lunch, I left them to nap a little--he in his bed and she in the recliner next to it. I watched them doze off together just as they did most Saturdays and Sundays after lunch.

I wondered if Tristan would ever get to that point with...well, with anyone. Did he and Elsa take a half-time nap during Sunday football like my sister Amy and her husband Phil? Or did he and Elsa nod off poolside after a two-Mimosa brunch like Olivia and Ben?

Try as I might, I couldn't stop wishing that somehow, some way I would take a cozy nap beside Tristan someday. I knew there'd be more sex. I knew I hadn't begun to experience the kinds of intimate pleasures his body could bring to mine. He would fuck me, suck me, take me this way and that. And it thrilled me to think of it, it really did. But at that moment, in that hospital room, the intimacy I really longed for was dozing beside him in the quiet peace of of a lazy afternoon.

***

I took a walk around a nearby park and let my parents rest. I took out my tablet reader and thumbed through a couple of magazines. I watched young parents strolling their children along the walkways, people taking their dogs out for a mid-afternoon pee and vendors wrapping up their lunchtime shift. They rolled their carts with hot dogs, pretzels and sodas toward wherever it is that food carts go to sleep at night.

I went back to the hospital and spent another hour or so with Dad and then Mom and I called it a day. I was tired from the early start that morning. I had acclimated myself to late nights and sleeping in. Getting up at dawn, combined with my worry about my parents had worn me out.

Mom and I picked up take-out Chinese and I was sound asleep in my room by eight-thirty.

"Raina, Jenn's on the phone." My mother called me downstairs the next morning and handed me her phone.

"Hey Jenn, why are you calling on Mom's phone?"

"Raina, I have been trying to call you since about ten last night!" Jenn sounded frazzled and frustrated.

I went over to my purse where my forgotten phone, now dead, lay at the bottom. "Sorry Jenn, I was so tired I left my phone in my purse and it went dead. I don't even think I brought the charger. Damn."

"Raina, Tristan King showed up here last night. He said he had been phoning the number Tom gave him all through rehearsal. He seemed kinda frantic. He wanted to know how to find you and thought maybe I had another phone number."

"You could have given him Mom's number." Tristan...frantic because he couldn't get in touch with me? Yessss!

"I didn't know if that would be okay, so I told him I would get in touch with you myself through your Mom's phone this morning. I told him I had talked to you earlier and that everything seemed fine."

"If you don't mind, go ahead and call him and give him Mom's phone."

"Sure thing, Rains. How's your Dad?"

"Beat up, but fine. He's too tough to let a few thugs get him down."

"Keep me posted. I've gotta go to work now. I'll call Tristan right after I get off the phone."

"Thanks, Jenn. Talk to you soon."

Not two minutes later, Mom's phone rang again. She handed it to me.

"Raina," I heard Tristan say in a very serious sounding voice. "Tell me what's going on. Tom only mentioned you had a family emergency. I wish you had thought to call me."

"I didn't think I should involve you. I didn't want to assume...expect anything."

"We'll talk about how wrong you are to throw that at me later. Please fill me in."

I walked out of earshot of Mom and told him everything. About Dad and the unions, about the threats, the bricks and my father's continued defiance of men far more powerful and ruthless than he would ever be. I told him because I wanted someone to lean on. I wanted to know that someone as powerful as Tristan was on my side. He didn't disappoint me.

By ten in the morning, Tristan was having coffee with Mom and I. He'd taken a helicopter from the Hills. Kwan came with him and was sitting outside on the stoop with a newspaper. He was doing his best to appear casual.

My mother was smitten by Tristan's movie-star good looks as I knew she would be. The charm he turned on full blast for Marjorie Harding didn't hurt, either. The sharp-edged side of Tristan that I had glimpsed more than once was utterly missing from the solicitous, gentle persona he showed to my mother. He drew a lot more information out of her than I had ever been able to. I was surprised at just how serious the situation had become in the four years I had been an occasional presence in my parent's house.

"Mrs. Harding, before I arrived, I had my research team get as much background as they could on the thugs who attacked your husband. They aren't just ordinary working men looking for a fair shake. These men are dangerous and your situation is serious."

"Tristan, you're scaring Mom." I was alarmed at how pale my mother had become as she listened to hm.

"There's every reason for her to be scared. And you, too." He turned back to my mother. "I've taken the liberty of getting you and Raina a couple of rooms at a hotel for at least for the night. I'm going to need some time to properly address your situation at the right levels."

"Is that really necessary?" Mom wasn't used to anyone simply stepping in and taking control. She and Dad had a pretty democratic relationship.

"I'm sorry if it sounds like I am an alarmist, but why take the chance? The fact that I had no trouble persuading the police chief to station a guard outside Mr. Harding's room leads me to believe I'm more right than wrong about the situation."

Mom looked like she was about to cry. I took her hand. "Mom, try not to worry. Dad's going to be just fine. Maybe with Tristan's help we can stop this once and for all."

She sniffed her agreement. "I can't thank you enough, Tristan. I'll just go up and throw a few things in a bag and I'll be ready to go." She hesitated at the foot of the stairs. "Do you think we could at least stop by and see Don before we go to the hotel?"

"Of course." Tristan came over to me and gathered me in his arms. "Jesus, Raina."

"Thanks for coming, Tristan. I didn't realize the situation had gotten this bad. You know, I've been away most of the last four years."

"I know. Right now I have to go and meet some people. There's a lot more to this than a couple of roughnecks angling for a brawl. I intend to get to the bottom of it."

"Don't put yourself at risk, too." I didn't like the thought of Tristan ruffling other powerful feathers.

"There are risks getting out of bed in the morning." He ruffled my hair. "Kwan will see you settled in and he'll...be around. Try to enjoy the hotel." And with that he was out the door.

Nine

We were hidden in plain sight. The night at in Brian's loft, Tristan had offered me "any experience you ever imagined and wanted to try". Without knowing it, he had chosen something I'd longed to do for as long as I could remember--stay at The Plaza.

Mom and I were whisked through the lobby and up to an unimaginably lush suite looking out over Central Park. There were two bedrooms--one upstairs and one down, a dining room, living room, butler's pantry and three bathrooms. It was as big as my parent's house in Park Slope and a lot prettier. My mother was speechless. By now it was nearly lunch time. The events of the morning had given me a huge appetite and I suggested to Mom that we go find somewhere to eat.

"Or, would you rather eat in the room?" I looked at the ornate dining set and giggled. "I'd almost be afraid to eat at that table."

Mom got up to answer a knock at the door. The floor butler who had escorted us from the elevator to our suite had a rolling cart with several serving platters covered with silver domes.

"Mr. King thought you might be hungry. He sent this selection for you."

"He certainly thinks of everything, doesn't he?" asked my mother.

I didn't answer her. I was too busy salivating over the array of goodies the butler was putting on the dining table. There must have been twenty-five different items. Little bowls of different salads, cheeses, cold meats, olives, flatbreads and rolls were all laid out in perfect presentation. We sat down to a feast complete with some crisp and fruity white wine that seemed to go with every bite.

My mother isn't speechless often and when she is it doesn't last long. I knew I'd face the twenty questions sooner or later.

"How did you meet Tristan?" "Have you known him long?" "What does he do?" (Always a personal favorite of mine.) "Where is he from?" And the ultimate, ever uncomfortable, never truly answerable, "Is it serious?"

"No it isn't serious, Mom. He's got issues...I'd rather not get into it."

"Like what?"

"Did you not just hear what I said? Tristan has set some very clear limits on what kind of 'relationship' he will and won't have."

"Oh? Don't you get a say in it?"

"Not if I want to continue to see him."

"I see."

"I'm glad you see because I am utterly confused."

"Well he seems a very nice young man. He's successful, handsome and obviously," she swept her hand around the room, "cares a great deal about your well-being."

"Mother, I'm not sure Tristan is capable of caring in the way you and I would define it. But, yes, he has been very kind and generous. He's gone out of his way to take control of our problem."

"Do I detect a note of uncertainty?"

"I'm not sure I'm comfortable with the way he swept into our circumstance and made it his."

"I think you should be flattered. A lot of men would have wanted nothing to do with it. And Raina?"

"Yeah, Mom?"

"There are still some men left in the world who aren't all about expressing their every feeling. You young girls want to turn all your men into females in male bodies. There's something left to be said for men who aren't as 'sensitive' as women seem to demand today."

"Well you don't have to worry about Tristan being sensitive or overly expressive. He's much more what I think your generation defined as 'a man's man'."

"Your father's a 'man's man' and he's been the best husband a woman could ask for," Mom said with a touch of defensiveness.

"Don't go off, Mom. Daddy hung the moon for me and you know it. Maybe that's part of what attracted me to Tristan in the first place. He is utterly masculine."

"Well he shares that with your father, along with breath-taking good looks and a fortune bigger than many small countries."

We both laughed over that. My father is a craggy man who'd never win a beauty contest and whatever material worth he has was hard won, inch by inch.

"Is it okay if we explore the hotel? It looks like there's a lot more here than there was twenty years ago. I think it's been that long since I was inside the Plaza."

"Sure, let's take the tour."

***

Mom and I walked the entire huge first floor of The Plaza. There was a gourmet food court that sucked us in right away, even though we had just finished a huge lunch. The shops were elegant and the decor everywhere was stunning. Kwan kept a low profile but was never far. If Mom noticed him, she never mentioned it. I wasn't sure whether it made me feel safe or creeped me out to have him shadow us like that.

Around three-thirty, Mom wanted to go back to the room and phone Dad before she took a little rest. As soon as we got into the room, her cell phone rang. She fished it out of the suitcase she calls a purse and answered.

"Why, hello Tristan!"

I still had a dead phone, so it was logical for him to call Mom. My body instantly reacted to knowing he was on the end of that connection. All my nerves stood at attention and I could almost imagine an order for "increase blood supply to sex organs!" going out from the command center in my brain.

"That's very kind of you, but I am really quite exhausted. I have my eye on that marvelous deep tub in the master bath. Really, this suite is fit for royalty." He said something that made my mother giggle like a sixteen year old. "Well, you're sweet to say that."

"Of course, I'll be fine. My daughter probably deserves a break from me, anyway." Mom looked over at me and smiled. "You best make it pizza or burgers, though. That child's brought nothing to wear but her usual uniform."

At that, I scowled at her and held my hand out for the phone. "Here's Raina, then. Nice talking with you, too."

"Hi Tristan."

"Hi Raina. I wanted to take you and your mother to dinner tonight, but she...well, you heard."

"She's been good all day, but I know the worry and the stress has to be catching up with her."

"I understand. Would you be comfortable leaving her at the hotel and having dinner with me.? I'm sure she'll be quite safe."

"I'd love to. She's right about the jeans and T-shirt, though. We'll have to make it casual."

"The only casual I like is what I do at home. There are too many great restaurants around The Plaza to miss the opportunity for a spectacular meal. I'll cook you the best pizza you ever ate in my clay oven when we get back to the hills."

I reluctantly offered to grab something to wear at Bloomingdale's or Macy's but my heart sunk at the prospect of what it was going to cost me. I should have known better.

"Nonsense. You're only a couple blocks from Bergdoff's. Kwan will take you there and take care of anything you need. I've never seen you dressed up. Surprise me."

"But..."

"You have plenty of time and they're sure to have something you'll like."

"But..."

"Raina, you're repeating yourself. Is it so much to ask that you have a proper dinner with me? Humor me."

I felt guilty and ungrateful then. "Of course, Tristan. What time?"

"I'll come for you at seven-thirty. I'd like to say hello to your mother before we go out."

"She'd like that."

"Try to enjoy the shopping. Many women would love to have carte blanche at Bergdoffs."

I was tempted to say that I was sure 'many would' but I bit my tongue. "I'll see you at seven-thirty then."

"Very good then. Bye."

Half an hour later, I was sitting in a salon with a woman who was trotting back and forth to some unseen room to fetch dresses for me. Kwan had escorted me past racks and racks of beautiful clothes and into a back room with a couch, a triple mirror and the breathless woman who introduced herself as Ms. Summerland. After I had refused champagne, wine, coffee and tea, a tray with some designer water appeared on the table beside me.

She asked me about my 'tastes'. I'm quite sure that by the time the first three sentences were out of my mouth she realized that I had no 'taste' at least not the kind she could use for guidance. I told her I liked bright colors and black and white but that I wasn't big on earth tones. She asked me which designers I favored. I shrugged. Kwan stood by the door and wore the same expression he always wore--unreadable.

When she was gone I looked over at the non-committal Kwan. "Look, Kwan," I began. "I get the feeling you don't like me much, but I could really use some help here. I don't know anything about clothes like this or what Tristan would expect. Can you at least nod if something looks good to you and shake your head if it's horrible?"

I think that was the first real smile I ever saw the little Asian guy give. "I think I can help you out."

"And don't set me up, okay? Don't choose something awful on purpose. Please."

"I wouldn't do that to you, Miss Raina."

I believed him. Something in his attitude had changed. Maybe it was my mother, our life, the way our family was together. I was grateful for the ally.

In the end, I found a very chic, almost vintage looking dress that had small cap sleeves, a small stand up collar and a slit up the right side to the mid thigh. It was poppy red with black buttons across one shoulder. It fit beautifully, hugging my curves and accentuating my small waist.

"How about this one? I like this best of all I've seen." I twirled around in front of Kwan who grinned at me.

"It is very reminiscent of a cheongsam. That's a traditional Chinese dress. I love it. It's classy, but the red is out there. Good choice."

"Okay, the red one it is. Thanks for your help, Kwan."

"There's one thing..."

"What's that?"

"You can't get away with that...underwear. You've got all kinds of lines."

By the time Tristan picked me up for dinner my outfit consisted of the red dress, a sleek and seamless black bustier with matching satin thong, thigh high black hose and a pair of Christian Louboutin black pumps whose red soles were perfectly matched to the red of the dress. Kwan insisted I have the matching black clutch as well. "Tristan has a penchant for small details, so you might as well get the whole look right." We found some earrings in the 'costume jewelry' department at Bergdoffs that looked great--big black enamel buttons with a Chinese symbol inlaid in red crystals. The earrings were the only part of the ensemble that I had managed to find a price tag on.

"Holy shit, Kwan, these earrings are $424.00! And they aren't even real!"

"You're right, they're dime store crap, but Tristan will understand. You had to have something to wear in your ears."

"Kwan...?" He gave me a look that said "go on". "You're awfully good at this. Does Tristan pull this Pretty Woman act frequently?"

"Frankly, I've only known him to do it once before...a long time ago."

Elsa. Should I find that a good thing or a bad thing?

"The women Tristan usually dates can afford to dress themselves in style. They're after a lot more than a cocktail dress and a couple grand in shoes." He smiled at the shock on my face as I clutched the shoe bag a little tighter. "Besides, Raina, no one's got better taste than a gay man. If anyone can help a pretty woman look her best, I can--if I want to."

"You're..."

"Yes, I am one tough mutha of a body guard for an alpha guy who hasn't got a gay bone in his body. It works for us. Someday I'll tell you all about how we met but right now, I think you need to start primping." He ushered me into my suite and by the time Tristan rang the bell I looked like I belonged at The Plaza getting ready to have dinner at Le Bernardin with a billionaire.

Ten

I wish I could say I remembered every detail of that meal, every moment of the evening, but I can't.

A man like Tristan takes control of more than a 'situation'. I'd been able to keep my mind occupied during the day with the whole dilemma facing my parents, with the dazzling experience of the great Plaza hotel, with the details of my outfit for the night and shopping with Kwan--but it was only because Tristan wasn't actually with me in the flesh. He had lurked at the fringes of my psyche, ever an influence, orchestrating the movement of my hours. But without his physical presence, I retained a sense of myself that seemed to evaporate once I could see Tristan, smell Tristan and feel the warmth of Tristan's hand on mine.

I couldn't watch him eat without remembering what it was like to kiss that mouth. Or how that mouth felt on my breasts and how much I wanted to feel the pull of those lips on the lips between my thighs.

We sat side by side in a banquette where the tablecloth curtained our laps. He ran his long fingers up to the top of the slit in my dress and teased at the lace on the thigh highs. One elegant finger trailed the line where my legs met my body. I could feel my clit tighten every time he came anywhere within range. My nipples remained pretty much in a constant state of alert when he was near me.

I flipped off a pump and teased the back of his leg with my stocking clad toes. He fiddled with tendrils of my hair at the back of my neck. He kissed my cheek; I touched his hand. There was much 'gazing into' of eyes. To anyone observing us, it was obvious that we were lovers.

There was something completely thrilling about realizing that we were sitting in public and Tristan was claiming me for all to see. It was the same kind of rush I got from his attention at Brian's party. A 'look at me and look who wants me!' kind of buzz. It had me grinning all over on the inside.

I tried to concentrate on the important things Tristan was telling me throughout dinner. As concerned as I was for my parents' safety, you would think it wouldn't have been such an effort. But it was.

I finally had to ask him not to touch me. "Tristan, I can't think about what you're saying when you're stroking my neck like that."

"I'm sorry. I can't keep my hands off of you. Be glad we're in this restaurant or I might never be able to give you a report on what I've accomplished today."

"Please, I need to hear it. Tell me."

He told me that he had hired a crack private investigator to look into exactly who the thugs were who assaulted my father and that he'd found an inside operative in the union who would be able to give him a better picture of exactly what was going on.

"I'll know more in a day or so. But I do think that until we can get to the bottom of it, your parents are better off away from their house."

"You're going to have a hard time convincing Dad that he shouldn't recuperate in his own bed. I know my father."

"And I know that the safety of the woman you love is more important than comfort or habit." He made this statement so solemnly that I knew he was referring to more than just my parents. The lost look in his eyes also betrayed him.

I knew he was thinking about Elsa. It took all my will not to try to steer the conversation toward dangerous ground. I can be my own worst enemy when it comes to things like that.

Thankfully, dessert came and I stuffed my mouth with a delicious tarte tatin instead of my foot.

***

Both of us knew how the night would end. With the exception of our brief conversation about my parents, the whole evening was one long seduction. The food was indescribably good and not nearly as pretentious as I had imagined it would be. Our conversation, while hardly deep, had a new familiarity about it. We talked about safe, unthreatening subjects--tastes in music and books, favorite pastimes, what his work was like, what kind of job I hoped to find when summer was over. We laughed about the Little Theater and heaped praise on the playwright for his brilliant work.

Finally we stood at the door to the suite at the Plaza. My mother was long asleep upstairs in the master bedroom.

Tristan pulled me into his arms and kissed me long and hard. "Are you sure Marjorie is asleep?"

I nodded. "She even said she was going to take something to keep her from waking up in the middle of the night. I'm sure we won't be disturbed." I slid the keycard through the slot. As I pushed the door open, Tristan leaned in from behind me and whispered in my ear.

"That's very good. Because I am so ready to fuck you in a real bed." He pulled me back against him and pressed his already erect cock into the small of my back. He moved my hips with his hands against his body for emphasis.

We went straight to my bedroom. The curtains had been closed and the covers were turned down on one side.

"That looks inviting," I said as I slipped out of my shoes and carefully put them under the side table. Even in the throes of lust, I was not about to treat my new Louboutin heels with anything but respect.

"Let me undress the rest of you." Tristan was at my side sliding the zipper down the back of my red dress, letting it slip to the floor. He gave a low, slow wolf whistle when he saw the bustier, thong and lace top stockings I had worn under the dress. "I'm going to have to insist you put those heels back on, just for a few moments."

I did what he told me to and returned to stand in front of him. He had removed his jacket and tie and I started to unbutton his shirt. It seemed like months had passed since I last saw his gorgeous body naked, even though I knew it had only been a matter of days.

As soon as I had his shirt open enough, I tangled my fingers in the soft waves of his golden chest hair. Then I nuzzled the spot with my nose, breathing in the intoxicating scent of his flesh. The man smelled better than any human being I'd ever smelled. Of all the subtle cues that go into one person's attraction for another, I've always felt the sense of smell the most complex and the least understood. I couldn't say what Tristan smelled like, only that he smelled completely right.

He reached for the top of my bustier and folded the cups down so that my breasts were exposed; cradled with crescents of black satin under them. My nipples flushed dark and strained away from my body in the tightness of blissful anticipation. He leaned over and took one into his mouth while he twisted the other in his fingers. He murmured "my perfect, perfect girls" as he pressed them together, burying his face between them.

Every time he sucked on a nipple, I could feel a tug all the way down in my clit. It was like a wire or a string ran between one spot and the other. He rose as I slipped his shirt off of his broad shoulders and trailed my wet nipples over his silky-haired chest. Kisses across my collar bones were followed by little nibbles and licks right at the fold of my arm. I shuddered when he held my arms above my head with one hand and traced the sensitive skin from the inside of my elbow to my armpit with the soft pads of his fingers.

All I could feel was Tristan. My world narrowed swiftly to that room, that moment, that man. I think an earthquake or hurricane could have gone unnoticed when his thumbs hooked the strings at my hips and pushed my tiny thong to the floor. I could feel the slickness of hot moisture snake unimpeded down my thighs. He backed me toward the bed, his mouth hard against mine and his fingers playing at the folded wet petals of my sex.

I sat on the edge of the bed and watched him free his rock hard erection from his pants as he removed the last of his clothes. He kneeled in front of me and pushed me back against the bed as he put his body between my legs. He took one of my legs and crooked my knee over his shoulder. He pulled the other knee up onto the mattress so that I was spread open wide. I felt vulnerable but utterly desirable at the same time. The red sole of the black shoe that pointed at him suddenly became a thousand times sexier. He turned his head and nibbled at the knee across his shoulder while his thumb massaged my clit with that masterful touch I could never forget. His mouth took an agonizing eternity to trail down the inside of my thigh.

"What do you want, Raina?"

"You."

"Not enough. Tell me what you want me to do."

I hesitated.

"They're just words. Tell me. Say the words."

I'd never asked for anything like that. Not the way I knew he wanted me to ask. "I want...I want you to suck on me. Take me with your mouth. Eat me." God, it felt sexy and naughty and erotic to say something like that to him. My desire shifted like a fine, smooth engine up another gear.

He smiled and inclined his head just a tiny bit. "My queen." Then he brought his mouth between my legs. First I felt the warmth of his breath and I knew he was inhaling my scent. His tongue flicked a few tantalizing strokes against my clit before he sucked my pussy lips into his mouth, one after the other. He took the width of his tongue and spread it over my folds from bottom to top before he finally turned his attention to my erection that was practically screaming to be relieved.

Pulling me into his mouth, he held my throbbing pearl between his lips while his tongue worked back and forth against it. I looped my hand around the knee resting on the bed and pulled my leg to open still wider to his touch. The pleasure took my breath away, the intimacy struck deep inside my core.

With two fingers inside me, he worked inside me while his oh-so-talented mouth moved my clit in ever faster, ever harder circles of building lust. The urgency of orgasm soon had me bucking back against his mouth. There was a part of me that was afraid to let go. He must have sensed it because he gripped my ass with his free hand and began to push me into his face, harder. All the while he was making noises into me...noises of encouragement, growls of arousal, humming sounds of appreciation.

"Oh fuck, Tristan. That's it...oh don't stop." I was there. The room narrowed like an old-fashioned movie into a small circle of focus in the middle of a frame. There was nothing but Tristan's face buried in my body just as I had imagined the day we met. Only my imagination and my rabbit were a pale, pale imitation of the real Tristan.

I pressed my head into the bed and clutched his head with one hand an a handful of sheet with the other. When the first contraction tightened me around his hand he plunged his fingers deeper into me and pulled hard on my clit literally sucking my climax into his mouth. I came from deep inside me, down to the bone baring soul of my desire. I sobbed at the utter perfection of it--the unbearable beauty of pleasure I had never known was possible.

Tristan didn't give me time to bask in any afterglow this time. He turned me over onto my stomach while I was still heaving with the breathlessness of orgasm. He put his arm under my hips and lifted me up so that my knees rested against the edge of the mattress. I was ass in the air and he was going to take me from behind.

"I wish you could see how fucking delicious your ass looks this way." Tristan slapped me, not gently, on my ass cheeks. I cried out more from the surprise than the pain. "I'm going to take your ass hard someday. Would you like that?"

Never having been taken in the ass, I didn't know. It sounded fantastically sexy and possibly extremely painful.

He slapped my ass again, this time a little harder. "I asked you whether you'd like to be fucked in the ass?"

"I want to give you my body," I answered. "Whatever way you want to have it." He slid the warm head of his cock up and down the wet folds of my pussy and stopped at my asshole. He pressed against me and I had the urge to press back at him and find out what it felt like to be penetrated there.

But then Tristan entered my pussy with a huge thrust that nearly knocked me flat. He held fast to my hips and pumped himself into me with urgent, selfish strokes. It was as if he couldn't hold himself back. I didn't want him to. I wanted him to take me with the brutal force of his most primal need. His desire fed and sustained me. With each thrust, I could feel him bump against the mouth of my womb. He could go no deeper.

He slowed for a moment and his rhythm grew gentle and sensuous. I felt a finger tracing around my sphincter, trailing down to borrow some of the wetness from my dripping sex. Then I felt him stretch that tight muscle until it yielded. Once his finger was inside my ass, his pace quickened again and my body matched his.

It felt wicked and forbidden to have him inside me in two places at once. The sensation of having my ass penetrated for the first time was a completely unexpected thrill. It was a unique intimacy. It made me happier than I could have imagined to be taken in such a way by Tristan--only by Tristan.

"Rub you clit," he ordered. His smooth silky voice had a husky edge I'd never heard before. "I want you to come with me. Oh god...soon."

His words, the sounds of his flesh smacking against mine and the slurp of wet pussy against rock-hard cock made the music of desire fill the room. I pushed myself to orgasm with fast, hard strokes that blended with his urgent thumping into my body.

I heard the noises of his crescendo and felt myself reach the peak. He twitched inside me, pouring his spunk into me with great grunting explosions as my muscles massaged him from within. I could feel my ass contracting around his finger and I knew he could feel it too. I matched each spasm with a cry of pure, unbound pleasure until, spent, he collapsed against my back and I flattened against the rumpled bed.

His weight felt glorious against me. I had the whole man on me and in me. I was complete and completely his. Tristan kept murmuring my name over and over as he gulped deep breaths of contented release against my hair.

When he finally rolled away from me, I mewed a small protest. I hated for it to end.

He patted my ass gently. "You are amazing. The most responsive, giving lover anyone could ask for. God, Raina. Perfect."

I propped myself up on my elbows and leaned over his face to kiss him. "And you, my unbearably sexy Tristan, bring out the best in me."

Eleven

Tristan slipped away after I had fallen asleep in his arms, as I thought he would. Even though my mother clearly knew we were more than friends and certainly didn't imagine I was some blushing virgin, it was still bad form for us to greet her in hotel bathrobes over coffee in the morning. I felt him kiss my cheek and heard him dressing, but it seemed appropriate to pretend I didn't and let him make a graceful exit.

Mom and I were getting into the hotel thing. We ordered a room service breakfast. I had eggs Benedict with smoked salmon and Mom had hers with a crab cake. It seemed a shame to go to the dining room when we had our own private one right there in the suite.

Tristan arrived around ten and sent Mom in the car with Kwan to visit my father. We'd talked to him first thing in the morning and he was itching to get discharged as soon as possible.

As soon as she was gone, Tristan sat me down and told me what he had discovered about the attackers.

"They aren't local construction union guys. They're attached to a very secretive chapter that has ties to the mafia. They've been causing trouble everywhere they find a guy like your dad who's willing to question a forty dollar rivet or a ten dollar roofing nail."

"I wish Daddy would just stay out of it. He's got about ten years left to work...why can't he let someone else fight these battles?"

"What's done is done. Your father has earned himself a reputation as a white knight and he's got enemies both in the union ranks and in City Hall. Someone has chosen to make an example of him. Next time it might be far worse than a couple of broken ribs."

"So what do we do now?"

"I'd like to suggest that your parents get out of town. Your father's injuries are serious enough to prevent him from working for several weeks--more with the right doctor's signature."

"He'll be fighting to get back to work as soon as he can. I know my father."

"Maybe so, but when I finish telling him the whole story, I think he'll come around." Tristan paced in front of the window and a terrific view of Central Park. "He's not going to want to put Marjorie in danger and I'm pretty sure I can convince him that these hoodlums aren't above targeting your mother--or you for that matter."

"Me?"

"Not to worry little one. I'm going to keep you close to me. We'll be safe enough back in the Berkshire Hills."

By the end of the day, Tristan had not only convinced my father of the seriousness of his situation, but persuaded my parents to spend some time at his 'cabin' in Maine near Bar Harbor. He assured them they would be comfortable, safe and well out of harm's way there. Kwan was to accompany them and get them settled in. Before the sun set, Mom and Dad were on their way north and Tristan and I were getting on a helicopter that was Berkshire bound.

I wanted to stay another night in New York, enjoying a perspective on the city I grew up in that I had never seen before. But Tristan felt responsible to the play. He told me we had both made a commitment to it and that there'd be plenty of time for fun in the city later. Of course that pleased me immensely. I wanted--I craved--any indication from him that he and I were an 'us' and had a future, however vague and full of unanswered questions that future might be.

I knew things were moving fast, at least in a physical sense, but I still didn't know Tristan nearly as well as I wanted to in so many other ways. His talent amazed me, his power seduced me and his take-charge manner made me feel safe and secure. But there were his flashes of temper, the limitations he imposed on what we could discuss and the mystery of his past--both recent and distant--that frustrated me. I wondered if I was kidding myself. I questioned whether all the solicitude, the lavish way he spent money on me and on my parents and the mind-blowing sex was carefully engineered to provide an illusion of closeness where there was none.

Pushing him was going to get me nowhere, of that much I was certain. But at some point, there had to be a quiet moment unhindered by crisis or seduction when I'd be able to really know him better. He couldn't keep himself locked up forever. Could he?

***

Tom was grateful for the effort we made to get back into the rehearsals given what I'd told him about my father's injuries and the scare we'd had. Rehearsal that night was spotty, and it was pretty obvious that both Tristan and I were exhausted. By the time we wrapped up, I was ready for only one thing--a hot bath and bed. I was feeling achy all over, like I was coming down with something.

Tristan drove me home to the duplex where we said goodnight. "You look pale," he told me as he gently kissed me goodnight. "Get a good night's rest. We'll talk tomorrow."

The steamy bath nearly put me to sleep right in the tub. It was all I could do to dry my hair and stumble into bed. When I woke at three in the morning, I was drenched in sweat and obviously had a fever. My throat felt like it was on fire and every joint in my body was throbbing. I had the flu and a rotten case of it at that.

When Tristan called me the next morning, I absolutely forbade him to get within twenty feet of me. He insisted that I should have someone to look after me. It was my turn to put my foot down.

"I've had the flu before. Twice in college as a matter of fact. Just leave me alone and I promise I'll drink lots of fluids and be back on my feet in no time." I coughed and it sounded like I brought up half a lung. "You don't want this. Trust me."

Unbelievably, he accepted my wisdom and promised to check on me later in the day--by phone. "I'm talking to the PI around noon. I'll let you know what he says."

Before I put the phone back on my nightstand I called Mom in Maine. All I wanted to do was fall back into bed, but I knew I needed to talk to her first.

"I'm so sorry you're sick, honey," she said. "You probably caught something in the hospital. God knows a hospital is a great place to pick up germs."

"It's just the flu, Mom."

"Well if it feels like anything unusual, promise you'll get yourself to a doctor. You never know."

"I promise. How's the cabin?"

Mom laughed hard and called out to my father. "She wants to know how we like the 'cabin'." I could hear my father's belly laugh in the background. "The 'cabin' is an ocean side mansion that looks like it came out of some movie about historic Maine. I counted eight bedrooms last night, but I could have missed a couple. It's all done in cedar shake siding, slate roof, lots of stone. I guess it's what Architectural Digest would call 'rustic elegance'. There seems to be a fireplace in every room."

"His place here is way over the top."

"Well this house isn't. It's perfect--comfortable, homey, and down-to earth in an expensive sort of way. I'd kill for a kitchen like this. It's a cook's paradise."

"Sounds a lot more like Tristan than the French Chateau he's got here. I'd like to see it." I coughed again, so hard it made my head spin. "But not now, Mom. I gotta go back to sleep."

"Take care of yourself, sweetie. We're fine."

"K, Mom. Love you."

"Love you too."

By three in the afternoon I had been dragged from my bed four times. The drugstore delivered a vaporizer--something I hadn't seen since I was a kid--and a veritable medicine chest full of over-the-counter remedies. The deli delivered chicken soup and cookies. The florist delivered a huge bouquet of star-gazer lilies. Finally, a very large teddy bear arrived with helium balloons and a box of candy.

Tristan called at three-thirty.

"Thank you for all the thoughtful things."

"I wish I could do more."

"You've done so much already. And not just for me. Mom and Dad love the cabin."

"Great. They need to stay there. Artie, the PI called."

"And?"

"These are some freakin' dangerous characters. The word is that they want to 'make an example' of your father. It's going to take some time to figure out how to stop them."

"Maybe you should talk to the police."

"Not yet, not 'til we find out exactly who's involved and at what level."

"Tristan, I don't want you to get yourself in any kind of trouble."

"Trust me, that's not going to happen. Nobody knows I'm even involved. Artie's the one doing all the digging. I don't want anything or anybody connecting the dots."

"What do you mean?"

"I mean that when you get back to the theater I think we need to keep a low profile. These people are professional criminals. If they put a tail on you..."

"Why in heaven's name would they do that?"

"Your father has just disappeared into the dark. Who better to get him back into the light than his daughter?"

"Oh come on...do you really think?"

"I really think. And if they connect you and I it won't be too hard to find out where your parents are hiding. My house in Maine isn't exactly a state secret."

"Are you sure you aren't getting overly paranoid about this?"

"Raina, I'm going to have Kwan looking out for you. Don't be concerned if you see him hovering around. If you do see him, don't acknowledge him."

"Really, Tristan, this is ridiculous."

"It is not ridiculous. Bad men harm innocent people all the time. Bad men take lives simply because they're connected with the real object of their evil. It's called collateral damage and it's part of the game of war." It sounded like he choked. "Sometimes the best way to hurt someone is to target someone they care about. That's the easiest way to get what you want."

I had the eerie feeling we weren't just talking about my father and me. I hadn't thought about Elsa for nearly a whole day. Until I found out what had happened with her, she was going to be a shadow over us. But, yet again, this wasn't the time.

"Well, right now, no one is going to see any connections between you and me or me and anyone else. I'm down for the count. I feel like shit."

"I'm sorry. I didn't want to worry you. Get some rest and we'll talk later."

"Tell Tom and the guys I'm sorry."

"They'll understand."

***

I could hardly lift my head from my pillow for four days. Tristan kept up a steady supply of deliveries of provisions and other treats. It was far more than I could consume, but Jenn was very impressed.

"It sure is a shame you haven't got any appetite. I haven't eaten this well in years," she told me.

Tristan called twice a day, at least. He kept me posted on Artie's slow-moving process of discovery and how the play was progressing.

After Thursday night's rehearsal he told me that everyone was completely off book and the blocking was starting to move like a ballet. "Tom really is a master choreographer," he said. "There's not a static moment on stage."

He also told me that Suze had come in that night to 'pinch hit' for me in my absence. That certainly didn't make me feel any better, but it gave me a damn good reason to recover. By Sunday afternoon I felt human again. I decided to take my flu-weakened legs for a walk in the late summer sun.

I walked a short few blocks before I had to turn around, exhausted. There'd be no marathons for me any time soon. The streets were pretty empty. Kwan was reading his paper on a bench in front of the dry cleaners at the intersection near the duplex. I smiled when I saw him and he completely ignored me. A woman jogged past me toward the park and a couple of cars went by.

As soon as I got into the duplex, Tristan called. "Kwan thinks it's possible you've been marked."

"Marked?"

"He's not sure. But he wanted me to tell you to stay alert."

A very creepy feeling came over me.

"Don't worry. Kwan's the best. He won't let anyone get near you. But right now, we have to watch and wait."

"I was hoping we could have dinner tonight. I feel much better and I could really use your company."

"Out of the question."

"I had hoped you would be missing me like I'm missing you..."

"If you only knew."

"Why don't you tell me?"

"I'll make a deal with you," he said in the throaty way he had when he was about to say something sexy. The purr was music to my ears after all the serious talk. "I'm going to call you at eight. Have dinner, relax in the tub, have a glass of wine or two. When I call, I want you snuggled in bed, waiting for me."

Eight o'clock seemed to take years to arrive. I followed his instructions and had a nice big glass of wine that I had nearly finished by the time he called.

"I'm going to tell you some of the things I'm going to do with your heavenly body. While I do, I'm going to imagine you touching yourself and I'm going to do the same."

"Phone sex?" I giggled.

"Prepare to be pleasantly surprised just how hot a phone can be...Right now I am laying here on my bed, completely nude. Are you picturing that?"

"I can picture you nude, but not your bed. I haven't seen your bed, remember?"

Tristan cleared his throat. "Never mind the bed. Think about my cock that's just asking to be stroked. Just half awake, waiting for you to tell me what you're going to do to it."

"The first thing I would do is take you in my hand and hold you while I felt the blood pumping into your shaft. I'd feel you grow right there in my grasp."

"Very nice. While you hold me I can feel your soft fingers play with my cock and reach down and cup my balls and roll them gently."

"I would start to move my hand up and down your shaft, playing at the cockhead when I reached the end and twisting, ever so slightly."

"You're good at this, Raina. My dick is getting harder and harder."

"Are you touching yourself?"

"Oh yeah."

The thought of Tristan, on the other end of the line, pulling on his erection sent my own body into action. "My hand is between my legs and I can feel that I'm already wet just knowing..."

"Knowing that I'm going to jack off listening to you tell me how you masturbate? Knowing that there's already a glistening drop seeping out of the end of my cock?"

"If I was there, I'd lick it away. I'd taste your salty sweet essence and twirl my tongue around the soft sensitive ridge..."

"I'd pump my cock into your mouth but I wouldn't come there, this time. Because I want to fuck you."

"Oh god, Tristan, I really do want to fuck you."

"You will, sweet. Now just imagine it. Take me into your pussy. How do you want to do it?"

"On top of you. I want to ride on you."

"Impale yourself on me and buck away."

"I want to press my clit against you hard."

"Your breasts in my hands. Your knees around my waist."

His breath was coming faster. He was talking to me and he was stroking his magnificent cock as we played with our words. It was hard to believe I could say the things I said. Before Tristan, my sexual vocabulary was limited to unngghh and oh god. Now I was asking him to fuck me, come in me, eat me, finger me, take my pussy, take my ass. He told me that I felt like a tight tunnel of wet silk when he entered me. He described feeling the ridges and folds inside me and how they caressed him when he thrust. He described my orgasms in such detail, I was amazed.

All the while we touched ourselves, miles apart. He came first. He stopped talking. All I could hear were the guttural sounds of his release. I encouraged him to come for me. I told him I would drink him with my mouth, my pussy and my ass. I told him to watch his semen splash on my face, my breasts, my stomach. I could hear him going crazy as all the words and all the ways tumbled through his ears. His desire and his satisfaction were the biggest turn on of all. The ecstasy I heard him release released me. I rocked against my fingers and told him.

"You've got it. Now. Yours...your body, it's coming for you." Then I closed my eyes and let the pleasure take over.

We laughed at ourselves afterwards, and why not? I was learning that there were so many different ways to touch, to find satisfaction. There was gentle, rough, passionate, lusty, needy, and even something as almost comical as phone sex. Tristan was a voyage of sensual discovery in so many ways. I found myself hoping the journey would never end.

Twelve

The next several weeks were a combination of torture and triumph. He stayed true to his conviction that our relationship should remain a secret. He had serious fears about the thugs connecting him to me and consequently to my parents at his home in Maine.

My father was recuperating nicely thanks to Mom's ministrations and the beautiful, carefree setting Tristan had provided for them. Mom even hinted, as the time went by, that she was seeing something in my father that she hadn't seen in a very long time. I didn't ask. I didn't want to embarrass her. But I read between the lines and was happy for her.

It disturbed, but didn't surprise me, that no one in the theater group seemed to question that the 'couple' they had seen on that one night of Brian's party vanished as quickly as it had formed. Tristan and I were amiable enough to one another and I suppose everyone assumed it was just another instance of 'adult playtime' in the world of the Mahkeenac Little Theater. Apparently every one of them had been with each other at one point or another and I was now just one of the bunch.

Having been initiated, so to speak, I was getting a lot more attention from the other actors. I suppose they thought I was fair game. I played along a bit, flirting here and there. Tristan was not amused.

"I realize you're frustrated with our arrangement, Raina," he told me one night. "But I find it deeply disturbing to watch you behave like some cheap tramp at the theater."

"Tramp?" I had responded, incredulous. "Aren't you overreacting a little? I'm just trying to fit in. Suze and Nicky certainly do their share of innocent flirtation."

"There's nothing innocent about their flirtations. And they are sluts, pure and simple."

"You don't seem to mind sluts." I was frustrated. And pissed off. "You've certainly been seen with plenty of them."

"Seen by whom?" he asked coldly. I couldn't admit to snooping around on the internet and studying his pictures.

"Never mind."

"I'll have you know that I have not had any kind of sexual relationship with anyone at that theater."

"But everyone..." I was shocked. He was either lying or the prevailing assumption was dead wrong.

"Everyone should mind their own business and stay out of mine."

I intended to spend some serious time rethinking how much stock to put into anything someone else told me they 'knew' about Tristan King.

It wasn't all frustration. Tristan took me in his arms more than once in the dark corners of the theater. He told me he missed me, needed the comfort of my touch, wanted the completion of our desire. I lived on those words.

As much as I wanted to secure my parents' safety, I came perilously close to throwing caution to the wind. Only Tristan's conviction and control made it possible for me to keep from pushing him into something that could have blown up in my face.

I had to believe in him. He had brought considerable resources to bear on my father's predicament and he was convinced that the people harassing him were anything but amateurs. Tristan seemed to have personal knowledge of how this sort of thing worked and I was completely naive. Trusting him was my only choice. In the end, if we kept our distance from each other it would only make the reunion sweeter, or so I told myself.

There was another bonus. Every night, after the rehearsal was over and we were both tucked into our beds, Tristan would call me and we would talk. We became experts at phone sex, but that can only go so far. Maybe it was because we weren't face to face, but laying in our separate beds in the dark that allowed him to let down his guard. He began to let me inside.

I learned that he was the only child of Maryann and Bradley King of Oak Park, Illinois. He grew up in the upscale suburb of Chicago, adored by his stay at home mother and well provided for by his father who worked at the Chicago Board of Trade. His father was distant, but Tristan said he hardly noticed because his mother was his world and he was hers.

His mother made a rare trip into the Loop to do some Christmas shopping on a cold winter's day. Snow was expected in the evening and Maryann assured her then eleven-year-old son that she'd be back well before the storm hit. She dropped him off at his best friend's house and kissed him good-bye as she ruffled his hair and told him to be good. Tristan never again saw his mother alive.

Her car hit an ice patch on the Eisenhower Expressway and was flattened by the semi it skidded into. He told me the next few days were a blur of shock and grief so deep and powerful that he was sure it was going to kill him, too. I wanted to crawl through the phone and take the little-boy Tristan in my arms when he said that his father never once held him after Maryann died. He had wept his grief out into his pillow until there weren't any tears left to cry.

By the turn of the New Year, he had left behind the big comfortable home, still decorated for Christmas, and moved into a high rise on Lake Shore Drive. It was expensive, modern and absolutely nothing like what he had spent his entire life around. His friends, of course, were lost to him. His father installed him in the best private school money could buy and hired a professional housekeeper to run his life. At almost twelve he didn't really need a nanny and he certainly didn't get one. He remembered Mrs. Humbolt as being nearly as cold as his father, only present.

Even when his father was home, he wasn't. He'd lock himself away in his office and pretend to work until he was tired enough and had enough scotch in him to put him to sleep. Young Tristan learned how to live alone.

"When high school finally and mercifully ended, I had my pick of any university. I had had the finest education and all the time in the world to devote to being a good student," he said one night. "I chose Wharton. In a rare conversation about my life, my father had said that he would like to see me go to Harvard or Princeton. Wharton wasn't mentioned."

I hated the tone that Tristan's voice took on when he talked about his father. There was a brittle edge to it that did little to conceal how painful the relationship must have been.

"Is you father still alive?" I asked one night.

"I talk to him once or twice a year. He calls me on my birthday. Sometimes I call him on his."

I couldn't imagine such a thing. My family life was so different. My father was the warmest, most comforting human being I could imagine. To talk to him just once or twice a year would be unthinkable.

Tristan's narrative went on for many nights and I began to be able to piece together the complex puzzle of the man I was falling harder and faster for every day.

He said he had thrived in college. The academic world was comfortable and comforting to him. Studying was all he really knew.

"So, after I graduated, I came to New York. The rest, as they say, is history." This was the wrap up he gave one night just before he told me good night. The following evening, when he picked up the thread again he was speaking in the present tense, telling me about what his firm did and how it worked.

Wait! I wanted to say. What about Elsa? What about the girl you were going to marry? The one who was killed? Something stopped me. I knew if he wanted to tell me, he would. I knew if I asked, he'd stonewall. Satisfying my curiosity had to wait. I couldn't risk spooking him.

***

Dress rehearsal was finally upon us. I got to see Tristan in the painstaking make-up that our resident genius had applied to a handsome young face to make it old, washed out and tired. The make-up guy had done an amazing job. Even though the audience would never see some of the details--like the tiny spider veins on Tristan's nose and cheeks--it had its value for the guys on stage.

Tom and a few of the set construction crew were the only people in the audience. I was backstage checking and rechecking props, curtain cues, light cues and every small detail I could think of. If the worst happened and someone dropped a line, I had my script in hand to prompt him.

The men did a brilliant job. It was going to be a helluva play. Tristan was on stage for almost the entire action. There were only three instances that he stepped out of the limelight and behind the curtain where I stood. When he came to stand beside me the first time he reached around and patted my ass. The second time he slid his hand between my legs from behind and caressed me. The last time he whispered in my ear "when this play is over next weekend, it's going to be our time. I can't wait any longer." Then he was back on stage for the final scene.

"Great job everyone," Tom announced when dress was over. "Opening tomorrow night should be a winner. Break a leg and I'll see you tomorrow at seven sharp. Don't any of you give me a heart attack and come late."

The theater was packed for Thursday's opening night. The play was a big hit. I suddenly understood why Tom had rehearsed the play backwards. It was a brilliant move on his part. Because the actors knew how dark and horrifying the ending was, they failed to recognize the humor that infused the opening half of the play. But the audience didn't know. The audience thought the first act was hilarious. So, the actors on stage never knew to 'play for laughs' as they might have. The result was a completely natural delivery.

When Tristan came backstage for the first intermission, he and the guys were all flabbergasted at the uproarious response they were getting.

"Tom's a real cagey one. I would never have imagined we'd be so funny," Brian chuckled.

"It was a stroke of genius that's for sure," Tristan agreed. "Did you realize how funny the first act is, Raina?"

"I was as in the dark as the rest of you."

After the bows had all been taken, it was off to Suze's house for the first of the nightly cast parties that Jenn told me were the real highlight of the Little Theater's productions. Every party giver tried to have the most lavish feast, the best liquor and the liveliest music.

Suze had a gorgeous house just outside of town. The entire lawn had been transformed into a fairy-lit park and a jazz trio played discreetly on a small stage.

Tristan pulled me into the shadows at the first opportunity.

"I don't know how much more of this I can take. I need to have you, Raina."

"And I you."

"My cock is aching for you. My mouth waters every time you're near me."

His words made my clit do a little happy dance. "Mom and Dad are going to come back to New York next weekend, Tristan. So what's the point of hiding our relationship? If the thugs want to find them in New York that's easy enough. The connection to your house in Maine becomes moot."

"I still worry about your safety, though."

"Being with you doesn't make me any less safe. It may make me more so."

He pulled me against him and held me in a fierce embrace. "When the play closes, let's go away. Let's have a week or two just for ourselves."

"Tristan, I told you the other night I have three interviews scheduled for the week after the play closes. I have to get a job."

"You were serious about that?"

"Why would I kid about job interviews? I haven't exactly built up a vast fortune this summer."

"I assumed you were just baiting me. Surely you know I'm not going to let you take some menial job that is going to run your life and take up all your time."

"What do you mean 'you're not going to let me'?"

"Just that. For god's sake, Raina, do you think I'm going to just allow you to float away from me?'

I was caught between the urge to slap his face for assuming he could dictate my life to me and the desire to have him tell me how he intended to keep me from 'floating away'.

"What do you suggest I do?"

He brought his hand under my chin and lifted my face to his. "I suggest that after our final Saturday night performance, we skip the godawful cast party and get on my plane headed...I don't know yet, but somewhere spectacular. After we have fucked each other senseless and are at the brink of a passion induced coma, I suggest that we put our heads together and figure out something you'd like to do with yourself when your legs aren't wrapped around some part of my anatomy."

When I didn't answer immediately he went on.

"I assume you won't allow me to just 'keep' you." I shook my head. "I thought not. Marjorie and Donald would disapprove at any rate and that won't do. So that leaves a number of options. You could work for me..."

"Doing what?" I shook my head again. "I don't think that's a very good option."

"How about a business? Or a consultancy? Or freelance writing--I'll buy whatever you produce! Or websites. There are endless possibilities."

"You make it sound easy."

"It is easy. We'll sort it out on our vacation."

"You certainly manage to take plenty of vacations."

"I'm filthy rich and self employed. It's a beautiful thing."

"Modest, too."

"Modesty is overrated." He burst into a big grin. "Ah-ha! I've just hit on where we're going to go on vacation."

"Where?"

"So you agree that we're going on vacation after the play?'

"That was a trap."

"Effective, wasn't it?"

"Where, Tristan?"

"Somewhere where modesty is not permitted. Let it be my secret."

***

Tristan went into New York on Sunday night, after the matinee performance wrapped up. Tom had asked for a run through on Wednesday night to refresh the cast before the last Thursday performance but that met with universal thumbs down. All the men were tying up the loose ends of their summer and their minds were switching into 'work mode'. They'd all be using the few days in between the weekend performances to wrap up last minute things they needed to do to close their houses and return to the city as soon as they closed the last play of the season.

Monday night Mom called to give me an update and let me know that they had decided to return to the city a few days earlier.

"Your Tristan has been a godsend. For some reason he seems to be the only person your father has met in years who's able to break through that man's pigheadedness."

"I wouldn't call him 'mine', Mom. But I'm glad he's on our side."

"His private detective has been up to see us and debriefed us on what he's learned about the men who attacked Don."

"And?"

"They're bad business. I wouldn't say your father is scared, because other than the time you girls got lost in Manhattan I've never seen him scared, but he has accepted that this is something he can't just handle with his fists and maybe a wrench."

"So, what's the plan?"

"Tristan's man, Kwan--what a nice young fellow--has gotten a couple of his associates who'll be staying with us until we're satisfied that the threat has been 'neutralized' as they put it. I guess that means arrested."

"That's one thing it means."

Mom chose to ignore the implications. "Tristan has had a company 'secure' the house in Park Slope. I guess I'll find out what that means when I get home."

"Well, I've been telling you for years to put bars on the street level windows so I hope that's part of it."

"I hate bars."

"So, you feel pretty safe?"

"Yes and no. All of the fuss has made me realize that this is a serious situation."

"Better to know rather than have something more or worse happen to Dad."

"You're right. Without Tristan's help and Mr. Archie we'd be much easier targets."

I thought it was a good time to bring up my trip with Tristan. "Mom, Tristan and I are going away for a few days after the play closes. Is that okay with you?"

She laughed. "Since when do you ask my permission to go off somewhere?"

"Since I found out you are in danger, that's when."

"You go. There's nothing your presence is going to do to help. In fact, you'll be one less body to worry about."

"That's what Tristan thinks, too."

"Where are you going?"

"It's a secret...but Tristan told me to bring my passport."

"That sounds exciting."

"With Tristan, pretty much everything is."

***

The lights at Teterboro airport spread out below us. I was on the second helicopter ride of my life. The thrill hadn't worn off. After we landed a speedy little golf cart dropped us off at Tristan's plane. Once again, I wasn't quite prepared for what awaited me. He told me we were taking his jet, but I hadn't really been expecting to climb stairs into a plane the size of a commercial airliner.

Tristan had also been very specific about the fact that I was to bring nothing with me other than my passport. Nothing at all.

"This trip marks a new beginning and I want everything fresh and perfect," he had said. "Will you trust me to see that you're properly taken care of?" When I opened my mouth to protest that it wasn't about trust, he continued. "Tell me you'll take the risk..."

It wasn't about the clothes or the make-up I would leave behind and he knew it. He knew how vulnerable a woman would feel getting on a plane to an undisclosed location without her things. He wanted that vulnerability handed to him. He was testing me and testing himself against me.

The plane had a spacious salon, dining area and open kitchen. It was furnished in a sleek, modern design and reminded me a little of a high end recreational vehicle, which I suppose it was. Only this RV was bigger and it flew.

He gave me the grand tour and I tried very hard not to act like a bedazzled child. Of course I knew it was possible to have a full sized bedroom and a Jacuzzi tub on an aircraft. I just never thought I'd be standing at the foot of a king-sized bed getting ready to take off into the night sky with a man who was literally changing my life in the most dramatic possible way.

The pilot announced that it was time to take our seats.

"You mean that even on a private plane like this you have to buckle up?" I asked as we settled into one of the dove gray leather sofas and found the belts.

"I always want to keep you safe. You know that, don't you? There are so many things that we can't control. So many unknowns. Even a small danger can create a big risk." He tightened the belt low on my hips and I saw a flash of sadness cross his face.

I took his hand in mine. It was my turn to ask for his trust. "I'll stay safe, Tristan. I won't desert you. Nothing will happen to me. I'll be here...for you."

The lights in the cabin dimmed and the plane roared up into the star sprinkled sky. As our lips met I knew we were sealing an unspoken bargain that was yet to be truly defined. It was a promise to share something, but the 'something' had soft focused edges. There were still secrets that hid behind fleeting shadowy boundaries of the new born us.

No matter what the future held for us, Tristan had forever altered what I thought I was capable of feeling about a man, what I was capable of doing with a man. He had changed my world in ways subtle and profound. I didn't know our final destination and perhaps that was a good thing. I thought maybe it was true about the importance of the journey. As the plane reached higher in the sky, I promised myself I was going to enjoy the ride.

