Chapter One

"What did you have to promise Shiori to convince her to let us borrow her private jet?"

Amery felt Ronin staring at her beneath his sunglasses.

"Nothing. You realize she does not own this plane? It belongs to the company."

"Same difference. It's been here, in Denver, at her disposal, since her arrival. And it's not like Okada is missing it, right? How many personal aircraft does your grandfather own anyway?"

Now Amery suspected Ronin had narrowed his eyes beneath the dark lenses. "Five. Three airplanes and two helicopters. Do you have a problem with that?"

She wasn't quite sure how to answer that question. Although she and Ronin had been married for six months, she hadn't gotten used to the perks of having the heir to a corporation worth billions as her husband. Ronin didn't live ostentatiously-if she didn't count his penthouse suite atop the building he owned, or his SUV, or his sports car, or his custom motorcycle. But every once in a while the magnitude of his fortune hit her.

Like now.

Ronin stopped in front of her and pushed his sunglasses on top of his head. Then he curled his hand around her face. "Baby. Having access to a private jet just means we don't have to worry about airport security confiscating the bags of ropes I packed for us."

"Bags? Is that why you insisted I could pack as many suitcases as I wanted?"

"No." He feathered his thumb across her bottom lip. "We'll be gone for two and a half months. I want you to have anything you need from our home to help you to settle in."

She kissed the inside of his wrist. "All I need to feel at home is you, Master Black."

"You humble me, Mrs. Black."

"Mmm. You still love saying that."

"And I always will."

"Mr. Black?" a male voice spoke behind them.

Ronin's stern mask dropped into place before he turned around. "Yes?"

The blond pilot, a male somewhere in his fifties, offered his hand. "Mark Beauchamp. This is my copilot, Bernie Samuelson."

"Pleased to meet you both. This is my wife, Amery."

Another round of handshakes.

"We've done the preflight checks. We're scheduled to refuel in Hawaii. Then we're flying to Osaka. Do you have any questions?"

"Can I see your aviation orders from Okada?"

Amery's gaze moved between the two men. What were aviation orders?

Pilot Mark pulled out a manila envelope and handed it to Ronin.

Ronin removed three papers and read the first one, then he lifted the paper up to the light. After he read the second document, he scanned the third and handed the paperwork back to Pilot Mark. "Glad to see it's all in order."

"We're familiar with protocol with Ms. Hirano." He pointed to a burly man standing about twenty feet behind them. "Carver will handle your luggage. As soon as we've finished final checks, Nick, your flight steward, will bring you onboard."

"Appreciated. Thank you."

"Our pleasure, Mr. Black." Pilot Mark smiled at Amery. "Mrs. Black."

Before she could ask Ronin a question, he strode toward Carver and handed him the luggage claim ticket. Then he returned to her. "You okay?"

"This is all really weird. What paperwork did he give you?"

"Authorization papers. In Japan, Okada has an aviation crew on standby. While this plane is here, it doesn't have a regular crew so we hire a local aviation company. Due to kidnapping threats, my grandfather has a set of protocols in place for any crew who flies an Okada heir. Even on an Okada jet. It's up to me to verify this crew is the crew that Okada hired."

"So they passed?"

"Yes."

"Ever had a crew not pass?"

"Once. No nefarious plans, just a clerical error that resulted in them losing Okada's business." Ronin took her hand and led her to the big window overlooking the tarmac. "There it is. A Gulfstream Five."

She studied the airplane. It didn't have the Okada Foods corporate logo on it anywhere. "It's a lot bigger than I expected."

He chuckled in her ear. "A phrase a man loves to hear."

When she didn't tease him or call him a pervert, he turned her around to face him. "Are you nervous?"

"About flying? No. It's just surreal to think that we'll be living in Japan for ten weeks."

"For me too."

Amery gave him a skeptical look. "Why? You go to Japan at least twice a year for weeks at a time." She left the rest of it unsaid. You were raised in Japan; you know the language and the customs-you're not a foreigner like I am.

"But I always go by myself. While I'm there, I train. I sleep. I do that for two or three weeks, then I spend a few days with my family in the craziness that is Tokyo and I return to Denver more worn down than when I left."

She brushed his hair off his face. "That makes me sad."

"But this time will be different. I'll get to spend three weeks with you. Just us, seeing the sights." Ronin squeezed her hand. "And after my daily training sessions, I get to return to you every night."

"But what if-"

Ronin slanted his mouth over hers and kissed her very softly. "You and me, Amery. Nothing else matters."

As much as she wanted to believe him, his claim wasn't entirely true. Master Black would spend six weeks training with his sensei, Daichi. He'd already warned her that the regimen was grueling. Fourteen-hour days, every day, for three weeks. Then they'd take a week and sightsee between session one and session two, but then they'd return to the remote village where Ronin would train for three more weeks-the last week of which he'd spend sequestered. That's when Ronin's mother would squire Amery off to visit the Okada Foods factories that were mass producing her packaging designs.

"Mr. Black?" a voice inquired behind them.

They turned to face a good-looking Hispanic man, who she guessed was around her age. "Yes?"

"I'm Nick. Your steward. The cabin is ready if you are?"

"Of course. Thank you."

Ronin kept his hand on the small of her back as they crossed the tarmac. The wind blew like crazy, whipping her hair around her face.

Nick scaled the stairs and waited at the top. "It feels strange welcoming you aboard the plane you own, but welcome."

Amery waited for Ronin to correct Nick-that Okada owned the plane, not him, but Ronin didn't respond.

"May I take your coats?"

Ronin helped Amery with her long wool coat before shrugging out of his leather jacket. "I'll give my wife a tour. We can take off as soon as they're ready. I'll let you know if we need anything."

"Of course." Nick stepped back into a small galley kitchen.

Amery turned and felt her mouth hanging open as she stared at their surroundings. This was the inside of an airplane? The interior ceiling was white tufted leather. Silver and black zigzag-patterned wallpaper covered the walls. The plush chairs-four of them-were upholstered in a dark charcoal with red leather armrests. The carpeting was gray with flecks of red. Behind the chairs was a mini conference table. Directly behind that area were two more oversized recliners that could swivel toward each other or face the red leather couch along the opposite side.

"Holy shit, Ronin. I don't know what I was expecting-okay, I had zero expectations because I've never been on a private plane before, but it certainly wasn't this."

"It gets better." He led her past the conference and lounging areas. He slid open a door, revealing a bathroom with a walk-in tiled shower.

"That is nothing like the tiny, cramped bathrooms on commercial airliners," she said with awe.

"This is Okada's transcontinental aircraft so it was retrofitted for comfort on long flights." Ronin opened another door and brought her inside a bedroom.

A bedroom. On a plane.

Of course the decor screamed rich and classy. Plush black-and-cream-striped bedding with half a dozen fluffy pillows covered in solid black set against cream-colored sheets. The king-sized bed took up most of the space, but on each side of the headboard were built-in dressers in white and black lacquer. Heavy black curtains covered the walls. "The only thing missing is a big-screen TV."

"Got that too." Ronin punched a button on the wall and a TV screen that she guessed to be about forty-eight inches lowered from the ceiling. She hadn't noticed it because the black panel had blended in with the black ceiling.

Amery gawked at the luxurious space and wondered if there'd ever come a time when she took things like this for granted.

Ronin kicked the door shut and pulled her into him so they tumbled onto the bed. Then he pinned her arms above her head and got right in her face. "Don't."

"Don't what?"

"Don't look at me like you don't know me."

Her eyes searched his. "But I don't know you in this context, Ronin. I'm sorry if that makes you uncomfortable."

"Do you want to get off this plane and fly commercial? Because I will."

"Are you kidding me? No. Way." She nuzzled his jaw. "I just don't want you to get short with me when I'm overwhelmed by who you are outside of our life in Denver."

He rested his forehead to hers. "You are my life regardless of where we are. I know I'm selfish for demanding you come with me. I can't stand the thought of being away from you for two and a half months. But if that means you resent me-"

Amery lifted her head to gaze at him and then pressed her lips to his. The feel of his weight on her, the taste of him, his scent, those were familiar. Those things grounded her as much as they grounded him. That's why she was going. He needed her there with him. "No resentment. But you'll have to figure out a way to deal with my freak-out moments, because this is the first of many."

Ronin's lips curved into a wicked smile. "I've come up with a few ideas on how best to distract you, baby."

"Do those ideas involve rope?"

He rubbed his nose to hers. "Always."

The plane started to move. "Whoa."

"It appears they were as ready to take off as they claimed." Ronin kissed her quickly and pushed onto his knees.

"Do we have to go back to the main part of the cabin and buckle up?"

"Nope." He stretched out beside her, placing his feet on the pillows. "Do this."

"What?"

"Lie beside me like this."

She spun around. "Now what?"

He picked up her hand and kissed her knuckles. "Now have some patience."

It was weird lying on the comfortable mattress, facing the wrong way, staring at the back of the TV screen as the plane rolled along.

After a couple of turns the plane stopped.

"Ronin-"

"Hang on. Wait for it."

The bumps were jarring when the plane started to accelerate. When it lifted off the runway, so fast, at such a sharp angle, she felt like she was standing up. And for just a moment ... she felt weightless, as if she'd entered a zero-gravity chamber. Despite the stomach-churning sensation, she turned her head and looked at him with a smile.

He wore a boyish grin. "Pretty cool, huh?"

"How'd you figure it out?"

"I crawled in bed before the plane took off one night and damn near ended up ass over teakettle. It's a steeper climb for smaller jets to reach altitude. Now, whenever I'm on this aircraft, I act like a kid who thinks he's on a rocket ship during takeoff."

She laughed. "Crazy man-boy. I thought you dragged me to the bedroom because you wanted me to join the mile-high club."

Ronin rolled her on top of him and kissed her, mouth avid, keeping his hands clamped on her butt. Between his all-consuming kisses, he spoke against her lips. "Maybe we should take the edge off." He treated her lips to a few more teasing kisses. "You seem tense."

"You're up for a quickie?" She moaned when he nipped the side of her neck and then soothed the sting with hot, slow kisses.

"Who said anything about a quickie? It's a long flight."

***

"Amery?" A soft kiss brushed her bare shoulder. "We've landed."

She blinked, forgetting for a moment where she was. Why was she naked?

Oh right. She was on Okada's private jet. And she was naked because her husband was a master at seducing her.

Amery reached up and touched his gorgeous face. "Hey."

He pressed his lips to her wrist. "Hey, yourself."

"How long did I sleep?"

"Seven hours."

"What time is it now?"

"We left Honolulu at four p.m. It's nineteen hours' difference so it's eleven a.m. here in Osaka. The next day." He smiled. "Just in time for lunch."

Amery stretched and stood. "Do I need to change clothes?" She picked up the pile of clothing and slipped on her bra and panties. "I've been in them ... ? How many hours?"

"The time change will really screw with you if you think too hard about it." His gaze moved over her as she yanked her black jeans up over her hips. "And technically once we ended up in the bedroom you didn't have your clothes on for very long."

Such a smug look. "I'm reminded again why I don't wear clothes that need ironing since you tear them off me and throw them on the floor every time the opportunity presents itself."

"At every opportunity, sexy wife of mine." Ronin flashed his roguish grin before he pulled on his black cashmere mock turtleneck. He'd already slipped his jeans back on. He sat on the edge of the bed and donned his socks and motorcycle boots.

Amery loved watching Ronin get dressed as much as she loved watching him get undressed. Maybe it was a power thing; he wasn't comfortable showing skin in public. The only time he let down his hair, so to speak, was around her. Only she knew what a powerful, muscular, hot body was hidden beneath his gi or his clothing.

He emitted a growl and she glanced up at him. "What?"

"You know what. Stop looking at me and licking your chops or we won't get off this plane for another hour."

She kept her gaze fastened to Ronin as she buttoned the bottom half of her pale pink sweater, leaving the gray lace of her silk camisole peeking through the top. "Might I remind you we've joined the mile-high club twice in the past however many hours?"

"That's the only way to fly, baby."

She couldn't help but laugh.

"You ready?"

"Give me a couple minutes to freshen up and then I'm at your command."

By the time she exited the bathroom, the plane had come to a complete stop. Ronin was in conversation with the pilots and Nick but he broke off the discussion upon seeing her.

"Is everything all right?"

"Fine," Ronin answered quickly. "Shall we?"

"Don't I need my coat?"

"Not today. The weather in Osaka is beautiful," Nick said.

Osaka? But weren't they spending the first week in Kyoto?

"Everything onboard has been loaded into the car as per our instructions," Nick added. "Your driver is waiting inside the terminal."

"Thank you." Ronin stepped aside so Amery could descend the stairs first.

A temperate breeze stirred her hair and she lifted her face to the sun. Even the sky looked different here. But she didn't have time to gawk as Ronin steered her across the tarmac and toward the open doors.

A pudgy man in a bellman's uniform came forward and bowed to Ronin. Their discussion seemed formal and Amery couldn't pick out any familiar Japanese words besides udon and Kyoto. Then the driver gestured for them to follow him. A black limousine idled at the curb and another liveried man bowed before he opened the rear door.

After they were ensconced in the back, she poked her finger into his chest and teased, "A limo, Ronin? Really? Sweetheart, I already know you're a billionaire heir so you don't have to try to impress me."

He snatched her hand and lightly bit the finger that'd been poking him. "So you'd rather we rode Shinkansen from Osaka to Kyoto and schlepped two months' worth of luggage ourselves?"

"What's a Shinkansen?"

"The Japanese bullet train."

That sounded entertaining. "Why didn't we just fly into Kyoto?"

"Because Kyoto doesn't have an airport. Osaka is closest and it's an hour drive to Kyoto. The limo wasn't my idea. My grandfather sent this to welcome us to Japan. It'd be rude to refuse his hospitality. Besides, this vehicle belongs to Okada. It has special tags that will allow us quicker and easier access to the part of Kyoto we'll be staying in. Since we're both hungry I've asked the drivers to stop for lunch first."

Udon. Now that made sense. "So we're having noodles?"

"You picked that up from the conversation? I'm impressed."

"Don't be. Noodles and bathroom are the extent of my Japanese language skills."

Ronin's fingers gripped her chin, forcing her to meet his hard gaze. "Buck up and understand you will have to rely on me for a lot of things on this trip, as much as it pains you to do so."

That brought a smile. "It doesn't pain me."

"Then what is it?"

Amery studied him. His long black hair was unruly. His cheeks and jaw sported dark stubble. His bottom lip had a swollen spot on the left side. Thinking about how he'd gotten that mark sent a shiver of awareness through her. The second time he'd had his wicked way with her on the plane, he'd plowed into her with such force, with such unquenchable need he only showed to her, that she'd bit him. It hadn't fazed him. He'd put his mouth on her ear and growled, "More. Use your teeth on me. I want to wear your passion on my skin."

So she had. She'd given him a hickey above the edge of his collarbone. It had shocked her that her nails digging into the back of his neck while she sucked a love bruise on him had set him off.

"Amery?"

When she met his gaze again, she noticed his golden-brown eyes had softened and he'd relaxed his grip on her chin. She released a sigh, amazed as always this beautiful man was hers.

So he wants to show off a little. Spoil you a bit. Is that really so bad?

No.

Because of their financial disparity, she'd been insistent they were partners in their marriage, which worked on many levels-the most important ones for sure. But on other levels ... she knew she'd never be his equal. And she had to accept that fact as much as he had to accept that she'd be uncomfortable with certain aspects of being with him because of who he was.

"Baby. Your silence is scaring me. What's going on?"

Amery leaned in and licked the swollen bump on his lip before she sucked it hard. She smirked at his quick, surprised intake of breath. "I remembered I know another Japanese phrase."

"Yeah? Which one?"

She whispered, "Aishiteru wa."

He closed his eyes and his exhale drifted over her lips. "I love you too." His hand slid down and curled around her throat. While feathering his thumb across her rapidly beating pulse, he pulled her close. The kiss started out slow and sweet. But things would heat up quickly and they'd be going at it in the back of the limo if she didn't stop it, because heaven knew Ronin wouldn't.

She broke the kiss. "Steaming-hot noodles first; steamy-hot sex second."

"Deal."

They stopped at a roadside noodle joint. Amery was more interested in watching Ronin interact with the locals, than what type of noodle dish he ordered for them, because weren't all bowls of noodles basically the same?

No. Not even close.

Amery ate her food so fast Ronin laughed. Then he ordered her a smaller bowl of another kind of noodles and she downed that too.

She fought a wave of sleepiness as they climbed back in the car and drove to Kyoto.

Ronin's phone rang. Was it her imagination or did Ronin sit up straighter before he answered?

When he said, "Ojisan," she knew why Ronin had tensed; his grandfather was calling.

The conversation lasted longer than she'd expected. Ronin said her name several times. He even laughed-a genuine laugh.

That boggled the mind. From everything she'd heard, and what she'd read online, Nureki Okada was one scary man-even at his advanced age-and not prone to joking. Ever. Someone had even commented he'd had his funny bone removed in his youth in favor of having a shark's fin implanted.

Ronin hung up and remained quiet longer than usual.

"Is everything all right?"

"Yes. My grandfather sends his best wishes that we enjoy our time in Japan until he sees us in Tokyo." He paused. "It's ... strange how much easier it is to speak with him now. I thought he'd be cold and pull that 'I'm disappointed' bullshit, especially since Shiori is in a holding pattern as far as continuing in the family business. But he seems happy with how my mother is handling everything."

"That's good, right?"

"Very good." Ronin threaded their fingers together. "He asked about you." A soft smile curved his lips. "Wanting to know if you were pregnant yet. In the past I would've seen that as him meddling in my life."

"But now?"

"Now I see it for what it is. His way of wanting a connection with us and having hope for the future."

Amery laid her head on his shoulder. "I can't wait to meet him even though I'm scared shitless of him."

"Believe me, I understand." Ronin nuzzled the top of her head. "I'm so glad you're here with me, Amery."

When the car stopped, Ronin waited for the driver to open the door. "I know what you're thinking. It's not like me to allow others to wait on me. But it's different here. It's an insult if I don't allow these people to do their jobs."

After they exited the car, Amery realized they were in an alley of a residential street. None of the houses, all crowded together, were higher than two stories. This seemed an odd place for a hotel.

Keeping hold of her hand, Ronin led them up a narrow stone walkway. At the front door he exposed a security box hidden in the siding and punched a code on the keypad. She heard the locks pop before he turned the handle and opened the door.

He issued instructions to the drivers before he looked at her. "I want to show you my favorite part of the house while they're unloading the luggage."

Ronin towed her through the back door onto a private patio.

Both sides were blocked off by wooden soundproofing barriers. Paper lanterns hung from the rafters. Two papa-san chairs sat alongside the walls, facing outward. At the bottom of the path a tree was in full bloom and just beyond it a slatted bench overlooked a grassy slope that led to a body of water. On the right side was a raised box, filled with sand and stones and camouflaged on the back side by flowering shrubs.

Immediately a sense of peace settled over her. She knew from her pre-trip research that private green spaces in the major cities in Japan were rare and treasured, so this was someplace special. It reminded her of Ronin's rooftop Zen garden in Denver.

Ronin's arms came around her. "What do you think?"

"It's lovely. But we aren't at a hotel, are we?"

"No. At one time this was a hotel but now it's Grandfather's Kyoto residence. It's more economical to stay here than if we had to pay for a luxury hotel."

"Fine, I'll give you that. What else?"

"This place is centrally located, less hassle getting to the areas of Kyoto I want to show you. It also gives us the most privacy. Okada owns this entire complex so we don't have to listen to screaming children and smell fish cooking through the walls like in other rentals. And this house is huge by Japanese standards. Since my mother stays here frequently, she's decorated this western style."

"Meaning what?"

"Meaning no futons, but permanent beds. Meaning a real dining room table, a decent kitchen and a private bathroom. Initially this property was ryokan, with a communal bathroom for all five apartments. Now each apartment has its own facilities."

"I'm happy for that. Who else stays here?"

"The two units on either end are rented out to Okada employees who run the Kyoto office. The two units on each side of this one are for Okada business associates to stay if they're involved in meetings. Or in years past when my grandfather traveled here, one of his mistresses stayed in one unit and his personal staff stayed in the other."

"Mistresses? Plural?"

Ronin chuckled. "Just because he never married again didn't mean he became a monk. A man of his means had his pick of the ladies."

"Like grandfather, like grandson."

"Maybe. Except I don't need four women to keep me satisfied when I have you."

"Did your grandfather have a thing for geishas?"

"No. Not all Japanese men do." He paused. "Why? Would you like to go to a geisha house while we're here?"

"Nope. Unless you want to?"

"There's plenty for us to see and do without geishas or visiting a teahouse."

"No tea or sushi while we're in Japan? Man, you are a hardass."

At that moment the sweetest scent she'd ever encountered eddied around them. "What kind of tree is that? The blooms smell heavenly."

"It's shidare-zakura. A weeping cherry tree."

Amery spun around. "As in real cherry blossoms is what smells so good?"

"Yes." Ronin caressed her cheekbone with his thumb. "Kyoto has the biggest cherry blossom festival in Japan. We're at the tail end of it so I'm hoping that means it'll be less crowded."

Overcome with emotion, Amery teared up. "Ronin. I ... can't believe you brought me here to experience all of this."

"You deserve this break for everything you've dealt with in the last few months. My health issues. My less-than-pleasant attitude about those health issues. We had a small, rushed wedding. For christsake I didn't even take you on a proper honeymoon. This is my way of making it up to you. So please. Let me."

"You already spoil me."

"Not enough. I'd do more if you'd let me, baby, you know that."

"I do. You overwhelm me, Master Black."

"Good." Then her husband kissed her in that slow and steady way that sparked the embers of need.

A throat cleared behind them.

Ronin whispered, "Hold that thought," against her lips. "I promise it's the last time we'll be interrupted for the next week."

Chapter Two

After the drivers left, Ronin gave her a tour of the rest of the condo. They unpacked, freshened up, and went exploring.

They rode the bus to the temples Ronin wanted to visit. Each one was different; some elaborate, some simple, some big, some tiny. But in each shrine she felt a sense of holiness, power, and peace.

The Chion-in temple still housed the Jōdo School-a Japanese religious sect. Amery studied Ronin's reaction as he watched the monks going about their daily lives. Did it remind him of the years he'd spent in the monastery? Hearing the Buddhist monks chanting and seeing the spiritual pilgrimage of others to this sacred place had sent shivers down her spine.

On the walk back to the condo from the bus station, they discovered a quiet bistro. Their Ronin-approved, healthy, three-course dinner consisted of miso soup, poached fish in persimmon sauce, and a skewer of rice balls covered in sweet red bean paste. During the meal Ronin ordered a sampler of sake, and as she sipped, he explained the variations of flavors. The delicious food, the intimate conversation, and the relaxed atmosphere was the perfect capper to their first day in Japan.

Ronin plucked up her hand and kissed her palm. "I lost you there for a moment. But I'm not complaining because you look happy."

"I am happy. Being with you-just you-really makes this feel like a honeymoon."

"Baby, these weeks we have alone are our honeymoon."

She gazed at him. "Sometimes when I look across the table, it just hits me ..."

"What hits you?"

"That you're really my husband."

He smiled softly at her while his eyes shone fiercely in the glow of the paper lanterns. "We're getting sappy on sake. Time to go."

As soon as they were through the front door of the condo, Ronin was on her. Ripping away the articles of clothing she wore, he hoisted her against the smooth teak wall in the foyer. No bondage games, no foreplay, just pure raw sex. He slammed inside her and started fucking her in such a primal way, it soon had her coming so hard that her mind blanked.

Ronin's harsh grunt against her cheek and the stillness of his powerful body roused her from the white haze.

She forced her hands to loosen her tight grip on his ass. "Happy honeymoon to us!"

"Indeed. And I guarantee we'll being doing a lot of this to make it the best honeymoon ever."

"How many times have you had your hands on me in the last day?"

"Four." He nibbled on her throat as he tried to catch his breath. "And yes, I'm keeping track."

As distracting as it was to have his mouth working such shiver-inducing magic on her skin, Amery concentrated on adding up their naked time. Ronin had tied her hands to the showerhead with her loofah in their shower at home and fucked her very thoroughly before they'd left for the airport. He'd fucked her twice on the plane. He'd gone all caveman on her just now. And before they went exploring in Kyoto ...

"You forgot one. The blowjob in the shower right after we got here. You definitely had your hands on me then. Mostly gripping my head, but it counts."

"I stand corrected. Five." He nipped her earlobe. "Wanna go for six?"

She laughed.

But it soon became clear that her insatiable husband hadn't been joking.

***

They spent the early part of the morning of day two at Maruyama Park beneath the cherry blossoms. Then they ventured to the Imperial Palace, and the equally gorgeous Imperial Palace Park. That night they took a romantic walk through the canopy of cherry trees in bloom at Philosopher's Path. Amery caught herself tearing up when she thought about Ronin's surprise in bringing her here during such a magical time.

After they'd returned to the condo, Ronin showed her on a map where they'd be in the upcoming weeks. During his training weeks they'd be in a small village at the base of the snow-capped mountains in Hokkaido. Then during the first break they'd be on the beach in the Ryukyu Islands, then back to Hokkaido, and they'd spend the last week in Tokyo.

"Any part of that you don't want to do, tell me. I purposely kept our itinerary fluid."

"No, I want to do it all. Ronin, I'm still pinching myself that I'm really here. While this is my first exotic foreign adventure, I know it's not a once-in-a-lifetime event for you like it is for me."

Ronin pressed his lips to hers, bestowing the type of sweet, reverent kiss that made her sigh. "Wrong. This is a once-in-a-lifetime trip for me too, Mrs. Black. This is the only honeymoon we'll ever take. Yes, I've seen some of these sights, but I've never seen them with you. In years to come we can return to these places, but it'll never be like this again for us."

Amery nuzzled his neck. "I love you. And I'm loving this romantic side of you."

"Does it surprise you?"

"Yes. You're so used to being ... Sensei Black that sometimes you forget you're also just Ronin. My Ronin."

That appeared to startle him. "I'll work harder on showing you my romantic side, okay?"

"Okay." If they continued this conversation in the same vein she'd end up genuflecting at his feet-and the rope master side of him would enjoy that far too much. So she changed the subject. "I took stock of the pantry. There's not much to cook so should we go to the store tomorrow?"

"I'd rather sample Kyoto's cuisine."

She frowned. "Really? Why? We don't eat out that much at home."

"Which is why I want to take advantage of having hundreds of different restaurants within walking distance. Plus, you'll end up cooking for me every night during my training weeks."

"You trust me to cook? Aren't you afraid you'll get fat-laden meatloaf and buttery mashed potatoes and other not-good-for-you Midwestern comfort foods from me?"

"Smartass." Ronin smacked her butt.

Amery wrapped her arms around his neck. "I assume your diet will be different with that much training?"

"Yes. But we can talk about it later. I've got a better use for my mouth at the moment." With those promising words, Ronin carried her to the meditation room and showed her the benefits of a low table surrounded by cushions.

***

It didn't escape her notice on day three after they'd visited the formidable and majestic Arashiyama Bamboo Grove that Ronin had embraced the laid-back "on vacation" vibe. Like everything else he did perfectly, Ronin was a perfect travel partner. Knowledgeable. Attentive. Flexible. Spontaneous. Passionate.

Whoo-boy did the man define passion. He couldn't keep his hands off her. Not only in the privacy of their condo, but he always had to be touching her in some way in public. The hard-eyed sensei who eschewed PDA at home embraced it fully here, which had been a welcome surprise, because she noticed most other couples were very hands off.

The morning of day four dawned rainy, so they'd explored the Nishiki Market, where restaurants and individuals could purchase locally produced Japanese food items. Ronin found bizarre things for them to sample, which was equal parts fun and gross-Amery wasn't a fan of fermented whale blubber.

While they wandered through the stalls, she wondered how the food vendors would react if they knew they were serving their wares to an Okada Foods heir. Okada food trucks were everywhere throughout Kyoto. But as usual, Ronin did nothing to reveal who he was. How the man could be so arrogant and yet so humble continually baffled her.

But she knew he used his connections to secure a table at the best restaurant in Kyoto for them. Then he surprised her with tickets to Kabuki Theater. Afterward they ended up in a raucous nightclub and got sucked in by the energy of the techno music and the club-goers. Fueled with a few potent cocktails, they found themselves grinding against each other in the midst of hundreds of other couples. Watching her hot man cutting loose and gyrating that fantastic body like a world-class stripper made her hot, made her wet, made her anxious to get the fuck out of there.

They left the club immediately.

Ronin didn't drag her to the bus stop; instead they cut through the alley behind the building that abutted a wooded area.

"Is this a shortcut back to the condo?"

"No." He ducked beneath a canopy of kudzu vines, pulling her along behind him. "This place is known as lovers park." He pulled her back against his front and tipped her head to the side to get at her neck. "I am out of my mind to fuck you, after the way you were dry-humping me in the club." His lips teased her ear while his hands squeezed her hips. "Sweet Jesus, woman. What you do to me with your clothes on."

"Surprised that a preacher's daughter can move like that?" she said huskily and swayed her hips side to side, raising her arms above her head.

"Oh, I know exactly how well you move, baby. That's why I couldn't wait until we get home to feel you grinding against me when I'm buried inside you."

"And if someone strolls by?"

"I don't fucking care."

That low growl burrowed into her ear and sent little spikes of need buzzing across her skin.

His rough-skinned hand slipped beneath the hem of her skirt. "Bend over and grab the back of the bench."

The concrete bit into her palms as she braced herself for the powerful surges of his body. In the stillness she heard the soft whoosh as his pants hit the ground. She canted her hips and waited breathlessly for that first heated touch of his skin to hers.

Ronin hiked her skirt up, pulled her panties aside, and plowed into her.

Amery didn't care who heard her cry out at that first deliciously hard thrust. Or the second. Or the third. Then he slowed down, swiveling his hips and rocking his pelvis, fucking her in the overpoweringly sensual way that reminded her she belonged to him.

Afterward, he kissed her. Possessively. Decisively. Then his mouth formed a smirk and he whispered, "Thirteen."

Chapter Three

While Amery snapped pictures of whatever struck her fancy on the crowded street, Ronin ducked into one of Kyoto's famous textile houses and picked up the yukata he'd ordered for her.

Throughout their last day exploring the city, he'd kept the sexual tension high-toeing that line between anticipation and frustration.

Things had changed between them since they'd come to Japan. He hadn't realized how uptight he'd been in the months following his neurologist's edict of no combat sports training. Amery had supported him unconditionally, which had been exactly what he'd needed, during those times when he wasn't quite sure himself where his head was.

But his heart was with her. Always.

Ronin had foregone rope play during their stay in Kyoto because he had something special planned for their last night. He wasn't sure how Amery would handle how things were about to change for them, when his focus would be entirely on his training. There were no days off. If Master Daichi had his way, Ronin would train for two weeks, take two weeks off, return and train for two more weeks, and repeat.

But he knew his body well enough that it'd take week one to reach his prime condition. Week two he'd push himself. Week three he'd begin to tire and need a mental and physical break. And a week alone with his wife on a private beach would rejuvenate him.

Ronin just hoped they both survived the three-week stint of intense training leading up to sand, sun, and surf.

She sat on a bench waiting for his return. She frowned at the package he carried. "I thought we were waiting to buy souvenirs?"

"We are."

"So what's that?"

"A gift."

"For your sensei?"

"No. I brought a case of whiskey for him, remember?"

"Then who's it for?"

"You."

When she leapt up and attempted to get in his face, Ronin crowded her against the wall behind the bench. "Hold that sassy tongue, woman. This is the first goddamned thing I've bought you since we got here."

"This is not fair. You wouldn't let me buy you that funky geisha clock that would've looked awesomely obscene in your office at the dojo."

He placed his mouth on her ear. "You want to give me something?"

"Yes."

"Then I'll take your complete submission to me tonight."

"Oh." She paused. "You're binding me?"

"Yes. And it will be a formal binding."

"You drive a hard bargain, Master Black. But I accept your terms."

"Perfect." Ronin kissed her temple and handed her the package. "No peeking. Let's eat before we head back."

Sometimes during this trip Amery had been so quiet he wasn't sure what was on her mind. But as they shared plates of pan-fried noodles with veggies and skewers of spicy tempura-fried chicken, she chattered away. While she waited for him she'd checked in with Molly. Evidently her office manager and her new graphic artist were doing just fine without the boss lady there.

Ronin tuned out for a moment, wondering how his second-in-command, Knox, was faring, working in the dojo with Shiori. Since he traveled to Japan twice a year, he'd learned it was easier not to worry about things that were out of his control. But leaving this time was different because Knox and Shiori fought like two tomcats-neither willing to back down. He should check in... but he figured it'd be a good test for him, and them, to see if they were capable of handling some of the duties he intended to hand over after he returned.

"Ronin?"

He glanced up. "Sorry. I don't suppose Molly mentioned what's going on at Black Arts?"

"Nothing beyond Yondan Deacon being a sadistic asshole for claiming she needed to 'toughen up' in his Muay Thai class."

"I'm surprised she's still going to classes. His dropout rate for men is high because they can't hack it."

"Hah!" She pointed her chopsticks at him. "Deacon the Destroyer won't let her drop out. Molly tried. After she skipped class he showed up at her apartment with a heavy bag and sparring equipment. Twice."

Ronin froze. "Are you kidding me?"

"Nope."

"Why didn't I know that?"

"Uh, because you've been mediating Knox and Shiori, you've been taskmaster for Katie the Kook, you've taken Ivan the Terrific under your wing, you're strategizing training partnerships with Badass Blue, you're running a dojo, building a fight promotion company, and dealing with health concerns."

He lifted a brow. "Ivan the Terrific? Not Ivan the Terrible?"

"Ronin. The man is hot. Like seriously hot. There's nothing terrible about him. Well, except for that mean face he makes when he loses during training. But when he smiles?" Amery sighed. "He's back to being terrific."

His wife fucking sighed. Over Ivan.

"Oh, don't make that growling noise. You know I only have eyes for you."

"Doesn't sound like it. Sounds like someone has been breaking the 'no observation' rule again."

"So punish me." She smirked and scooped rice into her mouth.

"Oh, I intend to. Besides, you didn't list the most distracting thing in my life." Ronin ran the tips of his fingers up her arm, making sure to hit all the spots that made her tremble. "My beautiful wife."

When their eyes met, a sense of urgency consumed him. He needed her. Needed to remind her how much stronger their connection grew every time he had her bound-which hadn't been often recently.

Without breaking their eye contact, he shoved her plate aside and said, "You're done." He stood, threw a pile of bills on the table, and clasped her hand, towing her out of the restaurant.

They didn't speak at all during the bus ride, but Ronin rested his palm at the base of her neck. He wanted his hold to impart the calming effect of his touch, and yet remind her that the heavy weight of his hand was as immobilizing as his rope.

As they made the fast walk back to the condo, he couldn't help but notice the flush on her cheeks, the increased rate of her breathing, and the sheen of perspiration that teased him with her scent.

After he punched in the code and they were inside, Ronin cupped her face in his hands, forcing her attention only to him. "The binding tonight will take place outside on the patio."

She hesitated a moment before saying, "Okay."

"I'll need half an hour to prepare."

"Okay," she said again.

"But first I want you to open your present."

He was a little nervous as Amery delicately slipped the knotted ties down the plain brown paper. She folded the wrapper back to reveal the vibrant material.

Her gaze hooked his. "Is this what I think it is?"

"Open it and find out."

She ripped into the package and gasped at the floral pattern created in brilliant hues. "It's a kimono?"

"A yukata. A more casual kimono. I had it modified so it's easier to put on than the traditional one."

"And easier to take off," she murmured, running her finger across the material.

"This fabric is sturdier than silk although it retains the look and feel of it."

Amery looked up at him. "This is exquisite."

"It'll look even more exquisite on you."

When she shook the garment out, another bundle of fabric tumbled free. "What's this?"

"The matching robe." He unfurled the pearlescent fabric that shimmered between pale pink and ivory. "I'll have you wear the yukata another time. Tonight I want you in this because I want to try something new."

She smiled at him. "I'm all in for trying something new."

He hadn't expected that response. "I promise no pictures."

"You always want pictures. Which makes me wonder ... should I be nervous about this new binding?"

"Probably."

She laughed, as he'd hoped.

"Go on, beautiful, and get ready for me."

***

Ronin adjusted the ropes dangling from the rafters, rechecking the tension.

He looked around the binding area one last time, compiling a mental checklist. Bamboo pole. Tatami mat. Cushion. Scissors. Water. Blanket. The paper lanterns stationed at various points on the rafters above the patio emitted a soft golden glow, but provided enough light to work by. Luckily the moon was full. He'd already double-checked his ropes and scattered them across the patio.

Once his preparations were complete, he returned inside to the reflection room. He'd grown up with a space like this in his childhood home: a room formed from four sliding walls, empty, save for the small altar. His mother used to send him or Shiori into the reflection room if they'd been fighting. Sometimes she used it when she needed a quiet place to gather her thoughts. With the addition of futons, it served as a guest room. So the space wasn't solely for meditation or reinforcing a spiritual connection. But that was exactly what it felt like now.

Ronin removed his street clothes and slipped into a white gi. Instead of using one of his official belts proclaiming his jujitsu rank, he tied a han obi around his waist. The informal belt had been crafted from the same fabric as Amery's yukata. It was a small thing to retain that thread of connection between them, but one he needed. And the bonus? The belt also doubled as a blindfold.

A few katas loosened his muscles. He pulled his hair back, bowed to the altar, and slipped out of the room.

As soon as Ronin stepped onto the patio, the buzz of power sizzled through him upon seeing Amery-his wife, his rope model, his everything-waiting for him on her knees, her head bowed, her hands folded, wearing the clothing he'd had created specifically for her.

She'd twisted her hair up and secured it atop her head, leaving the back of her neck exposed. He longed to rub his mouth on the tiny, sensitive hairs there, where he could gauge how quickly they bristled against his lips, feeling her skin quiver from his touch.

Tonight the stillness in the atmosphere fit his mood, yet even without a breeze the sweet scent of cherry blossoms perfumed the air.

Before he approached her, he spread the blanket beneath the cherry tree in the garden. Then he knelt behind her and feathered a kiss at the base of her hairline.

Her answering sigh sounded like the sweetest music to him.

His breath remained hot on the nape of her neck as he traced the edge of the robe where it'd slipped, baring her shoulders. With deliberate slowness he slid the robe down, exposing her back and freeing her arms, allowing the silky material to pool next to her thighs and to cover the bottoms of her feet.

"You are beautiful," he whispered, letting his fingertips trace her spine. "Please stand."

Amery stood gracefully-her years of practicing yoga made the movement natural and fluid.

He picked up the robe and draped it over the papa-san chair. Then he untied the han obi and shrugged out of his gi top, layering it over Amery's robe. When he glanced over at her, he caught her staring at the length of fabric before she lowered her gaze.

The silent pause between them lingered and when Amery didn't ask any questions, he understood he'd earned her trust tonight. He never took that precious gift for granted.

First he moved in behind her and blocked her sight with the han obi.

The bundle of ropes made a softer thud landing on the tatami mat than it did on the mat in his practice room at home. Even the whisper of his gi pants was dampened by the outside elements.

He started out with her clasping her hands behind her back. Because the ropes compressed her rib cage, he focused on caressing her nipples on every pass as he finished the chest harness. He slipped a long bamboo stick diagonally across her back beneath the ropes, tying the top of the stick to the rope dangling from the rafters. This wasn't a suspension pose so he didn't need the rope tie strong enough to hold her, just to stabilize her when he began the binding process on her legs.

Moisture dotted his forehead and sweat snaked down his spine. Physical exertion during a kinbaku scene didn't compare to the energy he expended during his martial arts training. It'd shocked him the first time Amery had asked him to press his damp body to hers, using her skin as his towel, because the intimacy of having his scent on her calmed her.

Now he couldn't resist marking her in such a primal way. He nuzzled her neck, then dragged his damp forehead across her nipples. Easing back, he blew on the tips, watching her face as he did so.

Amery bit her lip to stifle the groan.

Just that one heated moment instantly made his dick hard.

Focus on the binding. How the rest of her skin will feel beneath your hands. How perfect her creamy flesh will look scored by your red ropes.

Ronin scooted another bundle of rope closer with his foot, forcing his attention to how he'd maneuver her limbs and torso to create the finished image.

Lowering to his knees, he added more rope, creating a modified diamond pattern down her thigh. He became so engrossed in the sound of the rougher rope sliding across the mat, and the frayed look to the rope wrapped around her skin, that he completed the tie on the back of her leg without moving behind her.

As he pulled the rope between her thighs, he kept the two sections separate as he nestled it in the crack of her ass. Once the ropes reached the pucker of her anus, he crossed them, creating a point of constant friction against the nerve-rich tissue there.

Amery made a soft gasp.

Ronin looked up, greedily studying her face as he tugged the rope up and tucked it against her pussy lips along both sides of the split in her sex. After he'd tied the rope off, he ran his thumb down her slit, resting it at the opening of her pussy. He bit back a snarl of satisfaction at the warm yielding of her body as he pushed his thumb in, coating the digit with her wetness. Immediately an intense need to sink his cock into her arose. To feel the jute abrading them as he fucked her past rope subspace into unsurpassed orgasmic bliss.

With renewed anticipation, he dragged his thumb up the pink flesh exposed by his ropes. He teased her swollen clit with a light touch, denying her an orgasm and denying himself even a quick taste of her sweetness.

Ronin snagged another coil of rope and tied it off, beginning the diamond pattern down her left leg. His fingers flew with confident strokes. After finishing, he scrutinized the work. Not his greatest results. It showed when he didn't take care with the tying.

No, it shows that you haven't been practicing as you need to. Keeping up with your rope work is muscle memory and as important as any martial arts training.

While he knew there was no such thing as perfection, striving for it had always been his goal. His cheeks heated as the flaws in his technique leapt out at him. Flaws not in the canvas but with the painter.

He further studied his design. His finger traced each wrap on the front side of her body. Then he moved in behind her. With the uneven rope spacing and the odd placement of the bamboo stick, this binding screamed "amateur." Now he was relieved there wouldn't be photographic evidence of his less-than-stellar rope work.

Is this session about you? Or about her? In your haste to complete the design have you forgotten the journey is as important as the end result?

As much as he hated having his rope master instructor's voice in his head during these intimate moments, the truth was he needed the reminders about the true goal of kinbaku-especially lately.

Fix it. Focus on her.

Ronin placed a kiss below her jaw, encouraging her to bare her throat to him. He maneuvered her upper body into a curve, and caressed her while he tied the last dangling rope from the rafter to the left side of the chest harness. "Stretch to the right. That's it. Let yourself go."

As usual, Amery looked spectacular bound-a heady mix of innocence and sensuality. But his vision wasn't complete. Something was missing.

The inside of his forearm brushed her neck as he reached around and pulled the chopsticks from her up-do.

Amery's gorgeous, strawberry-blond hair tumbled down in soft waves.

That was it. The last piece of the puzzle.

Ronin admired her. With his hands. With his mouth. With his words. "Stunning visage, baby. Thank you for this gift. The name of this binding is 'swaying cherry tree.' The bamboo rod supports the spine-the trunk. This curved position of your body denotes the natural arc of branches." Crushing a handful of her hair, he brought it to his lips before letting it fall. "The way your hair hangs symbolizes the long strands of blossoms on a weeping cherry tree."

Her chest rose and fell slowly as he wove another spell with his words.

"And these?" Ronin thrummed her nipples, the rigid points poking out between the strands of rope. "They bring to mind the new red buds, eagerly waiting to flower." He slid his palm down the center of her torso, loving how this angle accentuated her womanly curves. Gently stroking her clit, he dragged an openmouthed kiss from the hollow behind her ear down the slope of her neck. "And this"-he rubbed circles around that swollen flesh-"is the sweetest bud of all. Surrounded by soft pink petals. Emitting such a heavenly scent. And the sweet nectar that gathers here"-he dipped his finger into the cream-"draws me in like nothing else."

"Ronin. Please......"

He kissed her while he continued to caress her. Drawing out her pleasure. Her body quivered and he swallowed her escalating moans. He pulled back to whisper, "Come for me, baby," against her mouth.

And she did. Immediately. Beautifully. Holding herself rigid as she climaxed. Even in the aftermath, she held the pose, looking gorgeously spent.

Ronin freed her from the binding. The bamboo pole hit the patio deck with a loud clatter, making Amery jump. "It's okay. I've got you," he murmured against her nape as he undid the last section of the chest harness. He lifted her into his arms and she curled into him, her trust absolute.

He walked the garden path and laid her on the blanket he'd spread out.

Resting on his knees next to her hip, Ronin gathered a handful of cherry blossoms and sprinkled them above her. The pink-edged flowers floated down, landing on her chest and the smooth expanse of her belly.

"That tickles," she said with a smile.

He scattered another handful over her mound and between her thighs. "If you wiggle too much they'll slide off. Which would be a shame because you look lovely like this."

"Like what?"

"Like a lusty earth goddess covered in cherry blossoms."

"Ronin. Take the blindfold off. Please. I want to see."

Once the material cleared her forehead, she opened her eyes and pushed up onto her elbows.

She stared at the petals decorating her body and then glanced up to see they were beneath the cherry tree. A soft laugh tumbled from her.

"What?"

"And you tell me you're not romantic. This is perfect. You're perfect." She held out her hand. "Come here. I want to share this with you."

When he stood to take off his gi pants, he smacked his shoulder into the lowest tree branch, sending hundreds more petals floating down around her.

Ronin watched the scene play out in slow motion like an art-house film; snowy white petals highlighting the flush of passion on her skin, the satisfied tilt of her kiss-plumped lips, her hair spread out with moonlight glinting off it like rose gold.

But this wasn't a movie, or a dream montage. This woman was his. This life was his.

Another soft laugh sounded and for the first time tonight, he felt silly. Maybe he had gone too far over the top in setting a romantic scene. His gaze collided with hers.

But in the depths of her eyes he saw love and passion and gratitude.

He levered himself over her until they were skin to skin. Even the cherry-blossom scent couldn't compete with the sweet musk that was all Amery. "Hi."

"Hi, yourself." She slipped her arms around his neck. "Thank you. I really love this."

"What specifically do you really love?"

"This time away from our everyday lives. Just you and me. I didn't realize how much we needed it until we've had it the last week."

"Me too. But I want to warn you that the next three weeks won't be like this."

"So let's make tonight count. Since you've gone to all this trouble to form me into a swaying tree, then showering me with heavenly scented flower petals, and I'm pretty sure you plan to make love to me outside in the moonlight beneath the cherry blossom tree."

"You are right. But first, I need this." Ronin pushed back onto his haunches and scooped her ass into his hands. He lowered his head at the same time he lifted her sex, opening his mouth wide over her succulent flesh.

He painted her clit with fast lashes of his wet tongue until he felt her clit swelling. He relentlessly pursued her orgasm until that moment she gave it up to him with a sexy cry. The way her back bowed off the blanket kicked in his primal hunger as he greedily sucked down her sweet nectar.

After she stopped writhing against his face, he shifted into the cradle of her thighs and fed his cock into her hot, snug walls. Gritting his teeth against his natural instinct to rut on her like a beast beneath a full moon, he tried to slow himself from the intense pace he desired.

Then Amery's soft hands were running up his chest and she pulled him down on top of her. She threaded her fingers into his hair and held his face a breath away from hers. "I love you. Thank you for giving me the perfect night." She brushed her parted lips across his. "Make this last, Master Black. Show me that stamina you'll need in the next three weeks."

Three times he built them up to the tipping point and backed off at the last second. Falling petals stuck to their sweat-soaked skin when he drove them to the edge and at last let them spiral into the void together.

As they indulged in kisses and caresses in the afterglow, Amery said, "What number was that?"

He laughed. "I lost track after twenty."

Chapter Four

Amery missed her friends.

She missed going to the office every day.

She missed being able to drive wherever she wanted.

She missed junk food.

She even missed the dirty sweat-sock smell of the dojo.

But mostly she missed her husband. Which was ironic because of all the things she missed, he was the only thing that was close by.

They'd been in the village outside of Sapporo for two and a half weeks now. The house Ronin had rented for them was in a secluded spot. The people in the village were friendly enough she supposed-not that she could converse with any of them since the locals didn't speak English and she didn't speak Japanese.

The first day they'd arrived, Ronin had shown her around. Given her detailed instructions on where to go and not to go. The second day, she'd been on her own. As well as the third day. And every day after that.

Initially she'd hoped Ronin had exaggerated his training schedule, but if anything it was more demanding than she'd expected. On the first day of training, Ronin had returned a different man. And as the days rolled on, he pulled deeper inside himself and further away from her.

Part of his withdrawal, she knew, was from exhaustion. Even after being on medical restrictions for half a year, the man was still a specimen of physical perfection with his lean, muscular body because he challenged himself daily to remain in top condition. The fact he was so worn down every night that he could barely keep his eyes open through dinner indicated how rigorous this training regimen was.

It wasn't like he didn't warn you that it'd be like this.

Although she'd had a restless night of sleep, she got up when Ronin got up. He'd been gone an hour by now and she'd done nothing but drink a pot of coffee, and brood while gazing out the window at the mountain she could only admire from afar.

Tired of moping, Amery called her office in Denver. It took some time before the connection went through and the line began to ring.

"Hardwick Designs, this is Molly."

"You sound chipper. Is it because your workday is almost over?"

"Amery! I was just thinking about you and missing you, you jerk."

"Missing me? Sounds like you were cursing me."

"Maybe a little." Molly paused. "Good god, woman, what time is it there?"

"Seven in the morning. Tomorrow."

"Why would you get up that early when you're on vacation?"

"I'm not really on vacation." She paused. "But Ronin has to get up ... so then I'm up."

"Sounds ... challenging. Are you okay?"

"Yeah. No. Maybe." She sighed. "I don't know what I'm doing here right now, Mol." Hearing the squeak of Molly's office chair, she had a serious wave of homesickness.

"Hang on." Footsteps, then, "Hey, Presley, you wanna get us some snacks? Great. Thanks." Another pause. "Okay. Now I can talk. What's going on?"

"I'm at loose ends. We've been in Japan for three and a half weeks. The first week was amazing. These last few weeks have sucked ass. So when I think about spending the next five weeks bouncing around, I want to jump on the next flight home."

"Because you're bored?"

"I don't know if it's boredom. Since I haven't taken a break from working since I graduated from college, I don't know what to do with myself when I don't have a regimented schedule. I've exhausted all of my options already. I've taken a bazillion pictures. I've wandered around the village-which takes like four minutes. A tutor comes twice a week to teach me Japanese and I've mastered oh, maybe ten more words. I've caught up on all the industry magazines and articles that I brought along for reading. I've even managed to finish a few books on my ereader. I practice yoga for an hour every day. I cook dinner for Ronin every night."

"And?"

Amery walked over to the pot for a refill. "And I hear myself sounding like a fucking whiner and I want to kick my own ass. For christsake, I'm in one of the most beautiful places I've ever been and I'm-"

"Lonely," Molly finished softly.

"Yeah, I am. But I knew going into this trip that I'd be spending a bunch of time by myself. I didn't think it would be an issue. I've never minded doing things alone. It's not like Ronin and I are joined at the hip when we're at home."

"But if you were at home you'd call up your friends to hang out, or you'd work in the office, or you'd pound the pavement drumming up more business. You can't do any of that there."

"True."

"Have you said anything to Ronin about how you're feeling?"

She'd imagined the conversation a half a dozen times but it always ended badly, with her coming across like a fishwife. Anytime she'd asked him if he was pushing himself too much he gave her that hard stare that indicated the topic was not up for discussion.

"Amery?"

"No. He's preoccupied with training. It seems like a bitchy thing to bring up, especially since we're flying to the Ryukyu Islands in a few days. So I'll suck it up. I just needed to vent and you're lucky enough to be on my speed dial." She sipped her coffee. "What's new at the office?"

"Just the usual. Kinky, corny, kitschy, classy projects that showcase our diverse graphic art abilities."

"Kinky? Do tell what dirty things you've been doing."

Molly snorted. "Nice deflection. Is having a predisposition for kink a prerequisite when you get involved with the guys at Black Arts?"

"What makes you say that?"

"I overheard Deacon and Knox arguing about some place called Twisted, and I don't think it's a strip club because Shiori's name came up. Then there are the covers you did for Cherry Starr. After you started seeing Ronin you just happened to know someone who's into rope bondage? And they just happened to allow you to do a photo shoot with them? Bull. I think we both know who's really on those covers."

"Are you trying to tell me those types of projects bother you?"

"No, I'm trying to tell you that I'm not some little innocent you need to protect. By you, I mean the whole kinky crew at Black Arts. Feel free to pass that along."

Amery grinned. About damn time her friend came out of her shell. "So noted. Did you finish the Archer project I emailed you about?"

"We're still working on it. I told Presley it was okay to use stock photos, because when she puts the finishing touches on them they don't look stock."

At first Amery had been wary about interviewing Presley Quinn since Molly had met her at a roller derby match-up. But after seeing the woman's portfolio, she'd hired her on the spot. Presley had mad artistic skills across the board-even if she looked a hot mess; tats and piercings and her thrift-store-Goth-meets-Bettie-Page clothing. But she fit in personality wise with her and Molly, plus she brought a fresh perspective, which had proved good for business.

"We miss you, Amery, but things are going well here, so try to enjoy yourself there. Talk to Ronin. Things always go to hell between you two when you're giving each other space and being all polite and shit. Oops. The other line is ringing. I've gotta go."

***

Later in the morning Amery wandered down to the village. After growing up with supermarkets that carried everything a customer could want, the simplicity of the food choices surprised her. She suspected this was where Ronin had picked up his good dietary habits. There wasn't much room in their small refrigerator and freezer, so she had to shop every other day. On tonight's menu was miso soup and steamed bluefin tuna on red quinoa with fresh vegetables. Amery paid careful attention to make sure Ronin ate enough protein and complex carbohydrates since his body burned so many calories during his fourteen-hour training sessions.

Ronin came home that evening at eight thirty. He'd gotten into a routine. First, he kissed her hello and headed to their bedroom to shower. Then they sat down to dinner. After dinner, while she washed the dishes, he tossed his sweat-soaked gi in the washer. Then he adjourned to the onsen-the natural hot spring down by the creek. The water was almost too hot for her, but soaking in the mineral-rich water did wonders for Ronin's aching muscles.

He kissed her as he passed her in the kitchen on his way outside.

Annoyed by Ronin's distraction-the man had barely said two words since he'd walked through the door-Amery poured herself another glass of sake. She'd grown to like it, but only the high-end stuff Ronin bought. No sake equivalent of box wine for him.

He'd left the door open to the deck, which meant he expected her to follow him.

Feeling contrary, she wandered over and closed the door before she stretched out on the couch to watch TV. Not that she could follow any of the shows since all two hundred channels were in Japanese.

Maybe five minutes passed before Ronin opened the door and stepped inside. "Amery? Aren't you coming out?"

She kept her gaze glued to the TV-hard as it was when her husband was freakin' naked. "Nope."

"Why not?"

She shrugged.

"Baby, can you look at me, please?"

She glanced over her shoulder, then craned her neck to peer around the room divider before meeting his gaze. "Oh. You're talking to me?"

"Who else would I be talking to?"

"Gosh, I don't know because those are about the first words you've spoken to me since you got home over an hour ago. So I'll pass on joining you and let you do your little soaking thingy alone. I know my chattering disturbs your reflective time." Amery flicked her focus back to the screen and drained her sake.

The next thing she knew Ronin was in her face, his hands braced on the back of the couch. "Get in the onsen or I'll toss you in. Your choice."

"At least if you tossed me in your hands would be on me," she grumbled.

"How much sake have you had?"

"Not enough, since I'll be having another glass while I'm out there." She ducked under his arm. "Yeah, yeah, I know, put it in a plastic cup."

Ronin spun her around and kissed her with enough patience and passion to cool her temper down and heat her body up.

Damn him.

When he finally released her mouth, his erection poked into her belly. He murmured, "Don't be long," and nuzzled her cheek before walking away.

Amery eyeballed that amazing ass of his as he meandered out the door. Then she ditched her clothes where she stood. She dumped more sake into a plastic tumbler and headed outside.

The cold air hit her naked skin and she shivered as she walked across the wooden plank. Steam billowed up from the rock-lined pool so she had to blink several times to make sure Ronin was really in there. The man could be as stealthy as a ninja.

She slowly entered the onsen, letting the hot water engulf her a little at a time. Thankfully this property had a private onsen because she couldn't grasp the Japanese concept of public bathing with strangers.

Ronin's hooded gaze remained on her body until she was submerged up to her neck. "Come here and sit by me."

"I'm fine across from you."

"Come. Here."

"Bossy much?"

"Like that's a surprise."

"No funny business in the sacred onsen," she reminded him as she crossed the smooth-bottomed surface.

"What gave you the impression this was a sacred space?" he asked, reaching for her and settling her on his lap, her back to his chest.

"You don't talk much when we're out here. I figured it made this some sacred-water Zen-type place."

His soft laughter drifted across her bare shoulder.

Amery closed her eyes. When was the last time she'd heard him laugh? Right. Two and a half weeks ago in Kyoto. "So you're just quiet when you're out here because you're tired from training?"

Ronin's arm tightened against her midsection. "Partially."

She sipped her sake, waiting, wondering if he'd open up to her. Deciding if he didn't do it willingly she needed to push him.

"Maybe I am reflective when I'm out here. I try to listen to what my body is telling me and shut down the voices in my head."

"Whose voices?"

His lips brushed her shoulder. "Not yours. The hottest thing in my world is hearing your voice in my ear when I'm inside you, because it echoes inside me, filling the spaces that belong only to you."

"That's sweet, but it still doesn't tell me whose voice is making you draw into yourself and away from me." The way the water swirled across her skin as his fingers lightly stroked her stomach caused her belly to ripple.

"Daichi," he said softly. "His voice is in my head."

"Even when you're not training with him?" She wanted to ask if this was the norm. If Ronin's sensei's words were so powerful they haunted him after the sessions ended.

"When I'm training it's physical and mental. I'm focused on the technique and how it relates to the philosophy. After the session ends, Sensei critiques my training efforts. I've been working with Master Daichi so long that I'm immune to his harsher criticisms. But this time ..."

"What?"

"I don't want to sound like a fucking pussy, but this session feels less focused on my technical errors and more critical of my personal struggles and choices."

"Master Daichi is giving you the smackdown for getting sucked into the underground fighting world?"

"Some. And he's right. Those were impulsive decisions that affected people other than my stupid self."

"So he's pissed that you had three concussions and had to wait for medical clearance before you could come here to train?" she said sharply.

"Sounds ridiculous when you put it like that. But yeah. He's not happy with me."

"But he's pushing you to the absolute limit anyway, knowing that you've been on medical restrictions? Does he even care that his training demands might be further injuring you?"

"In his mind as long as I've been medically cleared there's no reason to take it easy on me."

Amery counted to twenty. Then thirty. She had to temper her reaction because she knew how much Ronin respected his sensei and he'd excuse his mentor's behavior.

"Say something."

"It hurts me to see you like this, Ronin. Withdrawn, exhausted, defensive. Master Daichi may know you as a fearless jujitsu master, but he didn't see you struggling to define yourself as more than just that when you were on medical restrictions."

"That's part of his issue. He's says I'm too distracted to train properly." He rubbed his cheek on the back of her head. "Sensei is convinced I've lost my edge because I'm-"

"Married?" she snapped.

"No, baby. He claims I'm distracted because I'm happy."

Amery angled her head to gape at him, knowing her mouth hung open in shock.

"He's right. I am happy. He'll be waiting a long damn time if he expects me to apologize for that." He closed his eyes. "He just seems ... older. Some of the shit he spews makes me wonder if he's going senile. One moment he mocks me, accusing me of getting soft and complacent; in the next moment he's praising me as how the 'old' Ronin would've done it. Nothing I do pleases him. So I end up reworking techniques I've had mastered for years instead of him teaching me new ones."

"I don't suppose you can have a rational discussion with him about this?"

"In the past, after we've been out of the formal training session, we'd talk. These past two and a half weeks he just drills me from dawn to dusk. Then he tells me to go home, sleep in my soft bed, next to your soft body and reflect on why I'm no longer the hard man he'd trained me to be."

Again, she had to temper her response. "Oh, sweetheart. That is awful. It sounds to me as if he's feeling sorry for himself for spending his life alone."

"You may be right." Ronin maneuvered her around until they were face-to-face. He teased her lips with his. A nibble. A lick. A feather-light brush of mouth on mouth. "Take a drink of your sake."

"I thought we were talking?"

"We're done. And I feel a whole lot better, baby. Now take a drink."

She tipped the rest of her drink into her mouth. Before she could swallow, Ronin fit his lips over hers and sucked the rice wine into his mouth.

"Mmm," he said as he swallowed it down. Then his smile broke the seal of their kiss. "I like sake better when it's warm and it's so much sweeter when I drink it from you."

"Ronin-"

He cut her off with a kiss and then pressed his forehead to hers. "I'm sorry I've been distant."

She breathed a sigh of relief that her pushing him to talk hadn't pushed him away. "Thanks for talking to me about what's going on. Even if it did take you two weeks."

"I'll do better next time."

"You'd better."

He dropped his hand into the water and moved her arm out of his way. "I've missed touching you."

"What a coincidence," she murmured, "I've missed you touching me too."

His hand followed the outside curve of her body to her hip. "Let's do something about that."

"Right here in the sacred onsen?" she teased.

"I need to be up in that sacred pussy, baby, so straddle me on your knees and prop your hands on the ledge behind me."

There was her take-charge man. His words sent her heart racing. Her blood pumping. The extra blast of heat in her body owed nothing to the steamy water surrounding them.

Ronin grabbed a handful of her hair and pulled her head back, baring her throat to his greedy mouth. He licked the water from her skin. He bit the cords straining the side of her neck until she moaned. "I missed hearing those sexy little fucking noises when my mouth and my hands are on you."

While his lips and tongue and teeth worked her into a writhing mass of need, his other hand gently stroked her breasts, then tweaked her nipples. His fingers glided down her belly over her mound.

One maddening fingertip circled her clit. The man had mastered her body, knowing precisely how to rev her up in no time. Pushing his long finger in and out of her channel, he teased her G-spot while he worked her clit with his thumb. "You always heat up so fast."

"Wait," she panted. "I want to come when you're inside me."

"Come for me first, baby. You always come first."

How well she knew that.

"Did you touch yourself this week when I wasn't around?"

"No. Please, Ronin-"

"You like this," he murmured. "But you love this." He did that slide-slide-slap maneuver with his thumb on her clit. It only took four sets and she lost it.

He whispered sweet, filthy things in her ear as she pulsed and creamed around his finger.

Then he made space between his legs, widening her knees until they were groin to groin. His hair tickled her chest as he kissed her collarbone.

Amery's hand circled his cock. "Sensei Daichi is mistaken. There's nothing soft about you, Master. Black." She lowered onto his shaft, and let his hiss of satisfaction reverberate through her.

"Has it been a year since we last did this?" He cupped her ass and rocked his hips.

"Just a week."

"Goddamn, you feel good. Every time. Whether it's been a week since I fucked you or five minutes."

She put enough space between them so he could watch her tits bounce as she rode him harder.

"Not gonna last," he warned. "This all just hit me in my happy place and I'm too exhausted to hold off."

She rubbed her lips down the shell of his ear and gently blew inside. "I love that my sacred pussy is your happy place." She stopped plunging his hard cock in and out and ground her pubic bone against him. "Kiss my neck."

His warm lips glided across her wet skin, making her shiver. Her entire body trembled when he latched on to that secret spot that sent her soaring.

Amery arched even farther as she thrust forward. The orgasm sideswiped her with tiny, powerful pulses that milked Ronin's cock and set him off. They barely moved in the heated water, letting the synchronicity of their bodies take over.

After she opened her eyes, she noticed the banks of fog. "I think we heated up the air and the water several degrees."

"Either that or it's a temperature inversion."

"Spoilsport. I think we oughta do that again so I can prove I'm right."

He sighed. "As much as I'd love to stay out here all night and fuck you until you scream, if I don't move soon I won't be able to move."

"You are too solid for me to heft in the house."

As she separated their bodies, he squeezed her ass. "I wouldn't be much of a man if I let you even try to carry me."

Amery stood and held out her hands. "But you can lean on me if you need to."

Ronin let her help him out. "I know."

Her eyes searched his. "Do you?"

"Yeah." He framed her face in his hands. Then he gave her that wicked, wicked grin. "But you can give me a reminder like that anytime."

Chapter Five

Amery told herself it was natural to be nervous.

She held the platter of muffins as she started up the long path to the front door. Ronin hadn't been clear on whether the place where he trained was Sensei Daichi's home, or a training facility.

The place was certainly off the beaten path. Trees arched in a canopy over the walkway. A barrier of thorny bushes lined either side of the structure-nature's way of saying KEEP OUT. The door itself was imposing; heavy iron strips crisscrossing the distressed wood. As far as she could tell there wasn't a handle anywhere.

Then how the devil did anyone get in?

She lifted the heavy knocker and banged it into the rusted metal plate.

The door creaked open and an older Japanese man stood in the doorway. He bowed to her. "Welcome, Amery Black."

"How'd you know who I am?"

"Ronin-san sent photos from your wedding."

"Oh."

He gestured for her to come inside.

"Thank you." Amery stepped onto the mat and immediately kicked off her shoes. "Forgive me for asking, but are you Master Daichi?"

The man barked out a laugh. "No. Master Daichi doesn't answer the door since he prefers no visitors. I am Yasuji. I live here and I'm delighted with visitors. Especially beautiful ones."

Amery blushed. "Thank you. Your English is very good."

"I spend more time with English speakers than Daichi."

"It shows, Mr. Yasuji."

"Not Mr. Yasuji. Just Yasuji."

"Okay." She handed Yasuji the platter. "These are chocolate chip muffins."

"Thank you. Would you like tea?"

Tea? Crap. Protocol for a formal tea ceremony was one thing she hadn't studied. Since Ronin loathed tea she assumed it wouldn't be a possibility. "Ah, sure. But I don't want you to go to any trouble."

He smiled. "Do you share Ronin's dislike of tea?"

"No, sir."

"Then I will prepare it for us."

Left alone in the foyer, she wasn't sure if she should follow. Offering to help him would be an insult. Wouldn't it?

Maybe not.

Yasuji didn't seem surprised to see her enter the kitchen. He gestured for her to be seated at the low table in the corner. After she'd settled on the cushion on her knees, Yasuji brought over the tea service. He poured the pale brown liquid into two delicate teacups.

"This is wonderful. Such an unexpected treat."

"For me also. We have few visitors this time of year." He slipped three small squares-a lemon bar, a date-filled pastry, and a marshmallow cookie on each of the two plates, pushing one toward her. "The older Daichi gets, the more he turns into a ..." He tapped his lips as if searching for the right word. "Troll?"

Amery managed not to choke on her tea. "You mean a hermit. Someone who doesn't leave the house."

"Yes, a hermit."

Yasuji used chopsticks to pick up a morsel and popped it in his mouth.

Her chopsticks skills had improved since she'd married Ronin. She chose the marshmallow cookie. It wasn't as sweet as American desserts but it was still tasty.

"So are you here to visit Ronin?"

"I assume there's a 'no observation' rule here as it's a rule my husband has implemented at his dojo."

"That is not an answer," Yasuji chided with humor.

"Yes, since it's the last day of this first training session, I hoped to watch him so I have some idea of what he's been doing these last three weeks."

"Ronin doesn't tell you?"

Amery snorted. "Are you kidding? He never divulges his secret ninja stuff. Not that I haven't asked." She sent him a sly look. "Or tried to get a sneak peek."

"You get in trouble for breaking the dojo rules in America," he guessed.

"Once in a while. Gotta keep Master Black on his toes. Besides, his punishment for breaking his rules can be very creative." Amery froze. Had she really just blurted that out?

Yasuji laughed-a real gut-buster. "Ah, Amery-san. You are the perfect match for Hachidan. A woman who challenges him."

"He challenges me too. He has from the moment we met."

His dark brown eyes twinkled. "Shall we break some rules and watch him train?"

"Is this a trick question?"

"No. I've been interested to see what torture my brother has been putting him through."

She hadn't seen that one coming. "Master Daichi is your brother?"

"Older," he clarified. "I moved in with him after my wife died. She's been gone ten years. It seems like ten lifetimes." He pushed up from the table. "Come. Let's adjourn to the training center." He pointed to the door. "You'll need your shoes."

They exited into a gorgeous Zen garden-the largest private one she'd seen. How tempted she was to sink into the moss beneath the flowering trees and drink in the serenity. As they crossed the pebbled path, she noticed many of the trees had been trimmed to bonsai. "This space is astounding."

"This is part of the reason I came back here. My wife, Rikya, designed this." Yasuji pointed to a structure within a grove of trees. "Here we are."

On the outside the training center looked like a small shrine. As soon as she stepped inside, her jaw dropped. The two-story room was eight-sided. Pegs, ropes, spikes, and hooks were scattered at random intervals from the floor to the ceiling. Modern sparring mats covered the floor.

In the center of the room, two enormous pieces of wood, at least a foot in diameter, were braced on the floor and rose up twenty feet. A thick beam separated the two pieces at the top. Gouged into the backside, every twelve inches, were steel brackets that stuck out three or four inches.

Just as she turned to ask Yasuji what it was, voices echoed to them from a hallway off to the left. She recognized Ronin's voice, although his inflections were different when he spoke Japanese.

Before she could call out, Yasuji pulled her behind a spiked tree and put his fingers to his lips.

As always, her heart beat a little harder at seeing her husband. And she really, really loved seeing him like this, in full-on Master Black mode.

Ronin's hair had been pulled back into a samurai ponytail; secured high at the back of his head, but leaving longer sections of hair beneath. He wore a white gi, no patches or ornamentation. No belt. He clutched a metal rod in one hand and a towel in the other.

Then her gaze moved to the man speaking to Ronin.

Master Daichi looked-there wasn't a PC way to say it-ancient. He wore a black gi top that had faded to the same dull gray as his hair. His pants were wide; the fabric bagged around his legs. His black belt wasn't simple, but heavily adorned.

Speaking in a taunting, singsongy tone, he gestured to Ronin, then to the apparatus in front of them and snatched the towel from Ronin's hand.

Ronin swung the steel metal bar around like a staff, circling Master Daichi, keeping the rod in constant motion as he crouched and jumped. Twisting and turning his body one way, letting the rod function as a third arm. When he swung, air whistled through the metal. She held her breath as each strike came closer to Sensei's head.

But Master Daichi didn't flinch. Or blink. Or close his eyes. He remained statue-still.

On the next swing, Ronin sliced down like he held a katana. Sensei used the towel to trap Ronin's leg. In a nanosecond Master Daichi had Ronin immobilized on the floor with the rod pressed against Ronin's face.

Holy. Shit.

One time Deacon had done a move on her like that.

Did it embarrass Ronin as much as it'd embarrassed her?

Ronin stayed still as his teacher delivered a lecture. Then he offered a hand and helped Ronin to his feet. He handed him the metal rod.

She pointed to the wooden tower that Ronin had moved to stand in front of and whispered, "What is that?" to Yasuji.

"It's called the salmon ladder. Haven't you ever seen one?"

She shook her head.

"They're popular in those ninja warrior competitions on TV. Almost all of those obstacle-course challenges were taken from advanced martial arts training exercises."

"Are you upset your ninja training secret has been revealed and used for entertainment?"

Yasuji offered her a contemplative look. "Everything becomes entertainment in this day and age. We use the exercise differently-not just to showcase strength but to condition the mental response. We don't see it as an obstacle to overcome once but one to master."

"So just because someone can climb to the top of the salmon ladder doesn't mean they've mastered that skill."

"Precisely. But watch Ronin-san. He's not allowed just to climb it. Daichi will tell him how he wants him to climb it."

Ronin held the steel bar out and jumped. The bar connected with the fourth set of grooves. He hung there, waiting for instruction.

Master Daichi barked an order and Ronin pulled the bar out of the slots and threw it-and himself-up to the next level.

Oh. My. Fucking. God. She had to clamp her hand over her mouth to keep from gasping. That had to be the sexiest thing she'd ever seen. The power of his body as he worked his way to the top of the structure. Then he dangled there, waiting.

Daichi said, "Daun."

Wait. Did he say ... down?

Sure enough, Ronin reversed the action and dropped down the ladder.

One.

Set.

Of rungs.

At a time.

Holy fuck.

Amery had seen Master Black do some very impressive things. She'd watched him fight and teach and bind and fuck. But this?

This was pure power. Pure beauty. Pure skill.

Pure sex holding on to a metal stick.

His body shook and she heard his labored breathing as he reached the bottom rung. But he paused. That, too, was sexy-Master Black's deferment to Master Daichi. In a lesser man that obedience might've put him in a different light. But witnessing a powerful man such as Ronin relinquishing his role as teacher and becoming a rapt student sent goose bumps cascading throughout her body.

Daichi said, "Nugu."

What did that mean?

Ronin let go of the bar with his right hand and his gi top slid off his left shoulder and arm. He wiped his free hand on his gi pants and then switched arms, shrugging out of his gi entirely. After wiping his right palm on his pants, both hands returned to the bar.

If nugu meant get undressed she wondered why she hadn't heard Ronin say it to her.

The muscles in his back rippled, each sharp cut of flesh accentuating the sinew beneath his skin. His arms, those arms that held her every night, were corded and gleaming with sweat. Even with as many times as she'd seen her husband's body, from this angle with this exercise, she had a whole new appreciation for his spectacular form.

That man is mine.

Then Master Daichi snapped, "Mata."

Mata. That wasn't stop-yamete meant "stop." Amery looked at Yasuji with confusion and whispered, "What does mata mean?"

"Again."

No way.

Ronin threw the metal bar up.

Holy fucking shit. Seeing him do this whole routine again with his shirt off? She almost came on the spot. Her body clenched-teeth, hands, stomach, pussy, and thighs. She couldn't breathe. All she could do was stare. And lust after the beautiful man she'd married.

When Ronin reached the bottom rung again, he still didn't dismount. Master Daichi circled him. Then she heard three sharp whacks and realized Sensei had hit Ronin on the front side of his body with his belt. He leisurely strolled around behind Ronin and grabbed a long pole that was out of Ronin's line of vision. Before she could figure out what the sadistic bastard intended, the man smacked Ronin's knuckles. Hard. Twice on each hand.

She expected to see Ronin hit the floor.

It wasn't that she didn't have faith in him, but he was exhausted and hanging on by a thread. It'd be a natural reaction to let go.

But not Master Black. He didn't even flinch. Not even after four more hard raps on his knuckles.

Finally Master Daichi poked Ronin between the shoulder blades with the bamboo pole.

Ronin dismounted and stood very still, head bowed, arms behind his back military-style. But he couldn't stop his shoulders from heaving as he struggled to find his balance and his breath.

It took every ounce of willpower Amery owned not to go to him. Not to snag the towel from the floor, drop to her knees, and tend to her man.

Yasuji cleared his throat.

Ronin didn't move but his sensei peered over Ronin's shoulder at his brother. His mouth snapped shut when he saw Amery.

That's when Ronin turned. His eyes locked on to hers. He said nothing. Daichi said nothing. Tension thickened the air.

Then Amery gave him a little finger wave.

Yasuji laughed. "Excuse me, Ronin-san. I need to speak with my brother and we'll give you a few moments with your wife."

Master Daichi and Ronin bowed to each other and then Yasuji flanked the older man as they disappeared down a corridor.

Amery picked up the towel and stood close enough to dab the sweat from Ronin's chest. "I hope you don't mind that I showed up here. The suspense of where you'd been every day and what you've been doing was killing me." She swept the towel across his shoulders, unable to keep her eyes from tracking the bulked-up state of his traps. "After I dropped off the muffins I'd baked, Yasuji insisted we visit the training center, even when I figured the 'no observation' rule was always in effect here." She patted down his biceps and forearms. "So we stayed in the back and watched and ..."

Ronin's entire body quivered from the tension he'd placed on all his muscles.

The towel fluttered from her fingertips. She placed her palm over his heart and curled her other hand around the back of his neck. Then she leaned in and pressed a soft kiss to where his pulse hammered in his throat. "I can't do this."

"Do what?" he asked softly.

"Play it cool. Act like seeing your hard-toned body with your hard-assed nature doesn't affect me."

"Affect you besides the way you're babbling?"

She nodded.

"Tell me."

Her fingers dug into his chiseled pectoral.

"Amery."

"I want to drop to my knees and touch, stroke, lick, and suck every square inch of this body, over and over, until you fully understand what it means to be worshiped. Because I worship you, Ronin Black. You are the most magnificent man I've ever seen. The most amazing man I've ever met."

He remained quiet for a long moment. "Baby. Your words honor me on a day I've had little praise. So thank you."

"Are you done for today?"

"Close. Why?"

Amery's gaze collided with his. "Because I want you. Just like this. Hot, sweaty, your muscles quivering from exertion and that fierce look on your face."

Ronin uncurled her hand from the back of his neck and kissed her knuckles. "Anytime you want me you can have me."

"But?"

He released a heavy sigh. "But I'm not in the right headspace now."

"Oh." She tried not to deflate.

"That's why I am the way I am when I come home after training. It's ... physically demanding and a total mindfuck. It takes me a while to let go."

"Are you sorry I came?"

"Never." He kissed her knuckles again. "I want Master Daichi to meet you."

"He doesn't look like he'll be as nice as his brother."

"Master Yasuji can be ten times harder than Sensei when he puts his mind to it."

"He's also a jujitsu master?"

Ronin gave her an odd look. "No. Didn't he tell you who he is?"

"No. At first when he served me cookies and tea I thought he might be the butler."

He laughed. "I cannot wait to tell him that. Yasuji is bakushi."

She frowned. Where had she heard that term?

"He's Japan's most renowned kinbaku and shibari rope master. He's been my instructor since I was eighteen. He's the sole reason I was selected to train with Master Daichi."

"Yasuji is the one who taught you all of your rope tricks?"

From behind them, Yasuji said, "Only the good ones. The boy has a lot to learn yet."

Amery spun around. "I apologize if I've offended you by my ignorance of your stature."

"I'll admit it was refreshing to meet you, knowing more about you than you know about me."

Of course Ronin had told his teacher all about her.

For the first time it didn't bother her that a stranger knew she enjoyed sensual rope play with her husband. She smiled. "Well, I'm a recent rope enthusiast-strictly from the tie-ee's perspective. I look forward to Ronin practicing the new rope tricks he's learned from you on me."

Ronin muttered, "Jesus."

Yasuji laughed. "Yes, Amery-san, you are definitely the woman that'll keep Master Black on his toes for the next fifty years."

"If I could be so lucky to have her beside me for that long." Ronin wrapped his arm around her, facing her toward his teacher. He introduced her to his sensei in Japanese.

Master Daichi bowed stiffly.

After she returned his bow, Amery remembered the Japanese phrase Ronin had taught her that she was honored to meet him.

Sensei Daichi didn't seem impressed. Then he motioned Ronin aside.

Amery watched closely, wondering if Ronin was getting his ass chewed for his wife showing up.

Yasuji stepped in front of her. "You're protective of him."

"Someone needs to be."

"My Rikya used to go head to head with my brother."

"Did she win?"

"Yes. She was a very determined woman. In all things."

Her gaze moved to Yasuji. "Was your wife ... one of your rope models?"

"She was my only rope model. She did not like my hands on other women."

"I'm the same way with Ronin. Did she help you do kinbaku demonstrations?"

"Yes. Not with much enthusiasm at first, I'm afraid."

"I understand that. I still ..." She hesitated. What if Ronin hadn't told his teacher that his wife had issues with public bindings? Maybe Ronin would be embarrassed if Yasuji knew he hadn't done any rope demonstrations for months.

"I will answer every question I see in your eyes, Amery-san. Please come visit me when Ronin returns to training."

"I'd like that."

Ronin draped his arm over her shoulder. "Quit trying to talk her into being your rope model, old man. She belongs to me."

Yasuji's gaze dropped to the white scar tissue on Ronin's arm that was her name in kanji. "I see that. So you're taking your wife ... ?"

"To Iriomote."

"So far?"

"So private," Ronin said with a grin. "It is week two of our honeymoon."

"How far away is it?" Amery asked.

"Below Okinawa," Ronin said. "It's a long haul but Ojisan's plane is picking us up in Sapporo tonight. We'll be on the ferry to the island tomorrow morning."

"I wish you safe travels."

Amery faced Ronin after Yasuji walked away. "We're leaving tonight? But I'm not packed."

"Yes you are. There's a suitcase on the plane with swimsuits and summer clothes for both of us."

"But ... how do you know my size?"

"You're really asking me that with all the times I've had my hands on you?"

"Point taken."

"Besides, if I have my way, you won't be wearing anything at all for the next six days but a suntan."

Amery kissed him. "You have the best ideas."

Chapter Six

After their idyllic week in the tropics, they'd returned to training camp so Ronin could finish his final session. The last two weeks had flown by and now she was faced with spending an entire week apart from her husband.

"Baby, you're killing me here."

"I don't want to say good-bye." Amery pressed her lips together to keep them from trembling.

Ronin's soft lips brushed her hairline. "I'll make it up to you when I get to Tokyo."

"How?"

"Find something you want to do, someplace you want to go, and I'll take you there, no questions asked. Just the two of us."

"I'll miss you like crazy. Don't work yourself into a coma." She sighed against his neck. "But you'll do whatever Master Daichi wants."

"Amery-"

"It is my right as your wife to worry about you."

"I love you, baby. So much."

"I love you too."

The door blew open and Tamara Okada strode toward them.

She held out her hands to her son.

Ronin kissed her cheeks and gave her a quick hug. "Mother. You look amazing as always."

"And you, my son, look exhausted." She faced Amery, offering her the same kiss, kiss, hug greeting. "Amery, you look beautiful as ever."

"As do you, Tamara."

"Thank you." Her gaze bounced between them. "Have you two said your good-byes so Amery and I can take off?"

"Yes, we have. You're planning on three days for the Okada factories tour?" Ronin asked.

"Yes. But it'll be four days before we're in Tokyo."

"I plan on showing my wife all my favorite spots there, so don't steal my thunder, Mom."

"I wouldn't dream of it. But you should know your grandfather will be back in Tokyo the day before you arrive, and he's requested I host a cocktail party for the newly married couple."

Amery watched Ronin's eyes harden. "Please tell me you refused."

"I did not. I think it's a great idea. So be prepared to suffer through your grandfather's pride in you as you introduce your wife to his friends and business associates," Tamara said dryly.

"Fine. But she doesn't meet Ojisan until I can introduce her to him, understood?"

"Of course."

"And one other thing." Ronin switched to Japanese.

Before he uttered more than five words, Amery poked him in the arm. "English, ninja. Especially if this concerns me."

Tamara smirked at her son. "Care to start again?"

"She'll want to shop and I pay for everything. I don't care if she wants to buy a potato peeler or an entirely new set of bedroom furniture for our apartment, it will come from my accounts."

"Ronin-"

Then he was in her face. "This is a nonnegotiable point, Amery. You are my wife. I provide for you, whether it is food, clothing, or home furnishings. Period." He paused and exhaled. "Don't deny me the pleasure of making sure you have everything you need, okay?"

When he put it that way, and added the puppy-dog eyes ... how could she refuse him? "Okay."

A man approached and spoke so rapidly that Amery couldn't make out one word. So much for her Japanese language lessons.

Tamara gestured to Amery's bags and they were whisked off to be loaded onto Okada's plane.

Ronin framed her face in his hands. "I hate we'll be out of contact for the next week. But I'll be in Tokyo before you know it."

She stood on tiptoe to press her mouth to his. "I'll miss you every moment. But I can't wait to get the inside scoop on Ronin as a boy from his mama."

Without breaking eye contact with Amery, Ronin said, "No embarrassing stories from my childhood, okay, Mom?"

Tamara laughed. "No promises about that, Ronin-san."

He groaned.

One more kiss, one more softly whispered I love you, and she forced herself to follow Tamara onto the tarmac.

***

It'd been a hellish week. No Amery. No respite in his training.

"Pay attention!" Master Daichi shouted. "Ten more."

Ronin's arms and legs were as limp as ramen. In all the years he'd trained with Daichi he'd never given up, never refused a command, never complained.

Evidently that was about to change.

He managed the spider crawl on the inside of "the box." Halfway down, his body just gave out and he fell the last eight feet. With his years of jujitsu training he'd learned to make safe falls, so nothing was hurt worse than his pride.

"Hachidan," Daichi barked. "Get up. Go again."

Ronin shook his head, sweat flying everywhere as he rolled to his knees. "I'm done in."

"You are done in when I say you're done in."

Grabbing a towel, he mopped his face. "Let me rest and regroup."

"That was not a request."

He heard the sharp crack at the same time he felt the sting of Master Daichi's belt connect with his quadriceps. He'd learned not to flinch over the years, but it'd been a long time since Sensei had employed his belt as a disciplinary measure.

When Ronin didn't react, he knew another lash was coming. But he was prepared. He focused on hearing that whisper of fabric on fabric. He'd have less than a split second to counter the strike.

At the barely perceptible shush of Daichi's sleeve brushing his pant leg, Ronin's arm shot out. He wrapped the towel in his hand around the belt, stopping the strike from landing.

Ronin glanced up to meet Master Daichi's surprised gaze. "Yes, Sensei, I pay attention. Even when you work me to exhaustion, mentally and physically, I'm learning from you."

Silence.

"And that is why you are his most respected student," Yasuji said from behind them.

Master Daichi harrumphed. But he didn't release his belt, nor did Ronin release the towel.

"Enough," Yasuji said. He untwisted the towel from around the belt, holding both in one hand. "Brother. Take a break. Allow Master Black to do the same."

Surprisingly, Daichi obeyed. He retreated in silence.

Yasuji pointed to a bottle of water on the low table. "For you."

Ronin cracked the cap and drained the bottle in four swallows. "Thanks."

After Ronin caught his balance and his breath, Yasuji said, "May I ask you a question?"

"Of course."

"What are you still doing here? When your lovely bride awaits you in Tokyo?"

"Finishing my required training. The final week is not to be filled with distractions, which is why my lovely bride isn't here."

"And what new things have you learned?"

Yasuji rarely questioned him like this and it caused Ronin to scroll back through the past five days' training exercises. He hadn't learned anything new; he'd just fine-tuned previous lessons. "I'm not sure I follow what you're after, Master Yasuji."

"My brother demanded you train with no distractions, which would lead me to believe he had new things to teach you. But you've not learned any deeper ties to meditation. You've not learned new offensive or defensive techniques. No new weapons have been introduced. So tell me again; why are you here?"

"Because Sensei demanded it," he said by rote.

In that moment, the wooden recitation of that statement and the wrongness of his blind obedience collided. He finally understood why his teacher had issued the demand; only to see if Ronin would obey it.

Goddammit.

His gaze zoomed to Yasuji. "You knew this additional training wasn't necessary but just another one of his mindfucks?"

"I'm surprised you didn't catch on before now."

"So all of this-the endless drills and never-ending physical challenges were for Daichi's amusement?"

"No. He is your sensei; he expects obedience from you above all else. But he's also a man, Ronin. An old man." He sighed. "As taxing as the challenges have been on you in the past year, the year has been just as bad on him."

I doubt it.

"Even after your recovery from injury you will continue to be in your prime for the next twenty-plus years. There's no longer anything more you can learn from him. He knows this. Part of him has feared reaching this point."

A hard knot formed in his belly. "Since when has he known this?"

"Since you arrived. You had to suspect this was your last training session with him." Yasuji's eyes searched Ronin's. "My brother will always be revered as the man who taught traditional Japanese jujitsu in its purest form. But the time has come for him to rest on his laurels and for you to move on."

Stunned, Ronin didn't know what to say.

"You, Ronin-san, are his proudest accomplishment. You've surpassed all the goals and expectations he had for you. He saw so much of himself in you. A loner who defied family expectations. A man who rose above mediocrity by sheer will and hard work. A pupil intent on mastering two different disciplines and succeeding. A true Master who defines himself as a teacher above all else." Yasuji paused. "While you will continue to be a great teacher and a leader for years to come, that one-dimensional description doesn't fit you anymore. You are also a husband."

"So because I married Amery he feels I'm somehow ... lesser?" Ronin said through clenched teeth.

"No man can understand the power of finding the woman who completes him unless he experiences it himself. I have. You have. Daichi has not. His first love is martial arts. He never needed a woman because he felt complete with his first and only love. And because he's trained you from a young age, he saw a kindred spirit within you."

Ronin slumped against the outer wall of the spider climb. "The last thing I'll ever regret is having a life with Amery. And not to be harsh, but I don't care if he's disappointed in me for that."

"He's disappointed in your need to fight past the point where you injure yourself. In all the years you trained with him, did you ever wonder why he never asked you how you'd earned the money to start your own dojo in America?"

"Because ignorance is easier."

Yasuji smiled. "Yes. You fought unknown opponents for money and other reasons he couldn't condone if he asked you outright."

"Well, it was a dirty little secret for me too."

"You don't miss it? The fighting?"

Ronin fidgeted.

"Be truthful in all things-but above all be honest with yourself," Yasuji advised.

Sometimes these proverbs Masters Daichi and Yasuji spouted off were fucking annoying. And unhelpful. Like he was supposed to be honest now and confess that he still dreamt of getting in the ring and beating the fuck out of someone? Right.

The only person he talked to about his need to prove his superiority in the ring was Deacon-because he was the only person who understood. "I'll admit I miss the physical challenge. Or thought I did until I got here and Sensei reinforced the idea that training should always be more rigorous and consistent than the random outcome of three, three-minute rounds."

"Agreed."

Ronin pushed off the wall. "Thank you, as always, for your insight. Now that I've had my break, I'd better get back to it."

Yasuji shook his head. "You're done."

He bristled. "No offense, Master Yasuji, but Sensei says when I'm done. Not you."

"Ronin-san. Master Daichi walked away from you. Has he ever done that before?"

"No."

"That's because disarming your teacher is the sign you've completed your last level of training."

"You mean when I stopped his belt from making contact?" Ronin frowned. "But that was a reflex."

"You've never done more than block him. You've certainly never bested him. The fact you did it when you were too exhausted to remain on your feet proves you've learned all you can from him."

"But ..." Dumbfounded, Ronin could only stare at the man. "How do I know that's what he wants? He didn't say a damn word."

Yasuji draped Daichi's belt over Ronin's shoulder. "He didn't have to. He left this for you because it belongs to you now." He gave Ronin a deep bow. "Wear it with pride, Hachidan. You've earned it."

Although Ronin was stunned by this turn of events, he bowed back, remaining in the position until he schooled his features and got a better grip on his emotions. Then he tied the belt around his waist. "So I'm just supposed to grab my bag and leave?" Without saying good-bye to him? Without knowing if I'll ever see him again? Without knowing what-or who-lies ahead in my future training?

"My brother is not one for emotional good-byes."

"I realize that." Ronin also realized further arguing was pointless. He took his time packing his gear in his bag. Maybe for the first time he understood why Master Daichi only used the most basic equipment; it was easier for his students to make a quick exit.

As Ronin rolled up his hand protection, he knew Yasuji had something on his mind. "This may be your last chance to ask the question since you're kicking me out."

"Your intuitiveness is your greatest strength, Ronin-san. It will serve you well."

He made the on with it gesture.

"Does it bother you that Amery presented me with a print of her bound by your rope work?"

He smiled. "Not at all. I'm glad you have proof that your years of instruction have formed me as much as Master Daichi's. I was surprised she'd given it to you, knowing you'd likely display it in a place for all to enjoy it. My wife is modest in public."

"So was mine."

His head snapped up to meet Yasuji's gaze. "But Rikya ..." Was naked or half-naked in most of the demonstrations Yasuji had given, as well as in the dozen photo albums showcasing Master Yasuji's rope designs.

"She grew into her place as my rope model," he said with a smile. "It took several years before she'd wear anything less than a robe during a demonstration. I pushed her to bare all before she was ready. But it was out of male pride; she was beautiful naked, bound in my ropes, and I wanted to show her off. I'll also admit that some of the most memorable rope designs I created on her weren't when she was naked in body. So trust in Amery to know her own mind. She will be what you need."

"She already is." Ronin zipped up his duffel. "Thank you, Master Yasuji."

"We will see each other again."

As Ronin walked through the training center, he glanced around, trying to memorize everything, even when he knew he'd never forget the torturous devices that'd tested his physical and mental resolve. When he reached the door he turned back one last time.

Master Daichi stood on the edge of the practice mat. In the same place he'd always stood these last twenty years.

Ronin faced him, dropped his bag, and waited.

Then his sensei did the oddest thing. He smiled. A genuine smile-not the evil I'm-thinking-of-better-ways-to-torture-you grin that set Ronin's senses on high alert. Then Daichi offered a deep, formal bow.

Which Ronin returned. When he was upright again, his former Master was already gone.

He slipped outside into the cool evening air.

There was only one person he wanted to share this moment with-and she was in Tokyo.

He quickly made arrangements to get there as soon as possible.

***

Amery let herself into Ronin's apartment on the forty-first floor of the Okada Garden Tower, a high-rise in the Tokyo business district. This corner apartment was small, according to Tamara, but Ronin had refused anything bigger because he loved the view. The interior was bland-nothing like the charming minimalism of their penthouse, which seemed to get less minimal the longer she lived there.

She'd spent the morning in the main Okada offices, which took up floors twenty through thirty of this building. Then Tamara convinced her to go shopping. Amery had no idea how much money she'd spent, and that bothered her because it wasn't her money.

That's not what Ronin would say. In fact he'll be happy you bought things.

Amery kicked off her heels and dropped the shopping bags by the door. She'd pick them up later. Right now she wanted a glass of sake. She checked her cell as she wandered into the living room, hoping for a message from Ronin.

"I hope the rattling of packages indicates you've bought something kinky and sexy?"

She gasped. Then her gaze moved over to the shadowed form in the corner. Her husband lounged with his jean-clad leg draped over the arm of the leather club chair. A lowball glass with half an inch of amber liquid was clasped in his right hand. His black shirt was untucked, his feet were bare. His hair was in delightful disarray and dark stubble lined his lean cheeks.

He was magnificent.

He was here.

When she saw that heated look in his brown eyes-the look that was for her alone-she launched herself at him.

He laughed between her avid kisses as she attempted to rip open his shirt. "Hold on there, tiger. Let me put my drink down first."

"Hurry."

"If I was wearing a tie you'd be yanking me up by it."

"I can do that with your belt loops too-right before I yank your jeans down."

Ronin pushed to his feet. Then he framed her face in his hands. "I missed you. Let me show you how much, baby."

She closed her eyes when his lips met hers, letting herself sink into his kiss. Being away from him drove home the point of how essential he'd become to her life.

He picked her up and carried her into the bedroom. He undressed her slowly, kissing, nibbling, licking on her skin as he bared it. So by the time she was naked, she was also wet, and ready for his possession.

Ronin had swept the covers back on the bed before he'd laid her on it. He kept his gaze on her as he removed his clothing. "That's a sight I thought I'd never see."

"What?"

"A wife-my wife-in this bed."

Amery watched as Ronin pushed his jeans and boxer briefs to the floor. She couldn't help but lick her lips at seeing how weeks of training had defined his musculature even more.

He strode toward her, that stiff-backed martial arts posture undeniably sexy. "I never thought I'd find a woman like you, Amery. I saw my life played out much like my sensei; devoting my time and energy to teaching."

"Nothing wrong with that, Master Black."

"Not until life throws you a curve. Or in my case, a curvy strawberry blonde."

"Regrets?"

"Never." He ran his fingertips down her arm, from the ball of her shoulder to the inside of her wrist. Just that simple touch sent goose bumps racing down the left side of her body.

That's when she knew something had happened that'd brought him to Tokyo a full day early. "Sweetheart, are you okay?"

"I will be now that I'm here with you."

She touched his jaw and he rubbed his face against her wrist, brushing his lips over her pulse point. "Show me how much you missed me," she whispered.

And he did.

Ronin was an amazing lover whether his mood was raunchy, urgent, playful, sweet, or dominant. This time the man was reverent-making love to her slowly as the sun dropped and the city lights came on. The shimmer of the Tokyo skyline dimmed in comparison to the light in Ronin's eyes as he watched her unravel beneath him. Twice. And when he reached the tipping point, her name drifting from his lips was the only sound he made as he poured himself into her.

Afterward Amery rested her head on his chest, listening as his rapid heartbeat slowed. "I'm happy that you're here earlier than you'd planned. But what happened that allowed you to cut out of training a day early?"

When Ronin began to talk, she realized how far he'd come in such a short amount of time. During this trip Ronin had crossed yet another hurdle-she didn't have to pester or pick a fight with him to get him to share what was on his mind. He wanted to tell her, to include her in all aspects of his life.

Maybe that was a small thing for other men, but it was huge step for Ronin.

"I can tell you're wondering what comes next for you, but I'm happy you won't be beholden to train in Japan at your sensei's whim anymore." She raised her head and looked at him. "Are you past the point where you need a teacher?"

"Part of me wondered when he kept having me perfect the techniques that I've done for a while if there wasn't anything new for him to teach me. But I don't feel like I'm done learning. I feel like I'm a better teacher when I'm also a student. There are a couple of masters in the U.S. who'd take me on."

Amery stroked his cheek. "I'm so proud of you. I'll support you in whatever you decide to do." She smirked. "But I'm sort of hoping your new teacher lives in Hawaii. I could hang out there for two and a half months while you're training."

Ronin kissed her forehead. "Maybe we should test it out first and see if you like it. How about if we take another week before we go home and hop around the Hawaiian Islands? We have to refuel in Honolulu anyway."

"Seriously?"

"Unless you need to get back to work?"

"Let me think ... No. I'll take another week in the surf and the sand with my man, thank you."

Chapter Seven

"Am I showing too much skin?" Amery tugged the silvery blue cocktail dress down to cover her ass but it made her cleavage pop out. "I am showing too much skin. I have to change."

Ronin clamped his hands on her shoulders, and his eyes connected with hers in the mirror. "Baby. Relax. This dress is fine. You look beautiful."

"I look like a bedazzler experiment gone horribly wrong." She adjusted the cap sleeves but the strands of beads kept tickling her arm. "Alls I'm missing is a rhinestone headpiece and I'd be right at home at a stripper's revue in Vegas."

He chuckled against the nape of her neck. "I love that you're funny when you're nervous."

"Glad that you see the humor in this. Unzip me."

"Amery-"

"Seriously, Ronin. I cannot wear this dress to meet your grandfather."

His fingers moved to the zipper. "You will look amazing in whatever you wear. But since this is the third dress you've tried on and discarded in the last hour ... pretty soon you'll run out of clothes." His rough-tipped finger trailed up her spine, causing her to shiver. "Then you're back to being naked, which is how I like you best anyway."

Amery sidestepped him. "Not helping." She stared at the two dresses remaining in the closet. Both were demure. One was almost girlish with its floral pattern and the layers of flowing ruffles. The other was just a simple little black dress. Acceptable but boring.

Ronin crowded beside her. He snagged her dark gray pencil skirt from the hanger, her ivory lace camisole and her peach chiffon blouse. "You are smoking hot in this outfit. It's sexy and yet professional enough to wear to work. Wear those black stiletto heels with the ankle strap."

She kissed his smooth cheek. "Thank you." After dressing, she was in the bathroom applying her last coat of mascara when Ronin moved in behind her. "Almost ready, I swear."

He grabbed a handful of her hair and tugged until she angled her neck to his liking. His eyes stayed intent on hers in the mirror as he pressed his lips to the side of her throat.

As much as she'd loved his tenderness last night, Amery also needed this. Ronin reminding her of his dominant nature. "Close your eyes, baby," he murmured against her skin.

The instant she did, he slipped something around her neck.

"Now you can look."

Amery opened her eyes. Then she leaned closer to the mirror. The necklace, weighted in the middle with a gold curlicue twist, fell below the hollow of her throat. Centered on either side of the charm were colored stones, anchored by two chains, one in rose gold and one in black that were twisted together to create the single chain. "Ronin. This is stunning."

"It's an infinity symbol. A reminder we're entwined together forever. The stones are peach sapphires, which signify eternal passion. I chose rose gold for the finish because it reminds me of your hair." He kissed the back of her head. "The black chain-"

"Looks like rope," she finished. "And it's black because our last name is Black."

"Yes." He ran his finger down the twisted chain. "Do you like it?"

God. It took all of her self-control not to burst into tears because it was just so damn perfect. "Well, it's no kanji carved into your skin, but it'll do for now."

He chuckled. "Glad you approve."

"It's ... I don't know if there are any words for how special this is to me. Thank you."

"You're welcome. Since you rarely let me buy you gifts I knew I had to make it count."

"You planned this?"

"As soon as I knew we'd be coming to Tokyo."

Amery wreathed her arms around his neck, pulling him down for a kiss. Her eyes were a little misty when she eased back. "I love you."

"I love you too." He rested his forehead to hers. "Thanks for last night."

It might be trite to say thanks for needing me, so rather than speaking she kissed him again. "My ears are always open."

"Good to know. Let's go."

Ronin held her hand as they exited the apartment and headed to the elevator. Once inside he used a keycard and punched in an access code for the penthouse.

"I see you learned your love of security measures from your grandfather."

"He's way worse than I am. The top floor is only accessible by his private elevator."

Amery frowned at the lighted panel. "The fifty-first floor isn't the top floor?"

"Nope. This building has fifty-two floors. We'll have to go through security and then take the stairs."

"I checked your sister's apartment like she asked me to." Shiori's place was twice as big as Ronin's, but that wasn't the surprise. The surprise was the cozy, English-cottage decor, so feminine and welcoming. The apartment Shiori rented in Denver defined austere.

Ronin gave her an odd look. "Why would she ask you to do that?"

She shrugged. "She handed me a key before we left and asked if I'd mind doing a walk-through while I was in the building. So I did. Nice place." Although, Amery didn't poke around much, afraid she might actually find the Hello Kitty whip collection Shiori had mentioned.

The elevator doors opened and two huge, mean-looking dudes waited for them. Their postures became only slightly less menacing when they realized Nureki Okada's grandson had arrived. They merely pointed up the marble staircase when Ronin inquired after his grandfather.

Once they were out of earshot, Amery murmured, "Jenko, Shiori's bodyguard, was downright jovial compared to them."

"It's not an act either. They will fuck you up if you're even remotely considered a threat to Ojisan."

She tightened her hand around Ronin's when they reached the top of the stairs. "Speaking of ... what am I supposed to call him? I don't know protocol for this. He's Ojisan to you. Okada is his surname so do I call him Mr. Okada? Because it seems presumptive on my part to call him Nureki."

Ronin stopped and loomed over her. "Amery, do not freak yourself out about this. If you make a misstep, my mother will correct you. Ojisan is a shark. He smells fear on you he'll zero in on it."

Now her panic really kicked in.

"But remember, baby. You're here with me. I'd never allow my grandfather to disrespect you. Part of the reason we came early is so you can meet him without an audience."

"Promise me you'll translate everything he says and you won't editorialize it."

"I promise."

Shiori had told Amery previously her grandfather spoke English but pretended he didn't. It gave him an advantage when companies conversed in English, assuming he didn't understand.

Opulent was too tame a word to describe the entire space they entered. Gold and marble were everywhere. The prices of the rugs alone could probably feed an entire country.

Don't gawk and for godsake don't whip out your cell phone and snap a selfie in front of the gold-plated sea turtle sculpture.

"I hear the wheels churning," Ronin murmured. "What are you thinking about?"

"What was it like to come to a place like this to visit your grandfather when you were young?"

"Ojisan didn't live here when I was a kid. This building is only ten years old. Believe it or not, my mother managed to talk him out of even gaudier furnishings than this. He has a need for people to know he has money."

"Then there's his minimalist grandson."

He shrugged. "Another point of contention between us."

"Because you can't be bought." As soon as she'd said it she wished she could take it back.

The muscle in Ronin's jaw flexed. "He tried. When actual money didn't work he set me up with Naomi. Making me think I'd found ..."

Acceptance. A woman who loved him and understood all sides of him.

Those scars in him ran deep, which just told her how lonely and unlovable he must've felt before his ex, Naomi, entered the picture.

Then and there Amery made a silent promise to him. You'll never be lonely again, Ronin. Not a day will go by that you won't know-and believe-how much you are loved.

"Now I need a fucking drink."

Amery squeezed his forearm. "Huh-uh, ninja. You're not leaving me alone. Let's do this."

Nureki Okada didn't like having his picture taken so she'd only seen a couple grainy shots of him online. She wouldn't know who he was until she was introduced to him.

"At least he's not surrounded by his harem," Ronin muttered.

"What? You were serious about his multiple mistresses?"

"Yes. Ojisan is a player. Or he was." A sneaky smile spread across Ronin's face. "Probably why he hated it so much when I joined an all-male martial arts school."

"Because you couldn't go out and pick up chicks with him?"

He snorted. "Hardly. But he did want to build me in his image."

They reached the group of three in front of the windows. Her mouth dried and her palms itched when she realized this was the moment.

Tamara turned around and smiled. "So glad you could come early."

The man to Tamara's left was her age or a little younger. Then Amery glanced at the man to Tamara's right.

Shrewd brown eyes much like Ronin's assessed her. She assessed him right back. This man couldn't be in his eighties. He looked a good twenty years younger than that. It was obvious Ronin had inherited some of his looks from his grandfather. With his silver hair he looked like an older version of Ken Watanabe. A meaner version. Even when his hands rested on a cane, his posture remained regal.

Ronin's warm hand pressed into the small of her back. "Ojisan. I'd like to introduce my wife, Amery. Amery, my grandfather, Nureki Okada." Then he repeated the words in Japanese.

He inclined his head rather than bowing.

Amery bowed, happy she didn't have to shake his hand or else he'd notice how much her entire body was shaking. "I'm happy to finally meet the man who's had such a huge impact on my husband's life."

Ronin translated.

His grandfather responded.

This exchange went on for a minute or so.

Before Tamara or the other guy she'd introduced as Inichi Matso could start cocktail chitchat, Ronin's grandfather smacked his cane on the floor, grabbing everyone's attention.

Both Ronin and Tamara's postures stiffened.

"I tire of the translation game. Tell me, Amery, how an unknown graphic arts company in a small U.S. market landed such a prestigious contract with one of the largest Asian food conglomerates in the world?"

No softball "How are you enjoying Japan?" question from the billionaire business mogul. Whatever you do, don't stammer. "I believe you already know that story. I met your grandson and created new logos for Black Arts. He was happy enough to throw my company's name out to Okada's Seattle office. I got the go-ahead to do the mock-up for the new campaign, and Hardwick Designs blew all the other competition out of the water."

"You believe your company is the best?"

Baiting her. Not nice. "With all due respect, sir, my company was the best for that particular project for Okada Foods."

Silence lingered a beat too long as he studied her.

She would not crack.

Finally he inclined his head again. "I happen to agree. It was fine design work."

Holy. Shit. A compliment? "Thank you."

"Do you share Ronin's obsession with martial arts?"

"God, no. Seeing how much he has to train makes me tired. But it's his calling and I'll support him in whatever he does."

"Do you like dogs?"

What the hell? "As pets? I like dogs better than snakes. But my favorite animal is an antelope."

"Why?"

"Because they can outrun any predators. At the first sign of danger they're gone."

Ronin spoke sharply to him in Japanese.

He waved him off. "My grandson does not approve of my approach in getting to know you."

Amery didn't look away from his shrewd gaze. "My husband tends to be protective of me. Especially since you have a reputation of following your own agenda."

After a brief pause, he smiled. "Better to enforce my own agenda than follow someone else's."

Yikes. "I don't have an agenda, so you don't have to worry about whether I'm a leader or a follower."

"Let's have a drink," Tamara said. The instant she raised her hand two waiters hustled over. She rattled off drink orders. Then she looked at Amery. "What are you having?"

Ronin's grandfather chided his daughter. He beckoned over a bruiser of a man who'd been stationed behind them and issued instructions. Whatever he'd said put a look of shock on both Tamara's and Ronin's faces.

Tamara quickly recovered and ushered her father to a table while Matso followed the security guy.

Had she just witnessed a family fight? "What's going on?"

"Ojisan has one of the finest collections of whiskey in the world. And he just told his head of security to fetch the Macallan Cire Perdue and four glasses."

"What does that mean?"

"We're about to get a taste of the most expensive whiskey ever made."

His voice was tinged with awe.

Over some old booze? Weird. But she figured she needed to at least act properly awed too. "Why?"

"We're about to find out."

The precious whiskey arrived in a special bottle handcrafted by a secret sect of French monks or some crazy thing. The glasses the sixty-four-year-old scotch would be poured into were specially created for the sipping pleasure of the Macallan.

The Okada patriarch held his glass aloft for a toast. "Congratulations to Ronin and Amery. I wish you many years of joy together."

She sipped, unprepared for the explosion of flavors on her tongue. She looked at Ronin and her eyes narrowed. Hey. The man wore that same expression of ecstasy during an orgasm.

He managed to choke out, "Ojisan, thank you for sharing this with us."

"My pleasure. It's not every day I get to welcome the wife of ichiban no mago into our family."

Amery whispered, "What does ee-chee-bon no mah-go mean?"

"Number one grandson." He touched his glass to hers. "But not even I rate a dram from a half-a-million-dollar bottle of whiskey. This is all about you. You passed the official Nureki Okada inspection and that is something worth celebrating."

As soon as guests began to arrive Tamara switched into hostess mode. Although Ronin reminded his mother not to separate him and Amery during the party, she knew it was inevitable.

She half expected Ronin's grandfather to corner her at some point during the party. So when he finally did, she was prepared for it.

Or so she thought.

Tamara rescued her. "That looked like an intense conversation. Was he harassing you?"

"Not at all," she lied. She hoped Ronin would see the humor in the situation when she told him that his Ojisan had offered her a million dollars in cash if she got pregnant in the next three months. Rather than being offended that he tried to buy her off, she'd teased the manipulative man that her womb wasn't for sale.

Since the party was still going strong, they were able to leave without any fanfare or guilt.

In their bedroom Ronin stripped and fell into bed.

By the time Amery finished removing her makeup, her husband seemed dead to the world. "Ronin?"

"Mmm-hmm."

"Are you awake?"

"Mmm-hmm."

"I know we didn't get a chance to talk about this today, but I've decided where we're going for the 'anything I want' night out you promised me."

Ronin didn't respond.

She poked him. "Are you listening to me?"

"Mmm-hmm."

Wait a second. Did he just snore? "Ronin?"

"Mmm-hmm."

"Baby, spread your legs," she cooed. "I want your cock in my mouth. Or are you too tired?"

"Mmm-hmm."

She withheld a snort. The man had to be sleeping. He never turned down a blow job.

Feeling ornery, she propped her head on his chest. "For starters tomorrow night, we're going to a bondage club."

"Mmm-hmm."

"And I may have a teensy surprise for you when I'm there. So don't say I didn't warn ya."

Chapter Eight

"When exactly did I agree to go to a bondage club?" Ronin demanded the next morning.

"Last night."

He narrowed his eyes at her. "Did you ask me when I was sleeping?"

Amery looked up from her laptop. "First of all, I didn't need to ask, since you promised me you'd do whatever I wanted for one night in Tokyo. So I chose. I was merely informing you of my choice."

"How did I respond?"

"Why does it matter?"

"Did you ask me anything else?" He vaguely recalled her saying something about ... his cock and her mouth.

"Like I already said, Ronin, we are going to the club tonight. End of discussion."

Ronin leaned forward, resting his forearms on his knees. "You've got an attitude this morning."

"No, I've got work to do this morning and you're bugging me. Go find something else to do."

He studied his wife, looking so damn cute with her hair piled up in a messy bun. She hadn't bothered with makeup. His gaze dipped to her breasts spilling out of the tiny camisole she wore with her favorite Juicy Couture yoga pants that made her ass look fantastic. The little wrinkle of annoyance between her eyes, the pursed set of her lips, and the pointed way she ignored him ... it all provoked him.

Her laptop screen reflected in the window behind her, and Ronin could see she wasn't working-she was on Facebook.

She'd rather screw around on Facebook than screw around with him?

Fuck. That.

Ronin pushed to his feet and loomed over her, bracing his hands on the back of the couch. "Turn off your computer, Amery."

"I'm busy-"

"Now."

"You are such a pain in the ass sometimes." She powered down her laptop and set it on the coffee table. "Happy?"

"I will be as soon as you unplug it from the wall so I don't trip over the damn cord again."

She glanced up at him-intending to argue, but thought better of it. She spun around and leaned over the back of the couch, bumping into Ronin's forearms as she yanked the cord from the wall.

Before she turned back around, Ronin took the cord from her. "Arms behind your back."

"What are you-?"

"Do it."

Amery rested the side of her face against the cushion and crossed her wrists above her ass.

Ronin twisted the cord around her wrists until he was satisfied she couldn't free herself. He kept the other end of the cord attached to her laptop. He stood behind her and smiled at the position he'd placed her in-knees spread wide, ass in the air, hands bound, sassy mouth muffled by the couch cushions.

Perfect.

He spoke into her ear. "I'll be right back."

She muttered something.

"What'd you say?"

"Nothing. Besides you're a jerk for using my laptop cord as bondage gear."

Ronin smacked her ass.

She yelped and said, "What the fuck?"

"You put me in a mood, baby. So I'd watch it if I were you." Like he couldn't tell she loved the occasional swat on her ass. The woman actually wiggled her butt for more. So he obliged her.

She cursed him as he left the room.

He found what he was looking for in the bottom dresser drawer in their bedroom. He checked to make sure the batteries weren't dead.

Amery tensed up when he moved in behind her.

"Why so jumpy, baby?"

"Because I don't know what's going on in that depraved head of yours, Master Black."

"I thought you'd appreciate a preview of fun and bondage games before we hit the club tonight." Ronin nestled his groin between the soft globes of her ass cheeks so she could feel how hard his cock was under his athletic shorts. He rocked his hips side to side and she immediately matched his rhythm.

"Stay still, because you wouldn't want to jerk your hands too much and send your laptop crashing to the floor."

"The cord is still attached?"

"Yep." When he pressed his bare chest to her back, he growled at the feel of her bound hands digging into his abdomen. There was nothing in the world like having this woman so hot for him and writhing beneath him. He traced the outer rim of her ear with his tongue, pleased when a shudder worked through her. "Let's see how well you can hold a charge." He turned on the vibrator. Right next to her ear.

"Oh god, Ronin, no."

"Oh, my sweet wife, yes. I'm gonna torture you a bit. I know how crazy it makes you when I do this." He sank his teeth into the section of skin where the back of her neck met her shoulder.

Amery bucked and arched.

"Ah ah ah. None of that. You have to stay still because I do have you on a short leash today."

"You bastard."

He laughed. "Keep it up, sassy mouth, and I'll add to your punishment."

"Punishment? What the hell? I didn't do anything!"

"Really? Making plans when I'm dead to the world and then ignoring me for fucking Facebook when I try to discuss those plans is something."

"Crap."

His breath drifted across the nape of her neck. "Feel free to scream and moan, but baby, you don't get to move." Ronin started out by kissing and teasing her upper back-one of the most sensitive sections of her body. He yanked down the front of her camisole and played with her nipples, amused by the arch and release of her spine when he worked both sides of her at once.

When she'd settled down, Ronin upped the stakes by turning on the vibrator. First he used it on her nipples and the lower curve of her breasts, then he rolled it between her hipbones before he set it directly over her clit.

Once again she bucked hard.

"Let it happen," he murmured against her shoulder. "But keep your body still."

"I can't!"

"You can. I know you're gonna come hard, baby. So hard." He sucked on the back of her neck, marking her. "I feel your blood pumping. I feel your heartbeat here"-he slid the vibrator up and down her slit-"and here"-he rocked his hips against her ass-"and here"-he pinched her nipple and held it. "I want you to feel all those places pounding when you come. But I do not want you to move."

"Ronin. Please."

"Can you do that for me?"

After a moment she said, "Yes."

"You are so fucking sexy." He dragged an openmouthed kiss across the breadth of her shoulders. Then he pressed his body down to hold hers steady as he cranked the vibrator to high.

Within about ten seconds, Amery detonated. The only outward sign of her coming was her yelling, "Jesus-fuck-oh-my-fucking-god!" But she kept her body still. So still that Ronin swore he felt the deep spasms of her pussy muscles against his cock when she squeezed her butt cheeks together.

When Amery dropped her forehead to the cushion and groaned, he knew she was done in.

So was he.

He shut off the vibrator and tossed it on the couch. After he straightened her camisole, he kissed the spot behind her ear. "You did great, baby."

"Can I move now?"

"How about if you stay put and I move so you can give me that blow job you mentioned last night?"

Amery slowly raised her head and turned to look at him. "You remember that?"

"Yep."

She offered him a sneaky smile. "Poor baby. Tying me up always gets you so hard, doesn't it? And add in that Master Black control-freak thing that you love to use on me and I bet it'll take about a minute before you're coming down my throat."

Ronin growled and smacked her ass again. He skirted the end table and stood behind the couch. He could not take his eyes off her mouth as he dropped his shorts and took his cock in his hand.

Amery lewdly licked her lips. "Set the timer, baby, 'cause you're going down."

He curled his hand around the back of her neck. "No, baby, you're going down on me. You've got a little give in your cord so scoot closer."

She angled forward and ran her tongue around the head of his cock.

He hissed at that first wet lash of heat. He didn't paint her lips with the drop of pre-come or let her tease him with tiny licks. He held her jaw open and pushed his shaft over those perfect lips and across her tongue until her mouth was full of him. There was nothing like his cock surrounded by that wet heat.

Amery closed her eyes and moaned.

The vibration traveled from the head of his cock, pressed into the back of her throat, clear down into his balls.

Keeping one hand on her neck and the other on the side of her face, Ronin started to move. Fucking in and out of that suctioning heat. Moving faster with each plunge and retreat, knowing she could take it. Knowing how much she loved it when he became a mindless beast. When his world boiled down to the hot haven of her mouth.

And goddamn if she hadn't been right; he was about to blow.

"Look at me, baby. See what you do to me."

Her eyes shone with possession and satisfaction as she gave him what he needed. Sucking harder when he started to come. Swallowing every hot spurt.

At some point Ronin's head fell back and he let that dazed sensation of completion wash over him. He opened his eyes and feathered his thumb across Amery's cheekbone as he pulled out. Slowly. Wanting to keep this connection with her as long as possible. Once the tip slipped free, he said, "Thank you."

Amery nuzzled his hand. "I love you, Ronin. And if you really don't want to go to the bondage club tonight-"

He put his thumb over her lips. "I want to go. I'm looking forward to it."

***

Ronin hadn't visited the clubs in Tokyo since before he'd been involved with Naomi. Although he'd done several kinbaku demonstrations, it'd been more performance art to titillate and shock because that's what club-goers expected.

While Amery fretted about what club attire to wear, Ronin dressed as he always did; with comfort in mind. Black jeans, black boots, a long-sleeved black button-up shirt. He ran his hands through his damp hair, realizing he hadn't had it cut since before he left the States and it needed a trim.

"Well, aren't you looking every inch the black angel of death," Amery said and then wrapped her arms around his waist. "Ninjas wear black to blend in?"

"Always." He kissed the top of her head. "You ready to go?"

"Yep. Are we taking a car to the club?"

"It's better to take public transport. The part of Roppongi the club is in is rougher than other areas with upscale hotels and office buildings." He looked at her curiously. "How'd you find out about this place?"

"Google?" She shrugged. "I picked it since it seemed to be off the beaten path, which I took to mean it caters to locals. The cover charge is high so that probably keeps the tourists out."

It appeared she'd done her research.

Amery tucked her phone in her front pocket and her ID in the opposite pocket. "You sure I won't need money?"

He lifted a brow.

"Right. You da man. You always pay. Let's go. I don't want to miss anything."

***

Their stroll from the train station to the bondage and fetish club district in Roppongi was uneventful, besides their being accosted by members of a geisha drag club to watch their show.

The pink and black sign above the door had kanji symbol for the number five-Go.

Once they were approved by the bouncer, they entered a small entryway. The woman behind the counter focused on Ronin. "Cover charge for VIP section is thirty thousand yen per couple, which includes checking two cell phones."

Ronin removed his wallet and handed over his credit card.

She rang up the sale and slid a basket with a lid across the counter.

"What's that for?" Amery asked.

"Our phones. No recording devices allowed."

Her eyes searched his. "Seriously?"

"It's fine. Actually it's good they enforce a privacy policy."

She dropped her phone next to his.

The clerk handed Ronin a receipt and a metal claim tag for the basket. "VIP seats are in the first two rows. Read and understand the rules before you enter the staging area. The next show begins in ten minutes."

"Thank you."

Ronin held the black velvet curtain open and he ducked inside behind Amery. "You sure you want to do this?"

"Yes, Ronin-it was my idea, remember?"

Something didn't fit. Then it clicked. "Was this really your idea? Or was it Yasuji's?"

A blush stole across her cheeks. "He mentioned I might enjoy visiting this club."

"How the hell did that come up in conversation?"

"I'm your rope model, Ronin. He is your teacher. He suggested I see a rope demo from a neutral perspective. One where you're not tying me or someone else."

He curled his hand around her neck, holding her head in place so she couldn't look away. "I didn't ask him to have a conversation with you."

"I know. I'm here out of curiosity and respect to you, Master Black."

Ronin pressed his thumb under her chin, angling her face to kiss her. She tasted of sake, with a hint of mint. His tension drained away and his smile broke the seal of their mouths. "Then let's take in the show."

The space had theater-style seating on three sides around the stage. Most people were in their seats but a few milled around looking at the photos decorating the walls. The mainly Japanese crowd numbered about a hundred. Some were eccentrically attired in fetish clothing; others wore the usual club clothes.

After they settled in the front row, Amery said, "No one else paid for prime seats?"

"Some people want to be far back to get the whole scope. I'd rather be closer to watch the rope-tying technique."

"You'll be judging his skills?"

"Of course. The sign outside claims every demonstration is given by a bakushi-a kinbaku and shibari master."

"You don't believe the hype?"

Ronin shrugged. "Easy to say one's a master; harder to prove."

"So the proof is in the knots?"

He smiled at her. "For one thing. I'll reserve my final judgment for when the demo is done."

"Which clubs around here did you demo in?"

"None of them are in business anymore."

"What were the women like? Professional rope models? Or rope bunnies?"

Rope bunnies. She'd definitely been talking to Yasuji. "I was a student, Amery. None of the women were memorable. I was all about refining my rope skills, not my sexual techniques."

"Don't get snippy." She paused. "I have a right to ask you questions."

"Yes, you do. But I have to know where all these questions are coming from?"

"From curiosity. From jealousy. But also from pride."

"Explain that."

Amery lowered her voice to a whisper. "I'm the luckiest person in the room tonight because I have my very own rope master. I don't have to fantasize about all the different ways I'd like to be bound. All I have to do is ask you to do it."

Such sweetness. Ronin brushed his mouth over her ear. "Anytime, baby."

"Remember you said that."

The house lights cut out. A voice boomed through the loudspeaker. "Tonight at Go, Bakushi Iggy will tantalize your senses with his rope mastery."

Ronin translated.

The lights came up and a young woman stood center stage. She wore a school uniform-a short pleated skirt and a white blouse tied at her sternum, her large breasts spilling out, her lower torso exposed down to her hipbones. Her hair was in pigtails and her lips were glossy red.

Jesus. They'd set the scene like this was soft-core porn. The only thing missing was the girl blowing bubbles with a wad of gum or licking a sucker.

Whack, whack, whack sounded and Iggy strode on stage, smacking a thick ruler on his palm with every step.

When he reached the girl, he gestured to her clothing and sneered. She clasped her hands together, silently pleading with him to overlook her clothing violation. But he shook his head and grabbed her arm, leading her to a yellow line.

The man demonstrated that he wanted her to stand at attention. She refused and faced away from him with her hands on her hips. He moved behind her and in one quick movement he latched on to her wrists, pulling her arms together behind her back, trapping them between his thighs. Then he ripped her shirt open, exposing her enormous tits.

Ronin glanced to his right. The audience members seemed enthralled by the scene.

The principal-or whoever he was supposed to be-tore away her skirt and tossed it aside, leaving her in a thong. Then he yanked one of her pigtails, spun her around and bent her over.

Big surprise what came next. The girl got her bare ass spanked with the ruler.

From that point on Ronin made a game of predicting how the scene would progress. The girl was gagged for crying out during her spanking. When she tried to cover her breasts with her hands, he bound her upper arms with her torn shirt and hit her nipples with the ruler. When the tips hardened, he placed clothespins on them.

Amery leaned in. "If this is a kinbaku scene where are the ropes?"

"Good question."

A couple in the row next to them glared at them for talking.

Ronin watched as Iggy uncoiled a lump of hemp rope that looked frayed. He wrapped a half-assed, uneven gauntlet from the girl's elbows to her wrists. Then he fashioned a chest harness, pinning the girl's already abused nipples between two tight sections of rope. When he plucked off the clothespins, the rush of blood sent her swaying forward, and he jerked her upright-by yanking on the back of the rope harness.

Next he pushed the girl to the floor and did a cross tie on both ankles. When he started a reverse shrimp tie by connecting the girl's ankles to her bound arms with no ropes supporting the girl's legs, or her torso, Ronin almost stormed the stage. This guy didn't know what the fuck he was doing and there was a real possibility the girl could get hurt.

"Ronin, baby, remember to breathe," Amery murmured.

"Jesus, Amery, this is all fucking wrong."

"I know. This place isn't what I thought it was. We'll leave as soon as we can."

That's when he noticed the guy on stage, who should've been focused on his rope model's frame of mind and physical state of being, was glaring at them.

Ronin glared back.

But Iggy couldn't hack Ronin's hard stare for more than five seconds before his gaze darted away.

That's what I thought, you motherfucking worm, you're a fraud.

The girl turned her head toward the audience. Her eyes were wide with fear, not glassy from blissed-out rope subspace. She was shaking her head, trying to remove the gag so she could speak. It was obvious she wanted to stop the scene, but Iggy wasn't paying attention to her.

When her frightened eyes met Ronin's, he was instantly on his feet, striding onto the stage, snapping, "Yamete!" He crouched and removed the girl's gag. "You wish to end the scene?" he asked in Japanese.

She nodded.

Ronin stood and reached for the safety scissors next to another pile of ropes.

"What are you doing?" Iggy demanded. "Get off my stage."

He ignored the man's blustering and sliced through the gauntlet. Then he snipped the ankle ties and gently lowered her feet parallel to her body. Once the girl was free of ropes, she scurried into the shadows, followed by Iggy when another man strutted onto the stage.

The guy walked right up to Ronin and said, "Play along, Master Black," and moved center stage to address the audience.

Who the hell was this guy? And how did he know his name?

"The type of bondage we showcase here at Go takes years of dedication, and hours of practice to learn ... the ropes, so to speak."

The audience laughed.

Ronin glanced at Amery; the conversation was totally lost on her.

"Sometimes a scene doesn't proceed as planned. Luckily tonight we had an expert in the audience, and once he saw the potential problems with the scene, he stepped in to stop it." He not so subtly pushed Ronin into the spotlight. "We are honored to have Master Black with us this evening. Master Black is an accomplished kinbaku and shibari rope master, a true bakushi. Not only has he studied with the great Master Yasuji for the past two decades, he's been Japan's record holder for the fastest hojojutsu tie for years. This man knows his way around ropes."

The audience clapped and whistled.

"While we're setting up the next demonstration, please stretch your legs, or visit the lounge. And a reminder there is no recording allowed in Go. Thank you." He bowed to the audience and then faced Ronin.

"Master Black, you have my eternal gratitude for putting an end to that shameful demonstration." He bowed again. "I'm Go-jen. Owner of Go. I would like a chance to speak with you in my office."

"As long as my wife can come with us." Maybe Amery could keep him calm because he was seething.

"Of course. Follow me."

Ronin held out his hand to Amery when they passed by their row. He expected her to demand to know what was going on-the language barrier put her on edge-but she remained quiet.

Go-jen said, "I apologize for the lowbrow entertainment that forced you to take action."

"That guy knew little about rope play. How can you pretend those types of scenarios bear any resemblance to kinbaku or shibari?" Ronin demanded.

"I don't."

"But don't you advertise this club as such?"

"Advertising as a 'bondage club' leaves the definition open to interpretation. Tonight my usual performer and his model were both out sick. I couldn't cancel tonight's first show because of the second act"-Go-jen shot Amery a questioning look-"so my day manager found a replacement. Iggy dabbles in rope play at a fetish club. His job was to tease attendees with a soft-core S-and-M scene. But he is a performer and he took it too far. I would've been here to oversee the scene, but transportation issues made me late."

Ronin translated everything up to that point for Amery.

"So the first time Master Black is in my club is the night everything is fucked up. I imagine the chances of you doing a demo are pretty slim now."

That took Ronin aback. "What gave you the impression I was here for any reason besides to observe?"

Go-jen looked at Amery.

"What did he say?" Amery asked Ronin.

"He seems to think I'm here to do a demo."

"You are. Well, technically we are. It was supposed to be a surprise. So, ah ... surprise." She looked away.

Ronin touched her chin and forced her attention back to him. "Did Yasuji guilt you into this?"

"No."

"Then what changed?"

"You changed." She closed her eyes before she continued. "You don't understand what it's been like for me watching you struggle, not only with your jujitsu training limitations, but the limitations I've placed on you with public rope play. I told you months ago I'd be willing to do private demos and you've not scheduled anything because I don't think you believe I will actually go through with it."

She had that right. The owner of Twisted had practically offered Ronin his first-born child if he'd return to the club strictly in an instructor's role for private lessons. Ronin kept putting him off because after Amery first mentioned the possibility of her participating in private instruction with him, she'd never broached it again. And he'd sworn to himself he wouldn't push her. "Why now?"

"Yasuji told me about his wife and their joint decision to give public rope play demonstrations to show the beauty and the intimacy of kinbaku. They felt it was Yasuji's responsibility to teach the right way. You saw what happened tonight when people do it the wrong way."

"Was the scene just a setup to see what I'd do?"

"No." Amery's eyes softened. "Not only did Yasuji form you into a rope master, you seeing Rikya demo with Yasuji all those years formed you too. You've always held out for that kind of partnership." She paused. "I can be that partner, Ronin. I promise you I came to this decision on my own. I didn't have anyone to explain my worries, fears, and frustrations to until I met Master Yasuji. He'd been through it all with his wife so he helped me come to grips with things, from the perspective of a teacher and a husband."

Despite the excitement building inside him, he knew he had to play it cool. "And so that's what tonight is? A way for you to prove it?"

"Yes. I was so sure I'm ready for this that I had your ropes, your gi, and my robe sent here."

"When?"

"Three days ago."

Before any of the stuff went down with Master Daichi. Before Yasuji's cryptic, Trust in Amery to know her own mind. She will be what you need.

Looking into her eyes, he saw love and determination, but no fear. That's when he trusted she had cleared the last barrier. He held her face in his hands and kissed her until she rested her body against his in total surrender. With reluctance he broke the seal of their mouths and let his lips drift up to her ear. "Let's go to the dressing room and get ready to do a demo."

"Get ready together?"

"Yes."

"But you always get ready alone."

"Not anymore." Ronin held her tightly. "Now I've got a partner."

