PROLOGUE

"I CAN'T BELIEVE you got caught kissing Beau Prescott's girlfriend under the stairs!"

Josie Witherspoon and her best friend, Colin Fairgood, were walking home from school. The large mansions, which lined both sides of the street, bore stately and placid witness to their conversation.

"Everybody on the bus was talking about it!"

Colin shrugged his skinny shoulders, like string-bean violinists stole the hearts of popular cheerleaders every day. "I can't believe you can't believe a girl like Mindy wouldn't rather go out with me than that dumb-ass quarterback you live with."

"I don't live with him," she said, exasperated. "I live in his parent's house with my mom. Big difference. We barely talk."

"Whatever. Just because you can't see what a catch I am doesn't mean Mindy don't."

Josie pushed her cat-eye glasses up on her nose, and looked at Colin sideways. She could never tell if he was joking or serious when he insinuated that she was missing out by not having him as a boyfriend.

They'd been friends since elementary school. Really, it had been a friendship made out of desperation more than anything else. Josie was one of the few black kids in the Forest Brook school system, and definitely the only black nerd, while tall and skinny Colin had been the only kid playing concert-level violin. Plus, despite the fact that she was black and he was white, both of their mothers happened to be live-in help for affluent families with homes on the same street, so technically they had more in common with each other than with other kids who were their own race.

Back when they'd first met, they'd been a pair of misfits with the misfortune of going to an elite school that valued its wealthy student body and athletics over diversity and musical prowess. Why not hang out with each other, who else would want to hang out with them?

But lately Colin had been making jokes suggesting he wanted more than friendship from Josie, and she didn't know how she felt about that.

"It's not that I don't think you're a great catch," she said. "It's more like I'm surprised Mindy was smart enough to realize it."

Really surprised. On the few occasions she'd talked to Mindy, when she'd come by the house looking for Beau, Josie didn't think there was much more than cotton candy and cheerleader chants going on between her pretty ears.

"Jealous?" Colin asked with an impish grin.

"More like scared," Josie answered. "I'm just hoping Beau don't come after you. You know how he gets."

Then, as if she had summoned him out of thin air just by saying his name, Beau's over-large, shiny blue pick-up truck screeched to a halt on the other side of the road. And Beau himself came barreling out with Mike Lacer, their school's starting wide receiver and the son of the family Colin's mother worked for, right behind him.

Most girls, including her-though she'd never admit it out loud-found Beau mesmerizing. With his thick black hair, contrasting silver eyes, chiseled body, aquiline nose, and All-American good looks, he was like the living embodiment of a Ralph Lauren ad. But right now, he looked a lot less preppy and a whole lot more intimidating as he came straight at Colin, his muscle-bound body tight with anger.

"Fairgood," he said, pointing at the ground halfway between them. "You and me. Right now."

"Aw man," Colin said under his breath. But nonetheless, he put his violin case down and removed his backpack.

"Are you kidding me?" Josie hissed. "You can't fight them. They're, like, twice your size!"

Colin eyed Beau and Mike warily. "I don't think I have much of a choice."

"Run, fool!" she said, stating what, she felt, was the obvious sol

"I'm not running," he answered, clenching his fists at his sides. "I might be skinny. But I'm not a coward."

"How about your hands? You can't be getting in fights. You've got the Youth Symphony concert at the ASC this weekend."

She could tell that thought gave him pause. He'd been playing violin since the age of four, and he'd been taught to protect his hands above all things for most of his life. But still, he set his jaw and said it again: "I'm not running."

And then it was too late to run. Beau was standing right in front of them, his meaty right fist covered with his left hand. His silver eyes almost seemed to glitter with anger in the afternoon light. "Time for you to get out of here, Josie."

He and Mike reeked of alcohol.

"Now, Beau, just calm down now. Two football players against the two of us? You and I both know that ain't a fair fight."

"It isn't two against two," Beau answered with a smirk. "I'll fight Fairgood on my own. Mike just came to watch the beat down."

"Yeah," Mike said, obviously feeling no loyalty whatsoever to the son of his family's housekeeper. "I'm just here to see Fairgood get his ass kicked."

Josie rolled her eyes. Mike might as well be a hype man, he was so ridiculously fond of repeating everything Beau said. "Beau, you need to think about getting some real friends as opposed to sycophants who go along with everything you say."

"What'd you just call me?" Mike asked, taking a menacing step toward her.

Josie stood her ground and stared Mike down. "So, what, now you're going to beat me up, too?"

"No," Beau said, raising his hand to still Mike before the wide receiver could answer. "Like I said, this is between me and Fairgood. You go on home now, Josie."

He was so sure she was going to follow his command, so sure he had her under his thumb. It was hard to believe she'd ever liked Beau as a human being, much less had a raging crush on him the summer before she started at Forest Brook Senior High, before he'd shown his true colors.

She drew herself up to her full five-feet-five inches and lifted her chin. "And like I said, that's not a fair fight. It'd be like Colossus beating up on Yo Yo Ma!"

Beau's face screwed up. "Who and who?"

Colin stepped in front of Josie explain. "She's referring to a comic book character and the best cellist on the planet. But it doesn't matter, because if you want to fight I'll fight. I'm not a coward."

Colin tried to push Josie behind him, but she scrambled to get in front of him and spread her arms in a protective stance.

"No, I'm not going to let this happen," she said.

Beau threw Colin an exasperated look. "So you're going to hide behind a girl? That's how you want to handle this?"

"Jo-Jo," Colin said behind her, "you're embarrassing me."

"I don't care if I'm embarrassing you," Josie shot back. "You have more talent in your index finger than Beau's got in his entire body. And I'm not going to let you risk your hands because he's mad over a stupid girl. And when I say stupid, I mean, really, really stupid-bless her little heart, but she ain't nobody to be fighting over."

If Josie had been hoping to make Beau see reason, she got the opposite response. He stepped forward, so close she could feel his beer-tinted breath on her face when he said, "Josie. Go. Home. Now."

And before she could protest again, Mike was pulling her out from between them.

"No!" she yelled. "Don't touch me!"

She kicked Mike straight in the balls. And when he fell to his knees, cupping his crotch like a movie villain, Josie used the opportunity to jump on Beau's back. "Run!" she yelled at Colin.

"Get off me!" Beau said, swiping at her like a bear.

It took all of Josie's strength just to hang on. "Run!" she yelled again.

"I can't leave you," Colin yelled back. His fists were tight at his sides and it looked like his body was primed to do something to help, but his mind didn't quite know what yet.

Mike started trying to tug her off of Beau's back from behind, but Josie tightened her grip around Beau's neck and waist like a squirrely monkey. "If you want to fight somebody then fight me you stupid bully," she said to Beau.

"Josie, you work for me," Beau said. "Now stop this and get on out of here so Fairgood and me can settle this like men."

"I don't work for you," she spat back. "My mama does. As long as I'm breathing, I promise you this, Beau Prescott, I will never, ever work for you."

"Get off!" he yelled, pawing her.

Her glasses fell off her face then, followed by a sickening crunch.

The world beyond Beau went blurry, but she hung on. "I'm not letting go until you promise to leave Colin alone!"

They went on like this for a few minutes, until Beau finally yelled, "All right! All right! I won't fight him."

Josie immediately loosened her grip and let herself slip to the ground. Beau Prescott might be a lot of things, arrogant, classist, and mean, but like her, he'd been raised by Loretta Witherspoon, and Loretta didn't raise liars. The one thing Josie and him had in common was if either of them said something, you could trust it was true.

She could barely see the expression on Beau's face without her glasses, but it was easy enough to tell he was hopping mad by the sound of his voice. "I won't fight him," he repeated. "But this ain't over."

With that, he headed back to his truck, Mike once again right behind him. Meanwhile Colin and she stood together, both breathing hard like a couple of prizefighters that unexpectedly managed to go the distance.

"How am I still alive?" Colin asked. "What just happened?"

"We showed them," Josie said with a happy smile. "We finally showed them that our mamas might work for them, but that don't mean they can push us around."

Colin was close enough that she could see the skeptical look on his face. "Yeah, but now I'm going to have to put up with Mike making my life hell." He bent down and looked at something on the ground. "Plus it looks like Beau broke your glasses."

Josie's heart sank when he pointed out her broken glasses. There was no way her mother would be able to replace them any time soon, without raiding Josie's college fund. And heaven forbid if Beau told Loretta how her glasses got broke. She'd be in so much trouble. Josie couldn't even remember a time when Loretta hadn't lectured her about how important it was to always be respectful around the Prescotts, how she should never, ever cross them, no matter what any of them said to her.

"You should have just let us fight," Colin said beside her, his voice laced with the same dread she was now feeling in the pit of her stomach.

She shook her head. "I hate Alabama. I can't wait to get out of here."

"Me either," Colin said. Then he took her hand in his. "But no matter what happens, just keep on thinking about the leaving part. One day we're going to get out of Forest Brooks and nobody from here is going to be able to touch us." He squeezed her hand. "You just wait and see."

Josie squeezed his hand back. Colin was right. She'd figure out how to get out of Alabama one day and when she did, she'd never think twice about Beau Prescott ever again.

CHAPTER 1

Fifteen years later

JOSIE WAS NOT HAVING A GOOD WEEK, a good month, or even a good year. And waking up in a freezing mobile home pretty much confirmed she wouldn't be having a good day either.

Luckily for her, her grandmother's trailer had been paid off years ago. However, unluckily for Josie, rent-free didn't mean utilities-free, and apparently the Alabama Gas Corporation had grown tired of her inability to respond to all of their "pay now" notices. The frigid air hit her face like a slap with a wet towel and sent a cold tremor down the spine of her overly thin body.

She put on her old, chunky cat-eye glasses and got out of bed anyway, if only so she could grab one of her grandmother's quilts and wrap it around her shivering shoulders. It was Alabama, she reasoned with determined cheerfulness, so the poorly insulated mobile home would warm up later in the day. Maybe she could run to Wal-Mart after her shift at the shelter and use the last of the money left on her only credit card for a space heater to get her through the night.

But then, she flipped on the trailer's main light switch and nothing happened.

She groaned. Not the electricity, too!

Less than an hour later, Josie arrived at Ruth's House, a small, unmarked domestic abuse crisis center in a recently gentrified area of Birmingham. And she was still shivering from the super cold shower she'd forced herself to take before reporting for duty.

Technically, she could have showered at the shelter. But mornings were basically rush hour for the shelter's communal showers, especially when they were over their 17-bed capacity as they had been lately. She didn't want to further tax the shelter's already over burdened resources.

Still, she didn't think she could take too many more cold showers, and she definitely didn't think she could take another night in the freezing trailer.

"Hey, Josie," Nancy, Ruth House's latest receptionist, said after buzzing her through the outer glass doors. The young, sloe-eyed brunette sat behind a panel of bulletproof glass toward the back of a small outer room pebbled with a few banged up folding chairs. "Sam said she wanted to see you as soon as you got here."

Josie's heart lifted. A couple months ago, she and Sam had applied for a grant, which would enable Ruth's house to promote Josie from her volunteer position to one of the shelter's official intake workers. If Sam was asking to see her right away, maybe she had some good news.

"Thanks, Nancy," she said, as she waited to be buzzed through a second set of doors that led straight into the actual shelter part of Ruth's House.

This part of the shelter was much nicer, with a carpeted front room where their temporary residents could congregate and seventeen small private rooms with beds for sleeping.

Sam, who had come to Alabama five years ago to open the center, had somehow managed to make the industrial space look cozy, painting the walls a pale yellow and adding quality furniture, which was holding up well despite having seen better days.

Josie walked down the center's main hallway and knocked on a wooden door that had Director of Center Services written across it in peeling gold letters. She made a mental note to redo the sign herself when Sam wasn't looking. Her friend would pay for a hotel out of pocket if it meant keeping one woman safe for the night, but wouldn't ever divert funds to the upkeep of her office-if the converted broom closet that barely fit Sam's desk could really be called an office.

"Come in," Sam's lilting voice called from inside.

Josie walked in and found Sam digging through a file cabinet. "Hey, Josie. I'm just looking for this one thing that might be able to help me figure out how to get this other thing we really need if we want to-aha, found it!"

Sam pulled out a manila folder and waved it around triumphantly.

Josie shook her head. Samantha "Sam" McKinley was pretty, bright, warm, and generous, almost to a fault, but she wasn't exactly known for being succinct or even comprehensible at times.

"You're going to have to be more specific than that, girl," Josie said, dropping into Sam's guest chair.

Sam winced, her soft brown eyes clouding over as she dropped into her own chair. "It's this other grant we got at the last shelter I worked at. Technically, it's only supposed to go to shelters in Missouri, but maybe they'd be open to giving it to us, I mean considering all the good work we're doing."

Now Josie winced. "So we didn't get the grant."

Sam shook her head, a glum expression overtaking her usually sunny face. "I wish it was only as bad as we didn't get the grant. They made a point of saying our application was exceptional and we would have gotten the grant, but unfortunately, they lost funding for it, so they're no longer able to offer it."

Josie fell back in her chair, more than a little disappointed. Sadly, funds for social service grants were being cut all over the place, even as demands for those services were going up.

"But maybe..." Sam flipped through the application literature inside the folder, but then her shoulders sank a couple of pages in. "Shoot, has that stupid restriction, too."

Josie's heart sank. She didn't need a translation to understand what that meant. This grant also required whoever Sam hired with the funds it provided be in possession of a bachelor degree, which Josie didn't have because she had oh-so-stupidly followed her former husband to Atlanta during what was supposed to be her senior year of college as opposed to finishing up at University of Alabama at Birmingham.

Back then, it had finally felt like she was achieving her dream of leaving Alabama behind, but now her lack of degree had come back to bite her in the worst way. She'd been looking for work ever since moving back to Birmingham, and hadn't been able to find any. Even the lowliest office jobs seemed to want a college degree these days, and the twelve year gap on her resume didn't help either. Not for the first time, she cursed herself for letting Wayne convince her not to get a job after they got married. And she wondered once again how she could have been so stupid.

Sam let the folder drop out of her hand. "Okay, back to the internet. There's got to be something out there."

But Josie stopped what she could tell was going to become one of Sam's pep talks with a weary raised hand. "No, here's what we're going to do. We're going to start applying for those other grants you passed up in order to get me in here."

"No," Sam said.

"Yes," Josie insisted. "I never should have let you put all your eggs in this basket in the first place. You really do need another intake worker and new mattresses for the beds and all the other stuff we listed in our application."

"But you're the best intake worker we've had since starting this place! There's nobody better than you. I can't just let them take you away from us," Sam said.

Josie appreciated Sam's loyalty, but... "It's not about me. You can get by without me, but I've seen the finances, Sam. You've only got another few months to keep this place open, three tops if we don't get an infusion of cash. And you definitely can't keep it going with only one official intake worker. You should just hire somebody with a degree."

But Sam shook her head. "We can figure this out. I know there's a way to figure this out."

And they went back and forth like that, both too loyal to back down from their positions. By the time, they finally reached an agreement-to let Josie continue applying for grants until they could come up with a better solution-it was lunchtime. Josie scarfed down the sandwich she'd brought from home and spent the rest of the day calling around to other shelters to see if they could take their surplus residents, helping three of their temporary residents navigate Section 8, explaining to three different irate husbands that their wives weren't at the center (even though they were), and barely making a dent in the never-ending stream of paperwork for the state.

Yet at the end of her shift, she walked out of Ruth's House feeling satisfied and complete, even if she hadn't earned a dime that day. However, that feeling of accomplishment wasn't enough to keep her warm when she walked into her icebox of a trailer. Or provide her with decent food. It hit her again how bad her predicament was as she ate crackers and cold, congealed soup out of a can.

And though she put on a long-sleeved shirt, two sweaters, and a couple pairs of socks, that feeling of accomplishment wasn't enough to stop her from shivering or keep the gnawing hunger at bay as she fell asleep...

Only to be woken up a few hours later by the sound of a ringing phone. She came awake with a jolt and it took her a few moments to realize that the old-fashioned ringing was emanating from the trailer's landline.

Apparently, they hadn't shut off the phone service yet.

"Hello?" she said tentatively. "This is Josie Simmons-I mean Witherspoon. Josie Witherspoon."

The one thing Josie managed to do before leaving Atlanta was get her last name changed back to her maiden one. The prospect of continuing through life with Wayne's last name had been even less appealing than spending a few extra days in a city that held nothing but bad memories for her.

"Josie? Josie? Is that you, dear?" came a genteel voice down the line, one Josie recognized despite having not heard it in the year since her mama's funeral.

"Mrs. Prescott?" she said, more than a little surprised to hear from her mother's old employer. "Yes, it's me."

"Oh, thank goodness. I wasn't sure anyone would be at this old number. At least not anyone who knew you. I can't believe I managed to reach you on the first try!"

"Well, you got me. How are you, ma'am?" Her mother was dead, but Josie still couldn't keep the deference out of her voice when talking to Kitty Prescott. That was how thoroughly Loretta had trained her.

"Not well, I'm afraid," Mrs. Prescott answered. "Beau Jr.'s had a nasty accident, and he's coming home to Alabama. But I'm on an around-the-world cruise. As a matter of fact, we're about to dock in Madagascar. So I won't be able to get back to the States to take care of him any time soon."

Josie shook her head, still confused. From what she had seen growing up, even if Kitty Prescott hadn't been on the other side of the globe, she wouldn't have been the one taking care of her son. That had been Loretta's job since the day they'd moved in with the Prescott family when Beau was four years old, and Josie was two.

One of Josie's first memories had been her mama explaining to her how yes, Beau was with them almost 24/7, but no, he wasn't a really, really light-skinned black person related to them by blood. "He be with us, but he be a Prescott down to the bone. You see that clear when he grow up," her mother had said with bitterness in her voice.

And she had been right. Everything had come easily to the Prescott's golden boy: looks, accolades, money, and an almost preternatural athletic ability. And one day, Beau morphed from the fun boy she'd grown up with and eventually come to secretly love into a total prick.

But Josie's mama had trained her well. She managed to say to Kitty in her politest voice: "I'm sorry to hear Beau's doing so poorly. Please send him my best wishes, ma'am."

"Oh, we need you to do more than that, dear," Mrs. Prescott answered. "You see this accident of Beau's has left him temporarily disabled."

"Temporarily disabled?" Josie repeated. "What happened?"

"Well, you know, I can't watch him in those terrible football games of his. It just about wrecks my nerves. But from what I understand, he was about to throw the ball when a bunch of gorillas from the opposing team attacked him. And they blinded him!"

Now Josie felt bad about her previously unkind thoughts. Beau wasn't the nicest person she'd ever met, and she doubted his current stint as the starting quarterback for the Los Angeles Suns had made him any nicer, but she wouldn't wish such a life-changing accident on anyone.

"I'm real, real sorry to hear that," Josie said, this time with sincerity.

"Beau says this blindness is only a temporary condition, but you can't imagine how stressful this news has been for me," Mrs. Prescott said.

Josie shook her head again, a small smile appearing on her face. Same old Mrs. Prescott. A former Miss Alabama, Kitty had never stopped believing the world revolved around her. Josie's mama, Loretta, hadn't been able to take so much as a weekday off for a funeral without having to hear the next day about how much it had inconvenienced Kitty. And apparently her son's going temporarily blind was more stressful for Mrs. Prescott than anyone else, including Beau.

"I'm sure I can't," Josie said, once again falling back on her mama's lessons in domestic diplomacy.

"Carol, his L.A. assistant, arranged for a home aide to come in every morning to attend to Beau's most personal needs, but somebody has to cook his meals, and help him get around the house. And of course, he'd have to get hurt like this when I'm on the other side of the world."

Josie had to bite her tongue to keep from saying something sarcastic, like, "How thoughtless of him."

"But that's why I'm calling you, dear." Beau's mother said. "Please tell me another family hasn't already retained your services now that you're back in Alabama."

Josie's eyes narrowed. She was about to explain that although Loretta had worked as a housekeeper and caretaker for years, that didn't mean her daughter had grown up to do the same. But then she realized what Mrs. Prescott was really saying.

"Are you offering me a job, ma'am?"

"Yes, at least for a little while. I don't know exactly when this temporary blindness situation is supposed to end, but until it does, I want you to come to our house and take care of Beau," Mrs. Prescott answered. "I mean, I could try to call in a service, but who knows what they'd do without me there to supervise? Your mama was the only one I ever trusted to run my house properly and now that you're all grown up, you're the only one I could trust to take her place. Please say you can do it."

Then, taking Josie's answering silence as indecision, Mrs. Prescott said, "We're willing to pay you a whole two dollars more an hour than we paid your mama, and of course you'll have Loretta's old room to live in along with free board."

It was on the tip of Josie's tongue to say no. Her mother had scrimped and saved and made all manner of sacrifices so Josie would never have to work for a white family like Loretta had.

But then Josie quickly assessed her current situation: she was shivering in her grandmother's old trailer because she didn't have any heat, and she was fighting back heartburn from her less than satisfying dinner. Plus, Mrs. Prescott had said it would only be for a little while, just until Beau Jr. recovered. Why not take the job, especially if it came with free room and board, not to mention electricity and heat?

"Okay," she said, firmly pushing her pride to the wayside. "When do I start? Also, is it okay if I move in sooner than later-and by sooner, I mean like tonight?"

CHAPTER 2

JOSIE DIDN'T KNOW WHAT she expected when she went outside to wait for what she'd begun referring to in her head as the "Beau Prescott delivery." But when the stretch limo pulled into the house's circular driveway, the nervous energy that had been dogging her all morning spiked and she had to struggle to keep herself still while standing in front of the oversized Tudor's front door.

Calm down, Josie, she thought, reminding herself that Beau and she were adults now.

Sure, she had flashed back to their high school years with a terrible inward cringe more times than she cared to admit, considering she was now a grown woman and not a love-struck seventeen-year old. But Beau's life in Los Angeles was so beyond their relatively mundane shared past. He probably didn't even remember what had happened between them back in high school.

Plus, he'd been badly injured. She still wasn't clear on all the details, since the Suns had yet to release a statement, other than Beau was suffering from the side effects of a game-related concussion and would be out for the rest of the season. But she guessed he'd most likely be more concerned with recovering from his concussion than reliving his high school memories. Their new servant-employer relationship would be based on the grown-up versions of themselves, she assured herself, and at the very least, civil.

So then why did her heart start beating at what felt like one hundred miles per hour when the limo came to a stop right in front of her? And why did her breath actually catch when Beau Prescott stepped out, without waiting for the driver to come around to open his door?

From the way Mrs. Prescott had made it sound, she'd thought Beau would be a frail and sickly version of the football god she'd last seen at her mother's funeral, more than a year ago. But no, that wasn't the case at all. Sure he was dressed in slouchy jeans, Topsiders, and a dark green hoodie, instead of the sharp suits he usually wore when he was off the field. But somehow his leisure outfit still looked like it cost more than her best dress. And even though his thick black hair hung down messy and uncombed almost to his chin, and he was sporting a beard that didn't look like it had ever seen a pair of trimming scissors, it still wasn't enough to hide the classic good looks lurking underneath all that unchecked hair.

To Josie's disappointment Beau still exuded almost hyper-masculinity, he still looked like a football god, and he was still completely mesmerizing. Worst of all, he still put her in mind of a superhero straight out of the comic books she used to read when she was kid, back when she was still silly enough to nurse a secret crush on him.

If anything, he was even more ruggedly, ridiculously handsome-almost too handsome. And the only thing indicating there might be something wrong with him were the designer sunglasses covering his eyes, even though it was overcast outside.

"Why am I still standing here?" Beau asked, his voice cut across the blustery day like a bullhorn. "I thought my mother hired somebody to make sure I wasn't left standing in the goddamn driveway."

These words snapped Josie right out of her staring spell. She rushed toward him, getting there just as the driver, a slightly older man with a thick grey mustache, did.

"That's all right, I've got this," Josie said, taking Beau's arm before the driver could.

The words were barely out of her mouth before Beau was turning toward her voice, and at the same time, yanking his arm away like he'd just been touched by someone with a contagious disease.

She must have startled him, she realized, kicking herself inwardly. She'd been reading up on tending to the newly blind and more than one source had warned against not announcing yourself before touching a blind person.

"I'm sorry, Mr. Prescott," she said. "I should have told you I was going to touch you before I did. I didn't mean to come at you out of the blue like that."

But he continued to stand there, breathing hard and rough, like a bear who'd been surprised in his cave.

Maybe, Josie thought with another mental kick, he didn't recognize her voice. It had been years since they'd last seen each other, and they'd only exchanged a few terse words at her mother's funeral. "It's all right, Mr. Prescott," she assured him. "It's me, Josie Witherspoon."

"I know who you are," he answered, like she was nothing less than an idiot for reintroducing herself. "What the hell are you doing here?"

Josie's eyes widened. "Your mama didn't tell you?"

"Tell me what?" he asked, between gritted teeth.

He looked so furious Josie actually took a step back before saying, "She hired me to take care of you."

"She did what?" he yelled.

"She hired me to take care of you...?" Josie repeated slowly. She'd thought the nervous energy from before was bad, but now her heart was beating with the thunder of a million horses in her chest.

This was not good. She hadn't expected Beau to be this angry about her being here. And now he was yelling at her, which made her as skittish as a foal in fog.

"I'm sorry," she whispered, trying not to let her mind go to Wayne. "I thought she told you."

"No, she didn't fucking tell me." His jaw set and his left hand clenched and unclenched, a move she recognized from his high school days, a sign he was holding his anger in check while figuring out what to do next. "Where's the guy who drove me here?"

"Right here, sir." The limo driver stepped up. "My name is Miguel, and I'm at your service," he said as if it were a first time introduction, and even though he'd probably already told Beau his name when he picked him up at the airport. "What can I do for you?"

"Take me in the house," Beau bit out.

The driver, who had probably been given instructions to hand Beau over at the front door, looked askance at Josie.

"Okay, I can just lead the way. No problem," Josie said, scrambling to reconcile this situation with the research she'd done to prepare for her new job as Beau's caretaker.

"Okay, Mr. Prescott, we're at the steps now," she said, as the driver guided Beau toward the front door. "There's four of them, I'll count them out for you."

Beau didn't answer, so she counted the steps as he and Miguel took them one at a time.

"Now we're in the foyer," she said when they got inside. "You want to sit down for a spell? I could bring you something to drink, or some food if you're hungry."

"No," he answered, his voice sharp and hard. "I want to go to my room. Now."

"All right. That's totally fine," she said, throwing Miguel an apologetic look. The poor man had definitely not signed up for this. "If you could just lead him to the big staircase over there." Then to Beau: "Mr. Prescott, we're at the big staircase now. Lots of steps, I'll count them as we go up."

"No." His voice was colder than a decade of Northern winters. "No more telling me where I am, no more counting."

Josie's face fell. "But the counting is so you can get used to moving around the house on your own," she said. "Counting the stairs out might seem silly now, but it will help you memorize the numbers when I'm not around."

"Why's my mom paying you if you're not going to be around?" he asked. Then, before she could answer, he waved Miguel forward. "Take me upstairs."

She thanked Miguel profusely after they'd arrived in Beau's old room. Another thing her mother had taught her was to be twice as kind to the other help as she was to the Prescotts. "Let me just go get a tip out of the mad money..."

But Miguel shook his head, "No, ma'am, that's already taken care of," he answered.

"Oh no, I couldn't let you leave here without something."

"Really, it's all right, ma'am. I was paid a tip in advance."

"Yes, but-"

"He said it was taken care of, Josie," Beau said. "Let him go already."

She pursed her lips, about ready to tell Beau what he could do with his edicts and commands, but then she remembered how much she needed this job and her room with it's little amenities-like heat and electricity.

"Well, then I hope you know how grateful we are for your assistance," she said to Miguel, pasting a tight-lipped smile on her face. She then decided to wait for the driver to get all the way out the house before she attempted to reason with Beau again.

While she did so, she looked around the room, realizing if Beau could see, this probably would have been the first time he set eyes on his old bedroom since college. Before Wayne had moved Loretta into her own apartment in Birmingham, she had told Josie that Beau never came home after he went pro, preferring to occasionally fly his parents out to visit him in L.A. rather than come back to Alabama.

"Guess he too good for this place now," her mother had said.

But Josie hadn't been able to judge him. She'd started staying away from Alabama herself by then, too, mostly at Wayne's behest. He'd claimed he couldn't do without her but also that he couldn't get away from work to go home with her.

At first she'd been flattered by his desire to keep her by his side, but eventually, she'd come to see Wayne's supposed devotion for what it really was: his way of keeping her separated from the people she loved, the people who might have helped her.

Maybe it was a good thing Beau couldn't see this place now, she thought to herself now. She'd suspected Mrs. Prescott wouldn't be the kind of woman who would leave a room as a shrine to her son, even one who had been as good at football as Beau had been from the start, and she'd been right. His former bedroom now looked like it belonged in an upscale bed and breakfast with its large four-poster bed, an expensive looking Persian rug on the floor, wallpaper covered in a delicate fleur de lys pattern, a crystal chandelier, and lace curtains adorning the huge bay window that looked out onto the back lawn and the woods that lie beyond it.

It was definitely fussier and decidedly more feminine than what Beau was probably used to. She'd once run across a feature on him in one of Wayne's sports magazines. It had a photo of Beau in an ultra-modern and very masculine penthouse surrounded by lots of windows, sleek black and red furniture, and ample white space. A far cry from his current surroundings, that was for sure.

She finally heard the front door close behind Miguel and said, "Just so you know, your room no longer looks like it used to. If you don't mind taking my arm, I can give you a quick tour."

She stood to the side of him and held out her arm, but he didn't make any move to step closer. Instead, he said, "Is the intercom still to the right of the door?"

She looked over her shoulder to the little white box that would allow him to call her, no matter where she was in the house. "It sure is."

"I'll use it if I need it. Now leave."

"But-"

"Get out," he said.

She hesitated. Yes, he was being an ass, an even bigger one than he'd been in high school (and that was saying something). But after all the reading she'd done, she felt bad abandoning him in the middle of an unfamiliar room without even a cane to help him find his way around.

"Are you sure there's nothing else I can get you?" she persisted.

"What part of 'get out' don't you understand?" he asked before turning his head away from her voice, as if to dismiss her with both words and body.

After a few uncomfortable ticks, she decided to do as he'd commanded. He was newly blind, she reminded herself, and needed her sympathy and understanding.

"Oh, and Josie?" he said behind her.

She turned back around. "Yes? Is there something I can bring you?"

"I was just wondering if you were alive."

"You're wondering if I'm alive?" she asked, frowning. Could he be having even more side effects from the concussion? "Of course I'm alive."

He smirked and a bit of the old Alabama drawl laced his words as he asked, "You're not a ghost? Or maybe one of them zombies?"

"No," she answered, truly alarmed now and wondering if a visit to the hospital might be in order. "Can I ask why you're asking me these questions?"

"Because you're working for me now," he answered. Then he smiled in her direction, his voice flat and hard. "And it sounds to me like you're still breathing."

And with that, Josie knew the amicable working relationship she'd been hoping for was nothing more than a pipe dream.

Beau hadn't forgotten what happened when she crossed him all those years ago. In fact, he seemed to remember every single bit of it down to the fine details. He had no intention of letting bygones be bygones. And he finally had her where she had vowed to never be.

Right under his thumb.

CHAPTER 3

I SHOULDN'T HAVE COME BACK HERE, Beau thought to himself while sitting in the bay window of his old bedroom.

He couldn't see what lay beyond the glass, but he'd spent so much time at the window as a boy, he knew the scene by heart: an immaculate lawn, a gazebo, and a large shed that doubled as a hiding place if you wanted to get away from your life as the only child of Beau Prescott Sr., the last in a long line of Prescott steel magnates that stretched all the way back to the mid-nineteenth century.

When Beau had lived here for real, looking at the never-changing scene had been enough to calm him down after yet another fight with his father about how he should have gotten an A+ as opposed to an A-, about how football was beneath a Prescott, about how he needed to start doing more to live up to the Prescott name.

But he couldn't take much comfort in the familiar scene now, since he couldn't see it. He took off his sunglasses and rubbed a hand over his face. This damn blindness was turning his life into a nightmare.

And it had made living in Los Angeles unbearable. Suddenly everything he'd enjoyed about his life was gone. The football, the partying-even the never-ending stream of girls had come to a standstill. After getting cleared for sex by his doctors, he'd tried to get it on with two groupies, only to find out a certain part of him hadn't been down to party.

Not for those two girls. Not for the one his agent had sent him in lieu of a get-well card, or the one he had hired from a discreet escort service in a fit of desperation.

He'd asked his mother to arrange his return home partly out of frustration and partly because he couldn't stand living in L.A. as a shadow of his former self. The last thing he'd expected upon his return home was to find Josie Witherspoon waiting for him on the goddamn front steps.

He hadn't even needed her to tell him who she was. Her smell, her voice, her undeniable presence-he recognized it all in an instant. And despite his worries about whether he could still get it up after the concussion, he immediately knew it was all bullshit, because his dick had gone hard as a rock as soon as she touched his arm.

He mentally cursed his mother. It was one thing not to show up to see to him like any decent mother would have. He had long ago stopped expecting even a minimum of maternal behavior from her. But to hire Josie Witherspoon of all people...

His cock throbbed with almost painful need just knowing she was here, in the same house. It was even worse than when they had been teenagers and Josie had decided to go and sprout some serious curves the summer before she started at Forest Brook Senior High. The summer she turned seventeen.

He'd tried not to look, reminded himself Josie and he had practically been raised together, like brother and sister. But he definitely didn't feel like her brother that hot afternoon when he watched her plump, heart-shaped butt swaying back and forth underneath her jean shorts as she walked out to the shed with a green apple and a stack of sci-fi books.

The airy shed held special meaning for her, too. It had been her favorite place to read since she was eight, and often when he saw her walking out there, he'd join her with one of the "great men of industry" biographies his father was always haranguing him to read. But that afternoon, instead of grabbing a book and joining her, he'd stood frozen on the back porch, hypnotized by her beautiful backside, to the point that he didn't hear his father come up behind him.

"She isn't for you, Son."

He turned, startled, to find his father staring at him. Hard. "I was just..." Then he trailed off, not wanting to lie, but not knowing how else to explain why he'd been ogling Loretta's daughter.

"I know exactly what you were doing, Junior, and I'm telling you, she isn't for you."

Beau Sr. was a few inches shorter than his son, but that didn't make him any less intimidating when he stepped out onto the porch. "That Mindy LaSalle girl, she's fine. A good girl from a good family. But you're a Prescott and Prescott men don't need to be associating with the help. Do you understand?"

"She's not the help," Beau answered. "I mean, I wasn't planning on getting with her or anything, but she's not the help. She's Loretta's daughter."

His father leveled him with a censorious look. "You know what I mean. And if you don't want to listen to me on this, think about Loretta, the woman you claim to love like a second mother." He nodded toward the shed. "Loretta's put just about near everything she's earned in a college fund for that little gal. And she wouldn't want you sniffing around her daughter."

Beau looked away and felt his face grow hot. He would never want to jeopardize her future, nor did he want to disappoint Loretta. Out of the corner of his eye, he saw his father give him a grave shake of his silver head, "She isn't for you, Junior. Leave her alone."

And though Beau managed to stand up to his father about all sorts of things, including playing football, that short conversation had left him feeling guilty and uneasy. Not just because he got caught checking out Josie, but because of the how his father had made it sound like him having any kind of feelings for Josie would somehow ruin her. Plus, he already had a girlfriend, Mindy, the cute cheerleader who was a shoe-in for homecoming queen that year.

As a result, shunning Josie had felt less like a dick move and more like something he had to do when she came bouncing up to him on the first day of the school year to ask if she could catch a ride home after football practice. He was standing with his teammates, and Josie, it seemed, still hadn't figure out that her new curves made not only him, but also other guys look at her as more than the knobby and bespectacled kid who liked to tag along with him from time to time.

His buddies all slid knowing looks at him, and one even asked, "How's Mindy gonna feel about that?" just low enough that Beau could hear it, even if Josie could not.

"Look," he said to Josie, shifting his backpack to his other shoulder, "you can talk to me when I'm at home and I need a plate of cookies or whatever, but when we're here, I don't know you. You're gonna have to take the bus."

His friends had snickered, and for a moment, Josie looked incredibly hurt, like a puppy who had been kicked. But to her credit, she quickly rearranged her face to a neutral setting and walked away with her chin up, like Beau wasn't worth her hurt look or another moment of her time.

But his cruel words got the job done. After that, he didn't have to worry about Josie finding out just how much he liked her because she went out of her way to avoid him at school, home, or anywhere else. In fact, they didn't exchange more than two words until her stick of a best friend decided to make moves on Mindy.

When Beau had let Mike get him riled up on beer and big talk, he'd told himself that hunting Colin down was a matter of pride.

But as soon as he saw Josie, his body had reacted. It had been all he could do to mask how much he wanted her under the cover of wanting to fight the boy she spent most of her time with outside of school.

And when she'd stepped up to protect Colin from Beau, talking about how much more talented he was, he'd just snapped. Before that, he'd only been planning to scare the junior a bit, but now he wanted to punch the guy's face in. And it had only pissed him off more when Josie jumped on his back, refusing to let go, so his only choice was to hurt her in order to get him off of her, or agree not to hurt Fairgood.

He'd been furious as he watched them walk away, furious to the point that the plan, which took form in his head, didn't only seem like a valid way to get around the promise he'd made not to beat up Fairgood, but also the best way to get the revenge he deserved.

Two days after the almost-fight, he went looking for her in the shed, where she'd set up a slab of wood across two piles of extra bricks that she used as a desk. He knew this was where she preferred to study on nights when it wasn't too hot or cold.

However, when he found her hunched over her little makeshift desk, reading a textbook with an elegant, brass magnifying glass, he almost abandoned his plan. Yeah, she had crossed him and the one thing he'd inherited from his successful father was an in-born refusal to ever let anybody get away with that. But unlike him, Josie didn't have a bedroom of her own, which must have made it hard to find quiet places to study even in a house as big as theirs.

But then he remembered her calling him talentless in comparison to the guy who'd stolen his girlfriend, and he hardened his heart.

"Well, look what we've got here," he said with false camaraderie.

She squinted up at him like a myopic squirrel then jumped out of her seat, hiding the magnifying glass behind her back. "Beau, what are you doing here?"

"I see you got into my dad's desk," he said, nodding toward the magnifying glass. "It's an antique, you know, passed down in our family for at least three centuries."

Josie had spunk to spare most days, but he knew Loretta had taught her from her first day at the Prescott home that she was never to touch anything she wasn't cleaning, much less take it out to the shed for her own personal use.

Just as he expected, she responded to his joking accusation like a Saturday sinner on Sunday morning. "I'm sorry," she said. "But I'm going to put it back as soon as I can. Please don't tell your daddy. It was the only one I could find in the whole house, and my mama won't be able to get me new glasses until she gets paid at the end of the month, but I have to do my school work..."

She trailed off when he held out a rectangular-shaped case wrapped in last year's Christmas paper to her. "What is that?" she asked, squinting harder.

"A gift," he answered. "Take it."

She might have felt bad about stealing the magnifying glass, but that didn't stop her from throwing him a suspicious look.

"Why would you, Beau Prescott, be buying me, Josie Witherspoon, a gift?"

"Because, despite what you think, I'm not the devil, and I want to make amends. Now open it, will you?"

The look on her face said she didn't quite believe his claim about not being the devil, but she took the present from him anyway. Then she opened the package, with the look of someone expecting a snake to pop out.

However, her suspicion rapidly disappeared when she found the clamshell eyeglass case inside. Someone would think he'd given her a diamond necklace the way her face lit up.

"You got me glasses?" She pulled out the cat-eye glasses and put them on, blinking her large brown eyes behind the thin lenses. "And they're just right! How did you know my prescription?"

"I went back, got your old glasses up off the ground, and brought them into LensCrafters. They said they could make you a new pair based on the prescription from the old pair. All I had to do was pick out some new frames. Hope you like them, they didn't have that many cat-eye glasses in the store."

"I love them!" she said. Then she sheepishly admitted, "The truth is, the only reason I was wearing cat-eyes was because those were my grandma's old frames from the sixties. You wouldn't believe how heavy they were. I think they must have made them out of lead or something back then. But these are real light!" She took the glasses off and turned them over in her hands like they were a precious artifact. "Are these featherweight lenses?"

"The lady at LensCrafters said those were the best kind for a prescription as strong as yours."

She put the glasses back on and smiled at him for the first time in almost a year. "Oh Beau, I don't even know how to begin to thank you. I mean, you really didn't have to. Mama and me would've managed, but this is just so... I don't even have words. Thank you, thank you, thank you."

He shrugged. "No big deal. Sorry about stepping on your glasses."

"Sorry about jumping on your back. I was just trying to-"

"I know what you were trying to do," he said, finding it hard to keep the bitterness out of his voice, even though that wasn't part of the plan.

She smoothed her hair, which she wore in long, synthetic braids, behind her ear. "I'm just real surprised, that's all. I thought you hated me."

"I don't hate you."

She snorted. "Could have fooled me."

Even though this had all been pre-planned, his heart started beating faster when he insisted, "I don't hate you. If anything, I like you too much." He cast his eyes away. "That's why I've been trying to keep my distance from you since you started at Forest Brook."

Her eyes narrowed behind her new eyeglasses. "Now I know you got jokes, Beau Prescott. There is no way you're giving me more than two thoughts when I'm not keeping you from beating up kids half your size."

He shook his head, and took a step closer to her. "Why are you finding it so hard to believe someone like me might like someone like you?"

Now her face went from laughing to flustered. "Because I'm not blond or rich. Because I don't look like any of the popular girls at Forest Brook."

"No, you don't," he agreed, taking yet another step closer to her. "But you're smart and loyal to a fault. You stand your ground, and you don't back down."

He took off her glasses, so he could fully see her nut-brown face without anything in the way. And his next words were completely true: "And I don't care if you're not blond, you're so goddamn pretty, I always have a hard time not staring when you walk by."

She blinked. "Really?"

He shook his head at her, "You got Fairgood and me mooning after you and you don't even know it."

She shook her head. "No, I don't think so. Colin and me are just friends."

"If Fairgood and you are just friends, that's because you haven't given him the green light," he said with a lazy smirk. "Everybody at Forest Brook knows he's got a thing for you."

"No," she said with another shake of her head. "If he liked me, why was he under the stairs kissing your girlfriend last week?"

"My ex-girlfriend," he corrected. "And being a fellow guy, I'm guessing he was trying to make you jealous, but it backfired, 'cause all that happened is you ended up defending him against me and getting your glasses broke."

She laughed, but continued shaking her head, "No, you're wrong."

"I'm not wrong," he said. And he stepped closer.

The smile faded from her face. "You are."

"No, I'm not," he said.

"Yes, you are-"

He cut her off with a kiss, and she let out a little whimper of surprise before wrapping her arms around his neck and kissing him back.

The plan had been one make-out session with Josie, one make-out session only. He'd known he'd like the making out part, just not how much.

What started off soft soon blazed into something red hot. He pushed his tongue inside her mouth and explored it with rough passion, but soon even that wasn't enough. Making sounds he'd never made with Mindy deep in his throat, he pushed her into the nearest shed wall, his large body blanketing hers.

"Why the hell do you taste so good?" he asked against her mouth, like cinnamon and something else he couldn't name. It made him want to taste other parts of her body, just to see.

And just like that, what he'd originally intended as nothing more than a make-out session raged out of control.

He unbuckled her jeans and bent down.

"Beau? What are you doing?" she asked and then gasped when he buried his head between her legs, kissing her there with just as much passion as he'd kissed her lips.

"Oh my God," she gasped out. "What's happening? What's happening?"

Then her pelvis went rigid against his face and she came with a sweet cry.

Any thought he might have had about not fucking her went right out the shed window when she arched her pussy into his mouth, overcome with the climax. He stood. She looked so beautiful with her jeans and panties pooled around her ankles, in only a long-sleeved, boat-neck t-shirt covering her top half. Her womanhood glistened with her climax and called to him like no other girl's ever had.

Their eyes locked for what felt to him to be a centuries-long moment, during which either of them could have turned back. But then she surprised him, by reaching out to him as tentatively as she had reached out to take his gift just a few minutes ago.

She stroked his face and looked into his eyes with what seemed like sincere wonderment. "Is this really happening?" she asked. "Or are you messing with me? Tell me the truth, Beau Prescott."

Now he shook his head. What had started out as a trick on his part had morphed into something else, something he'd been trying to resist but couldn't deny himself any longer. And he spoke the truth when he said, "No, Josie, no. I want to be with you. I never wanted to be with another girl the way I want to be with you."

Her eyes softened and she stepped all the way out of her jeans and panties before tugging his head down, this time bringing his mouth to meet hers.

His heart just about exploded. Could it be Josie felt the same way he did? That they'd both been trying to fight their feelings for one another all this time? He kissed her with all the eagerness of the schoolboy he was and the passion of the man she made him want to be. A man worthy of Josie Witherspoon.

But then the time for introspection came to an end. He pulled a condom out of his wallet and put it on, stopping only to kiss her pretty lips every few seconds or so until it was finally on. He pushed into her, but then froze when she gasped out in pain and he could feel that he'd hit an unexpected barrier.

"You're a virgin..." he said, his face paling above hers. "I didn't even think about it or else I would have gone slower. I would have..."

She covered his mouth with her hand. "Beau, I'm okay. I'm glad it's gone, and I'm glad it's you, okay?"

Those words sent him over the edge. He wrapped her leg around his waist, loving the way her soft thigh felt against his hard body. Then he was moving inside of her with tentative strokes that got bolder as a sweet fire began to build in both of them.

The very last fragments of his original plan disappeared without a trace and were soon replaced with the intent to make her his. He didn't care what his father said or the rest of town. He was Beau Prescott, and he'd make Josie Witherspoon his girl no matter what it took.

"Beau, Beau," she said, so goddamn pretty against his shoulder as her breath hitched faster and faster. She was almost there.

And so was he. But he wouldn't let himself come first, he swore. He'd think about football, Mike's grandma in a bikini, the yard tools in the shed, anything if it meant giving her as much pleasure as possible.

"Oh, Beau!" she whispered with awe. "I'm..."

Her whole body arched into his again, and he couldn't hold on anymore. "Oh hell, Josie." He released into the condom with a groan.

Then he collapsed against her, spent and happier than he'd been when he'd thrown that fifty-yard touchdown at the state championship game the year before. For a few moments they stood there together, arms around each other, breathing hard, both in shock over what had just happened.

Until a sharp voice behind him said, "Josie Marie Witherspoon!"

And all hell broke loose.

"Oh, my God. Mama!" Josie pushed against his chest. "Get off me!"

He pulled out of her, hastily pulling his own jeans up over his waist.

Loretta Witherspoon stood there with a plate of food he recognized as leftovers from the dinner she'd served his family earlier that night, her face a combination of shock and anger. "I can't believe what I'm seeing. Oh, Lord, help me."

"Mama, no. It's not what you think." Josie said. He turned towards her and found she was already back in her jeans.

"It's exactly what I think," Loretta snapped, her eyes filled with disgust. "I can't even look at you."

"Loretta, calm down, I can explain," Beau began.

But Josie interrupted him. "Mama, I made a mistake. But I swear to you I'm not-"

Before she could finish that sentence, Loretta had already turned around and headed out the door, her angry words trailing back towards them both. "I don't believe you could do this to me! After all I done told you, after all I've done for you."

"Mama, I swear I'm not in love with him. We were just messing around. Mama, please!"

She started to go after her, but Beau who had been about to claim his undying love for Josie before she began swearing up and down that she didn't feel that way about him, grabbed her arm.

"What do you mean you made a mistake?" he asked her.

She gave him a withering look. "You know exactly what I mean, Beau Prescott. You came in here with all your sweet talk and your featherweight glasses, and I ended up doing something I shouldn't have, ever."

"Why not?" he asked.

She tried to snatch her arm back, but he wouldn't let go.

"Why not?" he asked again.

She glared at him. "Because you're Beau Prescott, rich asshole quarterback, and I'm better than that."

Her words felt worse than a punch to the gut, and he dropped her arm. "You think that's all there is to me?"

"I know that's all there is to you," she spat back. "And I must have lost my damn mind to let you anywhere near me."

She angrily readjusted her new glasses on her face. Then as if remembering where she got them from, she said. "But thank you for the glasses. Now we're even, I guess."

With that, she ran after her mother, leaving him there like he wasn't even worth a goodbye. And for the rest of the weekend, she refused to so much as look at him, much less explain why she had turned on a dime like that, all hot for him one minute, then acting like he was a walking pile of radioactive waste the next.

He tried to corner her on Sunday morning after he saw Loretta leave for church without her.

"Josie, if it's Loretta you're upset about, I can make her understand. But you've got to give me something here."

Josie rolled her eyes. "It's not my mama, Beau, it's you. I shouldn't have touched you with a ten-foot pole. I know it. She knows it. Everybody knows it but you. So just leave me alone, okay?"

Then she'd walked away from him again, leaving him to simmer over the contempt he'd heard in her voice, like what he'd regarded as the single best moment of his life had been the single worst moment of hers. Really, it had seemed like more of an eye for an eye than hurt feelings when he came up to her and Colin in the hallway the following Monday at school, his body thrumming with boiling anger.

They were laughing over something at her locker. Those two always seemed to be laughing together, like they were the only people on Earth clever enough for the other's company.

He interrupted their conversation by saying loud enough for everyone in the hallway to hear, "Guess what, Fairgood. I fucked your crush but good last Friday in my family's shed."

Then he shoved Colin into the lockers, and it was like swallowing a whole gallon of satisfaction when the junior hit the metal compartments with a loud clang that reverberated down the now silent hallway. Everything had come to a standstill and everybody was watching with mouths gaping open.

Beau's next words were meant for Colin, but he looked straight at Josie when he said them. "Now we're even."

Then he strutted away. However, this time, Josie didn't walk away like the last time he embarrassed her at school.

"Thank you, Beau Prescott," she yelled behind him. "Thank you for showing me and everybody else you really are as big of an asshole as I thought you were."

His only answer to that was to give her the finger over his shoulder as he walked away. After that, they both made it a point to steer clear of each other until Beau went off to college to play football first string for the Crimson Tide at the University of Alabama.

But he'd thought about the incident a lot over the years. Mostly because it hadn't worked.

What happened between them should have killed any desire he ever had for Josie. But humiliating her in front of Colin and a hallway full of students and teachers hadn't kept his dick from going hard with memories of the one time they'd been together whenever their paths crossed his senior year or when he came home for college vacations. He'd even found himself trying to leash in his desire for her at Loretta's funeral, which she'd attended with her husband.

And now here he was, unable to see and completely dependent on her.

What had happened to the husband she been with at Loretta's funeral? And why was she acting so subservient with him? The Josie he used to know would have never deferred to him as Mr. Prescott.

He lifted up and pulled the special phone his assistant, Carol, had given him out of his back pocket. It was a large, rectangular cell phone with oversized buttons covered in braille numbers. And, according to Carol, it was fully voice-activated and set to speakerphone, so he wouldn't have to constantly speak a command then hold the phone to his ear to hear the answer.

"Call Mom," he said.

"No number matches that request," the phone answered in a robotic monotone.

He frowned, hating that he couldn't just look up the number in his contacts like he used to. Then he tried again. "Call Kitty Prescott."

"Dialing..." the phone said.

And Kitty Prescott answered the phone with a breezy hello.

"What the hell were you thinking, hiring Josie Witherspoon?" he demanded.

"Beau, darling, is that you?"

"Who else would it be asking why the hell you'd hired Josie Witherspoon behind my back?" he asked.

"Don't curse at me. I am your mother," she said.

"A mother who didn't even visit me in the hospital," he answered bitterly.

"Oh, Beau, you know I can't bear hospitals. Hold on a moment, darling."

And he was forced to listen to her order a martini, "very dry, three olives," from an unseen waiter, before she came back to the phone and said, "I would have thought you'd be pleased. I know how much you cherished Loretta growing up, and I thought calling her daughter would be a long shot at best, but as it turns out, she's moved back to Alabama."

"With her husband?" he asked.

"No," his mother answered. "She said she wasn't married anymore. You know how popular divorce is these days with you young people. But it's for the best, really, because that means she can live on the property just like Loretta did. You won't want for anything, and I'll know you're in good hands."

Beau screwed up his face. "You can't just switch out Loretta for her daughter. It's not the same."

"I don't see why not," his mother answered with the entitlement of a woman who had grown up in a South at a time when daughters really did take over their mothers' housekeeping duties. "Josie was always a very pleasant girl, and I'm sure she'll do a fine job taking care of you. If she doesn't, just let me know, and we'll bring in someone else. "

"Bring in someone else," he said. "Now."

"Oh, Beau, don't be like that. You haven't even given the poor girl a chance!"

"I don't want to give her a chance. I don't want her here. Get somebody else."

Kitty let out an exasperated sigh. "Beau, darling, you are letting this injury overcome the few good manners I managed to instill in you. In a few weeks, if you're truly unhappy with the job she's doing, then we can talk about replacing her. But really, you can't expect me to fire her on her first day."

"I can and I do, since I didn't even agree to hire her in the first place."

"Oh, here's Stavros. I'll let him know you called purely to be difficult and ungrateful yet again."

Stavros was his mother's travel companion. A Greek man just a few years older than him, who she'd taken up with just a few respectful enough years after his father's death from a heart attack.

"Mother."

"Toodle-loo, darling."

"Mother-"

The connection went dead.

He let out a string of curse words and threw the phone. Then he let out another string when he realized he was going to have a hell of a time finding it again.

He had no idea why Josie was back in Alabama, or even why she'd agreed to take the job after so vehemently swearing she'd never work for him. But one thing was certain, he was even more turned on by the girl who lived in their attic than he'd been when he was a kid full of raging hormones. And there was even less chance that she'd sleep with him now.

CHAPTER 4

THE NEXT MORNING Josie woke up in the same twin bed she used to sleep in as a teen. Her muscles ached from all the floors she had angrily scrubbed after Beau pointed out that she was working for him now, despite her high school vow that she never would. And the first thing to greet her when she woke up that morning was a fresh wave of humiliation.

What would her mother do if she could see Josie now? Working in the same house, doing the same job she'd done, even though Loretta had wanted so much more for her daughter?

"We need to talk, little girl," Loretta had said when Josie had come tiptoeing into their shared room one summer night after her curfew.

But the sneaking in hadn't been necessary. Loretta was sitting up in the twin bed across from hers with the lamp on when Josie crept in, obviously awaiting her daughter's arrival.

"Where was you at?" Loretta asked her, before she'd even closed the door behind her.

"I was just looking at the stars again," Josie answered, waving the large constellation book Colin bought her for her birthday the month before. "You can see Jupiter tonight."

"With that skinny Fairgood boy?"

That was when Josie had begun to feel uncomfortable. No, she hadn't been with Colin.

She'd only been on the roof for a few minutes when Beau had come climbing up with a backpack strung over his shoulders.

"What are you doing here?" she'd asked. She hadn't seen Beau on a Friday night in who knew how long. Unlike her, he was the kind of boy who always had things to do and people to do them with come the weekend.

But here he was after dark, pulling a wooden box out of his backpack. "Saw you up here from my bedroom window and I thought you could use this. Found it in some of our old stuff."

He opened the box and pulled out a brass spyglass. It was obviously an antique, and it gleamed in the moonlight. "My dad only uses it when he goes out boating, but it should work out here, too. Here, try it."

Their hands touched when she took it from him, and Josie could only hope to God he couldn't hear how fast her heart started beating when that happened.

Lately Beau had gone from being just a boy she thought about like a pseudo big brother, to the guy who set her heart to racing at break-neck speeds whenever he came to occupy the same space as her. And what had started out as a little flutter of liking at the beginning of summer had developed into a full-blown crush by the end.

She'd done her best to hide her feelings. Beau was the town's football star, he was dating a pretty cheerleader, and from what she'd seen the few times she and Loretta had gone to see him play, there were plenty of girls lined up to take Mindy's place when he was done with her.

Josie, on the other hand, was poor, nerdy, and black. There was no way a guy like Beau would be interested in a girl like her.

She busied herself pulling the spyglass out to its full length and using it to scan the night sky until she found a bright circle with two dots on either side. Jupiter and its four moons. "Hey, I found Jupiter, and... wow! It's so beautiful."

She turned to thank him for bringing up the antique telescope, but her smile faded to confusion when she found him staring at her instead of the stars.

She cleared her throat, which had suddenly gone very dry, and said, "Here, you take a look."

She carefully handed him the spyglass, and this time she made sure their fingers didn't touch.

He peered carefully through the lens and then gasped softly. "Yeah, I see it! Ain't that something! This nerd stuff of yours isn't half bad, Josie."

"Yeah, it's something all right." She kept her eyes firmly on Jupiter, which could also be seen with the naked eye, just not as clearly as with the help of a more powerful lens. "So why are you up here instead of out with your girlfriend?"

"Got grounded," Beau answered. "Old man's pissed because he found out I was back in two-a-days this week."

Two-a-days were the morning and afternoon practices Forest Brook football players were expected to attend almost two full months before school began. "But Mr. Prescott's been telling everybody you weren't going to play this year, since your already won the state championship last year."

"I know that's what he's been telling people, but I never agreed to that."

"You just let him believe it," Josie said.

Beau lowered the spyglass. "I just let him believe what he wanted to believe and got Mom to sign the permission slip after she came back from tennis at the club."

Josie cracked a small smile. Mrs. Prescott ostensibly went to the Forest Brook Country Club every week to play tennis with the other trophy wives, but almost always came home without a bead of sweat on her body, slightly unsteady on her feet, and smelling of the expensive bourbon the club used in their mint juleps.

"So now he can't threaten to yank you out of football because Mrs. Prescott already signed the permission slip."

"And, more importantly, him yanking me out of football would make us look bad." He lowered his voice to his father's grave registers. "We Prescotts must never show dissention in our ranks."

Josie laughed.

"So now he says I'm grounded until the beginning of the school year unless I either quit football or apologize for going behind his back."

These options, Josie knew, were actually a trick. Prescott men didn't apologize, and on the few occasions Beau had done so as a child, he'd gotten leveled with an even worse punishment for daring to break one of the family's most steadfast rules. So really, Mr. Prescott was telling his son to either quit football or spend the rest of the summer in the house.

She took the spyglass back from him. "I think you can see Saturn tonight, too." She scanned the sky. "There it is, and you can sort of make out the rings."

She handed the telescope back to him and pointed to a star shining less brightly than Jupiter. "Take a look for yourself."

"Oh, yeah, I see it," he said. But then after a few beats went by, he said, "I know Dad wants me to grow up to be like him and all those other Prescott men, but the truth is, I'm scared to death of becoming like him." He lowered the spyglass. "I'd rather die than turn into my dad."

She peeked sideways at him. "If you don't want to be like him then you should keep on playing football. Don't let him take it away from you."

Beau turned to look at her then, his silver eyes gleamed almost as brightly as the stars in the moonlight. "You think it's that simple?" he asked, his voice laced with skepticism.

"If you wanna do the things you love and not the stuff your daddy says you should, then yeah, it is," she said. "So I guess the question is, do you love football like that?"

He regarded her with the strangest expression on his face, and then he said, "Yeah, yeah I do."

She grinned. "Then you don't have to worry. You won't turn out like your daddy."

She would have thought he might have left after that. Gone to watch TV or talk on the phone with Mindy. But he had stayed up there with her on the roof, helping her look up constellation after constellation and then find it with the telescope. And even though it was a Friday night, he'd acted like there was no other place he'd rather be.

In fact, it had been she who'd ended the constellation search shortly after realizing it was midnight and that she had totally blown her curfew.

"Oh crap! I've gotta go or my mama's going to be real mad," she told him.

For a few seconds he just stared at her, his eyes thoughtful, like he was trying to make a decision. But in the end he said, "Sure, run on. I'm probably going to call Mindy anyway."

She had to school her face to keep from showing how much the thought of him talking with another girl hurt her feelings. And as she walked back to the house, she reminded herself that despite how big her feelings for Beau were becoming, there was no way on earth he'd ever feel the same way back.

But now here was Loretta, looking at her hard, like she could see through the skin on her chest into her heart of hearts where she nursed her hopeless crush on Beau.

"No, not with Colin," she answered. "I was with Beau. He brought an old telescope up to the shed roof to help me look up constellations."

She expected her mother to drop the subject then since she'd never had any problem with Josie and Beau hanging out alone before, but that night it was as if Loretta could smell the teenage pheromones coming off her daughter.

"You like that boy?" she demanded.

"Colin?"

Her mother glared at her. "You know who I'm talking about. The one you done spent all night with. You got feelings for Beau?"

"Beau?!" she said, hoping her extreme questioning tone would throw her mother off the scent. "Why would you even ask that?"

"Because when I was just a little older than you I made the mistake you about to make."

Then Loretta told her a terrible story: about a naive little girl, working her first job as a maid for an Italian-American family in Birmingham. There'd been a son living there, too, three years older and home from college for the summer.

"He was just like Beau. Confident-a big deal around those parts. He used to bring me little presents, roping me in until my heart was all in my eyes. I didn't think nothing about raising up my skirt for him. I thought he was in love with me, too. I wrote him every day after he went back to college up North." Loretta's face contorted at that part of the story. "But then my monthlies didn't come and I went to the doctor, who told me it for sure. I was with child. I used just about my whole weekly paycheck to call him at that college of his. At first he sounded happy to hear from me, but when I told him what was in my belly, he acted like I was a stranger. He must've called his parents because his mama came in the maid's quarters and dragged me out of my bed, called me a whore, and made me pack up my little suitcase. I had to go back home to live with my mama in our family trailer. She was so disappointed in me and nobody in Birmingham would hire me-at first because that boy's family turned my name to mud by telling anybody who would listen that I'd been stealing from them, and then because I was showing."

Josie listened to this story in rapt horror. When Josie's grandmother had been alive, she'd told Josie her father had been a Navy guy passing through Alabama and that her mother had gotten in trouble because she couldn't keep her legs closed. Loretta, however, had never told her anything about her father, and had refused to answer any of the questions Josie had asked about him. But she never would have guessed this was her origin story, or that her father was white.

According to Loretta, her father had been dark and swarthy, and Josie had come out dark enough that she'd had no problem passing off the story Josie had heard about the Navy guy "just passing through." In Alabama, Loretta explained, it was better to be so loose you'd have a one-night-stand with a black Navy fellow than to be so stupid as to get knocked up by a white man. In any case, Loretta and Josie stayed with Josie's grandma, picking up housework here and there, until the theft rumors blew over and Kitty Prescott hired her on to take care of Beau.

By that time, Kitty had already gone through eight housekeepers and Beau had only just turned four. But Loretta had been too long without a job to let this one slip away.

"I put away my pride and let Mrs. Prescott talk to me any way she wanted. I put up with her and I tried my best to raise Beau and you right." Loretta looked at her daughter forlornly, and for the first time Josie realized what all these years of docile servitude had cost her mother in pride and self-esteem. "I don't want this for you, Josie. Promise me you won't let some white boy with a bunch of smooth talk take away your future like I did."

"I won't. Beau and me are just friends. I promise you, Mama, nothing will ever happen between us."

It had been an easy promise to make in the heat of the moment. And then Beau had shown his true colors on her very first day of school, embarrassing her in front of his cretin friends and letting her know he didn't think of her romantically at all.

Or at least that's what she had thought...

After days of squinting in order to see anything, when he'd brought those glasses out to the shed and said all those nice things to her, she temporarily lost her mind. For a moment, she'd thought Beau Prescott actually liked her as much as he claimed, as much as she secretly liked him.

Afterwards, she even felt bad about rejecting him the many times he'd tried to talk about what had happened over the course of the following weekend. He hadn't seen how hysterical Loretta had been, how she kept saying she'd lost Josie in-between sobs. Her mother, who she'd never seen shed so much as a tear, actually sobbed over what she had caught her daughter and Beau doing in the shed.

Josie couldn't have been more embarrassed or remorseful. And she spent the weekend in the somewhat strange position of assuring mother that really, it was just sex and that she and Beau had only been messing around, mostly out of adolescent curiosity. They'd used a condom, she told her mother, and Josie was not in love with him the way her mother had been in love with Josie's father.

She'd tried to convince herself this wasn't a lie, but in the end, she felt like she was betraying what had happened between her and Beau when she told her mother it meant nothing. And when Beau cornered her in the hallway right after Loretta had refused to let Josie accompany her to church that Sunday morning, she'd lashed out at him in frustration only to immediately regret it when she saw what looked like real hurt in his eyes.

Despite her conflicted feelings, Josie decided to seek Beau out the next day at school and explain what was going on with Loretta, how she wouldn't talk to Josie, but at the same time watched her like a hawk all weekend. Fool that she was, she'd thought maybe Beau could help her, or at least figure out how to get her mother to start talking to her again. Even after everything that had happened, she still considered Beau a friend.

But then on Monday, Beau had shown her everything Loretta had said about him had been right on the money. And strangely enough, his awful behavior was what fixed things with her mother.

When Josie came home in an obviously foul mood, Loretta spoke her first calm words to Josie in over three days: "What's wrong with you?"

And when Josie told her what happened at school, Loretta had sighed and put a comforting arm around her daughter's shoulders. "I told you about messing with them rich white boys."

"I know you did." Josie had to work real hard to keep from crying. Apparently, that was all she'd been to Beau, a pawn, and a means for getting back at Colin.

For the rest of her time at Forest Brook, she'd concentrated on her studies. She'd even shut down Colin when he'd finally gotten bold enough to suggest they try to be more than friends their senior year.

"Colin," she'd answered with a beleaguered sigh, "friends is as far as it goes with me and you... and any other white boy."

It had been a little awkward for them after that, but they remained best friends until they left for college: Josie to the UAB in Birmingham and Colin to Carnegie Mellon University's School of Music in Pittsburgh. But he'd kept in touch over email, even after he'd gotten his first record contract his first year of college, dropped out, and made himself over into a country singer who was known for his songwriting skills and ability to play a mean fiddle.

They'd probably still be in touch if Wayne hadn't started checking her email behind her back in college and flew off the handle when he found out how often Colin had been emailing her.

She could still remember their first real argument like it was yesterday. Wayne had instantly morphed from a perhaps overly attentive, but otherwise perfectly sweet boyfriend into a green-eyed monster, so mad he'd flipped her dorm desk over and sent all her books and papers flying across the room. She'd actually been afraid to defend her long-time friendship with Colin, he'd been so physically angry. It had almost been a relief when he'd stormed out of her room, even though she was fairly sure his exit signaled the end of her very first relationship.

But then he'd returned the next day with a tearful apology and asked her to marry him. She knew now that what she'd thought was a out-of-character moment on Wayne's part had actually been the first sign of things to come. But back then she'd been a naive girl, thrilled to have her first black boyfriend, the son of an Atlanta judge no less. And he'd ask her for her hand in marriage!

Loretta's approval of the relationship also didn't help when it came to Wayne. Her mother had been so happy when Josie called her with the news. And though, Josie had thought Loretta would be angry about her dropping out of school to follow Wayne to Atlanta, where he'd be working as a junior attorney at his father's old law firm after he graduated, her normally stoic mother had been just as blinded as Josie by Wayne's charm and the fact that he was both black and fully invested in Josie.

One time Josie had brought up how controlling Wayne was-how he kept nagging at her to only wear contacts, how he insisted she take out her braids and get a relaxer for the wedding, and how she hadn't been able to invite Colin to the wedding because Wayne wouldn't allow it. But Loretta had cut her off with a hard, "You bet put that Fairgood boy out your mind. You got yourself a good black man and he's willing to marry you!"

Her mother said all of this like Wayne was a hero astronaut and not just a good-looking law student Josie had randomly met while studying for her sociology class in the library. So despite her reservations, Josie married Wayne Simmons, a man who looked just about perfect on paper, in a small wedding ceremony in the backyard of Wayne's parents' home in a tony Atlanta suburb.

Her mother had even bought a new church suit for the event. "Oh, you look just like a fairytale princess, baby," she'd said afterwards. "You living the dream."

If only, Josie thought now, climbing out of her old bed. She stepped into the shower a few minutes later, still thinking about what a mistake she'd made. What had started out as a dream come true had quickly turned into a nightmare once Wayne moved her to his hometown of Atlanta, a city where she didn't know anyone and didn't have a support network.

But the warm spray of the shower helped to wash those terrible memories away before they overwhelmed her as they still occasionally did. At least she had hot water, she reminded herself. And she was grateful for that.

Even if it came at the price of working for Beau Prescott.

Josie shook that unhelpful thought out of her head. It was a brand new day, a Friday, which meant she'd only have to work for eight hours, and then she could go put in some volunteer hours at Ruth's House.

She got out of the shower feeling much better than when she'd woken up. If she could just keep her head down like her mother had done when she'd had this job, she'd be able to get through the next eight hours, no problem. She looked into the mirror and forced herself to smile.

But it ended up looking more like a grimace.

CHAPTER 5

THE DOORBELL RANG just as Josie was walking through the foyer, on her way to the kitchen, and she found an older, but heavily muscled, black man on the porch.

He introduced himself as Mac, Mr. Prescott's home aide, and Josie almost hugged him when he asked to be shown up to Beau's room so he could help him get ready for the day. She was so happy Beau's L.A. assistant had hired somebody else to take care of what Mrs. Prescott had called, "Beau's most personal needs."

Beau was an asshole, and he'd only grown into a bigger one since high school. But that didn't mean she wasn't still a heterosexual woman with eyes in her head that, unlike his, were still working. She couldn't deny how hot he was-back then and now. And she had enough imagination to guess if Beau's body looked as good as it had under a zip-up hoodie and jeans yesterday, then it would look doubly as good without any clothes on today. She didn't think she could keep herself from staring if she was forced to attend to his most personal needs along with her other duties.

Mac, with his affable demeanor and down-to-business clipboard, felt like an extra buffer between Josie and her surly boss. In fact, it was Mac who came down to fetch breakfast for the both of them, which meant her mornings would be Beau Prescott-free from then on.

She gave Mac-or "her savior" as she privately referred to him-a huge smile, and pushed two plates of biscuits and gravy in front of him.

But Mac didn't smile back. "What do you know about this injury of Mr. Prescott's?" he asked her.

Josie shrugged. "Not much. His mother said it was temporary and that he just needed me to clean, cook, and do some general care-taking for him until it comes back."

Mac frowned. "She said it was temporary?"

Josie nodded. "That's what she told me Beau told her." She had a feeling she really didn't want to know the answer to this question, but she asked, "Why are you asking?"

"I can't really get into it without breaking the confidentiality agreement I signed before taking this job, but Mr. Prescott's expectations seem a little, how can I put it... high. When he requested an aide with a football background, I figured we'd be a perfect match since I played all through college. But he's refusing any kind of training to deal with his sight loss. Turns out he just wants me to run him through his training program. He says all he needs is for me to help him exercise everyday, so he'll be ready to go back to playing football next season."

"And you don't think that's what he should be concentrating on?" she guessed.

Mac didn't answer, but the troubled look that flickered across his face was all the answer she needed.

"I'm not sure how well you know Mr. Prescott, but if you can get him to at least consider some adjustment to blindness training, that would help him considerably."

This request made her heart sink. She knew Beau better than most, considering she had watched him grow from a boy to a man. But she couldn't convince him to let her lead him across a room, much less take his blindness training seriously.

"I'm sorry, but cooking and cleaning is kind of all I'm really equipped to do in this situation."

Mac gave her a "fair enough" nod. "In that case, do you usually make food this heavy?"

Josie, who'd been surviving on soup for the last few months, shook her head. "Not for myself, no. I was just making the same stuff my mama made for Mr. Prescott when he was playing high school football."

Mac made a note in his smartphone. "Tomorrow, I'll bring a cookbook for you. If he's serious about staying in fighting shape, we need more protein and less carbs and gravy."

"Okay, sorry about that," Josie said. "I'll just get these plates out of your way."

But Mac grinned and said, "No, leave it." He forked off a piece of biscuit, circled it in the gravy, and popped it into his mouth. "Now that's what I'm talking about! My wife's blind, too, so I do most of the cooking for us. That means I haven't had biscuits and gravy this good in a month of Sundays-they require a woman's touch, you know."

He stated this with such authority that Josie decided not to correct him. Besides, it was a pleasure to see a man about the same age Loretta would have been had cancer not taken her too soon, enjoying one of her mother's recipes.

After Mac left the kitchen, she settled on a plan for the rest of the day, deciding to use her mother's old Friday routine of spot-cleaning every room in the house. However, when she went to clean Beau's room while he was in another part of the house with Mac, it looked like a bear had gone through it.

The delicate, decorative bottles on top of the drawer and several houseplants had been knocked over. There were also various baubles scattered about the floor, the victims of a blind man's attempt to find something.

What had he been looking for? she wondered. From the state of the room, she doubted he had found it.

It only took her a few minutes of picking up before she solved the mystery. She found a silver phone with large buttons under the bed and its blinking screen informed her that its owner had missed several calls.

Josie's heart broke for Beau as she put the story together. The phone must have fallen (or maybe it had been thrown?) and slid under the bed. And then when it had started ringing, Beau hadn't been able to figure out where it was well enough to actually reach it.

Why hadn't he used the intercom to ask for her help? And what was with him pledging to work out every day but refusing to do anything that helped him navigate his blindness? She held the phone to her chest. Obviously, Beau was in a major state of denial.

Later on, she caught Mac by himself and pressed the phone into his hands.

"What's this?" Mac asked. Then his face lit with recognition. "Oh, you bought him one of those low-vision cell phones! Good idea."

Josie shook her head. "No, this is his phone. I found it in his room, but I need you to give it to him and tell him you found it this morning. Act like you've been carrying it around with you all day, but you just now realized you had it. "

"I don't understand."

Neither did she. Why was she protecting Beau from his own asinine ego when she could have used the found phone to bring him down a peg, make him realize he needed her just as much as she needed this job and she wasn't completely under his thumb? Maybe it was because at the end of the day, she understood something about keeping up appearances, even when your life was falling apart.

To Mac, she said, "If you don't mind, sir, can you just please do that for me? No questions asked?"

Mac frowned but he must have given Beau the phone, because when she came up the stairs with his tray that night, she heard him having a conversation with somebody on speakerphone from the other side of the closed door.

"What do you mean I might be out next season?" he was asking.

A man with a nasally Northern accent answered, "The back up quarterback's doing a better job than expected. And let's face it, Beau, you're getting a little long-in-the-tooth for the game anyway. A lot of QBs your age are thinking about retiring right about now."

"We made the playoffs last year," Beau said. "They didn't seem to have a problem with my age when we came closer than we ever have before to the big game."

"Yeah, but that was before you got hurt, and they've got the team doc telling them you most likely won't ever be able to see again. He says the neurosurgeon he consulted with-"

"Carol found a neurosurgeon here at the UAB's Callahan Eye Hospital who studies this kind of vision loss for a living. He told her he's fixed hundreds of cases like mine, and he wants to meet with me next Friday," Beau said. "So fuck what that other guy said."

"No offense to your assistant, but the team consulted with one of the top neurosurgeons in the field-"

"Whatever, tell the coaches not to go offering that snot-nosed kid my spot, because I'm keeping in shape, and I'm going to be back on the field by this summer for practice. And also tell them next year we're going all the way to the Bowl."

On the other end of the line, the Northerner said, "I don't know how long I can get them to hold off on making a decision."

"You're my agent," Beau said with obvious scorn in his voice. "Do your job and make it happen."

"Okay, I'll do my best."

"No, I want you do better than your best, or I'll be replacing you like I'm replacing that crap neurosurgeon the team's got in their pocket."

Josie guessed he must have hung up after that because the bedroom went completely silent.

She tentatively knocked on the door.

No answer, even though she knew he was obviously in there. She switched the tray to her other hand and used her free one to open the door.

"Hi, it's me," she said as she came through, feeling like the worst kind of person because she hadn't waited for an invitation. But she was supposed to be at Ruth's House in an hour, and she didn't have time to lollygag.

Beau was sitting in the window seat, his phone gripped tightly in his hand. "How long were you at that door eavesdropping?" he asked.

"I made three-bean chili with sour cream and some Ezekiel bread on the side," she said, ignoring his question and trying to keep her voice as cheery as possible. She set the silver tray on top of the small table she had brought in from another room earlier so he wouldn't have to fumble around trying to eat on the bed.

His head was turned toward her voice, and she could see his body was just about vibrating with anger. She wondered if it was because of the call or because, as he rightly suspected, she'd overheard it.

"I see you got your phone out," she said, trying for a subject change. "When I come back to collect your dishes, we can program my number into it. That way if anything comes up tonight you can text me." She realized too late that he'd have a hard time texting her. "Or call me. You can call me if anything comes up."

Finally he spoke. "Why would I need to call you on the phone when I have the intercom?"

"Well, it's Friday, and I have the night off, so if you need something, you're going to have to call me about it."

And though his beard and sunglasses did a lot to obscure his face, she could see his expression grow even colder. "Where are you going?" he asked.

Josie grinded her teeth. "With all due respect, Mr. Prescott, that's none of your business. But just in case your mama didn't let you know about my schedule, I'll be in the house most nights, except for Friday and Saturday and Sunday morning, which I get off, just like Mama did."

"So you're planning on going out tomorrow, too?" he asked.

"Yes, I am," she said, "I've got plans for all my Friday and Saturday nights, sir."

She'd hoped the deferential "sir" might end this line of conversation, but there was open hostility in Beau's voice when he said, "Barely divorced, just moved back to Alabama, and you've already met somebody new?"

She didn't answer, but apparently her silence was answer enough for him.

He shook his head. "Should've known. Same old Josie, love 'em and leave 'em with a trail of wrecked hearts behind you. I guess that ex-husband of yours never stood a chance. Tell this new guy good luck."

Josie's brain just about exploded with righteous indignation. He thought she was the love 'em and leave 'em type? He had no idea what she had endured while he was working his way through a considerable number of groupies if the tabloids were to be believed. He didn't know her! He didn't know her life! He didn't-

She took a deep breath and forced herself to calm down. She couldn't answer Beau's accusation with any of the retorts that were primed on the tip of her tongue without risking her job, she reminded herself.

"I'll just be going now," she said in as pleasant a tone as she could manage. Heat, electricity, hot water, she chanted in her head as she left the room.

And she would have kept on chanting it, but just as she got to the stairs, she heard a crash.

She came running back to the room, thinking Beau had fallen trying to get around by himself. But when she re-entered, she found him sitting at a now empty table, and the tray of food she'd made flipped over on the floor.

"What happened?" she asked him.

"Clean it up," he said between clenched teeth. "And bring me some more."

Josie looked at the scene in horror. There was chili and sour cream all over the carpet. She'd have to drag out the steam cleaner if she didn't want it to stain or smell like milk gone bad in here.

He must have taken her horrified silence for defiance, because he bit out again, "If you want to keep this job, clean it up."

A chill ran down her back as a vision of Wayne pouring a glass of expired orange juice onto the kitchen floor, right in front of her feet, came back to her.

"I work hard every day to put food on our table and keep this roof over our heads and this is how you repay me? Clean it up. Every drop, you ungrateful bitch!"

Josie bit her lip and bent down to pick up as much of the scattered food as she could with the cloth napkin Beau had also thrown on the ground.

She was going to be late for her Ruth's House shift now. And Beau just sat there, like a king on his throne, while she cleaned up his mess.

She bit her lip harder. Don't cry, don't cry, don't cry, she told herself, even as tears pooled in her eyes.

It wasn't really about the mess. She didn't care about that. It was the fact that Beau had obviously done it on purpose. Wayne had done the exact same thing, purposefully creating messes whenever something wasn't up to his standards, standards he seemed to change every other week to keep Josie on her toes.

She could barely make her fingers work, she was shaking so hard with anger, but somehow she was able to get most of the mess cleared away with the napkin and a towel from Beau's bathroom. Then she went back downstairs, ladled out more chili for him, and brought it back upstairs.

But when she came back in with the unwieldy steam cleaner and started it up, he said, "I don't want to hear that while I'm eating. You can wait until after I'm done."

Josie looked at the antique brass clock on the wall. She was supposed to be arriving for her shift at Ruth's House in less than 15 minutes. But from the leisurely way Beau was spooning the chili into his mouth, she knew there was no way she'd make it within even a half hour of that.

She called Sam from outside his door. "Hi, Sam, it's me."

"Hey, girl," Sam said. "Please tell me you're on your way. The Crimson Tide lost and girl, why, why, why?"

Josie immediately understood what Sam was trying to say. The Crimson Tide was the nickname for the University of Alabama's football team, and it was a well-documented fact that domestic violence incidents went up whenever a popular local team lost. Her thoughts turned instantly to the Crimson Tide alum who was currently making her life hell and expelled a frustrated breath. "I'm stuck at work. I'm sorry. But I'll be there as soon as I can."

"No, I know you've got to make your money, honey. Take your time."

"Believe me, I wish I was there with you instead."

"Don't worry, all the domestic violence victims will still be here waiting for you," Sam said with a laugh. "Now go on, take care of your business. I love you, sweetie."

"I love you, too."

She hung up with a sigh. Then she waited for her Beau to finish his dinner, her heart burning with anger.

CHAPTER 6

ON SATURDAY JOSIE SPENT MOST OF HER LUNCH HOUR on the desktop in the Prescott's wood-paneled study, looking up new grants for Ruth's House and researching her education options. She decided returning to UAB would be her best bet. She only needed one more packed semester worth of college credits to finish her bachelor's and improve her chances of never, ever having to work as the Prescott housekeeper again. But even if she saved every penny she made over the next few months, it still wouldn't be enough to pay for her remaining credits and the trailer's utilities.

College, as it turned out, was prohibitively expensive when you weren't a bright, shiny, straight-A honor student with all the potential in the world. There weren't nearly as many scholarships available to a grown woman who had wasted her twenties on a bad marriage.

But when her lunch hour had come and gone, and she still hadn't figured out how to raise enough money to return to UAB any time in the near future, she decided to clear her mind with a trip to the grocery store to pick up healthier food options based on the recipes in the book Mac had given her that morning.

Gordon's was still the only grocery store in the affluent suburb. It had been there under the same ownership as long as Josie could remember and it still conducted business the old-fashioned way. The Prescotts had an account there, so there was no need to use the credit card Mrs. Prescott had authorized her accountant mail to Josie for household expenses. But it also didn't carry all of the healthy staples on her list, which meant some guesswork on Josie's part.

She was trying to decide if green onions were an acceptable substitute for leeks, when someone behind her said, "Josie? Josie Witherspoon? Is that you?!"

Even after all these years, she recognized the strawberry bubblegum voice. She tossed the green onions back, and rapidly pushed her cart towards another part of the store in the hopes that the woman would decide it was a case of mistaken identity. But sure enough, she heard the click-click of running heels behind her and before she could clear the corner, her pursuer had caught up with her.

"It is you!" Mindy cried triumphantly, stepping in front of Josie's grocery cart.

"I was just buying some champagne and I saw you over here and I said to myself, 'Is that Josie Witherspoon? No, it couldn't be!' But it's you! Josie Witherspoon, as I live and breathe... you've even got the same glasses!"

Josie touched the frames of the old cat-eyes Beau had brought her. She'd worn contacts when she'd been married to Wayne, but contacts cost money, so when her dailies finally ran out, it was back to the same glasses she'd had before meeting her "Prince Charming".

"Cat-eyes never seem to go out of style," she said, trying to sell it.

Mindy batted her pretty blue eyes. "Oh, I wouldn't know about that. My eyesight's still twenty-twenty."

Of course it was. "Well, it was nice seeing you, Mindy," she said, trying to work her cart around the petite blond.

But Mindy sidestepped her, saying, "You can't go yet! We haven't caught up. I'm assuming you're back in town because you're taking care of the Prescotts like your mama did?"

How Josie wanted to tell her that wasn't the case, but it was, so... "You guessed it."

Mindy clapped her hands like she'd won something. "So it's true, then? Beau is really back in Forest Brook, recovering from his football injury? Eliza Hill said she saw a limo driving onto the Prescott estate. And everybody knows Kitty only uses Nolan's town car service on the rare occasion she's in town these days. But back to Beau-they said he was blind on SportsCenter. Is that right?"

"I can't really say... "

"Of course you can't," Mindy said in a sympathetic tone. Then she leaned closer and half-whispered, "I heard from Chelsea Mannis, who heard from Darryl Winters, that Beau made all his people sign confidentiality agreements, so no one can say anything, which is why no one's really sure if he's blind or not. But that NFL Scandals site says he's only been seen in sunglasses since his accident and that the Suns should be announcing they're dropping him any day now."

Josie was impressed. For someone who didn't seem terribly bright, Mindy had managed to dig up more dirt on Beau than Josie had, and she was living with him.

"Just tell me this," Mindy said, edging even closer. "Does he still have those dreamy silver eyes of his or are they all bloodshot and gross now?"

Josie was not only offended on behalf of any visually impaired person who didn't have what Mindy would deem as acceptable eyes, but also a little stymied because she really had no idea how to answer that question. Beau kept his sunglasses on at all times, maybe even when he was sleeping, and she hadn't seen his eyes in real life... well, since her mother's funeral.

Mindy continued, "Because if they're still dreamy, I could totally come over and cheer him up. But if they're gross, well, have you heard from Colin lately?"

Josie's mind was spinning at this point. "Wait, are we talking about Colin Fairgood now?"

"Did you see him at the CMAs?" Mindy rolled her eyes in obvious pleasure. "Talk about hot! I see his mama all the time, since he bought her a house right across from Mike Lancer's-can you believe it?" Mindy's eyes widened at the apparently scandalous prospect of Mike's former housekeeper living across from her old employer. "But he always manages to slip in and out without me seeing him. I don't suppose you've heard from him lately?"

"No, I'm sorry to say we fell out of touch."

"Of course you did," Mindy said, slapping her forehead with her perfectly manicured hand. "I mean, Colin is such a big superstar now, and you're..."

She scanned Josie's outfit, a plaid button-up paired with an old pair of blue jeans and tennis shoes. She smiled brightly. "Well, you're still the same old Josie. I swear except for the hair you haven't changed a bit!" Mindy tilted her head to the side. "What made you decide to get such a drastic haircut? Is it popular wherever you were staying all these years?"

Josie reached up and self-consciously touched her hair. It was short at the sides, leaving her kinky corkscrews to fall where they may. Wayne had preferred her hair straight and down her back, the same kind of hair worn by the wives and girlfriends of most of his law firm colleagues. So before leaving Atlanta, she'd gotten her hair cut into a style she knew her former husband would have despised and had kept the sides short ever since.

But the way Mindy was looking at her, she felt less like a free woman and more like an unfashionable freak. "I was ready for something a little different."

Mindy patted her arm, like she was an unfortunate mental patient. "Well, good for you. I say, whatever makes you happy!" She plastered on one of those fake Southern smiles, one thing Josie hadn't missed during her cloistered marriage. "Well, Josie, it was just so great to see you. I'm going to tell everybody we know you're back in town helping out poor Beau. Right where you belong."

Then she walked away, leaving Josie rooted to the spot with embarrassment for herself and her situation.

Right where you belong.

The words followed her home and echoed in her ears as she unloaded the groceries. Beau had his appointment with the neurosurgeon next week, and who knew how long he'd need her services after that? She had to figure out how to get more money.

An idea popped into her head then. Granted, a rather unappetizing one, but it was better than anything she'd been able to come up with so far that day.

She pulled out her cell phone and reluctantly tapped in the number Beau's mother had last called her from.

CHAPTER 7

JOSIE WAS AVOIDING HIM. That much was obvious. In the last twenty-four hours, she hadn't come into his room unless it was to bring him his dinner or if he wasn't there. He'd come back from his workout session with Mac to the smell of cleaning products lingering in the air.

This should have made him happy. After overhearing her profess her love to some guy named Sam outside his room the night before, he'd felt worse than pathetic. She'd already moved on to a new boyfriend and here he was, still pining after some girl who had rejected him years ago. The last thing he should want were unnecessary encounters with Josie.

But even though they hadn't been in the same room since he overturned his tray the night before, he was still deeply aware of her presence in his house. He could smell the sandalwood scent she wore in the hallway outside his room. He could taste her personality in the down-home touches she put on the healthy meals she'd been making him. A few times, he'd heard Mac talking in another room with her. Once she'd even she laughed at something he said, and the sound, which he knew well but hadn't heard in a while, not only hit him straight in the heart, it filled him with jealousy.

"You got a thing for Josie?" he asked Mac late that afternoon while they were setting up for his first series of bench presses.

Mac chuckled. "Nah, man. Josie's cute, but I've been married over thirty years to my high school sweetheart. Do you know how much alimony that woman would get if she caught me stepping out?"

Beau forced a laugh. Then he wondered if he'd ever get used to not knowing the physical details of the people he spoke with. He'd guessed, incorrectly, that Mac was younger than a thirty-year marriage would suggest.

"Sorry, man," he said, trying to play it off. "I just thought she might like you. I heard her laughing at one of your jokes earlier and the truth is, you aren't all that funny."

Mac guffawed. "Living with you, I suspect that girl's just happy to hear any joke. She almost seems scared to be in the same room with you. You could stand to lighten up around her, you know."

Yeah, he knew all right, but he couldn't seem to lighten up or even stop obsessing over her.

Why had she come back to Alabama? And why had she agreed to take this job? Unlike the Josie he used to know, she just did everything he told her to do without a hint of her old sass.

Truth be told, when he'd flipped his tray off the table the night before, it had been half jealousy on his part and half a test to see how she'd respond. But she hadn't protested or even grumbled. Just quietly cleaned up the mess, a meek shell of the Josie he used to know.

He couldn't get a read on her and it was frustrating the hell out of him.

Still, flipping the tray had been wrong, he admitted to himself when he was back at the bay window after Mac left for the day. Maybe if he was nicer to her she'd open up to him, or at least talk to him as easily as she'd talked to Mac earlier. Or maybe she'd...

An image of Josie smiling at him in the glasses he'd brought her sprang to his mind, and his dick immediately swelled with the sweet pain of unfettered desire inside his jeans. Worse, he couldn't stop the sequence once it started. The images came hard and fast, bombarding him: kissing her, tasting her, and finally moving inside her, watching her pretty face as she came, her eyes squeezed shut-

The phone's loud spoken ringtone shattered the remembered fantasy. "Incoming call from Kitty Prescott! Incoming call from Kitty Prescott!"

Mac had said he left the phone on the nightstand, so Beau groped along the left side of the bed to guide his way to the nightstand. Only, he stubbed his toe against the thick, wooden bed post, and the sudden pain had him cursing and stumbling into a part of the room that had no furniture nearby with which to orient himself.

The phone continued to chirp, "Incoming call from Kitty Prescott! Incoming call from Kitty Prescott!"

Eventually he found his way to the nightstand, but it wasn't pretty. He fell twice and knocked over a houseplant and something fragile (he heard it shatter into pieces when it hit the floor). But finally he had the phone in his hand.

"Answer call."

"Hello, darling!" his mother sing-songed.

"Mom," he said. "How's wherever you are this week?"

"Oh, the Seychelles are beautiful, darling," she answered. "If only your injury hadn't been quite so dramatic, you could join us on our cruise."

Beau had learned over the years to ignore most of what came out of his self-involved mother's mouth. Also, he'd rather deal with a million Josie's than spend any amount of time trapped on a cruise ship with his mother and her boyfriend. So he just said, "Glad to hear you're having fun, Mom."

"I am having a rather lovely time," his mother answered. "Or perhaps I should say I was having a lovely time until Josie Witherspoon called here asking for a raise."

"What?"

"She told me that you were a lot more work than she thought you would be and wondered if she might get more money."

His heart iced over. Josie had been complaining about him behind his back, to his mother of all people. "And what did you say?"

"I reminded her I could get a Mexican to do her job for half the money." His mother, who came from a long line of southern debutantes, answered in a voice ringing with entitled indignation. "But might I just say, I was very surprised she'd try to finagle a raise so soon. Josie has always been such a sweet girl. Never gave me a moment of trouble even in her teenage years, which is more than I can say about you. You were a little hellion from the age of four."

Beau rolled his eyes in spite of himself. Use your mom's Miss Alabama sash to make a slingshot once, and you're labeled a troublemaker for life.

"What did she say when you said no?"

He could almost hear the frown in his mother's voice when she answered, "She said she was sorry to have bothered me and she got right off the phone, as well she should after overstepping like that. But she sounded sad."

"I'm sure she did," he said, his voice flat. "Since working with me is such a hardship."

"I suspect she needs the money," his mother said in an off-hand way. To the former beauty queen who had never lacked for anything in her life, money was one of those trivial things only the unsophisticated worried about. "But I'm calling to make sure her complaints are without merit. You were always so great with Loretta. You're not giving her daughter any trouble, now are you?"

"Don't worry," he answered. "Josie won't be calling you anymore. I'll take care of it."

"Now, Beau," his mother said. "Don't do anything rash..."

"I'll take care of it," Beau repeated.

Then he said, "End call." But he kept the phone gripped tight in his hand even after he heard the phone click off.

Josie had called his mother behind his back, to tell on him like he was a toddler she couldn't control. But he wasn't a toddler. He was a grown man. And before Josie left for the night, she'd know that.

CHAPTER 8

JOSIE DEBATED WHETHER TO REMIND BEAU she wouldn't be around that evening as she walked up the stairs with his dinner tray. On one hand, her mother had always done the Prescotts the courtesy of letting them know when she was leaving the house, especially if it was for more than the couple of hours it took to run her weekly errands.

On the other hand, her heart was still in a permanent state of cringe since the call with his mother.

It couldn't have gone worse. First she'd stuttered through her request for more money, not being nearly as diplomatic as she would have liked as she explained the situation. Then Mrs. Prescott had responded in a way that made her feel like the lowest form of dirt, reminding her that there were many "illegals," she could hire for less money and that Loretta had never complained about Beau even when he was an unruly four year old and prone to throwing back-to-back temper tantrums.

She hadn't known how to explain that dealing with adult Beau was worse than dealing with a four year old. Four year olds didn't make your job harder just for the hell of it. Four year olds didn't snap at you whenever you tried to help them. And most of all, four year olds didn't look like Beau Prescott.

When she'd dropped off a snack for him and Mac earlier that afternoon, she'd found him doing chin-ups with weights strapped around his ankles, and she literally stopped and stared. He was working out in a ratty, gray college t-shirt with "Bama" written across the front in tall, crimson letters. It had become so thin over the years that it clung to his sweaty body and made her wonder what it would feel like to reach underneath and feel those muscles, warm beneath her hands...

But then Mac had snapped her out of her trance by telling her to just set the tray of hummus and pita bread she was carrying on a foldout table in the corner of the room.

She had no business thinking of Beau Prescott like that, especially after what happened between them twelve years ago. If sleeping with the high school quarterback had blown up in her face, sleeping with the thirty-three-year-old version would surely be nothing short of a nuclear disaster.

What was wrong with her? She'd loved Wayne to a fault, had done everything to try to be the perfect wife for him. But she'd never been that sexually attracted to him, even in the beginning before he showed his true colors. However, Beau had not bothered to pretend to be anything less than a complete jerk, and here she was fantasizing about him.

To her great relief, Beau wasn't engaged in any embarrassing phone calls when she arrived at his bedroom door that evening. But to her surprise, he also wasn't at his usual place in the bay window. He was already seated at the table, as if he'd been waiting for her. However, he didn't say one word, not even to acknowledge her presence in the room.

A little unsettled, she put the tray down in front of him. "I'll be back in a little bit to take away your empties."

She turned to leave, but he said, "Hold on, this is a sandwich."

She reluctantly turned around. "Actually it's a southwestern chicken panini. It's real good. I had it myself for dinner before I came up."

He picked up the sandwich like it was a dead rat she'd put on his plate. "You're trying to serve me a sandwich. For dinner." He felt around the rest of his plate. "And a couple of pickles."

Josie bit her lip and looked to the right. The truth was she had purposefully chosen a dish that tasted good, fit within his dietary restrictions, and would be easy to clean up if he decided to flip his tray again.

He tossed the sandwich back on the plate. "Get me a big plate of that pasta you made yesterday and a bowl of that lentil soup from lunch."

She opened her mouth to say she wasn't a short order cook, and that his parents had never made her mother swap out a meal. But in the end, she clamped her lips together forcing her tongue to stay put.

She needed this job, she reminded herself as she walked back down the stairs and reheated the leftovers from last night. She needed this job bad, she told herself again as she came back into Beau's room with the new tray of food.

But she stopped short when she saw that the original meal she'd brought Beau was already gone with nothing but a few crumbs to suggest it had ever been there in the first place.

"You ate it," she said. "Does that mean I should take this food back downstairs?"

"Put down the tray," he said, his voice flat.

She did as he asked, sliding the new tray in front of him after gathering up the old tray. "I'll be back to pick up the rest of the dishes," she said, as she turned away to leave the room again.

But she wasn't even to the door when she heard the scrape of the silver tray being flipped over, followed by a couple of hard thunks and the clanging of the tray hitting the floor.

And despite growing up the daughter of a consummate servant, and everything she had put up with while married to Wayne... She. Just. Snapped.

"No!" she said, dropping her own tray and turning on him. "No, you do not get to do this to me, you spoiled little rich boy!"

"I'm not a boy!" he roared, coming out of his seat. "I'm a grown man. But if you treat me like a little boy, whining to my mom behind my back, that's what you're going to get!"

Josie's eyes widened. This was about her asking his mama for a raise? "I only went to her because she's the one in charge of my checks, and I told her the truth. I'm not getting paid enough to put up with your bull hockey!"

Josie was so angry, she bent down, scooped up a handful of the fettuccine, and threw it at him, catching him across the face with noodles, ham, and low-fat cream sauce. It was hands down the most satisfying thing she'd done in years. So she scooped up some more and threw that at him, too.

"I don't care how insulted you feel about me telling your mama the doggone truth! You're not the king of Alabama and you need to realize that when you make a mess, other people have to clean it up!"

She followed this declaration with another swat of pasta and another and another, until her hands were covered in white sauce and there was no pasta left.

She stared at her palms in horror and then back up at Beau. He looked like he'd been attacked by a bowl of pasta. His face, his chest, his shoulders were all covered in white sauce, cubed bits of ham, and whole-wheat fettuccine.

And though she couldn't see his eyes behind his ever-present sunglasses, he held his entire body in a clench, including his large, hulk-like fists. Her heart went tight with the old fear, and for a few seconds, she stood there, frozen like a frightened bird, hoping if he couldn't see or hear her, he wouldn't be able to find her to hit her.

But then he took a step toward her, and he was so much bigger than Wayne. He easily had an extra one hundred pounds on her former husband. All of it muscle.

She screamed, hunkering down and covering her head with her arms.

BEAU DREW UP SHORT. Was she screaming? Why was she screaming? He was the one covered in food.

"Josie," he said, softening his tone and bending down toward where he sensed she was, grabbing her by her forearm.

She broke off screaming with a yelp of fear. "Don't! Don't hit me!" she cried. It sounded like she was on the edge of hysteria.

"I won't!" he yelled back. "Now stop screaming! The neighbors are going to think I'm in here murdering you."

He felt her lower the arm he'd grabbed, but she was still trembling.

"What the hell's the matter with you?" he asked.

"I'm sorry," she said.

"Don't be sorry," he answered. "Tell me why you threw my dinner at me."

He could still feel her shaking, but her voice was laced with defiance when she answered, "Because you were being a jerk."

Despite the circumstances, he had to hide a smile. So the Josie he used to know hadn't been completely replaced by the meek maid who had been serving him without complaint for the last two days.

"Well, the joke's on you, because now this jerk needs you to help him take a shower."

Silence from Josie but eventually he felt her stand up. "Let's get this over with," she said. "I've got plans."

And Beau's heart hardened as he stood up as well. Josie's plans not only caused his blood to boil with jealousy, it reminded him that he was blind and dependent on others to do even the most basic shit now. He'd gone from being one of the most eligible men in Los Angeles to some shut-in, living like a ghost in his childhood home.

And it for sure didn't help when she took his hand and led him into the bathroom. A certain portion of his body that didn't seem to get that Josie was about to head out on a date with another guy roared to life when her soft hand clasped his.

Pathetic, especially since Josie was less than interested. As soon as she got him standing just outside the shower, she let go of his hand.

A few seconds later he heard the sound of water spraying out of the shower head, and she said, "I'm turning my back so you can get undressed."

A minute later it sounded like she was on the other side of the large bathroom when she asked, "Do you need me to help you into the shower?"

"No," he answered, stepping in on his own. "I know how to step into a fucking shower."

"I didn't say you didn't, I just-"

"This water's too hot," he said. "What are you trying to do? Scald my skin off?"

"No, I..."

Footsteps, the sound of the shower curtain being slid opened, and the water went from hot to tepid.

But then she suddenly gasped.

Beau smiled. A gasp like that only meant one thing: she'd looked. She'd seen the evidence of how much he wanted her sticking out, hard and stiff between his legs. And what she'd seen had elicited a gasp from her pretty mouth.

"What's wrong?" he asked nonchalantly.

"Nothing!" she answered. He imagined her averting her eyes from his naked body. "Nothing at all. How's the water now?"

The thought of her gaze on his body sent a thick bolt of desire pulsing through his manhood.

"Now it's too cold," he answered, wanting to keep her there, wanting to do more than listen to her adjust the temperature of his shower.

The water got a bit hotter, but this time she didn't ask for his approval before he heard the shower curtain close again.

Beau smiled to himself. She had seen what he was packing, and moreover, it had made her uncomfortable. He decided to take his sweet time in the shower.

Let Josie see just how uncomfortable things could get.

CHAPTER 9

HOW LONG COULD ONE SHOWER TAKE? Josie wondered.

She'd cleaned up the mess from the pasta fight and steam cleaned the rug in Beau's bedroom for the second time that week, but when she'd returned to the bathroom, he was still in the shower. And even though she'd cracked the bathroom door open a few minutes ago, the room had turned into a sauna, making her long-sleeved plaid shirt damp and sticky on her overheated body.

At least she wanted to blame the shower for the state of her body. But her mind kept flashing back to Beau Prescott in the shower, chiseled like a freaking Greek statue, and his manhood, hard as a...

Josie shook her head. It had been too long since she'd seen a man naked. Yes, that was it, she assured herself. She had grown desperate, so much so, she couldn't stop thinking dirty thoughts about a man who was most likely about to fire her for pelting him with pasta. That was all it was. Nothing more.

She pulled out her phone and wiped a layer of steam off the screen to check the time. It was now ten minutes past when she was supposed to be at Ruth's House.

She stepped out of the bathroom and called Sam.

"Please tell me your boss isn't keeping you tonight," Sam said in lieu of a hello.

Josie grimaced. "Believe me, I wish I could tell you that."

Sam made a strangled noise. "Ugh, and that's the cherry on top of this terrible, terrible day."

"What else happened?"

"Mr. Benson decided he didn't want Ruth's House to be great."

"Oh, not the water heater!" The Benson water heater at Ruth's house was ancient, seriously ancient. Even the company that made them had gone defunct more than ten years ago. But Sam had been doing her best to keep it alive for years now. "What did the plumber say?"

"That Mr. Benson needs a funeral service and we need to replace him with Mr. Smith."

The plumber had been after them to replace the Benson with an A.O. Smith from his stock. He'd even offered them a discount on the labor to put it in. But the cost still came to more than two months worth of mortgage payments and they only had enough in the coffers to keep the shelter running for three months if absolutely nothing went wrong.

"We'll figure something out," Josie said encouragingly.

But then Sam started crying.

Which just about broke Josie's heart. "Don't cry, girl. You're going to make me cry, too."

"I'm sorry, I'm sorry," she said, sniffling. "It's just that I put my life and soul into this place!"

"Foreclosures take a while. If they kick us out of that building, we can find a new place and rent it."

"You have no idea how long it took me to find a place with enough room to house people on our budget, and that was before a lot of these funding organizations started making cuts." Sam snuffled. "With this water heater problem, I can barely make payroll next month. And there's no way I'm going to be able to pay first and last month's rent on a new place."

"We'll figure out something out." Josie promised her. "I don't know how, but I promise you, we're not going to let your dream die."

Suddenly the shower shut off in the bathroom. Josie sighed. "I have to go deal with my insane boss again. Sorry."

Sam rallied with a sniff. "No problem. Call me later if you want to talk."

Josie's heart swelled with love for Sam, who was always putting others first, even when her own hopes and dreams were on the line. "Will do. Love you."

"Love you, too."

Then she went back into the hot bathroom.

Part of her wanted to leave, just walk out. There was zero chance Beau would let her keep her job after what she just pulled anyway, so he was obviously keeping her here to make her sweat literally and figuratively.

But the other more practical part of her knew she needed to stick around at least long enough to get her first two days' pay. She couldn't go back to a cold mobile home in the dead of winter without at least knowing she'd be able to get the heat, water, and power turned back on. And even then, Lord only knew what she'd do next month. After paying the back charges on her most pertinent bills, she had no idea how long she'd be able to survive on what she had left.

"I'm done," Beau called out.

Josie reluctantly made her way to the shower, this time reminding herself not to look, not to even glance at Beau Prescott's ridiculously amazing body.

Back in high school, the one time they'd had sex, she'd been too busy making the biggest mistake of her teenage life to really take a good look at it. However, there was no denying what she'd seen in the shower. Beau Prescott had it going on in the body department with thick muscles that rippled down his arms, across his abdomen, and over his tree trunk legs. As if designed to match all over, what lay between his legs was also larger than usual and ridged from the massive mushroom on top, all the way down its long, thick shaft.

When she'd seen it, she'd felt her womanhood clench so hard, a gasp had escaped her lips before she could stop it.

She could still see the smug smile that had crossed his face when he asked her, "What's wrong?"

So now he was probably going to fire her and he'd have the satisfaction of knowing Josie had been ogling him like the moony school girl she used to be.

This time when she moved the shower curtain aside, she made it a point to keep her eyes firmly on the bath's gleaming fixtures, and she turned the water off with two firm twists, chanting, "Don't look, don't look, don't look..." in her head.

However, she was so busy not looking that she failed to notice Beau climb out of the shower on his own, and she ended up gasping again when she straightened up and found him standing right beside her, naked as the day he was born. For a moment she fell into a bit of a trance, staring at his body, at the droplets of water running down his chest all the way to his...

She raised her eyes again, keeping them firmly on the ceiling when she asked, "Did you, um, need something else?"

And the smug smile came back. "Yeah, a towel," he answered, his voice all Alabama drawl.

Red-hot embarrassment suffused Josie's entire face as she went over to the gold-colored towel rack and pulled off a fluffy white towel with a forest green "P" embroidered on it. She managed to hand the towel to him, keeping her arm long and stiff between them as she did so.

He took it but to her consternation, he didn't cover himself up with it. Instead, he swiped the towel over his hair and beard a few times before letting it drop to the ground.

Still, Josie kept her eyes planted on the ceiling when she asked, "Do you want another towel?"

"No, I like to air dry."

She quickly glanced at his Ray-Bans, which were also wet now, and thought about Mindy asking if he still had dreamy eyes.

"How about your sunglasses? I could dry those off for you."

"I'm letting them air dry, too."

He was blind, but at that moment Josie knew he could see right through her, and he knew he was making her very uncomfortable. He knew and was unabashedly enjoying it.

"So if you don't need anything else, I'll just be heading out..." she said.

She started to turn to leave, but then he said, "One more thing, Josie..."

She stopped. "Yes?"

His face became stone cold serious. "I want you off my mother's payroll."

Her heart sank even though she'd been expecting this. "You're firing me."

"Yeah, I'm firing you."

The thought of going back to her grandmother's unheated trailer made her stomach fill up with sick, nauseous dread. But she refused to give him the satisfaction of knowing just how much she needed this job.

"Fine," she said, hoping her voice didn't sound as strangled as she felt. What was she going to do? How would she survive? She knew she wouldn't be eligible for unemployment considering the short amount of time she'd been there. Maybe she could file for welfare, but how long would that take? What would she live on until then?

Stupid, stupid, stupid... why couldn't she have just swallowed her pride and taken whatever Beau Prescott dished out? Anything was better than the life that now sat in front of her: no college for sure, and her mother would be rolling in her grave to know her daughter had been reduced to welfare after all the sacrifices she had made to ensure Josie received a better start in life than she had.

She turned to leave again, her mind spinning with this new set of problems, but then Beau said, "Hold up, Josie, I'm not done."

She turned back to him, furious now. "It doesn't matter if you're not done, Beau Prescott. I'm done with you. I just want to go pack my things and try to forget I ever let myself get to the point where I was forced to take a job from you."

"You weren't working for me. As your little phone call proved, you were working for my mother. Didn't you say she was the one signing your paychecks?"

"Paycheck," she answered, folding her arms. "So far I've only earned one for the week of work I did, getting the house ready before you actually got here."

His face darkened then. "If you're looking for another job, I could give you one."

She scrunched her forehead. "First you fire me and now you're offering me another job?"

"Like I said, I don't want you on my mother's payroll."

She frowned. "What exactly would this job involve, Mr. Prescott?"

"Basically, it would be your old job. Plus..." He pointed in her direction. "You..." He then pointed at himself. "Me... Sex. Whenever and however I want it. And I'll double whatever my mother is paying you."

She stared at him for what had to be a full minute, she was that shocked. In fact, she'd probably have kept on like that if he hadn't asked, "So what's your answer?"

She had to swallow, because the first time she tried to respond, she found her throat had gone completely dry. "No!" she said, yanking her arm from his grip. "The answer's no, of course!"

His jaw tightened. "How about if I triple it?"

Her eyes went wide. "I'm not a hooker, Beau Prescott. How dare you-"

"I know you're not a hooker. A hooker wouldn't give me near this much trouble. But you're the only one here, so..." He seemed to think about it. "Fine, one-hundred times whatever my mother was paying you. But that's my final offer."

Her first instinct was to say no, a very emphatic no, possibly followed up by a slap and a very dramatic exit, but against her will, the hourly wage he was now offering her popped into her mind's eye. It flashed at her like a neon sign, while the right side of her brain ran a calculation. With a salary like that, it would take her less than a month to pay off her bills, pay for the rest of her college courses, and keep Ruth's House funded for another year. Just four weeks and she'd be an independent woman: debt-free, and more importantly, Prescott-free.

Her voice shook. "Are you serious?"

He went very, very still, and the humid air in the room seemed to hang heavier, thick with anticipation.

"I don't lie," he said. "And I don't make offers that I don't intend to honor."

"Yes, but-" She swallowed. "I just want to make sure I heard you right."

He took a step closer to her, leaving nothing but a thin sliver of air between them. "If you sleep with me, I'll pay you one hundred times whatever my mother was paying you. Deal or no deal?"

Her pride was screaming, "No!" But her brain was busy laying out what she could have if she ignored her pride and took the deal. There was also something else rooting for her to give in-something inside of her that was more than a little interested in the prospect of sleeping with the grown man version of Beau.

But she ignored that part and straightened herself up, lifting her chin and trying her best to act like the kind of jaded person who would actually take a deal like this. "You don't know how much your mother is paying me. How about if it's more than you can afford?"

"I've got a trust fund I've never touched, and I've been a professional quarterback all my working life." His voice sounded thick and dark when he said, "Believe me, I can afford you."

"I can't be your..." She pushed the first word that came to her mind, "whore," out of the way and finished with "...whatever you want me to be forever. There has to be some limits."

He crooked his head to the side as if this entire conversation was boring him. "Name your terms."

"I have plans for the spring, plans that don't include working for you. So I can only stay until then."

He shrugged. "Fine. I plan to be back in L.A. by then anyway. Once I get my sight back..."

She finished the sentence for him. "You won't need me anymore. You'll go back to Los Angeles and your groupies, and everything will be back to the way it was before, just the way you like it."

"So it's a deal."

She gulped, trying her best not to think about her mother. "Yeah, I guess it is. When do I-I mean, um, we-start?"

There was a moment of crackling silence. Then he answered, "Now." And his lips came crashing down on hers.

CHAPTER 10

HE HADN'T EXPECTED HER TO SAY YES. Of all the ways he had thought she might respond to his proposal, pitched half out of frustrated anger and half out of desperate need, the last one would have been yes.

But when he offered her one hundred times her current salary, she had gone quiet, so quiet, all he could hear were the last drips of water falling from the showerhead and the winter wind roaring outside the bathroom window. Then there was another sound, her shoes squeaking against the tile floor as she turned back to face him.

He braced himself then, thinking she'd say something derisive or maybe even slap him, but she'd hadn't done either and though she hadn't actually left the bathroom, her voice sounded faraway when she asked, "Are you serious?"

He had to hold on to himself very tightly, freeze himself to the spot in order to fight the impulse to close the space between them and take her into his arms. Just the hint that she might be open to sharing a bed with him....

But he realized what a fragile thing this possible agreement was, so though he got as close to her as possible, he kept himself from actually reaching out and touching her as he answered her next few questions. He forced himself not to laugh when she asked if he was sure he could afford it.

The truth was, not only could he afford it, he would have paid twice what he was offering if she had even hinted that was what it would take-that was how desperate he was to have her.

Part of him realized how weak this was, that he, Beau Prescott, one of the best quarterbacks in the NFL was offering a woman money to be with him. Not out of convenience, but because that was the only way he could have her.

But the other part of him didn't give a damn. If money was the only way he could get Josie and end the torment of having her so close without being able to touch her, then that was what he'd do without hesitation or conscience.

Still, he must have had some pride left because when she said she was only willing to stay until spring, he shrugged it off, and said. "Fine. I plan to be back in L.A. by then anyway. Once I get my sight back..."

"You won't have any need of me. You'll go back to L.A. and your groupies, and everything will be back to just the way you like it," she concluded.

His offer was more than that of bored rich guy, but he had no intention of letting her know about his ongoing obsession with her.

"When do I-I mean, um, we-start?"

A gentleman would have given her some time to adjust to the thought of becoming his paramour. Beau was no fucking gentleman.

"Now," he practically growled, before doing what he had been dying to do since she came back into his life a week ago. Kiss her. Kiss her like the man he was now, in order to satisfy the boy he had been back then.

JOSIE WAS COMPLETELY TAKEN ABACK BY THAT KISS. From what she'd seen in the tabloids over the years, Beau had been with countless women, all prettier and way more famous than she was. She'd expected him to be all smooth swagger, to take her back to his bed in the next room and claim the girl who had sworn she'd never work for him with cocky disdain.

But there was nothing smug about the way he kissed her; it felt more like an attack than a cashed in chip. And his beard rubbed roughly against her skin as his mouth devoured hers with something akin to desperation. If she hadn't known better, she would have thought he was actually attracted to her and not just looking for any warm body to share his bed.

"Josie, Josie..." he said, coming up for air, "...we need a bed."

"A bed?" Josie repeated.

"Yeah, a bed, and since you're always wanting to help me, I'm going to let you lead me to it."

He stood there, waiting. Waiting, she realized, for her to make the next move, for her to lead him to the location that would seal her fate as a woman who would sleep with a man in exchange for money.

Quickly, she grabbed his hand and led him out of the bathroom and over to the bed. Like ripping off a Band-Aid, she thought to herself. It was better not to contemplate it too long, just do it.

She placed him right at the bed's front edge and said, "You can sit down."

"You sit down, too," he said.

Her heart drummed in her chest as she took a seat at the far corner of the bed. But he said, "Closer."

She moved infinitesimally closer.

"I felt the bed move a little bit. But I'm not sure you actually moved."

"I did," she assured him, trying to keep the tremble out of her voice.

"Now, Josie, a deal's a deal. Don't make me work for something I'm paying good money for."

Guilt and shame roiled in her stomach, but nonetheless she forced herself to plop herself down right next to him. "No, I'd never want you to have to work hard for anything, Mr. Prescott," she said, her voice dripping with sarcasm.

A shadow of a smile crossed over his face. "Now that's the Josie I remember. Punishing you for that mouth of yours is going to be fun."

He reached up and stroked the side of her face with a large palm, and she flinched. Just like that, her former sass disappeared. Wayne had always accused her of the same thing, telling her she deserved his punishments, because she couldn't keep her mouth closed.

"Oh, hell, now you're trembling," he said.

She tried to stop, but found she couldn't. "I'm sorry," she said. "I'm trying not to."

He gave her an irritated sigh. "Try harder. Look, I know I'm blind now, but imagine me the way I used to be. Back then just about every other woman in America would be paying for the chance to sleep with me. Literally. A few of my groupies even paid people off in order to get near me. I'd walk into my hotel room for an away game and it would be like, boom! Two, sometimes three or four naked girls on my bed. Surprise!"

She held herself as stiff as possible in order not to shake, her hands squeezed tight in her lap. "That must have been really nice for you."

Beau sat there silent for seconds on end, and she began to wonder if he wasn't about to call the whole thing off, having seen how poorly equipped she was to handle being somebody's consort.

But then he said, "Why don't you start by telling me what you're wearing now."

She looked down at her clothes. "A plaid shirt and some jeans."

She expected an insult about her non-sexy wardrobe choices or worst, another story about his groupies. But he went still again, as if trying to hold himself back. "Unbutton the shirt."

Tentatively, she began to do as he said.

"Are you doing it?" he asked.

"Yeah, I am," she answered, her voice barely above a whisper.

"I tell you what," Beau said. "Why don't you give me my money's worth and narrate what you're doing while you're doing it."

"Narrate?"

"Like when I first came here and you wanted to talk me through everything you were doing like I was some kind of helpless invalid."

Her eyes widened at his misinterpretation of her sincere actions. "I wasn't trying to treat you like you were helpless, I was just trying to-"

He cut her off with a long, slow shake of his head. "Last I checked, I wasn't paying you to argue with me. You're so big on calling me Mr. Prescott these days, from now on when I make a request, all I want to hear from you is, 'Whatever you say, Mr. Prescott.'"

Was he serious? She clamped her lips together to keep back an angry reply.

"Whatever you say, Mr. Prescott." she finally answered after a brief wrestling match with her pride. Then she began narrating in a monotone between clenched teeth. "Right now I'm unbuttoning my shirt. Three more buttons to go. One ... two ... three..."

"Take the shirt all the way off."

She began to do as he said.

"I don't hear you narrating."

"I'm pulling one arm out and now the other." Her cheeks flamed. "And now I'm sitting here in my bra." She didn't add, "feeling real self-conscious."

"Details, details," he said.

It took her a moment to understand what he was getting at. "You want me to tell you what the bra looks like?"

He half-smirked at her. "I want you to do your job. You wouldn't lead me up the stairs without telling how many of them there were, would you?"

"It's nothing special," she said. "Just two triangles of cotton."

"Take it off."

"I'm taking it off," she said. "Now I'm sitting here naked from the waist up."

"Draw me a picture of what that looks like."

Embarrassment swirled inside her stomach as she answered, "I'm all-right looking, I guess. I mean, I'm not big-chested like most of your girlfriends."

"How do you know what my girlfriends look like?" he asked. "You been checking up on me, Josie Witherspoon?"

Yes. When she'd still been living in Atlanta, she had flipped through a few celebrity magazines in the supermarket to see if he was in them. But out loud she said, "You seem like the kind of guy who'd prefer a chest over substance."

"Don't go discriminating, now," Beau said, his Alabama drawl in full effect. "You can't judge a girl's brains by her boobies."

He suddenly covered her breasts with his large hands. And she gasped when she discovered that despite his trust fund background, his hands were rough and callused, probably from years of throwing footballs.

She also gasped because of what the fingers on his right hand were touching. A short thin puckered line. "What's this?" he asked.

"A scar," she answered.

"How did you get it?"

"It's a long, stupid, mood-killing story."

Not a lie, but not exactly a truth either. She waited with baited breath to see if he'd question her further.

"It feels like you got more than a handful, which is enough for me." To her great relief, he moved on from the scar, caressing the undersides of her breasts while his rough thumbs worked her nipples.

Soon the tension of the scar conversation was replaced by something else. A delicious thread of desire licked down her stomach, and when she looked down, her nipples were standing at attention. He dipped his head and pulled one into his mouth, and the warm, wet sensation made her forget the previous conversation all together as her lips parted on a moan.

He gave her engorged nipple a few long, lazy tugs before he said, "Tell me how this is making you feel."

"Nice," she said.

He stroked her nipple with his tongue again. "Just nice?"

"Good," she added. Then she moaned when he drew her breast into his mouth and sucked on her nipple quite a bit harder. "Really good. You're sucking on my nipple, but I can feel it down there, too."

"Down there? Tell me where. Exactly."

Embarrassment flooded her otherwise aroused senses. "You know where, Mr. Prescott."

"I know I know where, but I want you to tell me."

"Down below, inside my kit kat."

She felt silly using such a childish word, for not being the grown woman an exchange should require her to be. But she didn't have a lot of experience with being sexy.

Wayne had preferred for her to lie there, quiet and docile, while he moved on top of her. He'd never asked that she actively participate in their lovemaking, especially not like this.

She expected Beau to tease her about not using the right words, for not talking sexy like his hotel room groupies, but instead he said, "Take off the rest of your clothes and lay back on the bed."

She did as he asked, but once she was lying down, she had to fight the urge to cover her chest and womanhood with her arms and hands even though she knew he couldn't see her, that's how self-conscious this made her.

You're just an object to him, she reminded herself. A warm body. He doesn't care what you look like.

But what he did next was even more intimate than looking at her. He climbed up on the bed, still fully clothed, and lay down beside her.

"Turn toward me," he said. Then he started touching her.

First her hair. "It's not straight anymore, and it's shorter," he said, feeling the asymmetrical wedge of riotous curls at the top of her head. His hands then found the shaved sides. "Much shorter."

She waited for him to state his displeasure with the cut Mindy had labeled drastic.

"I like it," Beau said. "That weave you were wearing before didn't look like the real you."

She wondered how he could think he knew anything about the real her, but then his hands made contact with her glasses. "Are these...?"

He smiled like a little boy on Christmas. "You're still wearing the cat-eye glasses I bought you?"

"I ran out of contact lenses," she said defensively. "And I haven't had time to get a new pair of-"

He kissed her again, hot and strong, his tongue delving into her mouth like a proprietary claim. And once again her kit kat responded, swelling hot and bothered, just because Beau Prescott was kissing her.

One hand cupped her nape and the other continued his exploration, moving from her neck down to her chest, where he again revved up her nipple, torturing it under his thumb until she was squirming.

"Mr. Prescott..." she said, helpless with need.

"Hold on, darlin'. I'll get to that part of you soon enough."

Then his hand was moving down again, and she tensed but he stopped when he got to her ribcage.

"You've lost weight. A lot of weight."

She would have thought that would have pleased him as many skinny starlets as she'd seen him out with, but he was frowning.

"Yes," she said, searching for some credible explanation for actually being almost twenty pounds lighter than she'd been in high school. "I'm not sick or anything, I just lost weight because..." ...because of her previous all-soup diet, because of her recovery from being married to Wayne... but in the end she said, "...because Loretta's not feeding me anymore."

He didn't laugh at her joke. "I want you to gain some weight," he said. "That's an order."

"You can't just order somebody to gain weight," she informed him. "That's not how it works."

"For what I'm paying you, that better be exactly how it works. In fact, you can start eating dinner with me, so I know you're working on getting those curves back."

Somehow this was oddly flattering after Wayne's insistence that she workout every single day, even when she was sick, so she "didn't get fat like some of the other attorneys' wives."

But then he grabbed her butt and all thoughts of Wayne went away.

"You've still got this," he said, referring to her plump derriere. The weight loss had hit her every place but there, and Beau massaged her backside like an old friend. But he didn't stay there too long. Soon his hand was gliding around her hip, his fingers, searching, searching until they found...

Her breath caught.

"You stopped narrating. Tell me what you see."

"What?" she said.

"Tell me what you see," he repeated.

"Um, um, your hand on my kit kat." She let out another gasp, when two of his large fingers parted her folds. "And now your fingers are going in there, going inside me."

"How do they feel?"

"Big... tight-I mean, they're making my kit kat feel tight."

It wasn't the most eloquent picture, but a dark smile shadowed his lips like she was saying exactly what he wanted to hear. "I can feel you clenching around me. Do you know how hard that makes me?"

He kissed her before she could answer and said, "Touch me, too."

She could have acted disingenuous, demurely touched his chest or his arms like she didn't know exactly what he wanted, but the liquid heat his fingers had stirred up came to a boil inside of her and her innocence seemed to evaporate. She fumbled open the buttons on his jeans, reached in, and soon brought his manhood out, thick, rigid, and dripping with pre-cum. Fascinated, she stroked the magnificent beast in her hand, watching more clear fluid ooze out the tip.

"Fuck, yes, darlin'," he said. "But narrate it for me, tell me what you see."

With his fingers still thrusting into her, relentless and steady, she could barely breathe much less talk, but she did her best.

"My hand on... your big finger. I'm stroking it up and down... and it's getting bigger."

He slipped two more fingers inside her, and she had to stop. A tide unlike anything she'd ever experienced when she used her own fingers on herself was building inside of her. She moaned. "I can't talk anymore," she gasped out. "I can't... ohhhhh!"

"Don't close your eyes," he growled. "I want you to watch. Tell me what's happening."

"I'm- I'm stroking you. And you've... you've got four fingers in me now." She watched his fingers moving in and out of her in a daze. She saw herself clenching around his hand, almost seeming to suck his fingers back in every time they moved out. "It feels so... so... so... good."

She let out a loud moan and watched herself cream his fingers. "I'm coming! I'm coming so hard, I can see myself dripping all over your hand."

She said this with helpless disbelief. She wasn't trying to send him over the edge, but that was exactly what she did.

"Josie," he said, almost like an accusation. His dick jerked in her hand, and then big ropes of cum spurted out, splashing across her arm.

She held on to it, so enthralled by the sight she didn't think to let go until his dick stopped spasming and she realized out loud, "You're still hard!"

His answer was to turn away from her and reach for his nightstand. He knocked a lamp over sideways before finding the drawer and yanking it open. He pulled out a small, red package and apparently Beau had done this so many times he didn't need to be able to see to put on a condom, because he was sheathed in one moment, and on top of her the next.

Josie relaxed. The unexpected bout of foreplay had thrown her for a loop, but simple missionary she was familiar with.

She waited for him to move on top of her a few times then roll over like Wayne used to, but he guided his manhood over her still quivering slit carefully, before sinking into her.

"Josie," he whispered before he began slowly, oh-so-slowly, moving inside of her.

She moaned and started moving too, wanting more of him inside. And when he raised her leg, placing it over his shoulder, opening her up even wider so he could sink in all the way to the hilt, it felt like he was answering her unspoken wish.

He was so good in bed, Josie could hardly believe it. If she hadn't known better, she'd think he'd been waiting a long time to do this with her. He seemed to be savoring the moment, savoring her, savoring the fire they were once again building together.

Or maybe it was just her. It had been so long since she'd felt like this: truly turned on and not just a halfway-willing participant.

"Beau," she moaned, when the fire reached a fever pitch. "Oh, my God, Beau!"

She came undone again, clutching the sheets as waves of pleasure crashed over her. Then Beau fell on top of her, kissing her, and pumping into her afterglow until his entire body seized up, and he groaned out his release.

A few minutes later he rolled off of her, sprawling on his side of the large bed with his arms and legs spread wide.

They lay there quietly for a few seconds, then he said, "Big finger?"

Josie giggled, feeling like a girl half her age, almost literally, like she was seventeen again and just as wide-eyed over Beau Prescott as she used to be. "I didn't know what else to call it."

"Well, you're going to have to come up with something better than that," he said. "That's even worse than kit kat."

She rolled her eyes but couldn't keep the smile off her face. "Whatever you say, Mr. Prescott."

They both laughed a little more, then fell silent again. Josie began to feel awkward. Should she leave? Wasn't there an old saying about how men didn't pay women to have sex with them, they paid them to leave afterwards?

But then he reached for her. "Come here," he said, pulling her into his arms and curling a hand around her head, so she had no choice but to lie on his chest.

A few minutes later, she got up the nerve to ask. "Do you want me to go back to my bed? I don't want to overstay my welcome."

He didn't answer.

"Beau."

Still no answer.

She carefully slid off his sunglasses and sure enough his eyes were closed. So she guessed she was staying.

She reached across him to place the sunglasses on his nightstand, then curled up close and settled in, all the while trying to ignore how good it felt to have just done something that went against every moral fiber in her body.

CHAPTER 11

ONE MOMENT THE STADIUM WAS ROARING and the next, everything went completely silent. It had always been like this for Beau after the ball was snapped, from the very first time he played quarterback. It was as if a mute button had been pushed, one that turned off all the distracting sounds and sent the world into slow motion.

One of his best wide receivers was open in the end zone, but there was also a two-hundred-and-fifty pound linebacker blitzing toward him with the ferocity of a rabid dog.

Beau feinted to the side, and cocked his arm to throw the ball, but then something hit him from behind-a three-hundred pound defensive end he was told later.

That guy was just trying to do his job, which was to take out the quarterback before he could throw the ball. If Beau hadn't been totally focused on his receivers, maybe he would have heard him coming. Maybe he would have thrown the ball away, or dumped it off to his hot receiver.

But Beau didn't see the big lineman coming, so it was a complete surprise when he got hit from behind. He didn't go down, but the force of the blow sent his helmet flying.

For a moment he just stood there stared at his helmet in a daze, trying to figure out why it was no longer on his head. Helmets weren't supposed to come off. The NFL had all sorts of rules about chin straps being securely tightened because the last thing you wanted was to get hit when your helmet was off.

"Don't look at the coach."

"What?" He looked up and all the other football players were gone off the field, except for one. A tall, muscular guy dressed in the Suns uniform. He looked exactly like him, except he had on a pair of Ray-Bans.

"Don't look at the coach," the quarterback who looked exactly like him said again. "If you dive for your helmet, then you'll get away with just a concussion. If you look at the coach, then it becomes a freak accident."

"I don't understand," Beau said to his other self. "What's the difference?"

"If you look at the coach, that means you won't have a helmet on, and your occipital lobe will be unprotected when the other guy hits you."

Beau scrunched up his forehead and looked at the coach to see if he could see what other-Beau was seeing. "What other guy-?"

That's when the blitzing linebacker hit him from what should have been his left side, but ended up being square in the back of his head, sending a white hot flash through the part of his brain that housed his primary visual cortex.

Then the world went black.

Beau woke with a start. His eyes opened to nothing, an unnerving absence of visual sensation that he would have been hard put to describe even if he wanted to. And just like every morning since taking that unexpected second hit, his heart seized with panic until he remembered what had happened, that he was blind now.

But unlike those other mornings, the disappointment of waking up without his sight gave way to another realization: He wasn't alone in bed. Josie Witherspoon lie next to him. He could feel her thin arm flung across his stomach and the warmth of her steady breath across his chest where her head rested.

He pulled her up so he could feel her face next to his, then pressed his lips to her forehead, her closed eyes, her nose, and one of her cheeks, before he found her mouth. She responded with a low moan. Warm and willing, but still half asleep.

"Open your eyes, Josie," he said. "I don't want to miss this."

He could feel her smiling against his lips when she answered, "Whatever you say, Mr. Prescott."

But then she went still.

"What?" he asked.

"Your eyes," she answered. "This is the first time I've seen them since you came home."

Now it was his turn to go still. He hadn't realized he wasn't wearing his Ray-Bans. "Did you take my sunglasses off?"

"I thought maybe you'd be more comfortable without them."

His heart once again seized with panic, but this time for different reasons. "Hand them to me."

"But your eyes look fine without them. Just like they used to, in fact." Her voice sounded a little breathless.

He knew that. That's why he wore the sunglasses, so people wouldn't see the man he used to be when they looked at him. "Hand them to me. Now."

The bed creaked and he felt Josie's small breasts brush his chest. A moment later, the glasses were placed in his hand. He jammed them on his face, and immediately felt better, sheltered and protected from things he'd rather not think about. He pulled Josie back into his arms, continuing with the kiss he had initiated earlier as if they'd never had the sunglasses conversation at all.

"What's going on now?" he asked between kisses. "Talk to me."

"I'm, um... kissing you. Or you're kissing me. I guess we're kissing each other." She cleared her throat. "Your... thing is pressed into my kit kat. You're, um... really excited."

He stopped kissing her face and neck. "Just me?" He turned his whole body toward hers and pushed himself into her, pressing just hard enough to slip inside her warm folds, but not so hard that he got all the way in. "You're not excited, too?"

"I'm-" her breath caught when he rocked against her, which was enough to tell him his bulge had successfully made contact with her clit. "I'm excited."

He let his tongue lazily explore her neck before asking, "Excited enough, to let me all the way in?"

"Yes," she answered breathlessly. "I think so."

"You think so?" he repeated. "That's not good enough, darlin. I'm going to need you to check."

"Ch- check?"

He loved how nervous she sounded. "That's right. I'll be needing a confirmation of readiness before we go any further."

"I'm ready," she said. And this time she pushed herself against his rigid member. "I'm definitely ready."

"I don't believe you."

"What reason do you think I'd possibly have to lie about that?"

She probably thought frank question would be enough to get her off the hook, but Beau wasn't having it. "What happened to 'Whatever you say, Mr. Prescott'?"

There was a pause... then... "Whatever you say, Mr. Prescott."

"I want confirmation," he repeated.

"What kind of confirmation?"

"Why don't you stick your hand down there and make sure you're ready?"

Silence was his only answer.

He reluctantly let go of her and pushed back, putting some space between them. "I'm waiting," he said.

More silence, but then the bed creaked, which he assumed meant she was actually doing what he said. Just the thought of her touching herself was enough to turn his morning wood into top-of-the-day steel. "Don't forget to narrate, darlin'," he said.

"I've got my fingers on my kit kat," she said.

"Just on?" He let his hand descend to his own nether regions and found his dick nearly standing up straight it was so hard. "That's not good enough. I want you to do a thorough exploration. From the inside. Put your index finger in."

The bed creaked again, and he imagined her opening herself up and putting one finger into her wet snatch.

"It's in," she said, her voice tremulous.

"All the way in."

More movement, and her voice rose in pitch when she answered, "Yes, all the way in."

"And what are you findings?" he asked, stroking himself.

"I'm wet," she answered.

"How wet?"

"Very wet."

"Are you sure?"

"I'm very sure," she answered.

"Just in case, put your middle finger in there, too."

This time she made a small smothered sound. "It's in there too, now."

"And it fits?"

"Yes!"

"I'm still not convinced," he said. "Go ahead and put those other two fingers in there, too."

Her knee fell against his side, and he nearly came in his hand knowing it was because she was opening her legs wider to do what he said.

"I'm wet," she said. "I'm so wet."

It was no longer safe to keep stroking himself, so he said, "I'm not so sure your fingers aren't too small for the job. I'm going to need to perform the check myself."

Josie's hips jerked when he removed her hand and replaced it with his own.

"Oh, God," she said.

"I don't hear you narrating."

"I... you have your first two fingers inside of me."

"Be more specific, Josie. The details are the best part."

"You've got them kind of hooked in there and you're... you're rubbing your hand over the rest of my kit kat."

"And what are you doing, Josie?"

"I don't know," she answered. "I guess I'm trying to rub back."

"And why are you rubbing back?"

"Because," she had to stop for a moment, even as her hips ground up against his hand. "I'm trying to get more."

"More what?"

"More of your hand. More of... I don't know! I don't know." Her breath was coming out in short spurts now.

"I think you do know," he whispered in her ear. "I think you know exactly what you want. I can feel your clit getting bigger, darlin'. It knows what it wants, even if you don't."

"I-oh, God...!"

He felt her pussy clench and then there was a rush of liquid over his fingers.

"Now you're ready." He waited until she was done before pulling his fingers out. He put them into his mouth and tasted her cum. "I'll need you to hand me a condom, then I want you to get on top, darlin'."

She let out a few ragged breaths before answering, "Whatever you say, Mr. Prescott."

He heard his nightstand drawer open and close, then he felt her climb on top of him, settling her butt right above his pelvis. He could feel her soaking wet pussy on his abdomen and his dick spasmed, threatening to go off right then and there if he didn't get inside of her.

He barely managed to get the condom on his pulsing dick, yet he couldn't resist continuing to toy with her. "Final test. Put me inside of you."

"You want me to...? Um..."

She sounded a little stymied, and that surprised him. Had her husband never let her get on top? If Beau could see, he'd take every opportunity to watch Josie Witherspoon coming on top of his dick. If he'd been married to Josie-

He stopped himself right there. Josie hadn't liked him enough to agree to so much as a date in high school. And now that he was blind, the only reason she was in his bed was because he'd agreed to pay her an exorbitant amount to be there. He doubted there was any amount of money that could convince her to marry him.

But he could imagine it, he told himself. "That's exactly what I want, darlin'," he said out loud, picturing her with a big diamond ring on her finger that announced to the world that Josie Witherspoon belonged to him.

There was a pause, then he felt her tentatively take hold of his dick.

"I don't hear you talking."

"I've got your thing in my hand... again."

His cock spasmed when her fingers slid over it. "Fuck, Josie, I wanna hear you call it a dick. Or a cock. Or anything but those candy-ass words you keep subbing in for it."

"I've got your dick in my hands," she said. I'm..."

He felt her lift up, and the next thing he knew the head of his cock was enfolded within her sweet pussy. "I'm pushing it in." Her voice strained, and it was easy to picture her sitting on his cock, sucking in her breath as she pushed him into her slick tunnel until he was all the way in.

She wiggled on top of him, and there was wonderment in her voice when she said, "I didn't think it would fit all the way in from this position."

He was surprised, too. She fit so tight around him; it was like she'd been custom made to sit on his dick. Custom made for him.

He groaned. It had been fun letting Josie take the lead for a little while, but he couldn't stand it anymore. He grabbed her delicious ass with both hands, and pulled her hips forward.

She moaned above him, but he wasn't letting her off the hook that easily.

"You had better not have your eyes closed," he said.

"Your hands are on my butt and your dick is going in and out of my kit kat."

"Tell me how it feels," he said.

"Good." Her hands splayed on his chest and she leaned forward. But she must not have realized that action would not only make him go in deeper but also bring his cock in direct contact with her clit, because she cried out in surprise. "Oh, my God! So good..."

The tips of her breasts grazed his chest as he moved her up and down on his cock. He was glad when her breaths quickened above him, because he wasn't sure how much longer he could hold on.

She came with a broken cry only a few seconds before he exploded inside the condom. "Fuck, Josie, fuck..." he wrapped his arms around her and pulled her down, holding on to her with fierce tightness until he was empty.

"I can't believe..." Josie said. Then, "...I can't even form a sentence."

A knock sounded on the bedroom door, causing Josie to let out a squeak of surprise.

"Mr. Prescott, it's me, Mac."

Josie began to squirm above him. "Oh, no!" she whispered.

Why were older black people always trying to interrupt whenever he was in the sack with Josie?

"Go away, Mac," he snarled.

"I can hear you're... busy, Mr. Prescott, but I wanted to make sure you didn't need my services today. I could run out and get us some breakfast, since from what I heard, Miss Josie is, er...also busy."

"Oh, my God, oh, my God. I can't believe this is happening." On top of him Josie tried to wiggle free but Beau kept her right where she was, on top of his cock, even though he was now fully spent.

"Go away, Mac," he said again, even surlier this time. "And don't come back."

"Don't come back?" Mac said. "Are you firing me, sir?"

"You can't fire him!" Josie whispered. "This job is how he puts food on the table for him and his wife. It's not his fault he caught you banging the help."

Irritation prickled inside of him. Apparently, Josie was still in the habit of defending other people against him. And she obviously thought he was in the habit of firing people. Beau harrumphed. Fire someone once before you make her your mistress, and you're labeled a mean boss for life.

"No, Mac, I'm not firing you," he called back. "I'm giving you most of the week off with pay. Now get and don't come back until the big appointment on Friday."

"Are you sure, sir?"

"Yes, I'm fucking sure," he answered. "Now get out of here."

"All right, see you Friday morning." Apparently Mac knew better than to look free vacation days in the mouth, because the next thing they heard was the sound of his receding footsteps.

"Happy now?" Beau asked Josie.

"Well, you didn't have to be so rude about it. I mean, cussing? That man's old enough to be your father."

He grinned. "Who do you think taught me how to cuss? If you've got a problem with how I handle business, you need to take that up with Dad's ghost."

She went still above him. "I was sorry to hear about your daddy's passing."

Beau finally released her from his hold, the mood effectively killed. "Don't be. He was a bastard. You knew that, everybody did. And at least we were finally able to take the company public, and fill dad's vacant CEO position with someone who, unlike me, actually gives two shits about the company."

"Maybe so, but I should have made it back for his funeral. I mean, you came back to Birmingham for my mother's funeral. I should have done the same."

Her voice sounded far away now, like she was talking to him but giving her full attention to something else.

"Why don't you run down and whip us up some breakfast?" he said, trying to get her back. "Something good like pancakes."

That did it. He could hear the smile in her voice when she said, "Mac wouldn't approve."

"Well, Mac isn't here, is he?"

She chuckled and said, "Whatever you say, Mr. Prescott."

CHAPTER 12

"WHATEVER YOU SAY, MR. PRESCOTT" was a phrase Josie became very familiar with over the course of the week, during which they fell into a comfortable but intense routine of amazing sex, followed by meals that definitely weren't on Beau's diet plan.

She whipped up as many of his old favorites as she could, given the challenge of having to use whatever ingredients were in the house. But eventually she told Beau that she had to go to the grocery store.

"Does that involve you leaving the house?" he asked when she introduced the subject over a breakfast of grits smothered in butter, cream, and cheese on Wednesday morning.

"You know it does," she answered, fingering the lace trim on the black satin nightie she was wearing. She'd overnighted it to herself a couple of days ago, thinking he'd like the feel of it, even if he couldn't see it. She'd been right. It was eleven in the morning, but they were just now eating breakfast because he'd kept her up well into the night "breaking in the nightie," as he called it.

Now he shook his head, in denial of her grocery store request. "What if I need you while you're out?"

A shadow crossed her heart. By "need," she knew he didn't mean need her help. He still refused to accept that from her. In fact, she'd yet to see him walk any meaningful distance by himself, because he found a reason to send her out of the room whenever he wanted to go to the bathroom or take a shower.

However, when she came back from whatever errand he'd sent her on, she'd see the evidence of his struggle in the messes he left behind: overturned furniture, drawers of clothing in complete disarray, a shower littered with cleaning products he'd accidently knocked over.

And despite her attempts to stay cynical and detached from his situation, his helplessness worked at her heart. She wished he would let her help him, and hated that she had to stop herself from offering after he'd snapped, "No, Josie, I don't want your help. That's not what I'm paying you for, so stop fucking offering. "

Reminding her of their arrangement was his way of shutting down the conversation any time she tried to broach the topic of his blindness. Otherwise, he treated her more kindly than she ever would have expected. He complimented her food, kept her laughing with his NFL stories, and kept her coming more times than she would ever have imagined could be physically possible.

Thinking about how he had thanked her for the nightie by dipping his head between her legs and licking and kissing her down there until she begged him to stop because the back-to-back orgasms were becoming too much, she crossed her legs and tried to focus on the grocery store issue.

"Imagine these grits with shrimp and some green onions. Maybe bacon, too."

"God, you fight dirty, Josie Witherspoon." He threw down his cloth napkin. "Go on then. I got to take a shower anyways and now I got a hankering for shrimp and grits I know won't be going away until you break out Miss Loretta's old recipe."

Josie took advantage of his blindness to pump her fist in triumph. At least she thought it was a triumph.

But when she went to clear the dishes, Beau caught her by the arm. And one arm was all he needed to pull her into his lap. Soon his other hand was under her nightie and inside her womanhood, exploring her wet folds with rough curiosity. And her pussy, despite being a little sore still from last nights' sexual Olympics, nonetheless rallied, the bud between her legs standing at attention.

"Well, look at this," he drawled in her ear. "Josie Witherspoon, were you sitting over there with no panties on, getting wet, thinking about what all we did last night?"

Since that had been exactly what she'd been doing, her only answer to that was to blush.

He was massaging her clit now. "You know, I was going to leave you alone this morning, but it seems to me you might have one more orgasm in you."

He still had on the sweatpants he wore as pajama bottoms, but she could feel his rod, so hard and heavy against the back of her pussy, he might as well have had it pulled out.

Now his fingers were relentlessly plunging into her tunnel while the ball of his palm made circles over her clit with a steady rhythm.

She bit her lip and cried out, the satin material of her nightie gliding over her body while his hand brought her to rough climax.

Bubbles of pleasure rose through her kit kat and then exploded inside of her, turning Josie into a sack of liquid bones as she slumped forward on the table.

"Now you can go to the grocery store," he said from behind her. "And pick up some condoms so I can welcome you home good and proper."

Despite his promise to welcome her home, when she came in with the groceries, she found him in the kitchen fuming in front of the open refrigerator.

Josie took in the overturned bowl of fruit on the counter and the several jars on the floor at Beau's feet, and immediately figured out what was going on.

"You looking for something?" She kept her voice casual and relaxed.

"A Coke," he answered, his jaw tight. "I haven't had one in like a year, because I'm always in training."

By Coke, Josie knew he meant any soda. Like many southerners, Beau called all sodas Coke.

Josie glanced at the two cans of Pepsi, which unlike the poor mayonnaise and pickle jars, sat unmolested in the very back of the fridge. "Here, I can get one for you."

"No, I don't want you to get it for me. What did I say about you offering me help?"

"Yeah, but seriously, it's just a Coke. And it's right there, if you just let me-"

"Get out."

Josie blinked. "What?"

"You heard me. It's my house, my kitchen, and I'm paying you to do whatever I say. So get the fuck out."

Josie opened her mouth to protest, but then closed it again. From the rigid way Beau was holding the refrigerator door open, she could tell he wasn't going to stop until he'd found his Coke. Without her help.

"Whatever you say, Mr. Prescott." But this time it didn't feel like the soft joke it had become between them over the past few days.

She set the two bags of groceries down in the corner as far away from the refrigerator as she could and left through the large, hinged patio doors at the back of the house.

"WHERE WERE YOU?" Beau asked when Josie came back into his bedroom a couple of hours later. "I tried using the intercom but you didn't answer."

She glanced at the intercom, which he hadn't used since he got here.

"Did you need something?" she asked.

"No, but..." He touched his Ray-Bans, looking a little uncomfortable. "Where were you?"

"Well, first I was reading in the shed. Then I had to spend some time cleaning up the mess in the kitchen and putting away the groceries that didn't spoil when you ordered me to get out."

She waited then, but true to form, Beau just stood there, clenching and unclenching his fist.

Prescotts don't apologize, she reminded herself.

"What were you reading?" he asked.

She folded her arms. "Nothing you'd know."

"Try me."

"It was this novel, the latest in a series by Clara Quinn-she's a black sci-fi writer. It just came out and they had it at the library."

"The new Clara Quinn is out?"

"You know Clara Quinn?"

"What, you think you're the only one around here who appreciates a well-written book? Half of being a quarterback is traveling to the next game on a plane or a bus, so yeah, I read a lot, just like you."

He turned away from her. "Or at least I used to."

She knew better than to offer to order the book for him on Audible, since that went against his order not to offer to help him. But... "Maybe I could read it out loud, and we could enjoy it together?" she asked. "It's really good, and I haven't been able to talk to anyone about a Clara Quinn book in years."

His lips thinned into a mean smile. "So Nerd Book Club isn't happening anymore?"

And she almost smiled herself, remembering how Beau used to call out, "Hey Josie, Nerd Book Club's at the back door!" whenever Colin showed up at the service entrance with a stack of comic books under his arm.

"No." She told him like she told Mindy. "Colin and I fell out of touch."

He arched an eyebrow. "And your ex-husband didn't read?"

"Only for work," she answered, thinking about how often Wayne had derided her for having her nose in a book when she should have been concerning herself with being a better wife and homemaker.

"How about some fried chicken for lunch?" she said, deliberately changing the subject.

He shrugged. "Yeah, sure."

Lunch was a much less sexy affair than breakfast had been. Her back in her jeans and plaid shirt. Beau eating his food like it was part of a grim prison sentence.

But when she went to clear the dishes, he grabbed her arm again. Only this time, instead of initiating sex, he said, "Save those for later. Let's crack open that Clara Quinn novel."

And just like that, the awkwardness between them lifted. "Whatever you say, Mr. Prescott," she said with a big smile.

They spent the rest of the day in bed, Josie reading out loud, Beau initiating hot bouts of sex whenever she needed to rest her voice for a bit, and them both eating cold chicken in between.

It felt very domestic, like they were taking a fun, naughty vacation from their real lives. Like they were a real couple. It was so pleasant that at times Josie almost forgot she'd been hired to do a job. Almost.

CHAPTER 13

BEAU WASN'T IN THE HABIT of buying sexual companionship. From what he could tell, just about every woman from A-list actresses to hot housewives loved a quarterback and he'd never needed to convince a woman to share his bed, much less pay her. He'd heard about "the girlfriend experience," and quite frankly, had never understood the draw. Why pay a woman to pretend to be your girlfriend? He didn't get it.

Until now.

He'd had wilder sex, slept with more experienced women, done kinkier things, but being with Josie was the most intimate thing that had ever happened to him.

The way she touched him with awe and wonder, even though she'd been married before, made him feel like he was teaching her to take as much pleasure in him as he took in her. The way she said, "Whatever you say, Mr. Prescott," with a little laugh, like what they were doing was more fun than business.

And it wasn't just about the sex. It was about the way she stroked his hair while she read to him, the way she scooted back into him after they'd had sex, a silent reminder to wrap her in his arms just in case he forgot. The way she always turned the radio to his favorite rock station before she left to fix dinner, making sure he had some form of entertainment he could also turn off. It was also the way she seemed to read his mind when he had business to take care of, excusing herself from the bedroom after she went to use the bathroom, so he could use it, too.

It was almost enough to make him forget he'd heard her once again proclaim her love to Sam after he turned off the shower last Saturday. It was almost enough to make him forget he was paying her to take care of his needs. All of his needs.

Almost.

Eventually it was Friday again, and Mac showed up, bursting the girlfriend-boyfriend fantasy bubble he'd kept Josie and himself in for the past six days.

But Mac's presence didn't keep Beau from kissing her after breakfast. And kissing her, and kissing her, and kissing her, until Mac cleared his throat.

"If we don't get going soon, we're going to be late for your appointment."

He didn't want to let her go, didn't want to leave the house for the first time since he'd arrive.

"What are you planning to do while I'm gone?" he asked her, ignoring Mac.

"Go to the grocery store," she answered with a laugh. "We're out of everything again."

"You're not going anywhere else?" he asked, thinking of the boyfriend she hadn't seen in over a week.

"I'll be back before you are," she said. Then she stroked a hand over his hair. "Don't be afraid. Everything will be all right, no matter what happens during the appointment."

"I'm not afraid," he said. At least he wasn't afraid of what she thought he was afraid of. He was determined to get his eyesight back and return to the man he used to be, but right now he was more afraid of losing Josie to this Sam before he could make that happen. He cupped a hand around the back of her neck. "I want you here when I get back. That's not a request."

A pause. "Okay." But her voice sounded a little hollow to him, the way it did whenever she was biting back what she really wanted to say.

He kissed her again, reminded her of who had made her come too many times to count this week. He would have kept on kissing her, but Mac cleared his throat even louder this time.

"Let me walk you to the car," she said.

He shook his head. "Mac can handle that."

When he got his sight back, he could finally woo Josie the way he wanted to woo her. Bring her out to L.A. and show her the life she could have with him if she just got rid of this Sam joker. Meanwhile, the less Josie saw of him being led around like an invalid the better.

"But I want to."

"I'll see you when I get back." He let her out of his embrace. "Now get."

"Whatever you say, Mr. Prescott," she answered. But this time she sounded less like she was joking, and more like she was very reluctantly following his orders.

He waited until he heard her go through the kitchen door, before he allowed Mac to lead him outside.

"So you and Josie, huh?" Mac said after they were in the car.

He liked the sound of that. "Yeah, me and Josie. You have anything to say about that?"

"Nope, just fishing for some gossip."

He was fairly sure Mac was joking, but another dark cloud passed over his thoughts. What would the L.A. gossip rags say if they knew what was going on here? That he was paying a woman from his past an insane amount of money to sleep with him?

"That fish ain't going to bite," he told Mac. "So you might as well turn on the radio."

The mood remained jovial in the car, but it soured soon after they arrived at UAB's Callahan Eye Hospital.

"Hunh..." Mac said after they were escorted into a room and told Dr. Grant, their neuro-ophthamology fellow, would be joining them very soon.

"What?" Beau asked.

"That nurse led us into an office. I would have thought we'd be doing this in an exam room."

So did Beau. In fact, instead of saying hello when the doctor came in a few minutes later, he asked, "Shouldn't we be in an exam room?"

"No need," Dr. Grant answered. "I've looked over the charts your assistant Carol sent me, and I can already tell you're a very promising candidate for the procedure we're developing to treat cortical blindness with neural stem cell transplantation."

Beau grinned. "Exactly what I wanted to hear. When do we get started?"

"Get started?" the doctor said.

He sounded confused, which made Beau frown. "You told my assistant you wanted to meet with me?"

"Yes," the doctor said. "To talk about how our research might affect your case. As you may or may not know, the Prescott Trust continues to be one of UAB's most generous donors. However, the money has traditionally been directed toward the School of Business, per your father's will. I was hoping you might be interested in either diverting some of that ongoing allocation or donating to the Department of Ophthalmology yourself, since you might be able to benefit from the research we're doing here... someday."

"When you say 'someday,' do you mean someday next month?" Beau asked.

"More like someday in the next decade-I hope." The doctor's voice sounded very agitated now. "I'm sorry, Mr. Prescott, I didn't purposefully mean to mislead you. But now I'm seeing something might have been lost in translation when I talked with your assistant about all of this."

Beau gritted his teeth together. "She said you said that you had fixed cases like mine before. Hundreds of them."

"Again I'm extremely sorry, Mr. Prescott. When she said you were interested in my research, I assumed she had read my papers in full, and I was so excited about possibly getting your financial support for the Department of Ophthalmology-but I should have given more of a mind toward managing your expectations."

Beau could barely comprehend what this guy was telling him. How the hell was he supposed to manage his expectations? He either got his sight back and returned to playing football, or his whole life was ruined.

He held up a hand up to stop the doctor's blathering. "Did you or did you not cure hundreds of cortical blindness cases like you claimed?"

"Yes, I did," the doctor said, his voice laced with frustration. "In mice. Those cases I told your assistant about referred to the work we've done with mice. We're still several years away from being able pursue human trials, and there are a few hoops to jump through before that-hoops that will require a lot of time and money, which is why I wanted to meet with you..."

He kept talking, but Beau didn't hear much beyond "in mice."

"Get me out of here," he told Mac.

"Mr. Prescott, I'm sorry to have disappointed you, but if you could just consider how much a large donation would benefit the work we're doing here."

"Mac!" he bit out.

Less than five minutes later he was back in the passenger side of Mac's car.

"Call Carol and tell her she's fired," he said as soon as he heard Mac get in on the passenger side.

"Firing folks isn't exactly in my job description," Mac said. "I'm just supposed to be your home aide."

"Fire her and then I want you to find a doctor who can fix me."

"Man, I know you're in your feelings right now. I would be, too. Maybe what we should do is call Josie. She's the kind of girl you want by your side after you get news like this."

Beau gritted his teeth. Mac had no idea Josie had professed her love to another man twice within earshot and that she was only with him because he was paying her.

"Mac, I'm going to say this once," he said. "Don't talk to me about Josie. You have no idea what kind of girl she is, so keep opinions about her to yourself. Either do what I tell you, or you can find another job, too."

"Sorry, man, I overstepped." Mac started up the car. "I'll ask around and do some research. See what I can find."

They drove the rest of the way home in silence.

JOSIE WAS HOME when he arrived back at the house, just like she said she would be. He knew this because she showed up a few minutes after Mac left him alone in his bedroom. Right after he'd just laid himself down on his bed with the weight of the world crushing down on his chest.

"Hey," she said, crawling into bed with him. "Mac's gone."

"Good," he said between clenched teeth.

He could hear Josie hesitate and shift in the bed before she said, "It's not Mac's fault that neurosurgeon didn't tell you what you wanted to hear."

"I don't want to talk about this," he said.

"But maybe you should talk about it. It would probably make you feel better."

His jaw set. "I'm not paying for your fucking counsel. I don't need you to lend a goddamned ear. If you really want to help me, shut up and strip."

The old Josie wouldn't have let him talk to her that way. The old Josie would have put him in his place. But this Josie just went silent for a few long moments before saying, "I'm already naked."

His dick sprang to life like she'd hit it with a defibrillator. "Hell, Josie, why didn't you lead with that?"

She swung a leg over his torso and made herself comfortable, so he could feel the heat of her pussy through the crotch of his tailored trousers. "Now I'm unbuttoning your shirt..."

She unbuttoned his shirt and let her hands fan over his chest before leaning forward.

"I'm kissing you on your neck." She placed a kiss on his shoulder, then started working her way down his chest. "...and on your chest... your stomach."

Her soft, warm lips pressed into a few of his ab muscles. Then he heard an unzipping sound. "The next part is a surprise."

Her tongue flicked across the slit at the top of his dick and his whole body seized up. It was just a lick, a tease really, but just the thought of Josie touching him that way... She sucked on his bulbous head for a few moments before licking her way down his shaft.

He clenched his teeth. "Josie..."

She took him all the way into her mouth, so far in he could feel the back of her warm wet throat on the tip of his dick.

He groaned out his pleasure and fumbled until he found the back of her head. "Keep going, darlin'," he said, helping her find a good rhythm.

And she did just that, bobbing her head up and down on his dick and sucking like a vacuum at the same time.

"Oh, hell, you've got to stop."

There was a wet pop of sound when she let go of his penis. "What? You want me to stop? Am I not doing it right?"

He laughed, actually laughed after being told the procedure he'd been counting on to fix him wasn't ready for humans yet. "No, you're doing it too right, darlin'. I don't want to come in your mouth."

"Oh." A few beats of silence, then she said, "I don't mind if you come in my mouth."

And a bolt of hot lust pumped through his dick. "That's tempting, darlin', but what I'm trying to tell you is there's only one place I want to come right now. Inside you. So I'll need you to grab a condom and climb on top again."

She did what he said, stretching the condom over his aching erection before settling herself on top of him again. But then she asked, "Is this really how you want to do this, or are you just not wanting to tell me I wasn't doing it right?"

He affectionately rubbed his hands over her thighs. "When have I ever been the one to spare your feelings?"

"Never," she grumbled.

"That's right, never. And I'm not going to start now. I'm telling it to you straight. I want to be inside of you."

Without warning, he flipped her over, and entered her in one swift move. To his delight, her tunnel was slick and wet, even without foreplay. "And from the feel of it, you want me inside of you, too."

Her only answer to that was to wrap her legs around his waist, effectively clamping him to her as he lifted up and started moving inside of her with long, exploratory strokes. He'd wanted to tease her like this for while, but then she started in with her pretty little moans. And soon he was ramming himself inside of her just to hear the sound of her crying out for more.

He spun a fantasy around them then, imagining he still had his sight, that Josie had voluntarily come to his bed, that they had future together. In the end, they came at the same time, their arms wrapped around each other in a rictus of pleasure.

He rolled off of her, and she snuggled into his side, laying her head on his chest. "I hope you feel better," she said, nuzzling him with her nose.

He did feel better. A lot better, and it was all because of Josie.

That was when he made a solemn vow to himself: Every single thing he'd fantasized about while they were making love would eventually come to pass, because he would be keeping Josie even after their agreed upon time was up.

He didn't know how yet, but he'd find a way.

He fell into a deep sleep then, dreaming of a wedding on a football field, him dressed in his Suns uniform, a bride beside him as they listened to the head coach of his football team say, "You may now kiss the bride." He lifted the bride's veil, and there was Josie smiling up at him, her happy eyes like a magnet pulling him down to kiss her-

Knock! Knock! Knock!

The dream flickered out and was replaced with the absence of any image at all when he opened his eyes. But the sound of knocking on the door remained. Why would Josie be knocking on the door?

"Who is it?" he called.

"It's Mac, Mr. Prescott."

He sat up. Josie. He groped around the bed, but it was empty. Where was she?

"Is it okay if I come in?" Mac asked outside the door.

"What are you doing here?" Beau asked back. "Is it morning already?"

The door opened and he heard the click of a light switch being flipped. "Sorry for not waiting for permission, but it seemed like it would be easier to talk without the door. You hungry yet? Got some of Josie's chili simmering downstairs if you want it."

"Is that where Josie is? Downstairs? And you still haven't told me why you're here."

"Josie was afraid this might happen. That's why she called me in, so you wouldn't be confused."

He shook his head. "If she called you in to keep me from being confused, it's not working, because I'm still not understanding what's going on here."

"According to Josie, you fell asleep and she didn't want to wake you because she thought you needed it after getting that news today."

"Yeah, yeah," he said, signaling for Mac to get on with the story.

"But she told me to wake you by eight, because you hadn't eaten lunch and she wanted me to make sure you got some dinner in you."

He shook his head. "I'm still not understanding why you're here telling me this and not her."

Mac's next words hit him like a punch in the gut. "Oh, because Josie left out of here a couple of hours ago. She said something about it being her night off. She also said not to wait up for her, because she's going to be back real late, so she'll... er.... just sleep in her own room tonight."

Beau sat there feeling like a fool. While he'd been dreaming of weddings on football fields, Josie had been stealing away to meet up with Sam. And she hadn't even respected him enough to tell him in person that she was leaving.

"Mr. Prescott?" came Mac's voice again. "You all right?"

CHAPTER 14

IT WAS HER NIGHT OFF. She was allowed to leave the house. Beau couldn't keep her from living her own life in her off hours.

At least that was what Josie told herself. But guilt plagued her as she went about her business at the shelter. As busy as Ruth's House was, with the usual stack of paperwork, piles of linens that needing washing, and two new intakes, one of a willowy blonde with two big-eyed children in tow, thoughts of Beau Prescott dogged her as she helped Sam put out one fire after another.

Coming here had seemed like a great idea earlier in the day. She'd let her Saturday duties go the week before, and she knew Sam could more than use the extra pair of hands.

But really it was Beau's command that she come right back after going to the grocery store that had made the decision for her.

She had adjusted surprisingly fast to being someone's sex partner for money. But the way Beau tried to keep her from leaving the house made the hairs on the back of her neck stand up. Not just because of the presumption of it all, but also because it reminded her of Wayne who by the last year of their marriage, didn't let her go anywhere but the grocery store unaccompanied.

At first, he, too, had said things like he wanted her there when he got home. He couldn't stand to be apart from her for as long as it would take for her to have a girls' night with a kind neighbor who had invited her over for a book club and drinks. At first it had been romantic.

But then it had turned into something else. Commands to stay in when he was at work. Threats about what he would do if he found out she was visiting her mother without him. "You want her to go back to being some white family's maid?" he asked her. "Because I can make that happen. But I hope she's got some retirement savings, because I don't know anybody looking to hire a middle-aged live-in maid."

Her mother didn't have any retirement savings, and by the time Wayne stopped bothering to even pretend he was a remotely decent person, Josie didn't feel like she had any choice but to do what he said for fear of what would happen to her mother if she left him.

Later, when she started volunteering at Ruth's House, she found out this story was so common, it would have been a cliche if it hadn't been happening to women across the country every day. Intake after intake told her the same tale: a guy who seemed like a fairytale come true at first only to morph into a cruel task master. These men would insist on getting them pregnant as soon as possible or setting up a beloved relative in a nice place, only to eventually use their loved ones against them. Many men had threatened to take their abused wives' children away, and Wayne wasn't the first asshole to threaten to put a parent out on the street.

After Josie finished shopping, she'd used the store's ATM to withdraw some "walking around" money, only to discover her bank account had gone from three to five digits. She stared at her new balance, which was more than she could have made in a year doing domestic work. It was enough to keep the shelter open for the next six months at least with money leftover for her to start at UAB in the spring.

The money represented a fresh start, but it also represented what was really going on between her and Beau. As sweet as that scene had been this morning, she wasn't his girlfriend, she was his kept woman. And that was all she'd ever be to him-something he'd bought and paid for.

Josie had come straight back from the grocery store, like Beau had told her to, but she had assured herself she wasn't under his thumb the way she'd been under Wayne's. She'd prove it by going to the shelter that night.

And if Beau tried to stop her, she'd remind him about the terms they'd agreed to. But when she'd crawled into bed naked with him after his appointment, it had been more than she'd expected.

She hadn't been surprised he hadn't wanted to talk about his appointment with the UAB neurosurgeon. But then he hadn't let her finish the blow-job that had been meant to take his mind off of it.

Why had he insisted on coming inside of her, like he really did care about her and wasn't just interested in having a play-thing until he could get back to his groupies in L.A.? Why had he held on to her like that when they came together, like he was trying to crawl inside of her, so they could be bound in the moment forever?

And why had he looked so peaceful, when she crept out of bed and arranged for Mac to come over? Like sex with her hadn't just been a distraction, but also a healing balm for the wound he'd received that day.

"Josie? Josie? Please report to the front desk!" Nancy's young voice sounded frantic over the intercom and it was enough to snap her out of her Beau meditation.

She threw down the sheets she'd been folding and ran to the reception area.

"What's up?" she said to the girl, who was ducked below the window, obviously hiding from whoever was out there. She'd dropped the metal curtain down, but that wasn't enough to keep the sound of someone shouting, "Hey! Hey!" and banging so hard on the window the curtain rattled.

"There's a guy out there who says his wife is here. I think he's drunk."

They both jumped when a fresh round of bangs sounded on the window. "Hey! I know you're in there! Open up!"

"And there's a new intake out there with him. He must have followed her in."

"Did you call Curtis?"

"He's still dealing with the guy from earlier."

Josie cursed. This was what Sam referred to as a pile up and it was also the reason they'd wanted more than one security guard for the shelter for some time now. The problem with abusive husbands was they weren't dumb. On big intake nights, Ruth's House could usually count on at least one husband or boyfriend figuring out his wife or girlfriend was at Ruth's House and creating a ruckus until Curtis threatened them with jail time. Then if they didn't go away, Curtis would cuff them and take them to the security trailer, which sat behind Ruth's House until the police showed up.

However, if another husband showed up while Curtis was in the security trailer, and managed to get past the first set of doors, usually by sneaking in behind a possible intake, that was what Sam called a "pile-up."

Josie didn't know what was scarier, that the situation happened enough for Sam to have a nickname for it or that it was happening right now.

"Did you call Sam? She'll know what to do."

"She's in deep process with that blonde and her kids." Nancy said. "But I can call her on the intercom if you think I should."

Deep process meant the woman wasn't sure if she could leave her abusive husband yet, so Sam had commanded they not be bothered while she tried to convince the woman to make a decision that could save both her and her children's lives.

Josie shook her head. "No, let me see if I can handle it."

Taking a deep breath, she walked up to the window and yanked open the curtain. "Sir! Our security guard will be back any moment now, so I suggest you stop banging on this glass and get out of here..."

She trailed off when she saw the person on the other side of the glass. It was Beau' high school football buddy, Mike Lancer! About fifty pounds heavier, and from the look of his red drunk face, about twelve years meaner, but it was unmistakably him, nonetheless.

He slammed his hand against the window. "Josie Witherspoon. What the hell are you doing here? Do you have my wife and kids back there?"

The willowy blonde with two kids. Mike Lancer was the abusive husband they'd come here to escape.

"I- I don't know who you're talking about," she said, falling back on shelter protocol.

"I know she's back there. Who the hell do you think you are?!"

"Sir, I'm asking you to leave now," she said, using her best stern voice.

"You don't think I know why you're back in town? Probably servicing Beau like you did back in high school when you let him 'tap that ass' as you people like to say."

He banged on the glass so hard, the whole wall seemed to rattle.

"You're nothing but a whore!" he yelled. "And you're lucky you're behind that glass, because if you were out here, I'd teach you exactly what happens to little whores who go sticking their noses where they don't belong!"

His words hit her like bullets, not just because part of what Mike was accusing her of was true, but also because Mike Lancer really did look angry enough to come through the glass.

But she swallowed her fear and picked up the phone. "If you don't get out of here, I'll call the police. And then you'll have to explain to them why you're so far away from Forest Brook, shouting at us."

Mike paled. Unlike Beau, he'd always been way more concerned with keeping up his family's name.

He slammed his fist against the glass one last time, but in the end, he walked out of the shelter, glaring over his shoulder at Josie all the way.

And Josie let out a huge sigh of relief.

"Oh, my God! That was so scary!" Nancy said beside her. Her voice cracked on the last word and she covered her mouth with both hands, obviously fighting back tears. This was why receptionists tended not last long at Ruth's House.

"It's okay," Josie said, drawing the younger girl into her arms. "I was scared, too."

"I feel sick," Nancy said into her shoulder.

"And I felt sick to my stomach, too," Josie said, thinking about how Beau used to actually hang out with Mike before he'd left his Alabama life behind to join the NFL.

"No, I mean really sick!"

Then Nancy emptied the contents of her stomach down the back of Josie's shirt.

"I'm so sorry!" the younger woman said sheepishly a few hours later when Josie left the center, dressed in some donation box clothes Sam had picked out for her while she'd been scrubbing Nancy's regurgitated dinner off her body in one of the center's showers.

"It's okay," she answered with a weary wave.

Josie was bone tired when she finally arrived home to a completely dark house a little after two a.m. But she found herself having to fight off the temptation to crawl into Beau's bed and curl up in his strong arms.

He's not paying to comfort you after a long day, she reminded herself as she crept past his door, and walked up the stairs to her own attic room. Besides he was probably furious with her for leaving without giving him the chance to throw a temper tantrum that would have kept her there longer than necessary.

She didn't realize she'd been holding her breath until she reached her room and turned on the light.

But then she turned around and screamed in surprise. Beau Prescott was standing in the middle of her room, so rigid and straight, he would have looked like a statue if not for the fists opening and closing at his sides. And for once, despite his sunglasses and beard, she could tell exactly how he was feeling.

Furious. More furious than she'd ever seen him.

CHAPTER 15

"WHO HELPED YOU GET UP HERE..." But then she trailed off, noticing the state of her small attic room. It looked like an elephant had come trundling through with papers scattered all over the floor and a chair knocked onto its side. No need to finish the question, because she already had her answer.

Beau had gotten his own self up here, that was how determined he'd been to confront her about leaving.

"You can't be mad," she said. "You said it was my old job with sex, and my old job had time off."

"Take off your clothes," he growled.

"I'm allowed to take time off."

"You're allowed to take Friday nights off. It's Saturday morning now, so you belong to me. Now take off your clothes."

She was about to protest, but before she could even get a word out, he said, "Take off your clothes or I'm going to do it for you."

She eyed him warily, thinking there was no way he would or could actually follow through on that threat. But then as if reading her thoughts, he closed the space between them, and the next thing she knew, her long-sleeved donation box t-shirt was being ripped down the center and cool air hit her torso.

"What are you doing?"

He shoved the ruined top off her body, then his hands fumbled down her sides and the next thing she knew, the yoga pants were coming off. He shoved them down over her hips before tearing her thin cotton panties off her body and throwing them across the room.

"There," he said. "Now get down on your hands and knees."

"Wait," she said, holding her hands out.

"Shut up," he said. "Don't say another fucking word to me. Just get down on your hands and knees."

"I don't think-"

"If I have to tell you again, I'll find someone else to meet my needs, and you can go back to wherever you were living before my mother dredged you up. It's your choice. Get down on your hands and knees or get out."

It's your choice. Josie clung to those words and tried not to think too hard about what she was doing as she got down on her hands and knees. "Whatever you say, Mr. Prescott."

In less than a second, he was behind her, his chest pressed against her back, his dick lodged in the back crevice of her vagina. She held her breath again, expecting a rough entry, but then she felt two of his fingers press down on her clit, rubbing, rubbing. It was too hard to be called a caress, but not so hard that it to hurt. It was a punishment, she realized with a moan, one designed to show her who had the most power over her body.

And it was working. She could feel her formerly dry kit kat, begin to weep with need. As if to confirm it, he said. "I can feel you wet on my fingers. Your pussy's begging me to get inside of you."

He plunged his fingers into her, almost like he had that Wednesday after breakfast, but this time he didn't also massage her clit.

She tried to resist, but the heat he was creating became too much. Soon she was riding his fingers, pressing back against his dick. Having it lodged against the bottom of her kit kat like this was nothing short of torture, and the two fingers inside of her just weren't enough.

She found herself reaching up behind her and trying to guide him inside, but he grabbed that hand and pinned it to the floor. At the same time, he used his thigh to spread her legs further apart, so his fingers were even less satisfying than they had been before.

It only took a few minutes of this callous teasing before she was completely out of her mind.

"I can't take this anymore," she said. "I can't-"

He suddenly took his hand out of her pussy and shoved the two fingers that had been plumbing her depths into her mouth, effectively stemming her flow of words.

"Taste how hot you are right now, how fucking much you want this. You're such a bad girl, Josie."

Josie clamped her lips around his fingers, and tasting herself like this, so hot and indecent, sent quivers through her.

"Does he know how hot you get for me?" Beau asked above her, his voice tight with anger. "When you were with him, did you let him know that every other day this week, you've given yourself to me?"

He lifted his cock away from her damp folds and asked, "Who paid for this? Whose dick do you want inside you right now?"

"Yours," she moaned thoughtlessly.

"I want Mr. Prescott's dick inside my pussy-repeat that back. I want to hear the words straight from your pretty mouth."

"I want Mr. Prescott's dick inside my pussy." It was humiliating but true, and the sexual frustration was making her dumb with need. She tried to free her hand so she could masturbate herself, but he was too strong for her.

"Say you're mine," he said.

"I'm yours," she whispered, not knowing what else to do to get the satisfaction her body was demanding.

And he finally shoved himself inside of her, so deep Josie's back arched and she cried out when he filled her up completely with one thrust.

"You're mine," he said. "Mine. Say it again."

"I'm yours," she cried out.

He pushed into her, again and again, relentless and without mercy, and the heat, the pressure...

"Beau!" she screamed before exploding.

She felt his dick surge inside of her soon after. But unlike her, he didn't make a sound, just kept angrily pumping into her until he was fully released. He then pulled out of her and stood up so he was looming above her.

"The next time you're with Sam, I want you to picture yourself like this." His voice was as cold as a block of ice. "Begging me to fuck you until I finally give you what he can't."

Without him to hold her up, Josie fell onto her side, ashamed of herself and her traitorous body, which had made her resort to begging Beau Prescott to fuck her as hard and as cold as he wanted.

She shut her eyes and she kept them closed until she heard Beau leave the room, kicking a fallen chair out of his way as he did so and then slamming the door behind him.

CHAPTER 16

HE'D GONE TOO FAR. Beau only got to enjoy truly showing Josie who was boss for a few minutes, before cold, hard reality hit him.

He found his bed and sank into it, feeling even worse than earlier in the day when his best hope for getting his sight back informed him they weren't even at the human trials phase yet. The truth was, he'd let himself forget Josie hadn't spent the week in bed with him because she'd wanted to, but because he'd been paying her to. And all the eating, reading, and laughing they'd done? It had seemed magical to him, but for her it was just a job.

He'd let himself get caught up in the fantasy, had actually allowed himself to believe Josie was enjoying being with him as much as he enjoyed being with her. But that had been dream, one he'd woken up from with Mac knocking on his door.

Knowing she was out with Sam, that another man was touching her, had nearly driven him crazy. At first he'd gone up to her room to fire her all over again, but then the first hour had passed, and then four more. Each time he pressed the time button on his phone to find another hour had passed, his anger doubled, and by the time she entered the room, he was in a full on rage.

Maybe if she hadn't come in with the scent of soap and some fruity shampoo clinging to her body and hair, like a shower was enough to scrub off what she'd been doing with her other lover. He'd wanted to punish her, presumably for sneaking out, but really for choosing to be with another man after the week they'd shared.

And now here he was, lying in his bed alone, desperately aware that whatever magical thing he'd thought he'd been building with Josie had burned up in the fire of his rage.

He fell into a heavy, dark sleep, and when he finally awoke, the talking clock on his nightstand told him it was now late in the afternoon.

His empty stomach confirmed that fact with a grim tug of hunger.

"Mac?" he called out. No answer. Then he remembered he'd been so pissed the night before, he'd fired Mac on the spot. Just like the jerk Josie had been insinuating he was since they'd struck their deal.

He cursed. "Josie?" he called out now.

No answer. Where was she?

He walked to the bathroom to take care of his bladder and also scrub the last twelve hours off his body. He easily found his own way there and got himself showered.

I must be getting used to this blind stuff, Beau thought, because lately he'd been navigating his room a whole lot easier. He hadn't become disoriented nearly as much as his first few days in the house, and save for his trip to Josie's room, he hadn't tripped over anything in almost a week. He even managed to get dressed despite the fact that neither Josie nor Mac had laid anything out for him this morning. A few foot sweeps across the bathroom floor, and he found the sweatpants he'd discarded the morning before-sweatpants that wouldn't have been there if Josie had done her job this morning, which she obviously hadn't.

A fissure of fear then interlaced with his hungry grumpiness. It wasn't like Josie to leave someone in a lurch like this. He followed the carpet runner he'd only realized was there a few days ago into the hallway and another one down the stairs to the kitchen.

"Josie!" he called out again when he made it to the kitchen, this time somehow managing not to bang his legs against any heavy furniture like the last time he'd tried to find the kitchen on his own.

"Hi," a voice said from the direction of the kitchen table. "I'm thinking I should alert you to my presence. Sorry for being in your kitchen unannounced."

The voice was feminine, and it almost definitely belonged to a black woman, but not a southern one. "You're not from here," he said.

"No, actually, I'm from Detroit. But I've been living in Birmingham for the last five years. It's actually where my mama was from. She and my dad came up to Michigan to work in the car factories toward the end of the Black Migration. So I'm like a lot of black people from the Midwest, first generation Midwesterner with southern parents. And I'm sorry, I know I'm rambling, but when Josie asked me to meet with you, she didn't tell me you wouldn't be wearing anything but a pair of sweatpants."

Beau ran a hand over his bare chest, and almost started to explain that the sweatpants he wore as pajama bottoms had been the only thing he could easily find, but then he realized there was a more important question that needed to be asked.

"Who are you?" he asked. "And what are you doing in my kitchen?"

At this point, he was bracing himself for the worst, for this woman to tell him she was the person Josie had hired to replace her, because she was quitting after what happened the night before.

"Oh, Josie didn't tell you we were meeting or who I am?" The woman sounded as surprised as he felt to have an unannounced stranger in his kitchen.

"No," he said. "And if you're here about the housekeeping position, then tell Josie if she wants to quit, she needs come back here and tell me herself."

"Okay, I am so confused, because obviously you have no idea who I am, and I thought Josie would have-" She broke off. "You know what? It doesn't even matter, because I'm here now, so I'll just tell you..."

He heard her take a deep breath. "My name is Sam. And I'm in your kitchen because Josie asked me to talk to you."

CHAPTER 17

A BOMB COULD HAVE DROPPED in the kitchen and Beau doubted he'd have been more surprised.

"You're Sam," he said, his voice sounding dull and hollow in his own ears.

"Yes, I'm Sam," she answered, still sounding confused.

She wasn't the only one. "So Josie sent you here to tell me she's a lesbian?"

Sam laughed outright. "No! Not that I know of, at least. She's the best friend I have in Alabama. She said you had some questions and I should answer them."

He frowned but made his way to the kitchen table and dropped into the chair beside her. "Okay, then my first question is why has she been spending all her Friday and Saturday nights with you?"

"It's not exactly with me. Josie is one of the most dedicated volunteers at Ruth's House, the domestic violence shelter I started when I moved here. She used to be there just about every day, but then she got this job." He heard the sound of Sam shifting in her seat. "At least I think it's a job. I'm assuming if she asked me to come in and talk to you, it's become more than that."

Regret and remorse exploded like a landmine inside Beau's chest. "Why didn't she tell me she was going out to volunteer? I would have been fine with that, but she let me assume the worst. Was she toying with me? Trying to drive me crazy?"

Sam didn't answer right away, but when she did, her voice was very careful. "I'm not sure you fully understand the situation here. A lot of women volunteer their time for pet causes, but nobody volunteers at a women's abuse shelter on Friday and Saturday nights."

And it all started to fall into place. "She didn't want me to know how important the shelter was to her, because she knew I'd ask why."

"I think so, yes."

Beau's hand curled into a fist on top of the table. "It was her ex-husband. He hit her, didn't he? That's why she came back to Alabama. That's why she was so down and out when my mother called her about taking this job."

"I'm sorry," Sam said. "I can't answer any of those questions for you. That's Josie's story to tell. I'm just here to help you understand some things. Like why she wouldn't necessarily want to tell you where she was going on Friday and Saturday nights, and why she'd rather let you believe she was seeing someone else than tell you she was volunteering."

"She said it was none of my business," Beau said.

"Well, she's right about that," Sam answered, with a hint of humor in her voice. "But you also have to understand if she's romantically involved with you, she might be a little bit more wary than someone who hasn't been through what she's been through. A woman with Josie's past isn't going to respond well to anyone trying to monitor her comings and goings because that's one of the first signs you're in an abusive relationship."

He felt Sam place a hand on top of his. "Also, in situations like Josie's, shame is an ongoing thing. Sometimes, even after a woman manages to get out of an abusive relationship, she'll beat herself up for years with blame. She's not necessarily going to want to explain how she's feeling or why she's feeling it, especially to someone she's dating."

His mind reeled, trying to take all this in, even as more and more things started falling into place. That was why Josie had screamed when he grabbed her last Saturday. That was why she'd sounded so distant when he asked her to come straight home from the grocery store. And the thin scar on her breast...

"Where is she?" Beau asked. The need to talk to Josie felt like it was burning a hole in his chest.

"I'm not done," Sam told him. "There are other things we should go over-"

""I need to talk to her," he said, yanking his hand away.

"You don't understand-"

"I do understand," he said, trying to calm down. "But you don't understand that I can't talk to you because she thinks she can't talk to me. She sent you because she's afraid of me. That's why I need to talk to her. I need her to know she can tell me anything. Anything and I'll still-"

He broke off.

He felt Sam's gentle hand on his shoulder. "You'll still love her. That's what you were about to say, wasn't it?"

He shook his head. He was done talking to Josie's best friend. "I need to talk to her."

A pause, then Sam's hand came off of his shoulder. Next he heard a tapping noise that he could only hope was the sound of her texting Josie.

"GIRL." SAM'S MESSAGE BLINKED onto Josie's phone a mere ten minutes after she heard Beau making his way downstairs from the confines of her little room.

"That bad?" she texted back.

"He says he won't talk to me, only you. If you want, I can tell him it's me or nobody else, but I think he wants to apologize for whatever went down between you two."

Josie nearly wrote back, "Prescotts don't apologize." But then she realized she was not only putting Sam in an awkward position, she was treating her like a high school go between. "Okay, I'm coming down," she texted. "You can go."

Next came some more back and forth texts, with Sam asking her if she was sure several times, then turning around and texting, "Okay, but you had better call me later with details. Dude is waaay sexier than I was prepared for. Luckily he's blind or he would have seen my day-um! face when he walked in all shirtless and yummy looking."

Josie chuckled. Leave it to Sam to pull a joke out of the situation, even one as intense as this.

As if reading her mind, a new message popped up on her phone. "You think I'm joking, but I'm not."

Josie sucked on her teeth and typed. "I will call you later, Sam. Now pls go. And thanks."

Sam must have taken her at her word, because when Josie entered the kitchen, Beau was sitting at the table alone.

"Beau," she said.

But that was as far as she got before he was out of his seat. He lurched toward her, gripping the nearby island counter, then one of the bar stools, then walked forward without support.

Josie, having never seen him navigate a room blind, watched mesmerized.

But the scene didn't last long. He snatched the air a few times, found her shoulder, and dragged her into his arms.

She could feel him breathing heavily against the top of her head. "You should have told me," he said.

"I know," she said. "But I couldn't."

He gripped her even tighter. "I'm not him, Josie. I would never hurt you like that. No matter how angry I get, I would never lay a hand on you."

"I know," she said. Because despite the times she had been afraid of him, and as angry as she had gotten with him, she knew deep down in her heart Beau wasn't like Wayne. He'd never hit her, and unlike Wayne, he would never pretend to be her Prince Charming. He was Beau Prescott, amazing lover, ridiculous asshole, and he'd never pretended to be anything else. "I know you're not him," she said.

He rocked her in his arms for a few beats. "Any chance of you telling me where your ex-husband lives or are you going to make me have Mac Google him?"

"According to the text I got from Mac this morning, you fired him," she reminded him. "And he's not my ex-husband."

"I don't understand," he said, pulling back from her. "Are you still married to that bastard?!"

"No, but not because we're divorced." She looked away from him and finally confessed, "I'm a widow."

Then for the first time in her entire post-college life, she told a man about what had happened between her and Wayne. The angry words that had turned into shoves, which had turned into occasional hits, then amped up to not-so-occasional beatings.

That was bad enough. She couldn't even look at Beau as she told him her story. But then came the worst part, when Loretta died.

As sad as her mother's passing had been for Josie, she realized it also meant freedom. She no longer had to live in fear that her mother would go hungry if Josie didn't do exactly as Wayne said. And she began quietly making plans to leave him.

She'd made sure to clear her browser history after looking into Atlanta shelters, and when Wayne got home every night, she tried to be as perfect as she could for him.

And maybe it had worked for a little while, because Wayne talked down to her but didn't hit her for months after the funeral.

But apparently he didn't believe all was as peachy keen as she was putting on, because he kept pressuring her to make an appointment with a fertility specialist. He wanted to make sure she was all right "down there" because they'd been married for several years and still no kids.

Josie made the appointment but ramped up plans to leave before the blood tests revealed what Wayne didn't know, that she'd been taking birth control. But then two days before the appointment, she came back from the grocery store to find her walk-in closet in total disarray. Clothes strewn about everywhere, every box removed from the shelves above. But the sight that really stopped her heart was her favorite pair of jeans from college lying on the floor-the back pocket of which was where she'd been hiding the birth control pills she snuck into her mouth and dry-swallowed every day.

She'd run then, knowing exactly what would unfold if she stayed in this house even a minute longer. But Wayne, who had been nowhere to be seen when she first entered the house, suddenly appeared at the bottom of the stairs. A steak knife glinting in his hand.

She screamed and turned tail, dashing back up the stairs, but she couldn't get away fast enough. At the top of the stairs she felt his hand around her ankle and then she got the wind knocked out of her when she fell against the steps.

Before she could fully gather herself up, Wayne turned her over and with nothing but stone cold malice in his gleaming eyes, and plunged the knife into her chest.

Josie thought she was dead, she was sure of it. But here's the funny thing about trying to stab someone in the heart. Despite it often being depicted as directly under the left breastbone, in most people it resides slightly left of center in the chest. As it was, Wayne took her breath away when his knife ripped through her left lung, but he didn't, in fact, kill her.

And despite her punctured lung and years of abuse, or perhaps because of it, she saw an opportunity and quickly took it. With a rough grunt of exertion, she lifted her foot, drew it back, and planted it squarely in Wayne's chest.

She'd always remember the expression on his face after she did this, almost comical. His expression suddenly morphed from one of undisguised, maniacal glee to one of shocked disbelief, his eyes bugging out in the moment after she pushed him backwards when he realized what had just happened. He grabbed out frantically, trying to find something, anything to hang on to. But there was nothing to grab, just air, and eventually he fell backwards, toppling heels-over-head down the stairs, until he landed at the bottom, his neck snapping upon impact.

Wayne died that day and Josie lived, but not without consequences. She'd found out later that despite lording his high-earning status over Josie for years, Wayne had been in debt up to his neck and everything, including the house, had to be sold to pay it off. And that was how she ended up back in Alabama in her grandmother's old trailer, reeling from the end of what had started out as a fairytale romance.

"I wish you had called me," Beau said, rubbing her back. "I would have paid for Loretta's apartment, gotten her anything she needed. She raised me."

She swiped at her tears with the back of her hand. "I was so ashamed. I couldn't tell you. I couldn't tell anyone," she whispered to him. "I shouldn't have let him trap me like that. I should've been smarter."

"Ssh, darlin'" he said. "You want know something? I couldn't be prouder of you right now."

She shook her head, confused. "Why?"

"Because you saw you were in a bad situation and you tried to fix it. That's more than a lot of women would have done... men, too. You had me fooled into thinking the old Josie was gone, but you're still in there. Even though I'm blind right now, I can see that girl clearly in you."

She clamped her lips together to keep from bursting into a fresh round of tears. She hadn't realized how much she needed to hear that. That she was still her old self, that Wayne hadn't taken the best parts of her with him to his grave.

"Thank you," she said. She stood on her tiptoes and pressed her lips softly to his.

But he stiffened and dropped his arms from around her.

She nearly wheeled back, she was so embarrassed. "I'm sorry," she said. "I should have guessed after that story I just told you, there was no way you'd still be interested in me like that."

"Josie..."

But Josie couldn't bear to hear him let her down easily. "I'm just going to go... I don't know, clean or something."

She started to leave, but his arm snaked around her waist like a vice.

"Josie," he said again. Then he grabbed her wrist and placed her hand on his crotch.

Josie's mouth fell open. It felt like he had a steel rod hidden underneath his sweatpants.

"I want you," he informed her. "I feel like an ass right now because I want you so bad, even more than before now that I know Sam's a girl and I'm the only one."

"Really?" she said, finding it hard to believe the hard proof under her hand.

His mouth hitched into that half smile of his. "Josie Witherspoon, it would take a lot more than that to make me ever stop wanting you."

"Then why didn't you kiss me back?"

"Because I can't think straight when I'm kissing you, and we need to talk about a few things." He brought her hand up to his face and laid it against his bearded cheek. "Are you still on birth control?"

She nodded.

"I'm going to need a yes or a no out loud," he reminded her with a teasing smile.

"Yes," she said.

"And I'm scrupulous about my condom use. I took an STD test a couple of weeks before my accident. For charity."

She laughed.

"I'm not kidding. L.A. takes HIV awareness very seriously. Last year a bunch of us Suns took the test for World AIDS Day and tweeted the results. You can look it up on the internet if you don't believe me."

"I believe you."

"Good, because Josie, I don't want anything between us anymore. No more secrets." He kissed her. "No more condoms. Nothing but you and me, darlin'."

Josie wasn't sure how it happened, but somehow they ended up in one of the kitchen table's chairs with Beau sitting down and Josie straddling him, bottomless, in nothing but one of her plaid shirts.

No words were exchanged, but they kissed and kissed until her kit kat was aching with desire. She let out a sigh of relief when his thick cock pressed in. Without waiting for a command, she began riding him and soon felt his hands on her buttocks as she bounced up and down on his lap.

"Damn, Josie, so tight, so good," he said.

She arched her back to press more of her pussy into the front of him. And she moaned when he moved his hands under her arms and began physically lifting her up and slamming her back down on his penis as if she weighed nothing.

"This is just the beginning," he growled. "The things I'm going to do to you tonight, Josie."

Unbearable pleasure rippled inside of her vagina, signaling a much larger tidal wave on the horizon. "Oh, God, oh, God," she said. "Mr. Prescott..."

But then he suddenly stopped again and his hands slid down to still her bucking hips. "Call me Beau," he said.

"What?" she panted.

"From now on I want you to call me Beau. Not Mr. Prescott, not Beau Prescott. I want you to call me Beau."

"But you said-"

"I don't care what I said before. Call me Beau." Technically, he was issuing her yet another command, but there was a plaintive note in his voice. Like he was begging her to call him by his given name.

As if to confirm her assessment, he began moving her on top of him again, his pumping action wild and frenzied. "Call me, Beau, darlin'," he said, his voice sandpapered with raw desired. "Call me Beau."

"Beau," she cried out as a volcano of pleasure began to erupt inside of her. "Beau!"

She wrapped her arms tight around his neck and keened, "Oh, God, Beau!"

The orgasm ripped through, hot and pulsing like electric magma, turning her body into a pool of quivering jelly.

But Beau wouldn't stop his assault on her senses. He kept bringing her hips down on his with relentless force until he came, too, with a gruff bark of triumph.

"Josie," he said, with a happy sigh. "Josie."

They held each other. Josie straddled across his lap, Beau's arms wrapped around her like a cocoon, just the two of them, in pure bliss, their baggage dropped, their individual problems on hold. The world stopped spinning and put itself on pause, just for them. And for a moment everything was perfect and pure.

"Josie," he said, sounding happier than she'd ever heard him. "Josie, I-"

The sound of the doorbell popped their perfect little bubble.

And Beau's face fell. "Don't answer it," he said, drawing her closer and kissing her neck.

"I have to answer it," she said. "It's probably Sam. She's forever leaving her purse behind."

She scrambled off his lap and pulled on her jeans, hoping to God she didn't smell too obviously of the mind-blowing sex she'd just had.

"I'll be right back," she said as she left the room.

"What happened to 'Whatever you say, Mr. Prescott'?" he called after her.

"I thought you wanted me to call you Beau now!" she called back, letting the kitchen door swing shut behind her.

She was still giggling when she opened the door...

...and found Colin Fairgood, standing on the doorstep.

CHAPTER 18

COLIN FAIRGOOD WAS STILL TALL, but he was no longer skinny. Long, lean muscle had thickened out his entire body and even his face, which used to be somewhat gaunt, was now more sculpted and defined. It all made for one very arresting picture, especially when you threw in the blue eyes glittering with determination under his white Stetson.

But still she said, "Colin?" just to make sure this perfect specimen was the same guy she used to walk to the comic book store with every Wednesday.

But then he said, "Holy shit, Jo-Jo, it really is you!" before letting loose that same big, old Colin grin and pulling her into his now very strong arms. "I had nearly given up on trying to find you. I can't believe you were here all this time!"

She pulled away from him. "You were trying to find me?"

"Yeah," he said. "I Googled your name last month and found a news story about what that fucker you call an ex-husband tried to do to you. I flew straight out to Atlanta to find you, but by that time it was too late. You'd already moved and nobody could tell me where you went."

"Are you serious?" She really couldn't imagine a blond country star at Colin's level wandering around her old suburb, asking her mostly black neighbors if they knew where she'd gone.

"Dead serious," he answered. "And you wouldn't have believed my face when I called my mama up this morning and she mentioned Mindy had seen you in the grocery store, and that you were working for Beau Prescott now. I didn't think it could be true."

She cringed inwardly. If he was this incredulous about her being Beau's maid, how would he react if he found out what else she was getting paid to do for Beau? "Well, I'm really happy to see you," she said. "I can't believe you came all this way."

His eyes ran over her. "Are you okay?" he asked, cupping his hands around her shoulders.

"I'm fine," she said. "And I'm sorry I got you worried."

"Don't apologize to me," he said angrily. "I'm so mad at myself for letting you fall out of touch like that. And over a stupid wedding invitation. Played right into that fucker's hands. And now you're working for Beau, which means you must be really hard up for money."

"It's really not that bad," she started.

But he shook his head. "Don't try to sugar coat it for me, Jo-Jo. I know you'd rather crawl over broken glass than work for Beau Prescott. Why didn't you call me? If it was money you needed, I would have bailed you out."

She opened her mouth to answer, but he smacked himself on the forehead. "What am I saying? Of course you couldn't call me. You didn't have my number." He took her by the hand. "But that's okay, I'm here now, and I've got my limo outside. Let's go."

He started to lead her out the door, but she dug her heels into the ground. "Colin, I can't just leave."

"Why not?"

She shook her head at him. "Because I work here."

"Tell Beau to find another housekeeper."

"I can't just-" She stopped and lowered her voice. "I'm not supposed to be telling anybody this, because I signed a confidentiality agreement, but Beau's blind and he's not taking his rehabilitation seriously. So he doesn't just need me to cook and clean, he need needs me."

Colin squinted at her as if she had gone crazy. "This is Beau we're talking about, right? Beau Prescott? Made both of our lives miserable in high school? The one you swore you'd never talk to again after he announced in front of the whole school that he'd tricked you into getting with him-"

She held up her hand to stop the barrage of unkind Beau Prescott statistics. "I know, Col, but he's still a human being, a blind human being now."

Colin scanned the foyer, his eyes suspicious. "So he has you at his beck and call every day. Doesn't even give you any time off?"

"I get time off," she said, wondering how she had suddenly been put in the weird position of defending Beau Prescott against her oldest friend.

"When?" he asked, obviously not believing her.

"I get Friday and Saturday nights off," she said, realizing only now how stingy that must sound to someone who didn't know about the real deal she and Beau had struck.

Colin's mouth twisted into a sardonic frown. "You're right, Jo-Jo. The man's a real saint. He gives you two whole nights off a week." He reached into the back pocket of his jeans and pulled out a small business card, handing it to her. "How about meeting me after you get off tonight then. I'm staying at the Birmingham Grand. We could grab a drink and a bite to eat at their bar."

She glanced down at the heavily embossed card from Birmingham's most expensive hotel. "The Grand, really? Wow." She grinned up at him. "You and your fiddle have come a long way."

He grinned back. "Whoever thought I'd get this far, right?"

Now her smile turned softer. "I did. I always knew you had it in you to do amazing things."

But what was meant as a hearty congratulations on her part became something much more dramatic when he took her hand and clasped it like a prayer in between his. "Then let me help you," he said. "I know you've had a tough time of it since we last saw each other, but you're better than working for Beau Prescott."

"Josie," Beau suddenly yelled out from the kitchen. "What's taking you so long?"

Colin looked over her shoulder toward the kitchen door. "That him?" he asked. Then before she could answer. "I think I'm going to go reintroduce myself."

But she shook her head frantically and stopped him from coming inside the house with two hands on his chest. "No, Colin. Not like this. I'm so happy to see you again, but I have to get back to work, so I need you to go now. Please."

He shook his head. "But this conversation ain't over."

She was now full on straining to keep Colin from moving forward. Man, he was a lot stronger than the skinny kid she'd grown up with. "I'll meet you later on, I promise. But now isn't the time or the place."

Colin immediately stepped back as if he'd merely been waiting for her to promise to come see him. "Fine. I'll see you tonight. But if I don't hear from you by eight, don't think I'm not coming back here. I worked too hard to find you." He took her hand in his and kissed the back of her fingers. "And we have a lot to talk about."

"Josie!" Beau called again, before she could answer.

She took her hand back from Colin. "See you tonight," she said, before closing the door in his face.

She would never say she was glad Beau was blind, but she was happy she didn't have to try to hide how nonplussed she was by Colin's sudden reappearance, because she didn't think she would have been able to if she tried.

It had transitioned from dusk to night while she'd been going back and forth with Colin at the door, but Beau was now standing by the kitchen table, his ever-present sunglasses covering his eyes.

"What took you so long?" he asked.

And she stood there, trying to decide how much to tell him.

CHAPTER 19

SHE SHOULDN'T HAVE TOLD HIM ANYTHING, she thought to herself less than an hour later. She had tried to play off Colin's coming by the house as a fun coincidence, keeping her voice light when she told him he was in town and decided to look her up.

But Beau had crooked his head to the side and asked, "Is he in town for a concert?"

"I'm not sure," she answered, though she suspected he wasn't. "I would think that would be the most likely case."

"Yeah, you were always a little naive where Fairgood was concerned," he said.

"The main point is he asked me to catch up over dinner later on. He's staying at the Birmingham Grand."

Beau went still. "He asked you to meet him at his hotel?"

"Not in his room or anything. In the bar. We're just grabbing something to eat."

Beau gave her a humorless smile. "That sounds fine to me."

"Really?" she said, trying to keep the surprise out of her voice. It wasn't like Beau to acquiesce this easily.

"Sure," he answered. "I'm looking forward to catching up with Fairgood. In fact, we can go now if you want to. Just give me a few minutes to get changed."

Josie's face fell, but she hadn't been able to come up with a response that would get her out of the house and keep him from coming with her. And that was how she ended up at a table for three in the Birmingham Grand's main bar and restaurant with Beau, waiting for one of the biggest country stars in America to meet them.

To Colin's credit, he played it cool when he'd come downstairs to find Beau playing third wheel. He only paused for a second before dropping into the half-circle booth beside her.

"Hey, Josie," he said. "See you decided to bring a guest along with you." His eyes then landed on Beau. "Sorry to hear about your accident, man. Saw the replay on SportsCenter. That take down was brutal. And losing your sight on top of that. I don't even know how you're managing right now."

Something ticked in Beau's jaw but he kept his voice calm and casual when he responded, "I'm managing just fine, thanks."

Colin lazily signaled a waiter for three beers. "ESPN must have called it wrong then," he said. "They had a doctor on there saying your career was over and your eyesight wasn't ever coming back."

Another dangerous pause before Beau said, "Wouldn't be the first time they got something wrong."

And Josie threw Colin a look that clearly conveyed, Stop it. Stop it now!

But Colin either didn't see her censorious look or was determined to get into it with Beau, because he said. "I mean, yeah they've gotten a few things wrong. Like when they called the Suns to go beyond the playoffs last year, but I ain't never seen them say a player's career was finished when it wasn't."

Before Beau could answer, Josie jumped in. "Well, Mr. Prescott's doing better than expected under the circumstances. Can we change the subject now?"

But Colin lifted his eyebrows at her. "Mr. Prescott, is it?"

Beau frowned in her direction. "I told you to call me by my first name," he said to Josie.

Colin leaned forward then, with more viciousness than she remembered his eyes containing. "Thing is, she shouldn't be calling you anything. I don't know how you convinced her to come back to Alabama and play nursemaid for you, but I can clearly see you're taking advantage of her."

"He's not," Josie said. "I came back to Alabama on my own to live in my grandma's old trailer because I didn't have anywhere else to stay. And I got lucky, because I needed a job and Beau's mama needed somebody to help Beau out."

Colin's eyes stayed on Beau. "So you got your mama to do your dirty work?"

"No," Josie said. "He had no idea she hired me. In fact he was mad when he found out she did."

"Really, Jo-Jo? Because Beau don't seem all that broken up about it," Colin said.

"That's because Jo-Jo and I came to a mutually satisfactory understanding."

"A mutually satisfactory understanding," Colin repeated, his eyes narrowing.

"Yep." Beau drew the word out, letting all sorts of innuendo creep into it.

Colin cut his eyes at Josie. "What kind of understanding?"

"As much as I love talking about my job during my non-working hours, I'd really like to change the subject now," she said.

"Alright," Beau said. "Let's talk about Fairgood. What made you come down from Nashville? I assume you're in town for one of your little concerts."

Her eyes flew to Colin to see if he was offended. But he stayed cool and collected, at least on the outside.

"Nah, this visit is all about pleasure, Prescott. But next month I've got one of my sold-out concerts scheduled at Suns Stadium in Los Angeles. Hey, ain't that where you used to play?"

Josie's mouth fell open and she was about to chastise Colin for going there, but Beau just smirked and said, "Someone big is letting you open up for them? Good for you, Fairgood." Then before Colin could correct him, he slid out of the booth and stood up. "Josie, I need to take care of some business in the men's room. Do you mind taking me?"

Josie was so stunned he actually asked her for help that it took her a second to respond. "Oh, of course. No problem," she said.

She took his arm and led him just around the corner to the bar's single-person bathroom. "Do you want me to go in with you?" she asked. "Show you where the toilet is?"

Beau palmed the wall carefully, as if to make to sure there was one there. "No, we can stay out here."

"What do mean 'we'?"

Her back hit the wall and the next thing she knew, Beau was kissing her with a ferocity that both excited and scared her.

"Beau, we can't," she said, looking sideways. They were mostly hidden behind the brick wall separating the bathrooms from the main dining and bar area. But if anyone walked around the corner... "Not here."

She tried to wriggle away, but he caught her hands and pinned them to the wall on either side of her. "The deal was any time, any place I wanted you," he reminded her, his voice husky in her ear. "And I want you. Right now. Right here."

She was about to remind him it was her night off, when he pressed his pelvis into the triangle between her legs. It felt so good, she almost forgot where she was for a minute, especially when he let go of one of her hands and slipped two of his fingers into the waist band of her leggings and massaged her clit.

"Beau..." she half-protested, half-moaned.

"Ssshh, darlin'," he said. "I'm going to make you come so hard. Just let it happen."

He moved his fingers further down and suddenly they were invading her tunnel and filling her in a way that was both delicious and terrifying because of where they were.

She tried to do the right thing. "Beau we can't. We shouldn't," she said.

But this only made him press his large body into hers, effectively pinning her against the wall. "Just let it happen," he said again.

He pressed the ball of his hand into her womanhood and her clit vibrated with pleasure, causing her formerly protesting body to go limp. She let her head fall against his shoulder, helpless against his sensual attack.

"Beau," she moaned, a little too loudly.

"Yes, that's it, darlin'." He let go of her hands and bent down to kiss her. "Let that bastard know you belong to me," he said between kisses.

It took a few moments for his words to sink through her sensual fog, but when they did, she went stiff. "Wait, this is about Colin?"

Instead of answering, he leaned forward and tried to capture her mouth again, but she twisted her face away. "Stop," she said, tugging on the hand inside her pants. "Just stop!"

BEAU HAD FUCKED UP. He knew that without a doubt as soon as she asked if this was about Fairgood.

But he pressed on, caressing her warm mound in his hand. She had been right on the edge. Maybe he could get her back there. "It's okay," he whispered.

"No, it's not okay. I said no. Stop!"

He stopped, raising both hands and taking a step back. "Okay, I'm stopping," he said.

Her hands hit his chest then, shoving him a few steps backwards. "Seriously? Seriously!?" she asked. "You were just using me to get back at Colin? Again???"

Beau shook his head. "No, it wasn't about revenge."

"Then what was it about?" Although he couldn't see her, he felt pretty sure she was glaring at him with her hands crossed firmly in front of her chest.

"Respect," he answered. "That skinny fucker thinks he can come in here and take whatever belongs to me. Just like in high school."

"I don't belong to you," she was almost yelling now. "We're not in high school anymore, and you can't just fuck me in public to prove a point."

"Why not?" he asked, frustration and anger coursing through his blood. "The deal was for any time, any place-oh wait, I forgot, it's your night off. My bad."

It was below the belt. He knew it was below the belt, but he couldn't keep himself from saying it. It was better than the truth: that he was afraid. Afraid Colin Fairgood, the country music star who still had his sight and fame, was here for one reason and one reason only: to steal Josie away from him. And he had been pathetically attempting to mark her as his in the most ancient of ways.

Josie's voice was soft and fierce when she answered him. "Beau, I've put up with a lot from you, mostly because I thought if I tried hard enough I could help you to change, that the good in you would win out over the bad. But I can't put up with you anymore. You've have got to apologize."

And even though he couldn't see, he felt his eyes reflexively narrow. "What?"

"You heard me. Apologize for what you just said, for talking to me like that. Right now."

"Josie..."

"And don't you tell me Prescotts don't apologize again. You don't get to talk like that to me. Not anymore. Apologize right now."

"The deal was-"

"I know what the deal was, and I'm telling you it's off if you don't apologize like a decent human being."

"Apologize for what?" he yelled at her. "For using you the way you agreed to be used. Then pointing out that was the agreement?"

Her voice had a thread of iron going through it when she said, "Humiliating me was not part of the agreement."

"That's bullshit. Humiliating you was the cornerstone of the agreement, and suddenly you're choosing now to get upset. Not when you made the agreement in the first place. Not last night when I showed up in your room. Now you decide to grow a backbone? Hmm, I wonder what changed." He pretended to think about it. "Oh, yeah, I know. Another rich guy came along. One who still has his eyesight."

"No, Beau. This isn't about Colin. It's about you. You treating me like crap, just so you can feel better about yourself."

"What's that supposed to mean?"

For the first time since the argument had started, it sounded like she was hesitating, but she eventually answered. "It means you're pissed off that you can't see anymore, that you probably won't ever be able to see again, and you're taking it out on me when really, you should be working on accepting that you're football career is over and learning to live without your sight."

Her voice was soft as she said this. It reminded him of how Loretta used to talk him down from temper tantrums. When he was a child.

"Have you already asked Fairgood to pay you for sleeping with him, or are you just assuming he's going to offer?" he asked, fury vibrating through his entire body.

He actually heard her sharp intake of breath after he said that. But after a long silence she said, "I remember when we were teenagers, back when we were still friends, before all the bullshit. You said your number one fear was turning into your father. Well, I'm sorry to say, that's exactly who I see when I look at you right now, somebody who cares more about getting his way than all the folks he's stepping on to get it. He never knew anything about the help, and you know what, even after what we went through this afternoon, neither do you."

He knew more about her than she thought. He knew he loved her more than any other woman on the face of the earth. He knew she was stronger than she thought. But most of all, he knew, "If I had my sight, you'd pick me." It felt like he was choking on the words as they fell out of his mouth.

"No, I wouldn't," she yelled back. "Because I was right about you in high school. You're still a rich asshole and you still don't deserve me. I quit, Mr. Prescott," she said. "I quit this job and I quit you."

"What's going on here?" someone said to the right of them.

Beau bared his teeth. "Walk away, Fairgood."

"Is he bothering you, Josie?" Colin asked, ignoring him. "Because if he is-"

That was a mistake. Beau made a quick calculation, before treating Colin to an uppercut. He'd been aiming for his jaw, but was just as satisfied, when his fist landed in the singer's solar plexus. And even more so when Colin let out a thick, "Oooomphh!" and Beau felt him hunch over, setting himself up for one of Beau's knees straight to the face.

"Colin!" Josie screamed behind Beau. He heard her quick steps as she pushed past him, to tend to Colin, who was probably laid out on the floor. Proving once and for all where her loyalty lied.

"Now you can quit," he said.

CHAPTER 20

"I CAN'T BELIEVE HE DID THIS TO YOU," Josie said, dabbing at the blood still issuing from Colin's nose with the hotel suite's tissue. They were now in his room at the top of the luxury hotel, tending to his wounds in an over-the-top room tricked out with an actual baby grand, heavy brocaded curtains, and beautiful white couches, which Josie was trying hard to keep free of Colin's blood.

"Yeah, for a blind man you claimed wasn't serious about rehabilitation, he managed to pack an impressive punch. And a knee."

Josie studied his nose from a couple of different angles and plugged up his nostrils with two wads of tissue. "Can you breathe okay?"

"No," he answered. "But that's probably because you stuffed my nose with Kleenex." His voice was muffled, but at least he wasn't wheezing and she couldn't here any telltale whistling sounds coming from his nostrils, which she knew, from working at the shelter, were signs you should watch out for.

"I don't think it's broken," she told him. "But you probably want to get it checked out just in case. It's hard to tell just by looking at it. And I'd hate for it to affect your singing voice."

He shrugged. "Don't worry about my voice, Jo-Jo. I'm what they call a personality singer. I can play the fiddle and write like nobody's business, but my range ain't all that great. Just about anybody could sing my songs better than I do. That's why they're so big on the karaoke circuit."

She chuckled. "I like your voice. You might not have range, but your singing has character. I can hear you in every song."

His blue eyes twinkled. "You been listenin' to my albums, Jo-Jo?"

"Of course," she said.

"If I'm remembering right, you never were much of a country fan."

"I'm not," she admitted. "But I made an exception for you because you were my friend."

His eyes searched her face. "We're not friends anymore?"

"No, we are," she quickly assured him. "I'm just really sorry Beau punched you. And then kneed you. I mean, your face, it's so pretty now."

Colin waved his hands in the air. "But my fiddling hands remain intact," he proclaimed. He flexed his biceps. "And this time it was more like Colossus versus the Green Arrow. So progress."

Josie laughed. "You're mixing up universes. DC and Marvel wouldn't be happy."

Colin shrugged. "Hey I got sucker punched and sucker kneed tonight. Cut this nerd some slack!"

Josie tilted her head to the side. "So all those hit records and this Captain America body and you still consider yourself a nerd?" she teased.

Colin's smile dimmed. "Josie, I know what this looks like, the big career, the sold out stadiums."

"The new body," she added.

"The new body."

"The big old honkin' house you bought your mama."

"The big old honkin' house I bought my mama," he repeated with a roll of his eyes.

"The high school girlfriends still pining after you. You know Mindy's just dying for you to come by and see about her."

Colin chuckled and nodded good-naturedly. "Okay, okay, I get it. It looks like I have everything now and I'm completely different." His face grew serious then. "But Colin Fairgood, the skinny nerd you went in with on comic books every Wednesday because we couldn't afford to buy them on our own, is still in here."

"You're still in there."

Beau's words from earlier suddenly echoed in her mind and brought tears to her eyes.

"What's wrong?" Colin asked.

Josie shook her head and pasted a smile on her face. "Nothing," she answered quickly. Then before he could ask any more questions, she pulled another Kleenex out of the marble tissue box and used it to extract the tissue plugs she'd made for his nose. "Looks like the bleeding's stopped. That's a good sign. But like I said, you should have a doctor look at it."

"I got a diagnostic test I could run right now," he said. "I mean if it was really broken, it would probably hurt like hell when I did this, right?"

Then he leaned forward and kissed her, not in the tentative way of the kid he'd been in high school, but in the sure way of the man he'd become since then.

BEAU WAS JUST ABOUT TO THROW BACK yet another shot of bourbon when a heavy hand landed on his shoulder. "Hey man, it's me, Mac."

He cursed. "Tell me Josie didn't call you."

"She didn't call me, she texted me," Mac answered. "Said I should come get you. I'm guessing she finally up and quit."

Beau threw back the shot. "Yep. Somebody better came along. Colin-fucking-Fairgood. Can you believe that?"

"You mean that country singer, the one who did that one song with Roxxy Roxx? You serious, man?"

"Yeah, the country singer. He's been after Josie since high school, and as soon as he found out she was free, he swooped in and took her from me."

"That's what she said?" Mac asked. "That she was quitting because she wanted to get with Colin Fairgood?"

"No, she said she didn't like the way I was treating her. Said I deserve her. But that was bullshit. She split on me as soon as he showed up. Fucking Fairgood." He tapped his empty shot glass on the bar and called out. "Bartender, I'm gonna need another one over here."

"How much you had to drink, man?" Mac asked.

"I don't know," he answered. "A few shots. Ten. Maybe twenty."

"Which one was it? Ten or twenty?" Mac sounded alarmed.

"You know he stole another one of my girlfriends back in high school."

"What?"

"Fairgood. I should've punched him back then. Back when I could still see." An idea suddenly occurred to him and he grabbed on to Mac's arm. "You know what? Let's go up to his room and beat the shit out of him. Together."

"Uh, I don't think so."

"C'mon, Mac, for old times sake. Football player to football player. We can't let the nerds win."

"Sorry, man, my fighting days are over." Mac tugged on his shoulders. "Let's see if you can make it out to my car."

Beau knocked Mac's hands away. "Didn't I fire you?"

"Yeah, but I'm doing this as a favor for Josie. A real big favor," the older man muttered under his breath before trying to help him out of his seat again.

But Beau shook him off. "I don't need your help anyway, " he said, standing up by himself. "I'll find Fairgood. Finish this fight and get a cab to take me home."

And he would have, too, if the bourbon hadn't caught up with him two steps into his mission. He staggered, felt his eyelids droop, and that was the last thing he remembered before waking up with a headache-one so powerful, he would have described it as blinding if he weren't already blind.

"The hell..." he muttered, sitting up on his elbows.

Despite the lack of visual information, he immediately recognized that he was someplace different. The room just didn't smell like his did. He groped around and his hands made contact with a smooth, satiny material. Also, this bedcover wasn't the ridged one Josie had gotten for their bed.

Their bed. When had he started thinking of it as their bed, and where was Josie-

Memories from last night flooded over him, intensifying the headache. He sat up fully then, grabbing his head on both sides.

"Mr. Prescott? You all right?"

It was Mac.

"Mr. Prescott was my father, and I'm nothing like him," Beau answered, thinking of Josie's words to him last night. He then pushed through the headache and asked, "Where's Josie? I've got to talk to her."

"I don't know, sir. She didn't answer her phone when I tried calling her after you passed out-"

"I passed out?"

"Yeah, you're in a hotel room right now. The manager said your family was old friends of the owner."

Beau nodded. It had been so long since he'd been out and about in Birmingham, he'd almost forgotten how many connections the Prescotts had.

He swung his feet over the side of the bed, ignoring the resulting hammer pounding inside his head, and flung himself out of the bed.

"Mr. Prescott, what are you doing?"

"I told you not to call me 'Mr. Prescott.'" He had to find Josie. He had to-

He tripped over something bulky and unyielding. Then he cursed a blue streak when he landed, legs and arms akimbo on the floor. "What the fuck?" he yelled. "What the hell was that?"

"I think they're called ottomans."

"What's it doing there in the middle of the room?"

"That's where most folks keep ottomans, in the middle of the room."

"Not at my house."

"No, but that's because, Josie..." Mac suddenly trailed off, as if saying Josie's name out loud was verboten.

But Beau sat up and said. "Josie, what?"

"She told me not to tell you."

"And you're going to stick to that promise, because Josie was the one paying your salary? Oh, wait a minute. She wasn't."

Still, Mac sounded all kinds of hesitant when he said, "She did a few things over the last week to make you more comfortable at the house is all."

"A few things like what?"

"You know, just a few things: pushed all the furniture up against the walls, replaced some of the bigger pieces with smaller ones so you wouldn't stub your toes; put down carpet runners so it'd be easier for you get from place to place; put different air fresheners in different rooms, so you'd be able to smell which room was which; had all the hardwood floors carpeted when we were at our appointment in Birmingham; placed a white noise machine in your bathroom, so you'd instinctively know which way to go when you had to-well go; and put decorative gripping down in the tub, so you wouldn't slip."

Beau sat there frozen, his mouth hanging open.

Then Mac snapped his fingers. "Oh, and she also put magnet closures on all the drawers and cabinets, so you'd never walk into them. I think that's all."

"You still don't deserve me," he heard Josie say again.

And that's when it hit him. Really hit him. Losing Josie to Colin Fairgood wasn't bad. It was worse than that. In fact, it was the worst thing that had ever happened to him. Even worse than his blindness. Because Josie was the best thing that had ever happened to him. And all he had ever been was an ass to her, and now she was gone.

"Mac you're married to somebody blind, right? All this stuff Josie did for me... did you do the same for your wife?"

"Truth be told, Josie gave me a few ideas," Mac admitted.

"She wouldn't have done all that if she didn't care about me, would she?"

"No, sir, I don't think she would have."

"And I drove her away."

Beau fell back on the floor.

"Sir, are you all right?" Mac asked above him.

"No," Beau answered, his voice terse. A clear and bright image of Josie crying in his arms the day before came back to him. How could he have let himself get out of control like that? How could he have pulled all that shit last night? How could he have been so blind in every sense of the word?

Josie had been right. About him. About everything. He didn't blame her for going off with Fairgood, because he'd made one thing more than clear last night. He still didn't come anywhere close to deserving her.

He set his jaw. "Mac," he said. "I'll take that help up now."

Mac must have been standing above him the whole time, because he grabbed his arm and helped him stand up. And by the time he made it to his feet, the pounding headache was gone, almost as if it had been waiting for him to come to his senses before it let up.

"Tell me this," he said to Mac. "If I wanted to figure out how to get rid of you, how would I go about doing that?"

"Are you asking how to fire me again, sir?" Mac asked.

"No, I'm asking how to make it so I don't need you to get stuff done anymore."

Mac still sounded confused when he answered. "Well, a lot of blind people live on their own. Hell, my wife could probably do it without me if she really wanted to, but that would mean you'd actually have to go about learning all that stuff you said you didn't want to learn." Something finally seemed to click for Mac and he said, "Wait up, are you saying you want me to teach you how to get around by yourself? Like a real blind person?"

Beau rubbed the back of his neck, feeling more than sheepish that he'd refused to put himself in that category when they'd first met. But he manned up and answered, "Yeah. Yeah, that's exactly what I'm saying."

CHAPTER 21

Six months later

"YOU SURE ABOUT THIS MAN?" Mac asked when they pulled up to the Birmingham Grand six months later.

"More sure than I've ever been of anything in my life?" Beau answered.

Mac shook his head. Beau knew this because he could hear the sound of the man's beard rubbing against his shirt. "Just the last time you were in this place, I ended up having to peel you off the bar floor."

Beau stroked his chin, which he'd shaved this morning all by himself. It wasn't the first time he'd done so, but it was the first time he'd gotten the job done without nicking himself or Mac having to wipe up any blood afterwards, so he'd been humming the Rocky theme rather triumphantly in his head all morning.

"I'll be all right," he told Mac.

He put his hand on the door handle and prepared to exit the car, but Mac said, "I could come with you." He sounded less like the man who had been brutally training him to navigate in the real world and more like a fretful parent.

"I promise, I won't pass out this time."

"Yeah, but..."

He carefully turned his face toward Mac's voice. "Mac, you've been training me for this moment for months now. Either you think I can do it or you don't."

The sound of Mac's beard rubbing against his shirt came again, but eventually he said. "Okay, but don't punch anybody out this time."

He couldn't quite promise that, so instead he opened the car door and boldly stepped out into the Alabama sunshine. It was early on in the summer, not to hot, not to cold. A perfect day. Maybe that was a good sign.

"Can I help you?" he heard a doorman say in the distance.

But waved him off. "I'm fine," he said. Then he made sure his Bluetooth earpiece was secure before pulling out a device about the size of a pocket flashlight and running his thumb over a few braille buttons until he came to the one marked "on." Pushing the button activated a green laser beam that turned the device into the high-tech version of a traditional white cane. It delivered information about possible barriers and distances back to him through his Bluetooth device. He could also use the camera inside the main body of the device to do practical things, like scan barcodes, count money, and even "read" back words on packaging, books, or just about anything else.

According to the entrepreneur who'd met with him to pitch the "eye saber," this device was at the cutting-edge of low-vision technology and it would revolutionize the way the blind got around.

But Mac, who'd accompanied him to the meeting, had been more concerned with how cool it looked. "It's like a light saber!" he said with such awe in his voice that Beau could easily imagine the little Stars Wars fan boy lurking inside of the older man.

A memory of all the times he and Josie had watched the original Star Wars trilogy together when they were kids came back to him, and that was all it took for him to agree to make a sizeable investment in the entrepreneur's start-up.

And now the "eye saber" was leading him back to Josie. The soft, computer voice spoke gently in his ear: "Check-in desk, approximately ten steps to your right."

He followed the instructions, "checked in," and eventually navigated himself inside an elevator with a penthouse key card in hand. His fingers found the braille "P" next to the button that would ferry him up to the floor where the penthouse suites were located. But it had taken a little more groping than usual to work out that he had to insert the key card the hotel had given him and keep it in there while pressing the "P" button, in order for the command to go through.

Sooner than expected, he heard the elevator doors swish open and the eye saber was telling him his real destination, the one he'd used his family connection with the hotel to finagle, was only twenty steps away.

A few seconds later, he was finally there, standing outside the door to Colin Fairgood's room.

But when he knocked on the door, he found it propped open, as if the occupants had been awaiting his arrival.

"Come on in," Colin's voice called from further inside the room. "We're back here." They must have been expecting somebody.

He turned off the cane. Not because he couldn't have used it to navigate his way into the room, but because he didn't want its automated voice in his ear when he spoke to Josie for the first time in six months.

Luckily there weren't any obstacles in his way, and he stopped when he felt the sunlight on his face from the windows he knew from experience sat just beyond the sunken den seating area. He also easily guessed when it was time to stop walking, because Colin said, "You have got some fucking nerve coming here."

The faint smell of perfume hit him immediately. Expensive and sophisticated, very much the kind of scent a man would buy for his girlfriend.

Doing his best to resist the urge to punch Fairgood all over again, he turned toward the smell of perfume and said, "Josie, I know you don't want to see me. But I had to see you."

"And that's who it's all about, isn't it? You!" Colin's voice was full of venom. "All these years and it's still about what you need from Josie."

Beau tightened his hand into a fist, but then he said the last thing Josie probably expected to hear from him. "He's right, Josie. I've been bullheaded and selfish and just about everything else. The truth is, you were right, I don't deserve you. I've never been half the man Colin was when it comes to you, and that's the reason I went crazy when he came looking for you. Because if it was a battle of who deserved you more, then I knew it was him no contest."

"Finally something out of your mouth I can agree with," Colin spat back.

"But when it comes to who loves you more, that's also no contest, darlin'. It's me. You two met when you were twelve, but I can't even remember a time when I didn't love you. First like a sister, then as something else. Everything good I've ever done has been because of you: Football, learning to get around blind... I just started a charity to teach blind kids sports here in Alabama, because you taught me how to stop feeling sorry for myself and use what happened to me to do good. Colin wants you. But I know for a fact he doesn't love like I do. Not with his whole body, his whole..." He stopped and started back up again, "Josie, I should have told you this the night you left-I love you with my whole soul. You have no idea how much I love you, how much I've always loved you. But..."

He brought a velvet box out of his pocket and bent down on one knee. "But if you agree to be my wife, I will spend the rest of my life treating you like you deserve to be treated. I'll make it all up to you, darlin', just say yes."

Complete and utter silence greeted his impassioned plea turned proposal.

"...please," he added, hoping that might help.

"Oh, my God. That's the sweetest thing I ever heard," said a voice, soft and sweet with a hint of what he recognized as an Alabaman born-and-raised black accent.

He straightened. This definitely wasn't Josie. "Who are you?" he asked, coming to his feet.

"A damn fool for staying quiet as long as I did, that's who," she answered.

And though he couldn't see her, he got the feeling she was throwing a scathing look at Fairgood as she said this. One that was confirmed when she said, "I would've spoke up sooner, but Colin here motioned for me to stay quiet."

Now Beau threw a scowl of his own in the direction of Colin's voice. "Where is she?"

"None of your damn business," Colin immediately shot back.

Beau was torn between wanting to pound Fairgood into the ground and the desperate need to know, "Did you already marry her?"

"No," Fairgood answered. "Not yet."

Beau smiled. "See what I mean. If I'd been you, I would have sealed the deal by now."

"You know what? Fuck you, Prescott."

But nothing could wipe the smile off of Beau's face at this point. "You tried. You tried your damnedest, coming back to Alabama with your big music career and your platinum albums, and she still said no."

"What she said," Colin corrected, "was she wasn't ready to be in a relationship."

"With you," Beau said.

"Because of what you did to her!" Fairgood all but hissed back.

"Let me talk to her." Beau turned his head from left to right, straining to hear if she was anywhere in the suite, then when he didn't hear her, he said, "If you were any kind of man, you'd let me talk to her-"

"She's not here," the sweet voice assured him.

"Shut up," Colin said, his voice low and dangerous. "Shut up right now. This ain't none of your business."

"No, but it's not necessarily any of yours either. And I'm not going to let you torture this guy just because he tried to beat you up once in high school after you stole his girlfriend."

Beau frowned. This woman knew about that? How? And why did her voice sound so familiar, like a distant memory on the tip of his tongue? But before he could ask, she said, "She came by for the show yesterday, and he's scheduled to meet her for brunch today. Colin was going to use me to make her jealous, but from what I'm putting together, that plan wouldn't have worked out so well."

"If you tell him, all those hopes and dreams of yours? Well, I'm going to make sure they never happen," Colin said between what sounded like clenched teeth.

Beau crooked his head to the side. Apparently, Josie wasn't the only one who'd undergone some changes since high school. Back then Colin had been easy-going and slightly goofy, but now it sounded like fame had turned him into a major dick. Not only was he trying to keep Beau from Josie, but he was obviously trying to manipulate this woman into making sure his plan was a success.

"Don't listen to him," Beau said, his voice strong and determined. "As someone who pinned all his hopes and dreams on getting his sight back, I'm here to tell you, none of that stuff truly matters in the end. I can live without my sight or football, but I am nothing without Josie. She is the love of my life. So please tell me how to find her." Then just in case his impassioned plea wasn't enough, he added. "Plus, whatever Fairgood is paying you, I will double it."

"You can't pay her what she'd be giving up if she says one more word," Colin shot back. Then to the mystery woman, he said, "One more word and your career is over, I swear to God."

He could feel the woman hesitating. "Please," Beau said again.

Then he waited to see whose side she picked.

CHAPTER 22

"THANKS FOR THE RIDE, SAM," Josie told her friend when they pulled up outside the Birmingham Grand.

"No problem, but you need to get a new car already. It's always breaking down on you, and you know that's not safe."

"With what money?" Josie asked with a grin.

The money Beau had paid her for the one week they'd spent together before she quit had been well spent. It'd been enough to keep Ruth's House open and allow her enough credits to complete her degree at UAB. But even living as frugally as she had for the last six months, there wasn't enough left over to replace her junker car.

"I don't know. Maybe you could ask Mr. Moneybags Country Singer in there?" Sam suggested. "You didn't seem to have any problem hitting him up for that big donation last night."

"That's different. The money Beau Prescott donated will only take us so far, and we've got to keep hustling."

Sam grinned. "And that's why I can't wait until you're done with your summer classes and can come work at the shelter full time."

"Me either," Josie said, meaning it. She welcomed the idea of getting money from legitimate sources, ones she didn't have to almost lie about. Sam knew that the money to keep Ruth's House open came from Beau. But she had no idea what Josie had done to get it. "But right now I am so late, girl. I've got to go."

"Yeah, uh-huh. Don't think this car topic won't come up later," Sam told her.

Josie rushed out of the car and into the hotel lobby-and promptly stopped in her tracks.

Walking out of the elevator bank was Beau Prescott. But not the angry Beau Prescott she'd left to wallow in his own misery six months ago.

This Beau looked so good it took her breath away. She literally didn't breathe as he walked toward her with confidence and what looked like a light saber leading the way. He'd gotten rid of his long, messy hair and the rough beard. This Beau was clean-shaven and dressed in a summer blazer and white pants that looked like they had been tailored specifically for him.

And this Beau, she noticed, also had a gorgeous black woman beside him, one with creamy light brown skin and a head of read curls that framed her heart-shaped face beautifully. They stopped a few feet outside the elevator, and Beau leaned down to hug her.

Something inside Josie curdled, watching him hug up on another woman. Not only had Beau learned to navigate his blindness, but it also looked like he had moved on to someone new. And though she tried to be happy for him, she just couldn't manage it.

This was the man, whose memory had kept her up at night for six months. She still had trouble doing the reading homework for her assignments, because whenever she got bored, her mind would drift to thoughts of him, his hands on her body, his commands for her to tell him what he was doing to her even as he was doing them.

Beau let the gorgeous woman out of the hug and started walking toward Josie again. And she scrambled out of his pathway, hiding behind a ficus to watch as he walked by. She couldn't take her eyes off of him, but she couldn't bring herself to actually talk to him either.

But then right as he was about to pass by, he sniffed the air and turned toward her. "Josie?"

"H-how did you know it was me?" she asked in surprise, stepping out from behind the ficus.

"Your scent," he answered with a sheepish smile. "Sandalwood. That's pretty distinctive in a place like this."

Josie looked around the lobby at the other hotel patrons, most of whom were white now that the other black women had left. "I guess so. Well, it's good to see you looking so well, Beau. I mean, you look great. Really good." Then she made herself stop talking because she was just embarrassing herself now.

Her eyes went to his cane. "Is that one of those ultrasonic canes?" she asked. "I thought they were only in the prototype stage. At least that's what I read when I was..." she trailed off, as a fresh wave of embarrassment made her face go hot. "...working for you."

But instead of following her down the path of small talk, he said, "Josie, I don't want to talk with you about my cane."

And just when she thought the situation couldn't get any more embarrassing. "Oh, sorry. I'll just let you get on your way. Nice seeing you again," she said. She stepped away from him then, but her somewhat dignified exit was cut short when she tripped over the ficus she'd forgotten was behind her.

To her surprise, he caught her before she could stumble more than a few steps. "You okay?" he asked, pulling her up to his chest.

"I'm fine," she answered. "Thanks. I'll just be getting on my way. I'm already..." She started to extract herself from their unexpected embrace, but he held her there, his arms as strong as a pair of steel bands around her. "...late."

He smiled. "It feels like you've gained a little more weight. I like it."

Josie looked around. A few patrons had stopped to stare. But Beau acted like there was nothing the least bit strange about how he was holding on to her.

"I'm steady now," she told him. "You can let me go."

"But how about if I don't want to?" he asked. "How about if I never want to let you go?"

Her heart started to soar, but then she remembered, "Weren't you just hugged up on somebody a few minutes ago? A really, really good-looking somebody?"

He chuckled.

"What?"

"His plan worked. You got jealous. It's just it wasn't over the right person."

"I'm not jealous," she said, even though she totally was. "I was just wondering why you're talking about never wanting to let me go when you obviously were just hugged up on somebody else."

"Man, you sound angry. Was she that cute?"

Now she really started struggling to get free. "Let me go," she said. "Let me go right now, Beau Prescott."

"No," he said. "Not until you promise to marry me."

She stopped struggling. "What?"

And he cursed. "I'm not doing this right."

"What did you just say?"

"You should have been here earlier. I had this whole speech about how much I love you, about how you make me a better person. But now we're here, and it sounds like I'm threatening you, but I'm not. Josie, I love you. That's all. More than I ever loved anybody else, ever." He reached up and stroked her cheek with the back of his knuckles. "So even though, I know Prescotts don't apologize, here's me, Beau Prescott, telling you, Josie Witherspoon, I'm sorry. I'm sorry about the things I said, the way I treated you. Sorrier than I've ever been about anything in my entire life. And I'm sorry I can't leave you alone, but I want you to-no, scratch that, darlin', I need you to spend the rest of your life with me."

She stared up at him, her eyes glistening with tears. That speech had been so beautiful, she could barely believe it had come out of Beau Prescott's mouth. Yet even though his voice shook when he spoke--and this was likely the first apology he'd made to anyone in over twenty years--there was just one more thing she had to see to truly believe he meant what he'd just said.

His eyes.

She tentatively reached up and removed his sunglasses.

He let her, but his arms stiffened around her waist as she took them off, which let her know he wasn't wholly unaffected by what she was doing.

She found his beautiful silver eyes filled with tears, just like hers. And to her surprise, the dark pupils inside of them shrank under the lobby's bright lights. "Have you gotten some of your sight back?"

"No, my eyes still respond to light, but they don't relay a picture to my brain. That's how my condition works." She could almost see the effort it was taking for him to hold still under her scrutiny. "I decided to make a donation to UAB's Department of Ophthalmology, and I've got a few other neurosurgeons looking at my file, but as far as I know, I'm going to be blind until further notice. I know that's not ideal. But I promise, I won't ever let it affect my ability to love you the way you deserve to be loved ever again."

She regarded him for several seconds before saying. "You're right. I don't like you as much now as when you had your sight."

His grip around his waist slackened. "Oh," he said, the expression on his face going from hopeful to devastated to resigned in the space of a few seconds.

But then she said, "I like you way better. Way, way better." She smiled up at him. "Now you're perfect. Yes, Beau, I'll marry you."

And he smiled back, before pressing his mouth into hers. For a moment, the staring Alabamans in the lobby faded away, and it was only them returned to the love-struck teenagers they'd once been, but then she remembered, "Oh my God, Colin! We were supposed to meet to talk about him giving Ruth's House a donation."

But his arms only curled tighter around her and he said, "However much you were planning to ask him for, I'll match it."

"But-"

"Double it."

"Beau-"

"Hell, you're going to be my wife. I'll give you my checkbook and let you decide on the amount."

And lest she think he was actually trying to buy her again, he capped this declaration with the sweetest, most sincere, and most grateful kiss she had ever known.

EPILOGUE

TO THEIR CREDIT, Josie and he did manage to make it out of the back of Mac's car, before they consummated their reunion. But there was no way he was going to let them get all the way up the stairs, or even to a chair or couch. In fact, Beau considered himself a damn gentleman for closing the door all the way behind him, before he threw Josie down on the foyer's floor.

She seemed desperate for him, too, because not only did she go down on her back without a word of protest, she unzipped his pants and pulled him out as she did so.

But despite his many changed ways, Beau still wasn't the type to give his future wife what she wanted without making her work for it. "I don't hear you narrating, darlin'," he said, refusing to go along with her as she started to position his cock between her wet folds.

Below him, she went still. "Are you kidding me?" she asked.

"Not even a little bit," he answered, pulling back slightly to make his point.

She let out a huff of air, but eventually said, "I've got your thing in my hand."

"Josie..."

"I've got your dick in my hand-and wow! It just got harder as soon as I said that."

"What's your other hand doing?" he asked, trying to ignore the aching pain that came with wanting to be inside someone this much.

"It's, um, on your butt, trying to get you to...."

He finally allowed himself to sink his cock into her, and savored the sound of her delighted moan when he was all the way inside and began moving. Now both her hands were on his ass. But soon after he started thrusting into her with long, hard jerks, he felt both of her hands thread themselves under his arms, before hooking around his shoulders from behind, as if she were trying to hold on.

"Tell me what you see," he said.

"From this position, just my hands on your shoulders."

"Describe them to me."

And he could hear the smile in her voice when she said, "Well, the right one is just my plain old hand, but the left one has a big honking diamond on it."

His diamond. The one he'd put on her in the back of Mac's car when he realized he'd forgotten to propose to her with it.

He let out a strangled groan and pushed into her even harder, making sure he hit her clit with each stroke. More than anything, he wanted to please Josie, wanted to spend the rest of his life pleasing her.

His lips searched for and eventually found the thin scar at the top of her left breast. He promised himself that from then on, he'd kiss it every time they made love, for the rest of his life, as a reminder of what she had survived in order to make her way back to him.

And it felt like his heart would come out of his chest when she began bucking beneath him. She cried out his name, "Beau!" before she seized up and came with a happy sigh.

He was glad she was happy. He wanted that even more than he wanted his own orgasm, which came crashing over him a few minutes later. He released into her, already knowing after their upcoming wedding and the birth of their children, this moment would be forever seared in his mind as his most favorite.

But then it was interrupted by the sound of the front door opening. "Yoo-hoo, Beau, darling!" came his mother's voice. "I'm finally...."

The thud of what sounded like one of his mother's expensive purses hitting the floor came next. "...home." Then: "Josie Witherspoon, I do not believe this is the job I hired you for."

"Oh. My. God," Josie said underneath him, obviously mortified.

But Beau just laughed. Not even this latest interruption could diminish the joy of finally winning the heart of Josie Witherspoon. His dream girl. His favorite ally.

His one and only love.

THE END

