Chapter One

Whenever Treston had a man of his own, he felt special in a way that gave him both hope for the future and peace of mind about his sordid past. In his own innocent way, he truly believed life was all about peace, love, hope, and change.

Treston loved being in love. If he had a man in his life, he smiled more often, spoke with a softer tone, and even tended to walk down the street with a lighter step.

It didn't matter he'd only known most of the men he'd been in love with a few weeks. It mattered even less Treston had felt this way so many times he'd lost count. Each time he fell in love with a new man, he told himself it would be different and all his troubles were finally over. He truly believed the right man would change everything. But more than that, there were no lengths to which he would not go to please his man.

By the time he met Harlan Rocks, Treston was twenty-five years old and had already been through so many men he was beginning to wonder if something might be wrong with him. He'd fallen in love with semi-pro athletes who scratched their crotches and spit on public sidewalks. He'd fallen in love with older men, younger men, and even a few married men. He tried not to think too often about the Catholic priest he'd fallen in love with two years earlier. The priest eventually chose God over him, and this made Treston feel like hitting himself over the head with a two-by-four for getting involved with a priest in the first place. But Harlan Rocks was different. This time Treston knew he'd found the true love of his life and nothing could stand in the way of his happiness.

At the time, he was working in a small, all-male strip club in Vegas called The Male Room, where he did all kinds of things most people would have considered questionable at best to make a living. On the night he met Harlan, Treston had been dancing alone in a cage at the end of a long bar. He'd just broken up with his most recent boyfriend, Brent, an amateur gonzo porn star, and he hadn't been in the mood to smile, dance, or take off his clothes for anyone. The only reason he was there at all had more to do with paying the rent than shaking his body around for other men. He was already three weeks behind and his landlord was ready to kick him out. And he hated to take money from the modest savings account he'd been keeping for that proverbial rainy day.

The moment he glanced down and saw Harlan looking up at him, he felt a tug in his heart. All the drama of losing Brent disappeared and he sent the dark handsome man sitting at the bar below him a smile. Then he concentrated on moving his hips in a more exaggerated, seductive way, arching his back, spreading his legs wider. He started to smile more and a rush of excitement filled his body. He forgot about everyone else in the club and concentrated on looking at the dark-haired man for the rest of the night.

By the time Treston's shift was over, Harlan stood up and helped him climb out of the cage. Treston ignored all the other men who had been watching him dance in nothing but a silver glitter thong and he continued to focus on Harlan as if he were the only man in the room.

Though he knew it was against the rules for the male strippers to actually touch the customers, he checked to make sure his boss wasn't watching and then he set both palms on Harlan's wide shoulders. Harlan was wearing a black leather jacket, with a white shirt and tight faded jeans. He also wore sunglasses and Treston couldn't actually see his eyes. As he braced his hands on Harlan's shoulders and Harlan reached for his waist, he jumped off the stage in his bare feet and said, "Thanks so much for helping me down. You're a very big, strong man."

One of the other customers tried to grab Treston's naked ass, but Harlan grabbed the guy's arm and pushed it away. He scowled at him and spoke through clenched teeth. "Don't touch unless you have permission, you old fuckwad." The guy who'd grabbed Treston had to be at least seventy years old, carrying the creep flag as high as he could.

This unsolicited act of chivalry sent a thrill up the back of Treston's legs and he leaned forward to kiss his new hero on the cheek. "Thanks so much. I hate when the customers touch me that way. They aren't supposed to touch me at all." Then he lowered his head and glanced up at Harlan with the most innocent expression he could manage. He really didn't mind when the men touched him and grabbed him; he was so used to it he rarely even noticed when it happened. But he didn't want Harlan to know that.

Harlan squared his shoulders and said, "Don't you worry about it. I'll kick anyone's ass who tries to fuck around with you." He still had his hands on Treston's waist and he'd moved close enough now for Treston to feel his erection pushing through the front of his jeans against Treston's naked pelvis. "I'm Harlan Rocks."

Treston spoke in a soft, low tone, just barely loud enough for Harlan to hear. "I'm Treston Fair Leigh," he said. His real name was Ernie Schlepper; he'd made up a stage name when he'd started working at the club. He glanced to the right and saw his boss glaring at him. "I should go backstage now and get dressed before I get into trouble. I'm not supposed to socialize with the customers this way."

Harlan squeezed his waist tighter and said, "I'll wait here for you."

After that, they went back to Treston's small apartment and made love for two days in a row without bothering to shower, eat, or leave the apartment for anything. From what little Treston could manage to get out of Harlan, he learned his new love had just arrived in town and he was looking to start a whole new life. This was the kind of man who had always excited Treston the most. Men who picked up and moved to new cities and started new lives were not only the best lovers but also the ones who tended to ignore what Treston did for a living.

At least, that's how it worked in the beginning with Harlan. But during the second week, Harlan brought a man back to the apartment and he pulled Treston into the bathroom so they could speak alone. Treston was so tired that night from dancing a double shift at the club that he could barely move his arms. He'd just learned how to do a new act on the stage that involved a ping-pong ball shooter and ping-pong balls-the customers liked him because he came up with new and innovative ideas all the time that set him apart from other male strippers-and his knees were killing him from being down on all fours for so long. "I'm going to bed now. I hope you don't mind if I don't sit up with you and your buddy."

Harlan grabbed him by the waist and kissed him. He was wearing the dark glasses again and Treston couldn't look into his eyes. "You've got to do me a favor tonight. This dude out there wants me to pay him and I'm fucking broke. We were playing cards and I lost. So I managed to convince him I could pay him another way...instead of with money. Could you do me this favor?"

"I'm not sure I understand," Treston said.

"I told him you'd suck him off. I told him you have the best fucking mouth in Vegas, that you swallow, and you'd take good care of him. He said if you gave him a good blow job he'd let me off the hook this time. You have to help me out, man, and you have to do this."

Although Treston had done things like this with men for money before, this was the first time a boyfriend had ever asked him to suck a guy off. At first, he felt a sting in his chest and he wanted to punch Harlan in the gut. But when he looked into Harlan's dark sunglasses and caught a glimpse of his brown eyes, and he saw the way Harlan was pleading with him, he shrugged and said, "Let me take a shower first. Tell him I'll be right out." One more blow job with a total stranger certainly wouldn't hurt him. He liked dick and one more wouldn't change his life.

Harlan slapped his ass and said, "You're the best. I swear I'm going to buy you a ring and we'll get married soon."

"Do you mean that?" Treston asked. He started to jump up and down, and threw his arms around Harlan's shoulders and hugged him.

Harlan remained emotionless; he didn't even lift his arms to return the hug. "Sure, I mean it," he said, with a slight laugh. "I'll fucking marry you like those gay guys got married on TV. I'll make an honest little fag out of you, sweet lips."

When Harlan called him a fag, Treston didn't take offense. In fact, it turned him on in a way he found hard to explain. If he'd been walking down the street and someone had called him a pejorative like that he would have told them to go fuck themselves. But when Harlan called him a fag he only wanted to swing from Harlan's big shoulders and do bad things. "When can we do it? We have to get rings. I know just the place. It's a little jewelry store I've been passing on the way to work for a year. They have gay wedding bands in the window and I stop and stare at them every day."

Harlan slapped his ass and laughed again. "We'll talk about it more later. Right now you've got a dick to suck. Go brush your teeth and wash your face."

If it had only been the one time, Treston wouldn't have minded at all. But after that night, Harlan started bring more men around and he always gave Treston the same old story, or one similar to it. One night he came home with three drunken college guys he said he'd met on the strip and he'd promised them he'd hook them up with the best sex they'd ever had for the right price.

Treston was already in bed, listening to the one song in the world that could put him to sleep after a long night at the strip club: You Are My Sunshine. No one had sung him this song when he'd been a child. No one had ever sung him a lullaby of any kind. As a child he'd gone to bed alone most of the time because his mother had worked in an all-night strip club just like the one where he worked now. And he'd never known who his father was because his mother had never been quite sure.

Harlan crossed to the bed and pulled the covers off him. Without going into a detailed explanation, he glanced down at Treston through his dark sunglasses and said, "I've got a couple of guys out front. I said I could hook them up with the best tranny sex they've ever had."

"I hate that word," Treston said. "You're supposed to say transgender, or at least cross-dresser. Tranny is offensive."

"Fuck that shit," Harlan said. When he said fuck it sounded like fock. "These dudes want hot tranny ass and I told them you'd take good care of them for the right price."

Treston sat up in bed. He removed the ear plugs and set his phone on the pillow. "Did you lose again? Were you playing cards? Is this why you need money? I'm starting to think you have a gambling problem, Harlan. Maybe we should talk about it." Treston spoke in a soft loving tone. He had been born and raised in Vegas and he'd seen more than his share of addicted gamblers. In most cases they were worse than alcoholics or drug addicts. They would stop at nothing to get their gambling fix.

The rowdy college guys in the living room started to laugh. Harlan spoke over their deep hollow voices and said, "We'll talk later. Right now I need you to get your hot little ass out of bed and give these dudes some great tranny ass."

Treston blinked. "But I'm not a transgender or a cross dresser. I don't even like drag shows all that much." Though he had soft delicate features for a man, and a perfectly smooth body he shaved daily because he stripped in public, he'd never been a sissy boy. He worked out in a small makeshift gym in the back of the strip club almost daily to maintain a tight, toned body, and he hadn't been shortchanged in the penis department either. One of the reasons why men went to see him strip was because he was all man, but with a few exaggerated curves in the right places. The only thing that really set him apart from straight men was that he had blond highlights added to his brown hair about once a month. He thought the bleached highlights made him stand out from the rest of the male strippers at the club-and even that was questionable, because so many straight men he knew were dying their hair nowadays.

"These dudes don't know that," Harlan said. "Go put on the pink thing you wore in those Halloween photos you showed me. The one with the blond wig and the pink high heels. Even I thought you looked hot in it and I'm not even into fucking trannys."

"I wore the showgirl costume as a joke for Halloween one year at the club," Treston said. "The only reason I showed you the photo was for a laugh. The costume's in the back of my closet and it took me a while to get ready that night." Treston hated bad drag, which is why he never did it. He loved it when drag was campy or lifelike, but when it wasn't there was nothing more insulting.

Harlan laughed. "Just put on the costume, the wig, and some lipstick and the high heels. You're pretty enough to pass if you wiggle your ass the right way. These dudes are so fucking wasted they'll never care. They're willing to pay a thousand bucks to take turns on you."

"Oh, Harlan, I don't know about this. Seriously," Treston said. A thousand dollars was a lot of money. Treston had done worse at the club for less money.

The guys in the living room grew louder. When they started to scream, "We want pussy," in their deep, slurred, young male voices, Harlan climbed onto the bed, put his arms around Treston, and said, "If I you do this for me, we can pay off that credit card bill and get a couple of wedding rings and make it official. You know how much I want you to be my husband."

In the short time Treston had known Harlan he'd allowed Harlan to use his only credit card with the fifteen-hundred-dollar credit limit. The last time Treston tried to use the card he found out Harlan had maxed it out. But he loved his man so much he was willing to do anything for him. "Are you serious about this? We'll get rings and get married if I do this for you?"

"Sure I am, bitch," Harlan said. He reached between Treston's legs and found one of his extremely sensitive spots. He rubbed it gently with his thick, rough fingers and said, "You give these guys the best tranny ass they've ever had and I'll marry you this week."

Chapter Two

Harlan had been right about the three college guys being drunk. By the time Treston had put on his sexy Vegas showgirl costume with the pink high heels and entered the living room, all three were slumped back on his old brown sofa with their heads tilted, their eyes glazed, and their mouths half open.

Though Harlan hadn't had much time to put on the costume, he'd done his best with bright red lipstick and big fake breasts and the three guys sat up at the same time and gaped at him for a moment. One didn't even seem to realize he'd licked his lip. The pink outfit had a fluffy showgirl dress that stopped just above his knees, but with a tight sequined corset that pushed the fake breasts forward and cinched his thin waist.

Harlan put his arm around Treston and said, "Didn't I tell you she was fucking hot, guys?" He reached down and pulled up the pink sequined dress and said, "Look at those fucking legs."

Although they were nice-looking young men, Treston noticed there was nothing to really set them apart from a million other young men in college walking up and down the Vegas strip all year long. They all wore the typical tourist outfits: long baggy shorts that hung on their slim hips, loose T-shirts with trite sayings, and well-worn sandals curled at the heel and the toe. They all had thick necks and hairy legs and Treston had a feeling they all played some kind of sport in school. They didn't have the studious look some college guys had. These three looked more like they belonged to a fraternity that cared more about football and beer than math and chemistry.

While the guys sat there gaping at Treston, Harlan patted his ass and said, "Turn around, bend over a little, and lift up your dress for the guys, baby."

When Harlan said this, Treston noticed the guy with dark black hair in the middle bite his bottom lip. The guy next to him took a quick breath and made a fist. As Treston turned, bent over, and lifted the dress up above his waist, the room went so silent he swore he could hear them breathing. He was wearing a pink lace thong under the dress, the same one he'd worn the last time on Halloween. Harlan leaned over and whispered into his ear. "This is good, baby. You should see their faces right now. This is the fastest buck we'll ever make. By this time next week you'll be a married little fag, with rings and all." Then he reached around and slapped Treston's ass in front of the guys.

Treston looked up at him and smiled. He was still wearing the dark glasses and Treston wished he'd remove them so he could look into his eyes. He stood up slowly and the pink dress fell down to his knees. He set his palm on Harlan's chest and said, "I love you so much."

"Yeah, me, too," Harlan said. Then he slapped Treston on the ass again and pointed to the sofa. "Now be a good little fag, get the fuck over there, sit on their laps, and do what you do best with that ass."

When Treston reached the sofa, the guy with the dark black hair pulled down his zipper and pulled out his erection. He spread his dark hairy legs wider, grabbed it at the bottom of the shaft, and shook it a few times. Treston slowly went down to his knees in front of him. He crawled between his legs, reached up so he could run his hands up under his baggy shorts, and licked his bright red lips in an overly seductive way. They guy released his dick and reached for Treston's head. He grabbed both sides of the blond wig, pulled Treston's face between his legs, and bucked his hips forward. While the other two guys watched and Harlan stood in the background, Treston opened his mouth and took the guy into his mouth in such a gentle easy way the guy's legs shuddered for a second.

Although Treston felt awkward about dressing up as a woman because it wasn't something he liked doing, he couldn't deny he disliked being with these three strange young men in spite of the unusual circumstances that had led him there. Treston didn't need more than one man in his life to keep him happy, but he liked men and he'd always been good at knowing what they wanted most. These three young guys were awkward and not very experienced, but there was nothing crude or vulgar about them. Even though he could smell the alcohol each time they exhaled, none of them was a mean rowdy drunk. He had a feeling they all came from good middle-class homes, with moms who did their laundry, girlfriends who baked them cookies, and sisters who offered them advice on women.

They took turns, holding Treston's head gently and sliding in and out of his mouth as if they were afraid to really let go. They were well groomed and smelled like clean young men should smell. He secretly enjoyed pulling down their pants and removing their sandals. He'd always been attracted to men with hairy legs. He even smiled when one of them reached down to squeeze his fake breasts as if they were real.

As Treston could have predicted, the entire scene didn't last longer than an hour. After he pulled down their pants and removed their sandals, he took turns between their legs with his mouth and his hands, bringing them all to the edge relatively fast. At first he thought he would suck them all off and that would be the end of it. But the guy in the middle, with the darkest black hair and the thickest dick, grabbed the back of his neck and held his head still. He glanced down at him and said, "Get up now and sit on my lap." Then he waved a condom he must have pulled out of his shorts before Treston had pulled them off.

While Treston stood up, the other guys stroked their dicks and watched every move he made. By the time Treston lifted the pink dress all the way up and spread his legs so he could sit on the guy's lap, the guy had covered his dick with a pre-lubricated condom. The guy reached forward and lifted Treston's dress up higher so Treston could reach back, guide his dick, and sit on it. The guy on the right grabbed a fake breast and the guy on the right ran his fingers up and down Treston's bare leg. If they'd noticed Treston's erection in the pink thong, they didn't mention it aloud.

Then the dark-haired guy slouched down and stretched his legs as far as he could. Treston slowly sat on his dick until he could feel the guy's hairy legs against his smooth bottom. The guy lifted Treston's dress higher and Treston started riding him slowly. The other guys watched and jacked as Treston lifted his arms all the way up and arched his back. When he started to grind his hips faster, the dark-haired guy grabbed both sides of his ass and spread it apart. He was stronger and more aggressive than Treston had expected, which led Treston to suspect he might be gay and still in the closet. He seemed to know what he was doing.

At one point, when Treston least expected it, the dark-haired guy leaned forward and put his arms around him. While he was still deep inside Treston's body, he stood up and carried Treston toward the bedroom. On the way to the bedroom, as Treston held the guy's shoulders, with his legs around the guy's waist and the pink high heels crossed at the ankle at the small of his back, Treston noticed Harlan was in the kitchen making himself a fried egg. And he still hadn't removed the dark sunglasses.

When they reached the bedroom, the guy lowered Treston to the bed and rested him on his back with little effort, as if he weighed nothing. The guy didn't pull out; he just climbed onto the bed and pushed his pelvis forward as hard as he could to go deeper. For a moment, he remained this way, with his eyes closed, his palms braced on the mattress on either side of Treston's shoulders, and his head tilted back.

Treston lifted his legs and flung the pink high heels over the guy's shoulders. For a moment he felt deeply conflicted over how much he was enjoying all this while the man he was in love with-the man he was going to marry that week-was in the kitchen frying an egg. Treston felt guilty because he shouldn't have been enjoying this as much as he was. He felt even guiltier when he glanced up and saw the other two young men waiting to take their turns on him, and he couldn't wait for them to begin. He blamed it all on a flaw in his basic physical makeup, something over which he had no control. He even wondered if there was a cure for liking sex too much. But when the dark young man started moving his hips faster and the lips of Treston's anus began to respond by tightening, Treston took a deep breath, inhaled the smell of fried egg filtering in from the kitchen, and closed his eyes.

After the guy with the darkest hair came, he pulled out, stepped aside, and the next guy climbed up on the bed. This one was tall and thin, with lighter hair on his legs and a thin line of hair running down his torso. When he entered, Treston spread his legs and the pink high heels dangled over the guy's forearms. Although he wasn't as big or as rough as the guy with the darkest hair, he moved fast and he only stimulated the nerve endings around Treston's anus even more. And when he came, he slammed into Treston so hard the bed moved sideways and Treston's phone popped off the pillow and landed on the floor.

By the time the third guy entered, he grabbed the backs of Treston's legs and pinned Treston's knees to his shoulders. His dick had a slight upward curve, and this slight curve hit Treston's male G-spot in a way that sent pre-orgasmic sensations through Treston's entire body. This guy didn't last long, but it was long enough for Treston to come without even touching his own dick. The guy gave him three hard slams and whispered something incoherent.

Treston came on the third slam and he knew the guy inside him came at the same time. It was a shame Treston didn't know his name; he would have enjoyed saying it aloud while he'd climaxed. While the other two had been silent for the most part, this one seemed more sensitive and his entire body jerked and shuddered for a moment. He wasn't the best looking of the three; his body was a little flabby and he had a receding hair line. But he did something to the spot deep down in Treston's body that not even Harlan could do on his best night. The last time he'd experience a climax equaled this one was when Treston had been alone, in the privacy of his own bedroom, playing with a dildo. For a moment, it occurred to Treston maybe he should be looking for balding guys with flabby bodies and curved dicks. If they were all this good, he'd never have to touch his dick again to climax.

But when the last guy pulled out, all Treston did was smile and lower his legs. These guys would go back to their schools and their hometowns and their girlfriends and he knew he would never see them again. He wanted to go right into the bathroom and take off the thong he'd soaked with come but he didn't want to be rude. The high heels were killing his feet and he wondered how women could stand wearing them all the time.

He stood up, pulled down the pink dress, and walked back into the living room where he found the guys putting on their clothes. For a moment, his small living room reminded him of a college locker room. He wanted to give them each a big kiss and thank them for being so nice. He'd been in situations like this where the guys hadn't treated him well and he knew the difference. For a moment, he almost felt guilty about taking money from them for making him feel so wonderful.

Evidently, Harlan didn't feel guilty at all. Harlan had finished his egg and he was standing near the sofa, talking to the guy with the darkest hair, with his open palm stretched out. "That will be one thousand dollars, guys."

They reached into their pockets and pulled out wads of wrinkled cash. They'd sobered up enough by then to keep from looking in Treston's direction. He didn't mind the way they ignored him, even though they'd just done the most intimate things one human being can do to another. Treston had been through this before, too, with men, especially the so-called straight men. He knew they felt even guiltier than he did and he found this mildly entertaining in a way he never would have admitted aloud to anyone. The main reason he enjoyed this was because he knew although they wouldn't look at him right now, if he ran into any one of them a week from now in the pink dress and the pink high heels, he could get them to do anything he wanted them to do and they would have forgotten all about their guilt. He'd learned something else about men with strong, private needs: they always come back for more.

As Treston turned to head back to the bathroom so he could remove the pink lace thong he'd messed up, he overheard Harlan say, "Hold on. This is only eight hundred and fourteen. Where's the rest, buddy?"

Treston turned toward the sofa and saw Harlan shaking his fist in the dark-haired guy's face. "You little fuckers got what you came here for. Now pay the fuck up," Harlan said.

"It's all we have," said the dark-haired guy. "I swear. I thought I had more but I don't."

Harlan pointed to his wrist and said, "Give me your watches."

The guy with the curved dick and receding hairline seemed stunned. He shrugged and said, "This watch was an early graduation gift from my mom."

"I don't fucking care if it was a gift from the fucking pope," Harlan said. "Hand it over."

This tugged at Treston's heart and he stepped forward. He spoke in a soft tone and said, "Harlan, let them go. If that's all they have it's fine. I believe them." He couldn't take a watch someone's mom had given him.

Harlan threw the wrinkled cash they'd given him onto the floor and he walked over to where Treston was standing. He grabbed Treston by the back of the neck, gritted his teeth, and said, "You shut the fuck up, whore. I'm the one in charge here and these little fuckers aren't going anywhere unless they pay up. I told them I'd get them the best tranny ass in town and I did. Now it's their turn."

When Harlan used the word tranny, Treston's stomach tightened. The word itself offended Treston in about one hundred different ways, and he wasn't even a transgender. But he knew when Harlan got into one of these violent moods the best thing he could do was try to calm him down. So he reached up, caressed his cheek, and said, "Sweetie, they're just kids. They paid almost the right amount. Let them go now. It's okay." Treston wasn't much older than they were. But he didn't talk about his age openly. The day he turned twenty-five and realized he wasn't considered a twink anymore he swore he'd never tell the truth about his age again.

Harlan squeezed his neck harder and shook him a couple of times. "You shut the fuck up, or I'll rap you right in the mouth. I want my fucking money."

Before Treston could say another word, the guy with the darkest hair grabbed Harlan's arm and yanked it off Treston's neck. "Let go of her," he said. The other two clenched their fists and stepped up behind him in a show of support.

It took Treston a moment to realize they were talking about him when the guy said, "Let go of her." For a moment, he wondered if a woman had entered the room because he'd never thought of himself as a her.

Harlan turned fast. He tried to break free from the guy with the darkest hair, but the other two moved forward and grabbed his other arm. Harlan glared at them. "Let go of me or I'll kick the shit out of all of you."

The dark-haired guy twisted Harlan's arm behind is back and said, "I told you to let go of her and I meant it, pal. Now if you want, here's what we'll do. We'll leave quietly and go to a cash machine and get you more money. But you're not getting our watches."

Treston turned to the guys and said, "Just let go of him and leave. Please, guys. We don't want any more money. Just please go. I don't want any trouble here." The last thing he wanted were his neighbors to find him dressed up this way, not to mention the police knocking at his door. He had a feeling this could get ugly and he wanted to avoid a scene.

Harlan said, "Let them get the rest of the money and come back."

"I'll give you the rest of the money myself," Treston said. "They're decent guys. It's over, Harlan. Let them go."

Harlan tried to break free one more time but they only held him with more force. They seemed to have sobered up fast. When Harlan seemed to realize he wasn't strong enough to take on all of them, he stopped trying to fight them and said, "Okay. I'm finished. You can go now." He glared at Treston and said, "But I want the money from you."

The way he glared made Treston wish he hadn't removed his dark glasses yet. Treston nodded and said, "I told you I'd make up the difference." He smiled at the young men and said, "You can let go of him now. It's okay."

Before they released Harlan, the guy with the darkest hair sent Treston a glance and asked, "Are you sure you're going to be okay with this asshole? You can come with us if you want. I feel funny leaving you here all alone."

Though unexpected, and about as far from the reality Treston knew as real life, this single gesture from the nice young man made his chest cave in. He smiled and said, "I'll be fine. I can take care of myself." They seemed to have mistaken him for a real woman and he wasn't sure why. He'd have to think about this later; maybe he should start lifting weights even more, and taking steroids like the other male strippers to build up his body.

The guy glared at Harlan and said, "Can I trust you not to hurt her when we leave? I hate guys like you who think they can treat a helpless woman that way." He smiled at Treston and said, "You know what I mean, honey. I know deep down you think of yourself as a woman and that's all that matters."

Harlan laughed. "But she's not a woman, asshole. She's not even a fucking tranny."

Treston pulled off the wig and shrugged. He spoke with his deepest voice. "I'm really not a woman."

This seemed to be too much reality for one night. When they saw Harlan without the long blond wig, it freaked them all out so much their jaws dropped. They released Harlan and practically ran for the door. Treston hated to shock them, but they'd known all along he wasn't a real woman so he didn't think he'd done anything wrong.

When they were gone, Treston tried to put his arms around Harlan and kiss him. But Harlan pushed him away and said, "Go take a fucking shower. You look like a goddamn freak standing there." Then he turned his back on Treston and went to the sofa to pick up the money he'd thrown on the floor. As Treston turned, Harlan sent him a backward glance and said, "And don't forget you're making this up. I want the rest of the money they owe me by tomorrow afternoon."

Treston smiled and said, "I can get it to you in the morning, sweetie. I'll go to the bank first thing." He didn't mind doing this because the money was going toward their future as a married couple, to pay off the credit card Harlan had maxed out. So what if Harlan had a few quirks and a bad temper? He didn't mean half of what he said. Treston continued to make these excuses all the way back to the bathroom. He told himself everything was going to be okay from now on because he'd finally found the right man with whom to spend the rest of his life.

But as he turned and caught a glimpse of himself in the bathroom mirror, with the wig in one hand, his own streaked blond hair plastered to his head, and the red lipstick smeared all over his chin, he got a sick feeling deep in his stomach that lasted until he finally fell asleep about three hours later. And he vowed to himself that night, with Harlan snoring beside him, he would do anything to make this relationship work.

Chapter Three

In the mornings, Harlan had a way of waking Treston up that seemed to follow a set pattern. Harlan would pull the covers back, push Treston onto his stomach, throw his leg over him, and climb on top of him. He didn't speak or give Treston a good morning kiss first. He would cover his dick with a condom, shove it into Treston, and ride him for two or three minutes. He always grunted when he came, and sometimes he repeated the word "fuck" a few times in a deep stage whisper. When he was finished, he would climb off Treston's back, remove the condom, and throw it on the floor beside the bed where Treston would have to pick it up and throw it away later. He also threw all his clothes on the floor all over the apartment, but Treston loved having a man to pick up after and he never complained.

Though Treston would have preferred to have these morning sessions last a little longer so he could join Harlan, he didn't complain. Treston figured if Harlan was this attracted to him, and he couldn't wait to mount him every single morning, he must have been doing something right. For Treston, turning down the man he loved in bed would have been unthinkable.

The morning after the three guys fucked Treston in the pink showgirl costume, Harlan seemed more than eager to climb up on Treston's back. Treston happened to be awake at the time, anticipating what was about to happen to him. He tried to turn over so Harlan could fuck him in a different position, but Harlan grabbed Treston's neck and said, "Stay where you are and don't move. Just lie there and shut the fuck up."

Treston reached back to caress Harlan's leg. "But I'd like to look into your eyes while we're making love. You have such beautiful eyes." He rarely saw them because of those dark glasses.

"My eyes are shit brown," Harlan said. "Now spread your legs a little and shut the fuck up. I want to go to the bank this morning with you and I don't want to waste time."

"Can I at least suck your dick for a few minutes?" Treston asked. He hadn't sucked Harlan's dick in about two days. "You used to like it so much when I did it in the beginning when we first met. And you have such a nice dick."

Harlan put on the condom and reached across the bed for the white boxer briefs he'd been wearing the day before. He rolled the briefs up, leaned over, and shoved them into Treston's mouth. Then he pointed his dick toward Treston's hole and said, "That should keep you quiet for a few minutes while I do what I have to do."

This wasn't something Treston would have suggested, but he didn't try to remove the briefs from his mouth either. He knew if he did, it would piss Harlan off and he wanted him to be in a good mood. He also wanted to look at wedding bands after they went to the bank. So he closed his eyes, arched his back, and waited for Harlan to finish. Though it wasn't the most romantic experience he'd ever had, Treston would have been lying if he'd said he didn't enjoy getting fucked this way. When he was with a man, a strong dominant man like Harlan, he didn't always need to climax. In fact, he actually preferred to be on the bottom, getting fucked, and enjoying the constant stimulation from the penetration itself. The act alone satisfied him as much as any climax he'd ever had. For Treston it was more about the physical connection to the man he loved and the intimacy of getting fucked by the man he loved than the actual orgasm. The only unpleasant thing about it was it never lasted as long as he wanted it to last with Harlan.

A few minutes after he grunted, Harlan pulled out and removed the condom. This time he threw the filled condom forward and it landed on Treston's cheek. As he climbed out of bed, Harlan laughed and said, "I have to admit one thing. I've never seen anyone who liked to get fucked the way you do. It's amazing the way you can just lie there and take it."

Treston pulled the briefs out of his mouth and said, "It's because I love you so much. I enjoy being with you."

Harlan laughed again and said, "Get up now. We can take a shower together to save time. You can wash my dick if you like it so much."

After they showered and dressed, Treston made coffee. He wanted to sit at the table and talk for a few minutes. He didn't have to go to work until later and he knew Harlan didn't have anything planned that day. But Harlan grabbed a chipped mug and said, "We'll drink it on the way to the bank. I want to take you somewhere special today. Don't waste time. You talk too much anyway."

When he heard Harlan wanted to take him somewhere special, his head went up and he smiled. "Where do you want to take me?" He'd thought they would go ring shopping, but now that Harlan had mentioned taking him somewhere special he decided not to mention rings that morning. This was the first time since they'd met and fallen in love that Harlan had suggested going anywhere during the day.

"It's a great big surprise," Harlan said as he turned to a small mirror in the living room to put on his dark sunglasses and check out his hair. He was wearing tight faded jeans that made his crotch bulge, a white shirt, and the same black leather jacket he'd worn the night Treston had met him.

"Can't you even give me a hint?" Treston said. At that moment, as he stood before the mirror moving his hair around, Treston thought he was the most attractive man in the universe.

"No hints," Harlan said. "Shut the fuck up and let's go now. I never met anyone who wanted to talk so much."

Treston knew Harlan hated too much talking, so he took his mug of coffee and followed him toward the door in silence. Treston had decided to wear his new low-rise jeans and a black mock turtleneck. The jeans had cost him more than one hundred dollars and he couldn't even afford them-they were still on the credit card Harlan had maxed out. He didn't wear a jacket because it was warm out. He wanted to ask Harlan why he was wearing his favorite jacket on such a warm day, but he decided not to say anything. He had a feeling if he did ask, Harlan would say he was talking too much again. He'd been trying to make an effort not to do this.

They drove to the bank in Harlan's red twenty-year-old Jeep Cherokee. It was so old there were holes in the seats, rust around all the bumpers, and the steering wheel made a strange crunching noise whenever Harlan made a left turn. One of the springs was broken and the left side of the rear end sagged. But Treston didn't own a car and he didn't mind driving around in the old car as long as he was with Harlan. He was so much in love with this strong, handsome man, he even held his head higher when they pulled into the bank parking lot.

Before they got out, Harlan said, "I need a little more money."

Treston tilted his head sideways. "I don't understand. Those guys gave you almost a thousand dollars and you said you only needed me to make up the rest of what they owed you. You said you were going to pay off the credit card with the money."

"I have to pay a few dudes off first," Harlan said. "After that, I'll be completely free and I'll owe no one. I only need about three thousand to get out of this jam."

"Three thousand dollars?" Treston said. He felt a pull in his stomach. "I only have about two thousand in the bank. If I withdraw that much I'll only have three hundred bucks left." He'd been saving that money for a long time. He'd skipped meals and worked extra hours just to sock this money away. He knew it wasn't much, not for most people. But to him it was a small fortune and a little peace of mind in case there was an emergency.

Harlan sulked and punched the steering wheel. "I knew you'd react this way. You only care about yourself. That's okay. If you don't want me to have the money, I'll live. We can just postpone getting rings and getting married for the next six months."

Treston took a quick breath. "Calm down now. Don't get upset, sweetie." When he saw the expression of defeat all over Harlan's face he felt a tug in his heart. He reached over and caressed his handsome rugged face. "I'll give you the money. We'll figure out a way to pay off the credit card. I'll just work more hours." He didn't want to wait six months to get married, even if gay marriage wasn't legal.

So they unfolded from the old Jeep and went into the bank. While Treston withdrew almost all of his savings, Harlan waited in the background between two brown velvet ropes near the exit. Treston asked the bank teller to give him the money in one-hundred-dollar bills so he could slip it into his pocket without looking too obvious. He hated carrying so much cash around and he felt uncomfortable all the way back to the car.

When they were inside, Harlan started the engine and said, "Now I'm taking you somewhere very special. I've been planning this wonderful surprise for a couple of days." He didn't ask Treston to hand over the money right away.

Treston sat up and forgot all about the large sum of money in his back pocket. "Can't you give me a hint?" Oh, how he loved surprises. He didn't really want a hint.

"It's someplace you said you always wanted to go," Harlan said. "And that's all I'm going to tell you for now. You'll see soon enough." Then he backed the car out of the parking space and headed toward the exit.

It didn't take Treston long to figure out where they were going. He knew the roads; he'd traveled them all his life. "You're taking me to Hoover Dam, aren't you? I can't believe it. I've lived here all my life and I've never actually been to Hoover Dam or Lake Mead. I guess it's like people who live in New York and never actually go to the Statue of Liberty. Or people who live in Washington, D.C., and never actually go to the Washington Monument. I once met a guy from Philadelphia who said he'd been born and raised there and he'd never seen the Liberty Bell. I guess when you live in a place you take all these things for granted. I've always wanted to see Hoover Dam, but I always kept putting it off. I feel like that guy from Philadelphia who never-"

Harlan cut him off. "You're talking too much again, bitch. It's giving me a fucking headache." He spoke with a softer tone, as if he were trying to control his voice.

"I'm sorry," Treston said. "I'm just so excited about going to Hoover Dam for the first time, I can't help myself." They were almost halfway there. It wasn't more than a forty-minute drive and they were the only car on the road.

Harlan laughed and reached across the front seat. He grabbed the back of Treston's head, pulled him sideways, and pushed Treston's face between his legs. "Here, suck my dick for a while. That should shut you up."

For the rest of the short trip, Treston remained sprawled across the front seat with his head between Harlan's legs. At the exact moment they pulled into Hoover Dam, Harlan came with such a violent jerk, the old car swerved to the right and almost ran down an older couple walking toward a big silver Buick. Harlan honked the horn at them as if it had been their fault. Treston continued to suck until the car stopped.

Harlan grabbed the back of Treston's head and pulled him away from his dick. When Treston sat up and wiped his lips, Harlan laughed and said, "I should have thought of this weeks ago to shut you up."

Treston glanced into the mirror at his swollen lips. He was so happy to be there with the man he loved, he couldn't stop smiling. "Stop that. You're so bad. You know how much I love doing that to you." But he hated having swollen lips. It always made him self-conscious, as if everyone who looked at him would know he'd been sucking a dick. Whenever he saw someone with swollen lips that's what he always thought.

Although Treston didn't want to complain, his surprise excursion to Hoover Dam did not turn out the way he'd expected it would. They went into the visitor center where Harlan glanced around and shrugged his shoulders. It wasn't a busy day and Treston could have counted the people on one hand. He thought it would be the perfect time to see everything, and he wanted to go on tours. But when Treston suggested it to Harlan, he only frowned and said, "Let's go see Lake Mead. Let's find a nice private place and I'll fuck you in the great wide open outdoors."

"I kind of wanted to go on the Power Plant tour and the Hoover Dam tour," Treston said.

"That shit's fucking boring," Harlan said. He set his palm on the small of Treston's back and led him toward the exit. "Let's go somewhere and fuck on a rock."

So they climbed into the car and drove toward a secluded section of Lake Mead that Treston didn't know existed. Harlan drove off the main road and said, "I did a little research online. There are a lot of little hidden spots where people screw around here all the time."

"This looks like the end of the world to me," Treston said, as the old Jeep bounced and jerked on the unpaved road. He hoped the old car wouldn't fall apart at the seams.

A few minutes later, Harlan pulled between to large rocks and turned off the engine. "We have to walk a little, but this is going to be a surprise you'll never forget, baby. Why don't you take off all your clothes right now?"

"Take off all my clothes right now? Right here in the car?"

"Well, not all your clothes. You can leave your boots on," Harlan said. "I think it would be fucking hot to have you walking naked through the trails."

"I could get arrested for that, Harlan."

"Don't worry, baby. I'll wear my clothes and if we run into anyone I'll throw my jacket around you. Besides, there's no one around here. You'll be fine. People do it all the time."

"Are you sure?" Treston wanted to please his lover. Harlan seemed so excited about Treston walking through the trails naked. And he was wearing his heavy black work boots, so he wouldn't injure his feet.

"You'll be fine," Harlan said. "I'll take care of you. Trust me, sweet lips."

The thought of making love to Harlan outdoors made Treston forget all about how far out they were. The thought of walking naked through the trails excited him, too. So he took off all his clothes in the car, then got out and followed Harlan up a narrow winding trail that didn't seem to lead to anything specific. There were no other people around, which made Treston relax about what they were planning to do. The last thing he needed was to get arrested for indecent exposure and public sex. But he trusted Harlan so much, he knew nothing bad could ever happen to him.

Harlan took such big steps Treston had to practically run to keep up with him. He had to hold his dick to keep it from bouncing around. But when they finally reached a small alcove between a group of rocks, Harlan stopped walking and said, "Shit, man. I forgot to bring a condom. I'll have to go back to the car. You stay here and wait for me."

"I'm not staying here alone, stark naked." He felt a chill up his spine.

"You'll be fine," Harlan said. "I'll be right back. I'll run all the way and back." Then he put his arms around Treston and kissed him with his tongue in a way that made Treston's knees go weak every time. The way his thick leather jacket rubbed against Treston's naked body made him want to submit to anything Harlan suggested.

When they finished kissing, Harlan slapped his ass and turned toward the trail. Without giving him a backward glance, he said, "I'll be right back."

"Don't take too long," Treston said. "I don't want to get arrested."

When Treston couldn't see Harlan in the distance, he turned around and searched for a flat space to stretch out. He figured as long as he was outside, he might as well stretch out and work on his tan. He even removed his boots and his socks so he wouldn't have a tan line around his ankles.

The first twenty minutes passed fairly quickly. He didn't even glance at his watch once. But after an hour passed he started to get an uneasy feeling deep in his gut. It had only taken them thirty minutes to get up there on foot and he started to worry something had happened to Harlan. Maybe he'd fallen, or he could have made a wrong turn and lost his way.

After another hour had passed, Treston felt panicky. Harlan should have been back by now. He pictured him flat on his back with blood trickling down from his temple. He imagined him wandering lost, between rocks and ridges, trying to find his way, the poor helpless thing. So Treston put on his boots and socks and slowly made his way back down the trail to where they'd parked the Jeep. But on the way he started to experience even more panic when he realized there was no way anyone could get lost. It was a narrow trail with more than a few twists and bends, but distinctive enough to keep him on the right path. When he finally reached the spot where they'd parked the Jeep and he found it empty without a trace of Harlan or his clothes, a lump formed in his stomach and he fell down on his knees and started to sob so hard he never thought he'd stop.

Chapter Four

By the time the park ranger found him, he'd cried for so long there wasn't a tear left to spare. He was sitting on a flat rock, slumped over, with his legs folded and his elbows on his knees. He had no idea the park ranger had discovered him through a phone call from a couple of hikers that had seen him sitting there naked and crying.

The ranger approached with caution and said, "How's it going, buddy?" He spoke in a soft, gentle tone, as if he didn't know what to expect.

Treston glanced up at him and rolled his eyes. He was beyond being mortified by then. He felt absolutely nothing at all. "It's going just fine," he said. "I come out here to sit on a rock all the time and cry my eyes out. I'm just your regular crazy naked person."

The ranger looked to be in his early thirties. He had thick dark hair under his hat, a tall sturdy body, and large hands. He moved closer and squatted next to Treston. "I have a feeling that's not true. You don't look like a crazy person. Why don't you tell me what happened and I'll see what I can do?"

The last thing Treston wanted to do was repeat the story of Harlan to anyone. He'd just been dumped by the man he loved, robbed of all his savings, and left naked in the middle of nowhere. It didn't get much worse, and Treston knew he could only blame himself for being such a trusting idiot. But he also knew he had to tell the truth. If he didn't, he could wind up getting arrested for indecent exposure-or worse. He'd known gay guys who'd been handcuffed and arrested and thrown into jail for just cruising rest areas along the interstate. And most of them hadn't done anything wrong; they'd been set up by homophobic ambitious police who wanted to get promotions. So he told the ranger the entire story, all except for the blow job he'd given Harlan on the way to Hoover Dam.

When he was finished, the ranger reached out and helped him stand up. He walked him to a pick-up truck, opened the passenger door, and pulled a large red blanket from behind the seat. Then he put the blanket around Treston's shoulders and covered his naked body. As he helped him climb into the front seat he said, "I'll take you back to the station and we'll get some clothes for you. You're going to be okay, buddy."

For the first time since Treston had figured out what Harlan had done to him, he felt a wave of relief. He looked up at the ranger and said, "I'm not getting arrested? You're not going to call the police?"

The ranger smiled. "I think you've been through enough. I've seen all kinds of things in this job and I think I know how to tell the criminals from the decent people. From what I can see it looks like the only thing you're guilty of doing is being too nice. And as far as I know that's never been a crime."

If Treston hadn't cried so much, he might have started crying again. But this time it would have been for a different reason. "Thank you so much. I don't think I can ever thank you enough."

"You just have to promise me one thing," the ranger said.

"What?"

"The next time some creep asks you to take off your clothes you'll tell him to go fuck himself. Decent men don't ask nice guys like you to do things like that. Decent men treat nice guys like you with respect."

Treston smiled for the first time that afternoon. "I promise. Oh, have I learned my lesson." He didn't go into detail with the ranger because he wasn't sure if he was gay or straight. He knew straight guys got uncomfortable when gay guys talked about things of a sexual nature, even the most harmless things. He wanted to say he'd never trust another lying bastard like Harlan again. He'd never suck another dick like Harlan's again and he'd never fall in love with a man who wore sunglasses all the time. But he just nodded and said, "I think I learned my lesson once and for all today. Never trust anyone."

The ranger reached down and patted him on the shoulder. "You don't have to stop trusting everyone, man. You just have to know who to trust and who not to trust, is all. I promise you that you can always trust me."

* * * *

The park ranger brought him back to a small office where they found an overweight man sitting behind a metal desk eating doughnuts. The moment the man looked up and saw Treston enter wearing nothing but the blanket, the ranger said, "I'll tell you what happened later, Frankie. Right now I want to get this guy into some clothes and get him home. He's had a rough day."

The heavyset guy swallowed his doughnut and shrugged his shoulders. "There's an extra sweatsuit back there from nature day. It's on a shelf next to the lockers."

After Treston put on the sweatsuit, the ranger brought him back to the pick-up truck and drove him to his apartment. He put the radio on and tried to make light conversation, but all Treston did was stare down at his lap and either shrug or nod. It was getting late and he knew he had to be at work in an hour. He couldn't call the club and say he was sick, because he needed the money now more than ever before. When he thought about how that bastard Harlan had cleaned out his bank account, and with his permission, he clenched his back teeth so hard his jaw hurt.

When they reached the outskirts of town, the ranger asked, "Have you eaten today?"

Treston hadn't eaten anything; he had no appetite at all. "I'm fine. Thanks."

"I can stop for something," the ranger said.

Treston sent him a glance and smiled. "I'm okay. I just need to take a long, hot shower and forget about everything for a while." He didn't want to admit he had no money and he didn't want this nice park ranger paying for him.

Treston lived in a small apartment that had once been a motel. It had a low, square look of the 1950s, with an art deco sign out front that read, "The Desert Queen." Either the people who had turned the motel into apartments didn't care or they were too busy to notice, because they'd never even bothered to remove the "vacancy" sign below it. They painted the stucco white every year but it still had a chipped, unkempt look no matter how hard they tried. And the aqua blue front doors and trim could have been defined as either high camp or offensive. In any event, it was home and it was the only thing Treston could afford. When the ranger pulled into the parking lot, Treston felt a rush of relief pass through his entire body for the first time that day.

He pulled right up to an empty space near Treston's door. He stopped, turned off the engine, and sent Treston a sideways glance. "Are you sure you're going to be okay, buddy?"

Treston wasn't certain how he felt about anything anymore, but he turned and said, "I'm fine. I really can't thank you enough. And I'll wash the sweatsuit and bring it back tomorrow. No one's ever been this nice to me before." He laughed and tossed his head back. "I have this feeling this is the point where you're going to grab my arm, shove me down on the seat, and strangle me."

The ranger laughed and said, "You're much too cute to strangle. I wouldn't harm a hair on your sweet little head."

Treston flung him a look and smiled. This time, for the first time that day, he looked directly into his blue eyes. Treston knew for certain this park ranger was gay. No straight man ever would have said he was cute, and Treston had a feeling it was the ranger's way of letting him know without actually saying it. "You're a very nice man," he said. "I always pictured the knight in shining armor who would rescue me would be different. He would ride in on a white horse and scoop me up in his arms. I guess I have to work on that fantasy a little."

"I'm just plain old Cooper Boon," the ranger said. "I work as a park ranger and I've been on plenty of horses, but never a white one."

Treston extended his right hand and said, "I'm Treston Fair Leigh. It's nice to meet you, Cooper Boon." His name had a historic sound, as if he'd been named after some wild cowboy from the old Wild West. He probably looked great in a cowboy hat with his rugged jaw.

Cooper shook his hand and said, "It's nice to meet you, too, Treston Fair Leigh."

Treston glanced at his watch and said, "I really have to go now. I'll be late for work. I work nights and I have a very strict boss." He didn't mention what he did for a living. He knew how people often judged male strippers and he didn't feel like being judged anymore that day.

"I have to get back to the station," Cooper said. "I'm on duty until nine tonight."

"I'm sorry again you had to go through all this trouble," Treston said. "I can't thank you enough for helping me out this way. I thought that asshole had taken all my sunshine away. It's nice to see there are still some good people left in the world."

"Your sunshine?"

Treston laughed. "It's just this thing I say sometimes. I like to listen to the old song, You Are My Sunshine. And today I thought Harlan had finally taken it all away for good, until you came along."

"You're doing it again," Cooper said.

"What am I doing?"

Cooper smiled at him and said, "You're trusting me too soon. For all you know, I'm a mass murderer. I could be even worse than Harlan. You have to stop trusting people so fast."

Treston shrugged. He couldn't argue with him. He should have learned his lesson and here he was, trusting a total stranger all over again. And this time he wasn't even interested in having sex with him. "I guess I'm just a hopeless fool."

"No. Not a fool and definitely not hopeless," Cooper said. "You're just a little too nice and there's nothing wrong with that."

This was the kind of compliment that made Treston feel awkward. He didn't mind when men told him he gave great blow jobs, or that he had a tight ass. He didn't mind when men felt him up and raved about his body. Where most people would have been creeped out, he found it complimentary when he saw a man sitting below the stage where he stripped, stroking his dick while he watched Treston dance. But the moment a man started to compliment something deeper than what they saw on the outside, Treston didn't know where to run first. So he reached for the door handle and said, "I have to go, Cooper. Thanks again. I'll get the sweatsuit back to you soon."

"There's no rush, man," Cooper said. "You know where to find me."

Treston sent him one last smile and climbed out of the truck. When most of the men he knew dropped him off at his door, they pulled away before he even had a chance to get his key out of his pocket. But he didn't have his keys. They'd been in the pocket of the jeans Harlan had stolen from him. He had to reach up to where he kept an extra key hidden above the door frame. Cooper sat there waiting the entire time. He didn't pull away until he saw Treston's door was open and Treston turned back to wave.

* * * *

The first thing Treston did when inside his apartment was check out Harlan's side of the small closet they shared. The few things he'd had when Treston had met him were still hanging there. But Treston knew this didn't mean he was coming back and this had all been a huge misunderstanding. The things Harlan had left in the closet were not worth much and could be replaced easily. He didn't own socks or underwear; he'd been borrowing Treston's since he'd move in. The one thing Harlan owned he'd cared the most about, the leather jacket, he'd taken with him. Now Treston knew why he'd been wearing the heavy jacket on such a warm day. It was evident Harlan must have been planning this for a while. Treston remembered him mentioning he'd researched Lake Mead on the Internet on the way to Hoover Dam that morning. He said he'd been searching for quiet, out-of-the-way places to have sex outdoors, when he'd really been searching for a place to dump Treston and take all his money. And Treston hadn't noticed anything different about him and he hadn't seen it coming. He'd dropped his pants and removed his shirt without thinking. He felt so colossally dumb that he punched the bedroom wall and hurt his knuckles.

After he searched the apartment, the only comfort he found was when he saw his cell phone on his nightstand. He'd forgotten to bring it with him that morning to the bank. If he had taken the phone, it would have been in his pants and would be lost now.He went to work that night, as usual, and danced in a string thong in a cage above the bar. He smiled at the men below him, wiggled his hips, and bucked his pelvis for tips. He even let one guy with gray hair reach up and feel his ass for a second or two, and he wound up getting a twenty-dollar-bill for this one simple gesture.

At three in the morning, he climbed out of the cage and went back to the dressing room so he could get dressed and go home. He felt as if he were moving in slow motion and he knew he wouldn't realize he was still in shock until much later. But when he walked into the dressing room he found his boss and the gray-haired guy who'd given him the twenty-dollar tip. They were standing next to the door, speaking in low voices and talking with their hands.

When Treston's boss saw him, he winked and said, "You up for a private encore tonight?" Chickey handled situations like this with care and discretion. Although these situations were legal in some cases in Nevada, in places that were licensed for that sort of thing, they weren't in most others.

Treston stopped and glanced between the two men. He knew what his boss meant by "encore." In this club the guys who stripped were not expected to perform any extra duties-not unless they wanted to perform them. Treston's boss was an older gay man with long silver hair and too much chunky gold jewelry. He wore thick gold chains around his neck with his shirts open to his waist, gold nugget rings that seemed to weigh his bony fingers down, and shiny double-breasted suits with exaggerated lapels. All the younger guys joked he'd been caught in a time warp and his sense of style had stopped moving forward around 1976. He still drove the same white Lincoln Town Car he'd had for the past thirty-six years. When he talked about the car he laughed and told people he'd been smart enough to think ahead in 1976. He always said, "I saw the writing on the wall back then when they started coming out with these little foreign cars and all those funny foreign names, so I bought up two big white Lincolns." He drove one and kept the other in the garage for parts.

The guy with the gray hair seemed nice enough, so Treston shrugged at his boss and said, "Sure. I'm up for it, Chickey." He could use the extra money, now that he'd emptied his saving account. His boss's name was Chickey Levine. If he had a real first name Treston had never heard it. He'd only known him as Chickey. And he didn't pronounce his last name Lah-veen like most people. He pronounced it Lah-Vyne, with the emphasis on the first syllable.

Chickey smiled at the man with the gray hair and he nodded at Treston. "See me before you leave," he said.

Treston smiled. "Okay, Chickey." He knew this meant Chickey would pay him extra for giving the gray-haired guy a private show that night. They didn't have to speak about these things aloud, especially in front of a customer. Discretion was the most important word in Treston's line of work.

A private show with a client could range from anything to dancing around to licking his toes. Treston always made it clear he only practiced safe sex and didn't get into anything kinky. If they wanted kink, they had to go somewhere else. There were many things Treston wanted to experience in life, but being tied up and peed on was not one of them. In this case, all the gray-haired guy wanted Treston to do was sit on his lap and give him a hand job. When it was over, he gave Treston a fifty-dollar bill for being such a good sport and left the room without a backward glance. This didn't always happen; the men usually paid Chickey up front and Chickey would give Treston his cut after the private session. And Chickey was decent about this; he never asked the guys for a cut of the tips the clients gave them in private. Chickey treated the guys with respect because he'd once been a male stripper himself-back when male strip clubs were not easy to find.

After he showered and dressed, Treston met Chickey up front near the bar and Chickey slipped three one-hundred-dollar bills into his back pocket. Though some of the other male strippers frowned on this, and they refused to do private shows for men, they never said a word aloud about it. Treston had said no to plenty of private shows himself when he didn't feel like doing them. He liked to think of himself more as a dancer and a male model than a hooker. But once in a while he needed the extra cash, and he'd needed it more than ever. He was so thankful and so happy to get it, he hugged Chickey before he left and said, "Thanks, man. You're the best."

He felt so good he took a taxi home. He deserved it after all he'd been through that day. As he glanced out the back window at tourists and passersby on the strip, in their ill-fitted wrinkled clothes and their plastic flip-flops, and thought about his options. For now he was doing the only thing he knew how to do. He'd grown up with a mother who'd basically made a living doing the same things. After he'd dropped out of high school at seventeen to work at Chickey's club, she moved to Texas with a trucker she'd met at work. She'd kissed him goodbye and said, "I love you and I know you can take care of yourself now. I'm getting too old to dance and I need to make a life. I'll keep in touch." At the time, she was forty years old. They kept in touch once or twice a year. He didn't have any other living relatives and he couldn't look for his father because his mother didn't have a clue. The one thing that frightened him the most was he knew he would be too old to dance one day and he wasn't sure what he would do when the time came. He'd always been realistic about his options and knew he would never be a nurse, a teacher, or a dental assistant. Real-estate agent might be an option, but even this seemed so far out of his reach. His only viable option was to find the right man and marry him while he was still young enough to do it. That's what guys like him did, and they usually did it with older men who had more money than they did.

He'd laughed once when a female tourist passing through town told him he had "options" and he could do whatever he wanted to do. Oh, it was a precious little pep talk, indeed. She was a know-it-all "mom" from trendy San Francisco, in Vegas for the weekend. She had no idea Treston had just blown her so-called straight husband while she'd been playing slot machines at a casino on the strip. They were standing outside a smaller casino. Treston was looking for a breath mint. She was waiting for the husband to return from the men's room. At first, Treston did not know she belonged to the man he'd just blown. She started talking to Treston and asked what he did. He told her he was a stripper and she frowned. She put her arm around him and said, "You can be anything you want to be. You have to have hope and believe in change. And I firmly believe in the power of prayer. Jesus loves you, honey."

At the time, Treston smiled and said, "I see." He actually prayed often. But deep down he wondered about how she would have handled the same circumstances. It was easy to tell people they have options when you're being supported by a husband who'd do anything for you except tell you he liked guys to suck him off in public bathrooms. Then the husband came over to meet his wife, looking terrified when he saw Treston talking to her. Treston just smiled and walked away. He knew he could have floored her that day-rocked her world. But he'd never been a mean person. And he did take a certain amount of quiet satisfaction when he glanced back and the husband glanced back at the same time. The wife was still talking and not paying attention. The husband smiled and nodded at Treston, then turned and put his arm around his chattering wife.

When the taxi dropped him off at his apartment, he tipped the driver extra and thanked him. On the way inside, he wondered if maybe he should learn how to drive a taxi. That might be a viable option for him when he got too old to dance.

But he was so tired all he wanted to do was fall into bed. He hadn't eaten all day and he still wasn't hungry. As he crossed to the bed, he removed all his clothes. He climbed under the covers and reached for his phone on the nightstand. After he put the plugs into his ears, he switched off the light and closed his eyes. He reminded himself he had to go to the laundromat the next day, wash the sweatsuit Cooper Boon had loaned him, and return it to the ranger's station at Lake Mead. Within moments he drifted into a deep sleep. And as You Are My Sunshine played on his phone, he tried as hard as he could not to think about what had happened with Harlan Rocks, a man he knew he would never see again.

Chapter Five

Before Treston went to work the following night, he took a cab to Lake Mead and he dropped off the sweatsuit Cooper Boon had let him borrow at the park ranger's station. He'd taken the suit to the laundromat earlier that afternoon and used a special detergent and fabric softener to make it smell especially nice. Then he wrapped it in tissue paper, put it in a pale blue Tiffany's bag someone had once given him a gift in that he'd been saving for the right occasion, and added a small box of expensive chocolate truffles. No one had ever done anything this nice for him and he wanted to repay Cooper with a small gesture to show he knew Cooper had gone out of his way and that he appreciated what Cooper had done for him.

But Cooper Boon wasn't there. When Treston walked into the station, he found the same park ranger sitting behind the same desk eating a box of Oreos Hostess Twinkies instead of doughnuts. He gestured fast and said, "Please don't get up. I just wanted to return the sweatsuit I borrowed yesterday from Mr. Boon. I have a taxi outside waiting. I can't stay long." Then he set the bag on the ranger's desk and turned back toward the door.

The ranger's mouth was full and he made an attempt to speak, but before he could swallow his Oreo and say anything, Treston had opened the door and stepped out. As Treston closed the door, he sent the ranger a backward glance and said, "You will see that Mr. Boon gets this? I left a small gift for him inside." He was talking about the chocolates. After he saw the way the ranger was eating the Oreos, he wanted to make sure the chocolates would be safe.

The ranger swallowed and cleared his throat. "I'll see he gets it. He's out on horseback right now checking a few back trails. But when he comes back I'll tell him you stopped by."

"Thanks," he said, and closed the door. Treston didn't know the rangers rode horses in the trails. On the way to the cab, he had a wicked thought that made him smile. What if Cooper Boon had found him yesterday and Cooper had been on horseback instead of in his park ranger's truck? Treston would have had to ride naked on the back of the horse all the way to the park ranger's station.

When he arrived at the club he paid the driver, climbed out of the backseat, and ran to the back door where the strippers usually entered so they wouldn't have to walk through the main bar to get to the dressing rooms. He was carrying a backpack that evening because he was doing a special show that night that he only did once a week. The backpack contained his costume and a few props he needed. Treston and the other strippers didn't always dance in cages above the bar. That was only part of his job. On certain nights they were required to actually perform real dance routines, sometimes in a group and sometimes alone. And Treston had come up with an original striptease act all his own that no one else in town did or had ever thought of doing before him. As far as he knew, no other male stripper in the universe did this. He'd only seen it done once in an old movie, and even then, it had been done by a woman.

Although he wasn't best friends with all of the other guys who worked there, he was friendly with them in a way he could never quite pigeonhole. He didn't believe in getting too friendly with the other male strippers because some of them were too competitive, some of them could be arrogant, and some were just passing through to make a quick buck until something else better came along. At least, that's what they claimed. The friendship Treston shared with most of them stemmed more from a mutual unspoken understanding than anything else-even with the most arrogant, who claimed they were only stripping until something better came along. They all understood their circumstances, they knew the rest of the world judged them without thinking twice, and they seemed to all find a certain amount of solace in this unusual brotherhood because only they knew what it was like to take off their clothes for men-or do more-to make a living. And even though they would stab each other in the back at any given time, they rarely ever judged each other.

A guy everyone called J.D. was putting on a g-string when Treston set his backpack down in one of the dressing room counters. He was one of the few whom Treston had grown closer to. J.D. stood over six feet tall, had short dark hair, and spoke with a New York accent. Although his nose was a little too large, his chin a little too weak, and his hair way too short for his large ears, he had the kind of tightly defined body and long smooth legs, that brought in more than a few customers. And when J.D. put on a g-string a size too small, the junk he packed into the small pouch between his legs was so ample it took a while to make sure it would all stay in place.

Treston glanced at J.D.'s crotch and smiled. "You'd better duct tape that thing down, bud. It might fall out and knock a customer's eye out." All the male strippers at Chickey's club were well endowed. No one paid to see male strippers with little dicks. But J.D. was so well endowed they always joked about it.

J.D.'s dick was hanging from the right side of the g-string and he was packing his balls into the pouch. "Very funny. But if I don't get this thing in fast Chickey's going to kill me." Chickey would not allow the strippers to show their penises. He drew the line there; for him it was a matter of decorum and good taste-in his own words. They could strip to the most revealing g-string money could buy as long as they kept their private parts hidden at all times. And they were never allowed to converse, touch, or deal with customers in the bar on a one-on-one basis.

Though Treston was still upset about what had happened with Harlan Rocks, he'd started to feel better about it. He even thought he might hear from Harlan again. And he found J.D's g-string dilemma so amusing he couldn't stop smiling. "If you'd wear a decent-sized thong like I wear you wouldn't be having those problems."

Another stripper, a guy who went by the name Lyon Denton, passed by in his jock strap, glanced at J.D's dick, and said, "That's just vulgar. You'd better pack that thing up tight or Chickey's going to fire your ass. If your fucking pork sword falls out while you're dancing he'll come after you with a baseball bat." Lyon was a straight guy working his way through nursing school. He claimed it was better than working at Walmart for "fucking pennies." He was Treston's closest friend at the club. They often referred to each other as brothers.

J.D. tended to push things to the limit, and Chickey constantly warned him about exposing his genitals on stage. "Fuck you, dude. I'm doing my best." J.D. spread his legs and glanced down at his dick. "It's not easy when you're working with something like this." He shook his flaccid dick in Lyon Denton's direction and laughed. "But then you wouldn't know about things like that with your little dick."

Lyon stood in front of a full-length mirror, next to two other male strippers who had arrived and had just begun to take off their clothes. He flung J.D. a sideways glance and said, "Fuck you. I do just fine with what I have and I don't get no complaints from anyone. I can't help it if I'm not a mutant like you. That fucking thing should be in The Guinness Book of World Records."

If Treston ever stopped working in the strip club he knew the one thing he would miss the most would be the vicious banter between the guys before a show started. When you are in a situation where you're forced to be this naked and this exposed, you say things you normally wouldn't say under any other circumstances.

J.D. smiled and said, "That's not what your wife said the other night when I fucked her brains out."

Treston pulled down his pants and stepped out of them.

Lyon laughed and said, "You never fucked a girl in your life, cock sucker." Lyon was actually married to a woman.

J.D. ignored the comment; they were only joking around. He turned to Treston and said, "Could you give me a hand, man? I don't think I can do it alone tonight. I just got this new g-string for the show and I think I might have made a mistake."

Treston removed his shirt and walked over to where J.D. was standing. Treston was the only guy in the dressing room still wearing his underwear. This wasn't the first time J.D. had asked him for help getting ready for the show. He said, "Spread your legs a little, hold your nuts, and lean your hips forward," and then he reached down and grabbed J.D.'s dick with his right hand.

While Treston pulled the g-string's waistband with his left hand and lifted J.D.'s dick with his right so he could work it into the pouch, J.D. asked, "What's happening with you and Senator Harlan Rocks?" The other guys had never liked Harlan; they thought he was using Treston. They referred to him as "the senator" with sarcastic expressions.

Treston continued to gently push J.D's dick down into the pouch. He frowned and said, "He left me at Lake Mead yesterday." He caught J.D. and Lyon exchange a quick glance and he told them an abbreviated version of what had happened at Lake Mead. He left out the part about being naked and how Cooper Boon had found him crying on a rock. That would have been too much information to tell anyone.

Lyon crossed to where they were standing and he reached down to help Treston put J.D.'s dick into the pouch. It wasn't easy. It was the first time it had taken two of them to do this. Each time Treston thought he'd gotten J.D.'s dick in the pouch, either his balls would pop out of the right side or the head of his dick would slip out of the left.

Treston pulled J.D.'s dick all the way out and started over. "I think you might have to put on something else." It always amazed him how non-sexual these things were. The men outside in the club would probably have paid three times as much just to see what happened backstage.

"Just keep working on it," J.D. said. "I'm sure you'll get it in there."

This time Treston and Lyon exchanged a glance.

J.D. said, "Well, I guess that's the end of the senator. And I say good riddance to bad rubbish. The guy was only out for what he could bleed dry from you. He's a gonif."

"A what?" Treston asked. J.D. was Jewish and he often used Yiddish words none of them knew.

"A gonif is a fucking creep who you can't trust and never will be able to trust," J.D. said. "They'll take anything they can get, and they have no moral fiber."

Treston found that if he pointed J.D.'s dick down, and then curled it around his balls, it seemed to stay in place. Of course the sides bulged and he wasn't sure how long it would stay in place, but it was the best he could do. "He's not that bad," Treston said. "I think he just owed a few people some money and he panicked. I'm sure he'll call."

Lyon rolled his eyes. "Don't count on it, bro," he said. "And if he does call you tell him to go fuck himself." Lyon was like most of the straight guys in Treston's life: they tended to be protective toward him, as if Treston couldn't be trusted to protect himself.

J.D. glanced down between his legs and said, "I think this will work."

Lyon frowned and said, "I think you'd better put on something else. I have a thong you can borrow, man. You'll love it. I wore it already and never washed it."

Treston just gaped at what he saw. J.D.'s dick was way too large for the pouch. The sides were sticking out and J.D.'s balls were exposed. "I agree with Lyon, buddy. You'd better put on something else. This won't work out well on stage. You know how Chickey is about this stuff."

"No, it's fine," J.D. said. And to prove it, he pressed his hands to his chest and bucked his hips as if he were dancing on stage. But the second time he swung his pelvis forward, his dick fell out and slapped against his thigh.

Treston said, "Ah well."

Lyon smiled.

J.D. shook his head and said, "I guess you're right," and he pulled the g-string off. When he handed it to Lyon he said, "You can have it. Why let a perfectly good g-string go to waste? I'll wear yours instead." He didn't seem to mind that Lyon had already worn it.

But Lyon stepped back and lifted his hands, palms up. "No way, dude. I don't wear other dude's shit like that."

J.D. rolled his eyes. "You were just holding my nuts a minute ago. Seriously, man."

"That's different," Lyon said. "I'm straight. I was just helping you out. But there's no way I'm wearing something another dude's dick touched. Freaks me out, man." He turned to get his thong for J.D.

Treston smiled. They each had their quirks. "I'll take it," he said. "I'll wear it under my costume tonight." He thought it would be just the right size for him-a pouch small enough to make a great big bulge. And even if it did reveal a little too much of his dick, his unusual act focused more on his ass. He didn't mind wearing a thong another guy's dick had touched.

As Lyon turned to go back to the full-length mirror and J.D. turned to put on the g-string Lyon had just given him, the phone rang and Treston's heart stopped beating for a moment. Maybe it was Harlan. Treston had actually talked himself into believing Harlan might have regretted what he'd done at Lake Mead and he would call and beg Treston for forgiveness.

One of the new strippers answered and a second later he pointed the phone toward Lyon and said, "It's your bitch, man. She wants to know if you're available to come to the phone at this moment."

As Treston's heart sank and he turned with his head down to start putting on his costume, J.D. turned and placed is hand on Treston's shoulder. In a rare serious moment for him, he said, "You gotta let this one go, buddy. He's not worth it. Consider yourself lucky he didn't get any more from you."

Treston still believed there was a chance Harlan might call, but he didn't want J.D. to think he was a complete idiot. So he looked up and smiled. Then he reached into his bag and pulled out his newest costume for an act that seemed to drive the men in the club out of their minds. It was so outrageous, and so unusual, even the other male strippers at the club gaped at him when he did this. And Chickey found it amusing. He would sit at the bar and smile through the entire act.

* * * *

If Treston had been completely honest, he would have had to admit his unusual act was not completely original. He'd once seen a female stripper do something similar in an old movie and he'd been fascinated with it. It was one of those things that had remained alive in the back of his mind for years until he finally decided to try it himself. If there was one thing Treston had learned in the years he'd been stripping for money, it was that nothing, ever, was original. Everything was a gimmick that had been done before by someone else, then redone a hundred times again. His new act would probably be performed one day in the future by another stripper. Every move, costume, step, and turn had been used and reused. The originality came into play with how an old gimmick was orchestrated and executed in a different way.

When the Bessie Smith version of St. Louis Blues started to play, Treston strutted out on the stage twirling a baton in each hand, wearing an exaggerated costume of a male cheerleader. His top was nothing more than a tight white cotton T-shirt. But the tight shorts were white patent leather and hung so low on his small hips, about six inches of his abdomen remained exposed. He wore a large white cowboy hat and white leather cowboy boots with four-inch Western heels that had bright steel tips on each toe and real spurs at the heels.

As he strutted slowly to the beat of St. Louis Blues, twirling the batons and grinding his hips, the men who had never seen his act before sat and gaped at him. But the men who had seen his show and returned to see it again, started to bellow and cheer him on. He concentrated hard on the batons; he'd had to rehearse and watch YouTube for weeks in his apartment to learn how to twirl a baton the proper way. Each step he took had to complement each twirl and turn the batons made. He never thought he'd get throwing a baton right; he'd never realized how complicated it was to work with batons. He'd gone through three lamps, two plate glass windows, and one glass shower door while he'd been learning. His neighbors had complained to the landlord if they heard Bessie Smith singing St. Louis Blues one more time they'd wrap the batons around Treston's neck.

But he'd continued in spite of all the complaints and casualties. He'd finally learned to throw a baton so high above his head it soared through the air while the men in the audience actually glanced up and followed it until it descended and he caught it. And learning to take off his pants and his shirt hadn't been easy either. The only viable way to do this was to throw both batons up, rip off his pants, and catch the batons just in time.

He knew he had a good audience that night. When he wasn't wearing anything but the g-string J.D. had just given him, the white cowboy boots, and the white hat, he slowly twirled his way to a raised platform covered in red velvet that had been set up on the stage ahead of time. As Bessie Smith continued to sing in the background, Treston set the batons on the floor and climbed up on the platform. With his back to the audience, he went down on all fours, spread his legs as wide as he could, and arched his back. While he pointed his ass in the air, he reached down to a long thin plastic contraption filled with ping-pong balls hidden behind the platform. He lifted it up, reached around, and shoved one end of the plastic contraption up his ass. And when Bessie sang, "Like I feel today," and the men in the audience screamed out Treston's name, he pulled the trigger and the ping-pong balls starting shooting over their heads.

Learning how to shoot ping-pong balls this way had been even more difficult than learning to throw a baton and strip at the same time. In fact, he'd almost given up completely at one point after the embarrassing trip to the emergency room to have one removed. He would never forget the way the poor young doctor had looked at him that night. And when the doctor put on the rubber gloves and Treston lifted his legs and spread them, Treston couldn't look him in the eye. Not to mention the fact that Treston didn't have health insurance, and retrieving a ping-pong ball from someone's anal canal was not inexpensive. If he'd known it would cost him almost a thousand dollars to have it extracted he never would have inserted it in the first place. He was still paying twenty bucks a month for his mistake.

He finally figured out the only safe way to shoot ping-pong balls out of his ass was to buy a long thin ping-pong ball shooter on the Internet-there were several different kinds-and re-create the illusion of the women who shoot ping-pong balls out of their vaginas in Thailand. The customers didn't seem to mind his minor exaggeration. He kept ten filled ping-pong ball shooters behind the red velvet platform and each time he pulled an empty one out and inserted one that was filled, the men in the front row pounded their fists on the stage and screamed, "Deeper, deeper." What some men found so amusing about watching him stuff things up there passed him by. But he knew how to work the crowd and give those men what they wanted.

When the ping-pong ball show was over that night and he went backstage to change his clothes, the phone rang again and he stopped short in front of his locker. This time it was his cell phone, not the phone they kept backstage for the nightclub. Lyon was there changing his clothes. They exchanged a glance and Treston smiled as he reached into his bag for the phone. He was certain it was Harlan. No one else would call him that time of night. But when he glanced at the screen and saw it was one of those annoying marketing calls from somewhere in Oregon he'd been getting for a while, he kicked the bench, started to cry, and deleted every single photo he had taken of Harlan Rocks with his phone. He even removed the photo of Harlan wearing nothing but a bath towel. It had been his favorite because it was the only photo he had where Harlan hadn't been wearing dark sunglasses.

Lyon walked over to him and put his arms around him. He patted Treston on the back and said, "He's a fucking gonif, like J.D. said. You're too good for him. Trust me, buddy. I'm straight and I can tell you that some guys are fucking assholes. You need to get yourself a nice older gay guy with a few bucks who'll take good care of you and treat you right, because you're not going to be able to get by shooting ping-pong balls out of your pretty little ass forever."

Treston continued to sob. He rested his cheek on Lyon's shoulder and said, "Oh, you are so right. I'm done with men. I don't care if I never fall in love again."

Chapter Six

For weeks after that, Treston went without intimate emotional contact with another man. After he stopped expecting Harlan to phone him, he realized he had to make a few changes in his life-otherwise he would continue to repeat the same mistakes until it was too late. So he stopped dating men, flirting with men, and connecting with men altogether. The only physical contact he had with men happened at work. This was all about money and survival and Treston didn't consider it a threat to his emotional well-being or his future. He'd learned how to separate sex and love early in life, which in his line of work had always been extremely important. And in some ways it helped brace him for the changes he knew he had to make.

During the day when he wasn't sleeping he would sit in front of his computer and look for ways to make his dismal situation better. He read about employment opportunities on Craigslist, getting college degrees from online universities, and reading websites authored by life coaches. This intense online reading was how he became cyber-friends with Cooper Boon, the man who had recused him on that dark day when Harlan had left him wandering naked at Lake Mead. After Treston had returned the sweatsuit to the ranger's station, Cooper Boon had tried to get in touch with him a few times. But Treston had no interest in getting involved with anyone, not even the man who had rescued him. But when Cooper insisted on getting to know him better, Treston persuaded him to join Facebook and he said they could keep in touch this way for a while. So they wound up reading mundane status updates and communicating through private messages three or four times a week. Cooper seemed to understand and he didn't push Treston too hard. He told Treston he didn't mind at all and he liked the idea of getting to know him better through social media. He also laughed and said they were doing it the opposite way most men did it nowadays.

Cooper Boon's laid-back attitude and his patience both impressed and terrified Treston in a way he couldn't quite figure out. On the one hand it made him feel hopeful there were a few decent men left in the world. Cooper didn't seem to want to use him, and he didn't have ulterior motives. When Treston explained his past to Cooper without going into explicit detail, Cooper said it didn't bother him in the least that he was a stripper or that he'd been with a lot of other men. On the other hand, Treston was cautious, as if Cooper were too good to be true. Treston had reached the point in life where he'd stopped trusting his own instincts. Harlan Rocks had taught him more than he'd ever wanted to know about men. He realized now he wasn't getting any younger and it might be wiser for him to look for an older, established man who would take good care of him, instead of looking for love and passion.

On his way to work one quiet Thursday night in the early spring, he spotted one of those long black SUV limousines in front of Chickey's club. Although it wasn't unusual to see long black limos like this in Vegas, they didn't usually pull up to Chickey's place on a weeknight.

As he approached the entrance, before he made the turn to head down the side alley where he usually entered through the stage door, he heard a couple of men arguing. He stopped walking and glanced at the bouncer who stood at the entrance on Thursday nights, a big burly guy everyone called Mickey J. When Mickey J. saw Treston, he shrugged and smiled. It was evident Mickey J. was enjoying the argument between the two men.

Treston hadn't had much entertainment in his life since Harlan had left, so he turned toward the entrance to see what the guys were arguing about. As he approached the back of a tall man wearing a formal tuxedo, he heard the handsome young blond man standing in front of him say, "Get your fucking hands off me. I'm going home. I will never forgive you for what you did."

Than man in the tuxedo seemed nonplussed; he didn't raise his voice or make any exaggerated gestures with his hands. "I'll make it up to you, sweetheart. I swear, whatever I did, I'm sorry I did it." He gestured to the limo and reached for the young blond guy's arms. "Just get into the car and calm down. You're making a scene."

A taxi pulled up behind the limo and the young blond man jerked his arm away from the man in the tuxedo. "Here's my cab. Fuck you, Chad. You think because you're so rich and famous you can get away with anything. Well, you're not getting away with that shit with me."

Mickey J. folded his arms across his chest and smiled.

The blond man pushed the man in the tuxedo out of his way and ran to the taxi.

When the man in the tuxedo turned to follow him, Treston placed his palm to his throat and gaped at him. The guy in the tuxedo was the Chad Pratt, famous movie star-turned-entrepreneur and professional poker player/gambler, now worth billions of dollars. While Chad been working his way up the Hollywood social ladder, he'd been in the closet and he'd married and divorced two famous women. From what Treston had read in tabloid magazines, the first wife had been one of those snotty bleached blondes, famous for one hit sitcom, and the other had been a slut with dark hair who had stolen him away from the snotty bleached blonde. After Chad Pratt divorced the dark-haired actress, he started investing money in Vegas casinos and all those ticky-tacky subdivisions that now surrounded Vegas. He'd also become a professional poker player and when he gambled on anything, he rarely lost. He'd come out of the closet and told the world he was openly gay in his early forties. Although he didn't look a day over thirty-five, Treston figured Chad had to be in his late forties now. He was known around Vegas as "The Shark," because he went through young men and money like other men went through six-packs.

Though Chad had become Vegas legend, this was the first time Treston had ever seen him up close and in person. He ran over to Mickey J. and said, "Did you see who that is? It's Chad Pratt. I've seen all of his movies. Isn't he the most gorgeous man you've ever seen?"

Mickey J. lifted his huge arm and his bicep moved. He twirled his finger and said, "I'm just filled with warm melty tingles all over," in a deadpan tone.

Even though Mickey J. wasn't impressed, Treston felt lightheaded and a surge of energy rushed through his entire body. After all he'd read about Chad, and all the movies he'd seen with Chad, he couldn't believe he was finally getting a chance to see him in person.

The young blond guy climbed into the backseat of the taxi and slammed the door in Chad's face. When the taxi pulled away, Chad stepped back with both arms in the air and called out the blond guy's name. Treston wasn't sure about the name. It sounded like "Dare," and he wondered who on Earth would name a person "Dare." Maybe it was a suitable name for a horse or some other farm animal. But never a person.

As the taxi disappeared from view, Chad Pratt stomped toward the limo with tight lips and both fists in front of his stomach. Oh, Treston had never seen a more attractive man in his life. It was true what everyone in Vegas said about Chad. He was better looking in person than on the screen, and this was something not many people in films could claim. He had sandy blond hair that had begun to turn silver at the temples, a tall thin body that moved with grace, and a nose so small and elegant it almost looked feminine. But there was nothing feminine about him.

He walked toward the limo with his head up and his back squared. His blue eyes sparkled beneath the sign above Chickey's entrance that read, "Male Strippers," and a lock of sandy hair moved with a slight breeze. For a moment, Treston felt as if the world had begun to move in slow motion and he couldn't move his legs.

As Mickey J. opened the back door of the limo, Chad glanced in Treston's direction and rubbed his jaw. He looked him up and down and said, "Who are you? Are you a reporter? A photographer?"

Treston gulped. "I'm nobody special. I'm not a reporter."

Chad smiled and the world seemed to tip sideways. "Why are you standing there with your mouth hanging open? The show's over."

Treston shrugged and said, "I'm you biggest fan, Mr. Pratt. I've seen all your movies three times and you're my favorite actor." He felt his heart beating in his ears. He still couldn't move his legs.

"You work here?" Chad asked.

Treston nodded. "I'm a dancer. I was on my way inside to start my shift when I saw you."

"Chickey's an old friend of mine," Chad said. "Why don't you get into the car with me and I'll take you to dinner? I hate eating alone and you're better than no one."

"Oh, Mr. Pratt, I'd love to, but I'm late for work already. I wish I could, but I need the money." He hadn't eaten all day. He usually didn't eat until after work because he hated to dance on a full stomach. For a moment, he felt like ditching work that night and having dinner with Chad, but Chickey had been so good to him over the years, it didn't feel right.

"What's your name?" Chad asked.

"Ah well, Treston Fair Leigh."

Chad turned to Mickey J. and said, "Please tell Chickey I borrowed one of his dancers tonight, Treston Fair Leigh, and I'll make it up to him." He turned to Treston and smiled again. "Chickey will understand, trust me. We're very old friends."

Treston exchanged a quick glance with Mickey J. When Mickey J. nodded, Treston took a quick breath, pulled his backpack off his shoulder, and climbed into the backseat.

When Chad got in and Mickey J. closed the door, the driver pulled away and Treston suddenly realized he was only wearing jeans and a black T-shirt. "I'm sorry I'm not dressed for dinner," he said. "You look so nice. I'm sure you wear tuxedos all the time. The funny thing is I have black pants and a white shirt in my backpack. I was going to do a different routine tonight. If I'd known I was going to dinner, I would have changed into my costume before I left for work. I guess it's too late now. Oh, it's never easy to plan ahead for what's coming in life." In order to spice up his ping-pong ball routine, Treston had decided to wear something more formal than his male cheerleader costume. The black pants in his backpack were tighter than he normally would have worn his pants, and so was the shirt. He wanted to keep his act fresh for the customers who kept coming back to see him shoot ping pong balls out of his ass. And he was getting sick of the baton twirling himself. Another thing he'd learned over the years as a stripper at an all-male strip club: don't always use those cliched costumes that pull off at the seams too fast. The men who came to see him strip preferred it when he wore normal clothes and took his time undressing for them. There were some nights he could almost feel the energy coming from the audience as he stepped out of his pants slowly, one leg at a time. And when he pulled off his socks he swore he saw some of the older men swoon.

"Change your clothes right now," Chad said.

"Huh?"

"The windows are tinted and no one can see inside," Chad said. "You shake your naked ass for a living all the time. I don't see as how changing inside a car should be any different."

Treston saw the driver glance back at him in the review mirror and lick his lips. He was an older man with thin gray hair. "Well, it is different. I wouldn't feel right, Mr. Pratt."

Chad flung him a surprised glance. "You work at a strip club. I assume you take off your clothes every night on stage. I truly don't see how it's any different from changing your clothes right here in the car."

Treston frowned and glanced down at his lap. He didn't feel lightheaded and lucky anymore. Chad's tone reminded him of Harlan's tone and he wanted to get out of the car and go back to work. "It's hard to explain, Mr. Pratt. But it is different. When I'm up on stage there's an invisible wall between me and the audience. I'm performing and it's not real. If I started to take off my clothes now it wouldn't feel right."

Chad laughed and tapped the back of the front seat. He leaned forward and said, "Pull over and stop the car. Princess Beatrice here wants to change into her royal outfit." Then he smiled at Treston and said, "We'll get out and wait while you change, Your Highness. Is that okay?"

"Well, I guess so," Treston said. He started to wish he hadn't climbed into the car with Chad.

When the driver pulled over and the two men climbed out, Treston reached into his backpack and pulled out his black pants and white shirt. He looked around to make sure the driver wasn't watching, then took off all his clothes. It took him less than three minutes to open the back door and say, "I'm ready. You can get back in now, Mr. Pratt."

When Chad was in the car and they were moving again, he glanced in Treston's direction and said, "That's much better." Then he removed his tuxedo jacket and tie and tossed them on the floor. "We look good together. You're not bad-looking at all. You'll do very well."

"I guess I'm not as nice-looking as the blond guy who ran off in the taxi," Treston said. He'd always been his own worst critic, devoid of all pretenses. When he saw men like the perfect blond man who took off in the taxi, he often felt intimidated and wound up underestimating his own power over men.

Chad set his jaw and said, "Don't get me started on that one. I have never met a more self-centered asshole in my life. I've given him everything and look at how he repays me. Do you know why he's mad?"

Treston shrugged.

"He's pissed off because I slept with his brother," Chad said.

Treston blinked.

"I was going to ask him to marry me," Chad said. "But I'm glad I found out he's nothing but a gold-digging asshole with no feelings."

"But you slept with his brother," Treston said. He kept his voice low. He didn't want to sound critical, but if he'd had a brother and he found out his boyfriend had been sleeping with him he would have reacted the same way the blond man did. It sounded like something Harlan Rocks would have done to him.

"What's your point?" Chad said.

"Look, we don't know each other, Chad, but you do have a reputation around town," he said. "I'm not one to judge anyone. I believe in live and let live. And I'm not sticking up for the guy, but I think most people would have reacted the same way." He'd heard stories that Chad Pratt had slept with-and dumped-more than half the gay men in town.

"It's not like I killed a kitten," Chad said. "I only fucked his brother a few times."

"I'm no saint-" Treston said.

"Tell me something I don't already know," Chad said, before Treston could finish.

Treston ignored his rude comment and continued. "But I've been in love with men who've done some pretty horrible things in my time, and all I can say is one day you reach a point where you say enough is enough. That's all I'm saying now. I'm not judging. Maybe your friend reached that point when you slept with his brother. Trust me, it happens." He almost told the story of how Harlan had left him naked at Lake Mead. He stopped just in time. It was too humiliating to repeat to a total stranger.

Chad started to sulk. He kicked the front seat and said, "All I want is someone to spend the rest of my life with. Is that too much to ask?"

Though he tried to control himself, Treston laughed aloud. "Well, if that's what you want, you'd better stop sleeping with your boyfriend's brother, mister, because that's not going to get you very far."

"And you're such an expert?" Chad said. "You're stripping for men in low-end joint and probably making pennies for a living. I don't see how this qualifies you as the expert on how to fall in love and spend the rest of your life with the same man."

Treston sat back and smoothed out his tight black pants. He took a quick breath and smiled. He didn't know what came over him when he said, "I might not be an expert on living happily-ever-after," he said. "But, just so you know, there's nothing you can say or do to me that hasn't already been done twice before by other men just like you. The only difference between you and them is you're more talented and you're smarter, and, you're better looking and have more money. I'll give you that. But deep down, you're just like the rest of them: a snake in the grass, a shark at the bottom of the ocean. And I'm not saying this in a mean way. I'm really not, because we don't know each other. I'm just being honest because you started this conversation, not me. You can't help yourselves, men like you. You see nice guys like me and you zoom in on them and do whatever you want. You insult us, you treat us like dirt, you grind us down and rub our faces in your emotional dysfunction and we take it all the time. We're partly to blame. You know you can get away with it and you continue to do it time and again because nice guys like me let you do it. It's like we can't wait to be kicked around, stepped on, and left naked at Lake Mead. But we eventually get tired. That's all I'm saying."

"You don't know what you're talking about," Chad said. "I'm not like those other men you mentioned. I treat my all my boyfriends very well. I give them anything they want."

"Ha! And you sleep with their brothers." Treston surprised himself. He never spoke this way with anyone. He hadn't felt this good in months.

"I could stop this car and put you out right now," Chad said.

Treston laughed again. "Go ahead. Be my guest. I'm happy to tell you I honestly don't care. And I'll tell you something else I wasn't going to tell you. My last boyfriend cleared out my bank account, took me to Lake Mead for a romantic hike, and left me stranded and naked in the woods. If you put me out, I'll figure out a way to get back to the club and I'll be okay. That's an interesting feeling, Chad, when you know that no matter what happens, you're going to be okay. Like I said, there's nothing on Earth you can do to me that hasn't been done before. So pull over and let me out if that's what you want."

"If you're so hateful toward men like me, why did you agree to come?"

Treston thought about this for a moment. He didn't want to insult Chad; he only wanted to be honest. "Well, you asked me to come. I didn't know anything about you. And I'm not hateful toward you, or toward any other men. I actually feel sorry for you all. As for me getting into your car tonight, I'm a fan. I don't dislike you and I'm not judging you. I really do love your work and what you've accomplished. But I also know I can live with or without your type, Chad." He leaned toward him and rested his palm on the back of Chad's hand. "I'm only trying to be honest. I know the only reason you asked me to come with you is because your ego was bruised and you think you might get into my pants tonight. I know you can't help yourself."

Chad flung him a glance. "Is there anything so wrong with that? You're an attractive man, and I have needs. I know I'm older and I have to compete with much younger men all the time. And they seem to be getting younger by the day lately."

Treston almost felt sorry for him. He detected a familiar hint of fear in his voice. But not quite. "Oh, you're good. But if you think I'm going to fall for a sob story, you have another thing coming. Pardon the cliche, but I've been down that road before, too. You know damn well you're extremely attractive and you know you can still get any man in town into your bed. You don't look a day over thirty-five. And those streaks of silver only make you better looking. So save that one for the next poor sonofabitch that comes along, because I'm not buying into it."

"You like the silver?" Chad asked. "Dare always told me I should dye it."

So the blond guy's name was actually Dare. After Treston cringed, he shrugged and said, "The silver only makes you even more attractive. And don't you ever think of coloring it."

Chad sent him a glance. "I guess it doesn't matter one way or the other, because I know I'm going to get into your pants regardless of this conversation. You love dick, and you love men like me."

"You're right about that," Treston said. "We all have our flaws and I'm at least willing to admit mine. But don't expect anything emotional from me. In spite of your blue eyes and sexy silver streaks, and everything else about the way you look, I know a guy who is up to no good. And if you do get into my pants tonight at some point, as you so crudely put it, it's because I let you get into my pants and it's because I do like dick. I'm not afraid to admit it. It's a choice I made because I wanted to do it, and not because you wanted me to do it, pal."

"You're trouble."

"Ha. You make me smile."

Chad looked into his eyes. "Did someone really take your money and leave you naked at Lake Mead?"

"I'd rather not talk about it. What's done is done."

"You're wrong about one thing," Chad said. "I really do worry about getting older and I worry about that day when I'll be too old. I know I'm only hanging on right now by a thin thread. One day soon I'll wake up and be too old. And guys like you will only be with me for the money, not the dick. No one likes tea-bagging an old man's nuts unless there's something fundamentally wrong with them. And it's damn scary when you're on a twenty-four-hour cycle."

"What's a twenty-four-hour cycle?"

Chad pointed to his crotch. "I used to be able to get it up every twenty minutes, then it turned into every two hours, and now I'm on a twenty-four-hour cycle. It sucks."

Treston wished he could feel sorry for him, but he couldn't forget all the times men like Chad had screwed him over. The best he could do was squeeze his hand and say, "Welcome to the club, Mr. Pratt. We all worry about that." Treston figured he had worse problems than a sexy billionaire who could get anything or anyone he wanted, and he wasn't in the mood to hear Chad's lame complaints.

Chapter Seven

The driver pulled up to a small restaurant hidden between two high-profile casinos Treston had heard about from a few of his wealthier clients at the strip club. It was one of the few discreet places in Vegas that didn't cater to families and tourists with early bird specials. There was nothing Disney World about it. You couldn't just walk in and get a table on a whim. They didn't open the door until nine o'clock each night. And because it was so small and so exclusive, they only took reservations a month in advance.

They did take a few people in without reservations or questions, and Chad Pratt was one of them. When the driver pulled up to the door, Chad grabbed Treston's hand, pulled him out of the backseat, and led him into the restaurant. They sailed through the front door, where Chad and a man in a dark suit exchanged a quick nod. The moment they entered the main dining area, a handsome young man in white pants and a black shirt escorted them through an indoor container garden of tall palms in gilded cache pots to a small private table at the back of the restaurant. The Louis IV chairs had fruitwood trim and had been upholstered with a soft snow leopard print.

Though it was one of the smallest most private restaurants Treston had ever seen, he had a feeling if he spoke above a stage whisper everything he said could be heard from one end of the room to the other. Aside from the low-pitched murmurs coming from the people at other tables, the only sound Treston heard was a soft jazz version of an old song called The Glory of Love. He knew the song because it had been featured in one of his favorite old films, Guess Who's Coming to Dinner, with Katharine Hepburn. Although he wasn't huge fan of jazz as a rule, the familiar melody calmed him and helped him concentrate on not making a fool of himself in a place where he never imagined he would be dining a celebrity billionaire.

He watched as Chad sat down, opened his white linen napkin, and set it on his lap. He did the same thing, but almost knocked over a wine glass in the process. Chad grabbed it just in time. He sent Treston a look and said, "I'll order for you. The pate de foie gras tout court is phenomenal. And for a main course we'll have the escargot. I hope you don't mind. I prefer ordering two appetizers instead of an appetizer and a main course. I've learned how to eat less in order to maintain a halfway decent body at my age." He laughed and shook his head. "I'm a little quirky when it comes to food, but I'm holding on to the remnants of the body I had twenty years ago by a very thin string. Younger men never seem to get this."

Treston thought it was interesting the way Chad could be so selfish and arrogant, then say something so self-deprecating. So he smiled and said, "I'm fine with that. Order whatever you want." He leaned in closer so no one would hear him. "I watch my diet, too. Trust me, honey, when you have to take off your pants and shake your ass around to make a buck, the last thing you eat is too much garlic bread with your pasta fagioli."

Chad laughed. "At least you have a sense of humor."

Treston shrugged. "Why would you think I didn't? I'm always making jokes. Everyone who knows me loves my sense of humor. Just the other day..." He stopped talking and sat back.

"What's wrong?" Chad asked.

"I have this tendency to talk too much sometimes," Treston said. "My ex-boyfriend, Harlan Rocks, the one who left me stranded at Lake Mead, once said the only way to shut me up is to stick a dick in my mouth." When he realized what he'd just said, he stopped talking again and frowned. "See what I mean? It's something I'm working on. I not only talk too much, but sometimes I say inappropriate things without realizing it."

Chad smiled. "I've been told I don't talk enough. It's something I've been meaning to work on when I get around to it. And for the record, feel free to talk all you want and say anything you want. It's impossible to shock me, and I learned how to tune out years ago when I worked for a director who wouldn't shut up. Half the time I don't listen to anyone anymore."

Another waiter walked up to the table and set two extra-large martini glasses in front of them. Without even asking for a menu, Chad ordered for them both, in French, and told the waiter to bring their best bottle of Pouilly-Fuisse. Before the waiter left, he glanced at Treston and asked, "Would you like anything else?"

Treston had just taken a sip of his martini and he'd been caught off guard. The martini went up his nose, he started choking, and managed to say, "I'm good, thanks." He had no idea what Pouilly-Fusse was and didn't dare try to pronounce it.

Although Treston had no idea what Chad had ordered, he smiled a lot and ate everything the waiter put in front of him. The first appetizer reminded him of chopped chicken liver from a Jewish deli near his apartment and he wished he had a few saltines and some chopped onion to help it go down. The second dish tasted a little like mussels, but chewier and with not as much flavor. A little ketchup would have done wonders for that mess. When Chad asked how the escargot was, he faked a smile, forced himself to swallow, and said, "Tasty," and washed the chewy mess down with a glass of Pouilly-Fuisse. He would have preferred pizza and fried mozzarella sticks, but he didn't want to seem ungrateful. Besides, the atmosphere and the Pouilly-Fuisee made up for what the chewy snails lacked in taste.

During dinner, he listened to Chad complain again about the blond guy who had left in the taxi earlier that evening. "I just don't get him. He could have had the world. All he had to do was ask and I would have given it to him. And how does he repay me? By dumping me in the street in front of a low-class strip club." When he realized what he'd said about Chickey's place, he corrected himself, "You know what I mean."

"You don't have to apologize," Treston said. "I know where I work, I know what I do to make a living, and I know it's not the most respectable place in Vegas. But frankly, Chad, if you don't mind my saying so, I think you have a lot to learn about good manners."

Chad blinked. "What do you mean?"

Treston reached for his wine glass, finished off what was left to wash down the last forkful of chewy escargot, and said, "All I'm saying is you haven't stopped harping about the blond with the funny name, and I have to tell you it's getting a little tired now. Seriously, man. It's a little insulting, too. And for someone who doesn't talk much, you seem to be talking a lot tonight." He leaned forward, looked into Chad's eyes, and held his hand. "Look, I know how hard it is for selfish men like you to understand empathy. Lord knows I've been with enough of them. I could write a fucking book about it. But just try for a moment to understand how I feel right now. I'm sitting across from you and we're on what most people would call a date, and you've completely ignored me and done nothing but talk about the asshole that left you earlier this evening. Now, I know I don't have the best social skills in the world. I just ate a dinner and I don't know what the fuck I swallowed. But I do know it's not polite to spend the night talking about another man when you're out with someone else. Not to mention how fucking boring it is."

"Well, I guess that's a first," Chad said, lifting his chin. "I've never been accused of talking too much."

Treston leaned closer. "I was ready to shove a dick in your mouth." Then he smiled to show he was only joking around.

Chad hesitated for a moment; he didn't seem amused. He sat back, smoothed out his napkin, and said, "I'm very sorry you find me boring."

Treston rolled his eyes. "Oh, here we go again. Don't start pouting. I didn't say you were boring. I think you're probably the most interesting man in Vegas. I said talking about what happened tonight with the blond is boring. Don't take it so personally, Chad. I know that's not easy for men like you. But maybe it's time to make a few changes in your life. I've been thinking a lot about this recently and I know it's not easy. I saw a guy the other day with ripped jeans, tons of tattoos on his arms, and the sexiest scruffy beard I'd ever seen. He was wearing a black leather jacket and big dark glasses. I wanted to run up to him, yank down his pants, and swing from his dick. He knew what I was thinking, too. He saw me cruising him. Guys like him see guys like me and they know they can get whatever they want. But I stopped myself just in time. Instead of going over to him like I would have done in the past, I continued walking and didn't look back once. It's not easy to change, but I'm determined to do it. I'm sorry if I'm talking too much again. Feel free to tell me to shut up at any time."

Chad seemed more than interested now. He leaned forward and rested his elbows on the white linen tablecloth. "And how are you going to change? Have you suddenly lost interest in men with scruffy beards and tattoos?"

Treston laughed. "Not exactly. I wish it were so simple. I'll always have a weakness for men who are assholes. It's my biggest flaw and I know that's not going to change. But I think I can change how I react to them. I don't plan on being a stripper forever."

"Is that all you do at the club is strip?" Chad asked.

"Don't get coy with me, Chad," Treston said. "You know that's not all I do, so let's not play games. I told you I wouldn't judge you for sleeping with your boyfriend's brother, so please don't judge me for what I do to make a living. It's honest work, I know how to be a professional, and I'm very good at what I do."

"I'm not judging you," Chad said. "I had to do a few things myself when I was younger. In Hollywood no one becomes a star by being Mr. Nice Guy, and that's not a cliche. It's a fact."

"Let's not get off track," Treston said. "We're talking about change."

"It doesn't sound like you're planning to change much," Chad said.

"I'm looking for a job in an office," Treston said. "I'm not qualified for anything, but I know the right thing will come along soon. If you think about something you want long enough, I find it always comes to you. The secret is to think about things that matter and really believe in them. In the past I always thought about scruffy guys with tattoos and they always came to me. I figure if I stop thinking about them and start thinking about a job in an office, the same thing will happen."

As one of the young male waiters passed the table, Chad turned and watched his ass jiggle in the tight white pants. Treston made a face and said, "You see? That's what I mean about rude. In case no one ever mentioned this before, you don't stare at other men when you're with someone. It's cute for bad boys, but it's bad manners. You don't see me doing that to you. I would never insult you in such a way. As far as I'm concerned, you're the only man in the room right now."

Chad laughed and threw his head back. "That's because there aren't any guys in here with ripped jeans, scruffy beards, and tattoos. They're all too clean for your taste."

Treston looked up at the ceiling and said, "I hate to admit it, but I guess you have a point."

"You think you know me so well," Chad said. His voice sounded playful now. "Well, just so you know. I know you just as well. You look for trouble, and if there's not enough drama in your life you create it. It's a sport-or even an addiction. You need thoughtless, inconsiderate, rude men like me in order to survive. And when you get one, you spend all your time complaining about it and trying to change us."

Treston felt a sting in his gut, and it wasn't from the escargot. "You may be right about most of that," he said. "But you're wrong about the last thing. At least, with me you're wrong. I know no matter what, there's no way I'd ever try to turn someone like you into a sensitive, caring man. It took a while to figure this out, but I finally learned the hard way. From now on, I think of guys like you as nothing more than studs. Walking penises. And when it comes to men I want to marry and spend the rest of my life with, I want one who rides horses, reads books at night, and knows how to chop his own wood. A real gentleman." He'd taken all this from the private messages he'd been sharing with Cooper Boon on Facebook. Cooper was the man he'd just described to Chad and he hadn't even realized he done it until he'd finished speaking.

"I think you're wrong this time," Chad said. "There's no way a guy like that could ever make a guy like you happy. After one week of him chopping wood and riding horses and all that gentleman shit, you'd be out looking for the first bad boy walking down the street. You need the drama. Without it you'd never survive."

Treston didn't agree with Chad, but he knew deep down it would be impossible to argue with him. Men like Chad Pratt didn't back down, and they always had to have the last word. Of course, spoiled, self-consumed men like Chad Pratt didn't realize that sometimes the unspoken last word could be more intense than anything said aloud. So Treston smiled and said, "I'd like to thank you for dinner. I actually had a good time tonight. I have never been this honest with anyone. I don't know what's gotten into me."

Chad stood up and said, "I'm not sure what's gotten into you either. But let's go back to my place and I'll show you what's going to get into you tonight." He lifted his hands and smiled. "That is, if you're willing to agree to it. I know you said sleeping with me has to be your choice. Heaven forbid I should be accused of sneaking into your pants or forcing you into anything. I wouldn't want to be blamed for taking advantage of your sensitive, emotional nature."

Treston stood up and smiled. He looked him in the eye and said, "Don't be an asshole, Chad."

Chad reached out and set his palm on the small of Treston's back so he could lead him out of the restaurant. "I have to be an arrogant asshole. If I'm not, you won't be interested in an old man like me."

As Chad guided him out of the restaurant, the people at the other tables glanced sideways to watch them leave without being too obvious about it. Treston knew they were looking, and he knew what they were thinking. They all must have been wondering who was this young trick in tight black pants with billionaire Chad Pratt, the Vegas Shark, and probably figured Treston was another one of Chad's recent conquests. Treston didn't care. He figured he'd never see any of them again and he'd never be in that restaurant again. The one thing he did wish was that his friends at Chickey's could see him with Chad Pratt. He hoped Mickey J. would tell someone he'd seen Treston leave with Chad. At least Mickey J. had seen him actually get into the car with Chad. When he told all his friends about it the next night he would have to get Mickey J. to back up his story, to prove he wasn't lying.

When they were in the limo, Chad climbed on top of him in the backseat and started to kiss him without warning. Treston tried to push him away at first, but the harder he pushed, the more aggressive Chad became. There was nothing violent or abusive about Chad. Though he pushed with force, he kissed gently and his lips were soft and smooth. He knew how to move his tongue without being vulgar or intrusive. When he caressed the back of Treston's head with his strong hand, he set off an explosion deep in Treston's body that caused and instant erection in his tight black pants. Treston knew Chad had the same reaction when he felt something hard poke his right hip.

When Treston asked, "What about your driver?" He was flat on his back with his legs in the air and his arms around Chad's shoulders.

Chad said, "He's been with me for years and he's very discreet. I trust him completely."

They were still making out in the backseat when the car pulled up to a large Spanish mansion in a part of town where Treston had never spent much time. He'd lost track of where they'd been going. When he sat up he smoothed out his shirt, pulled up his pants, looked out the window, and gaped at the front entrance. He'd read about Chad Pratt's estate; he'd heard there was nothing else like it in Las Vegas. The dark stained double front doors alone had to be at least ten times larger than most normal front doors. The two massive lion statues on either side, with their heads thrown back and their mouths wide open, looked more like they belonged in front of a public library in a big city than a private home in the desert.

Chad got out first and reached inside to help Treston. He put his arm around him and led him to the front door. Chad opened the front door and gave him a gentle push. When Treston stepped into the entrance hall he didn't know where to look first. The bronze and crystal chandelier suspended from the three-story ceiling sparkled, the beige and black marble floors shined so they looked slippery. The artwork in gilded frames that hung on the walls had a modern abstract quality that seemed to contrast with the rest of the formal look. The painting of red cubes and circles that hung over the walk-in hall fireplace was so huge Treston doubted it would get through the front door of his own small apartment.

Chad closed the front door and put his arm around him again. "Home, sweet home, be it ever so humble."

Treston's mouth hung open; he had one hand on his stomach and the other on his chest. "It's amazing. I've never seen such a mix of so many beautiful things before." Although the Spanish influence continued inside, there were French tables, Jacobean chairs, and stark modern sculptures on pedestals. He'd read somewhere Chad was into architecture and design.

Chad guided him toward a grand staircase with hand-carved balustrades in the middle of the hall and said, "I'm eclectic."

"Do you take something for that?" Treston asked. He didn't want him having a seizure that night.

Chad laughed. "It's not a sickness. It means I like to mix different things up and my taste varies. I'm unusual."

Treston flung him a glance and said, "Oh, I'm sure you are." He should have known what the word meant. He made a mental note to remember it: eclectic.

When they reached the second floor, a very old man in a white jacket who reminded Treston of Alfred Hitchcock met them in the hallway and Chad said, "I don't want to be disturbed."

Treston figured the old guy had to be the butler. He nodded at Chad, looked Treston up and down with disdain, and said, "Yes, sir."

Then Chad led Treston to another set of oversized double doors at the end of the hall and escorted him into a large master suite filled with so many interesting objects Treston's jaw dropped again. The floors were black marble; the walls a dozen shades of gray. The statues in this room, unlike the modern statues in the main hall downstairs, had a more classic European look with nude men that had leaves over their dicks and nude women with tiny breasts and huge rear ends. And the framed photos that hung on the walls were all of Chad Pratt. There were images of him standing with other film stars, important politicians, and famous singers. There were framed magazine covers and images of Chad at red-carpet events. In a large glass curio cabinet on the left side of the room, Treston noticed a group of statues and plaques. He figured they were all awards Chad must have won.

He'd been so busy gaping at the walls, he hadn't noticed Chad had crossed to the bed and stripped down to his boxer briefs. When Treston finally did look at him, Chad spread his arms and said, "I hope I didn't disappoint you. A forty-seven-year-old body isn't like a twenty-five-year-old body."

Treston looked him up and down and smiled. He slowly walked over to the bed and ran his fingers up and down Chad's torso. He looked every bit as good without his clothes as he did in them, which was something Treston had learned didn't happen with most men. It was obvious he worked out on a regular basis. His chest muscles were firm and round, his stomach had defined lines and crevices, and his lower torso had those prominent long muscles that pointed downward to his crotch. Treston kissed his chest and said, "I hope you're joking around, because you're truly one of the sexiest men I've ever seen in underwear. Actually, you're all man." His right hand went lower and he slid it into Chad's boxer briefs. He wrapped his fingers around Chad's semi-erection and said, "And this is the perfect complement."

"I don't believe you," Chad said. "Young men say things like that to wealthy older men to get what they want all the time."

Treston looked into his steel blue eyes and said, "But you're wrong again. There's a difference now. I truly, seriously do not want anything from you, so I have to be telling the truth, otherwise there would be no point in saying it."

"Maybe you're just kinky and you like that old skin," Chad said. "I've heard about young guys who are only attracted to men with wrinkles and sagging asses."

"I'm not one of them," Treston said. The energy between them seemed to fill the room. It made the air thicker and Treston felt himself breathing faster. Though Treston had been attracted to men this way before, one thing seemed to make this different from all the rest. Each time their eyes met, neither of them seemed able to turn away fast enough.

"I'm starting to think you're the dangerous one," Chad said. "You seem to know just what to say and just how to say it."

"You know what I think?" Treston said.

"What?"

"I think we should stop talking now and you should do what you do best."

Chad reached up and caressed his cheek. "What do I do best? I want to hear you say it aloud."

Treston kissed the center of his chest and glanced up slowly without lifting his head. "You take complete control and you don't stop until you get what you want. Just like every bad boy I've ever known."

"I thought you didn't want to be with bad boys anymore."

Treston licked his chest this time. "I didn't say that. All I said is I'm not falling in love with bad boys anymore. There's a difference."

Chapter Eight

They fell onto the bed and started to kiss again. This simple act alone took on unusual characteristics for Treston, because most of the men he'd fallen in love with in the past had not been interested in kissing or making out. Most didn't even care about foreplay all that much. The first time Treston had had sex with Harlan Rocks, it lasted all of twenty minutes. And it wouldn't have lasted that long if Harlan had been able to find a condom faster. Being with Chad made Treston wonder if he'd been wasting his time on being in love. He was determined not to fall in love with Chad, and if sex without love could be this good, he might have underestimated it.

As they kissed, Chad explored as much of Treston's body as he could without changing positions. Though Chad kissed gently, he moved his hands with the kind of firmness that made Treston feel as if he'd turned into a soft lump of dough that could be molded into any shape Chad wanted. His arms remained around Chad's shoulders and the most he did was caress the back of Chad's soft, sandy blond head.

After they made out on the bed, Chad got up, lowered the lights, and removed his boxer briefs. They gazed at each other from opposite ends of the bedroom, and Treston got up on his knees in the middle of the bed and slowly removed his clothes while Chad stood there and watched him. When Treston removed his shirt, he noticed the way Chad's eyes went down and how his lips pursed a little. Then Treston took off his shoes and socks and stood up on the bed. When Treston opened his pants and slid them down his smooth legs, he watched Chad bite his bottom lip and clench his fists against his narrow hips just below those adorable lower stomach muscles.

When Treston was naked, he went down on the mattress and climbed under a silky black cover that made his body shiver for a second. He pulled the black cover up to his neck and watched Chad slowly walk toward the bed. Without shoes or socks, Chad seemed to walk on the balls of his feet in an elegant, athletic way. Where most people have a slightly asymmetrical look when they are naked, Chad Pratt's naked body looked perfectly symmetrical. Even at forty-seven years old, there was nothing imperfect about him. Treston had read more than once that part of Chad's success had been a result of the camera loving him. There were directors who'd begged to work with him just because of the magic that happened the moment a camera caught a glimpse of him.

Chad slowly climbed into bed and pulled the black cover down enough to expose most of Treston's body. He glanced at him and said, "I'll bet you're very successful as a stripper."

Treston moved his hand forward and grabbed Chad's erection. He pulled gently and said, "I have a feeling you'd be even more successful if you decided to strip."

"I'm too old," Chad said. He moved forward on his knees and spread his legs a little. "They only want young stuff like you. That's the only reason I'm with you right now, you know. I wouldn't want to be with a guy my age. I don't like that old skin."

Treston pulled harder. He wanted Chad in bed, under the cover and on top of him. He smiled and said, "Shut up, get under the cover with me, and wrap that old skin around me. I haven't had this much fun in a long time and I'm not going to waste a minute of it."

Chad smiled and settled himself in the middle of the bed so he would be up against Treston. Before Treston could even pull the cover up, Chad started kissing him again and they wound up making out in each other's arms even longer than the first time. Nothing was rushed about it; they moved slowly and continued to joke around with each other the same way they'd been joking all night. They shared a natural connection and seemed to be able to say anything to each other without it sounding offensive. Chad told Treston he had the kind of soft body dirty old men liked to take advantage of. He even laughed and said that if Treston gained a little weight and his ass got fat, men would still want to fuck him senseless. Treston knew he was joking and he laughed with him. If anyone other than Chad had made a comment like this, he would have been offended. Treston got in a few shots of his own as well. At one point, while his legs were spread and Chad was exploring a soft spot between his legs, he gently bit Chad's shoulder, inhaled his clean masculine scent, and said, "That old skin really tastes good. I can't wait to taste that old dick. I hear there's nothing like a dick that's almost a half-century old."

Chad laughed and took no offense. He seemed to know Treston was only joking around, too. He grabbed the back of Treston's head. "If you like old dick, I've got just the thing for you." Then he pushed Treston's head under the covers and shoved Treston's face between his legs.

The second Treston's lips met the head of Chad's dick, Treston opened his mouth and sucked him in so fast Chad's legs shuddered. Although Treston had sucked bigger, thicker dicks, and he'd blown men of all ages in his line of work, what Chad had between his legs tasted so good and fit so well in Treston's mouth he could have remained with his head under the covers for the rest of the night. He licked slowly and took his time examining every inch. With each breath he took he inhaled Chad's scent and waited to exhale. The man even smelled perfect: a spicy cross between musky aftershave and damp linen. It was a nice change of pace after the bitter smell he'd never complained about between Harlan's legs. When he sucked Chad's balls, he stroked him gently at the same time. He became so intoxicated with everything that was so wonderful about this man, he stopped paying attention to Chad's reactions and almost got him off with his mouth under the covers. He wouldn't have minded. He wanted to taste him and he wanted to please him.

But a few minutes after he tasted the first drops of pre-come, Chad pulled the cover off and grabbed the sides of his head. Chad's dick was still in Treston's mouth, and he glanced up without moving his head. Chad made a face and said, "You gotta stop, man. I'm close and I wanna fuck."

Treston tried to smile, but it wasn't easy with a mouth full of dick. He shook his head no and pressed his tongue harder against the bottom of Chad's shaft.

Chad's legs opened wider and he tried to sit up. He was still holding Treston's face when he said, "Seriously, man. I can't hold back. You have to stop right now." He started to laugh. "Let go or I'm going to come and it's going to be your fault."

Normally, Treston would have stopped. He wanted Chad to fuck him and he usually responded well to the orders men gave him in bed. But he found all this so amusing, and the look on Chad's face was so adorable, he pushed Chad's hands away from his head and started sucking his dick even harder.

Though Treston had been through a lot in the past, and with more men than he could count, he'd never had man come and laugh at the same time. He'd been with men who'd cried after they came; he'd been with men who'd screamed, cursed, and grunted. One guy he'd known had whistled when he climaxed, and a German tourist once yodeled. But Treston had never with a man who'd laughed out loud the moment he blew his load. And even though Chad tried to control himself to the point where his face turned red and he looked as if he was in serious pain, he eventually realized Treston had no intention of letting go and he stopped fighting him.

The instant the head of Chad's dick expanded in Treston's mouth, Treston glanced up to see what was happening. As he continued to suck without breaking the momentum, Chad's legs shuddered again, his upper body jerked forward, and his arms went up above his head. He was shaking his head and saying no but he wasn't fighting Treston anymore. When he came, his face turned red and he laughed so hard Treston had to keep himself from laughing right along with him.

A second later, Chad fell backward and took a deep breath. While Treston continued to suck, he grabbed the back of Treston's head and shook it gently. "That wasn't fair. You're an evil little person. You know I'm not as young as I used to be and I wanted to fuck you. I might not be able to get it up again as fast as you'd like. I told you I'm on a twenty-four-hour cycle."

Chad seemed so preoccupied about his age and how long it took to get it up again, Treston felt a tug in his heart. Treston didn't want to put that kind of pressure on the man. He stopped sucking, climbed up on Chad's body, and straddled his waist. He reached out with both hands and held Chad's face. "I wanted you to come that way. I don't give a damn how long it takes for you to get it up again. I really don't mind. I have never seen anyone come and laugh at the same time and I think it's adorable. For a first-rate asshole, you have a damn nice sense of humor."

Chad blinked. "Well, that's another first. I've been called a lot of things by a lot of people, but never adorable, especially not in bed. I'm not sure whether or not to take it as a compliment or an insult. Are you making fun of an older guy?"

Treston caressed his face and smiled. "It's a compliment. But just so you don't worry, I'll put it a different way. I've never seen an insensitive, thoughtless asshole like you come and laugh at the same time." He leaned forward and kissed his chest. "Is that better?"

"I can live with it," Chad said. "But now I feel guilty because you didn't get off. I was planning to fuck your brains out, bitch."

Treston waved his arm; he knew he was joking again. "Oh, don't worry. I'm fine."

Chad laughed and slapped his ass. "I could pee on you."

Treston's eyebrows arched. "I could kick you in the ass."

"Calm down. I'm only joking. I'm not into pee either. I just thought you might be."

Treston shook his head. "Nope. Not my thing, bud. I don't judge, but I'd rather sit through a Broadway musical than be peed on, thank you."

"What kind of a fag are you?" Chad asked. "You don't like Broadway and you're not into piss."

"I'm the kind of fag who knows who he is," Treston said.

Chad laughed. "I could fuck you with a dildo."

"That could be fun," Treston said. "But I'd rather wait until you get your tired old dick up again."

Chad smiled. "Oh, that was brutal. I should spank you for that."

Before Treston could reply, there was a loud knock on the door and someone shouted, "Are you there, sweetie-pie? It's pussycat. Please open the door. I'm so sorry for what happened before."

Treston said, "Who's sweetie-pie?"

A look of panic fell across Chad's face. "It's Dare," he said. "He's the blond guy you saw earlier who left in the taxi outside Chickey's club."

Treston laughed. "He calls you sweetie-pie?"

"I'll be right there, pussycat," Chad said. "Just wait a minute."

Treston started to laugh. "And you call him pussycat? Oh, this is rich."

"Don't be nasty," Chad said. "He's a very sweet guy. And you have to hide in the closet or he's going to kill us both. He has a jealous streak."

Treston sighed and climbed off Chad's body. While Dare continued to knock on the door, he gathered his clothes and his backpack and sent Chad an exasperated glance. "Don't worry, sweetie-pie. I know the drill. You don't want pussycat to find out I'm here and I have to be a good boy and hide."

Chad climbed out of bed and grabbed a pair of black sweatpants he'd left hanging over a zebra-print chair. He put them on fast and said, "I'm sorry, but you knew I was involved with someone."

Treston closed his eyes and shook his head. "I thought it was over tonight. Obviously you didn't, which is typical of your type. Calm down, big boy. I'm not upset. I told you I didn't expect anything from you and I meant it. I'm not getting mixed up with assholes like you anymore, no matter how tempting it is. We had a little fun, you have a nice dick, and now it's over. You can tell little pussycat anything you like for all I care."

Chad crossed to where he was standing and hugged him. "Thanks, man. I owe you one. He's really someone I think I could marry and I don't want to screw it up again."

Treston stepped away from him and moved toward the closet door. He sent him a backward glance and said, "Then I have two pieces of advice for you. First, don't fuck his brother again. That's just wrong all the way around, man. Second, stop fucking around with guys like me if you really want a lasting relationship with him. You might be adorable and irresistible on the outside, and you might have more money than anyone in Las Vegas, but you're getting too goddamn old to be an asswipe and it's going to catch up with you."

He turned and went into the closet before Chad could respond. If he'd known Chad and the blond guy hadn't broken up for good that night, he would never have climbed into the car with him earlier. Treston had done a few things he wasn't proud of, but cheating with another man's man was not one of them. Now he was glad they hadn't fucked. At least the only sex they'd had had been unreciprocated oral.

After Treston put on his clothes-he put the jeans and casual shirt on instead of the tighter things he'd worn to dinner-with care so he wouldn't make any noise, he sat close to the door so he could listen to Chad and the blond guy. He figured he had every right to eavesdrop; Chad had invited him there and he didn't know the blond guy would show up. He also had a feeling it would be very entertaining.

When Chad opened the door, Treston heard the blond man rush into the room and say, "Oh, sweetie-pie, I'm so sorry. I never should have left you like that. Can you ever forgive me?"

"Calm down, pussycat," Chad said. "I forgive you."

Treston put two fingers in his mouth and pretended to gag. Between their fake affectionate tones and the pussycat/sweetie-pie bullshit, he felt like heaving the escargot.

"I forgive you, too," Dare said. "I don't blame you for what happened. My brother is nothing but a fucking slut and he'll sleep with anyone. I'm never speaking to him again. I know it was all his fault, not yours."

This time Treston's jaw fell in an exaggerated way. He couldn't believe what he was hearing. If he'd been lucky enough to have a brother, he wouldn't have let an asshole like Chad Pratt get in the way of his relationship with his brother. And the saddest part of it all was he heard traces of his own voice in Dare's. Treston had said things like this before to all the men he'd been in love with when they'd screwed him over; he'd even begged the same way. And look where it had gotten him: shoved into a dark closet, in the home of another asshole who thought he could get away with anything, where he would have to remain until it was safe to sneak out. He figured this was karma; he had to learn his lesson once and for all. He'd met Chad that night by some twist of fate and he'd been destined to overhear this pitiful conversation so he'd never repeat his mistakes again.

Treston leaned into the door. Chad must have escorted Dare to the bed because their voices sounded closer.

After a moment of silence-Treston figured they were kissing-Dare said, "I'm going to take off all my clothes and you're going to fuck your little pussycat so hard he's going to scream and claw."

This was getting interesting. Treston thought about Chad's twenty-four-hour erection cycle. He couldn't wait to hear Chad's reply.

Chad said, "I love you so much, pussycat. But all I want to do tonight is hold you in my arms and fall asleep. I don't want to ruin the moment with sex. I want this night to be about emotion and the love between us. We'll make love in the morning."

Treston rolled his eyes and laughed into his hand. He had to admit this was one of the best lines he'd ever heard a guy say when he didn't want to have sex. He knew damn well Chad couldn't get his forty-seven-year-old dick up again until morning. Treston had been so neat when he'd blown him there were no signs they'd had sex anywhere in the room and Dare would never guess.

The poor fool believed every word Chad said about love and emotion. "That's the most romantic thing you've ever said to me, sweetie-pie," Dare said. "Let's get into bed right now and close our eyes."

"I'll be there in a minute, pussycat," Chad said. "I think I left the light on in the closet."

When he heard Chad coming toward the closet door, Treston moved away and backed into a row of expensive dark suits. There had to be hundreds.

Chad opened the door slightly and slipped inside. He lifted his index finger to his lips and started to whisper. "Don't say anything. Just kiss me." Then he grabbed Treston by the back of the head, pulled him closer, and shoved his tongue into his mouth.

Treston didn't understand, at least not at first. But it only took a minute of kissing and he realized what was happening. He reached down, grabbed the erection poking out of Chad's black sweatpants, and said, "I thought you were going to just hold the poor bastard in your arms all night because it's so romantic. I thought you said you were on a twenty-four-hour erection cycle." He squeezed Chad's dick. "What's this about?"

Chad reached around and grabbed his ass. When he did this his erection seemed to grow even harder. "I wanted to see if I could get it up again sooner. And thanks to you, I can fuck him now. You're the best."

Treston couldn't believe what he'd just heard. This guy had no limits. "You really are a fucking asshole. I should go out there right now and tell the poor dumb fuck what's been going on here all night. I'm starting to feel obligated to do the right thing."

Chad kissed him again and smiled. "But you won't do it, will you?"

The saddest thing of all was Treston knew if he did go out and tell Dare the truth, Dare probably wouldn't have believed him anyway. They never did. Treston wouldn't have believed anyone if he'd been in Dare's place, so he knew it would just be a waste of his time and energy. Besides, he'd learned in life people usually have to figure things out on their own. So he stroked Chad's dick a few times and said, "No, I won't. But I'd like to go home soon, you forty-seven-year-old fucker. I'm tired. I've had a long day and I'd like to brush my teeth. I can still taste your dick."

"Just wait until he's sleeping," Chad said. "As soon as it's okay, I'll get you out safely. I promise. I'll even have a car take you home." He looked into his eyes and smiled. "Please do this for me."

Treston shrugged. "I'll do this for him, not for you. So don't give me your helpless look. There's nothing about you that's honest or decent or helpless. And frankly, I don't feel like getting into any drama tonight that's none of my business. You people mean nothing to me."

Chad kissed his forehead and said, "Thanks. I owe you."

"You don't owe me anything."

As he turned to leave, Chad pointed to his erection and said, "Thanks for this, too."

Treston lowered his head and laughed. Then he twirled his finger and said, "Any time."

Chapter Nine

When Chad left him in the closet so he could return to the bed where Dare was undoubtedly waiting for him, Chad forgot to close the closet door all the way. Treston didn't realize this until he heard Chad climb into bed and say, "Here I am, pussycat."

Then he heard Dare say, "Come over here, sweetie-pie. Your naughty little pussycat's missed you." He sounded so fake, and his voice went up with such a forced lilt, Treston hoped Chad might cover his face with a pillow.

That didn't happen. Chad said, "Open those pretty legs for me, pussycat."

After Treston stuck his finger in his mouth one more time and pretended to gag quietly, he crawled on his knees to the door to see if he could close it so he wouldn't have to listen to them have sex. It was one of those sliding pocket doors that disappeared into the wall. He figured it would be simple enough to close it all the way without being heard. But when he tried to move it less than a fraction of an inch, it squeaked and Dare asked Chad, "What was that noise? I heard something."

Treston covered his mouth with both hands and stopped breathing for a second.

Chad laughed and said, "It's probably just the house settling, pussycat. Big new houses like this make all kinds of noises."

"You're probably right, sweetie-pie," Dare said. "You're always right about everything."

Treston looked up at the dark ceiling and shook his head, then took a deep breath and exhaled slowly so they wouldn't hear him. He sat dead still on a suitcase, terrified to blink too fast, praying this wouldn't take long. He thought about taking a nap, but he might start snoring and knew he couldn't take that chance.

To both his absolute relief and utter disdain, Treston soon discovered he didn't have to be as quiet as he'd originally portended. When Chad and Dare started screwing around-it couldn't be called making love-Dare started to say things that twisted Treston's stomach into fifty different knots. The little blond pussycat didn't just talk dirty-he got into some of the filthiest, raunchiest sex talk Treston had ever heard or would hear in the future.

Though Chad was obviously the top man in bed, Dare gave the orders. Within moments after Chad had left the closet Dare started saying things like, "Get up here and give me some of that big fat dirty man-dick, sweetie-pie. I want you to shove that fucking man-meat all the way up my tight little man-pussy and breed me like a come dump until I can't fucking walk."

And that was only the lighter brand of sex talk. The rest was so depraved, and so outrageous at the same time, Treston found it amusing after the initial shock wore off. At one point, when Dare's voice went deeper and he said, "Fuck my tight little pussy with your big dirty dick and bang me like the little come-pig, fuck-whore I am, you big stud-fucker," Treston had to cover his mouth with both hands to keep from laughing aloud. He couldn't have made this shit up if he'd tried. He'd heard plenty of dirty talk in his time, so it wasn't a shock to hear people talking in bed. It was the nature, and the desperate tone, of Dare's words he found so entertaining.

Chad never said a word. The only voice that rang through the dark bedroom was Dare's, and each time he said something different, it turned out to be even more ridiculous than the time before. Treston's eyes started to tear up from laughter when Dare said, "Yes, you big fucking dirty studly fucker. Fuck my pink rosebud pussy harder. Fucking bang my tight little cunt and give me your fucking seed. I'm a whore, I'm a slut, fuck me with your dirty come-filled ram rod, you big horny stud." At one point Treston doubled over in pain when Dare screamed, "Oh, daddy, fuck me. Yes, daddy, fuck me with the big weeping cock like the pig that I am. I'm your come-pig and I want your fucking nasty load in my tight little pussy. Oh, breed me, daddy, fucking breed my tight little pussy."

Through all this vulgar screaming and bizarre one-sided sex banter, Treston wondered what Chad thought about all this. When he'd been with Chad an hour earlier, they'd laughed, joked around, and treated each other with unspoken natural affection. But there was no laughing with potty mouth Dare during their sex--Treston's own private amusement didn't count. There was nothing romantic or tender about it and this made Treston wonder if Chad liked all this silly dirty talk during sex. With some men it was hard to tell. They would pretend they didn't like it but the moment they heard it they got so excited you could see their chests heaving. And it was usually the biggest assholes who liked that kind of thing the most.

Treston had once met a dark scruffy man with tattoos whom he'd been attracted to. He'd even thought, for an instant, he could fall in love with this man. Treston had just been dumped by someone and he'd been sitting alone in a small bar sipping a vodka tonic. They guy seemed to come from nowhere and he had large hands and a deep swarthy voice. He said he lived in a big house in Los Angeles and he was in Vegas for the weekend. But when the guy pulled Treston's pants off in the backseat of his car a few minutes later and asked, "Do you wanna be my dirty, nasty little come pig?" Treston's eyes grew wide and he said, "I left my cigarettes on the bar." Then he put on his pants, jumped over the seat, and said, "I'll be right back." He didn't smoke, and he didn't go back to the bar. He ducked into the entrance, waited for a moment near the door, then slipped out and walked away as fast as he could. He never saw the guy again. It wans't that he thought there was anything wrong with dirty talk in bed. He wasn't judging anyone either. But he thought it had to be done a certain way, and if it wasn't, it could be either creepy or hysterical. With the guy he'd met at the bar it felt creepy; with Dare and Chad it sounded hysterical.

At least the sex between Chad and Dare didn't last long. From what Treston could gather, there wasn't any foreplay at all. He doubted they kissed once. How could they with Dare screaming all those asinine obscenities? It also sounded as though Chad's job description in bed consisted of stud services. When Dare reached the point of climax and shouted, "Ah yes, give me that fat dirty cock, stud-man, because your little pussycat is coming...deeper, fucking breed my pussy," and Treston could hear Chad's pelvis slapping into Dare's ass. It all ended with Dare howling so hard it caused a chill to run up Treston's spine. For a moment, he thought Dare's screaming had transitioned into a yodel. But it was too high-pitched for that. If Treston had heard this sound coming toward him in the distance on a dark night, he would have thought an animal had been hit by a car. The last time he'd heard anything so obnoxious, had been when a feral cat had been run over in front of his apartment complex. The cops came and had to put the poor cat out of its misery with a revolver.

After they came, Dare did something that made Treston flinch. First he said, "That was fucking hot, sweetie-pie. You're the only stud who can do things like that to me." The room went silent for a moment while Chad was either whispering something or gesturing. Then Dare asked, "Was it as good for you, sweetie-pie? Tell me how much you love to fuck my tight man-pussy."

Treston wondered what kind of idiot would ask a question like that, and then he leaned into the cracked door to hear how Chad would answer. After a moment of silence, Chad said, "Ah, well, it was very nice, pussycat," then climbed out of bed and went into the bathroom.

Five or ten minutes later-Treston had lost track of time by then-Chad slipped into the closet again and found him sitting on the suitcase. "I think it's safe now. He's sleeping." He'd put on his black sweatpants again and his sandy blond hair was all messed up on top.

Treston flung him a look. "He's sleeping already?" After Chad came out of the bathroom he didn't hear Dare get up to go next. He wondered what kind of bottom had sex and didn't clean up afterward. He liked to at least brush his teeth and wipe the lube out of his ass with that cliched soapy warm rag. Evidently, Dare's tight little man-pussy wasn't the cleanest one in town.

Chad shrugged. "He's completely out for the night. He's a very sound sleeper, especially after a good pounding."

Treston didn't smile. He reached for his backpack and stood up. "Good, because I'm tired and I want to go home. I just hope I don't have nightmares after what I just heard."

Chad's face tightened. "You were listening?"

"You left the door open, asshat," Treston said. "I couldn't help it."

Chad frowned. "Dare is a little vocal in bed."

"I'll say."

Chad smiled and handed him a photo. "I signed it and dated it for you."

Treston took the photo and gaped at it for a moment. It was one of those black-and-white head shots actors have mass-produced to hand out to fans. This one had to be at least fifteen years old, back when Chad still had identical dimples on both sides of his face instead of the sexy middle-aged creases he had now. Treston kissed him on the cheek and spoke in a flat deadpan tone. "I'll frame it, cherish it forever, and hang it over my bed, studly."

Chad laughed. "I knew you'd say something like that. I gave it to you on purpose. I wasn't really serious and don't feel obligated to take it."

"You did not," Treston said. "You're only saying that now because I made a snide comment. You thought I'd be thrilled you'd given me a personally autographed photo. You expected me to be falling all over you and thanking you, just like all your other groupies."

"You're wrong again," Chad said. "I'm not that much of an asshole."

Treston turned and stepped toward the door. "Well, I guess I'll never really know for sure, because I'm going home." He opened the door slowly, keeping the squeaking noise as low as he could. "I've had enough fun and games for one night. Have a nice life." But he didn't hand the photo back to Chad.

As Treston tip-toed out of the bedroom and down the grand front staircase, he heard Chad following him in his bare feet. When they reached the main hall on the first floor, the old man in the white coat was holding the front door open for Treston and he saw the long black limo waiting outside in the driveway with the back door open. He crossed through the open doorway and nodded at the older man without giving Chad a backward glance. He told himself if he just kept walking forward and didn't turn around he could get out of there without emotional scars.

But when he reached the steps that led to the driveway, Chad grabbed him by the arm and turned him around. "That's it? I don't even get a kiss goodbye? I thought we had fun tonight."

Treston took a quick breath and said, "We did have fun. At least, I know I did. You're one of the most interesting bad boys I've ever met. I really mean it. But it's time for Cinderella to get back to the real world now. I have to figure out how to change my circumstances and get a decent job, and you have pussycat waiting upstairs for you to breed him like a fucking pig."

Chad smiled. "That's not funny. He didn't know you were listening."

"Seriously, man," Treston said. "Who does shit like that in bed?"

"You should talk," Chad said. His tone grew serious. "You're a stripper and I can only imagine what else you've done with men to make money. I'm more than familiar with the extra services that are offered at Chickey's. So I don't think you're in any position to judge Dare."

Well.

Treston had been confronted this way before. In the beginning it used to sting him, but now he felt nothing. "I know who I am and I don't lie about it. But I can promise you one thing for certain: I've never screamed things like that in bed with anyone. I don't have to pretend I'm a whore in bed, because I really am one. I admit it openly and I'm not ashamed of anything I've done. So don't you ever judge me or what I've done to survive." He'd learned that by taking an offense approach instead of a defensive one he could maintain his dignity. But there were times even he didn't believe it.

Chad held his arm tighter. "I'm not judging you. Don't you get it? I wouldn't judge you or what you do for a living. I don't care about all the men you've been with in the past. I'm not much different from you. I just got a little luckier at a very young age. I've never told anyone this before and I never thought I would. But do you know how I got my first part in a film? I sucked off the producer right in his office. I got down on my hands and knees and I sucked his tired old dick and he offered me a contract afterward."

Treston shrugged. He wasn't impressed. "It's not the first time a pretty boy got a part in a film that way and it won't be the last."

"I want to see you again," Chad said.

"Why? So you can rake me over the proverbial coals like you do with all the other guys you've used and dumped? From what I hear, this town is filled with them. You make me laugh. I actually feel sorry for smut-mouthed little pussycat up there in your bed right now. You're not serious about him. If you were you wouldn't be standing here asking to see me again. You're going to fuck his brother again, you'll fuck his best friend, and you'll wind up fucking him over, just like all the rest. And I'm tired of games. I want something different. Now let go of my arm and let me go home."

Chad refused to let go. "You make me laugh. I can change your life. I can make something out of you."

This time Treston yanked his arm out of Chad's hand and he laughed in his face. "What is this? Seriously, man. Do you think I'm goddamn Joan Crawford sitting in a soda shop on Sunset Boulevard? You're going to make something out of me? Give me a fucking break already and at least give me some credit. I've heard that line so many times I repeat it in my sleep. In case no one's told you, every gay man over forty with money and power has used that line on a younger gay man at least once."

Chad took a step forward, but he stopped when Treston's arms went up. He rubbed his jaw and said, "You're bitter."

"I'm not bitter," Treston said. "I'm smarter."

As he turned toward the limo, Chad didn't try to follow him this time. Chad stood there looking dejected, as if ready to double over in pain, and said, "Can we keep in touch? I don't see why we can't at least be friends."

Treston lifted one leg into the car, held the door, and turned around to face him. He'd never spoken this way to a man before. Although it made him feel stronger than he'd ever felt, he had enjoyed the time he'd spent with Chad and he wanted to remember it fondly. He wanted Chad to remember it well, too. If he left on a bitter note he knew that wouldn't be possible. So he sent Chad a smile and said, "I wish I could say yes. I wish we could be friends. But I don't think it would work out. You're too gorgeous, too smart, too rich, and too strong for me. You would wind up killing me. Please take this as a compliment because I'm not trying to be nasty now. For the most part, I had a wonderful time tonight. I'll remember this night forever and I'll look back on it with a smile. You're probably the nicest bad boy I've ever known, and I'd like to thank you for giving me the memory. But it's time to leave."

Chad smiled and said, "Can I kiss you goodbye?"

This guy just didn't stop. Treston returned the smile and said, "I guess one kiss goodbye wouldn't hurt." He did want to hold him one more time. There was something about the way he smelled that made Treston feel calm and relaxed.

He jogged down the front steps with as little effort as a teenage athlete. He ran to the car, put his arms around Treston, and kissed him on the mouth. As their tongues met, Treston had to admit he'd never experienced this kind of electricity with a man, not even Harlan Rocks. That was all the more reason to push Chad away and say, "Thanks for not being a complete asswipe."

Chad let him go; he backed away and shrugged. "Thank you for making me laugh in bed for the first time. I never did that before. In a way, you took my virginity again."

Treston couldn't resist the temptation. "Well, I find that hard to believe. With little blond pussycat up there I'd be laughing the moment she opened her filthy mouth and started begging to get her man-pussy fucked." He hated it when gay men switched pronouns, but sometimes it was hard to avoid.

Chad didn't seem amused. "I'm serious. I had a good time tonight."

When Treston saw his expression and the intense look in his billion-dollar steel blue movie star eyes, he felt a sting in his own eyes. He knew he would never see him again. So he stepped forward and reached for both of Chad's forearms. He held them tightly and said, "I think you can change. Don't underestimate yourself."

"Maybe I just need the right guy to change me."

With that comment, Treston knew it was time to leave. He released Chad's arms and said, "That's not how it works, trust me. I've been trying to change men like you all my life." Then he kissed him one last time on the lips, caressed his cheek, and climbed into the limo. After he closed the door, he didn't glance back. He had a feeling Chad was standing in the middle of the driveway, watching the limo disappear. For the first time since he'd met Chad earlier that night, he realized this was one of the hardest things he'd ever done. It shouldn't have been this hard. There was something wrong with him; he should have expected it. But he knew if he did glance back, he might change his mind and tell the driver to stop. Chad Pratt was everything he'd ever wanted in a man, plus more. He had all the worst qualities a man could have, yet he was decent deep down. But then Treston had told himself all this so many times with other men, he couldn't trust his own instincts. He'd given those men everything he'd had, from money to emotion. It just wasn't something he was willing to do anymore.

Chapter Ten

When the limo pulled up to Treston's apartment, he took his time getting out, hoping one of his nosy neighbors would see him. They noticed everything else he did. They'd hung their heads out their doors the night he'd met three bikers with beards and tattoos and the bikers had carried him out of his apartment in his underwear and thrown him in the pool as a joke. They'd noticed the cute little college guy with the goatee and sagging jeans he'd dated for a while between lovers. Treston's neighbors seemed so interested in his personal life he often thought they had hidden cameras set up just to see who he was coming and going with. His next-door neighbor, an older woman who had once been married to a used-car salesman who'd left her for a younger woman, even had the nerve to ask him what had happened to Harlan Rocks. Evidently, she'd been watching Harlan come and go, and when she didn't see him anymore, it must have driven her crazy. Treston just smiled and told her Harlan had moved to Los Angeles, without going into any details. But the one night he pulled up to his complex in a chauffeur-driven limo owned by the one and only Las Vegas Shark, Chad Pratt, no one even cracked a dusty venetian blind to see him get out. It figured.

He wasn't going to let his night with Chad go completely ignored. That was why he hadn't returned the autographed photo to Chad. Though he had no intentions of ever seeing Chad again, he couldn't resist mentioning Chad the next night at work. He swaggered into the dressing room with a half-smile and a playful expression. Lyon and J.D. were there getting ready for the show. Lyon was undressing and J.D. was already wearing his jock strap, trying to pack his humongous dick into a pouch that seemed to be two sizes too small again. When Treston walked up to him and set his backpack down on a bench in front of his locker, he sent J.D.'s dick a glance and said, "I don't know why you just don't pack that obnoxious thing into a quart mason jar and be done with it." The jock he was wearing that night was one of those sock-jock affairs Treston had seen in catalogues, with a pouch up front, a waistband, and no straps or strings in the back. Most normal men wouldn't have had a problem with it.

"Where the fuck were you last night?" J.D. asked.

"I had an important engagement," Treston said. He wanted to wait to tell them the story. "Chickey knows all about it."

J.D. made a face. "Aren't you the grand little queen of Downton Abbey?"

Lyon smiled, pulled down his baggy shorts, and laughed. He pointed to J.D.'s dick and said, "Seriously, man. I think your thing's getting bigger. It's like the monster in those old black-and-white movies: The Dick that Ate Tokyo." Like most of the straight male strippers at the club, Lyon always wore those loose, old-man boxer shorts. The ones he wore that night were a drab beige color. Treston would never get this. With all the cute, sexy underwear in the world, why on Earth would any man want to wear boxer shorts that made him look as if he were in the army?

J.D. threw a dirty sweat sock at Treston and said, "Stop complaining and get over here and give me a hand. I don't think I can do this alone."

"Hold on a minute," Treston said. He'd just removed his shirt and his shoes. His jeans were open and he wanted to take them off first. He'd splurged that afternoon and bought a new pair of underwear. He'd been eyeing them in the window of a small boutique and saving money on the side to get them. He'd never be able to wear them in the show because they were made out of sheer black fabric and trimmed in red leather. They were completely transparent and he knew Chickey would never allow him to show so much of his body. But he liked wearing them under his jeans. They made him feel sexy and put him in a good mood.

When he removed his jeans, he turned his back to Lyon and arched it slightly. He did it on purpose to see how Lyon would react to his new underwear. Although Lyon was straight, he'd always said-joking around, of course-Treston's ass was as good as any woman's ass. Treston knew the other competitive gay guys wouldn't say anything if he looked too good in his see-through underwear; they tended to be catty and only complimented him when he looked bad in something. But he could always depend on Lyon for an honest comment. Straight guys didn't have that vicious streak with gay guys.

This time Lyon actually reached over and patted his ass a couple of times. He laughed and said, "You'd better not wear those see-through panties tonight. Chickey will freak, man."

J.D. took one look at Treston's see-through underwear and said, "Whore." A typical reaction from another catty, competitive gay man.

Treston glanced at J.D. and said, "Slut." Then he turned to Lyon and said, "I'm not wearing them in the show. I just like the way they feel. I'll get you a pair if you want."

"No, thanks, buddy," Lyon said. "I prefer boxers."

J.D. rolled his eyes and pulled his dick out of the sock-jock. He couldn't seem to get it in, no matter how hard he tried.

Lyon pulled off his sweat socks and laughed. "I've said it before and I'll say it again: that ass is as good as any woman's." Then he reached over and slapped Treston's ass one more time.

Treston loved the harmless attention from Lyon, mostly because he knew he didn't have to take it seriously. Lyon was happily married and nothing they said to each other went deeper than a silly joke. Lyon even joked around about Treston's ass in front of his wife and she didn't care. And once, briefly, Lyon had mentioned in passing that his wife thought Treston was so cute she said any time Treston felt like doing a three-way with them, she'd love it.

As Treston turned to J.D. so he could help him put his dick into the sock-jock, he smiled and said, "You're so good for my ego, Lyon. I wish I could record you so I could listen to you when I'm depressed."

J.D. pulled the waistband of the sock-jock and said, "You hold it and I'll stretch out the pouch. When I stretch, stuff it into the pouch as much as you can and I'll pack it down myself."

Lyon frowned at what they were doing and said, "Why don't you just get things that fit, J.D.? Wouldn't it make life easier?"

"It's not so simple," J.D. said. "I never know until I get the underwear out of the package. And they don't let you return underwear." He looked between Lyon's legs and said, "Not everyone can have a little dick like yours."

Lyon made a face. He was naked by then, and he spread his legs and glanced down. "My dick's not little. I've been told I'm above average. And my wife never complains about it."

Treston was still holding J.D.'s dick with one hand and pushing his balls into the pouch with the other. "Don't pay attention to him, Lyon," he said. "You have nothing to worry about in that department. J.D.'s just frustrated right now." He shoved the rest of J.D.'s dick into the pouch, patted it, and laughed.

When he saw J.D.'s dick actually did fit into the tight little pouch, he turned back to his locker and reached inside his backpack for the personally autographed photo Chad Pratt had given him. He set it out right in front of both J.D. and Lyon, but they were both so consumed with getting ready for the show they didn't notice it right away. He even pushed it toward the edge and let it fall over on purpose. But they still didn't notice it. When he finally bent down to pick it up, Lyon poked him in the ass with his knee and he fell sideways.

"I'm sorry, man," Lyon said, reaching down to help him up. "I didn't mean to poke you so hard."

He grabbed Lyon's hand and glanced at his hairy legs. The straight male strippers didn't shave their legs like the gay male strippers, and they often got more attention from the customers because of this. Treston wondered if he should stop shaving his body, but then he dismissed the thought because he liked being smooth all over. He wasn't all that hairy to begin with, and he felt cleaner and fresher when he was smooth.

When Lyon pulled Treston up, he noticed the photo of Chad in his other hand. "What's that?"

Treston stood up and shrugged. He pressed the photo to his chest, smiled, and said, "Oh, it's nothing really important. Just a personally autographed photo from Chad Pratt. I thought I might hang it inside my locker." He acted nonchalant, as if he pasted a photo of Chad Pratt to his door every day of the week.

Lyon and J.D. exchanged a quick glance. A few of the other guys near them stopped to listen.

As Treston reached into his backpack for tape, Lyon said, "Yeah, right. You've got a personally autographed photo from Chad Pratt and I've got one from Prince Harry."

Lyon said, "And I have one from the queen herself."

When they both started to laugh, Treston stuck the photo to his locker with tape and said, "He's actually a very nice man, once you get to know him. Of course he's not the kind of man I would get serious about because of his notorious reputation. But I did have dinner with him last night, and we did go back to his place and have a little fun in his bedroom. That's why I missed the show last night. Chad insisted I go with him and I couldn't say no." Treston never kissed and told, but this time he made an exception to his own rule and rationalized by telling himself he wouldn't go into details about what he'd done in Chad's bedroom.

Lyon tapped Treston's ass again and laughed. "Yeah, right. And I'm doing drag tonight."

"And I fucked Prince Harry," J.D. said.

The other guys who were listening started to laugh and murmur things to each other. It was obvious no one believed him.

This didn't bother Treston. He had proof. "I can get Mickey J. to confirm everything I'm saying. He was here last night at the door when Chad took me away in his limo. He saw it all and he told Chickey why I didn't go to work."

"Mickey J. got fired last night," J.D. said.

"Fired?" Treston felt a thump in his stomach.

Lyon frowned and said, "Chickey caught him dealing at the front door and he fired him on the spot."

"That's a shame," Treston said. He liked Mickey J. He'd actually slept with him once, right before he'd met Harlan. It had been raining heavily that night and Mickey J. had offered to drive Treston home. When they pulled up to Treston's apartment Mickey J. invited himself in for a drink. Treston had always had a weak spot for bulky weightlifters and guys with very large feet. "I'll miss Mickey."

J.D. laughed. "I'm sure you will."

Thanks to the fact Mickey J. liked to kiss and tell, everyone in the club knew Treston had slept with him. Mickey J. had even gone into details about how he'd fucked Treston upside down. It was all true, but Treston wished he hadn't talked about it to all the other guys. Thanks to Lyon, Mickey J. finally stopped talking about it. Lyon told Mickey J. if he didn't stop, he'd kick his ass. "I won't miss him for that reason," Treston said. "Mickey J. and I were only together one night. I'll miss him because he was always so nice to me."

Lyon adjusted his black leather thong and said, "I won't miss him. He was an asshole the time he told everyone what he did with you. I still wish you'd let me kick his ass. I hate guys that do things like that. It makes the rest of us look bad."

Treston smiled at Lyon. He was such a decent guy. "Well, at least Chickey can back me up. Mickey J. said he would tell Chickey I was with Chad."

"Chickey's away for a few days," Lyon said. "He went to L.A. to spend a long weekend with old friends."

This was getting frustrating. "Well, I was with Chad last night. He even sent me home in his personal limo and his driver dropped me off at my door." Treston pulled off his sheer underwear and reached into his backpack for a clean red thong he'd been planning to wear. It was going to be a simple night for him. He would put on the red thong, then put on his jeans and regular street clothes, then strip back down to the thong.

The music started to play and Lyon reached for a dark gray business suit that had been hanging in front of his locker. He did a routine the customers loved. He dressed like an average corporate businessman, in a suit with a white shirt and red tie, and he stripped down to a black leather thong. "If you say so, buddy."

J.D. was in the process of putting on his cop uniform. The customers loved watching a police officer strip. He put his arm around Treston and said, "We love you whether you had dinner with Chad Pratt or not. And don't forget it."

Now they were patronizing him, and he knew he would never get them to believe him. But as he was about to back down, one of the bartenders walked into the dressing room with the biggest vase of red roses Treston had ever seen. He had to carry them with both hands; there must have been three dozen, at least.

While the other guys stood there and gaped, the bartender set the vase down on a counter near Treston's locker and said, "A guy delivered these for you, sweetie. He said there was a card."

When he turned to leave, Treston pulled the card out and opened the small envelope. As the others continued to stare at him, he opened the card and read it to himself: "You're not going to get away from me that easily, Treston Fair Leigh. Love, Asswipe (Chad)." He read it again and smiled even more. At least Chad had actually put his real name in the card along with "Asswipe."

He was so surprised by the roses and the card, he forgot all about what the other guys thought. He didn't care anymore if they believed him or they didn't. He barely noticed when Lyon took the card out of his hand because he was too busy smelling the roses and thinking about Chad.

J.D. stood over Lyon's shoulder and he read the card aloud so all the other guys in the room could hear. When J.D. finished he set the card on the table and said, "I guess you were telling the truth for once. What did he mean when he said you weren't getting away that easily?"

Treston continued to stare at the roses. "It's just a private joke between us. It's nothing important." He'd received expensive roses like this before from men. He knew what Chad was doing. Aggressive bad boys hated being rejected so much they almost always got obsessed about it. In this case, Treston knew Chad was only pursuing him because he'd turned him down. He also knew if he let down his guard and he did respond to Chad's aggressive advances, Chad would eventually dump him in time. That was another part of the pattern all bad boys followed: once they actually got what they wanted they didn't want it anymore.

J. D. asked, "Are you going to see him again?"

Lyon laughed and said, "I know I would and I'm straight. The dude's a freaking billionaire. I think I could even learn how to suck dick and like it for his kind of money."

Treston sent him a glance and said, "No, you couldn't, and you know it. You're way too honest and way too decent."

Lyon smiled and shrugged. "You're right about that. You just can't fake it sometimes, no matter how hard you try."

J. D.'s eyes were popping. "So? When are you going to see him next?"

"I'm not going to see him again," Treston said. He turned to his locker to finish getting ready for the show.

"You're not?" J.D. said. "Are you insane?"

Treston winked at Lyon and said, "Actually, I've never been saner in my life. After what I went through with Harlan Rocks, I'm not letting anyone do that to me ever again. Chad Pratt is just another Harlan Rocks, with a lot more money. You've heard the stories about him. He's dumped guys and left them all over the world, not just in Vegas. And he has a boyfriend right now. What kind of a man sends roses to another man when he already has a boyfriend?"

Lyon said, "Good for you, buddy. The guy does sound like an asswipe."

All this seemed to pass J.D. by completely. He lifted his arms and said, "He's a billionaire. He just sent you roses. Wake up, man. You're not getting any younger. At least get something out of the deal."

Treston and Lyon exchanged a knowing glance. "I know I'm not getting any younger, and that's why I'm not going to see Chad Pratt again, not ever." His tone went down and he glanced at the floor. "I've been kicked around enough for one lifetime. The next guy I get serious with is going to be a simple, decent man who really wants to spend the rest of his life with me. And I'm not going to settle for less anymore."

"But think about all the money and stuff you could get even if he does dump you," J. D. said. "If you play your cards right you might even get a car out of the deal."

Lyon flung J.D. a look and said, "Leave him alone." Then he crossed to where Treston was standing and put his arm around him. "I think I just gained a new sense of respect for you, buddy. You're really not the same guy you were a couple of months ago."

Treston felt a sting in his eye. Lyon was the decent man he'd just described, only Lyon was straight and he knew he couldn't change that. He also felt remorse because he did have deep feelings for Chad Pratt in spite of his bad boy reputation. And Treston knew he could never change that either. So he put his arms around Lyon and rested his head on his strong chest. "Thanks, man. I knew you would understand. I just wish it didn't have to be so damn hard all the time, is all. I have to stop attracting these types of guys. It's killing me."

Lyon held him tighter and said, "You're going to be okay, bud. If anyone screws around with you, I'll take care of them myself, even Chad Pratt."

Treston often found it interesting the one person in his life he could call his best friend was a straight guy who seemed to understand him better than his gay friends. He often wished he had more female friends, but his life seemed to be a male-dominated atmosphere. His gay friends tended to be too competitive sometimes. He'd always thought the relationships between straight guys and gay guys were interesting. There was nothing sexual between Treston and Lyon. As Lyon held him, he didn't feel a hint of sexual energy in the least. All he felt was a sense of love and security from a strong man-person-who cared about him, as if he were safe and nothing could ever harm him again. Treston knew two straight guys would never relate to each other this way. Their egos would have gotten in the way. It would be too personal and too awkward for them and they would be terrified of being branded gay if they showed this kind of affection and emotion. But it was different with a straight guy and a gay guy. There was nothing to prove, no ego issues, no competition, and they could be completely at ease with each other. The only complicated part of this was the straight guy had to be absolutely comfortable with his own heterosexuality, which clearly Lyon was.

"I know you're there for me," Treston said. "And you have no idea how much it means to me. You're my hero, and I'm there for you, too."

"I know, buddy," Lyon said.

J.D. threw his arms in the air and turned. He kicked the locker and said, "Well, I think you're both a couple of assholes, because if Chad Pratt sent me flowers I'd be thinking of ways to become Mrs. Chad Pratt."

Treston kissed Lyon on the cheek and stepped back. "You really do get it."

Lyon smiled. "Yes, I really do get it. I would do the same thing if I were in your shoes."

"This makes me feel a lot better," Treston said.

J.D. turned to head toward the exit. As he rounded the corner he said, "You two are going to make me puke one of these days."

When J.D. was gone, Lyon turned toward the exit to follow him. Treston was looking at the roses again and Lyon set his palm on the small of Treston's back. "Are you really okay?"

"I'm fine. Thanks."

Before he turned to leave, he squeezed Treston's shoulder and said, "I've got your back."

When Lyon was gone, Treston wiped a stray tear from his cheek and turned to finish getting dressed. He was dancing alone in a private cage that night, not on stage. He would start out fully clothed, in his regular street clothes, and wind up wearing nothing but the red thong. He realized now he didn't feel the same sense of excitement as he'd once had about dancing in front of all those men. It felt as if he'd lost something he'd once had and he didn't know how to get it back. He tried looking deeper and still he found nothing. There had been a time when he'd been filled with energy just thinking about dancing almost naked while all those men watched him wiggle and shake. He only felt obligated to go out and do his best. That was when he knew it was time to start looking for another job.

Chapter Eleven

Although Treston liked to fantasize about himself as the conservative businessman in a suit and tie working in a bank, he knew he had to be realistic. So he combed all the help wanted ads on Craigslist that weekend and saw one job he felt at least somewhat qualified to apply for. The ad said they needed a new salesperson for a used-car dealer and Treston figured if he got the job he could work there during the day and still keep his night job at the club until he started to make decent money. The ad stated they wanted someone who dressed well, was friendly, good with people, and someone who knew how to close a deal fast. This sounded perfect. Treston was great with people, especially men. He'd always been friendly, especially with men. He was always up on the latest fashion trends. He wasn't sure what closing the deal meant, but he figured he could fake this in the beginning. He also figured there wasn't much to learn about selling cars; he knew how to drive one, even though he didn't actually own one. And if he was lucky, maybe they would give him one of those loaner cars. He'd dated a used-car salesman once, and the used car salesman had told him his company gave him a new loaner car every two years.

On Sunday, Treston went to a discount hair salon and had his blond streaks touched up so he'd look perfect. The colorist went a little too heavy on the bleach and she made him look totally blond, but he liked the way he looked so much he didn't ask her to tone it down. He shaved his body, including pubic hair. It made him feel sexy and blond all over. On the way home, a truck driver passed him, honked the horn, and gave him thumbs up with both hands. A guy on a motorcycle almost swerved into oncoming traffic. When he passed a couple of Latino guys climbing out of a plumbing truck, they whistled and made lewd comments about his ass. Though he flung them both a dirty look, he had to admit deep down he enjoyed the attention. Oh, he'd learned the moment he'd had those blond streaks done a few years ago for the first time, the world turned into a different place. There was something about blonds that seemed to attract attention. And the blonder a person was, the more attention they seemed to attract.

On Monday morning he put on his new tight red skinny jeans-the ones he'd bought because he'd seen them on an MTV video, and because he'd heard red skinny jeans were the latest trend in New York. Then he put on a tight black V-neck sweater, a black leather blazer he'd bought because he'd always read they were classic, and his favorite pair of almost Prada half boots. These boots were really Scandia Woods, not actually Prada. But they looked so much like Prada, no one could ever tell the difference at a glance. And he'd only paid a fraction of the cost with Scandia Woods than he would have paid for real Prada. He even wore his lucky black thong that morning, the one with the see-through lacy front. The first time he'd worn it, he'd won ten dollars in one of the casinos at a slot machine.

He took a taxi to the used-car dealership and told the driver to drop him off at a corner a block away. He didn't want anyone to see him arrive in a taxi. When he crossed the street and glanced up at the "Lucky Vegas Louie's Used Cars" sign, he took a deep breath and exhaled. He hadn't been on a formal interview or applied for a job since he'd walked into Chickey's club a few years earlier,a nd that hadn't even been a real interview. He'd walked in, Chickey looked him up and down, then asked him to strip down to his underwear. He'd hired Treston on the spot, without even asking him to fill out an application.

The building at Lucky Vegas Louie's was a long flat affair in lime green painted stucco that looked as if it had once been a gas station where they'd done auto repairs. When Treston glanced at the used-car inventory he noticed a lot of domestic luxury cars-long, flashy Cadillacs and Lincolns-had to be at least five years old. They all had bright white prices written in the windshields and little sayings that read, "Drives like a dream," or, "Pull up in style," in uneven print. He saw one huge pink Cadillac that had to be twenty years old with a saying that read, "Only driven to church on Sundays."

He entered through a single glass front door that had an "open" sign hanging lopsided from a string. Inside, it smelled like machine oil and there weren't any windows except for a large glass display window in the front that didn't open and was hazed with smudges. The walls were gray cinderblock, the floors darker gray, the overhead lights fluorescent, and the office furniture reminded him of those old gunmetal desks from high school. In one corner he noticed a small sitting area with Danish modern furniture upholstered in orange vinyl. The sofa had a six-inch rip and the stuffing was coming out. In another corner he saw a reception desk in front of a wall with calendars and semi-nude women in provocative bunny costumes posing in exaggerated positions.

The room was empty, so he crossed to the desk where the calendars hung and looked around to see if anyone in the back. A clock on the wall said it was only eight in the morning. He figured Monday was probably a slow time of week for the car-buying crowd. When he saw no one at all around, he started to feel awkward about being there so early and almost turned to leave.

But then a deep voice came from a small office behind the reception desk. "Can I help you?"

Treston leaned to the right, peeked into the office, and saw a man sitting behind another metal desk. "Ah well, I'm here about the job I saw advertised on Craigslist. I could come back another time if you're busy." The man didn't look like Treston had expected a used car dealer to look. He'd been expecting a middle-aged bald guy with a paunch, a short-sleeved dress shirt, and a clip-on tie that stopped three inches above his belt. Although this guy was wearing a conservative gray suit, white shirt, and navy tie, his wavy black hair was cut short with a little turned-up wave and he had small diamond chips in both ears.

The man stood up and walked into the main room. He extended his right hand over the desk and looked Treston up and down. "I'm Jake. I'm the manager."

Up close, he was even younger than Treston had expected. Treston shook his hand and said, "I'm Treston Fair Leigh and I'm here to apply for the job as used-car salesperson." He started to feel excited all over. He couldn't stop smiling.

Jake looked him up and down again and said, "Why don't we go into my office and close the door? I have a feeling I know what this is all about. I get it." Then he set his palm on Treston's back and gave him a gentle push.

When they were in the office, Jake sat behind his desk and Treston sat down in a green vinyl chair in front of the desk.

Jake leaned forward on his elbows and laced his fingers together. He smiled at Treston and said, "I'm surprised you're here this early. I had a feeling Joe would do this, but I wasn't expecting you this soon. I figured you'd come around later at night. Ha-ha."

Treston thought it was an odd comment, but he wanted to make a good first impression. He figured Jake was speaking in a general sense about all the people who might stop by to apply for the job. So he crossed his legs and smiled. "I'm sorry if I'm too early, Jake. I just wanted to get here before everyone else started arriving. I could come back later if you like."

Jake glanced at Treston's legs and said, "No problem, not at all. I'm glad you're here early. It's much better that no one else is here. They don't show up on Monday until noon. It's typically a slow morning and we have the whole place to ourselves. I just want to go out and lock the front door. I don't want any customers coming in. I'll be right back."

Treston thought this was odd, too. Why would he need to lock the door to interview him? When Jake returned and locked the office door and said, "I'm really glad you're here this early because I'm more of a morning type of guy," Treston's eyes grew wider. He figured the guy wanted to keep the interview private, so he said nothing.

Jake went back to his desk and sat down. "You have perfect timing."

Treston exhaled and laughed. "Well, that's a huge relief. I know how important it is to make a good impression. I really want you to like me."

"Oh, I like what I see, so don't worry about that. And I double locked the office door, so no one will interrupt us. The receptionist has a key to the front door, but not my office door."

This dude certainly had a thing about locked doors. "You don't know how good this makes me feel," Treston said. "I've been so nervous about this I almost didn't sleep last night. It's the first time I've done anything like this in a while. I figured it's best to be honest and up front from the beginning. I wouldn't want you to get the wrong impression."

"I'll be honest, too," Jake said. "I'm open to anything. But it's the first time I've ever done this myself. I'm kind of new at it, so to speak. My buddy, Joe, has been suggesting it for a long time and I've been too scared to take the plunge. But he finally talked me into it and I decided, what the hell? I'm game. I might even like it." Then he winked at Treston.

Treston felt a tug in his chest. He thought it was heartwarming to think this was the first time Jake had ever interviewed someone for a position. He smiled and said, "I'm so glad I'm your first. Why don't I tell you a little bit about myself and then you can ask me any questions you want? I'm open to anything."

Jake's head tipped sideways, as if he didn't understand. But he smiled and said, "Sure, tell me anything you want. But it's up to you. I'm the kind of guy who doesn't like to get too personal." Then he removed his tie and his jacket and sat all the way back in his chair with his legs wide open.

"Don't you want to know about my past experience?" Treston asked. This was getting strange; he figured it was because it was Jake's first real interview. It might also work in his favor.

Jake leaned forward to remove his shoes and socks. He glanced up and said, "It's not mandatory. I saw you doing the ping-pong ball routine at the club with Joe a couple of weeks ago and that's all I need to know."

"You saw my act at the club?" Treston asked. He felt his stomach sink, and his heart began to race. "But I'm here for the salesperson job."

Jake stood up and unbuckled his belt. As he dropped his pants, he laughed and said, "I like that. It's cute. Keep doing it. We can pretend that's why you're here. When Joe said he'd hire a guy for my birthday he didn't go into any details. And I had no idea the guy would turn out to be you. But it's a nice touch. I like pretending." Then he stepped out of his pants and removed his shirt.

When Jake was standing behind the desk in nothing but light blue boxer briefs, and Treston could see his erection, he knew there would be no interview. Though Treston had been slow to catch on, it was now evident this friend of Jake's, Joe, had set Jake up with a male escort for the first time, and that was why Jake thought Treston was there. So Treston stood up and said, "I think there may have been a mistake. I should leave."

Jake's gaze lowered, and his voice trailed off. "Well, that's a first."

"Huh?"

Jake sat down behind the desk and frowned. "My buddy hires an escort for my thirtieth birthday, the escort turns out to be the hottest male stripper in town, and when he sees me in my underwear he can't wait to run out the door. Wow, man. I've been rejected before, but never quite this way."

If Jake hadn't been so adorable, and Treston hadn't been such a soft-hearted guy, Treston might have left without glancing back. But now he felt awful. He'd insulted the poor man, on his birthday, without even knowing it. He almost told Jake the absolute truth. He almost told him he didn't know this guy Joe and he hadn't been hired to come there that morning. But it bothered Treston that even a used-car dealership wouldn't consider hiring him. It bothered him so much he suddenly felt silly about all his unrealistic plans for the future. How could he be so dumb to think he could get a real job in a real place of business that didn't involve shooting ping-pong balls out of his ass?

So he stood up and took off his shoes and socks.

Jake sent him a glance and said, "I thought you were leaving. What are you doing?"

Treston took off his jacket and shirt. He smiled at Jake and said, "I was only joking around. I'm not leaving. I'm doing what I do best. And you're going to have a thirtieth birthday you'll never forget." Then he pulled off his tight red pants and walked behind the desk wearing nothing but his see-through lacy thong.

When he sat on Jake's lap, he put one hand around Jake's shoulders and reached down with the other to hold Jake's dick. He kissed him on the cheek and said, "Happy Birthday, handsome. You're so big and strong."

Jake didn't seem to know how to respond. He laughed and said, "I really haven't done this before with a guy. My buddy, Joe, is bisexual and I admitted to him I've always been curious about guys. I wasn't really expecting him to hire you. I guess I'm a little nervous."

Treston reached into Jake's underwear to caress his balls gently. "There's nothing wrong with being curious or nervous, handsome. You're a very attractive man. And if you want me to stop, just let me know and I will. You don't have to do anything you don't want to do. I'm the expert and this is what I do best." Jake wasn't male model material, with bulging muscles and a shaved chest. He had more of the natural all-American male look, with a lean body and a cute line of hair that ran from the middle of his chest to his lower abdomen. The hair on his legs was as dark as the hair on his head and he smelled like lemony aftershave. Treston tugged his balls gently again and said, "How does this feel? Should I continue?"

Jakes head was back and his eyes were closed by then. He nodded and said, "Wonderful. Don't stop."

"Do you really think I'm the hottest male stripper in town?" Treston asked, as his hand slid up and down Jake's erection.

"Oh yeah, buddy," Jake said. "When I saw your ping-pong ball act I got hard right there in the club."

Though Treston had not been hired to do this, he continued to stroke his dick and whisper into his ear. He told Jake all the things he knew men liked to hear and he treated him as if he was a paying client at Chickey's club. When Treston realized that Jake had not taken him seriously as a candidate for the job, Treston felt the need to please him in the best way he knew how. He knew this would have been difficult to explain to most people, but he needed some kind of validation that morning, something that would make him feel worthwhile. When a guy began to realize he wasn't good at anything else, he tended to clutch even tighter the one thing he did do best. And having sex with Jake was by no means the hardest thing Treston had ever had to do in his life.

Once Jake relaxed a little, he wound up taking control and Treston didn't have to do anything but follow his moves. As expected, most bi-curious young men like Jake spend a long time exploring and examining the first time they are with another man. Though he didn't attempt to suck Treston's dick, he did stroke it and examine it for a while. He even laughed and said, "I've never actually touched another dude's penis before."

At one point, while Treston was on his back on top of Jake's desk, with his legs spread and his back arched, and Jake was kissing his chest, Treston said, "You might not be experienced with guys, but I have a feeling you've had plenty of experience with women."

Jake stopped sucking his nipple and laughed. "I've been around a little, so to speak."

Treston threw his arms back over his head and said, "Lucky for me." He meant every word of it. It had been a long time since he'd been with such a gentle lover.

After Jake explored every last inch of Treston's body, he took off his light blue briefs and Treston went down on the floor to his knees without being asked. Treston rested his hands on Jake's hairy thighs and Jake rubbed his dick all over Treston's face. While Treston sucked his cock, he moved slowly and glanced up at Jake the entire time. This seemed to not only excite Jake, but also made him respond to Treston in an even gentler way. He wasn't one of those guys who rammed in and out of Treston's mouth, with thrusts and plunges. He moved his pelvis with ease, gazed down at Treston's eyes, and caressed the back of Treston's head. This wasn't a complete shock; Treston had learned men who are used to being with women typically make love less aggressively when they are with men. It was actually a nice change of pace from the usual knocks and jerks Treston had been getting from guys like Harlan Rocks and Chad Pratt.

When Treston had sucked Jake to the point of tasting him, and the head of Jake's dick began to expand, Jake reached down between his legs with both hands and held Treston's face. He took a deep breath and said, "I have condoms, man."

With half of Jake's dick still in his mouth, Treston nodded. Then he slowly moved his head away from Jake's crotch. Before he stood up, he sent Jake an upward glance and kissed his dick one last time. For some reason Treston had never understood, some men love to have their dicks worshipped, and Jake was one of them. Treston had never felt that way about his own dick. He liked it, and he didn't have any complaints. But he'd never expected anyone to worship it either.

While Jake put on the condom, Treston leaned forward over the metal desk this time and spread his legs. A moment later, he grabbed the edge of the desk and spread his legs wider when Jake's hand touched the bottom of his ass. Although the condom was pre-lubricated, Jake took a little extra time before he mounted him. He wet his middle finger with saliva and gently inserted it in a way that made the lips of Treston's anus respond with sensations that didn't usually happen until later. Treston lifted his bottom higher and stood on his tiptoes without saying a word. When he did this, Jake must have sensed his positive response and he shoved his finger all the way in and moved it around a few times.

Right before Jake mounted, he held Treston's hips and said, "This is going to sound dumb, but I can't believe I'm doing this to you right now. I can't stop thinking about the ping-pong balls, man. I've tapped ass before with chicks, but never with a dude who stuck a ping-pong ball shooter up his ass."

Treston stood higher on his tiptoes and wiggled his ass a few times. "To bad I didn't know. I would have brought the ping-pong balls with me and given you a private show."

After Treston said this, Jake held his hips tighter and he started to breathe heavier. Then he entered and Treston's head went back. "You're really a sweet guy," Jake said, and started moving his pelvis. "I thought you'd have a bad attitude like a lot of the hot guys who strip. But you're nothing like that at all."

By that time Treston's mouth was open and he didn't care about anything but getting fucked. Oh, he knew this was his one big downfall in life: he liked men. He swore to himself he would work on this. At least he knew he wouldn't fall in love with Jake, and this would just be a quick encounter that meant nothing to him. But this didn't mean he had to ignore the fact he liked everything Jake was doing to him at that moment, both physically and emotionally. If liking men and dick were his worst flaws in life, he figured he might be one of the lucky ones because at least he actually knew what he did like. From what he could see, most people didn't.

After they came and Jake pulled out, Jake asked if he could keep Treston's see-through thong. They both knew they would probably never see each other again, so that wasn't an issue. If they did, it would be with Treston on stage and Jake in the audience. Treston slipped the thong over Jake's head, let it dangle from his neck, and said, "Happy birthday, handsome." He kissed him on the lips. "I hope you'll remember your thirtieth birthday for a very long time."

Jake gave him a big hug and said, "Oh, you can count on it. And thanks for being so cool about me being bisexual."

Treston reached down to squeeze his balls one more time before they got dressed. "I don't understand."

Jake reached around to rub Treston's ass one more time before they got dressed. "Straight guys treat bisexuals like they're gay, and gay guys treat bisexuals like they're afraid to come out of the closet and really be gay. And I really am bisexual. I really do like both men and women. A lot of people don't get it."

"I just think you're a great guy," Treston said, then turned and walked to the other side of the desk to put on his clothes.

When they were both dressed, Treston heard someone moving around outside Jake's office. He glanced at a clock on Jake's wall and saw it was twelve fifteen. "I can't believe we've been in here all this time." The last time he'd read the clock, it had been a little after eight in the morning.

"I can't either," Jake said. "When you go out I'll just tell Sally you were here for an interview. She's the receptionist and I'd rather she didn't know what just happened. You know how it is, buddy."

"Sure, buddy," Treston said. "No problem." He didn't emphasize the word "buddy" to be sarcastic. He thought it was both sexy and cute when straight guys did it.

"But I am going to call my buddy Joe and thank him for hiring you," Jake said. "This was freaking awesome." He reached into his back pocket and pulled out cash. "I'd like to give you something a little extra."

Treston smiled and said, "No, I couldn't take it. But thanks for offering." He almost told him the truth, that this Joe guy hadn't hired him. But then he thought about how surprised Jake would be when he found out Treston hadn't done this for money and he'd really wanted to do it. He had a feeling it might have made Jake feel awkward or weird. So he kissed him goodbye and turned toward the door. Before he unlocked it and left he said, "Say hi to Joe for me."

When he reached the street, he decided to walk a few blocks north to a little erotic boutique where they sold sexy underwear. So much for getting a real job in the real world. He couldn't even show up for a job on a cheesy used-car lot without being recognized as the male stripper who shot ping-pong balls out of his ass. He had mixed emotions about this and he wasn't sure how he would feel two hours from now. On the one hand, it was nice to be recognized for doing something unique, and shooting ping-pong balls out of your ass wasn't something everyone did. And having sex with a guy like Jake had not been a bad experience. Treston's entire body was still tingling all over. But on the other hand, Treston had no idea what would become of him or what his future would be like. At that point he wasn't so sure he could change and started to have second thoughts about all the things he'd been planning for the future. He dreaded how he'd feel later that night: like a loser with no prospects for a decent future.

As he crossed the street, he heard a horn honk. When he glanced to the right he saw Cooper Boon pull up to the curb in front of him. Cooper jumped out of the park ranger truck and smiled. "I thought it was you. I'm on my way to work. Can I give you a lift?"

Though they'd been in touch with social media since they'd met, this was the first time they'd actually seen each other since the day Cooper had rescued him in Lake Mead. Treston stopped short and returned the smile. He couldn't stop smiling. It seemed like destiny had intervened one more time, and just when Treston needed it the most. The last guy Treston thought he'd run into that day was Cooper Boon. But here he was, standing in the road in his park ranger uniform and cowboy hat, ready to rescue Treston one more time. As he ran to Cooper, he felt a sting in his eye. And when he put his arms around Cooper and hugged him, he started to cry so hard Cooper could barely get him into the truck.

Chapter Twelve

"I can't thank you enough for helping me get this job," Treston said. He was standing at a file cabinet in the park ranger's station at Lake Mead, wearing his new beige park ranger uniform. He felt so professional and so normal he could hardly contain his emotions. There would have been a time when the only way he would have worn a drab outfit like this was during a fantasy park ranger strip routine at Chickey's club. He'd been tempted to do this. He'd thought about wearing the uniform on stage, stripping, and shooting ping-pong balls out of his ass. But he didn't want to disappoint Cooper and dismissed the thought completely.

"Don't give it a second thought," Cooper said. "It's nice having you around. I like it." He was on his way out the door to ride the trails on horseback that afternoon. He wore those sexy cowboy boots and hat that always made Treston's heart flutter a little. Before he left, he crossed to the file cabinet, put his arms around Treston, and kissed him goodbye. "I'll see you later. We'll take our nap and order take-out as our Monday usual. I love you."

Cooper had set routines that couldn't be broken. Treston didn't need a watch or a calendar anymore. Cooper always napped for an hour after work. On Mondays they ordered Chinese take-out from the place that delivered a few blocks away from Cooper's apartment-kung pao chicken, an egg roll, and always three fortune cookies for Cooper. Treston could tell it was Tuesday if Cooper rode the trails in a pick-up truck, Wednesday if Cooper had chicken salad for lunch, and Thursday if Cooper wore his black cowboy boots. Treston would never have known it was Thursday if Cooper didn't vacuum the entire apartment at precisely eight o'clock in the evening, or Friday if he didn't have a small glass of prune juice after dinner. He even went to bed at ten every night and woke at six every morning without deviating from the pattern. They had sex between six and seven a.m. On Sundays, Treston always got spanked on the kitchen table.

Treston glanced over his shoulder to be sure Roger, the other ranger who worked at the desk full time, hadn't returned from lunch yet. Then he reached down, squeezed Cooper's dick, and said, "I love you, too. You're my hero."

It was about a month after Treston ran into Cooper near the used-car dealership where he'd gone to apply for a job. After Cooper helped Treston into the car, he drove him home and called in sick that day. He spent the rest of the afternoon listening to Treston talk about how frustrated he was with his life and how he wanted to change his circumstances. In the past when they'd communicated with each other online, Treston had held back and he'd never gone into any great details about what he did for a living, especially the part about being an escort sometimes. But that afternoon he told Cooper Boon everything, from his ping-pong ball act to the guys he saw in private sometimes after the shows. Treston figured if he wanted a relationship with this man he had to be honest and it had to be based on mutual trust.

Cooper sat and listened without saying much. At one point, he sat down on the sofa next to Treston and put his arms around him. He held him tightly and said, "I had a feeling your life wasn't exactly normal or perfect. But I had no idea it was this complicated. What you need is stability. You need a regular routine." He made a fist and pounded the sofa arm.

At the time, Treston felt secure confessing all this to Cooper. Though he was attracted to Cooper, he didn't think Cooper would ever want to get involved with him. Good guys like Cooper Boon didn't think about starting relationships with strippers who sometimes got paid to have sexual encounters with other men. Good guys like Cooper Boon found decent, respectable guys with whom to build relationships around set patterns and normal routines.

So no one could have been more surprised than Treston when Cooper grabbed him, threw him down on the sofa, and kissed him. And when Cooper stopped kissing and said, "I'll help you get a job because I'm in love with you and I want to marry you," Treston thought he'd lost his senses for a moment.

Treston sat back and said, "All the other men I've been with don't bother you? And I've never been able to stick to a routine or pattern in my life."

Cooper reached for Treston's hands and held them tightly. "No. The other men don't bother me. I'm in love with you and that's all that matters. And I'll turn you around. I'll get you into a routine."

Cooper didn't go home that night. For once, he broke his routine. They ordered take-out, drank wine until midnight, and wound up in Treston's bed, where Treston was surprised to learn Cooper Boon made love even rougher and with more intensity than any of the bad boys Treston had dated in the past. That night Cooper threw him down, slapped him in all the right spots, and turned him around in so many different positions Treston actually had trouble keeping up with him. He even grabbed his throat and punched him a few times. In the morning, when Treston climbed out of bed to examine the bruises on the backs of his legs, he noticed Cooper's cowboy hat and boots on the bedroom floor and smiled. He knew, deep in his gut, he'd finally found the right man to fall in love with.

The rest happened so fast Treston barely had time to think. Cooper got him a part-time job at Lake Mead working as a file clerk three mornings a week in the ranger's station. He wanted Treston to quit his job at Chickey's strip club right away, but Treston said he couldn't do it until he either was married or had another full-time job with which he could support himself. So Cooper made a deal with him. He told Treston if he quit his job at Chickey's he would marry him, even though gay marriage was not legally recognized. He said Treston could move into his larger apartment and he would take care of him until he found a full-time job that didn't include stripping. Then he kissed Treston and told him he loved him and he would always take care of him. So Treston agreed to everything and they set a wedding date with enough time for Treston to give his notice at the club, clean up his affairs, and get out of his lease.

One month later, as Treston organized a few files in the ranger's station, he still felt so giddy about his new life he found himself whistling You Are My Sunshine and didn't even realize it. He was doing this when the heavyset ranger, Roger, returned from lunch. Cooper had been gone for about an hour. Roger opened the door and sent him a look, and Treston stopped whistling immediately. Then Treston smiled and asked, "Is there anything special you'd like me to do for you before I leave? I don't mind. I have plenty of time." Because he only worked part time three mornings a week and didn't have a car, he had to spend the entire afternoon on the days he worked walking the trails of Lake Mead until Cooper was finished working so he could take him home. He didn't mind staying in the station and working without getting paid. He would have done anything short of blowing Roger to pass the time.

Roger shrugged and said, "Nothing I can think of." He was one of those hapless souls without much energy. Nothing excited him more than a dozen doughnuts or a full box of Oreos. Nothing ever seemed to upset him either, which made him easy to work with. The first week Treston had started working there, Roger had entered the back room and he'd found Treston in Cooper's arms near the lockers where the rangers changed their clothes. They'd been kissing, thinking they were all alone, and Treston's pants had been down around his ankles. Any of the other rangers would have gasped and kicked them both out. But not Roger. He just sent them a glance, rubbed his large stomach, gaped at Treston's ass for a second, and continued to the bathroom without as much as a second glance. When Treston tried to apologize later and tell Roger nothing like that would ever happen again, Roger just shrugged and said, "It's none of my business what anyone else does. I keep to myself."

"Are you sure you don't need anything done?" Treston said now. It was hot out and he didn't feel like walking the trails all afternoon. "I can clean the place up a little. I don't think the floor has been vacuumed in a while. I don't mind at all."

Roger glanced down at his desktop and said, "Nope. I'm good. I'll see you later."

Treston knew there was nothing he could say or do to change Roger's mind. He didn't want Roger to get annoyed with him. So he went to the back room, changed his clothes, and left the ranger's station about fifteen minutes later. He started walking toward one of his favorite trails, as far away from the trail where Harlan Rocks had left him naked as he could get. He liked this trail in particular because he sometimes ran into Cooper later in the afternoon as Cooper was heading back to the station and Cooper would break his routine. Sometimes they would sneak behind a rock and make love. One afternoon Cooper pulled down Treston's pants and bent him over a flat boulder, and another afternoon Treston blew Cooper while he was still on his horse. Sometimes-and only when Cooper requested it-Treston would remove all his clothes and put on Cooper's cowboy boots and hat while Cooper threw Treston over the horse and spanked him.

It didn't take long for Treston to learn that strait-laced Cooper Boon, who appeared so conservative and set in his ways on the outside, had a few kinky needs in the bedroom. They weren't outrageous; just little things like Treston wearing his boots or Treston wearing long fake red fingernails. Cooper really seemed to get off spanking Treston with all kinds of things, from kitchen spatulas to the soles of his cowboy boots. Though these were not kinky things Treston would have ever done or even suggested, Treston felt the need to please the man he was in love with, partly because he was Treston's hero and partly because Cooper was the one man with the ability to take Treston away from the only life he'd known as a stripper.

While Treston headed toward the trail that afternoon, he started to whistle You Are My Sunshine again. He felt unusually excited and didn't know why. But as he turned right to head off the road, he heard a car coming, followed by sound of deep familiar voice saying, "Do you need a ride, bitch?"

Treston stopped walking and glanced up at the clear sky. He took a quick breath and rolled his eyes. This wasn't the first time something like this had happened in the past month. He turned slowly and glanced at the long black limo that had stopped at the side of the road. He put his hands on his hips, frowned, and said, "No, thank you. I don't need a ride." He had to clench his teeth to force himself not to smile.

Chad Pratt was hanging out of the back window. From what Treston could see, he was naked. Chad climbed up a little higher, flashed his dick, and said, "C'mon, bitch. You know you need me. I'll take you home. This park ranger shit isn't for you and you know it. You need a guy like me. You crave it."

Ever since the night they'd had dinner, Chad had been trying to contact him. Treston had thought the roses Chad had sent the day after had been the end of all this silliness. But he'd been wrong. A week after that Chad came to the club to watch him shoot ping-pong balls and he'd requested a private show later that night. When Chickey told Treston that Chad was waiting for him in the back, Treston explained to Chickey he didn't want to do a private show with Chad because he didn't want to get involved with him. He told Chickey the entire story about meeting Chad, having dinner with him, and the way Chad had been hounding him. Chickey listened without saying a word. After Treston explained the situation, Chickey went back and told Chad it wasn't going to happen. This was one of the things about Chickey that Treston loved most. It was also why he insisted on giving Chickey plenty of notice before he quit his job to marry Cooper. Treston knew the ping-pong ball show was important to the club and he didn't want Chickey to lose money. Chickey truly cared for the guys who worked for him and he never forced them to do anything they didn't want to do. Not even with Chad Pratt.

"Will you please leave me alone?" Treston said. "I'm not getting in the car with you, you tired old movie star." Although Treston thought Chad looked as adorable as ever hanging out of the back window naked, and they both knew he was only joking when he called him a tired old movie star, there was nothing Treston would to do ruin his wonderful relationship with Cooper. To leave a good solid man with a set routine for the worst bad boy in Vegas might have been something Treston would have done a year earlier. But not anymore.

Chad threw one of his long legs out the window and over the side of the limo. He started playing with himself-clearly not serious about getting off because that would have been insane; just joking around-right there on the side of the road and said, "I'm never going to leave you alone. I love you. I'm even thinking about starting a new career as a stripper to get closer to you."

"Well, I don't love you," Treston said. "And you're too old to strip."

Chad laughed. "Yes, you do. You just won't admit it. And I'll bet I could shoot ping-pong balls out of my ass better than you."

"I don't have to admit anything," Treston said. "And you only think you love me because I keep rejecting you. I know how that works, trust me. It's all a big game with guys like you, the assholes of the world, and the only reason you want me is because I don't want you."

"I've changed," Chad said. "I'm not an asshole anymore. I'm not even an asswipe."

"That's not what I read in the newspaper," Treston said. About a week after Treston had had dinner with Chad, while Chad had been sending him roses and gifts, Chad's blond boyfriend with the potty mouth had discovered Chad in bed with his brother again. The blond potty mouth went berserk and chased his brother down the street naked. When potty mouth caught his brother, he beat him up-kicks and scratches-he wound up getting arrested and the brother pressed charges against him. Of course Chad had kept his own name out of the paper, and what that had cost him Treston could only guess. But Treston knew the moment he read the article and recognized the photo of the blond potty mouth on the front page, Chad had been the man they'd been fighting over.

Chad jumped out of the limo stark naked and jogged to where Treston was standing. "You don't have to worry about Dare anymore. We broke up after that unfortunate incident."

Treston pulled him to the left, behind a large rock. "You're going to get arrested. A man your age in your position shouldn't be running around naked in the middle of the day. Have you lost your mind completely?"

Chad continued to smile. His steel blue eyes and the little fleck of silver in his hair sparkled in the bright sun. "I don't care if I get arrested. I love you and nothing else matters."

"Oh please," Treston said. "You're a horny middle-aged man is what you are. The only thing you want is the one thing you know you can't have. Now once and for all, leave me alone. Go sleep with someone's brother or cousin. I've told you a hundred times I'm in love with Cooper and I'm planning to marry him."

"There's something weird about that dude," Chad said. "I can sense it. I'll bet he's into feet, or some kind of kinky shit. I can spot a fucking perv a mile away. Does he pee on you?"

Although Cooper had actually spent hours sucking Treston's toes-usually on Saturdays-and it seemed to be the only thing he wanted to do on that particular day, Treston was not going to admit this to Chad. "He's a good, decent man. And he's got more moral fiber than you'll ever have. I'm in love with him and he'd do anything for me."

"A guy like him can't make you happy," Chad said. "I know you too well. You need someone like me. Just get into the car with me now and we'll go right to the airport. We'll take my private jet to Maine and have fresh lobster for dinner. You don't have to look back."

Treston turned toward the trail and said, "I'm leaving now, and I suggest you go back to the car and get inside before someone sees you like this."

"I know what you mean," Chad said. He frowned and glanced down at his body. "No one wants to see a middle-aged man running around naked. It's the old skin. It creeps them out."

"Oh, knock it off," Treston said. "You know damn well you're gorgeous." Though Treston didn't want to feed his huge ego, he knew if Chad stripped at the club, he'd blow them all away.

Chad smiled and tugged on his dick. He was fully erect now. "I know I am, but I wanted to hear you say it."

As hard as he tried, Treston couldn't get mad at him. But he had a good life with Cooper now and he wasn't going to let a man like Chad ruin his one chance at happiness. So he turned around this time and started walking up the trail. He knew Chad wouldn't follow him in bare feet because there were too many small, sharp rocks. "Go home and find someone else to bother," Treston said.

Chad didn't follow him. He remained where he was and said, "I love you."

Treston smiled but he didn't turn around. As he continued up the trail, he lifted his arm, waved, and said, "Go home and torture someone else. I'm going to look for the man I plan to marry."

Chad shouted one last time he loved him, and then he must have gone back to the car. Treston heard the door slam in the distance but he didn't turn around. For the first time he felt strong and he couldn't wait to get to the club and tell Lyon and J.D. how he'd turned down Chad Pratt once again. He knew J.D. would tell him he'd lost his mind. He knew Lyon would listen without saying anything. He liked this trait most about Lyon: he never gave advice and he never judged. Treston had learned straight men sometimes gave the best advice by not saying too much-they didn't seem to crave that false sense of exaggerated emotion and drama that Treston sometimes had a tendency to cling to. While everyone thought they were clueless, those big dumb straight guys went far deeper than even they realized.

Then Treston wondered how on earth Chad Pratt could have guessed Cooper had those silly little sexual kinks, especially the foot fetish. They weren't anything serious. Treston didn't have a problem overlooking them because Cooper was such a good, decent man. In spite of this, he had to admit Chad's instincts were far better than his morals or his ethics.

As he rounded a corner on the trail, he fought the urge to look back. An hour later, he smiled when he saw Cooper's horse approaching in the distance. It was early; he hadn't expected to see him this soon. He took this as a sign of good fortune. In only a short time they would be married and living together and everything would be perfect. The only thing Treston had to do now was teach Lyon how to shoot ping-pong balls out of his ass so Chickey wouldn't lose the most important show he had. J.D. had offered to learn the ping-pong ball act, but Lyon told Treston he really needed the extra money. He'd just learned his wife was going to have a baby. Treston couldn't say no; Lyon was his best friend in the entire world. Only he wasn't so sure a straight man could learn how to shoot ping-pong balls out of his ass. This required a certain tolerance he wasn't sure Lyon had.

Chapter Thirteen

"Everything is set for the wedding next Sunday, and I've reserved a van to move my things out of the apartment," Treston said. It was a Tuesday evening and they were sitting in the living room of Cooper Boon's apartment, watching TV. Treston had given Chickey plenty of notice and he wasn't working at the club that night. His last official night at the strip club was Saturday and that was really only because he wanted to be there to help Lyon do the ping-pong ball routine for the first time in public. On Saturday, they would do a dual strip show and Treston would help Lyon out on stage with the ping-pong ball shooters. It hadn't been easy teaching him the act. Up until this point Lyon had never had anything larger than his wife's finger up his butt. The first time Treston inserted the ping pong ball gun, Lyon screamed with such force poor Chickey came running out of the bathroom with a piece of toilet paper stuck to his shoe, wondering what had happened.

"Sounds good," Cooper said. He was sitting in front of a large flat-screen TV on a brown leather recliner that had a tear next to the lever. "Are you sure this guy, Chickey, is a real minister? I wanna do right by you."

Treston was sitting at the end of a long black vinyl sectional sofa that had built-in cup holders on the arms and cracks in the cushions. "Yes, he got certified on the Internet. And it doesn't really matter anyway because gay marriage isn't legal." He felt a sudden sense of disappointment when he glanced at the makeshift coffee table. The TV was the only thing in the room worthwhile. Cooper didn't believe in spending money on furniture or expensive household items. His dishes had chips and his flatware didn't match. His cups had no saucers and his napkins were paper. He thought it was more important to save money than waste it, so he'd taken a large piece of plywood and set it on four stacks of cinderblocks to make a coffee table. Treston didn't have the most expensive furniture, but what he had looked a lot nicer than Cooper's junk. He couldn't wait to move a few of his own things into this depressing living room.

Cooper scratched his dick and laughed. "I know gay marriage isn't legal. I just feel better for some reason knowing a real minister is marrying us."

Treston sighed. "I know what you mean. Maybe someday we'll be able to get legally married."

On Tuesdays, the routine never varied. Cooper was wearing the gray boxer shorts he always wore on Tuesday, with a white T-shirt and white socks. He was one of those men who took off their street clothes the minute they walk in the door. He'd taken his nap from four to five, they'd eaten dinner-meatloaf and instant mashed potatoes on Tuesdays-from six to seven, and now they were watching the news. Treston had on a black T-shirt and a white see-through thong. No socks, but he'd put Cooper's cowboy boots on because his feet had been cold.

He tried to avoid looking at the horrible coffee table and said, "I think it's so wonderful they're making the wedding for us. They are just the nicest group I've ever known." The guys at Chickey's club were throwing the small wedding on Sunday afternoon. Lyon and J. D. were in charge of everything and they wouldn't let Treston lift a finger to help. It would only be wedding cake baked by Lyon's wife and wine Chickey had been kind enough to donate. Best of all, Lyon's wife, a singer at a small lounge on the strip, had she'd agreed to sing You Are My Sunshine while Treston walked down the aisle. They'd originally decided neither of them would walk down the aisle, but Chickey had insisted on giving Treston away and they'd back down to please him.

"I'll just be glad when you're done with all that," Cooper said. He belched and scratched his balls again. He never made his feelings about Treston's job at the club a secret.

"I know," Treston said. "But I have to admit I'll miss them, especially Lyon and J.D."

"It's going to be a whole new life," Cooper said. "We'll never be apart again. You won't be missing that creepy joint for long."

Although Treston was looking forward to all the changes coming his way, he didn't reply to Cooper. Instead, he glanced at the TV and gaped at what he saw. It's a good thing he'd put down his soda, because if he'd been drinking at the time the soda would have gone right up his nose.

Treston pointed to the TV and said, "Put that up louder."

Cooper turned up the volume and said, "It's just that billionaire ex-movie actor who owns all those sub-divisions. I don't think he's made a movie in years. He still looks good, though, for an older dude. I have to give him credit for something."

When Treston saw Chad Pratt standing next to a TV reporter, he held his palm to his chest and took a deep breath. "I can't even imagine what he's going to talk about." Chad didn't give interviews often. He remained aloof with the press at all times, to the point where he was often described as reclusive. Treston knew this wasn't the truth. Chad wasn't reclusive; he just hated most people; he thought they were dumb. Treston hadn't seen or heard from Chad since the afternoon Chad had jumped out of the limo naked. Though Treston had told Cooper everything about his past, he hadn't gone into explicit details. He also hadn't mentioned his brief encounter with Chad. He figured it was important to keep one personal thing to himself no one else would ever know.

Cooper laughed and said, "I'm sure it's nothing earth-shattering." He wasn't big on anything pop culture. He thought movies stars were overpaid buffoons, the Oscars a complete waste of time, and didn't understand why anyone would pay a small fortune to go to the movies when they could wait and rent the same movie for much less money six months later at one of those little red kiosks at the supermarket. It was one of the things about Cooper that bothered Treston sometimes. Treston couldn't imagine going through life with such a dismal, cynical attitude about everything most of the world considered fun.

Treston sat back and braced himself against the cracked cushion.

The TV reporter said, "So this is your first movie in ten years."

Chad flashed a big wide grin at the camera and said, "Yes, I've been very busy working on other aspects of my life." He looked into the camera as if he were going to kiss the lens. He wore a black suit jacket and a white shirt open at the collar. "I believe in giving back and helping others. I've spent a great deal of time working on my favorite charities over the years because that's what life's all about. I love my peeps."

Treston smiled and almost laughed aloud. The reporter didn't ask what charity Chad supported and Chad didn't offer to name one.

"Tell me a little about your next film, and why you decided to take the part after so many years of not working in the film industry," the reporter said.

"Okey-dokey," Chad said. "Let the shenanigans begin."

This made Treston roll his eyes and smile. He knew Chad was working the reporter. The real Chad Pratt would never have said, "Okey-dokey, or used a corny word like "shenanigans."

Chad smiled even wider. His eyes twinkled and the dimples in his cheeks deepened. "I'm going to be playing Jesus," he said in a humble, soft tone. "I took the awesome part because I think Jesus was the greatest, most coolest figure to ever walk the Earth. He's the main dude, the man I admire the most. And even though I'm just a simple, humble man myself, and I'm not even sure I can do the part justice, I wanted to take it on because it will be the most serious challenge of my career-and my life." This time he almost winked at the camera. For a second, Treston wondered if he'd pull out a strand of rosary beads, genuflect, and start praying.

Cooper laughed. "I read he got paid eight million bucks to do it."

That sounded more like the real Chad.

The TV reporter almost swooned. It looked as if she got a thrill up her leg whenever Chad looked directly into her eyes. "Will you be wearing one of those skimpy little loincloths in the film?"

Chad pretended to be embarrassed. He didn't actually blush, but he looked down and glanced up at the lens in a helpless way. "I'm afraid so. I'll be working hard on my body for a while with a personal trainer. I'm not as young as I used to be."

This time the reporter blushed. "Oh, I don't think you have anything to worry about, Chad." She sounded giddy now, all shits and giggles, as if she had thrills going up both legs.

Treston just sat and gaped at the screen. If he didn't know this was the same Chad Pratt who had been sleeping with his boyfriend's brother, and the same Chad Pratt who had a reputation of dumping men all over the world, he would have thought he was literally watching the reincarnation of Jesus himself on TV that evening. The man deserved an Oscar nod just for that TV interview alone.

God bless Hollywood once again. They finally found the one man in the world who was the least like Jesus to play Jesus in a movie.

The reporter smiled and said, "Well, all your fans are thrilled to hear you're working on a film again. And this one sounds so exciting."

Chad shrugged and sent her a bashful smile. Then he looked into the camera one last time and said, "You know, that's what it's all about for me. Making people happy. I love each and every one of my fans and all I want to do is please them."

The reporter mentioned something about Chad's new charity for animal rescue and how he'd saved a basket full of "fluffy white" kittens, and then she talked about all this "shenanigans." She actually said, "Weee!" This made Treston wonder about whether the TV viewers really bought all this fake promotional crap-or anything Chad had said during the interview. She finally thanked Chad for the quick interview and they cut to a commercial. Cooper turned the TV off and stretched his long hairy legs. Another thing about Tuesday night Treston had learned to expect was sex. And not just any old sex. Cooper liked kinky sex on Tuesday nights and it usually meant Treston was going to get spanked.

While Treston was still thinking about Chad's fake interview and trying to picture him as Jesus, Cooper stood up and said, "I thought we'd try something a little different tonight."

"Different?"

"I have something hidden in the bedroom I'm going to show you for the first time," Cooper said. "I think you'll like it." Then he turned and loped out of the living room.

Though Treston would have done anything on some nights to deviate from their regular routine, this time he had a sinking feeling in his stomach. So far he'd been spanked, he'd had his feet licked from toe to heel, he'd worn high heels and a push-up bra, and he'd let Cooper pee on him in the shower-and he'd only agreed to this because it was in the shower. The Tuesday night he'd worn long red fingernails and black lace stockings, Cooper had fucked him over the toilet bowl. Treston always figured it was the least he could do for a man who loved him so much, and it did break up the routine. After all, Cooper had turned out to be his hero and he'd saved him from a life of stripping and escorting until he was too old to do it any longer. If he couldn't do a few little things in bed to please the man he was going to marry, he wasn't much of a partner. So he stood up, crossed into the bedroom, and waited to find out what fresh new kink from hell Cooper wanted him to do that night.

He found Cooper backing out of the closet in the bedroom. He was pulling a huge box Treston had noticed a few times but had never bothered to examine. When the box was in the middle of the room, Cooper opened it up and said, "This is where I keep all my toys. I've been saving it to show you."

"Your toys?"

He suspected Cooper wasn't talking about his miniature race cars and stuffed animals.

While Treston stood and watched, Cooper leaned forward, reached into the box, and pulled out a pair of black patent leather knee-high boots with six-inch stilettos. He tossed them on the bed and reached into the box again. This time he pulled out a leather whip, a set of black leather wrist restraints, and one of those dog collars attached to a leash Treston had seen in the erotic boutique where he bought all his sexy underwear. Treston didn't judge anyone who was into BDSM, but he had always wondered about what kind of people got into that sort of thing in the same way he wondered how anyone could be a vegan. And now he knew.

Cooper started to remove his boxers and his T-shirt. "I'm so glad you're into the same things I'm into. It makes things so much more fun. You're going to love this."

Treston had told Cooper he didn't mind doing certain things, but he'd never actually said he was into kinky sex, especially not bondage and leather. If there was one thing Treston hated more than anything, it was being confined. The boots were sexy; he didn't mind them. He could manage the collar and leash. Even the whip didn't intimidate him. But the thought of having his wrists restrained caused his heart to race out of control.

Only he soon discovered he'd been worrying for nothing, because the moment Cooper was naked he crossed to the bed and he put on the high-heeled boots himself. While he zipped one up, he glanced back at Treston and said, "I figured we'd switch things around tonight. I'll be the bottom and you'll be the top. Could you come over here and help me with the wrist restraints?"

For a moment, Treston thought he'd lost his hearing. The one thing he'd never heard was a man asking him to be the top. His heart started to race even faster. His mouth became dry. He wasn't even sure how to be a top in bed. Treston as the bottom had always been an unspoken reality with the men he'd been with. The one time he'd tried to be a top he'd only been nineteen years old. He'd met a sweet little ginger guy at a bar and they'd gone back to Treston's apartment. But when the guy pulled down his pants, bent over, and started begging Treston to fuck him, Treston gave it his best shot and they wound up jacking off to porn in the Internet instead.

After Cooper put on the high-heeled boots, collar, leash, and one wrist restraint, Treston went over to the bed and fastened his other wrist to the restraint so Cooper's hands would be bound behind his back. Treston glanced at his big strong hero in high-heeled boots and tried hard not to recoil. It wasn't that Cooper looked bad. Treston could get used to the high heels and the other kinky things in time. The collar and leash didn't even bother him that much. He could see Cooper's excitement: his dick had grown to a full nine-inch erection and they hadn't even done anything yet. The problem was Treston couldn't seem to get an erection no matter how hard he tried.

Cooper sent him a look and said, "How do you want to fuck me?"

Treston squeezed his huge bicep and said, "Why don't you fuck me instead? You look so hot in that outfit. I can climb up, straddle you, and ride you. I know how much you like that." He was prepared to lick the high heels if it meant he didn't have to top.

Cooper sat down on the bed and turned sideways. Then he rolled over on his stomach and spread his big muscular legs. "I think I'd rather get fucked tonight. And don't forget the whip. It's on the edge of the bed."

Treston gulped; he didn't know what to do. Though it would have been nice to have a little advance warning about this. He didn't want to disappoint him. So he picked up the whip and said, "Spread those legs," in the deepest voice he could manage. Then he cracked the whip against Cooper's ass and shouted, "I'm going to punish you. You've been a very bad boy."

Treston had seen and heard enough about bondage and discipline to know a few basics. He tried as hard as he could to pretend Cooper was the submissive and he the dominant top. Treston called him names, humiliated him, and told him he was a bad boy as he cracked the whip. But the entire time Treston did this he couldn't stop thinking about the limp penis hanging between his own legs.

When Cooper started to beg Treston to fuck him, Treston blinked and said, "Be patient, you bad little bitch." Then he turned and glanced into the big box of sex toys on the floor to see if there was something in there that might get him hard enough to fuck Cooper. When he spotted a strap-on dildo a sense of relief rushed through him and actually sighed aloud.

"Fuck me like a bitch," Cooper said. He was still face down on the bed and he couldn't see what Treston was doing.

"I've got something special for you," Treston said. "You're going to beg for more, bitch."

When the strap-on dildo was around his hips, he reached for a tube of lubricant they kept on the dresser and removed the lid. Then he climbed up on the bed, crawled between Cooper's legs, and covered the fake penis with lube. At first, he wasn't sure this would work. The dildo had to be at least ten inches long and thick as a Coke bottle. Treston's main concern was Cooper wouldn't be able to take it all and Treston would have to admit he couldn't get a strong enough erection to fuck him.

But the moment Treston pointed the head of the dildo to the lips of Cooper's anus, the high-heeled boots went up and Cooper started begging him to go deeper.

Treston slipped it in with little effort. He asked, "Does it hurt?" Treston didn't even think he could take something so large himself.

"Deeper," Cooper said. "Don't stop. Fuck me deeper."

So Treston plunged all the way in with a thrust so obnoxious he felt a pull in his own stomach. It was the most unusual sexual thing Treston had ever done because he felt absolutely nothing at all. When he started to move his hips and the fake penis began to slid in and out of Cooper's body, he wondered how on Earth anyone could handle something that large and intimidating. It didn't seem to bother Cooper. He continued to scream, moan, and beg for it deeper, harder, and faster. So Treston gave him exactly what he wanted, and Cooper wound up climaxing twenty minutes later without even touching his dick once.

When it was over, Treston pulled out and glanced at a small clock on the nightstand. He reached forward and unfastened the wrist restraints so Cooper could get up and use the bathroom. It was almost nine and that was when they usually went to bed and watched old reruns of Bonanza-Cooper's favorite TV show of all time-until Cooper fell asleep at exactly five after ten on the dot. Though Treston always had trouble going to sleep that early, he would turn off the TV and reach for his phone on the nightstand. He'd learned how to read on his phone in bed until midnight. Then he would plug in the earphones and listen to You Are My Sunshine until he felt tired enough to close his eyes.

While Treston removed the strap-on dildo, Cooper sat up and turned to face him. He smiled and said, "That was freaking unreal, man. I haven't gotten off like that in a long time."

Treston smiled but he didn't look up. "I had fun, too." He still had trouble believing Cooper had taken the entire thing.

"But you didn't get off," Cooper said. "You want a blow job? I don't mind. I'm in a really submissive mood tonight."

Treston glanced at his limp penis; he still hadn't removed the thong. "I'm good. I don't need to get off all the time. You can fuck me in the morning before we go to work."

Cooper climbed off the bed and walked over to where Treston was standing. He took the strap-on out of his hands and kissed him on the cheek. "I'm going to clean up. I'll be right back. When I was going through the channels earlier I saw there's a special episode of Bonanza on TV tonight and you'll love it." Then he turned and headed to the bathroom, with the high heels clicking against the wooden floor. For such a butch, conservative guy, he seemed to know how to walk around in high heels awfully well. Before he closed the door, he glanced back and said, "I love you."

Treston removed his shirt and said, "I love you, too."

While Cooper was in the bathroom, Treston removed the top cover and threw it in the hamper. Then he climbed into bed naked and switched on the TV. As he watched a commercial about a cold and flu medicine, he felt a warm comfortable sensation pass through his body and he wasn't sure why at first. He'd been so surprised at what Cooper had asked him to do that night he hadn't been thinking clearly. But now he realized he was doing exactly what he'd always dreamed of doing all of his life. But more than , he felt good about the way he'd pleased his lover that night and put all of his own needs aside.

The disappointment faded fast. He thought about the wedding at Chickey's club, about moving in with Cooper full time, and how wonderful it felt to be in love with a man he knew would never hurt him. If it meant he had to make a few allowances in bed and cater to his lover's slightly kinky needs, he could do this for the rest of his life. It was better than being left broke and naked on a trail at Lake Mead. If being with Cooper meant he would sometimes be required to be the dominant top in bed, he could learn to do this for the rest of his life as well. When the theme song to Bonanza started to play, he pulled up the covers and hummed the tune aloud. There was no place on Earth he would rather have been on that particular night than in bed with the man he loved watching cheesy old reruns on TV.

Chapter Fourteen

In order to celebrate Treston's last night at Chickey's, his co-workers had planned a party on Saturday night after the show. The club would remain open, but on nights like that almost all the customers went home after the main show and Chickey didn't mind doing this one special thing for Treston. Actually, it was Chickey who had insisted on the party.

Although Cooper had never actually been to Chickey's or seen Treston on stage, Treston wanted him to be there for the party. He'd been talking about Cooper to all his friends for a long time and no one had actually met him. J.D. even insinuated Cooper might have been a figment of Treston's exaggerated imagination, and that really pissed Treston off. So before he left for the club on Saturday evening, he went into the bedroom where Cooper was napping and sat on the edge of the bed. It was almost five o'clock and he knew Cooper would be getting up soon.

He tugged on Cooper's big toe, then lightly ran his fingertips up his hairy calf. Cooper had once told Treston he liked being woken the way his mom used to do it when he'd been a kid. The only difference was Treston's hand went much higher than Cooper's mom's hand had gone when he'd been a kid. Treston slid his hand up through the leg of Cooper's boxer shorts and started squeezing his balls gently.

Cooper's eyes opened the minute Treston started squeezing. He spread his legs wider and glanced down to see what Treston was doing to him. "What's up?"

Treston leaned forward and licked his thigh. "I'm ready to leave for the club and I was just checking to be sure you're coming over later." They'd been through this a few times. At first, Cooper had refused to go to the party. He said it didn't bother him that Treston had worked as a stripper and an escort. But he also said he didn't want to see him in that kind of environment. His exact words had been, "Since you're putting this all behind you soon, there's no reason to mingle that part of your life with this new part."

Cooper yawned and said, "Yes. I'll be there. I'll come over around midnight." He didn't sound thrilled; his voice remained low and soft.

Treston squeezed his balls one last time and pulled his hand out of Cooper's underwear. Then he stood up, leaned over to kiss him goodbye, and said, "Great. I can't wait for everyone to meet you. I'm starting to think they don't believe you actually exist."

"I'll be there," Cooper said. He grabbed the back of Treston's neck and kissed him goodbye. When he finished, he smiled and said, "Do me a favor before you go?"

"What?"

Cooper wiggled his eyebrows and looked down at his crotch. "You know what to do."

When Treston looked down he saw Cooper's dick sticking out of his boxer shorts, resting flat against his lower abdomen. "I don't have time. I'll be late."

"It won't take long," Cooper said. "Please."

For one thing, Cooper hated to say no to a man who begged that way. For another, he thought it shame to waste a perfectly good erection. He figured Cooper would wind up jacking off when he left, so he set his backpack on the floor, bent over, and sucked Cooper into his mouth. He'd learned certain skills over the years from a few of his co-workers at the club, and he'd learned if he sucked a dick a certain way, and applied just the right amount of pressure in just the right places, he could get most men off within minutes. He'd also learned the fact that there would be no reciprocation that evening would make his job even easier. Men who knew they didn't have to respond seemed more relaxed in situations like this. Treston had never figured out exactly how that worked, but he assumed it had something to do with less anxiety over performance. There were times when all Treston wanted to do was lift his legs and get fucked; he didn't have to come all the time.

The room went silent and Cooper laced his fingers behind his head. In less than fifteen minutes, Treston deep-throated him and swallowed. Before Treston stood up, he made sure there wasn't a single drop left. When he did stand up, he gently packed Cooper's dick back into his boxer shorts and kissed him goodbye on the forehead because he knew Cooper didn't like the taste of come.

On the way to the club, a long black limo pulled up to a stop light where Treston was waiting to cross the street. Treston had decided to walk to work. It wasn't as hot as it had been earlier that week and he still had plenty of time to spare. While he stood there and waited for the light to change, he thought about how Lyon's first night doing the ping-pong ball act would turn out. Treston would be on stage with Lyon that night to help him out; they'd agreed to do a rare dual act so Lyon could get the hang of it, so to speak. But Treston had to admit he had his reservations. He'd been working with Lyon all week, showing him how to insert the ping-pong ball shooter into his ass so he could reach back and pull the trigger to create the illusion. And every single time the tip of the ping-pong ball shooter touched Lyon's anus, he screamed out in pain. When it was actually in him, as hard as he tried to smile, a look of pure discomfort would have been the only way to describe his expression.

The stoplight seemed to take forever to change. When Treston glanced at his watch to check on the time, the back window of the limo went down and a familiar voice said, "How about a lift to work?"

Treston glanced to the left and saw Chad Pratt's head poking through the open window. He'd started to grow a beard and there were cute little flecks of silver mingled with sandy blond stubble. For a second, he found it hard to exhale. "No, thank you, Jesus. I'm not that far away. I don't mind walking."

Chad laughed. The light changed and neither one of them made an attempt to move forward. "I see you've heard about my new movie. I'm growing a beard to get into character. I always become the character when I play a part. What do you think of it?"

Treston tilted his head one way, and then the other. He pressed his index finger to his chin and said, "I love the beard, but I'm not sure about the Jesus part. Because the day you play Jesus we're all in for trouble. Judas, yes. But not Jesus."

"Don't be mean," Chad said. "C'mon. Get in. I'll take you to work. You can sit on my lap and we'll do bad things."

"No, thank you." There was something about this man that made him smile and feel alive again. Treston felt drawn to him, as if an invisible force were pulling him into the limo. But he'd felt that way before about all the bad boys he'd fallen in love with and he wasn't going to let that happen again.

"Then I'll just have to come and see the show tonight," Chad said. "I've been missing you."

Treston set the backpack down on the pavement and clenched his fists. He walked up to the back door of the limo and glared at Chad. "Don't you dare show up tonight. This is my last night at the club and they're throwing a party for me. I'm moving out of my apartment on Sunday morning and I'm getting married to the man I love on Sunday afternoon. Cooper's coming to the party tonight and I don't want you there ruining things for me."

Chad stopped smiling. "So you're really going to do this. When Chickey told me I wasn't sure you'd actually do it."

"Yes, I'm really going to do it. I'm in love. And I would appreciate it if you didn't talk to Chickey about me."

"I've been keeping tabs," Chad said. "It's all harmless and Chickey's an old friend."

"Some people would call it stalking," Treston said.

Chad didn't actually frown, but he did send Treston one of the most intense looks anyone had sent him in years. He tilted his head and asked, "Are you happy?"

Treston hesitated for a moment. With Chad it was hard to tell if he was acting. This was the last thing Treston had expected him to say. He said, "I finally figured out how to not only change my life, but my circumstances. And most guys like me never figure that out. Cooper's one of the good guys."

Chad did not hesitate to reply. "I didn't ask you that. I'm sure this Chad is more like Jesus than Jesus himself. I asked you if you were happy."

Treston rolled his eyes. When Chad looked at him this way, he felt like gulping. It frightened him even more when he realized he wanted to get into the limo with him and hold him in his arms. But he wasn't falling for it anymore. No shifty, lying cheater would ever leave him naked at Lake Mead again. "Yes, I'm happy."

Chad winked at him and said, "That's all I wanted to know." Then he put the window up and told the driver to leave.

* * * *

Although Treston's regular Saturday night performance began at eleven o'clock and ran until eleven thirty, that night Chickey was trying out a new act where a young guy went out on stage and juggled six balls while wearing nothing but a sock over his dick and two fringed pasties over his nipples. Treston thought it was actually a very interesting act and he would have been intimidated if that hadn't been his last night at the club. The guy was damn good and Treston knew it. Instead of coming out on stage at the beginning of his act in a flamboyant fantasy cop or fireman costume like the other strippers did, this guy just loped out on stage in regular street clothes and he looked like any other straight young male tourist on the streets of Las Vegas. The fact that he didn't know how to dance at all only made it better. He had one of those naturally stocky bodies with just the right amount of hair everywhere. That night he moved his cute legs in every direction, except to the beat of the music-an old-fashioned retro stripper song women used to dance to. When he went out on stage, wearing flip-flops, baggy shorts, and a blue and white polo shirt, the men watching the show actually started to roar. And when he stripped down and started juggling the balls wearing the sock and pasties, they pounded the tables so hard one actually tipped over.

It took so long for the new guy to collect the tips the men had thrown on the stage for him, Treston and Lyon didn't actually go on until midnight. Treston had been hoping this wouldn't happen. He didn't want Cooper to see him shooting ping-pong balls out of his ass. But he couldn't say no; Lyon and Chickey were depending on him.

There were so many men in the club that night Treston couldn't see anything when he danced onto the stage in Lyon's arms. Lyon had decided he wanted to wear something more formal for the beginning of the act and he'd chosen tight black pants, a white shirt, and dressy black shoes. Treston wore the same identical outfit. Lyon wasn't the best dancer, so he'd decided to do a mock version of the tango to a classic song with which everyone was familiar. As an added bonus, they'd agreed to undress each other before they climbed up on the platform and did the ping-pong ball act. Lyon thought it would garner them more tips if they undressed each other. He also said Treston was the only guy he would trust doing this with. As a straight man, he had lines he refused to cross, but he said he knew Treston wouldn't take advantage and touch him or do anything to him that was inappropriate.

The first part of the act went smoothly and the customers applauded several moves they made. At one point, when Treston's cheek was against Lyon's cheek and they were gliding across the stage, Treston said, "Aren't you glad we rehearsed so much this week? They love us."

Lyon said, "I can't even believe I'm doing this. I usually just come out and swing my ass around, dude. I never thought I could actually dance, and not with another dude."

One of the things Treston loved most about Lyon was his humility. He truly was one of the few fantastic-looking straight men who didn't know it or use it to his advantage. "You're a wonderful dancer."

Then they broke away, did a few more complicated turns they'd rehearsed that week, and the music started to get faster for the second part of the act. This was where the actual stripping began. After they each kicked off their shoes and pulled off their socks, Treston danced over to Lyon and slowly unbuttoned his shirt, taking great care to be sure he didn't touch him in an inappropriate way. They continued to move their legs to the beat of the music the entire time and the men in the audience went silent and watched each move they made. When Lyon was down to nothing but a black silk thong, he reached forward and he began to undress Treston.

Only he didn't undress Treston the same way Treston had undressed him. As if he could sense the energy in the audience and the natural chemistry between them, he wrapped his naked legs around Treston's body, ran his hands up and down Treston's ass, and even pulled Treston in front of him and made bucking movements. At one point, when Treston was down to nothing but his black silk thong, and Lyon was behind him bucking, he tilted his head and said, "What on Earth are you doing? If you get any closer you're going to be inside me."

By that time the men were screaming for more. Lyon held Treston's waist tighter and said, "They love us. I'm giving them what they want. Look at all the money they're throwing on the stage. Just trust me. I know what I'm doing."

Though Treston felt awkward doing this with his best friend, a straight married guy no less, he threw his head back and laughed. He felt the energy and chemistry, too. He was having too much fun to complain. And he did know it was all in good fun and there was nothing serious about it. He kissed Lyon on the cheek and said, "You're the boss."

Lyon gave his ass a gentle slap and he said, "Just follow my next move and jump into my arms, buddy." Then he shoved Treston forward, turned him around, and pulled him back again so Treston could jump into his arms and wrap his legs around his waist. Even though they hadn't rehearsed this part, Treston followed his moves and wound up in his arms.

By the time the second part of the act was over, the front of the stage was stippled with loose cash. When the lights went down and two spotlights focused on the platform, a few men in the front row who must have seen Treston's show before started shouting, "Ping-pong," over and over.

Treston and Lyon climbed up on the platform and both reached down for the ping-pong ball shooters at the same time. Treston flung Lyon a quick nod and said, "Are you ready?"

Lyon made a face and said, "Ready as I'll ever be."

Treston noticed Lyon must have been practicing at home with the ping-pong ball shooter because when he inserted the clear plastic tube into his anal canal this time, he continued to smile. He didn't flinch, cringe, or lift an eyebrow. Maybe it was the music. In the past, Treston had always shot the ping-pong balls out of his ass to something like St. Louis Blues. But in order to claim the act as his own, Lyon had decided he wanted to shoot the balls out to The Star Spangled Banner.

Treston didn't say this aloud, but he wished he'd thought of doing this when he'd been performing the act alone. Because when The Star Spangled Banner began and the ping-pong balls began to soar through the air, a few of the older men actually placed their hands over their hearts and stood at attention. And as if this wasn't enough, when the part about the rockets' red glare and the bombs bursting through air played, they pulled the triggers faster and not only got a standing ovation from everyone in the house, but a few men stood at attention and saluted them. From the corner of his eye, Treston saw Chickey saluting while tears streamed down his face. Not many people knew he'd been to Vietnam.

When the show ended and they were backstage changing into their street clothes, Lyon grabbed Treston while they were still in their underwear and hugged him. "Buddy, that was the best show I've ever done. I could feel the energy coming from them. It was fucking outrageous, man. I've never felt such a high in my life."

Treston kissed him on the cheek and said, "I told you that you would be wonderful." He would miss Lyon most of all. They'd said they would keep in touch, but Treston was old enough to know this didn't happen most of the time. People moved away, moved on, and drifted apart. And Cooper didn't seem eager to get to know Treston's friends at the club.

Lyon held Treston closer and rubbed his back. "I couldn't have done it without you. I want you to have all the tips from tonight's show." Chickey always let the guys keep their tips.

Treston shook his head and said, "No. You're keeping the money and I don't want a penny. You have a wife and a kid coming soon."

J.D. was changing in front of the locker directly across from where they were hugging. He was trying to pack his big dick into a skimpy pair of white briefs. He sent them a smirk and said, "Why don't you two just fuck and get it over with? You're making me sick to my stomach already." He sounded sarcastic, but Treston noticed a hint of jealousy in his tone. J.D. had never received so many tips or that kind of applause on his best night, not even with his monster cock.

Treston held Lyon closer and rested his head on his chest. He glanced at J.D. and said, "Get your mind out of the gutter. My friendship with Lyon is one of the most important things in the world to me and neither one of us would ever take advantage of that."

Lyon's hand went down. J.D couldn't see this from where he was getting dressed. At the same time he squeezed Treston's ass he kissed him on the mouth-with his tongue.

A second later, Treston whispered so no one else could hear him. "What was that all about?"

"Just a show of affection to let you know how much I'm going to miss you. And if I ever do turn gay, I'm coming right after you because you're the sweetest little guy I've ever met. You're also the hottest little guy I've ever met, too."

Treston felt Lyon's erection against his thigh and he wasn't sure how to respond. In all the time they'd been friends, nothing like this had ever happened. They'd joked around a lot but never anything serious. He figured it really was a show of affection, so he reached down slowly so J.D. wouldn't see and grabbed Lyon's dick. He laughed and said, "That's about the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me. But you'd better calm down, dude. If anyone else sees this they are going to get the wrong idea. I don't think I've ever seen you this hard."

Lyon made a soft gasping noise and he held Treston closer. "If you don't let go of my dick, man, we're both going to be in deep shit."

Treston knew everyone was busy; no one could see what he was doing. As lightly as he could, he eased Lyon's erection out of his underwear and continued to stroke him. "They'll never know." He knew what he was doing was wrong. He wasn't in love with Lyon and the deepest emotional attachment he had to him was based on friendship. But he couldn't deny the huge ego boost he'd received in knowing he could get a straight guy this excited. It made him feel powerful, as if he could do the impossible.

"Seriously," Lyon said. He started to laugh. "You're getting me close." He started bucking his hips a little.

Treston continued to stroke him. "It's for your own good."

Lyon could barely speak by then. "H-h-how is this for my own good?"

"It's the perfect way to get rid of an erection." He gripped him tighter and stroked faster. He glanced over to see what the other guys were doing and he knew they were still safe. J.D. was digging through the bottom of his locker and the other guys were arguing about whether or not sparkles should be used by male strippers.

"Oh fuck," Lyon said. "I can't hold back. You gotta let go right now. Seriously."

But Treston refused to release him. It took all of a minute. When Lyon came, his body went rigid for a moment and he inhaled deeply. By the time he exhaled, there was come all over Treston's thigh.

"What are we going to do now?" Lyon asked. He started laughing. "If we stop hugging they'll all see what happened."

"Calm down," Treston said. "No one suspects anything. It'll be our little secret." Treston had always believed there were certain unexpected things that occurred between people sometimes and no one else had a right to know about them.

"I have an idea," Lyon said. "But you have to let go of my dick first. Put it back inside."

When Treston released Lyon, he packed his dick into his underwear, and then he reached up and put his arms around Lyon's shoulders again. "Okay. Do whatever you have to do. You're the boss."

Lyon reached down and started to tickle him. Treston doubled over laughing and begged him to stop. In a move so fast Treston barely saw it coming, Lyon grabbed a towel from a bench and wiped the come of Treston's leg. After that, Treston thought Lyon would stop tickling him, but he didn't and Treston tried to push him away. But Lyon was much stronger and Treston knew he could never overpower him. By the time everyone turned to see what they were doing, it looked as if they were horsing around as usual.

The other guys watched as Lyon tickled Treston to the floor. The more Lyon tickled the harder Treston laughed and begged him to stop. Oh, this was cruel and Lyon seemed to be enjoying it too much. The other guys started to shout, "Don't stop," and Lyon climbed on top of him and pinned him down. Eventually, their erections subsided and no one would suspect a thing. Treston knew it was safe to stand up again and finish getting dressed. But a moment before they did get up Treston looked up with tears in his eyes from laughing so hard and saw Cooper standing over them. He was looking down at them both in nothing but underwear, rubbing his jaw, with his head slightly tipped to the left.

The moment Lyon saw Cooper looming he stopped tickling and jumped up to his feet. Then Treston stood up and said, "We were just fooling around." He gestured to Lyon and smiled. "This is my buddy, Lyon. We mess around that way all the time. He's the guy with the wife and kid on the way I told you about."

Treston noticed J.D. standing behind Cooper, looking him up and down in a disapproving way. The other guys who'd been laughing went silent and returned to what they'd been doing. It felt as if Cooper had sucked all the life out of the room.

Lyon extended his hand and said, "Treston's my best buddy. It's nice to finally meet you, Cooper. He's told me a lot about you. He talks about you all the time."

Cooper hesitated. For a moment, Treston thought Cooper would refuse to take Lyon's hand. But he shook it and said, "It's nice to meet you," in the same lifeless, deadpan tone he used every morning after he fucked Treston and said, "That was nice." Then he looked at Treston and said, "I saw your show tonight, the one with the ping-pong balls."

Treston shrugged. "We went on later than usual because of another act that ran over."

Lyon had no way of knowing how Cooper felt about Treston's job as a stripper, because Treston had never gone into much detail. Lyon smiled and asked, "Did you like the show? It's really not supposed to be taken seriously. It's all in fun." He'd once mentioned to Treston he'd learned he had to explain these things sometimes. Not everyone had a sense of humor-or got his sense of humor. Treston had stopped caring about what other people thought of him years ago. He explained nothing.

Cooper looked down at the floor and said, "I've never seen anything quite like it. It was interesting."

Treston gave Cooper a hug and said, "You go out front and wait for me. I'll be right out and we'll get this party going. I just have to finish getting dressed." He was so happy he felt like dancing around the room.

Cooper nodded and said, "Okay." Then he turned toward the exit and headed back to the main bar. On his way out, he stopped and glanced back at Treston and Lyon standing there in their underwear. Treston blew him a kiss and continued walking to the main bar without looking back again.

When he was gone, Lyon reached for his jeans and said, "I hope he didn't get the wrong idea when he saw me tickling you. I can talk to him if you want, buddy. He seems kind of uptight."

Treston reached for his shirt and laughed. "No, he's fine. I've told him about how we joke around all the time. He understands. He's always laid back that way. It's cool."

Lyon patted him on the back. "We're cool about what just happened here, right? I mean about me getting off like that. You're not like all freaked or anything, man?"

Treston fake punched him in the chest and said, "We're good. The rest of the world might not get it, but I get it and I'm fine as long as you are." He'd always considered Lyon to be one of the most secure straight men he knew. Now he had gained a deeper respect for him.

Lyon glanced back to be sure no one was watching. Then he kissed him again with his tongue and said, "Then we're good. And if you ever need anything, you call me first. Deal?"

Treston looked into his eyes, caressed his handsome face, and smiled. "It's a deal."

Chapter Fifteen

After the party, Treston followed Cooper back to his truck in the back parking lot. When they were inside with the motor running, Treston sighed and said, "It was a nice party. Don't you think?" Cooper seemed to be in one of his more introspective moods. He'd spent most of his time at the party sipping white wine and leaning against the bar.

Cooper backed the truck out of a parking space and nodded. "It was nice."

"I'm glad you got a chance to meet some of my friends, especially Lyon and J.D.," Treston said.

"Yeah," Cooper said as he made a right turn at the end of the parking lot.

"What did you think of Chickey?" Treston asked. "He's been so nice to me. He took me on at the club when I had no experience. He believed in me when no one else did. I don't know what I would have done without him."

"He seemed nice enough for a guy in his line of work," Cooper said. He didn't seem to be in a talkative mood. This wasn't unusual and Treston didn't give it a second thought. Going to the club that night had disrupted Cooper's regular routine. Normally, Cooper would have been in bed by then, sleeping soundly on his back with both arms up and his hands resting beside his head.

"Why don't you stay at my place tonight," Treston said. They'd agreed Treston would spend that last night at his apartment alone so he could pack things up and Cooper would sleep alone in his own apartment. In the morning, Treston would walk four blocks to the company where he'd rented the van. He'd rented his apartment furnished and the things he'd acquired while he'd lived there that were his, he knew he could manage to pack into the van alone. Cooper had to go into work early on Sunday morning and he would meet Treston at Chickey's club later that afternoon for the wedding. After the reception, they would drive back to Cooper's apartment and unload the van together so they could get it back to the rental company without paying for an extra day. There would be no time for a honeymoon because Cooper didn't want to take his vacation this time of year. They would plan something later when it was more practical to get away. Cooper thought camping in a tent might be fun. Though Treston had never pictured himself in a tent, he smiled and agreed with him.

Cooper stopped for a traffic light and said, "I think it's best we keep things the way they are. I'll see you tomorrow afternoon as planned."

Treston smiled and said, "That's okay. You're probably right. Besides, after tomorrow we'll be together for the rest of our lives. Aren't you excited? I'm so excited I don't think I'll be able to sleep at all tonight. I'll probably just stay up and pack more boxes."

Cooper flung him a look. "You're not all packed yet?"

"I've been so busy rehearsing with Lyon and running around doing last-minute things, I still have a few more boxes to pack," Treston said. "But it's just clothes and little things. It's not a problem. Are you all set for tomorrow?"

The light turned green and Cooper hit the gas. "Yes. I have my black wool hanging on a hook behind the door, airing out." Though Treston had suggested he buy a new suit for the wedding, something lighter and more festive that didn't smell of moth balls, he'd insisted on wearing the one suit he owned: a black wool affair he'd had since his college graduation.

"Good," Treston said. He felt so giddy he started fidgeting with his hands because he didn't know where to put them. "I'm all ready, too. But I'm not telling you what I'm wearing." He'd found the perfect wedding outfit for the occasion and he'd decided to keep it a secret from Cooper. It wasn't that he was superstitious, and he wasn't taking on the role of the bride. He wanted to surprise Cooper on their wedding day with the most wonderful outfit he'd ever owned.

When Cooper pulled up to his apartment, he leaned over and kissed him goodnight. "I'll see you tomorrow afternoon. Have a good night."

Treston gave him a hug and asked, "Do you want me to blow you before I get out? We've never actually had car sex." He hated to think of him going back to an empty apartment all alone.

Cooper patted his leg and said, "No. I'm good. You should go inside and pack now."

As always, he waited for Treston to open the door before he backed out of the parking space. Treston stood in the open doorway, smiling, watching the taillights disappear as he drove away from the complex. A moment after that, Treston felt another rush of excitement pass through his body and he slammed the door and ran into the bedroom. He unzipped a garment bag and glanced at the outfit he'd bought for the wedding and felt so overcome with emotion he felt a sting in his eye.

* * * *

Treston wound up oversleeping the next morning because he'd been up all night trying to style his freshly streaked blond hair in different ways for the wedding. He'd parted it in the middle and that looked too casual. He'd tried a messy-looking combed-forward look and that looked too outrageous. After he'd finally decided on a simple off-center part, he packed the remaining boxes in his bedroom. Then he went into the shower and covered his body with a depilatory so he would be extra smooth all over on his wedding day. No one else would know he was smooth all over, but Treston cared about those little details. They were things that made him feel better about himself. By the time he actually did fall into bed, it was after four in the morning. He'd set the alarm for seven a.m., but when it went off he hit the switch and pulled the covers up over his head.

When he finally opened his eyes and saw the clock on his nightstand read eleven a.m., he jumped out of bed, put on a sweatsuit, and practically ran over to the truck rental company. He was supposed to meet Cooper at the club at two that afternoon for the wedding and he still had a million things to do, from packing the van to putting on his new wedding outfit. He also had to make sure he returned his apartment keys to his landlord after he did a final check to make sure he hadn't left anything behind.

Although he never thought he'd be able to pull it all off in such a short amount of time, by one thirty that afternoon he'd packed the van, cleaned the apartment from top to bottom, put on his wedding outfit, and still had time to spare. As he glanced into a cracked full-length mirror behind his closet door, he smiled and made a few turns. The wedding outfit looked even better on him now than it had in the boutique where he'd bought it. The suit was made out of light cream linen, with tiny little flecks of silver woven into the fabric. The jacket and slacks were trimmed with light beige leather and the buttons were made out of tiny little rhinestones. His shoes were the same beige leather as the trim; so were his socks. He wore every ring he owned, including one for each thumb. He had large fake diamonds in each ear and two cufflinks to match. On his left wrist he wore his best watch, and on his right he wore six different gold bracelets. Though no one would know, he'd even put on his gold ankle bracelet and toe rings. He'd leave them on later when he removed all his clothes and made love to his husband on his wedding night.

Before he left to return the key to his landlord, he glanced into the mirror one last time to make sure his hair was okay. He never would have dressed this way for anything else. He'd always tended to be more conservative and most of his friends accused him of being too plain. J.D., who thought nothing of wearing leather pants anywhere, would be shocked when he saw him arrive in his wedding outfit.

Treston couldn't wait to see the look on Cooper's face.

He closed the apartment door without glancing back. Then he walked to the end of the building and knocked on his landlord's door. He'd already given notice and his landlord was expecting him. But when the landlord opened the door and saw him standing there in his wedding outfit, he gaped for a moment and said, "That must have set you back a small fortune." He was a short, stocky middle-aged man who wore his hair like Elvis in the seventies and never wore anything but sweatpants and a plaid shirt. He wore no shoes that day and Treston noticed a small hole in the toe of his right sweat sock.

"I'm getting married today," Treston said. He couldn't stop smiling. "And I want it to be the most special day of my life."

The landlord looked him up and down and laughed. "That's exactly how I felt the first two times."

"Well, this is going to last forever," Treston said. He handed the key over and smoothed out his jacket. Why did people who'd had bad experiences have to say things like that the minute they saw someone who was actually happy?

The landlord made a face. "That's what I thought both times, too."

Treston wasn't going to let this guy get him down. "I left everything clean and the next tenant can just move right in," he said. The landlord may have had two bad experiences with marriage, but that wouldn't happen to Treston. He'd already been through enough bad men, devoid of all character, to know better. He knew he was safe with a decent, moral man like Cooper.

The landlord shrugged and said, "I wish you luck, kid. You've been a good tenant. Let me know where I should mail the security deposit." Then he closed the door in Treston's face without even thanking him for taking the time to leave the apartment in perfect shape. When Treston had moved in there, the stove had been so filthy he'd had to clean the burnt food stains at the bottom of the oven off with a straight-edged razor tipped sideways so he wouldn't scratch the enamel.

As he climbed into the rental van with everything he owned packed in the back, he was glad he'd never have to see this place again.

When he arrived at the club, he found Cooper waiting for him at the back door wearing his Park Ranger's uniform. He panicked at first because Cooper wasn't supposed to see him before the wedding. He wanted his wedding outfit to be a surprise. They'd planned it so Cooper would wait for him in front of the guests-all people Treston knew from the club-and Treston would walk down a short aisle as Lyon's wife sang, You Are My Sunshine.

But as he climbed out of the van, Cooper met him and said, "We have to talk about something."

Treston got out and smoothed out his linen slacks. He'd sat so carefully so they wouldn't wrinkle that he'd felt his right leg cramping up. "Let's go inside. We can talk there. Why aren't you dressed yet?" He wasn't even carrying his black wool.

Cooper didn't respond.

"How do I look?" Treston said. "I got this outfit just for you. I hope you like it."

"It has silver threads and leather trim," Cooper said. He glanced at Treston's wrists and made a face. "There are rhinestones on the buttons. I've never seen a suit like that, or a guy wear so much jewelry at one time unless he was on stage in one of the casinos." Then he gulped and pressed his palm to his stomach.

Treston hugged him and said, "I figured I'm only getting married once, so I may as well do it in style. In a way, I am on stage today."

"Ah well."

"C'mon," Treston said, reaching for Cooper's hand. "Let's go inside before anyone else sees us out here. I want to make a grand entrance when I walk down the aisle and you need to get dressed. Where's your black wool?" Treston knew J.D. would be so jealous of his wedding outfit he'd be seething in his seat.

"Wait," Cooper said. "I think we're making a mistake."

Treston felt a sharp pain in his stomach. His hands fell limp to his sides. "What are you talking about?"

With a pained expression, Cooper reached for both of his hands and said, "It's me. It's all my fault and it has nothing to do with you. When I saw the show last night and I saw the ping-pong ball act, I just stood there stunned. Then when I saw you with your friend rolling around in your underwear on the floor that way, laughing and crying at the same time, I knew it was wrong. The magnitude of it all hit me and I started thinking about all the other guys and what you have been doing for a living all your life. I realized we're worlds apart."

Treston felt a sting in his eyes. He opened them wider so he wouldn't start to cry. "You said all that didn't matter. You know all about my past. I've told you everything. I never lied to you once."

"I didn't think it mattered," Cooper said. "But when I saw you on stage last night, practically naked with that guy Lyon bumping and grinding into you, I almost threw a table across the room."

No matter how hard Treston tried, he couldn't keep the tears from streaming down his face. "But it's all over," he said. He figured if he made this point, Cooper could forget all about his past. "All that matters now is we love each other and we're going to spend the rest of our lives together."

"Your past is always going to be there," Cooper said. "It's not your fault. It's me, and you deserve someone better than me. I'm sorry. I just can't marry you."

So many things rushed through Treston's head he almost passed out. He'd quit his job, moved out of his apartment, and planned the rest of his life around this man. Now the prick wanted to back out? The wedding outfit alone had been a month's rent. So Treston did the only thing he thought he could do. "Please, Cooper. Don't do this." He put his arms around him and held him as tightly as he could. While Cooper's arms remained at his sides, Treston started to beg. "Please, please give me a chance. I love you and I want to be your husband. I promise all the stuff in my past is over and I'll never give you reason to doubt me. Oh please, don't do this to me. Don't do this to us."

Cooper pushed him away and turned his back. "I'm sorry. I've made up my mind. I have to go now. Please understand I didn't do this to hurt you. I'm doing it for your own good. I don't think I would ever get used to the fact you were an escort. Even though I'm embarrassed to admit it now, and I thought I could get used to it, I have to be honest with you for your own good. You'll see this is the right thing in time. I promise."

Treston felt such an overwhelming sense of panic he dropped to his knees. He forgot all about the linen slacks and he reached out with both arms. As Cooper continued walking away from him, he continued to beg. "Please don't leave this way. We can work it out. I promise we can. You're my hero. You can't do this to me."

But Cooper didn't stop. He climbed into his truck, started the engine, and pulled away without looking back. Cooper remained on his knees until Lyon pulled into the parking lot and found him there crying. Lyon didn't even park his car. He stopped in the middle of the parking lot, jumped out without bothering to turn off the engine or shut the door, and raced to his side. He reached down to pick Treston up and cradled him in his arms.

Treston was sobbing so hard by then he couldn't even speak. He fell into Lyon's arms while Lyon tried to find out what had happened. When another car pulled into the parking lot, Treston said, "Please help me get into the van. I don't want anyone else to see me this way."

Lyon lifted him into the passenger seat, then climbed in and sat next to him. He put his arms around Treston and cradled him again until he calmed down enough to speak clearly. It took all the strength Treston had to tell Lyon what had happened and that Cooper was not coming back and there would be no wedding. In between sobs, Lyon kept saying, "It's going to be okay, man. I'm here. Just tell me what to do."

After he told Lyon everything, he wiped his eyes on the sleeve of his new wedding jacket and said, "Please go inside and tell everyone the wedding is off. I can't face them like this. I don't think I can ever face them again."

"They're your friends," Lyon said. "They'll understand. Come inside with me. I don't want to leave you alone like this, buddy."

"I'm okay," Treston said. "I want to be alone right now. I just can't face anyone."

Lyon clenched his fists. "I'm not leaving you alone. I'm going to make it right. I'll find that fucking park ranger and I'll kick the shit out of him for doing this to you. I'll break every fucking bone in his body."

Treston rested his palm on Lyon's stomach and said, "No, please don't. I don't want you getting into trouble and I hate violence of any kind."

"But he deserves it," Lyon said. "If I'd been here a few minutes earlier I would have kicked his ass right here in the parking lot."

"Please promise me you won't do anything," Treston said. "I'm already embarrassed enough. It would only make things worse. If you really love me, you'll go inside, tell everyone what happened, apologize to them all, and let me have some time alone."

Lyon punched the center console, and it took Treston a few more minutes to calm him down. But he finally convinced him the only thing he wanted was to be left alone so he could think.

Before Lyon opened the door to get out, he hugged him one last time and said, "You sure you're okay?"

Treston nodded. "I'm sure."

"If you need me, I want you to call me at any time," Lyon said.

"I will."

Lyon opened the door and jumped out. He reached for Treston's hand and said, "I love you, buddy. Anything you want, anything you need."

Treston squeezed his hand and said, "Me, too. And thanks for always being there. Hell, who needs a husband with a friend like you around?" It took a lot, but he forced himself to smile so Lyon would think he was okay. He didn't want Lyon to know what he was really thinking: thoughts between ramming the van into a tree and jumping off a cliff at Lake Mead.

"Promise me you'll call me later and let me know how you are and where you are," Lyon said. "I don't care how late it is."

"I promise," Treston said.

After Lyon closed the door, Treston pulled off the wedding suit jacket and threw it on the floor. Then he reached back into a box behind his seat where he'd packed some clothes and he pulled out a pair of jeans and a black shirt. After he removed the suit and put on the other clothes, he removed all the jewelry and threw it into the box. He changed his shoes and socks and threw the toe rings and ankle bracelet into the box. As he pulled out of the parking lot, hoping he wouldn't run into any of his friends, he pulled up to an open dumpster as close as he could so he wouldn't have to get out, and he threw the wedding suit right out the window. He watched it land on top of a pile of black plastic trash bags, then pulled out of there as fast as he could. He never wanted to see that suit or parking lot again. The only thing he wanted to do was drive as far away from Las Vegas as he could and never look back.

But when he pulled into the street, he made such a quick right turn he didn't bother to look to his left. The last thing he heard before everything went blank was a screech, followed by a bang so loud it rocked the van. He felt peaceful for a moment. The world went silent, bright lights flashed before his eyes, and he felt lighter than he'd ever felt in his entire life.

Chapter Sixteen

At first, Treston thought he'd died and gone to heaven. He'd lost track of time, and for a moment or two he almost forgot about being left at the altar, so to speak, by Cooper Boon.

As the bright afternoon sun filtered through the cracked windshield of the rented van, Treston opened his eyes a few minutes after the accident and saw the face of Jesus looking down on him, framed with rays of glorious rays of sunshine, just like he'd seen in the movies.

But instead of harps playing and celestial choirs singing, he heard the sound of sirens approaching. Then Jesus unbuckled the seatbelt, scooped Treston up in his arms, and carried him away from the smashed-up van. He set Treston down on a grassy section so he could get a better look at him.

Treston was still in shock. It took a moment for him to realize this wasn't Jesus and he hadn't died and gone to heaven. When he realized who it was, he actually thought he might have died and gone to hell.

"Just sit still and don't move," said Chad. "You're going to be fine." He crouched down next to Treston on the grass and took a closer look at his face. When he realized a piece of glass had cut Treston's cheek, he pulled his white T-shirt off his back, rolled it up into a ball, and pressed it up against the wound.

Treston tried to push him away, but Chad only grabbed his arm, held the shirt to his face tighter, and said, "Calm down. I won't let anything happen to you. I promise. It's not a deep cut."

Then Chickey, J.D., and Lyon came running over to see what had happened. When Treston saw them, he wanted to hide behind a shrub not far from where he was resting, dig a deep hole, and cover himself with the dirt.

Lyon crouched down on his other side and asked, "What happened? Are you okay?"

Chad put his arm around Treston and glanced at Lyon. "He just pulled out of the parking lot without looking and my driver hit him. I didn't even know it was him until a minute ago when I ran over to the van. It's a good thing we weren't going fast, because we had no way of knowing he'd pull out like that. And thank God he was wearing a seatbelt."

Chickey stood over them and asked, "Is he okay?"

Lyon sent Chickey a backward glance. "I think so." Then he turned to Chad and asked, "Are you and the driver okay?"

Chad nodded. "We're fine." He gestured to his driver. He was walking around the limo with one hand in his pocket and the other scratching the back of his head, surveying the damage.

Treston looked up and saw all his friends from the club were looking down at him, all dressed for the wedding that would never happen. He figured Lyon had already told them everything and they knew Cooper would not return. On top of that, a crowd of other onlookers and gawkers had stopped to see what was going on. Although Chad was the one holding him, Treston reached for Lyon's hand and said, "Get me out of here. I just want to die."

But when Lyon reached out to help him get up, Chad stopped him and said, "I'll take care of him." Chad looked up at Chickey and said, "Why don't you try to get all these people to back up and give him some breathing room?"

As Chickey motioned to the crowd to step back and give them room, Lyon hesitated for a moment, as if he didn't trust Chad. But then Chickey put his hand on Lyon's shoulder and said, "Let Chad handle it. I've known him for years and he'll take good care of him." Then Chickey and Chad exchanged a quick nod.

Treston sighed and closed his eyes. He remembered Chad had been checking up on him through Chickey. Though he didn't like this, he knew he was in no position to make a scene.

Then Treston overheard onlookers whispering about Chad. "Is that Chad Pratt, the movie star?" And things like, "Is that Chad Pratt, the guy they call the Vegas Shark?" The fact that Chad was so well known seemed to make this all the more entertaining. At the very least, Treston figured it would take the attention off him and his pitiful circumstances. He just wished all his friends from the club would stop looking at him with such glum expressions. J.D. looked so devastated it made him ten years older than he really was.

When the police and paramedics arrived, the crowd was forced to back up in order for them to find out what had happened. When they established what had caused the accident and Treston hadn't been drinking and driving, Treston tried to stand up on his own so he wouldn't have to be taken to the hospital. But he wound up falling backward into Chad's arms, and three paramedics guided him onto a stretcher.

Treston tried to get Lyon to help. "I don't want to go to the hospital. I don't have insurance and I can't afford it. I'm fine. There's nothing wrong with me. Just get me out of here."

Chad glanced at Lyon and said, "I'll take care of any expenses. I want him to be examined. I promise he'll be okay with me."

Lyon glanced at Chickey again, and Chickey nodded. Lyon seemed to trust Chad, so he followed the stretcher to the ambulance and said, "You're going to be fine, buddy. I agree with Chad. You need to be checked out. If you need me later, call me. You know I'm here for you, bro." Before he stepped back, he turned to Chad, grabbed his arm, and said, "Don't fuck around with him. Seriously, man. This guy really is like a brother to me and he's been through a lot of shit today. I'll come looking for you."

Treston couldn't resist. "Whatever you say, don't mention you're like my brother. He'll want to sleep with you. He does that with brothers. Just ask the last guy he dated."

Chad didn't seem intimidated by Lyon or offended by Treston's remark. He actually smiled, as if he liked the way Lyon wanted to protect Treston, and said, "I wouldn't do anything to hurt him."

"But all my things are in the van," Treston said. "My entire life is in there. I can't just leave it." He wondered what more could happen to him. He never thought he would admit to himself being left naked at Lake Mead hadn't been the worst thing that had ever happened to him.

Chad glanced down at him as they lifted him into the back of the ambulance. The limo driver had given Chad a black jacket he'd been wearing to cover Chad's naked torso. "My driver will take care of everything. He'll have the van towed and emptied and he'll bring your things to my home for the time being. We'll figure it out later. Right now I want to know you're okay."

Without giving Treston much of a choice, they loaded him into the ambulance and shut the doors. From inside the ambulance, Treston saw Chad and Lyon talking about something that made them both look serious. Treston had a feeling Lyon was telling Chad about Cooper backing out of the wedding and Treston's heart sank to the bottom of his stomach. He would rather Chad had not known thiat Then Chad and Lyon took off somewhere together and the ambulance pulled away.

* * * *

After Treston was examined by more than one doctor in the emergency room and had a few X-rays, they wheeled his bed into a small room in the emergency section that had been curtained off from the ceiling halfway to the floor. They'd cleaned up his wounds, had found nothing seriously wrong with him, and told him he would be discharged as soon as all the paperwork was ready. He figured he'd call Lyon or Chickey and they'd let him spend the night until he figured out what he was going to do next. Now, more than ever, the only thing he wanted to do was get out of Las Vegas and never look back again.

But he found Chad Pratt waiting for him in the tiny hospital room. Chad stood there in the black jacket his driver had given him, with part of his naked torso exposed, holding some kind of fake flower made out of felt. The fake flower stood up from a brown felt pot about a foot tall, with bright yellow petals, a vivid green stem, and a bold red center. Though Treston knew little about flowers, he figured it was a sunflower. Then Chad lifted the flower higher with both hands and pushed a button at the back of the brown felt pot. The moment the song You Are My Sunshine began to play the flower started to dance around in uneven circles.

Chad reached out with the flower in both hands and said, "I saw it in the gift shop while I was waiting for them to bring you back down. I figured you might like it. They didn't have many choices. It was either this, a stuffed rabbit, or a Sudoku puzzle book."

When Treston saw the helpless expression on Chad's face-as the ridiculous felt flower danced around to a tinny music box version of You Are My Sunshine-Treston looked up at the ceiling and started to laugh. He'd never mentioned anything about this song to Chad, and he'd never seen anything as dumb and adorable at the same time as the dancing flower.

"I heard you're going to be okay," Chad said. "The docs told me nothing's broken and you didn't even need stitches. Lyon drove me over here because they wouldn't let me ride in the ambulance. I've been here the whole time."

"I suppose Lyon told you about what happened with the wedding," Treston said. He glanced down at his lap and frowned.

"I'm sorry," Chad said. "I know how much you wanted everything to work out."

Treston flung him a look. "Are you really sorry?"

Chad hesitated for a moment. He turned off the music box and set the flower on a table beside the bed. Then he looked directly into Treston's eyes and said, "I'm sorry you were hurt. I'm sorry my driver slammed into you. I'm sorry that asshole left you naked at Lake Mead. I'm sorry for all the bad things guys have done to you all your life. But to be honest, I'm not sorry the park ranger backed out. There was something about him I never trusted, something kinky and weird. The man was a perv. I knew he'd never make you happy and I'm glad you didn't marry him. And if that makes me a horrible person, so be it."

Treston shrugged. "I should have known he'd back out. I should have seen it coming. It's my own fault and I have no one to blame but myself. He said my past didn't bother him and I believed him. Now, that's rich."

A nurse entered and told Treston he had to get dressed. "Looks like you're going home and we need the room." Either she didn't recognize Chad with a beard, or she wasn't star struck.

Chad smiled and picked up the felt sunflower. As he crossed to leave so Treston could dress in private, he said, "I'll be out in the waiting room. My car is outside."

"I was going to call Lyon or Chickey," Treston said.

"I already did. I told them you were fine and I would take care of you."

Treston looked him in the eye. "I'm curious. Why were you even driving near the club today?"

Chad looked down at his shoes and shrugged. "I wanted to see if you'd really go through with it. I wasn't going to do anything. I just wanted to watch from a distance."

"So you wound up slamming into me instead," Treston said.

"You can't blame me for that," Chad said. "How could we have known you'd barrel out of the parking lot without looking?"

"I know," Treston said. "I just can't believe you did it."

Chad shrugged again. "I'll wait outside for you."

When Treston was dressed, he signed a few more forms and a nurse wheeled him out to the waiting room where he found Chad signing autographs. Treston thanked the nurse and stood up on his own. He felt sore and still a little shaky, but he knew he could walk on his own now.

The instant Chad saw him get up he stopped signing autographs and jogged over to help him to the door with the silly felt flower in his hands. He grabbed Treston's elbow and said, "Are you sure you're okay to walk? Maybe you should put your arm around me and lean on me."

"I'm fine," Treston said. "I don't have a home, I don't have a job, and I don't have a future anymore. But I can still walk on my own."

The same driver who had slammed into the van was standing next to the back door of another limo Chad owned. He asked Treston if he was okay and apologized for the accident. Treston thanked him and told him he was fine, and said he took full responsibility for the accident because he hadn't been looking when he'd pulled out.

After that, they drove back to Chad's house without saying a word. When the car pulled up to the front entrance, Chad didn't wait for the driver to get out. He jumped out first, ran around the back of the car, and opened Treston's door. Then he reached for Treston's arm and guided him up the front steps and into the main hall.

The older man in the white jacket with the expressionless face was waiting for them at the door. Chad set his palm on the small of Treston's back and said, "Is the room ready?"

The older man nodded and said, "Everything's ready."

Chad gave Treston a gentle push toward the grand staircase and said, "I put you in the guest room that overlooks the pool. It has the nicest view. And it's as far away from my room as you can get."

Treston smirked and said, "I see. That way you can bring in as many guys as you want and I won't disturb you. But don't worry. I won't be here longer than one night. I'll be out of here tomorrow morning. I'm getting out of this town for good."

Chad stopped in the middle of the stairs. He sent the older man a look and said, "That will be all. I'd like some privacy now." When the old man disappeared, he turned to Treston and said, "For your information, I put you in that room because I didn't think you'd want to be in my room. I didn't want to assume anything. I know how you feel about guys like me and I figured the last thing you'd want to do was sleep in my bed tonight after what you've been through."

Treston noticed a hint of anger in his tone. "You were right. The last thing I would even consider is sleeping with you tonight, or ever again, for that matter."

Chad's face turned red. He climbed three more stairs and stopped at the landing. He sent Treston a backward glance, threw the felt sunflower music box against the wall, and said, "The one thing I don't get is you seem to enjoy taking all kinds of shit from assholes like the creepy park ranger, yet the one man who says he loves you and doesn't give a good fuck about your past is the one man you push away. I'll be the first to admit I can be a fucking asshole. I know I'm not perfect, buddy. But neither are you. And it doesn't stop me from loving you. I have never judged you once. And that's a lot more than you can say about any of the other guys you've been with. But most of all, I'm still here. I didn't take your money and leave you stranded and I didn't run away on my wedding day like a coward."

Treston ignored him. When he saw the felt sunflower hit the wall, the music box started to play and Treston ran up the steps. Everything that had happened that day seemed to hit him all at once. He went down to his knees on the other side of the landing and picked up the sunflower and held it to his heart. He felt a sting in his eyes, tears started streaming down his face, and he doubled over sobbing in a way that looked more like retching.

When Chad saw this, he unclenched his fists and ran over to him. He went down on the floor, put his arms around him, and held him so tightly he had to rest his cheek against Treston's back to calm him down.

Through his sobs, Treston said, "I thought you'd broken it. It's the nicest thing anyone's ever given me. How could you just throw it at the wall that way? How could you be so mean?"

Chad didn't seem to get it. "It's a cheap piece of shit from a hospital gift store."

"No, it's not. It's a wonderful gift." He couldn't seem to stop crying no matter how hard he tried to steel himself.

Chad sounded confused. "Calm down, it's okay. I didn't think you'd care. I'll buy you a hundred more if you want. Just please stop crying. It's the one thing I can't stand."

"I can't help it," Treston said. "I'm trying to stop. And I don't want a hundred more. I only want this one. I thought Cooper had finally been the one to take away all my sunshine. I thought he'd done me in once and for all. And then when I saw you standing in the hospital with this flower, I got my sunshine back. Very few people know this is my favorite song. I know it doesn't make sense to someone like you, but it really is the most wonderful thing anyone's ever given me. And you didn't even know."

"Well," Chad said. "I guess I finally did something right. Let's give mean old Chad a little credit for once."

Treston sat up and wiped his eyes. "Did you really mean what you said? The part about my past?"

They leaned back against the bottom step together and Chad put his arm around him. "I wouldn't have said it if I didn't mean it. That's one of the good things about getting older. You mean what you say more often than not."

Treston sighed and exhaled. He turned the music off, but he wouldn't pull the sunflower away from his chest. "You're so bad for me. But I do love you. I fell in love with you the first night, but I didn't want to admit it. And I can't keep doing the same thing over and over again."

"Neither can I," Chad said. "That's why I don't want to let you go that easily." Then he stood up and reached down for Treston's hand. "Let's go upstairs. It's been a long day for both of us. When I saw you knocked out in the van this afternoon, I thought you were dead for a moment. I've never felt anything so intense in my life. And when I realized you weren't dead, all I wanted to do was pick you up and hold you."

Treston stood up and said, "I thought you were really Jesus for a minute. I wasn't sure what had happened and all I saw was your face surrounded by bright white rays."

Chad put his arm around him and led him up the next flight of stairs. "I'm glad to hear it, because I need all the encouragement I can get. This part could either get me an Oscar or make me a laughingstock around the world. I'm not as young as I used to be. I've already read articles that say I'm too old to play Jesus. It's like they are waiting for me to fail."

"Bullshit," Treston said. "You'll be perfect. And you're not too old for anything. I can't imagine any other actor playing the part better than you."

As Chad started talking about the difficulties he was having with the part, Treston held the sunflower closer to his heart and listened without speaking. When they reached the top step and Chad led him down the hall to the last door on the right, Treston had a feeling this time it would be different. He wasn't sure why; he couldn't have explained this feeling if anyone had asked. It was certainly nothing he'd expected. He'd never felt this way before with any of the other men he'd thought he'd loved, not even Cooper Booe. This time it felt real and nothing had to be forced. He didn't have to pretend to be something he wasn't with Chad; his past didn't matter. And in the same respect, Chad didn't have to pretend with him either.

When Chad opened the bedroom door and gave him a gentle push, Treston lifted his right hand, touched one small siiver streak on Chad's beard, and smiled. And that was because whenever Treston had a man of his own, he felt special in a way that gave him both hope for the future and peace of mind about his sordid past.

THE END

