


From Darkness

By Matthew Benefiel



Just when you thought you had seen the worst of man,
He manages to out do himself.
Truly there is nothing new under the sun,
But that does not lessen the shock of man’s perversity.
Take heart, trust in God,
Only He shines in this dark world.



From Darkness

Published by Matthew Benefiel at Smashwords

Copyright 2011 Matthew Benefiel

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only.  This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people.  If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient.  If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy.  Thank you for respecting the hard work of the author.



Table of Contents

Chapter 1:  The Museum
Chapter 2:  A Psychological Disorder
Chapter 3:  Life and Its Surprises
Chapter 4:  Notes on a Deranged
Chapter 5:  In the Field but on the Ground
Chapter 6:  Triumphs and Trials
Chapter 7:  The Inquisition
Chapter 8:  Discoveries
Chapter 9:  Running in Circles
Chapter 10:  Spinning Wheels
Chapter 11:  Clarification
Chapter 12:  Explanations
Chapter 13:  The Rocky Times
Chapter 14:  The Asphyxiated Press
Chapter 15:  Rising Above, Falling Below
Chapter 16:  Struggling Onward
Chapter 17:  Letters of Thanksgiving
Chapter 18:  Distant Memories



1:  The Museum

“Here at SODM, that is the Study of the Deranged Museum, you will find only one cold stone building.  This building, built up here in 1982, is not much to look at.  It is entirely made of concrete, about the size of a 900 square foot house, and with not much décor.  The concrete is two feet thick and not much help up here in the mountains when it gets cold.  This structure was not designed to catch the eye of the beholder.  As you will see in a moment, this was in fact a prison, a prison designed to observe the mentally deranged in close proximity, but far from any civilization.  The idea came from the FBI agent, Bartholomew Gatchet, who is most known for personally catching Trent Frennur, the mass murderer who was at large less than 10 years ago.  You are all here of course, because this prison was designed mainly to study him, though there were at least four others, whom none of you will have likely heard of.  Let us proceed into the building where I will show you what kind of lives these men lived, as well as their guards, who fared little better.  Here we are, not much room in here is there?  This is of course the guard room.  You will notice there is a gun and supply rack over here and on the other side just a plain desk.  You have the radio behind the desk as well as the computer used to monitor the subjects and chart the findings.  Not that these monitors were needed much by the guards, for whomever sat at the desk could see right in the hallway containing the convicts, with a full view of Frennur.  This was due to the fact that the subjects were strapped in a two-foot recess in the wall that was 7 feet tall and 4 feet wide with a door covering everything from the neck down.  There was not concern for comfort here, which was one of the reasons this place was eventually closed down, amongst others.  I will not go into the details of how the imprisoned lived as you can pretty much see for yourselves when I let you go down the hallway one at a time, but first I would like you to watch the monitor located here above the hallway entrance.”
“I can’t say I am thrilled about this little known bit of history my parents dragged me to.  I have just turned twelve and like all kids my age, started thinking about what I wanted to be when I grew up.  You might have to guess a few times to finally land on FBI Agent.  Yes, Agent Robert, man of no fears, quickest to solve all mysteries.  Apparently I had taken it too far as my parents decided to show me the more gruesome side of things.  My dad envisions me to have a much safer job, like engineering, but then again, he is always taking the worst case scenario.  So that is how I come to this two bit museum that personally I find a little on the creepy side.  Okay, on the very creepy side.  I thought the prison was bad enough, but watching these videos of Trent Frennur is running tingles up my spine.  Know matter what is done to him or said to him, he always stares at the camera and laughs hysterically.  You would think watching the joker in Batman would prepare me for this, but I can’t help but feel he is really watching me, wanting to break free of his chains and drag me off to some hide out where I don’t want to imagine what would happen.  It just makes you feel empty and full of despair; I hope these videos end soon.”
“That is all we have to show from the video, but you can see that the guard who sat at this desk did not have a fun time of it.  Rumor has it that Frennur took a special interest to the whomever sat at this desk, and though the guards shared this uncomfortable task, one guard in particular maintained this desk and that is who Frennur took interest in.  This guard had to endure the constant studying stare of Frennur across that dimly lit hallway, only to cross that hallway on occasion to question all the criminals or record notes.  This guard proved to be Frennur’s downfall as both were killed in transport after the museum closed down.  With that I will now let you go down the hallway one at a time to experience what the guards had to many times each day.”
Robert’s dad had somehow managed to get them to the front of the line at this point and put a hand on Robert’s shoulder.
“Go on Robert; go see what your career holds for you.”
“I guess I have to,” thought Robert.  “If I don’t I will never hear the end of it, too bad dad doesn’t realize that I’m not going to be Bart Gatchet, who I’m starting to think is a little creepy himself.”
Robert walked down the dimly lit hall still thinking to himself, “So this is the prison cell, one hallway that can hold seven people, looks like they even have dummy bodies to show what it looks like; not very realistic if you ask me, but still creepy.  So Frennur is here at the end, more than likely Bart was sitting at the desk where he could write down observations as his hand picked guards would interrogate and play with the criminals minds, trying to break them down, see what makes them tick.  I have to admit I would be on edge staring at Frennur all day, laughing one moment, then an outburst of rage, and finally that dead stare.  Yet no matter the mood, his eyes always showed keen and cold.  Pondering its captor, almost as if considering its victim, figuring out how to break through to what really hurts, what stirs up the real fear, where panic rises and all hope is lost.  How the screams of the other prisoners must have been music to his ears, adding to his thoughts of torture and death as he watched the guards slowly wear away.  The subject was the student, and the student like blood, liked death, watching it slowly pass before his eyes.  Why am I here?  Where are the tourists? Why am I cold and shivering?  The lights are flickering; the stone is cold and damp.  Why do I dread to turn around, to see those cold eyes boring into my heart, unraveling my worst fears?”
 “Please!  Don’t kill me here, alone, cold, without hope.  I don’t want to be alone, I don’t want to face you, let me be…let me go…let me…please.”



2:  A Psychological Disorder

Robert woke up in a hospital bed with a fussing mother and a father who held a smug look of “I told you so.”  This wasn’t going to go over well; it was a victory for his dad for sure.  Yet even as he lay there listening to his parents talk and feeling sorry for himself, he couldn’t help but wonder what had happened.  He had been scared by his vision, yet also fascinated by it at the same time.  He heard the doctor come in and perked up his ears to hear what his take on the matter was.
“Mr. and Mrs. Drake, your son will be fine.  It appears he fell into some sort of trance, almost like a seizure.  More than likely it came on from a panic attack, I must admit myself I always found the story of Trent Frennur and that prison tour a little much for younger kids.  Do you have a history of any seizures in the family?  No, well I will write up a report for your doctor back home and I would recommend you schedule a visit to talk it over with him.  More than likely no course of action will take place at this time since it is a one time occurrence with no past history, but they may want to keep an eye on him none the same.  Ah and it looks like our patient is awake, how are you doing?”
Robert gave the man a small smile and braced himself for his mothers fussing and his dad’s hints at victory, and a little taunting from his older brother if he wasn’t mistaken.
“Hey Robert, are you doing okay?  Your dad and I were worried about you, you just kind of blanked out and fell over, you kept muttering things, and we felt so helpless.”
“One down,” Robert thought.
“Yeah, the tour guide was quick to get the paramedics called when you didn’t come to, but it still took a good hour for them to get there, being so far away and up in the mountains.  We were worried, but I knew a tough guy like you could pull through.”
“Two, subtle yes, but there was an air to his voice.”
“Hey Robert, that was quite a show you put on.  The paramedics said a bunch of words and stuff when they arrived, it pretty much boiled down to you fainting because you got scared.”
“…and the final, with a little icing on the cake from mom.”
“Ryan!  That’s enough; you weren’t exactly laughing when he never came to, were you?”
Ryan began to blush and shifted awkwardly and then finally spoke.  “No, I’m sorry…er, Robert.”  Ryan changed the subject quickly.  “By the way you missed the question and answer session.  There was some interesting stuff there.  Someone finally asked why the prison was even built by Gatchet, suggesting maybe he was crazy or something.  The tour guide said that Gatchet made his career by catching Frennur.  Before that he was really a ‘nobody’, in fact he wasn’t even FBI at the time.  He was a Chicago cop in 1980 when Frennur brutally tortured and murdered the Chicago head of police and his family.  Gatchet was close to the family, so he made it his goal to track Trent down.  He uncovered some big clues and the FBI brought him on.  In this particular case he showed a keen understanding of the murderer.  He spent the next two years studying Trent, getting to know who he was, starting to inch closer until he finally got ahead of him and got him before he could commit what would have been his final act, an attempt on some highly decorated, retired Navy Seal.  Frennur apparently liked to crack tough nuts.  So after catching him Gatchet convinced the FBI to open the prison so he could delve further into Frennur’s mind and try and figure out what makes him and other murders think the way they do, whatever that is.  After two years of running the place Gatchet kind of became depressed and was committed to a mental ward where he still resides.  The FBI kept the place going for another year, despite rumors of cruelty being done to the prisoners, because they seemed to be on the brink of understanding something.  After the end of that year the FBI couldn’t keep the rumors from the media and decided to close down the place.  One of the guards was apparently wearing down, you know, the guy at the desk, and showing signs of insanity.  So in November of 1985 they brought in a helicopter to bring out the guards and prisoners, right in the middle of a blizzard too.  During the flight the crazy guard seemed to put up a little scurry and they opened the door to let some air in, and during the struggle it seemed the guard released Frennur who then grabbed the cop and leapt for the open door.  Being fifty feet up in a blizzard with very little visibility they figured the worst.  They came back when the storm passed and couldn’t find a trace.  Even when the snow melted in spring they looked for clues and found nothing.  After years of no rumors or murders they eventually closed the case.”
Robert also got to hear about the old tree trunk.  It was a large tree that toppled decades ago leaving a large gnarled trunk with a plethora of holes in it.  When the wind swept over the trunk (as it did quite often up in the mountains), it make an eerie howling, and rumor had it if you listened close to one of the holes during this wail, you could hear the muttering of Trent Frennur, as if his ghost was unwilling to release his hold on the mountain and surrounding villages.  Robert did enjoy this story in particular and was sad he had missed it, but he was ready to end this talk and move on.  He hadn’t told his family what he had seen in that hallway and he didn’t ever plan on it; that was something he would hold onto for years, when its knowledge could no longer be held against him.  So with the bluntness of his father and softness of his mother Robert finally said:“I appreciate you all telling me what I missed, but I would rather not talk about the Museum anymore.  What’s next on our little vacation?”
Robert’s dad, in a more serious voice now that the spoils of war were over, spoke first:  “well, seeing as you are getting out of here in an hour, I thought we could go grab a bite to eat and go see a movie.  We will probably head home tomorrow seeing as Mom keeps telling me the county prison is out of the question now.”
Robert smiled and finally relaxed, things hadn’t gone so bad after all and he couldn’t hold anything against his family anyway.  “Sounds good dad…oh and thanks mom.”



3:  Life and Its Surprises

Life reverted back to normal for Robert, he had to go see his doctor a few times about his little episode, but after a year of monitoring with no further inclinations, they dropped it all together.  Robert continued to grow in his desire to become an FBI agent, enough that his parents finally broke down two years later and took him back to SODM, which went much better.  Robert was forced to go down the hallway again, with his mom this time.  He still found himself trying to picture things from Frennur’s point of view, which scared and fascinated him at the same time, but he did not faint this time (though he did get cold and clammy).  Ryan made Robert stick his head in the tree trunk, and Robert swore he could hear Trent muttering about killing someone, partly to annoy Ryan who heard nothing, but mostly because he did hear something.  After two more visits Mr. and Mrs. Drake finally gave up on SODM.  The county prison fared worse; it showed Robert some real examples that further sparked his career aspirations.  The last two visits to SODM Robert barely spent any time in the museum, mainly because he knew everything and somewhat because he still found it creepy and didn’t wish to risk fainting again.  Instead, he and Ryan found a small clearing in the woods not far from the building where the guards obviously made their camp fires.  They found some interesting trinkets buried there such as keys and even a long forgotten badge.  After the last of the visits the Drakes stopped trying to persuade Robert anymore, though they hoped his college years might change his mind.  
The years leading to college held much hope as Robert soon became known as the quiet guy who seemed to know more than he let on (which in fact he did).  He had mental notes on many of the students and even evaded a few plots against him as he saw them coming from a long way off.  In his free time he would study law books and get made fun of by Ryan, at least until he would put the books down and enter into a friendly game of paintball.  By his high school graduation Robert already has sixty nine college credits and soon found himself at Harvard, blowing through homework and tests.  Three years later he found himself a graduate with a law degree.  His parents, especially his dad, had one last hope of him taking a different job, maybe as a lawyer, but they were disappointed.  Having made sure he took every physical exercise class he could and working as a security guard on campus, he didn’t find many problems finding his way into the FBI.  After his parents had finally accepted this fact, they found something more worrisome.  Robert had already lessoned his attendance to church during college, now he quit going altogether, except on occasion to make sure nothing new had come out.  He claimed, when cornered, that he still believed in God and knew all he needed, and he didn’t need anymore at the moment to continue his career.
Meanwhile Ryan, Robert’s older brother had graduated from college with an engineering degree, was married, and already had one child.  Of course he attended church, the same as their parents, and seemed to be the favored child.  Robert and Ryan still talked, Ryan seemed to be the only one who Robert could talk to without explaining why he was living his life the way he was.  It wasn’t as if he was going out partying every night or anything, he didn’t even have a girlfriend (seems that girls are hard to come by when you don’t give them any attention).  He was busy doing his job and enjoying it.  Whenever Ryan caught Robert mentioning his accomplishments, at least what was allowed, he made sure to congratulate him and warn him not to faint while on duty, it might hurt his ego.  Despite the jab, he always made sure to wish Robert well and though he didn’t state it, often prayed that Robert would find his way back to church, and find a wife.
In the FBI Robert started low but soon found he was helping agents with analysis and even some field work (nothing too exiting though).  He soon became the favorite to help sort through clues and figure out next moves.  He had helped capture four at large bank robbers, one man that was attempting to kill all his ex-wives, and solved a big case trying to track down check fraud.  After that case he was promoted to a field agent where he continued his success.  Here he found himself working under Guy Branding, a man who had weathered the agency for many years, and after not being able to pass his last physical, was promoted to a desk job managing other agents.  Robert respected him highly and thought of him as a second father.  Guy was a well set man of six feet who maintained a calm demeanor most of the time, but could easily show his tough side when needed.  Those were the times you saw the agent in him.  He missed little and could break a man just by staring at him.  He liked Robert and made sure he got the highest profile cases and allowed him free access to other information as Robert still frequently assisted others when they hit a brick wall.  It was this access to the case files that revived old memories, and stirred a familiar feeling, one that Robert hadn’t completely understood at the time.



4:  Notes on a Deranged Mind

“Sir, you sent for me?”
Guy sat at his office desk (which he somehow seemed to dwarf) trying to sort through a bunch of clutter on his desk while brushing crumbs from a donut from his bushy graying mustache.  He looked up at Robert’s question.
“Ah!  Robert, saw you down at the gun range earlier this morning, nice grouping, prefer that USP huh?”
“Yes sir, fits my hand comfortably and I seem to get more accuracy with it.”
“Good, good, I prefer an old Colt 1911 myself, used to have one, original, but lost it years ago.  Never did figure out what happened to it.  Anyway, looks like your practice may come in handy; I’ve got an assignment for you, escaped convict.  This guy, ah, Peter Marson, somehow managed to escape from a level 3 security prison; we’re thinking inside help.  Top priority is to catch Marson, but also to figure out who helped him.  I figured your skills may help in that.  I’m assigning Leo and Charlie to work under you, I’m sure you can figure out how to use them.”
“Yes sir, they are good men.  When do we ship out?”
“Tomorrow morning, only because I want you to spend the rest of today reviewing Peter Marson’s old file.”
“I will get right on it.”
“One other thing, let’s try to rap this one up fast, especially the capture, upon his first arrest three years ago Marson admitted to a plot to kidnap the President’s Daughter.  I don’t think he ever could have done it, but I’d rather keep additional stress off the President at this time.”
“I understand sir; I remember the case, though I didn’t have a part in that one.”
“Fine, fine, better get going.”
Robert remembered the case, but more from the fact that he had read the file already, once he was given access to the archives.  It was one of the cases that had drawn his curiosity.  Might as well go and review though, just to refresh his mind.  He quickly found the file again in the archives and quickly glanced to make sure things were in order.  He started to head back out the door when he passed something that caught his eye; the letter F.  Memories flooded back and he wondered how he had passed this cabinet so often and never thought about it before.  Here he could find the file on Trent Frennur.  A curiosity stole over him and before he knew it he had opened the cabinet drawer.  There wasn’t much there under Frennur, just one sheet of paper.  It said:  “Couldn’t fit the folder in the F’s, so I stuck it in the last cabinet labeled “Much Needed Space.”  After a little chuckle Robert found the cabinet and found not only a large folder, but many folders.  “Should give me some good reading on the side,” Robert thought to himself.  He knew that the agency frowned on people taking off with files, but he convinced himself he would be okay, besides, he should have it back before anyone noticed.  He had to resist the urge to read it in his office, besides Leo and Charlie kept stopping in to catch up.  He also had to get travel arrangements, which managed to take the rest of the day.  “Might as well take this home to read, too hard to hide in my office anyway,” upon which Robert crammed the folders into his brief case and heading out of the office for his home.
When Robert got home he packed for the trip and read over Marson’s file while eating dinner.  He finished up around 8:00pm and decided he would relax and watch some TV.  After putting up with some horrendous singing from a popular contest show for ten minutes, he turned off the TV and picked up one of the files on Trent Frennur.  It didn’t take long to realize that the files had been tampered with.  Some information had been removed and retyped and in places whole pages were just missing.  He found a letter from the then head of the agency, authorizing this removal of information.  It appeared the prison was so controversial that the FBI was forced to close it, but allowed the removal of incriminating evidence.  They even went as far as to rename and relocate the guards and any other persons involved to protect them from backlash.  The only guards who weren’t given a new name were Gatchet and the one who died with Frennur.  His name was James Ferguson.  The main reason included that the media had already divulged his name and his wife and two children had been so devastated by his death that changing their name might have been too much.  The family never even relocated.  Whether in hopes James somehow survived, as his body was never found, or for the memories the report didn’t say.  According to the report the FBI authorized payment to the family for counseling.  Robert couldn’t help the tears in his eyes as he read the plight of the family, the daughter would be about his age now.
He set down the current file and finally came to the bulk of the files, which was on Trent Frennur.  Robert’s remorse turned to dread and shock as he read the horrors of how Trent tortured his victims before slowly killing them, or in some cases killing themselves.  The shear number of murders was staggering.  Four visits to SODM hadn’t prepared him for this.  What made things worse was Frennur’s acute understanding of the police and FBI.  He was always a step ahead; victims rarely were discovered before weeks had gone by.  By then Trent was already on to his next plan.  Only by a long shot guess was Gatchet able to finally find and corner Frennur.  He chose at random from a list of fifty possible victims in sheer desperation.  Compiling the list was Gatchet’s work and was considered the biggest step made in the three years of tracking Trent Frennur, including the year before Gatchet came on board.  He could see now the temptation to find out what caused a man, particularly this man, to do these things.
The studies revealed Trent to be a very intelligent man.  He knew how to pierce into a man’s fears quicker than anyone realized and soon got too many of the guards and even the other prisoners.  He managed to use the study of himself to study others.  Of the four guards, three had to be replaced during the three years at the prison.  James Ferguson was the only one to stay the whole while, but even he started cracking in the final five months.  He had even spent his last report writing about how he hated Trent’s cold stare, yet couldn’t help returning the gaze.  From that gaze James could envision his death, even listing in detail the fears he had if Frennur ever escaped.  The final thought on James was that he finally cracked to the point of desiring that death he had imagined so much, which led to his releasing Trent during flight.  This explained a lot of the devastation caused to the family by his death.
“Ah man, it three o’clock in the morning already.  How stupid!  I have to get up at six.  All right, time to head to bed.”
Despite the need to get some rest, Robert couldn’t fall asleep.  He kept thinking of Trent Frennur and the devastation he had wrought in his short life.  Yet there was something that bothered Robert, something that had bothered him since childhood, though much stronger now.  The pieces didn’t fit.  The cracking of James Ferguson seemed plausible enough, given the known victims in the same situation, but Robert’s instinct told him James still had some sanity.  He wondered if James knew something while he was alive, something no one else knew.  



5:  In the Field but on the Ground

Robert crawled out of bed at six, three hours later.  He had not slept at all.  He soon had dressed, eaten, and was off to the airport.  The FBI plane was waiting for him, along with Leo and Charlie.  Upon arrival at the prison the three were briefed on Marson’s escape and possible places he would have gone.  Robert could tell the other two thought this was a waste of time as they already knew this information, but Robert picked up on some little details that only someone closer to Marson could know or describe, of which one of the guards briefing them was.  He made a mental note to look into his background.  Someone here must have helped with the escape.
After the brief Robert started the ball rolling.  He set up headquarters in one of the prison offices and started setting patrol boundaries in areas surrounding the prison and assigning a group and a lead to each.  When going through the file he found that Marson grew up in a rural area with lots of woods.  There seemed to be a sort of comfort for objects surrounding him, but not blocking out all view.  This was confirmed in Robert’s mind when he started asking around and finding out that Marson enjoyed being outside amongst others as often as possible.  He soon picked out three forested areas that were somewhat populated, as Marson would need supplies, and starting heavy searches there.  He assigned Leo and Charlie to oversee the searches while he himself would go around the prison and ask more questions.  He made a special note to the search teams to keep and ear out for homes that sounded too quiet.
He spent two days questioning prisoners, guards, and staff about Marson.  His questions seemed more concerned about the prisoner’s actions and daily life, but he knew in these questions he would find some clues.  At the end of two days of questioning Robert received a call from one of the search groups.  After questioning the locals the group had found one family that had seen a man the day before who matched the description of Marson. Robert quickly headed off after informing all the other search teams to make a perimeter around the sighting and start clearing residents.  On his way out he informed the Prison warden of his suspicions on a certain guard that had briefed him, and one of the kitchen staff.  He arrived at the newly established base camp within the hour and started getting a briefing on what was going on and where the searches were begin conducted.  Robert then joined up with a party searching the general area of the sighting.  They continued searching the area through the rest of the day, questioning the locals that hadn’t evacuated yet and staying in contact with the other search parties.  It was getting towards dusk and thoughts of setting up camp were coming into the parties’ minds, when Robert and his group came upon a small clearing and a house.  The lights were on and there were cars in the driveway; meaning someone was home.  This was far in the forest, so they must not have heard the warning to evacuate or at least not headed it.  Robert thought he would go and inform them; when he noticed it was really quiet.  He motioned to the party to halt at the edge of the clearing.  He pointed out the sign that said beware of dog.  They weren’t exactly being quiet, so that dog should have heard them, something was wrong.
“Group up,” he whispered.  “Were going to check out the house, there are twenty of us, I want a group of three to cover each side of the house, stay under cover, you two will cover the garage, you three the back door, and you two and I will go up to the front door.  Be careful for traps that may alert our position, in case we haven’t been heard yet, I am going to try and get a view in the front windows.  If I see the residents and they appear at ease we will ring the doorbell, otherwise the six of us will enter on my command.  The rest of you keep and eye out for anyone trying to leave the building.  Hold your fire until you’ve identified the person or persons, when we exit we will move into the clearing and stay there, anyone else will head for a car or the woods.  All right, let’s move out.”
Robert and his men moved quietly across the yard to the front door while three men moved to the back door.  He made sure two guys were positioned at the garage and the remainder surrounded the house, but stayed out of the clearing.  Robert left his guys near the front steps while he crept up to one of the front windows.  The blinds had been let down.  He peeked through a gap and at first saw nothing but an empty living room.  Then his heart skipped a beat as he came across a body lying on the floor.  It appeared to be the mother lying in a pool of blood.  He wrenched his eyes from the scene and crawled back to the other two.
“Looks like he’s here, one of the family members has been shot.  Get on the radio and let the group at the back door know we are going to enter on my command.”
“We have a confirmed sighting; we are moving in, is everyone in position?”
“Confirmed, we have surrounded the house.”
“We await your command at the back door.”
“We are waiting at the garage.”
“On three:  one, two, three.”
The door crashed open as Robert’s men kicked it in, he covered from behind.  He stepped onto the landing gun at the ready.  The room was clear; he could hear movement at the back of the house.  He signaled the other two to head around to the left while he took the right, where the body of the mom lay.  He moved around the entrance to the living room checking the corners of the room.  He moved in, there was no sound or movement.  He walked over to the body and crouched down to check for a pulse.  He caught a movement from behind him and spun bringing his pistol around.  He felt a stab of pain as something connected with the left side of his face and he then felt himself falling.  His head hit the ground, sending a searing pain across its right side.  His ears were ringing, he vision was blurry, but he could just make out the face of the mom feet from his.  She was dead, he could tell from the eyes, the expression, the last moments of fear etched in them.  He starred in horror unable to take his eyes away, then all of a sudden his vision cleared, he wasn’t in the house anymore… he was cold.  He tried to move and realized he was tied to a wall.  He looked up and saw James Ferguson tied to the wall to the left of him, he was dead.  He looked straight ahead, there sitting at the desk was Trent Frennur.  Trent was looking straight at him, with a steady crazed look in his eyes and a smile of amusement on his face.  He started toying with what looked like a group of instruments.  His picked one up and got up, walking slowly toward Robert.  Robert’s mind was racing; he didn’t know why he was here.  He was getting cold, he couldn’t break eye contact, and he couldn’t take it.
“This isn’t real, you are dead!  This can’t be happening, I can’t be here!  Please!  Please let me wake up, let me go, I don’t want to be here!”
Trent started laughing, still walking closer.  Robert started screaming.  He felt something in his hand, in sheer desperation he tried to bring his arm up and it came.  He found he had a pistol in his hand, he pulled trigger.  Trent’s expression changed to shock as he lunged for the ground the bullet missing him by inches.  Robert felt himself get held down and the gun wrenched from his grasp by someone he couldn’t see.  He felt another stab of pain and his vision went dark and he heard voices.  He tried to struggle...it was no use, it was over.



6:  Triumphs and Trials

“I want a full report from both of you by the end of today, don’t leave any detail out.  This case is getting closer attention so the news is already out; we can’t afford any mistakes.”
“Yes sir.”
“Charlie, you are in charge of closing the case out, Leo will help.  Save Robert for last, he hasn’t come do yet and when he does he won’t be up to talking, but we still need to de-brief him.  Make sure you stay on top of things, the Boss is sending some of his men down to oversee and gather information, and I want this to be professional.
“Yes sir!”
“Oh and guys, congratulations, this was the fastest high priority case yet.  Catching Marson was great, his death was regrettable, but considering the circumstances, understandable.  Robert’s tip to the Warden resulted in the arrest of his two suspects, the Warden is looking further, but no new names have come up and the two have stated no one else was involved.  Robert’s situation is troubling and I don’t see a good outcome, but that is out of our hands.  Let’s take what we can.  Get going, I will give you an update on Robert whenever I am able to, I’m heading over the hospital right now to meet the family.”
Guy watched the two leave.  He sighed.  This should be a celebration, but instead he had a headache.  How could his best agent go down like this, just when things were going right?  He slowly got up, and started out towards his car.  He hated meeting the families.  He was not good at comforting them, plus his family had treated him like dirt and he only found himself comparing with disdain.  When that many people come together they bring all their troubles with them, he preferred to keep his to himself and have others keep theirs to their selves.  Work was different, he could put up with it there, after all, he could always retire and leave them be.  Can’t be helped, Robert’s family was not allowed to be with their son unattended and seeing as everyone else was busy, it might as well be him.  He got in his car and headed to the hospital.
Guy reached the hospital; the family was waiting for him.  He had to endure all the greetings, Robert’s Parents Mike and Tabitha, then his brother Ryan with his wife and kids; Elizabeth, Abigail, and Jordan.  After all this came the questions, concerns, and a bit of crying (which was still too much for him); “people should learn to control their emotions,” he thought to himself.  He explained what he could withholding information he was not authorized to release, the seizure being part of that information, then they headed up to see Robert.
Robert lay in his bed, still unconscious, but peaceful.  The left side of his face was bandaged and he had two black eyes, though the right one was starting to fade.
“So he was hit?” Mike asked quietly.
“Well, he took a couple hits as the first didn’t put him down.  Thankfully the others with him got to him before he took on more injury.”  Guy left out any hints of Robert’s panic attack.  The FBI wanted the information withheld for reputation sake, but it would make the family take the matter all the more seriously, considering the first time Robert had one of these panic attacks was in the presence of his parents.  This all added to his headache, for he had to make sure all witnesses took an oath not to release any information, and he was starting to get flack from higher up for hiring Robert when he knew of the first instance (though they signed off on it as well).  Besides, Robert had held up fine till now.  Guy pondered what could have made this occasion different.  The scene was more gruesome, the whole family killed (the other big black spot on this case).  At least Marson wouldn’t be around to cause any more trouble other than paperwork, which he would have had to do either way.
The family stuck around for a few hours before heading back to the hotel, all of them living out of town.  Guy told them he would call whenever Robert came to (after a debriefing of course).  At least he wouldn’t have to stick around this time.  This was all such a headache.  With that last thought Guy headed back to the office.

Robert’s dreaming faded out and he slowly became aware of sounds and a dull pain in and surrounding his head.  His left face hurt the most and felt like it was wrapped.  He didn’t open his eyes as they hurt, so he tried to take in his surroundings by ear.  From the sounds he could tell he was in a hospital, which explained his bound face.   He made sure nothing else hurt, and thankfully nothing did.  He tried to re-call how he got here.  There were so many dreams, all so real, but one stood out the most; begin tied up at SODM, facing Trent Frennur.  He knew it was a dream because Frennur was dead, as well as James, but it had felt real.  He thought back further, not wishing to dwell on that memory and that cold stare.  He remembered entering a house, stooping to check a body, a dead one.  He was hit!  Must have been the butt of a gun, judging from the wide spread pain on his face.  He had gone down easily enough.  Then he remembered having his pistol in his dream.  He had fired it at Frennur, but somehow he knew he had shot it in real life as well.  Had he hit someone?  He thought hard, trying to recall scenes, even sounds.  He thought he remembered hearing a shot before his.  He didn’t have a bullet wound, so it must have been one of the police shooting at Marson.  That meant he could have shot at anyone.  Going on his dream Trent Frennur had dodged the bullet, so he must assume whoever he shot at did as well.  After he shot he must have had the gun wrestled from his grip and been held down.  Finally, when he didn’t stop struggling he guessed whoever was holding him down must had hit him to knock him out, as he couldn’t remember anything after that, except strange dreams.
He opened his eyes and took in the hospital room, adjusting to the light coming in through the window.  His nurse walked in.
“Awake I see.  How are you felling?”
“Not too bad, my face is hurting a little, but that it to be expected I guess.”
“What pain level would you say it is, on a scale of one to ten?”
“I suppose a four.  How long have I been out?”
“About five days now.  Can I get you anything?”
“Some water would be great for now.”
“I will be back with that.”
The nurse left and he was once again left to himself, at least until the nurse returned with the water.  Later in the day the doctor came in to see how he was doing.  After talking for a few minutes he left seeming happy about Robert’s condition.  As he was leaving Guy and Leo came in.  Guy asked the doctor to make sure no one came in while they were there.  The doctor looked to protest, but after one glance at Guy he shuffled out.  Upon closing the door they asked how he was doing, made some small talk, and then launched into what they came for.  Robert made no objections, he would have done the same thing, and he wanted to get some answers.  He told them all he remembered, except details on the dream, because he didn’t want the suspicion and prying.  Instead he spun the part about seeing a dead body, Marson leaning over to torture him, and then being held down, he also mentioned himself shooting at Marson.  Leo recorded the conversation.  After they had finished their questioning it was Robert’s turn.  He first confirmed his thoughts on what happened, making sure he hadn’t shot anyone.  He came close to shooting a cop apparently.  He found out that Marson had killed the entire family and he had been shot after hitting Robert and died at the scene.  Robert also found out his suspicions back at the prison had been accurate.  After everything had been said and done, Guy and Leo rose to leave.  Guy warned Robert not to tell anything about the seizure to anyone, or the case on Marson.  He was allowed to say he had been hit while on duty.  He also warned Robert that the agency was looking into the whole panic attack and things weren’t looking good at the moment.   Finally, due to all that was happening, Guy told Robert to take the week off or at least until he heard otherwise.  Robert took it as a fair warning, but let it lay for now, first he needed to get out of here.  Guy and Leo left, leaving him to wait for his family, who he knew would show up momentarily.
The family entered as families usually do, with much confusion.  Robert’s mom was crying, his dad had that pondering look he always had when he was considering something he didn’t like, and his brother just had an honest look of thankfulness, which Robert assumed was to see him awake and okay.  Ryan’s family was along for the ride; not having seen Robert much over the years due to his job and how much extra time he spent doing it.  The distance in where they all lived played a large difference as well, himself residing in Virginia, and the rest in Colorado.  Ryan’s son quickly shed his shyness and started asking questions on his injuries, obviously in awe of them.  He didn’t have a problem with this, in fact Robert didn’t mind being around his family, it was just his work kept him from getting home that often.  The few times he had he got along fine with everyone, as long as they didn’t start harping on him about what he should be doing with his life.  Right now they were just happy to see he was all right and were content to just talk.  The question was asked about his side of the story, which amazingly enough (or not so amazing) was pretty close to what Guy told them.  He knew his dad’s temperament would shift if he dared mention his panic attack.  His dad still didn’t approve of his job, though now for more religious reasons, mainly his staying away from church.  As all good things come to an end, so did this one, his dad finally spoke his mind.  He seemed to think he had dovetailed it into the conversation of favorite dinner meals, but it really came across bluntly, enough that even Ryan winced.
“Speaking of dinners have you had a spiritual one lately?”
Everyone one went quiet, making the scene more awkward, though dad didn’t seem to notice.
“Dad, I don’t really want to talk about this.”
“Oh come on, there has got to be some good churches in the area, which ones have you found?”
“You already know what I think on this, and I don’t consider communion all that necessary as I don’t require that sort of meditation.”
“Everyone requires especially that sort of meditation, unless they don’t believe in God to begin with.”  Mike was starting to show some signs of irritation at Robert’s last remark.
“Dad, I already told you, I believe in God, I believe Christ was more than just a prophet or a good man, I believe he died for my sins, I don’t need anything more than that.  I don’t have a family yet and I don’t see the application of all this to my career!”
“Well, maybe you are too wrapped up in your career!”
At this Tabitha jumped in, “that is enough boys, we are here to visit Robert, not argue till the end of time, let’s save this for later.”  
Ryan nodded his approval, though the pondering look on his face showed he hadn’t fell far from the apple tree.  With that they made some small talk up until they left.  By that time Robert had been told he could leave the next day, so he agreed to meet his family for supper the next night.
The next night he ate with his family, who seemed to have passed the awkward conversation of the previous night, all except his dad, who rarely joined in the talk.  They passed the time well enough, and then parted ways.  Everyone had to get back and Robert was anxious to get to work and find out what was happening.  It really was nice to see his family again and he promised he would show up for Christmas this year and stay a couple weeks, he had enough vacation leave to do so, though there was always the possibility of an emergency arriving.  Of course, Guy made it sound like his job may be in jeopardy, which explained his growing anxiousness.  He saw his family to the airport the next morning and though was told to take a week off, headed in to work; he couldn’t stand to wait.  He waved goodbye as they boarded the plane and then headed to his car.  He arrived in front of his work half an hour later, took a deep breath, and then headed in. 



7:  The Inquisition

Robert walked into his work ready to take the worst.  He had a mixture of greetings, everything from a few slaps on the back with congratulations, some expression of gladness to see him out of the hospital (he still had his left face bandaged), to a few shifty glances and a parting wave.  He made his way to his office, passing Guy’s office on the way.  Guy was talking to a few of the other agents; he looked up and saw Robert pass by.  The look held a momentary surprise, then back to that hard stare.  Robert went into his office and sat down.  He started to check his phone messages and email.  After a minute or two Guy knocked on his door and came in.
“Robert, what are you doing here?”  
The question was not meant to have an answer as Robert looked up at Guy, who stood there, wondering why his orders had been disobeyed.
“I couldn’t take not knowing; I thought I would stop in and check up on things, see what I needed to catch up on.”
“Look Robert, I gave you an order and I expect it to be obeyed.  I’ve got enough on my hands right now.  I wouldn’t be doing if it wasn’t in your best interest, or if I didn’t have to, but this comes from higher up.  If they catch you in here it will only rain down fire on my head.  As for catch up, I’ve had to pass off all your work to others, again, orders from up above.  You are officially on leave until further notice.  Go home this moment and pass the time however you can.  You will be having some visits from a doctor to access your mental condition, so be prepared.  If you had gone home you would know all this.  You are also not supposed to leave your home without calling in; the number is with all the other information we left in your home.  You are just going to have to weather this through.”
Robert sat there; taking all this in, how could he have known things were going to be this bad.  What was going on?
As if sensing Robert’s confusion Guy sighed, closed the door, and sat down across the desk from him.
“Look Robert, I’m sorry, this isn’t how I wanted things either.  I’m trying to keep this all under control, but it is spiraling.  I might as well tell you and save you the shock later.  We lied to you at the hospital, I was told not to tell you, to let you recover first and to keep things from getting out, but the cop you shot at was indeed hit.  No, he’s not dead, thankfully, but you missed hit vest and hit him in the shoulder.  If that isn’t bad enough, he is now pressing chargers after receiving extensive surgery and finally having to lose his arm.  I’m sorry, this was your biggest case, and without this you would have gotten a promotion, I’m sure of it, but it did happen and we can’t do anything about it except to wait it out.  So please, go home, take your mind of off it as best you can and try to rest up.”
Robert’s mind was starting to spin, uncontrolled his eyes started to water.  He had never hurt anyone other than his target, and never someone supporting him.  To add to that, taking that person’s arm was more than he could take.  For all he knew the man may lose his job and have to live off of disability.  He would have to change how he lived his life, how he did things.  How would his wife react, his family, they too would take part in this challenge.  Not to mention his own job was as stake, he certainly couldn’t keep his current position.  If he was let go, what would that do to his career?  It certainly would be a blemish on his record.
“Robert please, go home.”
Robert nodded, blinking out the tears.  Without a word he stood and walked out of his office.  He hardly noticed anyone on the way out, but the little he saw were people averting their attention elsewhere.  Word spreads fast here.  He hardly remembered getting in the car and heading home, he barely remembered opening his door, seeing the folder on the floor with all the information, climbing into bed, and drifting off into a disturbed sleep.
Robert woke up to the phone ringing.  He climbed out of bed and answered it.  It was a doctor, psychologist, trying to schedule an appointment.  For some reason he couldn’t remember why, but he knew he was supposed to, so he set if for tomorrow, better to get it over with.  He hung up and then gradually the day’s news came flooding back to him.  He sank into the couch and stared at the wall, thinking why this had to happen to him, a mixture of guilt and self-pity sinking in.  He tried to think of something else, but couldn’t, he spent the remainder of the day in this state, his spirits as low as they could be, till he finally crawled back into bed and fell into troubled sleep once more.
He woke up in the morning with a bad headache, but he seemed to be over the worse of it, for the moment.  He tried to distract himself throughout the morning, making a large breakfast, watching a movie, and thinking of how he would talk to the doctor.  He wanted to make sure his stories matched with what he told Guy and Leo, since the doctor must have been provided all the information on the events.  He didn’t feel he should let on about Frennur, it would recall too much.  Surely the doctor would know of his first event, but he was just going to have to hope he didn’t make too much of a connection.
The doctor arrived after lunch and began by asking Robert how he felt, how he was coping; the usual talk.  He told him that he was asked not only to write a report, but to continue with weekly appointments if needed to make sure Robert would not have further repercussions.  He had Robert lie down and relive the events, which wasn’t too comforting.  Obviously he was more interesting in the seizure and the hallucinations surrounding it.  He asked many questions, a few catching Robert slightly of guard, but he was trained to handle these things, so by the end the doctor seemed satisfied with the telling and was finishing writing his notes.
“Well Robert, I do think all this has a direct tie to what happened to you years ago as a child.  It is not uncommon to have such long lulls between, though you do seem to face a lot more stress than most people.  Having seen your record you seem to be able to grasp your opponent’s intent very well, so you have a sort of connection, not meaning you share the same thought patterns, but that you seem to take a keener interest than most.  In so doing you may on occasion stumble on some things that are rather shocking, especially if it comes with disturbing images, such as dead bodies.  The connection between your first and second encounter is all too familiar, with such men as, ah, Trent Frennur and this Marson guy.”
“I suppose that makes sense, but what is to be done about it.  My goal here is to maintain my occupation.”
“I understand.  It is not my job to help you keep your occupation, but to deliver my notes and my concerns and diagnoses.  I do think we should set up a weekly meeting if you wish to continue in such a career.  Whether that helps you with your job or not, it will help you mentally.  You have a lot more to recover from than you think.
“Okay, I will get back in touch with you later; I need to think things through at the moment.”
“Fine, fine, good day to you sir, if you need to talk anything over, or just talk things out, give me a call, here is my card.”
“Thanks, I will.”
With that the doctor left and Robert was left alone again, letting the days go by.  It was harder than he dared admit.  He couldn’t stop thinking about what had happened, what was going to happen.  Every time he got on that train of thought it spiraled out of control and he would fall apart all over again.  After five days of trying to waste away the time he started to panic and he kept on wanting to pick up the phone and call Guy, see what was going on.  He hadn’t heard anything, he also had not bothered to call the doctor, he didn’t want to talk to him; he just wanted to move on with his life.  At this point he would even take bad news, if only to find a way onward.  He thought back to the events, trying to wish they happened differently, trying to convince himself he was having a bad dream.  He started thinking of his dream; James dead, Frennur approaching him with glee in his eyes, delighted to see the fear in Robert’s own eyes.  Why Frennur, what made him always come up.  
Robert froze in thought, he still had the files on him at least he could start digging and find out what about Frennur fascinated him so much.  He set to work, pulling out the files, marking the order they were in first, then spreading them out.  He started piecing the case together, thinking it through.  The pictures were disturbing, but it gave him something to think about, something to do.  He started thinking as if the case was still on and it was up to him to solve it.  He was reading over Gatchet’s work, getting into his head.  After two days of this he had paper spread out all around the house, arranged in different crimes scenes, different investigations.  He knew that the case had been solved, but it didn’t make it less intriguing.  He studied everything, even the gruesome shots of the victims.  
Over the next few days he heard some news that things were still moving forward on his case, the lawsuit had been settled out of court and the FBI was now trying to decide on where to start with Robert.  He didn’t care, he had a mission.  He was going to figure out his own problem, why he panicked, why Frennur came up so many times.  He soon found himself getting bored with other problems; they seemed pale in comparison to what the men tracking Trent had to go through.  He found the images bothered him less, found he watching more violent movies when he was taking a break.  The breaks became less frequent until all he thought about was the case, along with Marson and all the other cases he had worked on, making connections, drawing parallels, until one morning, when a knock came on the door.



8:  Discoveries

He barely noticed the knock on his door, he was deep in thought, but Robert went over and opened it anyway.  The person standing there managed to bring him out of his self imposed trance, for there stood his brother Ryan.
“Uh, Ryan, what are you doing here?”
“Thanks for the warm welcome.”
“What…oh, I’m sorry, I just wasn’t expecting you, and I’m kind of distracted these days, come in, come in.”
“Ryan walked in and was stunned to see the shape of the place.  Leftovers were lying around and papers were scattered everywhere.
“Distracted seems a good description, though a little under stated.”
“Would you like something to drink?  What brings you around?”
“Well I was in town on business and thought I would drop by, see how you were doing?”
“Oh, I’m fairing okay, I’m being reviewed by my company at the moment, seems I shot a cop and made him loose his arm.”
“What!”
“Oh…um…I guess I wasn’t supposed to say that, sorry, my mind is in other places these days.  Please don’t tell anyone else.”
“Uh…okay, but that sounds pretty serious, I hope it wasn’t intentional.”
“No, no.  I guess since I told you that part I might as well let on that I had another panic attack and apparently pulled a gun on someone in my hallucination, but instead shot a cop in real life.  Once again, don’t tell anyone else this.”
“You don’t seem too shaken up over it.”
“I was, but I have to move on, the cop is still alive and moving on as well.”
“That’s an interesting way to put it.”
“Well, that’s life for you.”
Robert walked into the kitchen, Ryan followed.  As Ryan passed the kitchen table he glanced at the papers, his brother didn’t seem his normal self, almost forced.  The papers made his heart skip a beat.  There lay pictures of dead bodies, tortured, gruesome, and in the center of it all, a picture of Trent Frennur.  Ryan felt he was going to faint so he looked away and instead fixed his gaze on Robert.  Robert was absentmindedly staring at him and the table, seeming to just realize what was taking place, coming back to reality.
“Oh, don’t mind those Ryan, I was asked to clean up some files while on leave, thought I would start on this one, pretty interesting really, considering our child hood and all.  Here, have a soda.”
Ryan glanced at the dirty glass with soda in it being offered to him, then at his brother.  He was trying to sort this out, trying to figure out what seemed wrong with his brother.  Robert didn’t seem to like this quiet pondering; he kept shifting his eyes, tapping his hands on the counter.
“Robert, I’m going to cut to the point here, because I don’t like what I see.  It appears I have caught you with your hand in the cookie jar; at least by the way you are acting.  In all the times we discussed your job I supported you, because you really seemed concerned about people and what lay hidden to hurt them, yet you never ever seemed to be obsessed about what came along with the job, the gruesome details.  Sure you put up with them, but only to help in the end, to make sure people such as Frennur were caught.  This doesn’t look like that Robert.  It looks like you are becoming obsessed with this case.  I figured there was some attraction, but I never thought you would come to this point.”
“I don’t know what you are talking about.”
“No?  Then how do you explain your notes here, detailing the murders, the crimes, and yet we both know this case is closed, you cannot help anyone here, because what is done is done.”
“Maybe I’m learning…”
“Don’t give me that, you know good and well what happened to Gatchet, who also thought he could pry into the mind of the demented.  Where is he now?  He sits in a bed, mumbling to himself while his family has been forced to move on without him.  Is that what you want?”
“Get out.”
“You know, I think you are running from something, and you found this to occupy yourself.”
“Get out!”
“Fine I will leave Robert, but with these parting words:  you are running directly into what you are running from.”
Before Robert could say another word Ryan spun around and left, slamming the door behind him.  Robert stood there, both guilt and anger displayed on his face.  He knew his brother was right, but he didn’t want to hear it, he had no right.  Coming here, lecturing him on how he should live his life.  That was all his family did:  go to this church, do this job, get a family; he was tired of it.  It was time to he lived his own life and they would just have to deal with it.
The week sped on, the FBI was going to charge him, but the final verdict wasn’t out yet, and still he pored over Frennur’s files.  Yet he couldn’t stop thinking of his brother’s words, which only brought anger anymore.
Friday came, and Robert sat on his couch, staring at the wall, his mind so confused he had no idea what he was doing, he hadn’t slept all week.  A letter slipped under his door.  He stared at it for what seemed like an hour.  He didn’t even think what it was, just stared at it.  Finally he got up, walked over, and picked it up.  It didn’t have an address, just said Robert Drake on it, the handwriting was unfamiliar.  He opened it, and looked at the bottom of the last page, not caring what the rest had to say.  Margaret Gatchet shown in handwriting that seemed to be firm, yet gentle.  He fumbled for the first sheet, confused, yet suddenly attentive.  He read:

Dear Robert,
You may be surprised to see a letter from me know doubt and I’m not one for secrets so I’m going to come out and say that your brother has visited me.  This may make for some anger after hearing of your last encounter, but I felt that I should say something, something that you should, and need to hear.  This has to do with my husband, Bartholomew.

Robert threw the papers down, he couldn’t believe it, his brother was at it again, messing with his life, prying, judging; trying to convince him he was wrong.  He walked off and started making lunch.  After burning three grilled cheese sandwiches he gave up and ate a few chips, sitting again on the couch.  He found himself looking at the letter, he told himself he wouldn’t read it, but it only made him want to read it more.  After an hour of arguments with himself he finally gathered up the letter and started reading again.

As you well know, my husband resides in a mental hospital.  He spent only a few years of his life tracking Trent Frennur, and suffered a lifetime for it.  Bart was a kind man, considered one of the softest police men and often giving warnings (maybe too many).  He was a good husband and father, not perfect, but good.  He was a religious man, always taking us to church, believing in the grace and mercy of God, most likely where he got his soft spot.  Yet when he got the lead on Frennur something came out that none of us had even known existed, pride.  Sure we were all proud of him, but he took it to heart.  When he was offered a position in the FBI on the case, he took it, seeing it as a step up.  The next few years were hard and they wore on his pride, his momentary victory slipping from him, but out of sheer luck (or providence as I like to put it), he finally caught Frennur.  He acknowledged that it was a best guess at first, but soon thought his subconscious must have known all alone, pride yet again.  I noticed it, but wasn’t forthright enough to bring it to his attention.  He soon set off on his journey to further understand why men can murder without any sign of guilt and find enjoyment in it.  At first he said he was doing it for the good of the people, I believed him, still do, but man can’t sit and eat with the enemy and come out unscathed.  You see, even the most religious man still has the old man, the man that hates God because he realizes only God has control over what happens in life.  We like to think we are in control, taking hold of our destiny, but in the end we only make decisions on what we are given in life.  My husband made the choice to try and tinker with the sinful mind, but in the end only found his own sinfulness.  I don’t know how many times I heard him talk in his sleep, or when he confided in me, about how he felt he was doing the things Frennur did.  At times he couldn’t distinguish his own hate with Trent’s, his own callousness with the others.  This is what I believe drove him to the point of his breakdown.  You see, we all share the root of sin that Frennur does, or anyone like him.  It is part of our separation from God; we like to twist what He intended; that is the extent of our hatred.  My husband couldn’t face it apparently, and his mind it lost in thoughts only he and God know.  Knowing this I urge you to not make the same mistake.  Do not dance with the devil as they say, it can only come to harm.  Knowing that people kill and enjoy it is enough, do not presume to find out why; do not dig into their minds.  Your brother seems to care for you very much.  He sought me out in deep distress.  You may think he is trying to run your life, but he is doing what I didn’t for my husband, helping; helping to trip you up before you blunder your way into a world of fear and a world without God.  In parting, I ask you again to put this aside, move on to things more wholesome.  If that is not enough to persuade you, then I demand that you quit digging up my past, my shame, and my husband’s.  You have no business trifling in these matters.

Sincerely and with hope,
Margaret Gatchet

Robert felt the letter slip from his hands as tears welled in his eyes.  He knew all along this was not right, yet convinced himself otherwise.  He had seen what men such as Frennur and Marson could do first hand, yet let himself fall into thinking he could make a difference by studying them beyond need.  That was the excuse, he knew deep down that he found the shock, the gritty details, and the moment of the fight exciting.  Like a soldier home from war, he couldn’t stand the normal life, slowed down to the point of depression.  How often had he glorified fighting throughout his life, the honor, the prestige of taking up arms against the bad guy?  Had he lost the understanding that these were only necessities, that in and of themselves there was no glory, no honor?  No the glory and honor lay in those that understood what taking up arms meant, and did it anyway, because the need was there.  All this, along with the permanently maiming of a cop, brought Robert to his knees.  There was no holding back now, tears streamed from his eyes and his body shook with grief.  For the first time in many years Robert prayed, prayed that God would bring him out of this mess, and back onto the proper path.  He prayed till he finally fell asleep out of grief.
Robert woke up late that morning, eyes puffy, but his mind was clear.  He had one thought on his mind, to return the files back to work and to get back to a normal life.  He started gathering up all the papers and putting them back into the original order.  After he finished he started cleaning up the house, trying to figure out how to get the files back to work, he didn’t want anyone to know he had taken them.  Just as he finished up the dishes he heard a knock on the door, a firm one.  He knew who it was, he walked over and opened the door, and there stood Guy, with a look of disappointment and anger on his face.  He came in without a word, and then turned on Robert.
“Of all the stupid things I have ever seen, this is the worst.  I thought you were smarter than this?  No answer huh, well, stealing a file for personal use is strictly forbidden, did you not know this?  Do you realize where this puts me?  Not only could we both loose our jobs, they could close our division.  Don’t look at me like that, I’m not stupid Robert.  Sure it took a couple weeks, but I finally connected the dots between your two panic attacks, the first being at SODM, after that I figured something triggered the second, so I went looking for the files, only to find them missing.  Thankfully I have some self control or the whole place would have known something was up.”
“I’m sorry sir, I know it was wrong, but I convinced myself otherwise, I guess I’ve always had a fascination with the Frennur case.  That is not an excuse however and I can’t justify what I’ve done.”
“All right, all right, that’s enough of that.  No one else knows and I prefer to keep it that way, so hand over the file and I will make sure it gets back in its place.  I understand you are having a hard time of this, but you also must understand my end, perhaps we may have even been able to avert this whole thing if you hadn’t taken that file.”
Robert handed him the file with a look of guilt on his face.  “Everything is in the original order sir.”
“Fine, fine, look Robert, neither of us can go back, and even if we did we can’t guarantee things would have worked out differently, so let’s put it behind us and move on.”
“Yes sir.”
“I do have some good news.  Having noticed your anxiousness I tried to put in some good words; pull some strings, and I managed to convince the board to let you back in while they wrap things up.  They have decided to drop the full charges in recognition of what you have done for the company, but they haven’t decided if they are going to let you go or not.  In the mean time they said it was okay for you to work on a less strenuous case.  In fact one just came up.  We have a report from some police in Colorado Springs on grand theft.  It appears they are having a big issue with all sorts of things being stolen, from cars to blue ray players, mostly residential.  This has been going on for almost a month now and the local police are at their wits end, not to mention the theft seems to grow by the day.  I told them I would send someone down there to help sort things out.  This isn’t a field position, you are not to carry a gun and you are to spend all your time working at the central police station and your hotel.  You main role is to provide expertise and support.  Do you understand me?”
Robert couldn’t believe his ears, first his conviction and realization of the trouble he was in, and now back at work, back doing what he loved, solving issues for the greater good.  Maybe he could do with some prayer more often.  “Sounds good sir, when do I leave?”
“Give me a few days to get things together and we will get you off and running.  You are allowed to come back to work in the mean time as all the snooping on you is finally over.”
“Sounds good sir, I guess I will come in tomorrow then, might as well take the rest of the day off.”
“That is the most sense I’ve heard from you in a while Robert, see you tomorrow then.”



9:  Running in Circles

Robert spent the rest of the day finishing up cleaning his apartment, then packing for the trip.  The irony had not escaped him that after hearing from Mrs. Gatchet, he would be travelling to the city her husband was being treated.  He wasn’t sure if the Gatchet’s all lived there, but if they did he might have to drop in and give his gratitude.  He did muster up the humility and courage to call his brother that night and thank him.  They talked for about two hours on the subject, as well as others.  Before hanging up Robert asked Ryan not to mention anything to their parents, he didn’t want to worry them, and didn’t feel like a lecture on how he should have been living, besides, he wasn’t sure where he stood on the many Christian stances his dad was sure to bring up, he might have prayed, but he hadn’t changed many of his views.  Ryan said he disagreed with him, but would respect his request and keep it to the two of them.  They hung up.
The next day Robert went in to work to a much better atmosphere than the last time.  Everyone was telling him they were happy to see him and glad everything was working out.  He spent most of the day coming up to speed on his new task as well as getting in touch with the local police; mainly talking to the chief, whose name was Jeremy Butler.  From the sound of his voice he seemed to be a competent and well trained officer, though he sounded young, about Robert’s age.  They set up a meeting for the next afternoon after he landed, got his rental car, and checked into his hotel.
He didn’t really sleep all that well that night, still having trouble coping with the weight of all that had happened, but he passed it well enough.  Before he knew it he was on his flight heading to Colorado Springs.  When he landed four hours later he got his rental, checked into his hotel, and then set off for the police headquarters.  On the way he noticed a mental hospital that he recognized quickly as the one Gatchet was checked into, more irony.  He put it from his mind; he didn’t need to think about that right now.  He got to the headquarters and met up with Jeremy, who in fact was his age.  He was introduced to the team he was going to work with and was shown the resources available to him.  His operation was important, but could not take priority over many of the daily duties, so he was asked to try and incorporate things such as searches and special routes into the current workload of each police officer.  If something required immediate attention then Jeremy would be available to determine if it required higher priority and would assign resources as needed.
The next couple days were spent getting up to speed on what they knew of the robberies, where they occurred, and what leads they had, which weren’t much.  So far the police could find few connections between each robbery.  They were so scattered abroad that Robert was forced over the week to ride along with police routes and do some driving on his own, just to become familiar with the area.  The places stolen from varied from stores in a high traffic area to quiet houses on the edge of the suburbs.  By the end of the week Robert had already added to the spider’s web on the map of the area.  In that week alone twenty robberies occurred.  There were few areas not hit and no way of knowing where the next would be.  Robert even had programmers trying to find some sort of algorithm to explain things, but no connection could be made.  In the mean time he had Jeremy and his staff working overtime with him trying to expand police patrol routes, varying the timing and method of each route, even swapping drivers every few days.  They had a complicated web of routes to deal with everyday, but despite this headache no one complained.  It seemed Jeremy kept a pretty well controlled environment, though a little more laid back than some Robert had seen.  Jeremy himself was a down to earth guy, taking things in stride, but taking them seriously.  Not much seemed to bring him down and that seemed to spread to his staff.
Unfortunately the same couldn’t be said of Robert.  He had been there two weeks now with still nothing to show.  On top of that he still wasn’t getting sleep, between working overtime and still struggling with past and present issues.  It was almost as if things were compounding on themselves.  By the end of the second week he found himself yelling as his co-workers and not taking responses all too well.  Jeremy finally had to step in to calm him down.
“Robert, can I have a word with you in my office?”
“Sure, I will be there in a few minutes.”
He walked into Jeremy’s office a few minutes later shutting the door by Jeremy’s request.
“Look Robert, I know you’ve been under some stress lately, but I’ve noticed you are taking out some anger on my employees.  I’m afraid that is not acceptable.  I have great pride and confidence in these people and if you have any problems with them, then I suggest taking it up with me and not them.  As it is they are working double to help out.”
Robert took a deep breath, he didn’t like hearing it, but he knew it was true.  “Your right, I’m sorry, I am not angry at anyone nor do I have any complaints.  I’ve been taking out my frustration on this case on them and that is not fair.”
“I’m not going to say that is okay, because it isn’t and it needs to stop, but I do understand.  We’ve been working on this longer than you and have had our fair share of frustrations.  We do appreciate the help and expertise, but I do think you need to lighten up a little.  In fact, I recommend you take this weekend off; catch up on some sleep and maybe go out and see a few sights.  We will keep up on our current routes and keep logging information while you are gone, if something comes up we will give you a call.”
“I think that is good advice, and I’m sorry again.  Any recommendations on what I should go see?”
“Sure, I will give you a list by days end.”
Robert left the office and made sure to keep his frustration and anger down the rest of the day.  The idea of getting out sounded really good and did help his spirits quite a bit.  He figured he would start tonight, get out, and go see a show, then maybe head into the mountains tomorrow.  He stayed true to these thoughts.  He took himself out to dinner, went to watch a movie, and then headed back to the hotel.  He managed to get a small amount of sleep that night, more than he had gotten previously.  He just couldn’t get his mind off the case completely, even though he wasn’t really dwelling on it, and every time he fell into a deep sleep he would start dreaming a mixture of all the things he was going through.
The next day he drove out to the mountains.  He took a hike on one of the trails at the top, feeling out of breath within an hour because of the high elevation.  He came to a bench on a scenic overlook and sat down.  The scene was beautiful, yet he couldn’t get himself to enjoy it.  For some reason he couldn’t shake off the disappointment with himself.  Not only had he gone through a mental break down in a way, he now couldn’t even solve the case assigned to him.  How stupid could he be; having been given a second chance, and could produce nothing out of it.  He got up to walk again, sick of this train of thought.  He started thinking about the case again.  Why couldn’t he figure this out?  It was as if it wasn’t meant to be solved.  Each new robbery was in the complete opposite of where he expected, even when he tried to expect the opposite.  So many of the robberies happened without witnesses, so time frames were guesses within hours, and they had their routes down to minutes of precision.  He had even found out Jeremy had conducted a search of the police to see if there was an inside man, explaining his confidence in his workers.  Robert had conducted his own as well, with Jeremy’s permission, just to dot the “i.”  There was nothing there.  They were also trying to track re-sale of items, but they couldn’t find any clues there either.  The pawn shops weren’t full, and there was little sign of street selling.  The few times they caught someone they couldn’t match the equipment to anything on their lists, which were longer than he cared to know.
In frustration he nearly ran headlong into someone.  He apologized, and then seemed to recognize the person.  He looked very familiar.  He started walking on then suddenly realized that this man had a resemblance to Bart Gatchet.
“Excuse me, are you by chance related to Bartholomew Gatchet?”
“Uh, yes I am, and not by chance, I’m his son, may I ask who you are?”
“Oh sorry, my name is Robert Drake, my brother Ryan has met with your mom in the last month and she wrote me letter of great encouragement, you see I’m in the same business as your dad was.”
“I see, I heard about your brother’s visit, thought the details were left out.”
“Do you live in the area, uh…?”
“Name is Ezra, and no I don’t, I live a few hours away in the same town as my mom.  She needs some taking care of these days.  We are in town visiting dad.”
“Is your mom with you, I would love to thank her for her letter?”
“No, I’m afraid she doesn’t get around so well anymore, and hasn’t been able to make the trip for almost a year now.”
“Oh, well I’m sorry to hear that.”
“Yeah, well, comes with age I suppose.  Look, it’s been nice to meet you, but I have to get going, just couldn’t resist coming up here since I was in town.”
“Right, nice to meet you as well, bye.”
Ezra turned and walked off.  The confrontation however ironic didn’t seem to help Robert.  His mind was only filled with more things to consider.  He decided he had had enough of walking and started on his way back to the car.  He got home that night and still could not manage much sleep.  In the morning he decided to go into work, not the first Sunday he had worked, and walked into a police headquarters that was buzzing with talk.  He kept catching words here and there:  “Gatchet escaped,” “found dead,” “you think it all adds up?” and on and on it went.  He made his way over to Jeremy’s office and asked what was going on.  Jeremy didn’t really want to say, but since Robert had already heard bits, he decided to let him know.
“Looks like Bartholomew Gatchet escaped from the mental hospital last night.  As of right now we are not sure how, but we are looking into it.  To complicate the matter a person has been found dead near the area.  Gatchet was found this morning and returned, but is a prime suspect for the murder, given his past breakdown and what caused it.”
“So that is what ‘adds up’ means?”
“Yes and no.  I’m sure you heard rumors around that people are coming up missing.  Well, we been getting some anonymous calls of that nature, but we haven’t been able to track them down, you see, they are illegal immigrants, so we don’t know they are here to begin with and we don’t know where to look for them.  All we know is a few calls have been made over the last couple years.  We haven’t even determined if they are true or not, but you know how rumors go, and now Bart is part of that rumor.”
“What do you think?”
“I don’t know, I think we would have known before if Bart got out, I think the missing people could well be a practical joke, besides, this last murder wasn’t an illegal immigrant.  Anyway, you need not worry about this, you have another task.  How was your weekend, however cut short?”
“Not the greatest, but the fresh air did some good, I at least feel less agitated, but all the more confused.”
“Sorry to hear that, well I’ve got to get back to work, let me know if you need anything Robert.”
“All right, thanks.”
Robert headed over to his make shift setup and started getting back into work.  He found it didn’t take long to get worked up again.  He just couldn’t figure anything out about these robberies.  By the end of the day he was so frustrated, so confused, that he couldn’t even figure out what he was supposed to be thinking about.  He kept finding himself thinking about Bartholomew and the recent murder.  By the time he got home his thinking was so clouded that he convinced himself that this was something he should look into, and there was only one place to go.  Two and a half hours later he found himself at the front step of the Gatchet’s house about to knock.



10:  Spinning Wheels

The door opened before Robert even had a chance to knock.  Light came pouring out of the house into the darkness, illuminating Robert; but preventing him from seeing the person standing in the doorway.
“I saw you pull up, you must be Robert.  I’ve been expecting you since my son told me he ran into you.  No need to stand there looking awkward, you know who I am, so come on in, sit down.”
Robert nodded his head and walked into the house.  It was a quant house, nothing extravagant, very old fashioned looking.  He looked at Mrs. Gatchet with her graying hair and kindly smile, she seemed a joyful person, but her eyes told him her life hadn’t been, and wasn’t all smiles and laughs.
“In here.”
He followed her into a living room with antique furniture and sat down where she motioned.  She offered him tea, he accepted, even though tea wasn’t really one of his likes.  She left and came back in three minutes.
“Already had the water boiling, you caught me at tea time.  Here you are.”
“Thank you.”
“Your welcome, now tell me, what has brought you out here after dinner hours.”
“Well, first off I would like to thank you for your letter, it really did help me and I found myself back in good graces you could say, but I have another matter I wanted to discuss.”
“Well, I’m glad I could help, but you certainly do look the worse for wear.  Not sleeping well I presume.  What would you like to get off your chest?”
“I’m afraid to bring this up, but it is about your husband.  I don’t know if you’ve heard yet, but your husband escaped last night and was found this morning and returned, but the police suspect him of murdering someone while he was out.”  He watched Mrs. Gatchet’s expression change as a worried look came over her.  She wiped her eyes and sat there starring into space.
“I’m sorry to bring this news, I’m sure that I am breaking something by telling you before the police, but I don’t believe their suspicions.  I don’t have much to go on, but it just doesn’t sit right with me and I’m willing to find out what is going on here.”
She gazed at him with red eyes, “I’m not sure I understand what you mean.”
“Well I have a thought that might help out, though it might sound crazy.  I’m going to suggest you have your husband moved here.  I’ve already talked to the local nursing home and they are willing to hire someone to see after your husband.  They seem to know you and your family and would love to help.”  
Robert could see Mrs. Gatchet starting to look angry; after all he was prying into her life.  
“Look your son said you haven’t been able to visit him, so this will move him closer, and I have this feeling that he is getting blamed for something he didn’t do.  They think he is escaping on occasion and killing people.  Now one could wait this out, but if this rumor is being spread by someone to frame him and we can prove it wrong, then it would remove their fall guy, so to speak.”
“Look I appreciate your concern, but I still don’t understand what you are saying.  You think someone is using my husband as a fall guy?  None of this makes any sense and I don’t think you have any business with any of this, as I said in my letter.  I think you are letting yourself get carried away.”
Robert buried his head in his hands.  What was he doing here?  Why did he think this was necessary, he would get in trouble if anyone found out he had come here.  He was supposed to be working on theft, not murders and mental wards.  He got up and mumbled his apologies and started for the door.
Mrs. Gatchet watched him go, feeling confused and sorry for this man.  She didn’t really follow what he was saying, but he had touched on something she had long wished for, moving her husband closer, maybe this was a sign.
“Robert, I’m sorry, I’m afraid you have touched on a sore spot in my life.”
Robert turned to see a more sober Mrs. Gatchet.
“If you think moving my husband is a good idea then I guess I am willing to try it, I really would like to have him closer, in fact I’ve tried on a couple of occasions, but the place where he is now won’t hear of it.  If you think you can get this done, then it will help me out, and I don’t believe my husband would kill anyone, I don’t think he has become Frennur, no matter how much he has lost.”
Robert nodded, the idea still seemed desperate, but something told him he should do it.  “Let’s do it then.  Go to the nursing home here tomorrow morning and get the paperwork done, I will handle the other end.  Let’s keep this quiet for now, outside your family that is, if my half brained idea is going to work I’m going to need some time to see things through.”
Mrs. Gatchet nodded, then without another word Robert walked to the door and left.  As he pulled out of the driveway and started home he once again thought he was going crazy, but crazy or not, he had already set things in motion.

When he got home, once again he found he could not sleep.  If anything, his mind was more preoccupied with this new task.  He was taking a big risk with this and with no clear advantage.  If Guy found out what he was doing he would certainly let him go on the spot, but there would be plenty of court followings after, for him and Guy (who let him go down here to begin with).
Morning dawned and he went into the office, nothing new came about by the time lunch rolled around.  Robert told Jeremy he was going to step out for lunch, but would be back in a few hours.  He headed over to the mental hospital.  By using his badge he managed to get a meeting with Gatchet’s doctor.  He explained the moving of Gatchet closer to his family and got Mrs. Gatchet and the nursing home on the phone.  The doctor was not thrilled with the idea, but given Robert’s status and the family’s approval, he didn’t have much of a choice.  Robert told the doctor that this was not to be published news and made sure that Bart would be moved that evening, he wanted this done before any press or anyone above him could find out.
He left the hospital two hours later, he was going to be a little late, but he doubted Jeremy would mind.  Robert got in his car and started driving back.  He knew the area well enough now to know of a shortcut through a residential area, so he took it.  He had rolled the windows down to get some fresh air, which helped keep him awake and keep his mind clear.  As he passed a house he heard a scream.  On instinct he slowed down and stopped at the next house.  He waited a few moments but didn’t hear anything else.  He parked the car.  Something about that cry didn’t sound right; it sounded desperate.  He got out and walked up to the driveway, it didn’t look like anyone was home.  This could be a domestic dispute, which was well out of his jurisdiction, but he had to find out and calling it in would take too long.  The police patrol through this area was over by a half hour.  He walked up to the door and noticed it was slightly ajar.  He reached for his gun, only to remember he wasn’t allowed to carry one.  He slowly pushed the door opened and heard a man telling someone to stop screaming.  It came from the back of the house.  He crept in and peered into a family room.  There was a man trying to restrain a teen age girl and keep her mouth covered.  He was threatening to kill her if she made a noise.  He was holding a pistol in the other hand, the arm of which was wrapped around the girls waste.  Robert broke into a run and before the guy knew what had happened Robert had wrenched the gun hand from around the girl and around the man’s back, causing the girl to break free.  She screamed and ran into the bathroom next to them locking it behind her.  The man tried to struggle; Robert shoved him down on the ground and pried the gun from the man’s hand, which was still pressed into his back.
“What are you doing here?”  The man started screaming and tried to shake free.  Robert put the gun to the man’s head; he didn’t have time for this.  He pulled the trigger, the gun went off.  The man went quiet.  It took a few seconds for the man to realize Robert hadn’t shot him, but a few inches from the man’s head lay a bullet hole in the floor.
“I’m not playing games here,” Robert said.  “I want an answer now.”
“I was just, just trying to take that laptop and blueray player, honest.  I didn’t know the girl was here, when she came in I didn’t know what to do.  I wasn’t really going to kill her, honest.”
Robert couldn’t believe his ears.  He had been on this case weeks with no clue, then on a side track, happened to stumble right into an act of robbery.  He had no time to figure out the odds on that.
“Are you part of the wholesale theft going on in this city?”  He added some pressure on the man’s head with the tip of the gun to remind the man of his situation.
“Yes, but I’m not the only one.”
“Who is heading all this up?”
“I don’t know; we get a call on where to be at what time, and what items are of value.”
“Where do you drop the things off?”
“We don’t, we get to do whatever we want with them.”
“What, that doesn’t make sense!”
“That’s what I thought, but after we all saw the first couple robberies go off smoothly it only made sense to jump on board.”
Robert heard sirens off in the distance; the girl must have called the police.  His first instinct was to run.  This was his case, but he wasn’t supposed to be in a house with a gun pointed at a person.  There was no use.  He wouldn’t get away fast enough and the girl and man had already seen him; besides, he had to make sure this man didn’t get away, his information would be useful.  His mind started racing, the information the man gave him didn’t add up.  This didn’t sound like grand theft.  There wasn’t enough of a money trail.  He heard cars screech to a halt outside and soon heard the door swing open; he looked up.  Police entered the room with guns held on him.
“Drop the gun!”
Robert dropped the gun and raised his hands.  The cop closest to him recognized him.
“Mr. Drake, what are you doing here?”
At this Robert stood up and backed off of the man.  The other cops came in and pulled the man up taking him out to one of the cars.  “I was out on lunch break and took a shortcut through the neighborhood and heard a scream and noticed the door was open.  I came in to investigate and found this man holding a girl, who’s in the bathroom now, must live here.  I wrestled him down and took his gun and the girl ran into the bathroom.  I got the man to tell me that he was trying to steal this laptop and blueray player to sell later.”
“Is that your bullet hole in the carpet?”
“I’m afraid I lost my temper a little.”
The cop smirked at this.  “Well you had better get outside; we are going to need to get a statement from you.  We will try to get the girl out of the bathroom and get her statement as well.”
Robert headed out the door.  As he walked down the driveway a car pulled up and two worried looking parents got out.  They started to run up the driveway and were stopped by a cop.  Robert cut in:  “I’m guessing you live here?”
“Yes we do, what is going on, is our daughter okay?”
“Your daughter is fine, she walked in on a burglar, who tried to grab her, but we got here just in time to get him down.  Go on into the house, they are trying to get her out of the bathroom to give a statement.”
The cop let them go and nodded at Robert.  Robert started walking down to the car that was holding the thief when Jeremy pulled up.  He got out and walked over to Robert.
“I heard the news, I still can’t believe it.  How in the world did you catch one of our thief’s?  I haven’t passed anything on yet, but you aren’t even supposed to be working out of the office, why didn’t you call this in?”
“I didn’t have time; I already knew the patrol had gone by.  Look Jeremy, before we go on can we take a walk?  I want to talk to you away from prying ears.”
“Sure.”  Jeremy told the men with him to take charge and then started walking with Robert.
“What’s going on, what did you find out?”
“I got the man down and found out he didn’t know who he was stealing for, but there were a lot of different people involved.  He said he got a house number, a time, and a list of objects to look for.  This is where it gets strange; the man said they get to keep the stolen objects.  They can do whatever they want with them.”
“That doesn’t make any sense, though it explains the lack of money trail.  It would also appear that our office is either transparent, or this is an inside job, which we have already checked twice.”
“I’ve been thinking the same things.  Look, we already checked inside our doors and the robberies happen too often for someone to study our routes, so this leads me to think someone else privy to your information is involved, maybe even someone from the FBI.”
“What!  Robert, are you sure?  You haven’t been getting any sleep lately and you’ve had a lot on your mind, don’t you think you are overreacting?
“It is very possible, but I don’t think so.  This would still involve one of your employees, but all they would be doing is allowing the FBI to get current information, maybe without knowing what was being done with it.  Given that I am here, they might think it was to keep an eye on me, I don’t think either of us has checked that.”
“True, but this just seems too…”
“Too far fetched, I agree, but I think this is all a diversion; a distraction if you wish, which I would say has been working.  Why else send people information on stealing items only to let them keep them?  It just doesn’t make sense.”
“No it doesn’t.  If what you say is true Robert, then what would we do about it, you are already going to be in trouble with the FBI for disobeying orders.”
“You have no idea Jeremy.  Look, forget what I’ve told you.  This is well over our heads and the more you get involved the more danger you will be in.  If what I am saying is true, then we are dealing with someone too involved in something to back out now, they won’t take kindly to anyone that is starting to figure it out.  Here is what I want you to do.  We are going to go back and you are going to arrest me.”
“What!”
“Hear me out.  You are going to arrest me for being involved with passing the inside information on to the robbers.  Listen, this will get the attention on me and it will also start an outside investigation of the police, which will require you to temporarily stand down, where you can stay home with your family.  We don’t want to under estimate out danger here.  This removes you from the picture for a while and gets whoever is doing this uncomfortable.
“I think I understand, but I’m not sure things will stand up.”
“No, not for long anyway, but maybe long enough for something to fall out.  Our target will have to adjust, and just maybe make a mistake.  And don’t worry about me, as you have already said, I’m already in trouble, at least I can try to take someone down with me.  Have you got this?”
“Yes, I’m still not sure you’re talking sense, but I’m going to trust you on this one.”
Robert and Jeremy turned and walked back to the gathering cops.  They approached the house and Robert acted before Jeremy could do anything, to save him some the trouble of explaining.
“Well looks like you got things wrapped up here; I’m going to head back to the office to see what we can do with this new information.”  Robert started to head to his car.
“Wait!”  A cop shouted, “You haven’t given your statement.”
“I will give it to you back at the office.”
“I’m afraid you have to give it here, proper procedure.”
“Look, I’m tired and if you haven’t noticed, I saved the day, so I’m entitled to a change in the proper procedure.”
Jeremy piped in:  “Hey, no need to shout Robert.  Why are you in such a hurry?  
“I’m not in a hurry, I’m just tired, and I need to think this through.”
Jeremy hardened his look.  “You are acting as if you have something to hide?  Now that I think about it your appearance here was convenient, trying to get away before we catch on?”
“Oh I see, now you think I’m in on all this!  Just had to drop by and make a call!”
“Careful Robert, you may want to save this for your lawyer.”
“I can’t believe this, I’ve been helping you for weeks and this is all you give me, blames?  I don’t think you know who you are dealing with!”
“Perhaps not, but I’m putting you under arrest all the same, just as a precaution.”  At this a few cops jumped on Robert and tried to get a hold of him.  Robert didn’t make it easy.
“Oh come on Jeremy, on what charges, what are you playing at?”
“On aiding in theft, I think you wanted to meet this thief with new information and when you were caught, were forced to become the hero and turn him over.”
At this Robert tried to struggle free and run, but was brought down hard.  As the cops put him into a car he stared at Jeremy with as much hate as he could show:  “You will regret this Jeremy, I would watch your back.  I would keep an eye on your family if you were wise.”
At this one of the cops shoved him in the car, bumping his head in the process (couldn’t blame him) and slammed the door.  The trip to the police headquarters wasn’t as easy as he thought; he had to keep up his act to convince the cop looking back at him.  Soon he found himself locked up in a cell and waiting for something to happen, whatever it would be.



11:  Clarification

Morning came none too quickly and Robert didn’t even attempt to sleep.  No one ever came to take his statement so this must be going higher up, but he was brought breakfast, which wasn’t much, but well accepted.  He was in the middle of eating, when he heard a voice he had almost expected at some point, but still cringed to hear.  Within a few minutes Guy appeared in front of him along with two younger agents he had seen around, but didn’t really know.  Guy looked more tired than ever and looked as if he would bore through the bars if he stared any longer at them.  He finally glanced at Robert, and stepped out of the way so the guard could unlock the cell.  He motioned the other agents away and stepped in, the door was shut behind him.  He walked over to the bed across from Robert (who was alone) and sat down very heavily.  It seemed ages before he spoke and made Robert jump when he did.
“I don’t understand.  I give you a second chance, a chance to redeem yourself, and I’m left with…with…ah what can I say Robert!  I’m speechless.  First you have Bartholomew Gatchet moved, using your position of all things, when you knew you didn’t have that authority, then you go and nearly attack the chief of police.”
“I didn’t attack him.”
“No you made a threat against him and his family.  Enough that the agency is keeping watch over them.  That doesn’t even include the charges against you.  Robert, if you were that tired and desperate you should have called, I could have gotten you leave again, yes it would have looked bad, but compared to this, compared to this you would have at least gotten a desk job.  Now you will likely end up in federal prison, even when you are proven innocent of the theft.  Yes, I don’t think one bit that you were in on all this, I’ve known you too long; that charge will fall out soon enough.  As for the overreaction with the cops and the whole mess with Gatchet, you aren’t going to get out of those, and I’m not helping you this time, I’m already under the gun as it is.  I was sent here to fetch you only because I caused this whole mess anyway.  I’m lucky they didn’t place me under arrest.”
Robert felt his resolve slip away.  The night hadn’t been good on his nerves; he had slowly been worn down from the silence and loneliness enough that his recent actions were being exposed as foolish and completely out of line.  With Guy’s reassurance that is was, his will finally gave out and his mind became so confused with what he had thought and done that he didn’t know what to say or do.  “I’m sorry sir, I…I don’t…have anything that could explain my actions.”
“You could start by telling me what you were thinking at the time, how in the world moving Gatchet could ever help you solve this theft issue.”
“I…I can’t, I’m so confused right now I don’t know what I was thinking, even if I did, putting it out on the table could only cause more problems.”
Guy stared at him hard, seemly trying to pry open his mind, but also trying to figure out what to do with this man who used to be his prize agent.  “Well, there isn’t much more to be done here then, we are taking you out by helicopter to an agency jet.  From there we are taking you to back to Virginia where you will be put in custody of the FBI and then you will answer all the questions they ask, and more than likely tell them all that is on your mind.  I can’t help you here, this place is already under lockdown and an investigation under way.”
“What is going to happen to Bart Gatchet?”
“Nothing thanks to you, since the family signed him over, we would have a bigger mess on our hands trying to reverse it, besides, the Gatchet’s deserve whatever we can give them.  I guess you did that right, though you are going to take all the heat for it.  Come on, were moving out.”
With that Guy got up and called to the guard and his two agents.  They escorted Robert out and up to the roof where there was a helicopter pad and a helicopter waiting for them.  They climbed in, took off, and headed for the airport.  They were nearing the airport when a call came in on the police radio.  They heard the co-pilot talking to the operator.  Guy walked up to the cockpit and asked what was up.
“It looks like someone has called in a murder sir; up in the mountains at the old SODM place.  Only a helicopter can get up there anymore, with the roads wiped out by years of storms and they are asking us if we can divert?”
“That is over where The Gatchet’s live is it not?”
“Yes sir, that is correct, I was around then; remember all that very well.”
“Go ahead and divert, seeing as your forces are limited here with the investigation and all, you might need our help.”
“Yes sir.”
The helicopter changed directions and picked up speed, heading for the mountains.  Robert had barely caught what was said, but Guy repeated it to his men that they were going to help out an investigation of a murder report.  He looked at Robert, Robert knew what he was thinking; this was too coincidental with Gatchet’s recent move.  Robert looked out the window, it was snowing,
“Sir!” the co-pilot called back.
“What is it?”
“Looks like we are hitting a storm here, visibility is going to get low.”
“Can you still land?”
“Should be able to, but I don’t know for how long.”
With that the pilot sped up, trying to get the helicopter down before the storm picked up.  In 10 minutes time they were circling a mountain side, Robert could just make out a squat building in the snow and darkening sky.  His mind raced back to old memories, memories that were not ones he cared to remember, especially now.  He had a cold feeling going up his spine and he couldn’t seem to get his mind clear.  Why was he here, of all places, why here?  The helicopter landed in the clearing in front of the building, the storm was picking up.
“Sir!” the co-pilot called back again.  “We just got a call from a nursing home in the area saying Bartholomew Gatchet has gone missing!  I didn’t even realize he was up here.”
Guy’s faced grew grave, his thoughts seemed confirmed, he looked at Robert.  “Looks like we are going to need your help on this one Robert, I’m going to leave you and John here to investigate while we head over to the nursing home, there isn’t much choice, I don’t want you around the family if they are there, you’ve caused enough trouble.”
To Robert’s amazement Guy handed him a gun, “You may need this, but I hope not, good luck.”
Robert’s mind was numb as he hopped down from the helicopter, ducking low instinctively due to the still spinning blades.  The other agent grabbed a survival kit from the inside of the helicopter and got down next to him; the helicopter started to lift.    The agent handed Robert a flashlight, who was gazing ahead at the small concrete building in front of him, lit up by the helicopter’s flood lights.  Dread crept over Robert as he stared at the building, at least he didn’t have to face it alone and John was with him.  Before Robert knew what had happened the agent next to him was lifted from the ground and pulled up into the darkness.  The light and noise of the helicopter were blocked out by the storm in a matter of seconds, and Robert was left standing in the dark, in the middle of a blizzard, and in the worst place he could ever imagine.

He stood there dumbfounded, not able to comprehend what had just happened to the other agent; why he was even here.  He stood there in the dark, snow swirling around him, the wind loud in his ears.  He stared into the dark in front of him, where he knew the derelict building stood.  He didn’t know what to do, he just stood there shivering, wearing only a light jacket.  His mind slowly started to think about what had just happened; the helicopter ride, the diversion, and being left here alone with nothing.  He realized he had a gun in one hand and a turned off flashlight in the other.  He clicked it on.  The light only lit a small area in front of him, revealing only snow falling to the ground.  He was standing in a foot already.  The light seemed to rekindle his mind; a trace of understanding came to him.  He couldn’t quite nail it down, but he knew that he had to get out of the snow and think, and there was only one place to go.
His feet seemed heavy, but he made them move, and made his way to the place he’d rather not be.  The small concrete building materialized in front of him, he stood facing the gaping doorway; the door had long since been ripped from its hinges.  He took a deep breath and walked in.  He shown his flashlight around, gun at the ready, the place was empty.  He walked over to the desk and sat down on it, facing the doorway and the howling wind.  Snow was blowing in.  He sat and thought for what seemed like a half hour.  Had this been the event he had set loose, is that why he was here?  More pieces started to fall into place, he had sprung a trap and fell right into it and his time was limited.  
A cold feeling came over him and dread crept up in his stomach, yet for some reason his mind stayed clear.  He had sprung a trap, but he was still here, still alive, he was being given time, time for what.  He thought back to his breakdown, his prayer.  A few weeks ago it seemed his prayer had been answered, but only to bring him back down, but he couldn’t help knowing that this was all connected and he had not just stumbled here, he was meant to be here.  His logic fought back, he wasn’t going to believe these thoughts of destiny was he?  He watched the snow blowing in, watched their patterns, and suddenly remembered all he had been taught.  God was sovereign, he was in control.  Each of these flakes was unique and fell exactly where it was supposed to, so had he.  He was here with time, which was limited, what would he do with it?  He looked around, he didn’t know if his death was upon him, but he didn’t have to wait for what he knew was coming.  He felt the desk under him, and then remembered James; he was here once as well, stuck, waiting for the inevitable, what had he thought at the time.  Was he as crazy as they said?
Suddenly Robert had an urge to search the desk, what if James had feigned some of it, what if he knew something.  If Robert’s thoughts were on track, then surely someone had noticed what went on here, something that needed covering up.  He moved around the desk.  The drawers had all been taken; even the electrical panel next to the desk had been ripped from the wall.  His eye came upon the mouth of a pole mounted vertically to the wall right under the electrical panel; frayed wires were hanging out of it.  It disappeared down along the side of the desk that was up against the wall.  He shown his light down under the desk, where the bottom drawer had been, and there he found something.  The cables came out of the pole and fed into the concrete, an area about a foot by a foot, had been cut out at some point in time, probably to feed the wires out under the building to an outside generator.  He got down on his knees and looked closer; the block looked as if it had been removed at some point in time.  He didn’t have anything to pry it up so he felt along the bottom of the desk frame, hoping to find something; he did, he found a small pocket knife held there by a strip of Velcro.  He tore it off, opened it and started to pry up the block.  At first it didn’t budge, there was a lot of dirt down in the cracks, and then it started to move, in a few minutes he had it out and stuck his hand in the hole under it.  He felt some objects and started pulling them out.
The first object was a couple letters; one labeled to “whomever” and the other to “My Dear Wife.”  Robert opened the “whomever” letter and started to read the scribbled handwriting by his flashlight.

I am writing this to anyone that can find it and make use of it.  I am James Ferguson; I have been a guard here from the start, the only one.  The others have all been replaced at some point in time.  The latest batch has brought someone I believe is of interest, his name is Jerry Dart.  He replaced Gatchet nearly a year ago, so he is running the place.  The reason I bring him up is lately he has taken to torturing the prisoners, at least that is what I think; he makes us leave the building.  Everyone else seems to like him because not much fazes him, I’ve never even seem him flinch at Frennur.  He even gets in staring matches.  A week ago I was allowed to go home for a weekend as I hadn’t had leave for over a year, while I was gone I managed to get some of my mind back.  Before that I couldn’t think clearly, having to face Frennur every day.  He seems to have taken more of an interest in me lately, maybe because I’ve lasted the longest here.  I feel I’m finally starting to crack.  I’ve even taken to drinking again (past problem), as you may have found out from my stash.  Anyway, I went home, found myself again, but I wasn’t the same, I couldn’t sleep and I couldn’t stop thinking of Frennur.  During my sleepless nights I recalled once seeing Jerry talking to Frennur, I couldn’t hear, but something about both of them seemed odd to me, as if this wasn’t the usual conversation or part of our interrogation.  I believed at the time that Jerry was up to something, rumor was flying around that the place was going to close down.  I know now he is up to something while writing this letter.  You see, I believe that Jerry has enjoyed himself here, enjoyed himself too much.  At first he seemed an okay guy, but it didn’t take long before I realized he enjoyed this.  Now that I think about it, he seems to enjoy this as much as Frennur (don’t be fooled, Frennur found this more amusing than our tapes let on, we also don’t record everything since Jerry got here, another worry).  Back to my leave where these thoughts hit me hard; I was breaking down.  I grabbed some supplies before coming back.  Some alcohol (the other’s wouldn’t share anymore), a small audio tape recorder, and small amount of explosive, enough to at least cave in the place (I know a friend).  My goal at the time was to sneak these things in, record one of Jerry’s sessions (when he kicks us out), and then blow the place up.  I did the first two, I had already found this stow away place while sitting at this desk, but the final I can’t do, you see, today we are leaving, I’ve just heard.  Jerry has been keeping more of an eye on me these days so I can’t get to the explosives and now that I have come to it, I can’t bring myself to do it.  I know my end is near, I can see it in Frennur’s eyes, he and Jerry have planned something, I know this.  I haven’t been able to listen to the recording, but I hope it holds some useful information and I hope this letter reaches someone.  If it does please hand the other letter to my wife, it is my last good bye to her and my family.  I hope it gives them some comfort if I die; I’m not quite as crazy as I let them know here.

Robert finished the letter and looked at the rest of the items he had pulled out.  First he found a gun wrapped in a water tight bag, then a tape recorder (also bagged), a small bottle of gin, a wrapped up package (most likely the explosive), and finally a bag containing a crude trigger for the explosive.  He examined the trigger; it was just a fuse leading to the detonator and a lighter.
The letter confirmed his thoughts, something had been going on here, and everything pointed to this Jerry Dart James referred too.  Who was he, was he behind all this and if he was, why?  He suddenly remembered where he was and that time was running out.  He looked at his newfound supplies.  He put the letters, the wrapped tape recorder, and the gin in his coat pockets, then pulled the gun out of the plastic bag.  James hadn’t said anything about a gun, he looked it over and the last piece of the puzzle clicked into place.  He had stumbled upon the biggest case since Trent Frennur and now had it all figured out; now there was only one thing left to do.
He was going to finish what James had planned.  He put the gun in his pants and pulled out the explosive and stuck it to the wall joining the prisoners’ hallway and the room he was in.  He pushed the detonator in and lit the short fuse.  He ran out into the snow storm and ran into the trees next to the building.  He heard a loud crash and saw a brief flame of light.  After a few more seconds he ventured out into the clearing.  He used his flashlight to examine the rubble, he had caved in the middle of the building; the rest still stood, but barely resembled the original structure.  Time was running short and he still had one more place to visit.
Robert made his way to the second location from his memories and arrived there in five minutes, frozen, but alert.  He approached the old tree stump.  He could hear a howling as the wind wounds its way through the holes therein.  He started walking around the area, searching for something.  He came up to a ledge and noticed a tree growing out over it.  He held onto the tree and looked down and saw something.  He lay down on his belly with his head and arms hanging over the cliff, he couldn’t tell how high it was.  He shone his flashlight down on the rock right below him; he saw the trees roots growing down the cliff face and noticed that there was a cave like hole behind them.  He put the flashlight in his pocket, grabbed onto the tree and swung his body out over the cliff edge.  He pushed his feet through roots covering the hole and slid in.  He had to use some of the roots to get his whole body in.  He wormed his way in a few feet, and then the tunnel opened up to where he could crouch.  He waddled in farther, taking the flashlight in one hand.  He went about 10 feet before taking a sharp right turn, and coming out into an open area where he could stand up all the way, though his hair brushed up against a dirt roof.  He shown the light around and found he was in a small cave, carved out by the tree roots and what looked to be a small spring coming out of the wall on the far end, which trickled down onto a bunch of tree roots coming out of the wall.  Robert walked over to them and heard the wind howling above him and even felt a few flakes land on his face.  He was under the old tree trunk.  He examined more of the space.  Facing away from the roots he found an opening to his right, which looked like it had been carved out.  He walked over and peered in, it was only about ten by ten feet.  He found some worn blankets in there and some old foliage, a bedroom it would appear.  He backed out and walked over to the tree roots again.  He found a pile of old ashes on the ground where a fire had been lit, using the tree system as a chimney.  He sifted through the ashes with his flashlight and came across a metal object.  It was burnt, deformed and no longer readable, but Robert knew it was a cop’s badge.  
His thoughts were confirmed, and though he expected himself to panic, for some reason he was coping with this news.  He felt calm, calm before the storm.  He knew what was coming and yet didn’t run, he had to face this, and it was time to end it, to put it to rest.  He put the badge in his pants pocket and took out the bottle of gin.  He scooped the ashes out and found a hole that had been dug for the fires.  He doused the tree roots with the gin and it ran down into the hole on the ground; he then tossed the bottle aside and pulled out the lighter.  He crouched down next to the puddle of gin, pulled out the gun James had hid instead of the one given him (he somehow felt safer with it), and turned off his flashlight.
Robert waited for what seemed an eternity, straining to hear any noises over the low howling of the wind above him in the tree roots.  The longer he waited, the more his insides started to twist, knowing what was about to happen.  Yet his mind stayed clear, he was focused on what he had to do, and that was to end this.
He heard a small noise; could have been anything, but he knew it was time.  He lit the lighter and placed it down in the pool of alcohol.  Flames leapt up, lighting the cave.  A body flew out of the opening into the cave and the flames revealed a man; dressed warmly, well taken care of, but showing signs of impatience.  For a split second, Robert saw Trent Frennur’s eyes.  They showed hunger, hunger to kill; to have a victim worth his while.  Trent set his feet and lunged at Robert; Robert raised his gun and pulled the trigger, sending forth a flash of light and a deafening sound.
Robert’s ears finally quit ringing.  The cave was starting to fill with smoke, the fire catching on quickly.  Robert shook the dirt out of his hair which had fallen from the gun’s shock wave.  He looked down at Frennur’s body, how many shots had he fired?  He wasn’t sure, but his first had hit its mark right through his head.  He bent down and pulled a knife out of Trent’s hand, which didn’t have a glove on, and using the reversed bag the recorder had been in, he wrapped it up and put it in his inside coat pocket.  He took off Trent’s coat which had already picked up some blood and put it on; he was going to need it.  He walked over to the tunnel and left without looking back, the flames burned on.  He crawled out and lifted himself back on top of the ledge and set off for the third and final spot from his childhood.  As he walked away he felt a slight tremor under his feet and heard a faint sound of collapse.  He walked on and felt a weight lift from him, one he hadn’t noticed till now.  His mind was clear and empty, his stomach had left its turns behind; it was all over.



12:  Explanations

The morning came with the sun blazing in a deep blue sky, eager to reveal the night’s events.  Foremost in these events consisted of a group of four men standing in three feet of snow on top of a mountain.  The group has nothing in particular to say for they were too busy contemplating a caved in pile of rubble in front of them.
Guy sighed scratching his head, things always had to be complicated, he wasn’t sure if he could take anymore of this.  He looked at the other three men and saw the same confused expression on their faces that he felt.  At least his other agent and the helicopter pilot had seen them drop off Robert and John the night before, but this local policeman was sure to all the more confused, he wasn’t exactly keeping up with all the information they were trying to give him.  The other pilot had stayed with the helicopter to keep an eye on it, lucky him.  The policeman looked at Guy with the same confused, questioning face he had held all through the night into this morning.  Guy turned away; this dim wit would have to wait.  He scanned the area surrounding the caved in building.  What had happened here?  They had left two men here last night, with building intact, and gone on to find Gatchet.  Gatchet they didn’t find only a missing snowmobile and hours old snowmobile tracks leading up into the mountains.  
Suddenly Guy spotted a thin wisp of smoke curling up from a group of trees off to his right.  He pointed it out to the others and set off towards it, the crunching of the snow behind him telling him the others were following.  As they neared the forest Guy pulled out his gun and clicked the safety off.  He ignored the others’ confused looks and finally following suit; he for one had had enough surprises and wasn’t going to be caught off guard.  He led the group through the trees until they caught sight of a small clearing.  They approached it slowly until they reached the edge.  There they saw two men huddled by a small, but newly blazing fire.  The men were slouched over with hoods over their faces.  The two were facing the group of men, with their backs to a mound of snow that seemed roughly the shape of a snow mobile.
“Good morning gentlemen, if it is indeed good.”
All the guns turned on the hooded figure on the right, who had just spoken to them.  Throwing his hood back Robert looked up at them with tired, but alert eyes.
“Come men, sit down I can see there is much to be explained.”
“First we ask you to relinquish any weapons you have and reveal your friend there.  Is that you John?”
“Come Guy, you leave me here with a gun and another agent to search the area, only to return suspecting us of something?  Fine, here is my gun, of little use it has been.”
Robert tossed the gun Guy had given him the night before at the pilot, who picked it up and looked it over.
“As for my friend here, he is sleeping still and in no condition for friendly conversation, but I think you will understand in due time, come sit, here are my hands and his, we have no weapons.”
“Robert, you are in no position to request anything of us!  Now get your friend up and follow us.”
“Or else what sir, you will shoot us?  Arrest us maybe?  Go ahead, but we’re the ones that had to spend the night up here, in a blizzard I might add, and seeing as no one knows what has happened, if anything, I figured we might as well sit and go over our respective stories, I have nothing to hide, but I do have some things to tell.”
Guy stood there and mulled this over.  He didn’t like this at all, but he noticed the others wanted to hear Robert’s request, which meant he was alone in wanting to leave, so he motioned them all to sit, but stayed standing himself.
“Come friends, I will start with this man’s introduction.  I expect three of you may think he is agent John, but he isn’t I’m sad to say.  For our officer’s sake I will only say that John and I were dropped off here last night to look into a suspected murder.  The rest were called off to town as a report came in that Bartholomew Gatchet escaped his new home, new as he was moved there yesterday for family reasons.  The only guess I can make for poor John is that he somehow got caught on the helicopter, as he was lifted off into the darkness with it, and I was left alone and confused, seeking shelter in the old museum building.  This man is one I stumbled into later in the night, to my interest and yours, but not to my surprise.  This man is Bart Gatchet, whom you were looking for.”
Robert pulled the hood back from the silent figure revealing an aged man who at the moment was asleep.  He woke to the cold air reaching his face and looked around.  He scanned his surroundings almost as if he didn’t see any of them, but he was looking for something, whatever it was.  He began to mutter to himself and rock back and forth.

“Mr. Branding, before you pull that trigger you may want to have a look at this.”

Robert reached into a small pocket of his coat and pulled out a tape recorder, holding it up in one hand.  The other three men turned quickly around to see Guy standing behind them with his gun trained on Robert, caught in a moment of awkwardness.  He recovered quickly and aimed his gun instead at his other agent while pulling another gun from behind his back to aim at the policeman.  A gunshot rang out and Guy fell backwards into the snow.  The three men, too shocked to even pull out their own guns stared from the fallen body back to Robert, who was holding a Colt 1911 in one of his hands.  He dropped the clip out and tossed the gun to the silent group of men.
“Sorry gentlemen, I was afraid that was going to happen sooner rather than later.  There is the gun, I mean you know harm, but Guy Branding sure did and I will tell you why.  He is behind all that has happened since I was first sent to Colorado Springs to the events of last night.  He wanted me dead and out of the way, because I was stumbling onto something big.  He left me here last night to have me killed by none other than Trent Frennur (no one else seemed to notice, but Robert felt Bart flinch next to him at the name).  I know it sounds crazy, and to help you understand I need to go back a few months to a case I was on.  
While on that case I had a seizure of sorts which put me out of commission and forced the FBI to consider releasing me.  During that time I came upon Trent Frennur’s case files (Bart flinched again).  Growing up my parents had brought me to this museum on numerous occasions, so I had an interest in the figure already.  I began to dig through the case and Guy found out.  Though I was going through it to relieve my restlessness and cope with my breakdown I was having, Guy nonetheless felt I was intruding on something he was hiding.  I didn’t know this at the time however and just thought he was mad that I had taken company property, which is a reasonable thing to be angry about.  In a gesture I took as help to my plight, Guy managed to convince the FBI to keep me on and assign me to a less strenuous case, one that involved a wholesale theft problem in Colorado Springs that the local police were at their wits end to fix.  So there I went to help figure out what was going on.  I could get no further than the police.  I tried every angle and every method possible to figure out how all this theft was going on without any traces left behind and I couldn’t.  It drove me nearly to insanity, which I have found out is exactly what Guy wanted.  He was afraid I would catch on to his plans, so he was going to discredit me completely to the point no one would believe anything I had to say, and it would have worked, except I was distracted by the escape of Bartholomew Gatchet, who resided in a mental hospital in the area.”
At the mention of his name Bart looked up and seemed to notice the men for the first time.  He muttered a few things they couldn’t understand and then resumed his rocking.  Robert stared at him for a moment then resumed.
 “Gatchet was blamed for a murder of a local man which I found suspicious, though with no reason or proof to back it up.  On some crazy whim I visited Mrs. Gatchet up here in the mountains and told her of my plan to move him, thinking at the time that he was being used and it would remove him as the fall guy.  She thought I was crazy and refused, but changed her mind for personal reasons.  So we had him moved the next day without notifying anyone.  Coming from arranging all that I stumbled upon a thief in the act of robbing a home; upon tackling him I found I had stumbled right into the problem I had been attempting to solve this whole time.  I also found from this thief that the whole mess didn’t make sense and at that moment realized I had been sent on a rabbit trail.  I convinced the chief of police to arrest me for master minding the theft thinking that would cause a sense of urgency in whoever was really leading the effort, and maybe force them into making a mistake.  That is how I ended up on this mountain and how I realized Trent Frennur was still alive and coming for me.
I admit some confusion when Guy picked me up and then on the way to the airport redirected our helicopter here to check on a murder report.  Once the helicopter and John had left and I had sought shelter I began to realize that Guy was behind the theft and I had forced him to make a move, he was going to kill me, why else was I left alone.  I knew he himself didn’t have the time nor maybe the will to kill me, and I didn’t believe for one second that Bart here was a murderer, so that left me with only one man, one that Guy had caught me studying, Trent Frennur.  As a child I always felt that the stories never seemed to add up, why a crazed guard named James Ferguson would free Frennur only for both of them to fall to their deaths, so I believed at that moment that he indeed still lived; which brought me to how exactly did he escape and how Guy tied into it all.  Some else had to have freed Frennur, was it Guy perhaps.  If that was so then poor James Ferguson was either a person Trent desired to kill, or he knew something, my guess is both.
Having come to this conclusion I decided to search for clues in the building to see if James had left anything to suggest he knew something was awry.  I knew all clues must have been scraped from the place, but at that moment I felt I had been led to a purpose, that all my blundering was not from mere coincidence and luck.  Indeed I felt I was led to all that has happened, for I found a storage place where the electrical wiring went through the floor under the desk and out from under the building.  There I pried up a concrete brick and found articles left by James himself.  I pulled out a letter and tape recorder which I have here,” he handed the article over for inspection, “along with that gun, a bottle of Gin, and a crude explosive.  The letter explains all these articles except the gun.  The gun I figured out myself because I remembered a moment with Guy Branding where he mentioned at one time owning an original Colt 1911, but had lost it long ago.  Between the gun and the letter I realized that Guy was in fact the Jerry Dart mentioned there and after the closing of the place had had his named changed and history erased.  It seems that Guy, or Jerry if you prefer, delved too far into Trent’s mind and found he enjoyed it.  Maybe he enjoyed hearing about the murders, the gory details, but I also believe it all tied into the fact that Trent Frennur, for whatever reason, allowed Guy to have some form of power over him.  Trent knew Guy could free him, get him out of that place and he was willing to do anything to do so, even abide by Guy’s rules.  
You will find that James used the tape recorder to capture a conversation which reveals the details of how Guy would free Trent, allow him to take James whom they suspected of knowing something, then quietly wait until all history and anyone who knew of it has passed beyond knowledge.  Guy knew he would get his named changed and knew only one man would have that job of assigning, so once that man passed away Guy had nothing to tie him to Frennur.  In return for freeing him Trent was to help Guy by killing off whoever was in Guy’s way to make it to the top of the FBI.  Guy had it all worked out.
Now going back to last night, where I hadn’t listened to the tape recording yet, only read the letter; I realized that my time was running out.  I had gotten in Guy’s way and when I hadn’t gone crazy, he had no options but to kill me.  Due to all I did in Colorado Springs the FBI was beginning a large and thorough investigation into everything, they were bound to turn over a few stones.  Guy had one last chance to remove me from the picture and side track the investigation, and it seemed my moving Bart Gatchet up here played right into his plan, Gatchet would once again take the blame for murder.  Knowing this I decided to throw Frennur off when he arrived, first by blowing up the building as James had intended to do, then to find Trent’s hideout, which I knew existed now under the whispering roots up here on the mountain.  There I found what I believe to be James’ old badge, proving his death, and there I waited for Frennur to come.
Now Guy knew I had training, so he hoped in my confusion, whether I knew anything or not, that I wouldn’t notice the gun he gave me had blanks in it.  I didn’t, but for reasons beyond my skill I chose James’ gun over the one Guy gave me, it seemed fitting.  So when Trent came into that cave, ready for blood, I was ready, and Trent Frennur finally met the end believed of him.  I did not want to risk anyone removing the body which was precious evidence, so I set the place on fire with the Gin and caved in the place on top of the body.  After that I intended to make my way here, and on the way stumbled into this snow mobile, finding Gatchet strapped to a sled behind it, and that brought us to where you find us.
Through the night I have thought this over and realized that Guy was close to achieving his goal.  I threw the first wrench in his plans when I took Frennur’s file, but I also provided him with the way out by having a breakdown.  He could discredit me easily enough.  He must have already had the wholesale theft organization in place to cover up any random murders by Trent who resided in the area.  When I was in Colorado Springs the chief of police mentioned rumors of illegal citizens getting murdered, but the few times they tried look into it they came up with nothing, so they dropped it.  Guy used the theft to keep them busy and keep them from thinking there were more than rumors to the murders.  By sending me there Guy was sure he could outwit me in my condition.  When I worsened he would take a little blame from the FBI, but no more than a minor setback compare to what I could have dug up.
Then came the second wrench, Trent Frennur murdered someone in the suburbs that caught public attention.  The two thought quickly and managed to spring Gatchet from his ward and that distracted the police thinking he had done it all in a crazed moment.  Then as you already know I threw the third wrench when I moved Gatchet and took the blame for the theft.  Though I gave Guy and Trent their last chance to clean things up, I had caught on by then, and by God’s grace, and the smarts of James Ferguson to hide what he had found, I came through and we sit here in conclusion.”
The three men stared at him, still taking in the details and re-reading the letter and listening to the tape recorder.  Even the policeman seemed to be catching on, though he still looked out of his league.  Robert waited for questions he figured would come, but instead he got something more surprising; Bartholomew Gatchet said his first intelligible words in a long time.
“Poor James, I never knew what happened.  He was a good boy, he held his wits around him and stayed strong when we all felt week, poor boy.  He had a nice family.”
Robert saw tears drip from the mains chin into the snow and realized this man had heard and comprehended everything they had said.  Maybe Gatchet had spent all these years still trying to solve something that had long passed him up and only now realized he was free of it all.  They all sat there in silence thinking of Bart’s words and the sad demise of James Ferguson until the silence was finally broken by the sound of approaching helicopters.
“It appears our other pilot had the good sense to call in reinforcements after hearing the gun shots.  I recommend we stay here and wait for them to come, no need to call more attention to ourselves.  They all murmured agreement and listened as the aircraft flew over and settled in the field beyond the woods.  It didn’t seem long before they heard feet crunching through snow all around them.
“Nobody move, we have you surrounded!”
Robert spoke; “come gentlemen, we will relinquish our weapons and give no resistance.”  He held up his empty hands and everyone but Gatchet followed suit.
A group of men approached and removed all the weapons and searched the men, including the dead body of Guy.  One of the men finally called out to the woods where more men stood covering the area.
“Sir, we have secured the area and checked for weapons.”
Someone important looking stepped out into the clearing and looked over the scene quietly.  Robert recognized him as one of the top FBI officials.  The man finally came up to them and looked at the younger agent.
“Agent Matthew, please explain the state of Mr. Branding.”
“Sir, Mr. Branding pulled his guns on us and Mr. Robert Drake here shot him before he could kill any of us.  I believe Robert should explain sir.”
The man looked at Matthew then Robert.  His gaze shifted to Bartholomew Gatchet and then back to Robert again.  “Very well, you three my go, but you will be required to give a statement and stick around the area to help out where needed.  I will meet with each of you in turn after I am done here.”
Agent Matthew got up and motioned the pilot and policeman to follow.  As he passed the man he handed over everything Robert had found and given to them.  After they had left the FBI official took one of their seats and looked at Robert.
“Mr. Drake, I have to say you surprise me further.  I was sad to see you go down on the Marson case and all the subsequent events that followed, but it doesn’t excuse the mess you left in Colorado Springs, nor your actions there.  I had to come personally to oversee the cleanup and the ongoing investigation, but before I make any further accusations, I see I need to hear what you have to say, so please begin, I am all ears.”
Robert told him everything he had already said and more.  He left no information out this time, including what actually happened on the Marson case, the dream he had, and the files on Frennur he had taken.  He answered all the questions asked of him until the man seemed satisfied.  Gatchet sat there and seemed to listen as well.  When all was said the official nodded to him and stood.
“Very good Mr. Drake, I appreciate the full honesty you have just shown.  I am going to verify everything you have said with the evidence and with the other men.  I do believe you, but I have been told not to leave any stone unturned, so I am required to check everything.  Some of our men here will escort Mr. Gatchet to a helicopter and take him to his home, the new one you have found him.  I want you to show the others where this cave of yours is, we will need to dig up the body for evidence.  After that we will see where we and what we will do next.”
The man turned and set off back through the woods.  A few men came and took Bart gently away while a few others removed Guy’s dead body.  Robert led the others to the cave and helped mark off where to dig.
By midday the place was buzzing; digging crews were working on the cave and others were inspecting the building and evidence that Robert had acquired.  Robert was told that he was to report back to headquarters where he would be debriefed properly.  He got into the police helicopter that had brought him as they were finally released and had to get back to Colorado Springs.  They were to take him to the airport, but Robert made a plea for them to make one stop first.  After he explained they agreed to his plea and took off and flew into the closest town, landing on a front lawn.  The front door was pulled open by the time he got out of the helicopter.  He walked up to the front door where a girl stood; she looked to be about his own age.
“Is Mrs. Ferguson home?”
“Yes, let me get her.”
“I don’t wish to be rude, but I prefer to come in, I have something important for her.”
She let him in, not sure what to think, but seeing the badge he held out to her.  She led him into the kitchen where Robert found Mrs. Ferguson standing, waiting for something to happen; she had heard the helicopter land of course.
“Mrs. Ferguson, I’m sorry to intrude, my name is Robert Drake from the FBI and I have a letter for you.  I’m afraid I can’t give you the details, but I have just come from the mountains where your husband used to work, I have found a letter from him for you among some other items he had left, of which are now in the property of the FBI.  I should have given this over as well, but I don’t believe it to be theirs, you husband specifically asked me to give this to you in the other letter he had written, which is also evidence.”
“I’m afraid I don’t understand.”
“I know, I’m sorry, all I can say is I ran into an old enemy of his, who is now gone for real this time.  I wanted to make sure you got this letter, it is your right as his wife.”
He handed her the letter and turned to leave.
“Please, stay until I have read it.”
“If you wish it.”
She opened the letter and read, tears springing from her eyes.  She finished it and hugged Robert, who hadn’t quite expected this.
“Thank you; I’ve wondered for so long how he passed, if he had passed.  I never did believe he was crazy, though he was confused, but it’s hard hearing it all the same.  May I ask how exactly he died?”
“Mrs. Ferguson, he was captured by Trent Frennur, of that I cannot say more, and do not wish to.”
“I understand.”
“Let’s be happy in that your husband died in his own mind and possessing every bit of love and faith he could contain.  I’m afraid I must be going, this stop was not in my orders.”
Mrs. Ferguson nodded and went and sat down in the closest chair.  Robert turned and walked out of the house.  As he walked down the walkway, he felt a hand timidly grab his arm.
Robert turned and came face to face with Miss Ferguson.
“How can I help you Miss Ferguson?”
“Please, call me Abigail.  Thank you, I haven’t seen my mom this full of joy in a long time.  Weird isn’t it, being joyful at a time like this and with all that crying?”
“Abigail, you will find that the times that make you the most joyful don’t always fulfill the desires you have in life.  The times you find yourself most joyful aren’t always full of happiness either.  No, you are joyful when you realize your needs have been met, and when you see God’s will for your life is in your best interest.  Then you change your desire to be for His will and not yours and you are content for once.”
“Are you content Mr. Drake?”
The question took him back a little.  He thought for a moment:  “Yes, I am content.  I have memories I will live with the rest of my life, and my worries are not over yet, but I have found something that was long lost, and that is what makes me content no matter what happens from here on out.”
“What is that?”
“The faith the God has placed in me.”
Robert gazed at her for moment, she seemed to be pondering something; then asked him one more question:  “Robert Drake, would you be willing to stop by for dinner sometime, if you are in the area that is.  It would make my mom very happy I think.”
“Would it make Abigail happy?”
“Yes, it would,” she added blushing.
“Then I accept, as soon as I get a chance I will be out; until we meet again.”
She gave him a quick hug and ran back into the house.  Robert shook his head and walked back to the helicopter and got in.  The pilots were both grinning at they took off and headed to the airport.



13:  The Rocky Times

“Frennur Whispers Again”
By:  George Smithens

“Holy Whispering Roots Batman!”  We here remember the event that both put our town on the map, and took it off.  We successfully turned a failed government program into a national memorial, complete with derelict building and whispering tree stump, but it also proved our ruin as eventually the rumor became dull and the story became old.  Children were no longer scared to go up at night and listen for Trent Frennur’s voice and instead used the place as a hangout for causing mischief, not that I need to remind anyone.  Well rumor has made it down the mountain that the FBI is currently cleaning up an operation at our very own SODM.  Last night brought the surprise of Bartholomew Gatchet’s escape, which no one knew he had been moved up here in the first place.  This was proven true this morning.  To make this news more shocking it has been leaked that none other than Trent Frennur has been shot and killed on the site of SODM.  Rumor has it that a young FBI agent tracked him down to a secret hideout under the “whispering roots” and heroically entered and finally put to rest the biggest mystery of our time.  We currently believe that Gatchet is not part of this event and was used as a ploy to throw off our young hero, whose first name we believe to be Robert, but only time will tell.  Be sure to follow closely for further reports on our radio program later this afternoon.  Whether this all proves to be true or not, one thing is for sure, we are back on the map with “Robert the Brave” and his masterful slaying of Trent Frennur leading the way.  Soon we will have people crowding our town once again eagerly awaiting the tour of the SODM building (or what remains) and hearing Frennur’s fanatic whisperings (I told you they were real all along, remember that).



14:  The Asphyxiated Press

“FBI Stirs up Hornet’s Nest in Colorado”
By:  Joel Willingsworth

It would appear the FBI stepped in to help Colorado Springs with some major wholesale theft problem, only to stir up a hornet’s nest.  We managed to get a hold of some information about a young troubled FBI agent named Robert Drake who was assigned this less strenuous task after a mental breakdown on his last assignment that ended up almost killing a fellow cop.  Robert apparently couldn’t handle this one as well as he lost his head from lack of leads on the theft and somehow managed to release Bartholomew Gatchet and move him back to his home town in the mountains.  For those who don’t remember, Gatchet was tied to the Trent Frennur case and part of that experiment gone wrong led by the FBI, who seems to be having difficulty these days controlling their employees.  Well for Robert his insanity at the moment seems to be working for him, as there is rumor from up in the mountains claiming he has found Trent Frennur and finally killed him.  Meanwhile back in Colorado Springs he leaves his traditional mess where he has confessed to be the master mind behind all the theft and even threatened their local police chief and his family, only adding to their troubles as the city has all but given up on the chief’s ability to handle the theft, much more the city’s other woes.  Rumor has it that this chief, Jeremy Butler, has also been covering up local murders involving illegal immigrants.  The next mayor is running his campaign with a promise to replace Butler and put someone more capable of running the city’s police.  Our reporter asked him what he thought of the events surrounding Robert Drake and we quote him as saying:  “I don’t mean to say anything of our Federal agents who we all know work hard to keep our country safe, but I believe they have laid an egg in Mr. Drake and I don’t buy this rumor at all nor will I think the FBI.  I remember the case of Trent Frennur and we have all evidence on our side to say that he died years ago and left us finally in peace.”
Colorado Spring’s hopeful mayor may not want to call the FBI out on their track record of retaining mentally ill agents, but we do.  This has happened too often in the last decade and they continue to side track the issue and cover over their mistakes, as we saw in the closing of SODM.  Perhaps this time they will have taken more than they can chew and we will see their nose less often in our doorways.  As for Robert Drake and Jeremy Butler, their careers are washed up and they will only stand as examples of how the FBI and local police forces needs much reforming.



15:  Rising Above, Falling Below

Jeremy walked into work and despite the urge to head straight for his office and avoid eye contact; he made an emphasis to look each employee he passed in the eye and start up some conversations.  He had been under review by the FBI for the last two weeks and was therefore not allowed to come in to work or leave his home without prior request.  It had been a long two weeks and he had been reduced to reading about all the rumors flying around until his wife saw the depression setting in and cancelled their newspaper and stole the cable modem to the computer.  He had been a little irritated, but finally saw the wisdom in the move.  The rest of the time had gone better as he and his family got out all the dusty old board games that had not been touched for years.  The FBI finally finished their investigation and the next day they were gone with few words, mostly informing him he could resume his normal life.  Normal was hardly how he would describe it.  Although his co-workers talked to him, he could tell that the rumors and gossip had settled in a little.  He had those who backed him up one hundred percent, but he knew it was only a matter of time before they too were overwhelmed.  He already knew one of the candidates for mayor hated him, and the other guy had never said much in passing.  He didn’t see himself holding onto his position.
Jeremy finally reached his office and sat down, staring at the desk that was emptier than he expected.  His temporary replacement already was settling in, yet another sign of things to come.  He sighed.  He had spent the last week wondering how in the world Robert Drake had helped him in any of this.  He had said his life and family could be in danger, yet here he was anyway, with his job, reputation, and possibly career on the line, and that didn’t help his family much either.  He found this the hardest pill to swallow as he had no choice in the end but to trust God and know that He knew what was best.  He had heard the rumors about Robert and the death of Trent Frennur and he still didn’t know what to believe about it.  He hated the Asphyxiated Press, but he found himself wondering if they were right, about Robert anyway.  Robert was struggling when he came here and it never seemed to let up, but then there was something about him that didn’t quite add up to insanity.  He sighed again and looked around his office and was startled by a man sitting in the corner.
“Sorry to startle you Mr. Butler, but I came in early to avoid as much notice as possible and your office presented as best a place as any.  I meant to alert you when you came in, but you appeared deep in thought and I have made it a practice to not disturb anyone as such, it keeps you from reaching your conclusion and only prolongs the internal argument.”
“I understand, I think, how can I help you?”
“I’m here on behalf of the FBI with a proposition, an offer.  As such I will not be giving out my name at the moment, but I think it will suffice to show you this.”
He handed Jeremy a letter which he read.
“You wish to offer me a job in the FBI?”
“Yes Mr. Butler.  As I’m sure you’ve heard the rumors, Trent Frennur was indeed alive, no longer thanks to Robert Drake, and the man behind the certain controlling Trent, in a way, was Guy Branding.  He was one of the former guards who replaced Bart Gatchet as head of the operation up there and after its closing helped Frennur escape and set up a place for him to continue his killing, for both their pleasure, disturbing though that may be.  Frennur has been limited to illegal immigrants until recently, which I’m sure you make the connection.  Guy has now been removed so to speak and has left an opening, and considering how you have handled yourself here, we have determined you to be our best man.”
“Even with all the rumors going around?”
“Come Mr. Bulter, we know how these things start.  We know in fact that the next possible mayor is planning to use you as a scapegoat, despite our debriefing to him along with the current mayor, and we know that you have done everything possible to figure the theft out, but you were bested at the higher level.  We are offering those resources to you now.  We both know that your job here is coming to an end, and despite all evidence to the contrary, the damage of gossip has been sewn, you won’t be too welcome here any longer.  We offer a new start.  And if this will help any, you made the right decision to trust Robert.  Though I myself doubted Robert as well, after reviewing everything he has uncovered, I have to say he performed admirably, though all his actions are not justified completely.  As for you and your family, seeing how Guy was attempting to kill Robert last night and remove anything that would reveal his plans, we are sure he would have come after you next.”
Jeremy’s mind came to rest at last.  God certainly had a way of reassuring you that He did have all things in His hands.
“I will have to ask my family, but I believe their response will be as mine is, which is to accept your offer and make a new start.”
“That is as I expected.  Good, you may give them the same information I have given you, but remember that in the future you will have to guard was passes your mouth while at home.”
“I understand.  May I inquire what has happened to Robert Drake?”
“He has been removed from his position, but we hate to let go of his talent, so we have moved him to a desk job where his analysis will still be to his advantage.  He will be under your supervision.”
“Glad to hear he is doing well.”
“He is getting along, but I believe he still has a long road ahead.  You may respond using the phone number provided, we look forward to having your services.”
“Thank you.”
The man left and Jeremy was left with more thoughts than before, though ones less oppressing.  He was going to go straight home and get this moving, he wanted nothing left of this job as was required and was ready to move on.  He knew some would miss him, but they would support him as well.  His replacement would have no objections, of that he was sure.

Jeremy left work early and went home to tell his family the news.  His wife found the news agreeable and even though the kids liked their school and friends, they too were starting to feel the hatred growing towards their family.  After a long discussion they all decided it was for the best and the call was made accepting the position.  The next day Jeremy put in his two weeks’ notice and started planning for the move.
Two hectic weeks later they somehow found themselves in Virginia sitting on the beach enjoying a little vacation.  In those two weeks they managed to sell their old home, buy a new one, get all the paperwork done for the new job, and get the kids set up to finish their school long distance through their old school, which would help them transition to the new environment next year.  They would have to send them back for finals, but they had friends that were going to take them for the week.
The following week Jeremy reported for his first full day on the job.  It was definitely a more overwhelming job, but all things considered he felt he did well and would soon have it all down.  He had met with Robert who had also returned to work after an extensive leave.  He had gone back to spend time with his family as well as a young woman named Abigail and her mother.  Robert was looking better and thinking clearer, but he seemed to have slowed down and still looked a little stressed around the edges.  He was informed by Robert’s doctor that is may take years before this would all wear off.  The doctor made sure Jeremy understood there would be some setbacks, as the events he suffered may not have yet taken their full effect.  One didn’t go through an emotional breakdown and have to face childhood fears and come out unscathed.  So far he was adjusting and didn’t seem to mind his condition or demotion.
The months came and went and Jeremy had long since adjusted to his workload.  He was given a good six month review and was told he was exceeding expectations.  He found his family had also made the adjustment well.  The kids had finished their long distance school year with little affect on their grades (in a good way) and were enrolled to begin at a private school next year.  His wife was enjoying the fellowship she found in their new church, as were the rest of them, and everyone enjoyed the trip to the beaches in the area.  Deep sea fishing was becoming a must for him and his eldest son, in a couple more years the youngest could join them.  His daughter didn’t care too much for it, but she enjoyed going shopping with her new friends, even if she wasn’t given a whole lot to spend.  The LORD had brought them through in a way he could never have imagined.  The only dark cloud in the whole picture was the situation involving Robert Drake.
Robert had been riding a roller coaster for the past year now, and though he still managed to help out with some critical findings, his performance was nowhere near what he was once capable of.  He had gone through the suffering his doctor had warned him about, but just when he seemed to improve to where even his doctor expected only up and out, he sunk farther down.  It happened a couple weeks ago on Friday.  Jeremy had gone into Robert’s office to see how things were going and how he was coping with his workload and he found him on the ground shaking and trembling and not responding to anything.  Jeremy made sure Robert couldn’t hurt himself on any close objects and called Robert’s doctor.  The ambulance came to take him off to the hospital.  Since then Robert’s condition only worsened.  He kept having nightmares, even while awake and could only get deep sleep with medication.  No one was sure what had triggered it, but Jeremy found out that there had been a big argument with his family.  Robert had told his family his life was changed from the moment he found himself face to face with Frennur, but as everyone who says that finds out, that path is not an easy one.  Robert had slid back pretty far and his father hadn’t taken the news too well.  Robert’s fiancée had not either and had informed him the day before his seizure that if he didn’t get his act together she would have to cancel the wedding planned for the end of the year.  Everything combined left him in a bad state and he seemed to doubt his new life more than ever now.  To make things worse Jeremy had been informed that Robert was going to be let go.  His performance had not been what they were hoping and they just couldn’t take the liability anymore.  They already took a huge hit from all sides when the press got a hold of Robert’s name and story back after the Frennur event.  That didn’t go well, but the FBI defended itself and Robert and eventually the commotion died down.  This only brought it back out and the press was all over it, they were even waiting at the hospital when Robert was brought.  Jeremy asked to be the one to inform Robert of his dismissal, hoping to be able to ease the news and give some words of encouragement.
That evening Jeremy found he was the one needing encouragement.  He sat with his wife discussing what had happened when he broke the news to Robert.  Robert had expected it and was ready to hear it, maybe even relieved, as he took the news pretty well.  It must have been on his mind all that day.  He did not, however, take the encouragement so well.  Jeremy had attempted to help him by encouraging him to take some time off from any work to heal and pray.  He had also encouraged him to seek out his fiancée and talk things over.  Communication is one of the keys to any relationship, though for it to work properly one must be ready to admit fault and accept change, if applicable.  Robert appeared to have the opinion that everyone else was at fault and he had no blame.  Jeremy had gotten him so worked up that the doctor had come in and asked Jeremy to leave.  So he went home and found a wife who was willing to sit and comfort him.  She gave him hope in reminding him that Robert’s angry response was proof that Robert knew he was on the wrong path, however much he tried to convince himself otherwise.  So by the end of the evening, after prayers had been offered, Jeremy found himself drifting off to sleep, leaving that which was out of his control, in God’s.
The next morning brought news of mixed feelings.  Robert’s family and fiancée had shown up at Jeremy’s front door, wondering where Robert had gone off to.  They had visited the hospital earlier that morning only to find he had checked himself out.  He also had cancelled all further appointments with his doctor and disappeared.  Jeremy felt himself getting discouraged and had to keep praying that God’s will was at work.  He told the family that he would attempt to get the FBI involved in tracking him down, considering the situation surrounding Robert.  He got in to work and went to his boss with the news, he already knew.
“I know Jeremy, I know.  We have already looked into it, if anything, just to make sure Robert doesn’t harm himself, or the FBI any further.  We ran a scan on all his accounts and found he made a large purchase at a sports store this morning.  He purchased a backpack, water filter, and other sorts of camping gear.  Following that we show purchases from a grocery store.  It would appear out man it going on a backpacking trip, a long one from what I can tell.”
“The Appalachian Trail.”
“My thought as well.”
“Are we putting any guys on him sir?”
“I was going to Jeremy, but I don’t think someone attempting to hurt himself would spend that much in trying to do so.  It is possible, but I can’t afford to place an agent on him without further evidence.”
“I suppose so.  I will inform the family, my guess is they will be willing to take that on.”
“Alright, but make sure you work on the Argosy Case today, we need to bring that to a resolution.”
“Yes, sir.”



16:  Struggling Onward

Robert sat in his car in silence.  He knew leaving like this would cause concern and maybe some tax payer dollars, but a part of him said that his family deserved to be worried.  After all they didn’t care about him, only that he did what he was supposed to do, which was live the same lives they did.  But what if they thought he was going to kill himself, which he was sure it had already entered their minds.  Well, they worry too much anyway, maybe this would teach them.  He felt so confused.  Why was his life so complicated?  Everything had been fine before the Marson case.  Then his life had taken a bad turn.  So there was a lesson God had wanted him to learn, but why did that mean he had to change everything about his life, at least that is what it appeared everyone else wanted.
Robert got out of the car and started packing his stuff.  Once done he set off, there was no going back; he was going to do this.  Get away from all the questions and all the answers to his problems.  He had no job and no commitment to anything.  His fiancée didn’t care and neither did his family.  Oh they would come looking for him, but they didn’t care what he was going through, just what they got out of it.  It was high time he got something out of it.
He set off walking enjoying getting the energy out, taking his frustrations out with each step.  His mind was racing through all the events and all the people who thought they were trying to help.  Each step also brought more confidence in what he was doing and that he was right; he was justified.  When he finally came out of his thoughts the sky had grown dark.  He could just make out a few stars from under the trees towering over him.  He turned around and found he has just crested the top of a mountain.  He looked out over the rolling mountains.  How far had he come?  He couldn’t guess, but he had started at the edge of the mountains and now he couldn’t make out the where they ended.  He continued to look out over the vast expanse and admire the scenery as it slowly lost its third dimension to the gathering darkness.  As a child he would have been scared to be out in the dark, after all he had gone through he still should, but he continued to watch and soak in the different world under the stars.  He stood till the moon came up over the mountains and brightened up the world till Robert could make out the details of the trees around him.  He decided to set up camp.
Robert started the fire and got out his first meal on the trail to cook over the fire.  The smell of the stew reminded him that he had not eaten since the small snack in the car.  After he had enjoyed his meal he found himself thinking again.  After an hour of arguments he decided he was tired of thinking.  He lay down on his sleeping bag and listened to the night noises.  He could hear an owl off to his left, hooting lonely into the night.  He could hear animals scuttling around his camp sight and the sizzling of the fire he had just put out.  A mosquito buzzed by his ear and landed on his neck, he left it alone, he was tired of doing; he just wanted to let things lie.
Robert woke from a deep sleep, something he hadn’t had in a long time.  He took in a death breath of the cool air and lay their listening to the birds singing and the critters running about.  The sun was just coming up over the mountains.  He once again slipped back into thoughts of self pity, but this time felt his own defense of his actions losing ground.  By the time he had finished his thoughts it was midday.  He was slightly surprised to find he was in a different spot and all his belongings had been packed.  He was losing his mind.  He had packed up and didn’t even know it, or at least consciously.  Was he crazy?  By nighttime he had once again found himself on the top of a mountain.  He decided to camp near a cliff edge.  Once again he slept deep, deeper than the night before if possible.  When he stood up he found his legs were aching, he was not in the right shape for this, but he didn’t care.  He packed up after breakfast and taking a last glance out over the cliff he set of again.  His progress that day seemed hindered by his soreness, but he pressed on, and soon found himself awake in the morning.  He noticed his fire was still going with his dinner still stewing in the pot, if stewing could describe the tar he found inside.  He had fallen asleep before eating and hadn’t put the fire out.  He packed up once again, though more slowly than even the day before and set off once again.  His thoughts today all but betrayed him.  His arguments felt flimsy, built on a foundation of self pity and stubbornness.  He started to notice some of the faults he carried in this whole affair, especially leaving without telling anyone.  He came to a particularly difficult incline and struggled to walk up it.  His legs were aching and his feet were sore from the blisters that had sprung up from his lack of hiking in the past.  Each step became painful and came with sharp breaths of air; he wasn’t sure why he continued.  By the time he reached the top the weight of his feet as well as that on his mind almost had him in tears.  He was about to collapse when he saw a bench up ahead.  The bench was unusual in itself as he hadn’t passed one yet, or hadn’t noticed.   On the bench sat someone he hadn’t expected to see, at least not here.  He had expected his dad or brother, but this took him by surprise.  He straightened up, not wanting to show his weakness and slowly limped his way to the bench.
Abigail said nothing; she didn’t even look at him.  Part of Robert just wanted to keep walking, but the last climb had left him weary, weary in body and spirit.  He sank onto the bench with a thud, releasing his pack to the ground.  They sat there for what seemed an hour, aware of the birds singing, the trees swaying in the wind, and of each other.
“I wish to apologize.”
Robert hadn’t expected these words from her.
“I don’t understand.”
Abigail turned to him and looked him in the eyes.  “I have been thinking Robert and I feel I owe you an apology.  I have also been asked to carry some other apologies, but let’s not talk about those yet.  I want to ask forgiveness for not taking the time to understand what you are going through and for expecting things to be as I wanted them.”
Robert had to think this over; he had expected arguments and expressions of disappointment.
“Robert, look at me, in order to make this work we both need to understand that neither of us is perfect and I have to accept that I have fault in this as well.  I ask forgiveness and I hope that together we can overcome any burdens that you currently bare and together work towards glorifying God.”
The remainder of Robert’s defenses came crashing down, he had no argument.  He couldn’t forgive her without admitting to his own faults, and now he had the clarity to see through his self pity to see them.  Back in the cave of Trent Frennur he had placed his life in God’s hands, but not completely.  He still held on to part of his life, he still wanted his freedom.  He was no freer of himself than his feet were of blisters.
“I forgive you and I ask yours in return, for running off without word and for continuing my hold on to this world.  I have been hiking for three days now and am painfully aware of how the world continues without me.  I have been so absorbed in thought that I haven’t even noticed what I was doing, yet each step continued as if told to by someone else.  I think I realize now that I need to let go of everything.  My life doesn’t matter, the life I want to live that is.  It doesn’t go anywhere and doesn’t lead to anything.  I expected to have a purpose after my encounter with Trent Frennur; I expected to be stronger and only found myself getting weaker.  I found things I cared about before held no meaning anymore, not in the grand scheme of things.  Instead of taking this and trusting God to give it meaning, I tried to hold onto what the world offered, and I see now that is hasn’t led me anywhere.”
“I forgive you Robert and I want you to know that my life or your families isn’t perfect either.  We all descend into the valleys and have to climb back out, but I realized that unlike God, who helps us in every way, I expected…I wanted you to climb out yourself.  I know longer want that; I want to be part of that climb.  Only then can we come out the better, together.”
Robert stared at her and decided it was time to go home, and his feet felt that thought was the best as well.  “Thank you for coming and finding me.  I think it is time we get back and begin this journey of ours.”
Abigail gave him a big hug, putting her head on his shoulder, he returned it warmly.  After a while they got up and Robert felt his whole body protest.  Abigail seemed to notice.
“Shall we take your car or mine?”



17:  Letters of Thanksgiving

Dear Ryan,
I suppose this letter is long in coming, but I’m sure it is welcome all the same.  I have come to the realization that my life up till now has been grossly misled.  True, I never denied the existence of God or His work in creation, and even the fact that Jesus Christ is His son, but I allowed myself to believe that I had no further use than this, which in essence, strips God of all His qualities and leaves me following an empty vessel.  I mean this in the figurative sense, as you and I both know that God cannot be stripped of anything, and contrary to any belief, has full knowledge and control over His creation.  When I refused to listen to these teachings that I have known since childhood, God saw fit to bring me around in a more severe way.  It started with my seizure while in the field, though one can see God at work in my childhood as well, where I was allowed to fall to the point of breaking.  At this point I was reminded of a brother I had that cared for me beyond what I cared to know at that point, for it was through your work that a certain letter came to my knowledge and showed me where I was heading.  For this I thank you.  I must admit however that this letter did not break me of my stance on God, though I was more aware of His presence.  By His grace He did not allow me to resume my old path for long, my condition did not improve as I was placed in a most impossible situation.  But what I saw as a long, needless rabbit trail, I now see as the path that was laid for me.  This path led me to a familiar place, one that I was left to face alone this time.  It was in our playground of old that I finally saw where I was wrong, where I ignored God’s work in my life.  He had brought me to a place I did not want to be, and where my life was in great danger, but I found I was not alone, God was with me.  I knew it as I sat in that small concrete structure, watching events unfold as my time grew short, and that knowledge comforted me.  I then proceeded to face the danger I long feared and as I waited for that final moment, the moment where I either found my life spared or taken, I realized that I had life either way, a new life that I had long kept out of reach.  All the lessons, all the sermons (at least the ones I remembered), and all the empty prayers came racing to my mind and I knew contentment for once.  In the midst of despair and death, I found joy, a joy that I cannot describe properly, but a joy that filled me and carried me through.  Of course, as is such with sinners, still I tried to wander away.  When my life after these events didn’t seem to go where I thought they should be, I fell into self pity and once again loathing the encouragement of others, I’m sure it won’t be the last time.  Yet once again I found that I cannot rely on myself in any way, and God has brought me back into his fold.  So I write you this letter with great thanks for your love and with overwhelming love for our Father who saw fit to bring me through adversity into a light that I cannot survive, but must give in to and leave the old remnants behind.  I have decided, due to lack of employment and a desire to find other forms, to move back home.  There I plan to start a new life, one of greater joy and blessing, though here I will state that there is a slight detour on my trip home, which through God will contribute to that blessing, there will be more on that later.  I hope to see you well and pray for you best keeping in the mean time.
Love,
Robert



18:  Distant Memories

Robert woke with a start.  He was sweating, but cold; he had been dreaming of Frennur again.  Rising from the ground where he was supposed to be dead, moving around and trying to find his murderer.  Abigail woke up next to him and sat up.  She noticed him trembling slightly and wrapped her arms around him.
“It’s okay honey, just a bad dream.  Everything is fine, we are here at your mom and dad’s celebrating Christmas, there is nothing to fear.”
He calmed down and looked at her, his wife, who just so happened to be pregnant with their first.
“Thank you, I know everything is fine, I’m afraid these dreams will have to last a while longer, though now I know on whose help to rely.  Let’s get back to bed; our nephews and nieces will be waking us up early.”
They lay back down and Robert thought back to that last case.  It didn’t scare him when he was awake, but he knew he would carry the wait of Frennur’s death to his own death, but that was how it was going to be.  The cop he had shot back on the Marson case still weighed on him as well, but he had sought forgiveness, and though it hadn’t come at first, they now were close friends going on two years.  After losing his job in the FBI he married Abigail and they settled down in Colorado Springs where he began a career as a lawyer and now lived close to both families.  He took comfort in knowing his actions on that case had brought him many good things beyond the bad memories.  He had a beautiful wife, soon a baby, a dear friend, and the joy of hearing that Bartholomew Gatchet was freed of his imprisoned mind.  The move to the nursing home allowed his wife to see him more often and when that helped him improve, she moved in with him.  Now they lived their together with their lives back.  Robert hadn’t heard anything beyond that, his connection with the Gatchet’s was no longer required, but he still kept Mrs. Gatchet’s letter to remind himself of what his life was like without God.
He slowly started to drift off to sleep with all these latest thoughts in his mind.  His life wasn’t perfect, and he still fell into his old habits from time to time, but he would pick himself up with the knowledge of Christ’s redeeming blood and move on; with the help of his lovely wife of course.
“I am content, yes, I am content.”

###

About the author:

I picked up an enjoyment of writing in high school, spending most of my efforts on short prose.  In the following years I have attempted a few short stories, but never succeeded in turning an idea into a story, complete with development of my characters.  It wasn’t until the year of 2009, after five years of marriage with my beautiful wife and three wonderful children, that I woke up one morning with an eerie dream imprinted in my mind.  This dream consisted only of the museum and the howling tree trunk described in the first two chapters, but it led to the climax of the book, and from there, during many a lunch break and late evening, I found my way to this book.  I hope you enjoyed reading it as I had writing it.  For more information on further works as well as short prose, see my facebook page below.

http://www.facebook.com/home.php#!/pages/Matthew-Benefiel/208987132452209
