The following is a work of fiction.
The characters, circumstances, and dialogue are products of the author’s imagination.
Any resemblance to persons living or dead is entirely coincidental.
Tilley’s
© 2011 by Michael E. Gunter LLC
Published in 2011 by Michael E. Gunter LLC


This is a free short story by Michael E. Gunter
Contact the publisher at BlackwelltheBook@gmail.com or http://klyvian.com

Publishing Consulting provided by Alane Pearce Professional Writing Services, LLC, and   Author Coach:  http://AlanePearce.com | alane@AlanePearce.com

The following is a work of fiction. The characters, circumstances, and dialogue are products of the author’s imagination. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is entirely coincidental.

Thank you for reading my short story. If you are interested, I’ve also included the first four chapters of my novel, BLACKWELL: THE ENCOUNTER BEGINS at the end of this selection. Feel free to read it and share! Thanks! Michael E. Gunter.

Tilley’s
A Short Story by
Michael E. Gunter

I discovered Tilley’s not long after we moved to town. It was a few weeks before Christmas and I joined the rest of the herd in fulfilling the annual holiday obligation. After a disappointing trip to the mall, a kindly old gentleman with a knowing look suggested that I might find something unique at a place called Tilley’s Antiques. I followed his directions and found Tilley’s right where he said it would be. My first sight of the place told me the old guy was right. Unique only began to describe it. The old two-story building was a glorious sight. Decked with all the trimmings of a Currier and Ives painting, the scene transported me back to a simpler time, and for a moment I was reminded of the wonder of so many Christmases I’d known as a child. As I got out of my car, I could have sworn I heard Perry Como singing “I’ll Be Home for Christmas.” But when I stopped to listen, all I could hear were the passing cars and the constant ringing of a Salvation Army Santa at the grocery story across the street. I shook off the remnant of my nostalgia and made my way toward the building.
Entering the lobby, my senses were assaulted by a variety of sights and sounds and smells. The main floor consisted of a restaurant and a few galleries featuring holiday antiques. The walls and doorways were festooned with garland and wreaths and ribbons; there was even a sprig of mistletoe hanging from the crystal chandelier. In one corner of the lobby, a large gaudily decorated tree stood like a fairy-book sentinel over the wrapped bounty beneath its boughs. Some might have considered it overdone, but I thought it looked great. The place was alive with activity as patrons browsed through the galleries and waited in line for seating in the restaurant. Recorded Christmas carols playing throughout the store filled the gaps between the occasional “ooh” and “ah” uttered over a newly discovered treasure from the past, and the quiet murmur of conversation drifted in waves from the dining room. The aroma of the place reminded me of my grandmother’s house during holiday family reunions–fine cooking, fresh cut pine and the ever-present scent of old things. I stood in open-mouthed wonder at the spectacle before me. 
“Merry Christmas, sir. Welcome to Tilley’s. May I take your coat?” 
The voice that pulled me back into the present belonged to an animated teenage girl in an old fashion dress and apron. One hand was extended to receive my coat and the other held a steaming cup of tea. 
“Uh, thank you, yes,” I said, still scanning the room in wide-eyed fascination. She took my coat, and I received the tea. Now I don’t normally drink tea, but in that moment it seemed like the thing to do.
After a little exploration, I began to get a feel for how the building was laid out. I had entered on the main floor, which was actually half a floor higher than the parking lot. The entire west end of the building housed the restaurant with a dining area large enough to accommodate no more than eight parties at a time. There were a few chairs in the lobby where waiting customers could sit and sip tea or coffee. The east end of the building consisted of six small rooms where the first of many antiques were displayed. 
Browsing through the galleries, I recognized many of the objects from so many Christmases spent at my grandmother’s house: Miniature towns and over-sized tree lights, glass balls and candles, garland and ribbons, small figurines of children sledding and carolers singing. There were also several variations of the nativity and statues of angels in various postures. Some of the walls were covered with quilts depicting familiar Christmas scenes: Families worshipping at church on a snowy Christmas eve; children gathered around a fireplace listening to a father reading the Christmas story; a sleepy-eyed child descending the staircase on Christmas day; a semi-circle of carolers singing to an elderly couple on their front porch; and even a Santa Claus drinking a Coca-Cola.
In the center of the main floor, there was a large staircase that gave me the choice of either ascending or descending. I decided to explore the upper level first. Climbing the steps, I noticed a change in atmosphere. It was still very much in keeping with the charm of the main floor, but considerably quieter and devoid of the Christmas decor. I supposed this was how the main floor looked during the rest of the year. 
Reaching the top of the stairs, I found myself entering a hallway that stretched out in either direction to the ends of the building. The hall was lined on both sides with glass cases filled with knick-knacks and trinkets; stuff you might find collecting dust in anyone’s home. There were glass geese and brass elephants, decks of old playing cards and stacks of poker chips. I saw collections of all kinds: Coins, stamps, baseball cards and marbles. One case was filled with sports paraphernalia: Baseballs and gloves, a football and shoes with cleats, a pair of tennis racquets, a full set of golf clubs and several golf balls. Another case was devoted to men’s personal items: Pipes and cigarette cases, eyeglasses, a cane, shaving kits (one for travel, one for home), cufflinks, and a pair of wing-tipped shoes. Next to that case was one for the ladies: Several vanity sets with enameled combs and brushes and silver-plated hand mirrors, silk and lace gloves, hats with veils, perfume bottles of various sizes and shapes, and eyeglasses that curved up on the ends like a cat’s eyes. There were several other cases, some more thematic than others. Each was filled to capacity. 
The rooms on either side of the hallway were all open. I decided to systematically make my way through each one, not wanting to overlook a single item. By this time I had forgotten the reason for my visit. The relics from so many bygone eras were having their effect on me. 
Everywhere around me I saw images from various time periods no more recent than the early 60s, and some as early as the mid-nineteenth century. With the exception of the book room and the clock and radio room, all the galleries on the upper floor were virtually the same. There was no categorization according to type of object or period of time. It was not unusual to find a stack of Elvis Presley records next to fringed lampshade from the 20s. The conglomeration was too much to take in at once. I quickly discovered the trick to really appreciating it was to stop and focus on one item at a time. 
I found myself drawn particularly to the old photographs scattered throughout the galleries. At first the faces seemed distant and out of touch. As far as I was concerned, they were people from another world. But then, as I lingered over a photo of a crowded ballroom, I began to make a connection. The picture was obviously taken sometime during the Second World War. Several of the men were dressed in their service uniforms, and the ladies all had that below-the-knee style of dress with padded shoulders and narrow waistlines. It looked as if someone had announced the photo because the people were all facing the camera. Several were lifting their drinks in a salute, while others posed with arms around what may or may not have been their dates. They all seemed to be in their early twenties to mid thirties. Scanning the photo, I noticed a young woman in the foreground holding a sign that read: Happy New Year 1942. Upon further inspection, I found what I hoped would be there, a clock. Sure enough, both hands pointed straight up.
I stood looking at the photograph for several minutes before the impact of that date hit me. The picture was taken just three weeks after the bombing of Pearl Harbor. The United States had just entered the war. I studied the photograph some more, concentrating on the faces. Suddenly, they did not seem so distant and foreign to me. They were real people who had unknowingly just entered some of the darkest days of the twentieth century. Yet there they were, dancing and laughing, having the time of their lives. I wondered how many of these young men left shortly after the photograph was taken, many never seeing their girlfriends or wives again. How many of these young men had just attended their last party and danced their last dance? 
Then I noticed the most intriguing part of the scene. In the lower right corner, there was a young couple sitting at a table, hand in hand, gazing into one another’s eyes. He was dressed in a pinstriped suit, she in a stylish party dress. They appeared oblivious to the commotion around them. I wondered who they were. What was their story? Where they married or soon to be? Did he go off to war? Did he ever return? Where were they now? 
I don’t know how long I stood there staring at the photograph, but it was long enough for my tea to grow cold and my back to ache from stooping too long. I decided to head back downstairs to see what other treasures I might discover. I was about to bypass the main floor and go straight on to the basement when I caught whiff of freshly baked cake. It was around 2:30 and I’d skipped lunch, so I decided to get a quick bite before exploring the rest of the building. As I made my way to the restaurant, I was once again warmed by a strong sense of holiday cheer. The people I encountered in this place were not as harried as those I left at the mall. These folks seemed so much more relaxed, as if they had no place to go and nothing calling them beyond that very moment. It had been a long time since I had such feelings–feelings of pure joy and contentment. It occurred to me that one could make this a habit.	
Entering the dining room, I found an unoccupied table in the corner. With the lunch rush over, only a few elderly ladies remained enjoying their tea and company. I ordered a slice of the cake that had lured me and asked for a warm-up for my tea. As I waited, I scanned my surroundings. The restaurant itself was something of an antique gallery. The walls were decorated with old pots and pans, a rolling pin, measuring cups, an old rusted potato masher and other diner accouterments. The wall beside my table held an arrangement of photographs that appeared to have been taken right there in the restaurant. After a few moments, I realized I was looking at a pictorial history of the establishment. Interestingly, the same women appeared in all of the pictures. In the uppermost left-hand photograph, she was young and quite attractive. With each succeeding photo, there seemed to be a progression, as if she were aging before my eyes. The final photograph, dated June 12, 1986, showed the same woman, now quite old, standing between a smiling young couple. 
Something about the woman held my attention, like a dream that begged to be remembered. I traced back to the pictures of her younger years. She had a pretty face, full of laughter and life. Yet there was a distant look about her, like she was keeping a part of herself hidden; off limits to the camera and those who frequented her establishment. There was also a familiarity about her. I could not place her, but I knew I’d seen her face somewhere recently.
My order came and I was brought back to the present. The cake was still warm and the scoop of ice cream next to it was starting to melt. I devoured both, not realizing how hungry I was. When the waitress came to check on me, I had to order another slice. This time I asked for a large glass of milk to go with it. Suddenly, I was a kid again, visiting my grandmother. She always had some kind of grandmotherly snack, and I loved her for it. When the waitress brought my second piece of cake, I inquired about the photographs. There were no other customers in need, and she seemed eager to talk about the pictures, so Alice joined me at my table.
“That’s Miss Tilley,” she began. “She owned the restaurant and Inn before the Petersons bought it from her. That’s them there.” She pointed to the last picture dated 1986. “Oh, she was a fine lady, Miss Tilley. My family used to bring me here after church on Sundays, and we got to know her quite well. She was like a grandmother to me.”
“Are all these pictures of her?” I asked, gesturing to the entire display.
“Yes. She never would have allowed these to be displayed when she owned the place. But after she died, one of the staff found them and had them enlarged as a tribute to her. The Petersons liked them so much, they decided to leave them up. Folks who knew Miss Tilley say it’s kind of like having her here, like she never left.”
“That’s awfully nice of the Petersons to let her stay.”
At this, Alice smiled. “Miss Tilley liked the Petersons a lot. She always said they were the children she never had.”
“She had no children?” I asked, “Was she ever married?”
“Yes. It’s a sad story though. Would you like to hear it?”
“Yes, I would.”
“Tilley was married to a man by the name of Harvey Chesterfield. He was very handsome and charming; quite the lady’s man until he met Tilley. The day she walked into his life was the day Clarksville cried. At least that’s what the ladies tell me. That was in 1939. He courted her for six months and they were married in the spring of 1940.” Alice paused for a moment, looked around the room, and then pointed to a picture on the wall behind the cash register. “That’s them, there. They stayed here in the Inn on their wedding night. That’s when that picture was taken.” 
I got up and walked over to the register to get a closer look at the picture. I stood looking at Harvey and Tilley Chesterfield as they looked the day of their wedding in 1940. They were a very attractive couple. Harvey had dark, wavy hair and a dark mustache. He could have been of Italian heritage. Tilley had long, brown hair that hung loosely around her face. She had a look of pure joy and contentment; it was the very quality that was absent from the other pictures of her. I could easily see why their memory had been preserved. They seemed like the perfect couple, so young and so in love.
“What happened to Harvey?” I asked, not sure I really wanted to hear the sad tale.
“Well, when the Japanese bombed Pearl Harbor, Harvey did what all the young men did. He enlisted. Right after the holidays he told Tilley that he wouldn’t be gone long. After a few weeks of basic training, he was on his way to Germany. He died in 1944. If I remember the story correctly, Harvey demonstrated such leadership that he was put in charge of his company. One night, they were ambushed and Harvey was killed, but not until he saved over half of his men. I’m afraid I don’t know all the details. Anyway, he was a real hero.”
“And Tilley became a widow,” I said, mostly to myself. “What a shame.”
“Tilley never married again,” Alice continued. “Oh, she had plenty of young men come calling, but she turned them all away. She said the Lord had joined her with Harvey and she could not be joined to another man. After awhile they got the idea and stopped calling.”
“So how did Tilley come to buy this place?” I asked.	
“She inherited a sizable amount of money from a rich uncle. After Harvey died, she felt she had to do something to keep her mind occupied. She always loved to be around people, so she bought this place when it was still an Inn and added the restaurant. I think she felt closer to Harvey here, this being the place they spent their first night as husband and wife.”
“It seems she did fairly well with it,” I commented.
“Very well,” Alice said. “This became her mission. No one knows how many people she helped through the years. She was always letting people stay and eat for free. Some folks started calling her Saint Tilley, which, by the way, she did not like. She said she was just doing what the Good Lord told her to do and they should do likewise. She was always quoting that part of the Bible where Jesus said, ‘I was hungry and you fed me, a stranger and you took me in.’ Yes, she was quite a lady. I think the Good Lord must have smiled down on her and made her successful for all she’d been through and all she did for people.”
“Sounds like it.” 
Alice looked like she needed to attend to her other customers, so I thanked her for the story, paid my bill and left the restaurant. I still had plenty of time before I had to be home, so I decided to explore the rest of the building. Leaving the cozy Christmas atmosphere, I returned to the staircase and descended into another world.
As I entered the lower level, I immediately recognized Glenn Miller’s In the Mood. Now I’m no expert on past popular culture, but I’ve seen enough movies to recognize the World War II era when I see and hear it. It was clearly the intention of someone to preserve this particular moment in America’s history. Unlike the collision of decades I experienced on the top level, the bottom level was devoted exclusively to objects from the 1940s. 
Another difference was the layout of the basement. There was no main hallway, nor were there any small galleries. Instead, it was one very large room, carefully decorated to capture the essence of the 40s. A life-size cutout of a band occupied one corner of the room. In front of it were eight small round marble tables, each surrounded by three or four wrought iron chairs. Along one wall was a high marble bar like you would find in an old drug store, complete with soda fountains and candy jars. I immediately thought of the photograph of the ballroom I’d seen upstairs. This room was much too small to have been the room in the photo, but there was a striking resemblance. 
The opposite side of the room was more consistent with the upstairs displays. There were several glass cases filled with items from the era, including a surprising amount of military paraphernalia: Patches, medals, and a couple of old uniforms; propaganda buttons with various war-time slogans on them; little American flags; and a small collection of handguns and artillery casings. There were also several mannequins, both male and female, dressed in period clothing. The ladies’ dresses looked just like those I saw in the photograph, the only difference being that these were in color whereas the photographs were in black and white. The men’s suits were all pretty much the same, dark and simple with skinny ties. A few hats hung on pegs along the wall. There was a small collection of household appliances, enough to outfit a couple homes. In fact there was a small re-creation of an average kitchen and living room in one corner. On the walls, I saw more pictures. I recognized some: Glenn Miller and his band, the Andrews Sisters, Billie Holiday, Duke Ellington. But there were others I did not recognize: Several group shots of military companies; an Air Force crew standing in front of a B-52 Bomber; the deck of a battleship with its crew lining the rail. 
As I continued perusing these relics from the past, a few people wandered in and out of the 40s room. They would come, take a quick look around, and then leave; obviously more interested in the festivities upstairs. Some stayed longer than others, but I outlasted them all. Something in that room captured me. It was as if the past was reaching forward and drawing me back with it. Maybe it was just my mind getting caught up in a new experience, or maybe it was something more. Whatever it was, I couldn’t tear myself away from it. It was like longing for something I’d never had, or the sense that I had somehow missed something very important. The longer I remained, the more intense those feelings became.
As I pondered this, I sensed that I was not alone in the room. A man and woman were conversing in whispers near one of the display cases. I would not have given them a second look, but there was something different about these two. They were good looking, probably in their twenties, and obviously a couple. They had that look of young lovers; that we’re-the-only-two-people-left-in-all-the-world look. He was tall and handsome and wore a pair of pinstriped slacks with a matching jacket and hat. His clothing looked new, but there was something odd that I could not quite put my finger on. She was very attractive. Her long brown hair was pulled back and tied with a ribbon, and she wore a hat tilted slightly to one side. She wore a solid tan dress jacket over a white blouse buttoned all the way and a matching knee-length skirt. Like him, her attire looked new, but had that same odd characteristic about it. I found myself staring at them as they strolled from one display to the next. I tried not to be too obvious, but I don’t think it mattered. The couple seemed oblivious to my existence. 
As the mystery couple wandered closer to my position, it suddenly dawned on me what it was that looked so unusual. It was the fact that they did not look out of place. I mean they did not look out of place there in the 40s room. In fact, their clothing looked like it could have come right off two of the mannequins; only it looked brand new. Either someone was trying to play a prank on me or these two really got into this antique thing. I tried to pass it off as the latter and began to appreciate the authenticity these strangers added to my nostalgia. I even entertained the notion of trying on one of the jackets myself so I too could look the part. But I quickly decided against it when I noticed that the couple had become aware of me. 
I quickly turned my attention to a set of dishes when they stopped not five feet from me. Now, for the first time, I could make out what they were saying.
“I don’t know, darling. Do you really think we should?” she asked.
“Why, of course. He is probably a guest just like us. He will not mind.”
“You must ask him then.”
“Yes, dear.”
At this point the man addressed me very politely. “Excuse me, sir. Would you mind terribly making a picture of us?”
“Uh, no. Not at all,” I replied. 
He turned back to his date, who was smiling bashfully, and picked up the bag setting next to her on the floor. After a moment of searching through the bag, he produced a box and handed it to me.
“What’s this?” I asked stupidly.
They looked at each other as if I had spoken in a foreign tongue.
“Why, it’s a camera. You do know how to use a camera, don’t you?”
“Yes,” I answered slowly. “It’s just that I’ve never used one quite like this.” I turned the box around in my hands looking for something that resembled an eyepiece or a lens.
“I see. Well, it is rather new. I just bought it last week for this occasion. We are on our honeymoon.”
“Oh….Congratulations. Could you show me how this works?”
After a brief lesson on how to use the 1940s box camera, I felt confident that I could do the job. Looking down into the eyepiece, I lined the camera up on my subject and was ready to snap the picture. 
“Oh, just a moment,” the young lady said as she slipped out of the frame and walked over to one of the mirrors. She removed her hat and untied the ribbon, allowing her hair to fall softly down her back. After a moment of arranging a few strands, she returned to her husband and slipped her arm through his. “I’m ready.”
I found myself unable to move; for what I saw through the eyepiece paralyzed every muscle in my body. There, framed within the camera was an exact replica of the picture I had seen in the restaurant upstairs.
“Are you okay, sir?” the man asked when I had not moved.
“Uh, yes….just a moment,” I mumbled. I was caught between what I knew I saw and what I knew I could not be seeing. I finally regained control of my finger and snapped the picture. I could tell, as I handed the camera back to the man, that I must have looked strange. Their faces revealed a sense of unease about me.
“Thank you for your trouble, sir. Have a pleasant evening,” the man said as they turned and headed toward the door. “Come along, Tilley. We mustn’t be late for our reservations.”
I stared after them in disbelief. Just before they reached the door, I heard the young woman say to her husband, “What an odd sort of man.” 
I stayed for a while longer listening to Jo Stafford sing I’ll Be Seeing You. Then I went home.
I haven’t seen Tilley and Harvey Chesterfield in person again. Still, I continue to visit Tilley’s and I always stop by the restaurant to look at the picture of them behind the register; the one I took. I have come close on several occasions to telling Alice about my encounter with them that day, but I always change the subject at the last minute. I have come to believe it was one of those experiences best kept to myself. Besides, I doubt anyone would really believe me. I often wonder what exactly happened down in the 40s room. Was I somehow transported back to their time, or did they wonder into mine? I don’t know. Maybe it was just a chance encounter between three people who just happen to be at the same place, caught up in two different moments that were similar enough to bridge a sixty-year gap–a brief chronological attraction. At any rate, I keep the encounter tucked away in my mind. And whenever I feel the frenzy of my world getting to me, I take it out and visit that old familiar place.
##

If you liked this story, please share it with others! AND tweet about it here: http://twitter.com/?status=Just+read+Tilley’s+by+@MichaelGunter;+Fun+Holiday+Story!+Get+your+copy+free+at+klyvian.com!

Read more by Michael E. Gunter by visiting http://klyvian.com.

Checkout Michael Gunter’s novel, BLACKWELL! Available for all e-readers anywhere you get your books! BLACKWELL is also available in print (for the old-school readers out there!) online!

Read more by Michael E. Gunter by visiting http://klyvian.com.

“An AMAZING Read! If you want to be one of the first to discover the next best selling author, then Michael Gunter and his book, "Blackwell" is a must find! I have to admit that I wasn't an avid sci-fy reader, but after reading "Blackwell", I am hooked! I not only found it to be an easy read, but extremely "riveting" and "awesome"! The story draws you in and you become so involved with the characters. You want to know about them and what happens in their lives! I would encourage anyone looking for a book that you just can't put down, to pick up, "Blackwell". I can't wait for the sequel!” – Char

BLACKWELL is a story about loyalty, friendship, conviction and a danger that threatens to destroy it all. When visitors from another world show up at their Wyoming ranch, Rick and Jane Blackwell are amazed; first by the proof that extraterrestrial intelligent life really exists, and second by the friendship that so easily forms. As the shock subsides and the language barrier is crossed, they settle into a new way of life. But when a stranger shows up, everything Rick thinks he knows falls under the shadow of doubt as he becomes an unwitting pawn in an ancient battle from another world. Has he been tricked into believing a lie? Will the truth be his demise or his salvation? Can he act in time to save his wife and new daughter? And what if the world found out what really happened at the Blackwell Ranch? 
BLACKWELL is your invitation to take another look up, and in, and imagine the possibilities.


BLACKWELL
A Novel

The Encounter Begins


Michael E. Gunter

As much as I would like to believe otherwise, this is a work of fiction. While some of the locations exist in reality, the characters, circumstances, and dialogue are products of the author’s imagination. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is entirely coincidental. 

Copyright 2011 by Michael E. Gunter LLC
Published by Michael E. Gunter LLC
Smashwords Edition
Discover other titles at Smashwords.com
eISBN:  978-0-9837522-1-9

Contact the publisher at BlackwelltheBook@gmail.com or http://klyvian.com 

Publishing Consulting provided by Alane Pearce Professional Writing Services, LLC and Author Coach 
http://AlanePearce.com | alane@ AlanePearce.com 

Cover Art by: Carson Jones  jonesca8@vcu.edu
Cover Photography by: Brandon H. Pearce kolodog@yahoo.com 

Cover Design, Book Design, Publishing Management and Coaching by: Alane Pearce Professional Writing Services and Author Coach  http://AlanePearce.com  | email: alane@AlanePearce.com 


Dedicated to my son, Erik

Prologue : Rosetta

“You’re wasting your time, Carl. There’s nobody out there.” 
Carl Drake heard those words so many times they no longer bothered him. He didn’t even argue anymore. He’d just smile and nod and strike that person’s name from the short list of people he cared to remember. But when she said them and then added the stinger, “But if there were, they wouldn’t care about someone like you,”—those words were carved into his memory just like her name was permanently etched onto his short list. How could he forget her? How could he forget the last words she ever spoke to him? Even after a year, they still haunted him.  
Carl sat motionless in his car, a dark green 1965 convertible Mustang he bought new from the dealer four years earlier. It still looked like it did the day it rolled off the assembly line. He liked it because it had the kind of style that made people look twice. In a car like that, a guy like Carl could feel normal, maybe even cool. And though there was no one out there in the lonely Nevada desert to notice him, he still felt good in it. With the top down, radio on, and the seat leaned back all the way, he watched the smoke from his cigarette drift straight up in the still night air. Above him, the moonless sky glittered with the billions and billions of stars that seemed close enough to touch. 
The young man stared straight up into the cosmos and let his mind go as far and as fast as he could. Somewhere out there—beyond the tiny Sputnik, past the astronauts aboard Apollo 11, further out than anyone had ever peered through a telescope—there had to be someone; some kind of intelligent life. He knew it in his soul. And he wanted nothing more in life than to make contact, to see and hear them, to actually know them. He wondered if they were at all like him. Did they laugh and cry? Did they make love and war? Did they have hopes and dreams and fears? Did they wonder if they were all alone in the universe? Did any of their kind mock them for having such absurd thoughts? Carl imagined someone like himself on a distant planet like Earth. Maybe he or she or whatever else there could be was staring out into the same space, but from the other side. If only they could bridge the gap that separated their two worlds. Carl cursed the distance that rendered their meeting unlikely, if not impossible. 
More than an hour had passed since Carl began his night vigil. The ground beside his car was littered with cigarette butts, and the RC Cola on the floor between his feet had long since become warm and flat. At some time in the evening (Carl was unaware when it happened), the radio faded out as the last bit of power drained from the car’s battery. 
It was fifteen miles to the nearest town. Even if he wanted to try to make it on foot, his legs could not have carried him that far. While the thought of being stranded alone in the desert should have given him cause for at least some concern, Carl Drake was content to stay and keep company with the stars. Automotive problems could wait until the last star surrendered its light to the new day. Besides, he knew he would not be spending this night in the desert alone.
Carl heard the rumble of the 1937 Indian motorcycle a few moments before he saw the light from its headlamp. He did not bother to watch the motorcycle approach since he knew who was on it. When the Indian finally came to a stop next to the Mustang, its rider switched off the engine, extended the kickstand and took off his helmet.
“Any problems?” Carl asked, still gazing up into the sky.
“Naw. The old man’s on the verge of another breakthrough. He’ll be locked away in his lab for days. As of this morning, I became just another echo from the Big Bang.” 
“Well, I’m glad to see you Frank. Did you get the key?”
“Yeah. Took it right off his key ring. He’ll never miss it.” 
“You’re sure we’ve got the place all to ourselves?”
“For days if we want it. Not much interest these days in listening to static. No one’s scheduled to come out ‘til next week.” 
“Guess it’s meant to be then.” Carl opened the door to his Mustang and swung his legs out. The metal braces on his legs rattled and clicked as he locked them into place. Without much effort, he heaved himself into a standing position. From the back seat he retrieved two crutches, the short kind with the wrist cuffs. It was a maneuver he had performed countless times. “So what’s on tap for tonight? Hendrix? Jefferson Airplane? Grand Funk?”
Frank unbuckled the leather pouch behind the seat of the Indian and pulled out a metal case about the size of a shoebox. “I don’t think it really matters, Carl. Whatever you want is fine.” 
“Oh, but it does matter. You don’t want them to think the earth is square, do you?”
Frank stared blankly at Carl. Then the light came on. “Oh, square Earth—good one.” Frank snorted. “I doubt they’d judge us by our musical preference.” 
“You may be right. But they probably do have style. What if they like to, you know, get down?” Carl made an awkward attempt at a dance move. “I’d hate to think they passed on us for a better party.” 
“Carl, you have a bizarre view of the universe.” 
Beside them was a steel building about the size of a double car garage. Frank unlocked the door and felt along the wall for the light switch. Light spilled out of the door and cut sharply into the black desert. Carl took one last look at the stars and hobbled his way into the building. Frank followed and closed the door behind him, sealing every bit of light back into its container. On the door, in simple block letters, a sign read: CETI BROADCAST STATION ELVIS. Beyond the building, about fifty yards away, was an enormous radio telescope with its dish pointed straight up. From a distance, it looked like a big salad bowl balanced atop a thin pedestal. 
Inside the building, Carl took his usual chair and laid his crutches on the floor beside him. “What’s in the case?” He asked as he pulled a ten-inch reel of audiotape out of his leather satchel.  
Frank was checking the printouts from the last several days. “Oh, something I’ve been working on.” He shook his head as he leafed through the yards of paper, studying the rows of squiggly lines. “Hmm. Not much here.” 
“Patience, man. Patience.” Carl attached the reel to a machine and fed the tape through the reader head and onto the empty retrieval reel. “What’s in the case?” 
“Uh-huh.” Frank was lost in the squiggles. He had zeroed in on one particular section and was scribbling some notes onto the paper.
“Earth to Frank,” Carl said a little louder. 
“Oh, sorry. Did you say something?”
“The case. What’s in it?” 
“Oh, yeah, that.” Frank placed the printout back in its tray and slid the case to the center of the table between them. “This is Rosetta.” 
“Rosetta,” Carl repeated, flashing an impish grin. “Ah, your new girlfriend? Why don’t you let her out so I can meet her?”
“Girlfriend? Cha!” Frank brushed his greasy hair back with one hand and pushed his thick plastic-framed glasses back into place with the other. “Like I would go out with a girl who could fit in a box that small.” 
Carl shrugged. “Yeah, you’re right. Guys like us must have our standards. I’ll just go and tell all those girls lined up outside that we only want the tall good-lookin’ ones. Cha!” 
Frank chose not to be drawn into another one of Carl’s cynical rants. “Seriously, you’ve heard of the Rosetta Stone?”
Carl nodded. “Yes. The stone Napoleon’s army found in Egypt.” 
“That’s right,” Frank said. “It had the same text written in three languages: Greek, Latin, and Egyptian hieroglyphs…” 
“I knew that.” 
“…which provided the key for deciphering the previously undecipherable hieroglyphs.” 
Carl nodded. “I knew that, too.” 
“Well,” Frank said as he patted the case, “this is sort of the same thing, only it’s electronic. Here, let me show you.” Frank found a piece of graph paper and placed it on the table. “Let’s say you wanted to communicate human.” He drew a stick figure on the paper. “Using a geometric grid, you can figure out the plot points of the picture and assign them numerical values like this.” Frank scribbled out a series of numbers that represented the plot points for his stick figure. “If you transmit the plot points along with an audio recording of what the object is, whoever receives it can re-produce the object and hear an audible word designation.” 
“You’re telling me you invented a machine that transmits a signal that draws a picture along with an audio track?”
“Yes,” Frank said proudly. “That’s right.” 
“I hate to break it to you, Frankie, but I think someone beat you to it. They call it television.” 
Frank shook his head. “Rosetta is nothing like TV. It doesn’t even use a picture tube. The code for the picture is an audio signal as well.” 
Carl thought for a moment. “Okay. Aliens might not have a TV, but they probably have a radio. Come on, Frank. Don’t you think if they’re smart enough to travel through space, they’d be smart enough to have a TV onboard their ship?”
Frank frowned. “I’m sure they’re smart enough. But we can’t assume compatibility between alien and human technology. They probably do have some form of video technology, but the likelihood of it being able to receive and translate one of our television signals is…well, it’s hardly likely. Radio signals are much simpler.” 
“Hmm.” Carl knew Frank had given this a lot of thought. He also knew that he was probably right. “So, you’ve created an electronic Rosetta Stone?” 
“Yes, that’s why I call it Rosetta. You know, Carl, for a smart guy you can be kind of slow.” 
Carl shot him a sneer, but cut off the sarcastic comeback that Frank probably wouldn’t have gotten anyway. “Tell me, Frank, what’s the point?”
“The point is, we can broadcast your record collection for a thousand years, but it won’t mean anything. If aliens are out there and they can detect our radio signals, they still wouldn’t understand our music. I hate to sound like my old man, but to an alien race with no human point of reference, our music would just sound like noise. This isn’t like Star Trek where all the aliens speak English. Rosetta uses what many scientists believe is the true universal language—mathematics. It’s a key for them to begin the process of understanding us. Check out these symbols I’ve already programmed into the machine along with their verbal cues.” 
Frank drew the following symbols on the sheet of paper: 



Carl studied the symbols and muttered to himself, “Okay. That’s the sun and our solar system and there’s Earth. What’s this? Oh, I see—mountain, tree, water, human. And a peace sign?” He looked at Frank. “You seriously believe an alien who has never been to Earth is going to figure this out?”
Frank was disappointed at Carl’s sudden lack of confidence. “It’s a start. And I think it communicates a lot better than, I can’t get no satisfaction.” 
Carl smiled. “Okay, you’ve got a point. Let’s just hope they’ve got plenty of graph paper.” 
“Very funny. You can play around if you want, but at least I’m trying to really do something here.” 
Carl stiffened. “Oh, so now I’m playing around? Look at me. Do I look like I’m playing around? Let’s take stock. I’m a twenty-three year old cripple. Except for you, all my friends are either in Nam or Canada or getting stoned in a field of daisies somewhere. My parents think I’m a loser, and…” Carl stopped himself.
There was a long pause. “Look, Carl, maybe this wasn’t such a good idea after all. You’ve been on edge since we got here. Let’s just pack it up and try again some other time. Maybe tomorrow, huh?”
Carl leaned forward and pressed the palms of his hands against his temples. “No, tomorrow won’t be any better.” There was another long pause. “It’s Amy. She’s getting married.” 
“Oh, man, I’m sorry,” Frank said. “When did you find out?”
“This morning. Her mom called.” 
“What’d she say?”
“I really don’t feel like talking about it. Sorry I brought it up.” Carl picked up the piece of paper and studied the symbols again. “I guess if they’re smart enough to travel through space, they’re smart enough to figure out these symbols. Tell me how this contraption works.” 
Frank spent the next thirty minutes explaining the Rosetta machine and patching it into Elvis’s mainframe. After several minutes of Frank’s fiddling with the dials and switches, Carl was getting restless. He had no understanding of computers and believed Frank purposefully engaged in excessive fiddling just to prove he could. When he couldn’t take it any more, Carl got up and started hobbling around the station.
“Hey, Frank,” Carl said, “what’s a pulse burst transmitter?”
“A what?” Frank said from behind a large rack of electronic equipment.
“A pulse burst transmitter,” Carl repeated. “It’s printed on this crate. There’s also some letters I can’t read. I think it’s Russian.” 
Frank climbed out from behind the rack and walked over to where Carl was standing. “Let me take a look at that.” He examined the crate. “See if you can find a hammer or a pry bar.” 
“Now this is more like it,” Carl said. He found a hammer in a drawer and brought it back to Frank. 
“I know this. I read about it last year.” Frank strained to get the pry bar into the crack between the crate and its lid. “But it was only a theory then.” 
“What theory?”
“There was this Russian scientist who claimed to have figured out how to transmit a signal at a super high speed over a tremendous distance. I can’t remember the exact figures he used.” 
“Estimate.” 
“Think of it like this: If we ever put a man on Mars, it would make communication sound like a phone call across the street. But remember, it’s just a theory.” 
“By the looks of it, that Russian guy went beyond theory. Let’s take it out and fire it up.” 
“I doubt the thing even works.” 
“Why do you say that?”
“Look. It’s never even been out of the box. I don’t think anyone’s ever even hooked it up.” 
Carl shook his head. “If they’re never going to use it, what’s the big deal? Besides, I thought CETI stood for Communication with Extraterrestrial Intelligence. You and I seem to be the only one’s who actually send any messages out. If they’re going to stop trying to communicate, they ought to change the name to LETI—Listening for Extraterrestrial Intelligence.” 
“LETI? That’s kind of lame.” 
Carl thought for a moment. “How ’bout SETI? Search for Extraterrestrial Life. At least it still sounds the same.” 
“Why don’t you mention that to my dad?”
“I think I will. Now let’s test drive this pulse burst transmitter and see what she can do.” 
“I don’t know. If my dad ever found out…” 
“How could he find out? You’re just an echo, remember?”
The image of his father on the verge of another breakthrough popped into Frank’s mind. It was an image he knew well. In fact, Frank could not remember a time when his father was not working on the discovery of the century. “You’re right. What’s the worst that could happen?”
Thirty minutes later, Frank stood up and announced, “That’s it. I think I got it.” Frank had a concerned look on his face like he might have missed something important.
“Finally,” said Carl. He had been reading one of the many technical manuals lying about. “How do you guys read this stuff? No wonder they put these places way out in the middle of nowhere. I want to slap somebody.” He tossed the manual onto the table. “Let’s fire it up.” 
“Not so fast,” Frank replied. “According to these specs, this thing requires an awful lot of power. I had to hook directly into the main line coming into the building. I’m not sure what’s going to happen. We could blow something and lose power to the entire building.” 
“I guess we better make sure we get it right the first time then. You got your Rosetta thing ready?”
“Yes. We’ll transmit the first sequence. If it works, we can send more later.” 
Carl held up a hand. “Wait a minute. Can this pulse thing transmit music?” 
Frank thought about it. “Sure, but not an entire song. The pulse is too quick. You’d have to somehow compact the music down into a much smaller package. Maybe in the future we’ll be able to do something like that. Hmm, compact music. That would be cool.” 
“It was just a thought. Go ahead and pulse the Rosetta signal. I’ll stick to sending musical smoke signals.” Carl gave Frank a nod and a thumbs-up.
Frank looked as if he were about to meet Miss America. He was perspiring, his eyes were wide open, and his hands were shaking. “Here goes something, I hope.” 
Carl stared hard at the Rosetta machine as if he expected it to do something. Every muscle in Frank’s body tensed, and then he pushed the transmit button. There was a click followed by an amazing display of…nothing. Both men stood transfixed, their eyes locked onto the Rosetta machine. Still nothing. 
“Try it again,” Carl whispered.
Frank pushed the button a second time. 
Another ten seconds elapsed. 
Still nothing.
“A dud,” Carl said. All the hopeful tension of the moment was let out like air from a balloon. “Oh, well, at least we still have lights.” 
“I don’t understand. Maybe I didn’t hook it up right.” Frank began checking connections and reviewing the spec documents.
“Don’t worry about it, Frank. We still have several hours. Let’s just patch Rosetta into the system the old way. Besides, maybe the pulse machine never worked. That’s probably why it was in the box. Good effort though.” 
“Yeah, you’re probably right. I’ll drop some hints to my dad. Maybe he knows something.” 


Sixty seconds earlier…

Outside Broadcast Station Elvis, the steel frame holding the radio telescope began to rattle and the dish atop started to vibrate. Three seconds later, the moonless black night became ablaze in a shower of sparks, and streams of blue electrical energy shot out in all directions. Bolts of electricity congregated on everything in the vicinity that was made of metal—the steel lightening rods atop the building, the Indian motorcycle, the Mustang, the metal “Keep Out” sign in front of the building. Fifty miles to the south, every light in Las Vegas blacked out. 
Then, as quickly as it all began, the light show outside of Broadcast Station Elvis ended. Vegas flickered back to life and everything seemed to be as it had been before. 


Four hours later… 

The eastern sky was showing the first signs of morning as Frank and Carl emerged from the broadcast station. 
“That was a bust,” Frank said. 
“It wasn’t a complete loss,” Carl replied. “You got me through my first night of knowing the only woman in the world for me is going to live happily ever after with another man. Besides, we can search the stars for intelligent life anytime.” 
Frank laughed. “I hope we find it soon ‘cause there’s not much of it down here. Hey, listen.” Both men stopped. “Your car is running.” 
Carl looked at the Mustang. Sure enough, the car was idling like a new sewing machine.


Four years later and several light-years away…

A tone sounded in a darkened room, waking its occupant from a sound sleep. He spoke calmly in a language never before heard by human ears. Translation: “This is Ido.” 
From a speaker somewhere in the room, a female voice said in the same language, “Ka-Rel was correct.” There was an edge of excitement in the voice. 

Part I: Incident at Blackwell Ranch


Chapter 1:
What Ed Tyler Found


Rick Blackwell stepped out onto the back deck of his single-story house and walked to the railing at its furthest edge. He shivered as the cold air enveloped his body. The steam from his favorite coffee mug mingled with his breath to form a white cloud that rose up in sharp contrast against the clear blue sky. He relished this moment. Although it became his daily ritual, it never got old. It was his favorite part of the day.
The thirty-year-old transplant from the East Coast surveyed his massive back yard. Stretched out before him as far as he could see, the Wyoming desert was white from the light dusting of snow that fell the night before. Randomly scattered tufts of desert sage punctuated the landscape, providing definition to the brilliant swath of white. The only man-made object in sight was a split-rail fence about fifty yards out from the house. Fifty miles beyond, the Rocky Mountains rose up out of the desert like the back of a great serpent. Rick could think of nowhere else in all the world he would rather be. 
Rick and his wife Jane moved to their Wyoming ranch in the summer of 1996. When they arrived, the locals politely told them that most city folks were lucky to last a year before the harsh weather and loneliness drove them back to wherever it was they came from. Like many things in life, they were told, the idea of wilderness adventures and a lifestyle of simplicity is appealing to those who have only glimpsed such things in books and movies. The reality, it turns out, is a shock to the system; and few stick with it long enough to experience the benefits that come only after the heart has been conditioned to receive them. To the surprise of all who knew them, Rick and Jane survived the first year, endured the second, and thrived with each year that followed. After five years, the Blackwells had paid their dues and earned the respect of their fellow pioneers. Now they seemed as much a part of the land as it was a part of them.   
Gazing out at the Big Sky country, Rick felt small and obscure. The sheer bigness of it made him feel vulnerable, like at any moment the land might swallow him up. He liked the feeling. He said it gave him the perspective he had sorely lacked in the corporate world where he was revered as a modern day warrior of sorts—foolish things uttered by small men to make themselves feel bigger than they are. Here in the untamed, as he called it, he knew there were things much greater than himself. He did not know what they were, but he was certain they had to be out there somewhere. 
As he pondered these greater things and how one might find them, he caught a movement out of the corner of his eye. He could tell immediately by the odd gait (something like a barefoot speed walker on hot asphalt) that it was Ed Tyler. The little bouncing form beside him was Bonko, a three-legged dog of unknown breeding. 
Ed was all of five feet tall and maybe ninety pounds with full pockets. He wore blue denim overalls, a faded North Carolina Tar Heels sweatshirt, and a red hunter’s cap like the one worn by Elmer Fudd. Chugging up the hill to the house, the breath-vapor rising from his mouth made him look like The Little Engine That Could. When he got within earshot, he started waving his arms and calling out, “Kevin! Kevin!” 
Ed called everyone Kevin. Rick knew there must be a good story behind it, and maybe one day he would get around to asking, but for now he decided to let it remain one of life’s great mysteries. 
“Good morning, Ed. What brings you and Bonko out on such a cold morning?”
“Kevin! You gotta come quick. Quick! QUICK!” The little dog tried to bark, but he could only manage something that sounded like a sick walrus. 
“How ’bout a cup of coffee first?” Rick asked. Ed never turned down coffee. 
“Oh,” Ed dug a finger deep into his ear and started to say something, but interrupted himself by shaking his head. “No, no, no time for that. Come on. Come On!” 
The locals said Ed Tyler was the way he was from years of living alone, but no one could remember how or when the old guy came to live in the trailer that seemed to grow out of the earth in the southeast corner of the Blackwell Ranch. Rick inquired about him before he bought the place, but no matter who he talked to, he always got the same answer: “That’s just old Ed Tyler. He’s harmless. After awhile, you won’t even know he’s there.” It was the same kind of logic he got from a realtor who sold him a house next to a freeway. After several attempts to get the story, Rick gave up asking and just accepted Ed as part of the deal—like everything else left on the property by the previous owner. Over the years, Rick got used to Ed and didn’t mind so much when the old guy came around, which was only about once or twice a month. 
By the look on Ed’s face, Rick could tell something had rattled his cage. He set his mug on the deck rail and jogged down to meet him. “What is it?” 
As Rick approached, the hair on Bonko’s back raised up and the muscles in his muzzle began to twitch. He bared his teeth like a rabid badger, but made no sound. 
“Come!” Ed snapped. 
For an old guy, Ed was surprisingly quick. For a three-legged dog, Bonko was able to hold his own. Rick followed the pair across the driveway and out onto the snow-covered desert. They walked for several minutes. Ed was muttering to himself something indiscernible, and Bonko was making an unnatural grunting sound. Rick was beginning to feel the effects of the cold air in his lungs and he knew it must be even harder on his two companions.
When they finally reached the fence line, Ed grabbed Rick by the arm and began pulling him along with surprising force. After another quarter mile, Rick could see where Ed was leading him. A five-foot section of the fence was smashed to pieces. When they finally reached the breach, all three of them were breathing hard. Ed pointed to the break and Bonko commenced to sniffing.
Rick took a few steps closer and stopped. There, where the fence had once been, was a crater about five feet in diameter littered with splintered pieces of fence rail. In the center of the crater, half buried, was an object about the size and shape of a basketball. It was caked with dirt and it looked like it had been scorched. Rick knelt down to get a closer look. 
“You think it’s a meteor?” Rick asked. 
“Ain’t no meteor,” Ed replied, kneeling down beside him.
“What else could it be?” 
“Don’t know, but I got an idea ’bout where it come from.” 
Rick looked around at the surrounding ground for tracks. There were none. Then he looked up. “I’d say it came from the sky. It must have fallen out of an airplane.” 
Ed looked up and scanned the blue sky. “Yup. That’s where it come from alright. Commies maybe.” 
Bonko conjured up a menacing growl that was quickly interrupted by a coughing fit.
“Communists?” Rick said. “Ed, you do know the Cold War is over, don’t you?”
Ed gave him the squint-eye. “Uh, huh. And I’m guessin’ you believe America won it.” 
Rick knew better than to respond. He was not in the mood for another one of Ed Tyler’s conspiracy theories.  
Ed shook his head and muttered something under his breath about public education. “Then again,” Ed said as he leaned in closer to the object. “Could be aliens.” 
Bonko let out a faint yelp and scampered off.
Rick watched the little creature go. For a three-legged dog, he was quite agile. Then he turned his attention back to Ed, who was standing and looking up into the sky. 
“Just a matter of time now,” Ed said in a spooky sort of way. “Just a matter of time.” Then he looked down at the still kneeling Rick and said in his normal voice, “I’ll take that coffee now.” 
Rick stood to his feet and brushed his hands on his pants. Turning around, he found Ed already on his way back to the house. 
Rick didn’t think much more about the broken fence or the strange object responsible for the damage. He would call Burt Cooper, a handyman who lived at the ranch during the summers and came in occasionally throughout the rest of the year as needed, to come out and fill in the crater and repair the fence. That section of the ranch was not in use, so there was no danger of any cattle getting out. Rick had a more pressing matter on his mind: The deadline for the final draft of his first book. He spent the rest of the day locked away in his study. 
Later that evening, he told Jane about the fence and how Ed thought it was the work of either Communists or aliens. They had a good laugh about it and then spent the rest of the evening talking about a hundred other things, including the new addition to their family due in six months. Sleep came easily for both of them just as it always did in their home on the range. Maybe it was the clean air or maybe it was nothing more than the contentment that comes when everything seems to be as it should.



Sunday mornings were usually quiet at the Blackwell Ranch. Jane would soon be heading into town for church, leaving Rick at least four hours of solitude; more than enough time to put the finishing touches on his manuscript and email it back to his publisher before the Monday morning deadline. He might even have time to go back out to the site of his wrecked fence and take another look at the object at the bottom of the crater. 
Rick was already in the kitchen when Jane appeared. Staring intently at the coffee maker with cup in hand, he looked like a sprinter in the blocks waiting for the bang of the starter’s pistol. Jane crept up behind him and slipped her arms around his waist. 
“Oh, hey!” Rick jumped and dropped his cup, sending it bouncing across the kitchen counter. He turned around in her arms to face her. “Jeez, Jane, you scared the Vitamin C right out of me.” 
“Maybe you should be drinking orange juice instead of that stuff.” She nodded toward the coffee maker. 
“That stuff is Fred & Lulu’s Roguish Mountain lend.” 
“Oh, I see your Coffee of the Month delivery came.” 
“Yeah, it arrived yesterday. Want to try some?”
“Ugh, not on your life. If you want to kiss me, you better do it now before you pollute yourself.” 
Rick pretended to ponder his options. “Hmm.” 
Jane pulled his face close to hers and planted a long, passionate kiss full on his lips. She let the kiss linger until she was sure he had forgotten all about Fred & Lulu’s Roguish Mountain Blend. Then, as cool as a cat, she pulled away from him, unhooked his arms from around her waist and announced, “Gotta go.” 
“You are too cruel.” 
“You could come with me, you know.” 
Rick turned his attention back to the coffee machine. It was burping out the last few drops. He said nothing.
“You’d like the new preacher,” Jane said casually.
“Doubt it.” 
“He’s different.” Jane wanted to say more, but she was afraid it might cause him to start thinking about the disaster that happened the last time he went to church with her. 
Rick wanted to fire back, but he didn’t want to think about the disaster either. “I’ve got work to do.” 
“I see.” Jane slipped her arms back around Rick’s waist and rested her head on his shoulder. “Hey,” she said after taking a moment to regroup, “they’re going to love your book. I know I do.” She could feel the tension melt as Rick faced her again.
“Thanks.” 
“How about one more for the road.” She flashed him the sly, crooked grin that first caught his attention years ago in the cafeteria at the university. 
“It is pretty cold outside,” Rick noted.
“Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow!” 
They kissed again. This time it was for real. Then Jane laid her head on Rick’s chest and rested in his embrace. “Maybe I could skip today.” 
Rick wanted more than anything to spend the morning with her, but in spite of his own religious reservations, he knew church was important to her and she would regret not going. “You wouldn’t be trying to tempt me now, would you? You know I have to finish those edits before tomorrow.” 
“I know,” Jane said in a pouting voice. 
“I tell you what,” Rick said. “You go and I’ll finish while you’re gone. Then we can have the rest of the day together. I’ll have a fire set when you get back. Maybe we can watch a movie or something.” 
“That sounds nice.” She hugged him once more before putting on her heavy coat and gloves.
“Be careful. The bridges will be icy.” 
“I will.” Jane lingered at the door. “I hope your editing goes well.” 
“Thanks. There’s not much left.” 
“And don’t drink too much of that Fred & Wilma stuff.” 
“You mean Fred & Lulu’s.” 
“Whatever.” 
It might have been the glow of anticipated motherhood or the crooked grin or the fact that he thought Jane was especially attractive in her winter parka, but Rick found it difficult to let her go. “Hey, you better get out of here before I talk you into staying.” 
“Okay, okay, I’m going.” She stepped through the door and out into the cold. “Love you,” she called over her shoulder.
“Love you, too.” He watched her until her Jeep disappeared around the curve by the barn.
Rick took his time getting to work. He drank a cup of Fred & Lulu’s while he thumbed through a hiking magazine. After refilling his cup again, he stepped out onto the back deck and let the cold morning air fill his lungs. 
The sky was its usual deep blue. A thin white line was etching its way westward. It was too high for Rick to make out the airplane, but he imagined the passengers peering down at him through the tiny windows. He knew they could not see him, but he waved anyway. He followed the line until it reached far into the west, maybe as far as Nevada. Several unrelated thoughts passed through his mind before an involuntary shiver brought him back. Both he and his coffee were cold, so Rick returned to the warmth of his house and set himself to the task at hand. 
When he finally settled down at his computer, he discovered there was far less work to do than he thought. In less than an hour, he was finished and ready to send his manuscript to his publisher. He started to click the send icon, but something didn’t feel quite right. As he stared at the blinking cursor, he thought of the passengers on the jet. He thought about how maybe someday some of them might read his book never knowing that its author watched them fly by. He knew it was silly, but he often thought about the ironies of life and the many connections that existed unbeknownst to those connected. 
He looked at the cursor again and tried to capture the feeling of the moment. With the click of a button, two years of work would be done. His book—his baby—would be in the care of his publisher, the printers, the distribution warehouses, and then bookstores around the country. He felt a wave of nausea come over him and he wondered if that was how parents feel the day they send their child to school. Finally, with all the courage and trepidation of a novice parent, he clicked his book into the hands of strangers. 
Rick didn’t know what to do now that the deed was done. Had this been the old days, the finished manuscript would have been delivered in person. There would have been smiles and handshakes and a verbal “Thank You” or “Good Job.” Maybe there would have been a congratulatory toast or a celebration dinner. But in the modern world, no one had time for such extravagances. The only acknowledgment Rick received was a pre-programmed, “Message Sent.” 
Left wanting by the cold efficiency of it all, he pushed back in his chair and stood to his feet. He decided to take a walk and let the frigid air revive him. At least that was supposed to be cold. As he stepped out onto his back deck, he thought of what Ed Tyler found. 


Chapter 2:
Gesundheit


Rick was outside no longer than a few minutes when he noticed the contrail of another jet. This was not unusual, for the skies over Wyoming were often crisscrossed with jets destined for places like Seattle, Salt Lake City, Reno, Las Vegas, and San Francisco to the west and everywhere else to the east. These jets were always very high, and their contrails were arrow strait. What Rick saw was different. This jet was much lower, and its contrail was arcing in a great circle that suggested it was making an approach to land. But where? The airports in Riverton to the south and Casper to the east did not accommodate jets.  
Rick continued to watch the mystery plane descend lower and lower, its contrail now spiraling around on itself. He suspected the plane must be in some sort of trouble. When it disappeared behind a hill, he braced himself for the sound of impact or maybe even an explosion. He waited a full minute, but there was no report. All was quiet, and the winds were beginning to erase the jet’s imprint upon the sky. 
Suspecting the worst, Rick raced back into the house, grabbed the keys to his pickup, and tore out of his parking spot beside the house. All he could think of was that the plane might have crashed and there might be injured people. Given the fact that there were probably only two people within a twenty mile radius, and the other one was Ed Tyler, it was likely Rick was the only witness to the crash and therefore the only one who could help. He pushed the old truck to its limits, dodging potholes, spraying gravel and dirt around curves, and startling the horses as he sped past the barn. When he got to the end of his mile-long driveway, he rumbled across the cattle grate and squealed out onto the paved main road. As he raced along the deserted highway, he kept his eyes trained on the location where he thought the plane went down. So far, there was no trace of smoke. He took that as a good sign. 
Up ahead, the road curved sharply to the left around a large outcropping of rocks that resembled the profile of an old Indian. At any other time, he would have slowed down because it obstructed his view around the curve. He also liked to look upon the rock and pay his respect to the people who lived in this land long before the white man came. But this was not any other time, so he took the curve hard and fast—a little too hard and fast. In the shadow of the outcropping, he failed to notice a patch of ice that spread across the road. With no dry pavement to grab onto, the back wheels spun freely and the rear of the truck began to come around. Rick whipped the steering wheel hard to the right to compensate, but the ice rendered his efforts ineffective. When he came out of the shadow, his tires regained traction and grabbed at the dry road, propelling the truck straight for the embankment on the right. Rick instinctively turned the wheel back to the left, but the truck already slipped off the embankment and was threatening to roll over. He fought to regain control, but could not climb back onto the road. When it finally came to a stop, the truck was a good twenty feet off of the road and resting near a patch of sagebrush. 
Rick let out the breath he had been holding since he hit the ice. He willed his hands to loosen their grip on the steering wheel. 
“That was close,” he said aloud. Then he noticed the engine was still running. He patted the dashboard. “Toyota.” 
Rick shifted the truck into first gear and eased out on the clutch. There was a horrible sound of metal on rock as the truck struggled to dislodge itself from the boulder it was straddling. After a few seconds, the truck rolled forward, free from all obstruction. Rick stopped the truck, opened the door, and leaned down to examine the underside of the truck. Everything appeared to be intact. He patted the dashboard again and cautiously made his way back toward the road. 
Climbing the embankment was no small feat. His first attempt failed, as he did not get enough speed; the back wheels just dug into the dirt. For his second attempt, he got a running start and gunned it at the base of the incline. The little truck attacked the embankment like its monster truck cousins, sending a torrent of rocks and dirt thirty feet behind it. The engine whined, and for a moment Rick wasn’t sure he was going to make it. Then, as if the truck had something to prove, it shot up and over the edge and back onto the flat road. Rick slammed on the brakes to keep the truck from shooting across the road and down into the ditch on the other side. When he finally came to a stop, all sense of triumph was displaced by what he saw not a hundred yards in front of him.  
There, in the middle of the road, was the jet. It was sitting there as if on display. There was no sign of damage or anything else that would suggest an emergency landing. Rick eased the truck to within thirty feet of the plane and turned off the engine. The silence was the first thing he noticed. There was no sound whatsoever coming from the jet. Its engines had been shut down. Rick got out of his truck, but resisted the impulse to approach the aircraft. Something did not seem right, and since there was no immediate sign of damage, he assumed the jet’s occupants were in no immediate danger.
Now that he was close enough to get a good look at the jet, he began to take note of its features. Rick inherited his father’s enthusiasm for aircraft (they used to go to the annual air show when he was a kid) and he was familiar with most military and civilian aircraft designs. What he saw before him bore some similarity to a military jet, but it looked more like the experimental crafts he had seen in Popular Science Magazine. It had the basic shape of a fighter jet, but it was much larger. It could have easily accommodated a crew of ten. The fuselage looked like a squashed cylinder, narrow at the front and widening toward its rear. The wings were wedge-shaped, but they did not extend very far out from the body. In fact, they did not appear to be large enough to support a craft of its size. Rick guessed they might have been retracted, but he could not tell for sure. The tail section was most unusual. It was shaped like an inverted V, the point rising only a few feet above the back of the fuselage. The landing gear was also unconventional. Instead of wheels, it had skids that reminded Rick of snowshoes. He deduced that the plane must have the ability to take off and land vertically, like a Harrier Jet. The entire craft was flat black with no markings whatsoever, and its surface was seamless like it had been pressed out of a single piece of steel. There were no rivets or panels of any kind; there weren’t even any windows. The craft looked more like an artist’s conception of a futuristic spy plane than anything Rick had seen in reality.  
Rick suspected he was looking at some kind of experimental craft, perhaps the world’s largest drone. It probably had some kind of mechanical malfunction and had to make an emergency landing. This thought made Rick nervous. For if this were the case, the military probably did not want his civilian eyes checking out their secret weapon. Scenes from several movies flashed through his mind—black SUV’s coming out of nowhere or maybe a black helicopter; men in dark suits with sunglasses and guns; no words, just strong hands and menacing faces. And then he would be gone, never to be seen or heard from again. He suddenly thought of Ed Tyler and wished he were there. He also thought about getting back into his truck and making a run for it, but then he remembered such desperate moves never worked in the movies. His Toyota was a good truck, but it would be no match for a military hit squad. 
He could have stood there all day, terrifying himself with a hundred different scenarios, each one worse than the one before, but his thoughts were starting to sound a little too much like Ed Tyler’s. He debated which was worse, to inadvertently stumble upon a secret military project or find himself in one of Ed Tyler’s crazy conspiracy theories. He decided the secret military scenario would be the easiest to get out of. It wasn’t like he was trespassing on a government installation. This was a public highway. Besides, what had he seen? Just an aircraft. Certainly, that was not enough to be deemed a threat to national security. If he wasn’t supposed to see it, he would apologize and go home. On the other hand, if the crew (if there was a crew) were in any real distress, perhaps he could be of assistance. When he thought of it that way, his being there was actually his patriotic duty. 
Rick was just starting to feel better about the whole thing when he heard a loud clank and a whirring sound from the craft. All of his imaginations ceased and his curiosity took over. He slowly approached the craft until he was about ten feet from the nose. From this vantage point he could see movement beneath the craft. A hatch opened and a ladder was being extended to the road.  
Before Rick had time to decide whether to retreat or hold his ground, a black boot emerged from the hatch and stepped onto the top rung. Slowly, haltingly, another boot appeared and fumbled around until it found the next rung down. Rick was transfixed by the effort being exerted to descend the ladder. It was as if the person was exhausted or sick or perhaps drunk. When the figure reached the bottom rung, it hesitated as if unsure about taking the final step to the ground. Then, with all the care of a person walking out over a frozen pond, it placed one foot onto the road and then the other. 
From where he stood, Rick judged there to be about six feet of clearance between the road and the bottom of the craft. He was surprised that the head of the figure was still concealed within the hatch. Rick guessed the person (most likely male) had to be nearly seven feet tall—much too tall for a fighter pilot. 
The man, still holding firmly to the ladder, ducked down out of the hatch. He was wearing a helmet—flat black like the aircraft, but with a visor as reflective as a mirror. It was a good thing he was wearing a helmet because as soon as he had taken his first step, he raised up and smacked his head against the underside of the craft. The concussion must have jarred him because he immediately started to wobble. Rick thought the guy’s knees were going to buckle, but he managed to steady himself with the ladder. 
“You alright there, buddy?” Rick called out.
There was no reply. With head bent low, the man made his way out from beneath the craft and stood to his full height. Now Rick was sure he was at least seven feet tall. 
“Hey,” Rick said, waving nonchalantly in an attempt to hide the feeling of intimidation that was welling up inside.
Still, there was no reply. The mysterious figure just stood there looking at Rick. A moment later he raised his hand in imitation of Rick’s wave. 
Rick was about to say something else when he noticed another boot emerge from the hatch. A second figure began descending the ladder in the same slow, cautious fashion as the first. When he reached the bottom rung, his boot slipped off and he landed hard onto the asphalt with a bone-jarring jolt. The shock caused his knees to fold and he hit the road with a thud. There was an audible muffled grunt. 
Rick cringed, as he knew the guy had to be in pain. He took a step toward the downed man, but stopped short as the man’s partner had already returned to assist him. With some degree of effort, the two black clad figures climbed back out from beneath the craft and stood silently next to the wing. The second figure was just as tall as the first. 
Rick tried a third time to communicate. “Is he okay?”
Again, there was no reply.
Rick’s mind was working fast to make sense of what he was seeing–a futuristic aircraft in the desert, freakishly tall pilots wearing bulky black outfits that reminded Rick of the snowsuit he wore as a kid, and behavioral evidence that suggested there might be a party going on inside the plane. He was beginning to suspect this might be some sort of practical joke. But for whom? It wasn’t like there was a crowd of people out there to entertain. If this was a Candid Camera gag, the set­up crew did a poor job choosing the location. A quick scan of the area revealed no hidden cameras, so he dismissed the idea. As curiosity trumped caution, he took a few steps directly toward the two men.
When he got to within five feet of them, caution kicked in again as he realized just how big they were. He stopped when he had to tilt his head back in order to look at their helmets. All he could see was a distorted reflection of himself in the reflective visors. He felt small and vulnerable. Then it occurred to him that there might be more of these giants inside the craft. If they meant to harm him, there would be absolutely nothing he could do to defend himself. Suddenly, one of Ed Tyler’s wild stories popped into his mind, forcing him to take a step back. 
“C-can I help you guys?” Rick asked, trying to sound confident. 
He half-expected more of the same silent treatment, but this time there was a response. The man closest to Rick reached up and touched a button on the side of his helmet. With a click and a hiss, he began to lift the helmet from his head. Rick steeled himself for something, but he didn’t know what. Most likely, it would be the brutish face of a soldier ready to read him the riot act. The reality was something altogether different. 
Outside the protective environment of his helmet, the man winced in the bright sunlight and lifted his hand to shield his eyes. Rick could see that the corners of the man’s mouth were raised, not in a grimace, but a broad friendly smile. After a few seconds the man lowered his hand and looked at Rick through deep blue eyes that somehow seemed part of the smile. His expression was that of a child at Christmas—happy anticipation. But there was something else about the man that caused all of Rick’s apprehension to melt away. He did not know how he knew it, but he was certain the man meant him no harm. 
“Hello,” Rick said. This time his confidence was genuine. He offered the stranger his hand.
The man looked down at Rick’s hand, but did not take it. Still smiling, he closed his eyes, tilted his head back, and took a deep breath through his mouth. He held it in for a moment and then let it out. He took another deep breath, this time through his nose, and held it again. Suddenly, the smile faded and a look of concern came over him. He wrinkled his nose, took three rapid shallow breaths, and sneezed very loudly. His partner flinched and reached toward him as if to steady him. The sneeze was violent enough to dislodge a long mane of dark brown hair that had been gathered and tucked down the back of his suit. When the man straightened up, his eyes widened with surprise and his hair fell loosely down around his shoulders. He shook his head, wrinkled his nose again, and wiped the tears that were flowing freely down his cheeks. His partner placed a hand on his shoulder, but he waved him off. After a few exaggerated blinks of the eyes and another rubbing of the nose, the smile returned to his face. 
“Gesundheit,” Rick said. 
“Gaw-zoon-tight,” the man repeated slowly. He had an accent that Rick did not recognize. 
Rick was so fascinated by the man that he did not notice the third figure climbing out from beneath the craft or the fourth descending the ladder. When they joined the others, Rick noticed they were not quite as tall; maybe just a few inches taller than himself. And there was something else different about them, but it was impossible to tell since they were dressed in the same bulky outfits. 
The man who had already removed his helmet turned to the others and said something that sounded like, “Three banjos.” The others responded by tapping the sides of their helmets. There were more clicks and hisses as helmets were being removed. 
Rick’s jaw dropped as he discovered what it was about the last two figures. They were women, but not just women. In addition to their Amazonian height, they were drop-dead gorgeous. 
Now Rick Blackwell was undeniably a one-woman man; hopelessly, helplessly, head-over-heals in love with his wife. He was not one to look at other women, but he could not keep himself from staring at them. A pang of guilt sparked in his mind, but it was quickly extinguished by something he would not begin to understand for quite some time. While he was certainly aware of their unusual physical beauty, his attraction to them was not quite like when he was a young single man looking for a good time. In fact, whatever it was that attracted him to the two women was equally strong in the two men. This thought was as disconcerting to him as was the guilt, but it too quickly faded and was replaced by a sense of genuine fondness.
After a fair amount of nose twitching and eye blinking, the four strangers fixed their gazes upon Rick. Their stares were so intense upon him that he had to look away. It wasn’t a sense of threat or even intimidation that he felt, but more like a sense of vulnerability. While he did not believe in such things, he felt as if they were reading his thoughts. Rick unconsciously began to fidget with his keys, which drew the attention of all four strangers. The one Rick assumed to be the leader seemed to pick up on Rick’s unease and took a step toward him with his hand outstretched. 
“Gaw-zoon-tight,” the tall man said.
The man’s voice broke the tension, making Rick feel better. He looked up into the man’s face to see the same friendly smile he saw before. Rick grasped the man’s hand; it felt huge compared to his own. He tried to shake it, but the hand was immovable and it had no grip whatsoever. After a moment, Rick felt the grip tighten slightly and he knew the man could easily crush his hand if he wanted to. 
“Gaw-zoon-tight,” the man repeated, gesturing toward him with a nod. 
“Se habla Espanol?” Rick replied. It was the only thing he could remember from his high school Spanish class. Relieved that the man did not respond with a barrage of Spanish he would not have understood, he played his only other non-English speaking card. “You speaka da English?”
The man chuckled and turned toward the others who were watching the exchange with great interest. He said something that elicited laughter from them and they formed a semi-circle around Rick. There were smiles all around and various forms of “Gesundheit” as each one took turns holding Rick’s hand. Rick’s only option, it seemed, was to laugh along with them and shake each hand; though he had no idea what was so funny.  


Chapter 3:
Falling Off the Edge


Russians. That was Rick’s first guess, but now that he took a closer look at them he wasn’t so sure. All of them had the same olive complexion and similar facial features—exotic, perhaps Mediterranean or maybe a mixture of Asian and something else. And they all had longish hair that, except for their leader’s, remained neatly tucked down the backs of their flight-suits. The attribute he could not reconcile in his mind was their height. He had seen a documentary on the Discovery Channel about a condition called gigantism and he knew that those who suffered from it exhibited some distinct characteristics: Pronounced brow ridge, elongated jaw, and curvature of the legs and arms. These people had none of these traits. They were perfectly proportioned and good looking; and they appeared to be as fit as athletes. Rick imagined that in their own country they might be celebrities. Unable to think of any other ethnic group known for its unusual height or a country that possessed the ability to produce an aircraft so advanced, he settled on his first guess. They had to be Russians. 
Somewhere in the back of his mind, he heard Ed Tyler’s voice from the day before: “Commies maybe.” For a brief instant there was a flicker of plausibility to the suggestion. But then he saw the two men grasping each other by the hand and saying, “Gaw-zoon-tight” over and over. Commies, he mused. Communists wouldn’t act like that. 
Then again, who would? The entire situation just did not fit into the context of Rick’s world. Here was a futuristic airplane, piloted by a crew of freakishly tall, yet stunningly attractive people who were just a little too excited about landing out in the middle of nowhere. 
They were like children, Rick thought, but not in the way adults find annoying or inappropriate. No, it was more like how children are naturally curious and unashamedly enthusiastic about everything. It was as if everything was new to them. Everything they saw, every rock and shrub, was like a rare treasure. One of them found a stick and happily showed it to the others. Another had gotten a handful of dirt and was letting it trickle though his fingers, watching with fascination the affect of the breeze as it blew it away. Interestingly, they did not seem to notice the majestic Rocky Mountains in the distance or the nearby entrance to a canyon. Every few moments, one of them would try to look up into the sky, but then they would squint and shield their eyes as if it were too bright to look at. A jet flew high overhead. It was too high for Rick to hear its engines, but all four of the strangers looked up at once and squinted in its general direction. Then they dismissed it, apparently unable to see it though its contrail shown silvery against the clear blue sky. Like children in a toy store, they rushed from one new discovery to the next as if there wasn’t time enough to see them all. Still, they maintained a constant awareness of Rick. Every few seconds, one of them would smile at him and call out, “Gaw-zoon-tight!”
This continued for several minutes until one of them, the smiling leader, motioned for Rick to join him by the side of the road. Rick discovered that he used a stick to draw something in the dirt. The man knelt down and, after making sure Rick was watching, retraced it. Then, pointing to one particular design, he said in clear English, “Peace.” 
Rick blinked in astonishment. So the guy did know some English. But what surprised him more was the image the man was pointing to. It was a peace sign.  
“Okay,” Rick said. “Peace.” 
The man smiled at Rick and repeated, “Peace.” Then he retraced another image, a wavy line. He pointed at it and said, “Riffer.” 
“Riffer?” Rick studied the image. “Oh, you mean river.” He moved his hand in a wavy motion. “River.” 
The man studied Rick’s hand. Mimicking the motion with his own hand, he said in a voice that sounded very much like Rick’s voice, “River.” 
“Now we’re getting somewhere,” Rick said as an idea formed in his mind. He knelt down next to the man and used his finger to sketch out a fairly good representation of the aircraft. By now the others gathered around them and were watching with great interest. When he was finished, Rick pointed to the picture he had just drawn and then to the real aircraft. “Airplane,” he said.
“Airplane,” all four repeated in unison.
“That’s right, airplane.” He buzzed his lips and made a motion with his hand to illustrate an airplane landing.  
The others imitated him, but the looks on their faces suggested they were not making the connection. 
“Never mind,” Rick said, “that was a prop plane, anyway.” 
“Never mind,” said one of the women, “that was a prop plane, anyway.” Her English was perfect without a hint of accent, and her voice inflection was a near perfect match of Rick’s.
Rick spun around in surprise. The reply sounded so natural, yet it was obvious she had no comprehension of the meaning of her words. 
Compared to “Gaw-zoon-tight” this was progress, but if all they did was mimic, there was not much hope for any real communication. Rick thought for a moment and then turned back to his makeshift sketchpad. He drew a large circle and outlined the shape of the continents in the western hemisphere. When he was finished, he waved his hand above North America and said, “America.” Next, he tapped the region of the west and said, “Wyoming.” Then, gesturing around at the surrounding dessert, he repeated, “Wyoming.” Rick was hoping the man would understand his intention and follow suit by indicating where they came from. What he got was something Rick did not expect.
The man studied Rick’s drawing for a moment and then smoothed out a spot beneath it. His excitement was evident as he drew a large circle with several small circles in a straight line to the right. He tapped the first small circle and flashed a wide grin at Rick. Glancing back at his drawing, he tapped the second circle and turned back to Rick, still smiling. Then, very deliberately, he tapped the third circle and said, “Earth.” He tapped Rick’s drawing and his voice intensified with excitement: “Earth.” Finally, he waved his hand toward the surrounding landscape and nearly shouted, “Earth!”
It was a full minute before the implication of what Rick had just witnessed began to sink in. Even then it was too fantastic to believe. In fact, he refused to believe it. There had to be some other explanation—a joke, a mistake, a military experiment gone horribly wrong. Or maybe he was dreaming. Or—dread thoughts raced through his mind: What if that close call in the truck wasn’t just a close call, but a real accident? What if I hadn’t been able to keep the truck from rolling over? What if I’m unconscious or wandering around in the desert delirious from a head injury? What if this is just a hallucination? What if…what if I’m dead? 
He closed his eyes tight and pressed his temples with the palms of his hands. Of all the possible scenarios, he was hoping it was just a dream. That had to be it. On the count of three he would open his eyes and find himself back in his bed. 
One…two…three…wake up! Rick opened one eye and saw four giants smiling at him.
“Gaw-zoon-tight,” the tall man said, his hand extended. 
Rick’s mind quickly checked off his list of possibilities. He had never dreamed about dreaming, so he could only assume he wasn’t dreaming now. Death and hallucination would be impossible to test, so he quickly dismissed those two options. Nobody would go to such elaborate lengths to play a joke on one man out in the middle of nowhere. The behavior of the giants cast a considerable shadow of doubt on the theory that they were military, at least not any military he knew of. Not only that, they did not seem to be in any distress, so even if their landing in the desert was a mistake, it was not a serious one. That left only one possibility and his mind refused to form the mental words for it. It just was not possible. 
From a dark corner of Rick’s mind, a section reserved for those thoughts he kept under close wraps, came a voice. It was the raspy voice of Ed Tyler: Then again, could be aliens. 
Try as he might to put the thought away, it refused to obey. Like a caged animal set free, the thought ran freely through his mind, becoming more bold with each echo of its unbelievable suggestion: Then again, could be aliens. If he had not known better, Rick would have thought Ed was standing right there with him. He could almost smell the old guy’s pungent cologne. 
“Okay, okay,” Rick said as he regained his composure.  
The leader of the giants was still smiling with his hand extended toward him. 
Rick was halfway to belief, but there was still a chance everything could go back to the way it was. He had one more play. 
“Wait right here.” Rick ran the short distance back to his truck and rummaged through the debris behind the seat until he found a crumpled up atlas of the world. Thumbing through the dirty and bent pages as he walked back to the alie…tall people, he found the page depicting all the continents of the world. Handing it to the leader of the crew, he pointed to North America.
The smiling man looked at the map and proudly proclaimed, “Wyoming.” 
“Well, actually...okay, yes, Wyoming.” Rick pointed again at the map, then to the surrounding area, and finally to himself. “This…all this is Wyoming. I…” He patted his chest again. “I am from Wyoming.” Then, with a degree of apprehension, he put his hand close to the leader’s chest as if intending to pat it. 
The leader must have understood Rick’s intention. Still smiling, he grabbed Rick’s hand and pulled it to his own chest. 
“Yes,” Rick said, nodding. He placed his free hand on his own chest and said, “I am from Wyoming.” Then patting the leader’s chest, he said, “And you are from…” He gestured toward the atlas with a nod of his head. He slowly removed his hand from the leader and placed it on the atlas. Tapping his finger on Russia, he continued, “…Russia?” Rick’s heart was pounding in anticipation. Common sense said anyone capable of piloting an aircraft of any kind had to have some geographic knowledge. 
The leader did understand. He handed the atlas to Rick and led him back to the sketches in the dirt. Pointing to the third small circle and then to Rick, he said, “Earth.” Then, after he pointed to himself and the others and their aircraft, he took the stick and began drawing a line in the dirt. The line extended far beyond the rest of the circles he had drawn. 
Rick stared at the line in the dirt for a long time. He could hear Ed Tyler laughing in his head. Suddenly, he felt himself teetering on the edge of belief. As the edges of his field of vision began to blur, he heard another voice in his head—it was the voice of his college philosophy professor: 
It’s not always easy to believe. Sure, there are many things we accept without giving them much thought at all. When we were children we even believed fantastic things. But when it comes to something that carries with it extreme implications, belief can be a fight. This is especially true if the new belief requires us to accept something we’ve always rejected as false or rejecting something we’ve always accepted as true. We may encounter such life-changing moments only once or twice in a lifetime, but when we do, we find ourselves in the thick of a mental battle between two opposing forces. Part of us wants to reject the new idea in order to maintain the old system. We are wooed by the comfort, security, and familiarity of all that we have ever known. But another part of us wants to give in, to accept the new idea and all the changes that accompany it. Both parts know that a decision must be made, a threshold must be crossed, a new reality must be entered from which there is no return. This wrestling of the mind, and that is exactly what it is, can be exhausting. It can even manifest itself in physical ways. 
Everything in Rick’s world began to tilt and swirl. The muscles in his legs began to relax. Although he could not at that moment reason through this mental struggle, he was all too aware of its weight upon him. He had heard the stories of those who claimed to have had just this sort of close encounter, but he never believed them. In fact, he questioned the very sanity of those who believed in such fantasy. After all, it was the stuff of science fiction. But now, with the evidence smiling at him, his fundamental view of the universe was being called into question. 
After what seemed like a very long time, but in actuality was only a few seconds, Rick let go and tumbled over the edge. Mentally spent, his brain directed his last bit of energy to bodily preservation. Just before he fainted he managed to reach out toward the very thing he had not wanted to embrace. Then everything went black.
The smiling man caught Rick and gently lowered him to the ground. Then, placing his large hand upon Rick’s head, he closed his eyes and spoke words in a language that had never been heard in Rick’s world. 


Chapter 4:
Like Waking from a Dream


As Rick was in the process of regaining consciousness, the particulars of the moment came to him one at a time. The first thing he noticed was how good he felt, like the third morning of the best seven-day vacation ever. The second thing was the faintest recollection of the strangest dream he’d ever had. It was blurry and disjointed, but it had something to do with an airplane out in the desert and a freakishly tall guy with a goofy grin. Must have been all that cheese I ate last night, he thought. The third thing he noticed was the chill in the room. Shivering, he reached for the blanket, but came up empty-handed. Jane must have left a window open again; and she’s hogging the covers. The fourth thing that occurred to him was the brightness. Even though he had not yet opened his eyes, he could tell the sun was shining directly in through the window. 
“Jane, would you mind closing the curtains?” Rick squeezed his eyes shut tighter. Then the light dimmed as a shadow fell across his face. “Thanks, honey.” He let his eyelids relax, but kept them closed.
“Thanks, honey,” replied a soft and sultry voice. 
The voice was so close that Rick could feel her breath upon his cheek. It was warm and pleasant. He could also feel her hair tickling his forehead. “Jane,” he said playfully.
“Jane,” replied the voice, imitating his exact inflection.
The fifth thing that occurred to Rick was that the voice did not belong to his wife. He snapped open his eyes and gasped. There, not six inches away from his own face, was a pair of the most mesmerizing eyes he had ever seen. Dark brown, almost black, with flecks of luminous gold, they looked as if they might have been digitally enhanced. And the face to which they belonged had an exotic look—olive complexion and striking features framed with a cascade of silky dark brown hair. 
He tried to pull back, only to find the pavement beneath his head would not allow it. The woman slowly backed away, but she held her gaze firmly upon him as if she were looking at the answer to a long mystery. Although he was now aware that he was outside, that detail became irrelevant in comparison to the woman before him. She was stunningly beautiful, to say the least, but there was something else about her that made it impossible for him to avert his eyes. Had she been some random woman in a restaurant or on a bus, Rick would have immediately turned away, but something was overriding his sense of propriety. All he could do was stare. 
After what seemed like a very long time, the woman stood up to her full height (about six inches taller than Rick) and held her hand out to him. Her grip was surprisingly strong, and Rick felt the bones in his hand shift as she lifted him to his feet. Standing before him, with the sun behind her creating a halo-like glow around her long dark mane, she looked like an Amazon Warrior Princess. Not that Rick had ever actually seen an Amazon Warrior Princess, but that’s what he imagined one would look like. 
It was at that moment that everything came rushing back to him—the beautiful woman in her bulky flight suit, the strange aircraft, and the others. Others? Where were the others? Rick took a step backward and bumped into the answer. The other three had been standing right behind him the whole time. The one with the goofy grin was smiling from ear to ear. “Gesundheit!” he said and his smile became even broader. 
Rick thought he might pass out again, but he held it together. Shaking his head, he sidestepped away from them. This can’t be real, he thought. But as he ran through his mental list, it was the only option that made sense. He started to laugh at the lunacy of it. How could aliens be the only thing that made any sense? “This is crazy!” he shouted. “How could…?” 
“This is crazy!” echoed the grinning man.
“How could,” said the other man. 
Rick did a double-take at the alien parrots. Then he made his final argument as to why they simply could not be who he just admitted they were: “It’s just not possible!” It was his last ditch effort to preserve the worldview he had held his entire life, but he came up short. He had nothing else to say. There they were—beings that shouldn’t be—undeniably there.
“It’s just not possible!” the woman with the brown and gold eyes said in an exact imitation of Rick’s voice inflection.  
Okay, Rick thought to himself, I’m just going to have to say it. He walked up to the grinning man, looked him square in the face and said, “You, my friend, are a…” The word wouldn’t come out.
“You, my friend, are a,” the grinning man said. His grin was now a toothy smile.
Rick shook his head and held up his hand. Then, clearing his throat, he tried again, “You are a very, very tall…alien from another world.” Rick said the last four words so fast that they all ran together. “There, I said it.” He spun around and shouted out into the empty desert, “You’re right, Ed Tyler! I admit it, you were right! Aliens are real and I’ve got four of them right here!” He started laughing because he couldn’t think of anything else to do. 
All four aliens tried to mimic this barrage of new vocabulary, but it came out as a cacophony of gibberish and forced laughter. The scene was so odd that all Rick could do was stare at them. Finally, he threw up his hands and shouted, “Now, what?”   
The other female alien cocked her head, looked directly at Rick and said, “Aliens are real and I’ve got four of them right here.” 
It sounded so intentional and believable that Rick could only respond with, “I know!” 
The odd exchange could have gone on all day, but the four visitors seemed to have gotten their fill of English for a while. With no further attempt to communicate, they turned and headed back to their ship, which was obviously not an airplane.
Thinking they might leave, Rick felt a tinge of disappointment. “Hey, where’re you goin’?”  
It’s funny how quickly the human mind can assimilate new information. Just a few moments earlier, Rick was fighting hard not to believe what he was seeing. Now, he was fearful they might leave so soon. It would be just his luck to make the greatest discovery in history and not be able to prove it. He had no camera, and there was not another soul around for miles who could verify the encounter. Emboldened by his new belief, Rick caught up with them just as they reached the edge of the ship’s wing. 
The grinning man looked down at him and said, “Hey, where’re you goin’?” Then he stooped low and made his way to the ladder.
“Oh, sorry, I was just…” Rick started to answer, but then realized the man was merely parroting the last thing he heard Rick say.
The grinning man climbed the ladder and disappeared through the hatch. The woman with the brown and gold eyes had also crawled beneath the ship and was waiting at the base of the ladder. The other two aliens stood next to Rick, conversing with one another in words Rick had never heard before. When they realized Rick was listening, they interrupted their conversation and smiled at him. The woman said something he thought was intended for him, but the way the man chuckled made him suspect it was actually about him. Rick blushed and turned his attention back to the ladder where a long metallic case was being lowered from the hatch.
The woman grasped the case, but struggled under its weight. Rick hurried to her side and helped her lower it to the ground. She smiled at him in a way that seemed to say thanks. Another case appeared through the hatch and would have crashed to the ground had Rick not grabbed it. He placed it on the ground next to its twin. 
“Thanks, honey,” a masculine voice said.
Rick looked up and saw the grinning man’s head poking through the hatch. Then an arm appeared and made a gesture that Rick took as an invitation to approach. Not knowing whether his interpretation was correct, he glanced toward the woman. She was sitting on one of the cases; she looked tired and had not noticed her companion. He looked toward the other two and saw that something had caught their attention. They were kneeling beside the road, unaware of the activity beneath the ship. When he looked back at the hatch, the grinning man was still waving his arm at him. Rick shrugged and made his way up the ladder. 
The interior of the ship was dark and it felt much smaller than it looked from the outside. Rick waited at the top of the ladder for his eyes to adjust before climbing the rest of the way in. Once inside, he scanned the compartment and was surprised at how un-alien it looked. There was a control console, seating for a crew of six, and a cargo area. The only un-earthly thing about it was what Rick guessed were decorations. The flat surfaces of the walls and ceiling were adorned with lighted symbols, which cast the interior of the ship in a golden glow. The symbols reminded him of the hieroglyphs the ancient Egyptians used to decorate the insides of their temples and tombs. But unlike Egyptian hieroglyphs, these symbols had no correlation to anything in the natural world, at least not anything in Rick’s natural world. 
The grinning man was sitting in what appeared to be the pilot’s seat. He was looking straight ahead at a blank screen and tapping on the armrest of this chair; a flurry of lights danced to the cadence of his drumming. When he saw Rick, he patted the seat next to him and said something in his own language.  
Rick maneuvered his way into the seat. As soon as he sat down, the panel in front of him lit up with symbols and diagrams. Although none of it made sense to him, he thought it was beautiful. He turned toward the grinning man, and when he did, the display vanished. When he faced forward again, the display reappeared. Rick slowly turned his head to the right. The main panel vanished again and a smaller panel to the right of the seat lit up. After a bit of testing, Rick discovered four panels of various sizes and shapes, each one becoming visible only when he looked directly at it. “Cool,” Rick said as he turned his attention back to the main panel.
The grinning man, who’s smile no longer seemed so goofy to Rick, reached forward and touched a symbol on the console. A three-dimensional, basketball-sized image of a planet appeared directly in front of Rick’s eyes. Not recognizing the shapes of any of the land masses, he guessed it might be a depiction of some other planet; perhaps it was the grinning man’s home world. But then something struck him as oddly familiar. He tilted his head first to the left and then to the right. Then it became clear—the unmistakable boot shape of Italy. From there, he could easily recognize the rest of Europe and Africa.  
The image looked real. Every detail looked exactly as he had seen it a thousand times before in books and movies. The continents were clearly recognizable in contrast to the deep blue oceans. As the earth rotated downward, he saw an arc of clouds from a weather system moving toward the northeastern United States. Not only did it look real, it was accurate. Rick saw the same image on The Weather Channel earlier that morning. 
The image began to increase in size, taking up more and more of his field of vision until Rick could no longer see the entire planet without turning his head. It seemed to be growing, or rather his perspective was changing as if he were being pulled into it. He looked up and saw the blackness of space eclipsed by the horizon of the earth. He looked down at his feet and saw beneath them the same effect. That’s when it occurred to him exactly what he was seeing. 
Rick subconsciously tightened his grip on the armrest of his chair as the image turned and flattened out before him. It was like being in a flight simulator, except there was no sound or vibration, and the landscape was as lifelike as if he were actually viewing it from an airplane. Although he could not pinpoint his location, he knew he was somewhere over North America (maybe Canada) and moving west at an incredible rate of speed. He was now low enough to pick out certain land features like mountains and forests, but he had to keep his eyes on the distant horizon because whenever he looked down, the blur of the earth beneath him made him woozy. 
Suddenly, the landscape changed, and Rick gasped as he shot out over the Pacific Ocean. There, over the deep blue expanse, the speed was not so noticeable, but he kept his eyes fixed on the horizon which was starting to tilt. He gripped the armrest even tighter and held his breath as the horizon became nearly vertical. When it flattened out again, he exhaled in a whistle. There before his eyes was the most beautiful postcard-like image of San Francisco he had ever seen. He was much lower than he had expected, and his speed had decreased significantly. He saw boats in the bay and he could even make out cars moving on the Golden Gate Bridge. For a moment, Rick forgot that he was still on the ground in Wyoming. He wondered if the people on the bridge could see him. 
Then without warning, San Francisco disappeared beneath him and the ship was back up to speed. Had he actually been moving, he would have surely been thrown back into his seat. But as it was, his body was not sensing the same information his eyes were relaying to his brain. The sensation was disorienting. He felt a wave of nausea build as he followed Interstate 80 eastward. 
In what seemed like an impossibly short amount of time, he passed just to the north of Sacramento, crossed over the Sierra Nevada, and flew directly over Reno and out over the desert. Within seconds, he spotted what he believed to be Salt Lake City on his right. Continuing along Interstate 80, he was now flying low over the Rocky Mountains into Wyoming. Banking left, he flew north back over the desert. The city of Casper came into view. He recognized Casper Mountain where he and Jane once tried to ski. The image tilted to the left again, and he was flying due west.
Now he was close enough to the ground to see antelope grazing on shrubs along State Road 20 toward Riverton. The Rocky Mountains appeared again on the horizon, and he began to decelerate and descend in a slow counter-clockwise spiral. Finally, his forward movement ceased and he was hovering like a helicopter only a few hundred feet above the ground. He continued his descent until he touched down; then everything came to a stop. In front of him was an image of the road and a little round hill. 
Rick felt as if he just watched a scene from a documentary about Planet Earth. The only thing missing was a stirring soundtrack. He was almost sorry it came to an end. As he stared at the scene in front of him, the documentary turned into an action flick as a white pickup came speeding around the hill and skidded off the road, disappearing over the embankment in a large cloud of dirt. A minute elapsed in real-time before the truck reappeared back onto the road, skidded to a stop, and then rolled to within thirty feet of him. Rick’s mouth fell open as he watched himself get out of his truck.  
As he watched himself walk slowly toward himself, a funny thought came to him: This was the most amazing thing that had ever happened to him (or anyone for that matter), yet all he could think of at the moment was that his wife was right—he really did walk like a cowboy. In the seat next to him, the grinning man was laughing. Did he think Rick walked like a cowboy, too?
“What’s so funny?” Rick said defensively. He was getting used to the man and half expected him to answer. But all he heard the man say was something that sounded like, “Pass the can of peas.” Then the alien got out of his seat, moved to the rear of the ship, and disappeared through the hatch. 
Rick thought it strange that he was left unattended in their ship. It wasn’t like he could steal it, but he was fairly certain he could break something. Looking at all the lighted symbols in front of him, he felt like a little kid again; and being left alone in the alien spaceship was like some kind of cosmic test to see if he could resist the temptation to touch something. Maybe he was over-thinking the situation, but he took it as a gesture of trust. For some reason, that was important to him. Rick took one last look around the ship and reluctantly made his way down the ladder. 
Outside the spaceship, Rick found the four aliens huddled near the tip of the wing. They were engaged in deep conversation, so Rick kept his distance. Watching them, it dawned on him that he had progressed way past shock. In fact, the whole thing now seemed almost normal to him. Actually, normal might be a bit of a stretch, but his skepticism had completely disappeared and he no longer felt even the slightest hint of fear or apprehension. In fact, he was beginning to sense an affinity for them. Rick was not one to accept new ideas without long careful consideration, but these last thirty minutes opened the door to a universe of possibilities, and he had stepped fully across the threshold. It was like waking from a dream. 
Although he could not hear or understand what the aliens were discussing, he could tell it was serious. They were huddled close and speaking with noticeable intensity. His earth-norms made him feel a little awkward for staring at them, but the aliens didn’t seem to mind. Every few seconds one of them would glance toward him and smile. Perhaps privacy was not as important on their world. 
Time didn’t seem to matter much to them, either. They spoke for a very long time, and Rick was starting to get antsy. He wondered if on their world they might have a different perspective on time. Rick, however, was very much a product of Earth culture. Although he and Jane had moved to Wyoming in order to slow down, Rick’s mind was still prone to efficiency. So he used this indeterminate pause to work out a few problems.
First, there was the matter of the ship. Rick was no rocket scientist, but he knew a ship that small was not built for deep space travel. The only solution he could think of was that it was a transport ship, which meant there had to be a much larger ship orbiting the earth. And if there was a larger ship, that meant there had to be a crew to maintain it. Granted, this assumption was based on the science of Star Trek and Star Wars, but it still seemed logical. 
Second, there was the matter of their physiology. Except for their unusual height, these aliens were quite humanlike. Obviously, they were able to survive in earth’s atmosphere, which meant their world must be a lot like Earth. But there had to be differences. A hundred questions flooded Rick’s mind, but he knew he would never begin to answer any of them until they could learn to communicate…if they could learn to communicate. This was one aspect of alien encounter the science fiction movies had gotten wrong. Apparently, English was not a universal language after all. 
Rick’s train of thought was interrupted by what appeared to be the conclusion of the aliens’ conversation. He would soon come to understand the meaning of their actions, but in the moment, all he could do was watch. The two men faced each other, as did the two women. Placing their hands on the sides of the each other’s head, they drew each other toward themselves so that their foreheads touched. Then, the four of them spoke in unison something that sounded like a chant. After about a minute, they changed partners and repeated the whole routine. Rick expected a third round, but instead they approached him. As they drew close to Rick, he could see moisture in their eyes and that the grinning man’s smile had faded. Rick sensed in his soul that something significant was happening between them. He felt like an intruder. 
Rick wanted to disappear until the man who was not the grinning man stepped toward him. He gently placed his hands on both sides of Rick’s head and leaned down until his forehead touched Rick’s. Heat radiated from the point of contact throughout his entire body and he heard the man speak the same chant he heard earlier. Rick wanted more than anything to be able to understand what was being said. As the man stepped back, a smile appeared on his face. He bore a strong resemblance to the grinning man. Rick wondered if they might be brothers. 
Rick felt his knees weaken when the other woman stepped toward him. She was every bit as beautiful as the woman with the brown and gold eyes, though her eyes were deep blue. She placed her hands on Rick’s head and leaned toward him, touching her forehead to his. The warmth returned and Rick felt the sting of tears forming in his eyes. She spoke the chant softly, but now it sounded to him more like a song. His longing to understand it intensified. When she stepped back in line with the others, the expression on her face mirrored theirs. As Rick beheld them all, he saw such a strong resemblance that he wondered if they might all be siblings. 
Rick readied himself for the grinning man or the woman with the brown and gold eyes, but they did not approach him. Instead, the other two ducked beneath the wing of the ship and made their way toward the ladder. The woman climbed up first and then the man. As the ladder was retracting, the head of the woman reappeared through the hatch. Her long hair reached nearly halfway to the ground. She smiled and called out something in her own language. Then she looked directly at Rick and called to him, “Gesundheit!” 
Rick smiled and waved. “Gesundheit!” 
Rick jumped as a large hand grasped him by the arm and pulled him backwards. The grinning man said something that sounded like, “Connie Chung” and led him to where the woman was already standing about twenty feet away from the ship. 
There was a loud pop followed by a low whirring sound as the engines fired up. The ship lifted straight up off the ground and retracted its landing gear. When it was about a hundred feet above them, it turned toward the west and tilted in that direction. Rick, the grinning man, and the woman with the brown and gold eyes watched as the ship climbed another hundred feet. Then, in an impossible maneuver, it banked sharply to the right and took off like a shot toward the east. In a matter of seconds it was out of sight. 
Sometime between the ship’s departure and seeing the two remaining aliens walking directly toward his truck, it occurred to Rick that his encounter was not over. He didn’t know for how long, but it was obvious these two intended to stay. And since Rick was the only human they knew, he guessed they intended to stay with him. At first, he was pleased, but before he reached his truck another thought brought panic. How was he going to explain them to Jane? 

###

Get the full version of BLACKWELL: The Encounter Begins anywhere books are sold online. Simply search for Blackwell by Michael E. Gunter.



Here’s what more people are saying about BLACKWELL:


“Enjoyed it Cosmically! This book brings in many points of human life and connects them with the other-worldly in a terrific way. It explores lives, loves, beginnings, and middles while not pointing (yet) to the ends. The author covers much ground in this work, and while it does lead to another work, it ended gratifyingly. The story not only entertains, but it also challenges beliefs, checks premises and uplifts. We are not alone, but then, we never were! Still, an easy read and it is science fiction for the masses. Entertaining and great fun!” –P. Schaeffer (VA)


“A Real Page Turner! I wish I had been able to read BLACKWELL: THE ENCOUNTER BEGINS on vacation. I was frustrated at having to turn off my Kindle and get back to work. Michael Gunter quickly pulled me into his story and I didn't want to stop reading. The characters are believable, but not stereotyped or predictable. The Kyvians are "human" enough to evoke my sympathy and "other" enough to arouse my curiosity. BLACKWELL raises many questions and I'm glad the author offers few answers. Instead, Mr. Gunter invites me to join the conversations of Rick, Jane, Aldi and Elsa-Eska and ponder my own "mission" and place in the Universe.
In addition, it was a pleasure to read a sci-fi novel without objectionable language and explicit sexual content. I feel comfortable recommending it to my tween and teen friends. There is action, adventure, and humor, as well as food for thought. I am eager for the sequel and hope Mr. Gunter plans to expand BLACKWELL into a longer series.” –Avid Reader


“Definitely not just sci-fi! I didn't know what to expect. I read Blackwell: The Encounter Begins on the recommendation of a good author friend who spoke of the book as something special. As sci-fi 'lite.' As a book worth reading. So I purchased the book for my Kindle and dove in without any real notions of what to expect. I was drawn into the story and intrigued almost immediately and the interplay of the main characters made me want to believe. The hunger for a life of significance, the questions and self-doubt that Rick and Jane's visitors unconsciously uncover, the spiritual emptiness and the fading attraction of an 'untamed' heart...all entirely relatable. 
At times, I thought I could predict what might happen next, and each of those times, Michael Gunter guided me down a detour deeper into emotional and spiritual realms that, while unexpected, mirrored the 'worlds' he depicts in the narrative. He creatively parallels the spiritual with an alternative reality, with a fantasy, really, that made my imagination flow to connect the dots in the story to the dots in real life. 
I didn't expect a sci-fi book to touch me, to move me to tears, or to speak to me about the strength of relationship, trust, faith and loyalty. I suffered through the scenes of suspense because I knew I couldn't extract myself. I couldn't reassure myself with anything predictable, and as painful as it was, I followed the protagonists with a sense of exhilaration. Gunter executed this unusual 'mash-up' plot of Science Fiction/Christian Adventure/Humor/Suspense with an understated thoughtfulness, a cosmic humor, and a knack for dosing the impossible with realism. 
I'll definitely be reading it again before the sequel comes out. It's a shame I didn't come across this gem when it was already a series!” –Nancy S.


“Five Stars are not Enough! The excellent writing in this fantastic novel pulls you in and makes you care deeply about the characters you meet and come to know. I couldn't put it down! When I was able to drag myself away from it, I found myself thinking about Aldi, Elsa-Eska, Jane and Rick. I had become so entwined in their lives it was as though they are actual people whom I know and who are living a life outside the pages of a book! I am ANXIOUSLY awaiting the arrival of the sequel to this book. I hope the writer decides to make this the first of a long series! What a read!!! FIVE STARS ARE NOT ENOUGH!!” Lisa L.


“Great Story Telling! I love books like this. Keeps you wanting to know what's going to happen next. It has an XFiles scifi mystery spiritual drama thing going on. The characters are realistic and interesting. There were some really close calls where I thought one thing was going to happen and it turned out to be something else completely so definitely not predictable or boring. I really enjoyed reading it and am excited for the next one to come out to see what happens next.” –Amanda S.


“What a Terrific Read! This is one of the best books I have read in a long time, the second by this author. I didn't want to put it down. I fell in love with the characters in the story: Rick, Jane, Aldi, Elsa-Eska, and more, and I can't wait for the sequel to see what happens to them. Wish I could get it tomorrow!!! I'm not a big science fiction fan, but this story became real to me, especially the characters. Amazon.com was quick to make this book available to Kindle users and the price was very reasonable. I highly recommend this book to everyone. I think you will enjoy it and look forward to the sequel too!” Kathy G. 



Learn more about Michael E. Gunter and the Blackwells at http://Klyvian.com
See you out there!




