Chapter OneKristin Maddow pointed to the white Victorian styled mansion surrounded by massive trees on the left side of the car in White Village, New Hampshire." That's the one, Mr. Grant! I want to buy that house right there!" she declared confidently in her high- pitched voice. Grant stopped his car directly in front of the house. He looked at his clipboard, this was only house twelve, he had another twenty-eight houses on the market that he needed to sell!" Ms. Maddow, you seem so sure of your choice! Don't you want to look at-"?" Here's the money," said Kristin, cutting him off abruptly. Then she handed him a check for 500,000 dollars." Is it enough?" She pulled out her b
ristin nodded eagerly.“ Yes, it would be very helpful for me to know what really happened in my house,” Kristin said in a somber tone.Nyila nodded. “ I thought you were the new owner, I saw your picture in the paper, and immediately recognized you at the front desk.”“ So… you’re his granddaughter then,” said Kristin slowly, trying to process all of this.Nyila smiled, “ Yup, the only grandchild of Anthony Lopez,” she replied.Kristin could feel herself getting excited.“ Alright then, could I have your phone number so I could call you?” Kristin asked as she pulled out her phone. Nyila nodded.“ 555-218-7745,” she said. Kristin typed it in, and saved it under Nyila Lopez. After that Kristin shut her phone and went back to the front desk with Nyila. Nyila got her a new library card, since she was new here, and rang up the book. Kristin put the book in her Coach bag, thanked Nyila and waited for Michael, who was looking at DVDs in the Video section. Finally he came back over to her.“ Movies?” she asked with a bit of sarcasm in her voice.Michael half-smiled and half-laughed.“ Yeah well, it’s for a project I’m doing.”“ What project?”Michael gave her a curious look.“Um well, it’s kind of about your house. You see, my Dad is having me do a project on historical places in this town, and I picked your house. I hope you don’t mind, but do you think I could you know, look around just to get a feel for the place,” asked Michael.Kristin really didn’t know what to say, she had to admit it was a bit weird.“ Oh, okay. I guess so,” she said, only half-hea
hole mansion was going up into flames. Kristin realized that the boiler downstairs had leaked, and now the whole house was in flames.Kristin looked around for Alex, Michael, and her Dad, but she couldn’t find them in the pillar of smoke and fire.She coughed, and coughed as the smoke choked her throat. Finally she found a small door, and she climbed through it.The forest air had never felt so good in her lungs. She gasped as she tried to catch her breath. A burst of laughs caught her attention, and she looked up to find words etched on the ground in what it appeared to be red paint.-See what happens when you try and get rid of me?-Then a snap was heard, and Kristin whirled around to see Bill, as a ghost, holding a lighted match in his hand. He floated there for a while, and then he disappeared.Kristin was left with nothing, no family, no fiance, no friends.Nothing but a burning house and some ancient lies that laid there.
