
 
 
 
 
 
Next Time 
We Steal
The Carillon
By Louie Flann

Copyright 2011 Louie Flann

Smashwords Edition

ISBN: 978-1-4659-4424-5

A Cozy College Caper Mystery
Rev. E

 
 
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the author's work.



ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS
 
 
First and foremost, I thank my wife Rita for her work as editor-in-chief, proofreader and story doctor. Without her I would have rambled on for another two hundred pages. Many scenes that I didn’t think of would never have been written. Thank you, Sweetie.
 Another valuable player deserving thanks is Valerie Woods. Not only did she throw away thousands of comas that would have made reading this story many hours longer, she helped in tightening several scenes that were just too long. 
 Julia Buckley, a published author and a dear friend has been my kindle consultant. From word to word in print, I was coached by this pro. Thank you, Julia.
 Our cover design is from the brain of Phil Darovic. Thank you, Phil, for your creative design/marketing/web input.

 Introduction
Don't expect a horse race here. First we leisurely trot along, set the scene and introduce our players. And then, we canter through the campus, ending at a gallop into the solution. I hope this will be as much fun for you as it was for me. 
See you in the winner's circle.



 
Prologue 
 
Priests, who joined their gods millennia ago, celebrated a ritual around the crucible. Shiny, black, shaped like a small serving bowl, it was protected from the twenty-first century by a glass display case.
Jennifer stared at the broken enclosure that had held one of the school’s most prized possessions. It hadn’t been touched since the school was founded. 
“My bowl, Todd! My bowl’s gone. Look! Someone stole my bowl!”
She remembered how it gleamed behind its protective glass, sparkling black with those little white figures painted all round the outside. Who were they and what were they doing?
*  *  *
Jennifer arrived at the Braxton University library a few minutes before Todd. She was looking at the new fiction on the shelves next to the check out desk when Todd came in with an armful of books.
“You waiting long?” he asked as he put his free arm around her waist.
“No, Hot Toddie,” she said with a big smile, “just got here.”
On the stairs up to the 900’s, Jennifer said, “I don’t understand why there isn’t anything on the Internet?” 
“Fifth century BC Athenian economic info is not the stuff of action movies. I mean, who cares? If we didn’t have this paper to do, nobody would ever read that stuff,” he said. She nodded in agreement.
On the second floor, they walked passed light oak display cases housing the pride of the history department. Arrowheads, beaded chest protectors and a tomahawk were near the books on American history. The next set of cases held a massive bronze hinge from an English castle’s drawbridge. It shared the bottom shelf with a dagger and gloves of a long dead nobleman. His dark velvet cape, although threadbare, hung regally above it. Against the back wall, at a right angle to these cases, was the school’s small collection of pottery and shards from the Ionian peninsula.
Three comfy chairs complemented a low round table in front of the case, an open skylight was in the high ceiling above. No one used this area and, on warm days like this, birds could be heard through the skylight. 
Last Tuesday, a bird flitted in and quickly felt his confinement. He darted out but not before startling them and losing a few feathers, one of which floated down onto Jennifer’s open book—the source of prolonged laughter. Then Jennifer’s smile drooped. “If a feather lands on your hand, it means that bad news is coming.”
“Where did you hear that?” 
“Oh, I read it somewhere, something to do with magic or some old New England superstition,” she said. 
Their books were on the table. Todd was sitting on the edge of his chair­ looking through his notes on his lap for the exact name of the subject they were here to look up. Jennifer, far back in her soft chair, glanced at the display case against the back wall. Her eyes widened, her mouth fell open. “My bowl! My bowl’s gone. Look, Todd, someone stole my bowl!” 
Todd jumped up and rushed to the empty display case. Slowly, he touched the edge of the broken glass front. “What do we do?” 
Jennifer had her hand on her chest, eyes wide, not breathing, then: “Listen, we’ve got to report this—now! This is serious!” She was standing now, arms akimbo, shaking her head and finally seeing all the little broken glass shards on the carpet. 
      “OK, OK, you’re right. Let’s go tell someone at the desk downstairs.”


 
Chapter 1       
Going To Class
 
I’m working on a floppy disk drive, trying to get the Post It out of it. Real funny, I’d sure like to find the idiot who put it in the library computer. My job’s fixing the school computers after boneheads screw them up. You’ve got a problem with floppy discs? Our new computers have CD drives but the older ones sill have the floppys. In most cases, kids are copying an article, no pictures, just words so it’s better, and cheaper than burning a disc for one dumb article, right? 
I finished my Nescafe and put the cup on my spiral notebooks next to the computer. That means that I’m in class. If I put the cup on my keyboard, it means that I am doing some computer work somewhere. It’s my way of telling people where I am. If it’s in the sink it means that I just washed it. It’s not a perfect system, it won’t replace words but, you have to admit that it’s good. Nescafe as a tool of communication, another use for the drink of the gods—and me.
I checked my Molex. Time to leave for Criminology, my favorite class. Speaking of the Molex: 27 bucks and it’s identical to a Rolex, gold, stainless, bulky, except for the M and the price.          
I left my dorm and headed down the main walk to Johnson Hall where they have the sociology and language courses. It’s also where the snack bar is, in the basement. The main walkway connects everything, the classrooms to the dorms and the north parking lot. We call it the “Kennedy” after that expressway in Chicago that runs through everything and connects the downtown to the airport. It even has a commuter train running down the middle of it. 
Braxton U is in the middle of Illinois, in the middle of the Midwest, which is in the middle of the U S in the middle of the world. We are probably the center of the universe, too. Not much excitement here, but we get good corn—cheap.
 Walking across campus is really nice. The leaves are changing. The temperature is not too hot, not too cold. The girls are still wearing their summer clothes so there are many great sights on the way to class if you get my drift. I live in Foster Hall, the coolest of the four dorms.
I just passed the bell tower. It’s three stories high and red brick like everything else around here, with a big clock face on all four sides. On special days, they have concerts with the bell tower. You know, the bells play certain songs, usually old stuff that I never heard of. Last year, I was in a class with the girl who played the bells. She called it Caroline for some reason or another and said it was a big privilege to play it and we were fortunate to have one.  
I walked into Johnson Hall and down the stairs to the snack shop. Johnson is one of the four classroom buildings and the farthest from the dorms, a two minute walk for me. I saw the LaMonica sisters sitting on the other side of the room. I just met them this year and they seemed nice. I joined them.
Monica was wearing her mandatory navy pledge blazer and Veronica had on a bright red sorority sweatshirt. Monica was pledging Beta Omicron Delta and Veronica was one of their queen bees. Their members were known as the “bod girls,” Interesting that most of them were lookers. There aren’t that many frat and sorority events; people join them for the cool sweatshirts and something to put after their names in the yearbook. 
“Good morning Monica, good morning Veronica. How are you today?” 
“We’re fine, Jason, but the important thing is, how are you after last night’s date?” Monica replied with a facial expression that revealed that she wanted to know more—all.
“Ya know, I don’t think I’ve got this dating thing down yet.” 
“What do you mean?”
“Well, take this last night thing for example. See, they were twins. So I thought that I didn’t want to hurt one girl’s feelings so I thought it was a normal thing, like you know, I thought everybody did it.”
“Did what?”
 “I thought everyone asked them out.” 
“Whatever are you talking about?” Veronica asked.
“I asked them out. I thought since they were twins, they came as a pair, you know, inseparable? So I thought I was doing what everyone did with twins and asked them out.
“I wasn’t looking forward to paying for dinner or the movie, but I was really relishing the thought of the making out. I kind of was thinking along the lines of one of those sultan guys with the harem, you know? Being smothered in kisses by these two girls who shared their looks with each other.”
Veronica gave me a look like she thought I was about to say something stupid. 
“What happened?” She asked.
“It started off nice enough, they did let me buy them dinner and we did go to the movie, me with a twin on each arm. I thought I had it down. But they blew me off at the dorm. I got simultaneous hand shakes, one from each.
“So now I know. You’ve got to split them, just as if they were individuals.”
“But they are individuals, meathead!”
“Ya think?” I said, believing that Veronica probably knew more about this than I.   
“Hey, have you started the paper yet?” I asked Monica.
“No, have you?” 
“Yeah, I finished it and I think it came out OK.” From the back of my notebook I pulled out the three typed sheets that were almost neatly folded and delicately placed them on the table. 
“What did you write about?”
“Well, it’s supposed to be a description of something so I wrote about the Cornfest.”
“Really? Could I read it?” Monica asked.
“Only if you don’t make fun of me. I’m not a hot-shot journalist like you.” 
She picked it up and read the paper out loud:
 
Jason Malloy
ENGL 201
Professor Clement
Assignment 2
THE CORNFEST
I could smell it from my dorm—sort of cooked leaves and I don’t know what else but it sure smells good. That’s the corn on the grill I’m talking about. It’s good—mom’s cooking good. A half dozen tent covered booths sprouted on Main Street for the Cornfest, just like this one in front of the bank.
If I could bottle Cornfest atmosphere, it could be sent worldwide as an example of American Life—camaraderie, neighbor helping neighbor, food fresh from the field, and hope in ourselves and the future.
Enough about me. Now the town.
Up and down Main Street, people crowded the booths, mostly men and students, all bending over trying not to get butter on their shirts. Moms carrying kids’ jackets flowed toward the park and the beanbag toss. I could hear the Hastings high school band behind Mercle’s Drugs. Some of Hastings’ finest were attempting to clear a path down Main Street accompanied by joking and greeting friends and storekeepers. Lawn chairs were laying on the sidewalk staking out individual watching spots for the parade. The chairs were there since yesterday—no one would dream of taking the chair or the space. That wouldn’t be right.
A lot of students and kids wore costumes. I don’t want to say that they’re corny but… Some moms had pilgrim hats picked up at Mercle’s—a dollar fifty. They’re paper and looked just like the hat a pilgrim woman would wear except for the Mercle’s, Your source for Good Stuff Cheap printed on the brim. 
Fortunately, the weather was doing its part to make Cornfest better than last year when the wind blew over all the booths and scattered corn under the parked cars. The gust lasted for only half a minute but the whole festival was knocked down. 
The corn was allegedly washed and put back up for sale. Everyone knew that they all weren’t washed so the “broasted corn” sales fell to zero. I got some damaged corn free. The wind also hurt the arts and crafts people so this year most paintings were flat on tables in the tents and not on easels as they were last year. Next year, back to easels? 
The people with the saved spots on the sidewalk will have a good view of the parade when everyone gets off the street. The fire truck was there in front of the three police cars. I can’t see the ambulance but I’m sure it’s somewhere. Rumor on the street is that the Braxton Library bought four new books on corn for the celebration and has them on display at the check out counter. No, you can’t take them out—yet. Is there no end to this extravagant school spending? 
Now the camera pulls slowly back into the sky showing Hastings’ main street with its shops and booths: the Kiwanis next to the Reelect President Clinton booth next to the PTA, then the other town streets with their one story red brick houses. Continuing to rise, I can see the farm lands that brush up against the back yards of the nicely kept houses, once all green, now brown stalks dominate as far as the eye can see and it can see far. I see Braxton U, on the south edge of town, with its pond and parking lots dominating the scene. The dorms and the bell tower are surrounded by the trees. 
The camera spirals higher in the clear blue exposing miles of harvest, criss-crossed with black topped ribbons. A lone yellow car wanders north toward and a beer truck heads into town. I lied, it’s a bread truck.
The buzz that you hear is the plane’s engine, the plane that I’m riding in over this Midwestern town, this town with the school attached: or is it the other way around? The town is a part of the university, the university is the heart and the town is the muscle, the lungs? I don’t know.
When I first arrived last year, all this was new, the stores, the restaurants, the school itself, but now, it’s an old hat, a comfortable place where I don’t only live, but rule. And I got a free plane ride today. Thank you Braxton University Computer Club for letting me take the pictures today. 
“The end,” Monica said. She put down the paper.  “I’m impressed, Jason, I could really see the town.”
“I agree,” Veronica said. “I felt like I was there.”
 
I said “thank you” as humbly as I could, but it was hard because I did think it was a good paper.
“Well, it’s not due till next week,” Monica mumbled, “so I’ll start on it on the weekend. Life’s so boring that working on the paper will probably be the most exciting thing happening.” 
 
Little did she know.



 
Chapter 2       
The Theft Problem
 
“What’s this about a missing something from the library?” I asked Fay as I took off my coat and saw the small pink note on my desk. 
Fay continued putting completed exams into a gray filing cabinet and said without looking up, “Good morning, Professor. One of the security guys asked me if this was Professor Palma’s office. I said yes and he said I should give that note to you as soon as you come in.”
Fay is my girl Friday, if I can use that expression. She does everything for me. Sometimes she’s a little—how could I say it—unfocused? But I like her because she tries to do her best and always thinks of my needs first.
“This looks like it could be something big,” I mumbled under my breath as I pulled out the thin writing board that was on top of my desk drawers. It had the school phone directory taped to its top surface.
“Myrna, this is Palma. What’s up? I hear you lost something,” I said when the assistant librarian picked up.
“A bowl? Why not go down to the caf and get another. The breakfast rush is over.
“Oh, a special bowl. Am I in trouble for making light of it? Are we still pals?
“All right, we’ll get right on it. Goodbye.”
She told me that the bowl was one of the most important pieces in the school’s small collection of antiquities. Myrna also said that it was loved not only because of its age but also because of its beauty—small and precious.
I sat back in my pleather swivel chair and surveyed the wall of books that stood in front of me. I looked to the right through the leaded glass window that faced Mittler Auditorium, and saw the yellow leaves fluttering on the big Linden. A book hit the floor and I turned to my left and saw Fay at her desk in the adjoining room shuffling papers and mumbling.
“What’s up?” I asked.
“I’ve got class now and I can’t find my French notes. I’ve got the 402 notes but where are the 312’s?” She mumbled more to herself than to me as she quickly moved her hand around inside her big carry-all bag. Her knitted brows said it all.
I spun back and looked at my shelves behind my desk, my classy walnut stained shelves. I keep my stuff there, things that I like to look at, art if you will. An MG TC model car is on the shelf at desk height along with a model of a red 1948 Indian Chief motorcycle. Next to it are a skull, a plastic human, a squid suspended in a bottle of clear liquid and a compressor from an under-the-counter refrigerator. The shelf above it has several computer manuals, a six inch piece of galvanized pipe, threaded on both ends, and a cottage cheese container half-filled with different size screws and nuts and hardware junk. Next to that is a tarnished bugle and a nine volt power supply for a computer printer or CD player or some such gadget, I don’t remember which. An old British SU carburetor and a stack of CDs—Gypsy Kings, Ravel, Muddy Waters, stuff like that—sit on the window sill.
I really like this place. It has beauty, not like Paris, but in an unassuming Midwestern way. People give you straight answers here. Lock your car, don’t lock your car—it makes no difference; these are honest people who live on campus and the nearby town, Hastings. 
What to do, what to do? I scratched my chin while thinking of the direction that I should take. I heard Fay putting on her coat and gathering her things, getting ready for class. She must have found her notes.
I should talk to Larry, see what he knows. Lawrence Schwartz is the Dean of Students and a person in the loop. Either he made the decisions for the school or was consulted before the decisions were made. I was lucky to have him as fan a of mine.
“Larry, it’s Palma. How are you?”
“Good. What can you tell me about the theft in the library?” We talked for several minutes. 
He told me that it was a very delicate situation. The theft might dissuade donors from contributing to the school’s collections because of the “appearance” of lax security. Also, there were political overtones. Several administrators’ contracts were coming up for renewal shortly and this may affect some careers, what with all of the politics going on in the ivory towers. Homecoming was only a few weeks away and it would be bad PR if something as important as the bowl was not on display at that time.        
It looks like the ball is in my hand. I must make things right, and if it takes more than two weeks, some people are going to look mighty bad, maybe even me.



 
Chapter 3       
The Group
 
When Fay came back from class, I asked her to type up invitations and hand deliver them to some of my students. By three o’clock, all eight had received the note.
The note said that we were to meet at a quarter to four in room G-03 for complimentary snacks and beverages and to discuss on-the-job-training. G-03 was in the basement of Griffin Hall, the science building. 
They all arrived before the appointed time and were sitting there waiting for me. I said, “Please help yourselves to the snacks and there are cups over there on that table for the drinks.”
The two girls got up to get cups and the boys ripped open the bags of chips. The chips were the individual size bags and were on a regulation Formica cafeteria table. 
So I said, “I suppose you’re wondering why I called you all together today.” I was standing at the head of the table. Everyone nodded. “OK, something has happened here, here at Braxton.
“All of you are now taking or have had a criminology course with me. I chose each of you for several reasons. One of them was that you are all interested in law or law enforcement. Another is that you’re all smart. And what I consider the most important reason: I think that you’ll be able to work together. You will be a team.” They all smiled self-consciously.
“This task will take away from your study time and your social lives. I don’t know how long this will take but I need a commitment from you. This is a criminal investigation and it will be a paid job, $8 per hour, just like working in the cafeteria. You will be paid for twenty hours a week, the maximum that the school allows a full time student to work. Most weeks, you will be working more than that. Please don’t consider this investigation for the money. I put in for a budget to pay you so you won’t have other jobs competing for your time. This will be good practical experience for you. You will be doing the same work an investigator would do on a case. 
“I’m going to leave to make a phone call for a minute. While I’m gone, think about what I said. When I get back, I’ll answer any questions you have and then if you want to do this job, you’ll sign an agreement.” I left.
They all stopped talking when they saw me reenter the room. “OK, any questions? Yes, Ms. LaMonica?”
“Yes Professor Palma. I’d like to know if we would be working regular hours every day?”
“No, we’ll work when we need to. If you have a test or a paper due, you can be excused. But, don’t forget to tell me first. You see, we’ll be a team and every one should be able to count on everyone else. Yes, Mr. Diedrich?”
“What are we going to investigate? What’s the job?”
“It’s a burglary of school property. I can’t say anymore until we have all of the questions answered and those of you who want to do this have signed up. I don’t believe that the person who did this is violent so I’m not expecting this to be dangerous.” 
“I’m working at the post office now,” Ralphy Diedrich continued, “Can I continue working there while working on this investigation?”
“I’m sorry, but you’ll have to quit that job in order to work with us. This investigation will take considerable time and effort so if you have any other activities that you’re involved with, I suggest that you put them on hold during the investigation.”
“OK? Next question. Mr. Malloy?”
“Are we going to work five hours a day or ten hours a day? Will we work on weekends? And, will we have to get up early?”
“The answer to all those questions is yes. I don’t know what is going to happen. Sometimes we will be waiting for something—lab results, something in the mail, someone getting back to us with some information. Then everybody does their regular work. And then sometimes we are all needed right now.” I stabbed at the desk with my forefinger for emphasis. “We work when we need to, just like the police. Only with us, we will only have this one investigation. Yes, Mr. Schultz?”
“I was wondering. What if you don’t feel comfortable doing this? I mean I know it could be good experience but I’ve got other things to do also. Like my studies and I go home every weekend.”
“If you don’t feel comfortable doing this then that’s OK. We only want you on the team if you want to be on the team. 
“Any other questions? All right then. Who would like to give this a try? Who would like to be on our team? Raise your hands please.”
Two boys got up and left. The rest raised their hands looking around with smiles on their faces. I passed around an employment application/waiver of lien form which they all began studiously filling out, consulting wallets and purses for personal information that was not committed to memory. 
In five minutes, everyone was finished and looking at me for directions. I collected the forms and sat down at the table with them. “This is about the theft in the library last Sunday. Has anyone heard about it?” They all nodded. “OK, we will discuss that in a minute, but first I would like you to introduce yourselves to your team members. Tell us your name and what you think that you will get out of this investigation. Who wants to go first? Yes, Mr. Diedrich?”
“First, although my name is Randolph, everybody calls me Ralphy.” He was chewing gum while he talked. 
“I think that I’ll see if this is the type of work I want to do. I mean I think it is but maybe it isn’t like what I am expecting. It would be bad if I spent four years here and a lot of money and found out that this is not the job for me. So I want to see what law enforcement officers really do.”
“That’s good, Ralphy. Who’s next? Miss LaMonica, Veronica?”
“Well, I’m Veronica. I’m a junior and this is my sister Monica. She’s only a sophomore. We talked it over and we want to do this to meet people, and to learn more about the school, the different offices and the secret nooks and crannies. And,” she said as an afterthought, “to learn more about criminology.”
“Good. Jason, Mr. Malloy?” 
“I’d like to know more about the technical aspects of investigating. You know, the finding of evidence and testing it in the lab. Will we do that Professor?”
“I don’t know. Most detectives in most cases don’t have the luxury of using a lab. Because of budgets and backlogs, even if the lab is in a detective’s district, the chances are not good that the lab can be used for everyday cases. If we’re lucky we’ll be able to use the county lab. We will be the only people looking at this crime scene for evidence. This isn’t like television where a dozen people in lab coats are seriously examining everything at the crime scene.”
“And I guess I’ll have to quit my job at the library. I fix the computers there,” Jason said.
“Yes,” I replied, “but only temporarily. This should be finished up in a couple of weeks.”
“Before Homecoming?”
“I sure hope so,” I said. “Yes,Veronica, a question?”
“Yes, why aren’t the police doing this? Aren’t we covering up a crime?”
“No, were not covering up a crime. The police have been notified of the theft as has the insurance company. This is a valuable object that has been taken and it is insured.
“After a meeting of ‘The Powers that Be,’ it was decided that this issue could be resolved with the least amount of disruptions if it were done in house, so to speak. A police report has been filed but since Hastings is a small town and doesn’t have much crime, they use the county for detective work. The county spends most of its time on violent crime and would not give this case a high priority. So, this crime will be exclusively investigated by the insurance company, Mutual Assurance of Wisconsin. 
“I worked at MAW, that’s what we called it, ‘Maw,’ several years ago as an investigator so they know me. They hired me to investigate this incident.” 
“Question!”
“Yes, Ralphy.”
“Well, why the eight dollars? I mean, if the insurance company is paying you, they aren’t paying eight dollars an hour. That’s a big company with lots of bucks. Aren’t we poor students getting short-changed by the man?”
The rest of the group turned and glared at Mr. Diedrich.
“Normally, I would do this alone. You have been brought into this for experience in an actual investigation. This will be beneficial to you and will be good on your resumes. 
“There are several of you, each on the payroll, and there are expenses; this adds up. These expenses aren’t only for things like fingerprint powder, but they are for more practical items like copying and transportation. If we have to investigate off-campus, the costs mount very quickly. For example, if we had to travel to Springfield to look at documents or interview someone, it would cost us about $200 a day for each person there. 
“And food. We usually will meet at a restaurant so we can be spending $70 dollars for just a half hour meeting that we’ll be doing almost everyday. That is one of the perks of the job, free food.” 
The boys liked that. They smiled and nodded while looking at each other.
“This whole cost issue is something that you will have to understand if you are self-employed or working for a company. You’ll always have a budget for your investigation, expenses that someone must pay. 
“OK, the problem. Some person or persons unknown has stolen a priceless antique bowl from the library. It’s a Greek bowl that was made around 500BC and discovered and brought to our school when it was first founded. 
“We don’t know why this article was taken, or exactly when, but our job is to get the bowl back.
“OK, after I leave here, I’m going to work out a plan and specific things for you to do. 
“I’ll see you all at the Bar Bar at seven tonight. Oh yeah, another thing, I’m going to write a letter that says that you’re working for me. You can use it to show people that you have a right to inquire about this theft. I should have it ready for pick up tomorrow morning. So come in and pick them up from Fay at my office.” If they don’t know Fay already, they’ll meet her tomorrow.
The LaMonica sisters huddled together, talking quietly with bright eyes and raised eyebrows. The boys were leaning back in their chairs with satisfied looks on their faces which said, “I am so cool.”
All of them, my new investigators, look like they are expecting to have a fascinating adventure.
*   *   *
     The meeting at the Bar Bar was short. I mulled over what the kids did best. Ralphy was the most outgoing and oldest so he’ll be our interviewer. Jason was a technogeek, he loved computers and repairing anything. He’ll be our technical consultant, and the LaMonicas will be our researchers, digging around for anything that relates to the case. 
I told Jason to go as soon as the library opened tomorrow and check the crime scene for evidence. I wasn’t expecting much since the bowl was probably taken several days ago and dozens of students have been in that area since. I told them that we would meet tomorrow for lunch here at the Bar Bar and discuss what Jason found. 
They left with Jason telling the LaMonicas how he was going to impress everyone on campus with his cool new job. 
What would he find? 



 
Chapter 4       
Sunset at Jason’s
 
I watched the sun go down while having my twentieth Nescafe. 
These Illinois sunsets are not like California or New England where the sun comes up or goes down into an ocean. A Midwestern sunset usually doesn’t include water—salt or fresh. Sure, there’s Lake Michigan. If you’re some kind of wealthy dude, you could live next to it and see the sun come up from the water. But that’s not the normal thing.
Day begins with the light seeping into the sky. At Braxton U, the sun is first seen on the roof of Bellerman Hall, at least from my room it is. A slight illumination (good word eh?) and then this ball of light creeps over the roof’s ridge and into view of all in Foster Hall. 
Sunset uses the trees beyond the pond. It aims for the tree tops alongside the highway which is the western border of the campus and then filters through these trees dimming the whole campus and then, when it is totally under the treetops, we get some color, red, bright red usually, unless it’s Friday. Why is that? I don’t know. Am I a chemistry major or something? Wait, I should know that. I should know everything. After all, I am almost a Criminal Lab Technician! 



 
Chapter 5       
Meeting at the Bar Bar
 
“Hi guys, what’s going on?” Ralphy Diedrich said. He pulled up a chair. ”Can I have some, Professor?” he said to me as he put one of the tortilla chips into the melted cheese dip before I could answer. He was the last one to arrive. The lunch time crowd had thinned out. We had the place to ourselves.
 “Jason was just telling us what he found at the library. Please go on, Jason,” I said. 
 “There really wasn’t much. I dusted for prints; found smudges. It wasn’t that the guy was being careful or anything. It was that so many people touched the glass that there was nothing useful on it.” Jason grabbed a handful of chips and stuffed them into his mouth as soon as he finished speaking.
“Did you dust the inside of the glass? You know, behind the broken piece. He might have touched there and it would only be the thief’s prints because the back of the glass is not available to the public,” I said.
He nodded yes and raised his hand for us to wait until he finished a mouthful of chips which was dripping cheese onto his shirt. “I checked that too and came up negative. There really wasn’t anything there except the broken case and the missing bowl. We’ve got nothing to work with here,” Jason added as he rubbed the cheese into his shirt with his hand. 
Both LaMonicas were taken aback by this unsanitary activity. 
“What about fiber evidence?” I asked.
“I vacuumed in front of the case and there was so much there because it was a public area that I couldn’t tell what was left by our villain. I also checked inside the case and there was nothing. So I drew a blank on that. Sorry.”
“It’s not your fault. You did the best anyone could do,” I said, trying to cheer him up.
“Do you think anything else was taken?” Veronica asked. “Maybe some other items were taken but nothing was broken, you know? Maybe they got into other cases and didn’t have to break them. Maybe they took some books.” Monica nodded in agreement.
“Good point, Veronica,” I said.
“The library had one of their guys go through and check everything out and they found nothing else was missing,” Jason said.
“One of their guys?” Ralphy said disgustedly, “Their guys are freshman jocks. They couldn’t find a bull in a bathroom with a searchlight.”
“Searchlight?” Jason asked.
“You get my drift,” Ralphy replied.
I thought for a minute. “After we break up, Ralphy, go to the librarian, either Ms. Beems or Ms. March, and ask to have one of the permanent staff—not a student—go with you through the collections and make sure that everything is OK. Better yet, have the person in charge of the collections go with you.
“Monica, you and Veronica go to the library and get the names of those who were working on Sunday. You’ll have to interview them. Ask them if they noticed anyone suspicious or anyone who acted strange.”
“OK,” Monica replied.
“Did everybody pick up their ‘letter of transit’ from the office?” They all nodded.
“OK, next thing is the phones. Does everyone have a cell?” They all nodded. I gave each of them a cell phone with 120 pre-paid minutes on it and a charger. “These will help us keep in touch. Always have this one with you and keep it turned on. I don’t want to hear anyone say, ‘Oh, if only I had my phone.’” They nodded.
“Please notice the speed dial. Number 7 is setup for a conference call. So, if I hit 7, it dials Jason, Monica, Ralphy, and Veronica. Then I can talk to all of you at once. Another use is if someone is in danger. The chances that all of us would be unavailable at the same time would be pretty slim so someone should pick up. Put it on the charger when you go to bed. But be sure to always take it with you and always keep it on.
“Any questions?” They all shook their heads. “All right, Ralphy, get back to me after you’re finished at the library. The rest of you, I’ll see tomorrow.”
They filed out playing with their new toy and left me alone with the bill for their mid-morning snack The bill wasn’t too much and even if it was, it’s being paid for by MAW. I put MAW money on top of it and walked toward our waitress. The bill felt funny, it was like two sheets thick. I turned it over and saw the yellow post-it that was stuck on the back. There was a small drawing of a dagger with drops of blood dripping from it. It was done in red ink and looked like it was hastily done, not an art major I’m sure. Who could have put it here, and why? What did this mean for our group? Should I tell them? I pondered this question as I marched back to my office in Fogel Hall.
 
*  *  *
 “Security was lax on the bowl since it was in that same place for such a long time and nothing happened,” Ralphy said. I was just about to leave the office for dinner when he popped in. He was standing in front of my desk. “The person in charge of the collections is Wydra Beems.”
Wydra Beems, everybody knows Wydra Beems, I mused. She’s been around the school since before Arizona was a state, first as a student, then as an administrator, as library staff, and finally as head librarian. She is wiry and quick for a person who dated Hoover—the President or the Director, nobody knew for sure which one.
“Anyhow,” Ralphy continued, “the archive’s in the basement of the library and that’s where the majority of Braxton’s collections are. It’s one of those places that most people don’t know about. She said that the school has over 1,300 pieces in its permanent collection and it’s her job to keep track of it all. They are loaned to other schools and museums or are studied by students here in history, archeology, or sociology classes. Either the students come to the archives, which she told me she hates, or the object is signed out by the teacher and brought to the class, which she also hates,” Ralphy said while fidgeting with the small carburetor that adorns my window sill. 
“And another thing, 1,300 objects? What, historic corn? ‘And here is corn grown by Lincoln’s brother for the inauguration,’” Ralphy said in a basso profundo voice. 
I nodded in agreement. Thirteen hundred what in our library basement? “Well, what about the day in question? Was she there?” I asked returning to our main topic.
“It was a Sunday so she wasn’t there. She wasn’t there on Saturday either. She was there on Friday but she said she doesn’t remember the last time that she saw the bowl. She said she rarely goes up there because her office is on the first floor. She also works a lot in the basement— she calls it ‘the archives.’” He made quotation marks with his fingers. “It’s still the basement to me.”
“When you get your advanced degree, it’ll be the archives to you too,” I said. “So, when was it taken? It could have been taken a week ago, two weeks ago. How do we know?”
“We know that it wasn’t taken before Wednesday night because that’s when the cleaning people came. They would have noticed the broken glass and mentioned it to someone.”
“Yeah, that sounds reasonable,” I said, “but let’s check with them to make sure. I’ll call them tomorrow.”
I got up and followed Jason out the door, locking it behind me. I walked to the lot and got in my car. It started without a fuss. It’s been doing that lately. It is a 1987 XJ6 Jaguar that I love even though its reliability wears my nerves thin. I’ve replaced everything that could prevent the car from starting with good old American parts (made in China or Brazil) so it should run like a new car—which it does occasionally. 
My place is in town, Hastings, a few minutes from the campus. In the mornings I pick up hordes of students from private housing who are trying to get a ride to school. On the five minute ride home, I try to get the fine arts music station from Chicago. Tonight, all I got was static. Does this mean solar flares? Will my satellite TV be down?
I parked in the garage next to my apartment and walked to the front of the building, up the squeaky stairs to the second floor. I unlocked the door, hit the lights in the living room and set the mail on the coffee table. I went through the dining room down the hallway to the kitchen and into my big bedroom. I threw my coat on the bed and went back to the kitchen to listen to my messages—nothing. Tonight, supper will be penne with tomato and basil and a salad. The pasta and sauce come in a box, frozen, and the salad, well, I make that. Sounds healthy but I’ll make up for it tomorrow.
What should I do about that note? I took it out of my pocket. Looking back, I should have preserved it like a piece of evidence which it very well might be. The drawing was on a yellow post-it, the most common size, about three by three. The lines were drawn too long or too short, not connecting. The drops of blood (what else could it be) were all of different size and they weren’t falling straight down from the blade. Either the artist was not very good or he was hurried in his drawing—maybe both. 
Should I tell my student investigators about this? Would this scare them? If I didn’t tell them, would that be dishonest, keeping from them an important fact of the case or possibly, a potential for harm to them? What is best for the investigation? What is best for them?



 
Chapter 6       
Dissing the Discoverer
 
Homecoming is something I always dread. You know, it’s like New Year’s Eve. You must have a date. And that ain’t easy what with my classes and working with the Professor. I set my cup of Nescafe on the table.
I sort of asked the LaMonicas but they both politely said, “Jason, we don’t want anything to spoil the friendship that we share.” I mean, what are friends for if you can’t use them, right? Especially in a social situation like this.
I tried the twins, each as an individual this time, and they didn’t mention friendship. They, like in the public service announcement against drugs, “just said no,” 
I’ve had my eye on Mary Alice. She’s in my English class and she is prime. So I talked to Ralphy because he knows her a little. I said, “Ralphy, go find out if she has a date for homecoming. Kind of sneak it in so she won’t know that you’re spying for me, OK?” 
And he says, “Yeah, sure,” So he takes my cell phone right there and dials her up. Then he does some small talk like, “How are you?” and, “How are classes?” Then he says, “Do you have a date for homecoming?” and I can’t hear her answer. Then he nods his head and says, “Sure, OK. Jason wants to talk to you.” A pause. “Yeah, Jason Malloy. He’s in one of you classes.” Then he hands the phone to me and says, “She already has a date. Here, talk to her.” And he hands the phone to me. And I freeze up.
 Ralphy walks out of the room as if nothing happened and I just look at the phone, my palms wet. I look at it and don’t know what to say, what to do. So I click it off and fall into a chair. Needless to say, I’ll cut English all week. I’m still afraid to look at her, the beautiful Mary Alice. 
So, homecoming will be pretty bleak for me, unless…Is there some place where I could rent a girl—rent a date? Is that against the law? I should check into that.
Anyway, Professor Lloyd Fisker-Muesson laid a bomb on all of the Braxton community including the High-and-Mighty Administrators with his appraisal of our stolen bowl. He was here because of the insurance claim. The insurance company, Mutual Assurance of Wisconsin, had him fly out to give a current appraisal of the stolen bowl. After viewing pix of the bowl, he said that it isn’t from the Greek mainland but from one of the islands, Thera to be exact. Couldn’t he have done this from the comfort of his fax and computer? I don’t understand the ways of big business.
It was a big shock to everyone since Professor Noone was such a hot-shot and this goes against his original findings. Does this mean that he bought it instead of digging it out of the ground? Does this mean that there’s going to be a scandal? Good thing he’s not here any more. He’s probably a hundred by now.
The History and Archeology departments have called a big meeting to decide what to do—to proclaim the bowl Aegean or something else, maybe something rarer and more valuable. I know if the legal and accounting departments were invited, they for sure would vote for more valuable. It might help enrollment—or endowments.
In spite of this shocking news, he—Professor Fisker-Muesson—was still escorted around campus with an entourage of half a dozen of the power people, fawning over him as if he were all the Rolling Stones rolled into one super Stone.
 I’m really hopping today, along with the LaMonicas. Professor Palma has us scouring the net for anything about Thera and its pottery. My classes and this investigation are cutting into the time that I should be using to get a homecoming date.
So far, we’ve checked the library and found that Thera is a small island in a group of islands off of the Greek coast. Because of a volcanic eruption around 1500BC, it was inhabited by only a handful of hardy folks. It is now called the island of Santorini, and is very “in” with its trendy bars and beautifully colored volcanic cliffs overlooking the Aegean. The reason that Thera is being mentioned at all is because it is the perfect candidate for the lost island of Atlantis. And while we’re speaking of Atlantis, word on the street is that it never existed and was made up as an example of a perfect nation with perfect governance by, your friend and mine, Plato. Atlantis was supposedly located at the “Pillars of Hercules” which, as we all know, either means the pillars that hold up the heavens or the Straits of Gibraltar, depending on who you ask. 
So, you could say that our little bowl is not what we thought it to be but an artifact from—you guessed it—the mythical island of Atlantis. Is that cool or what?
The good professor based his findings on the clothing, or lack of, on the figures decorating the bowl. He also said that it was common in Thera to only decorate the outside of the bowl since their pottery was not for decoration but for daily use.
I told all this stuff to Professor Palma last night. That was when we were still friends.



 
Chapter 7       
Group Strategy
 
I had never been at Jason’s place before. He asked me to come over because, “all the gang would be there.” I left my office, walked down the two flights of stairs and out onto the walkway in front of Fogel Hall. Although it was already dark, the temperature wasn’t bad. I felt warm in my dark green trench coat with its fuzzy liner. The trip to his place wasn’t far. I went down the Kennedy and turned left toward the dorms. His was the closest building. 
All the dorms are red brick, three stories high, with a gabled roof. The white trimmed entrance has a flat roof supported by two columns which minimally protects those saying a long goodnight from the Midwestern elements—the standard Midwestern college building. I opened one of the double doors, walked past the mailboxes, and huffed and puffed up the stairs to the third floor. His room was in the back facing the quad, a small common area between the four dorms. All of the back rooms had balconies. In the warm months this was luxury living. 
After a lengthy internal discussion, I decided not to tell them about the note with the dagger. It might have been a joke in poor taste. It could give them a feeling of danger where, I believe, it doesn’t exist. I hope that this decision is not proven wrong.
“Professor, welcome to my humble abode,” Jason said while bowing and stepping aside so I could come into the living room. His place wasn’t really a room, it was more a suite. There was a living room with a counter and sink in one corner and bedrooms on the left and right sides of the room. Eight people shared one of these suites, two in each bedroom. It looked liked someone’s mother was about to arrive, the place was immaculate—for boys—no clothes on the floor, no dishes in the sink, and it didn’t smell bad. He had one of the sliding doors to the balcony slightly open. “It looks great, Jason, and you really keep it clean,” I said as I patted him on the back. He hemmed and hawed for a moment and then said, “Well, I did pick up some stuff around here today, but thanks Professor.” 
The artwork was limited to posters of rock and roll legends: Jimi Hendrix, The Doors, and The Beach Boys (The Beach Boys?). All of the other furnishings were supplied by the school, the three chairs (wooden arms and green upholstered seats) and the sofa (wooden arms and green upholstered seats) and the two end tables with lamps (yes, a green shade) and the coffee table. What color was the rug you ask? It was green, like the rest, forest green. It didn’t look bad, it looked cheap but it didn’t look bad. The perfect furnishings for an educational setting. I could get smart here.
The LaMonicas and Ralphy were there, snacking on chips and cokes. I’m sure if I wasn’t invited they’d all be having beers.
“First, I talked to the cleaning people,” I said to my cast of assembled investigators-in-training. “They said that they didn’t see any glass when they cleaned on Wednesday night so it was taken after they cleaned and before our students found it missing on Sunday. That’s as close as we can be to the time it was taken. 
“How are we going to find this guy? Why did he do this? Is he going to fence this art object or will he keep it for his own reasons?” I asked. Jason graciously offered me a coke. “Thank you.”
Monica raised her hand and said, “I think he’s evil and did this to cause trouble for the school, Professor.”
“What makes you think that, Monica?” I said.
“Because you can’t sell it,” she said. “It’s too rare to sell. Anyone who would buy something like that would know that it was stolen from here. So all he could accomplish is to make the school look bad.”
“Does that mean that we can expect other thefts to occur?” I asked.
“Yeah, I would say that’s a reasonable conclusion,” Ralphy said. He was wearing a frown most frequently seen on Sherlock Holmes in the middle of a case. “We should warn people. Next time, they’ll probably steal the carillon.” 
Everyone looked at Ralphy.
I wrote on my legal size note pad evil, and on the next line, will happen again. 
“Carillon?” Jason asked.
“Yeah, carillon. That thing in the bell tower. That bell thing.”
“That’s a carillon, eh?” Jason said, nodding appreciatively at his new piece of knowledge.
 “I think what Monica was hinting at was… What, Ralphy?”
“Motive.”
“That’s right. Motive. When we find out the why, then we can make up a list of who—suspects, the people who would gain from the crime.
“Besides trying to make the school look bad, what are some other reasons for the theft? Yes, Jason?”
“A crazy collector who must have this bowl for his collection.”
“Money,” Ralphy said.
“Good. Any other reasons, Guys, Ladies?” I asked. “What about some off-the-wall reasons? Maybe this guy is a kook, some nut case, or just some strange bird.”
“How about patriotism?” Veronica asked.
“What do you mean, V?” Ralphy asked.
She gave Ralphy a look. “Maybe this guy’s ancestors come from that island…”
“Thera?” Jason said.
“Yeah, and he feels that we have stolen it from his people,” Veronica said.
“Or maybe,” Ralphy said, “this guy just did it for the thrill. You know, the guy’s really dull and he thinks that this will make him a man.”
“Or,” Monica said, “maybe he did it for the media. Something he did is talked about in the news.”
“This doesn’t have to be a guy who did this, a woman could have done it,” Veronica said.
“That’s right, it could have been a woman. Anything else? Anything else to add?” I said as I wrote down their suggestions.
“Usually the motive is money. That’s the reason for most theft,” I said. “Why wouldn’t it be the reason for this crime?”
“I think that it would be too hard to sell—too easy to track. I mean there are other things around campus that could easily be taken and easily sold,” Ralphy said.
“Like what?” Jason asked.
“Well, like computers for instance,” Ralphy said.
“Yeah but they’re big, bulky, not easy to sneak around,” Jason said.
“OK then laptops,” Ralphy countered. “There’re worth more and easier to hide. Maybe software disks or papers in the offices or maybe there’s cash in some buildings, like the cafeteria and the Bursar’s Office. And the bookstore, there’s no security there, you could take anything.”
 “You’re probably right, Ralphy,” Jason said.
 “How can we find out what the true motive is of this guy?” I asked them. “What information do we need and where can we get it? You know that if we have the motive nailed down then we’ll be able to name some suspects and get this show on the road.” 
“But, until we have the name,” Ralphy added, “let us to refer to the thief as ‘The Evil One’.”
“Yeah, I like that,” Jason said smiling.
“Me too,” said Ralphy.
Veronica said, “Wait, why do you always say it’s a guy? Women commit crimes too!”
“That’s right Veronica, but the greatest majority of crimes are committed by men,” I said. “Men are more violent, aggressive, and just more psychologically suited to crime.
“Have we covered all the bases? Are there any reasons for the theft that we haven’t listed?”
“What about hate?” Ralphy said. “You know, someone hates Thera or Greece or somewhere and believes that by stealing the bowl it will make things better. Could that work?”
“Or, what about religion. Someone thinks that we are desecrating the bowl by having it displayed in the library. Maybe they think it should be in a church somewhere,” Jason said.
I broke in. “Some prosecutors believe that all crimes are done for money or love. How could this be a crime of love?”
Nothing for a minute and then Veronica said, “Well, it could have been a gift… to someone’s love. Something that she always said that she admired.”
“Or,” Monica said, “it could be that someone loved the bowl so much that they had to have it.”
“How could someone love a bowl?” Ralphy said. “I mean it’s a bowl.”
“I love Monet paintings. I wouldn’t steal one, but I would love to own one,” Monica said. “It’s just like that.”
“I get it,” he said.
 I banged my pencil on my notepad. “Now, how are we going to find out which one on our list is the right one?”
“Maybe some evidence at the crime scene can help us,” Jason said. “But what?”
“We didn’t get anything useful from the crime scene,” I said. “It was contaminated by all the traffic that was there before the crime was reported. The question in my mind is still: why the bowl? What does the bowl possess that other things around the school don’t. The only thing that we learned from the crime scene is they wanted the bowl and nothing else: that was the only thing they wanted.
“Even though most crimes are committed for money, I think that we should put money as a low priority on our list of reasons for the crime. So then, the other big reason for committing a crime is love. Love of what? The beauty of the bowl? The love of Greece? The love of ancient civilizations? The love of a woman? The love of power, of knowledge? The opposite of love, hatred of our school, or Professor Noone?
“The crime scene can’t help us so what can we use? His choosing this bowl. What is its value for the thief? That is the question. What does the bowl do for the thief?”
“I agree with you, Professor. I think it was for love, for love of beauty. That girl who discovered it missing really loved it and maybe many other people might feel the same,” Veronica said.  
“Maybe it wasn’t love but something that someone needed,” Jason said.
“What do you mean, Jason?” Veronica asked.
“I mean maybe it was needed to complete a collection or something like that,” Jason replied.
“What if it was needed for some ancient religious thing, some old guy cult,” Ralphy said.
“How could it be used by a cult?” Monica asked.
“I don’t know. Pottery worship? I don’t know!” Jason said.
“Pottery worship? Good Jason,” Ralphy said.
“Who are my researchers here?”
“We are,” Veronica said. Monica raised her hand and waved.
“OK, researchers, go on the internet and see if there is a pottery worshiping sect, or, for that matter, any group that might worship antiquities. See what you come up with, ladies.
“The rest of you, keep your ears open and do your school work,” I said.
“Tell us when you find something, Professor,” Ralphy said.
 “I’ll let you know when we find something useful,” I said as they started to file out. 
*   *   *
“I think we found something, Professor,” Veronica said as she walked into my office with her sister the next day after their 4 o’clock class. Now the whole gang was here. Ralphy and Jason had stopped in to see what advances had been made.
“We started by looking up ancient pottery worship and we didn’t get anything useful. We tried ancient religions but, although it was interesting, there was no mention of pottery in any of them,” Veronica said. 
“But then, after reading about those old religions we started thinking about cults. Maybe some cult would use the bowl. So we looked into cults and religious groups.”
Monica broke in, “We found several sites about witchcraft and they have many rituals that use sacred items. We think that we should look into this witchcraft stuff more. What do you think, Professor?”
“You ladies might have something. See if you can find out more about the specific items used in their rituals.”
“What about those channelers and psychics? I think that they need some special things for their meetings with ghosts,” Jason said.
“Spirits, not ghosts,” Monica said. She looked at the ceiling in exasperation.
“OK, spirits,” Jason replied. “Are you our new expert on unnatural things?”
Both ladies let the statement go.
“Jason,” I said. “why don’t you look into these mediums and seers and see what else you can come up with?” 
“I believe,” Veronica looked at me and nodded, her eyebrows down very low. “The thief has a beaker full of evil and, until we catch him, he will pour his evil all over this campus.” She looked around at all of us seeking affirmation while continuously nodding.
How can you not love this girl?



 
Chapter 8       
First Library Tour
On my way down the corridor, I bumped into the mailman who gave me an armful, mostly catalogs and flyers, mostly for my officemates. I sorted out my stuff and brought it into my office. I sat down and looked through the pile. 
There was something from the State of Wisconsin. Wisconsin? What do they want from me? I read the letter… something about my grant was granted and the check is enclosed. I looked at the second sheet which was a check for seven thousand dollars and a check stub. It said pay to the order of Fay Reynolds. But why did they send it to me?  Where’s the envelope? Oops. It’s addressed to Ms. Fay Reynolds.
I could hear her in the outer office at the shredding machine. Boy will she be happy when she hears this. I walked up to her at the shredder.  She had a whole bundle of grade reports in her lap and she was methodically feeding the machine a handful at a time.
I smiled, “Here.” I gave her the cover letter and the other sheet with the check and stub. She looked at me and added the two papers I just gave her to a half dozen other papers and stuffed them into the shredder.
“No!” I shouted, but it was too late. The shredder did its work on all of the papers that it had just received. Fay looked up. “What?” 
“Those papers, they were for you. It was a grant with a check.”
She didn’t move. And then she looked into the shredder, her mouth open in shock. “What did I do? How stupid am I?”
“There, there, Fay,” I patted her shoulder. “I’ll call and tell them it was my fault. I opened the letter and the check got misplaced. Don’t worry. We’ll get you that check.” She still wasn’t moving.
*    *    *
After lunch, I walked to the library and up to the head librarian’s office. She was in and greeted me like you would greet a reptile.
“Well, Professor Palma, and to what do I owe this visit?”
“I’d like to look around, if I may. Perhaps you could give me a tour. I’ve never really seen the entire library.” I looked at her with my pleading little boy smile. It worked. She reached in her drawer and pulled out a big keyring with dozens of keys on it.
With a disgusted look she said, “Let’s go.” 
Beems was hiding something. She seemed embarrassed as we toured the basement.
“We don’t need to go in there,” she said. “It’s only junk storage, things that we haven’t thrown out, but should.”
“Could I see it anyway? You never know where we’ll find something important,” I said.
     “I’d let you in but I don’t know where the key is. It isn’t on our regular key system for some reason or another,” she said.
I tried the doorknob, gave it a twist, and pushed. Nothing happened. It didn’t turn. And the door didn’t move. It looked serious, a single thick panel of wood with brown pealing paint. 
“I suppose l could look for the key and let you know when I find it,” Ms. Beems said while standing behind me with her hands in her lap, clutching the keyring.
“That would be good. And if you could look for the key for that other door too, that would help.” These were the only two doors that we couldn’t open.
 “I’ll see what I can do,” she said and looked away.
I made a note to myself to have Jason or, better yet, Ralphy, see if he could talk to one of the student workers and see if he can get into those rooms. I don’t think I’ll hear from Ms. Beems in the near future. I left and went to my office to think, to dream, perhaps to sleep.
Both Jason and Ralphy were waiting for me, talking to Fay in the outer office. 
I don’t have Fay to myself. She also works for Bill Neilson and Sandi Rhodes whose offices are, like mine, attached to the outer office. They both teach undergrad psychology. Sandi is newly married to Coach Bob Rhodes which is why she has that stripper-like name. No loving parents would name their precious daughter “Sandi Rhodes.”
“I have a project for you, Ralphy,” I said while ushering them into my office.
“What’s up, Professor?” Ralphy asked.
“I need you to use your charms on one of the student workers at the library.”
He grinned. “What do you mean, Professor?”
“Tomorrow, after class, see if you can wend your way into the heart of one of the library workers and have her show you those two rooms that I didn’t see with Beems today. They were in the basement and were numbered L028 and L013.”
“Sounds pretty spooky. Are you sure you’re up to it, Ralphy?” Jason said.
Ralphy just looked at him with a look that said, “What a bonehead.”
Jason grinned back, nodding.



 
Chapter 9       
The Faculty Party
 
We were in the most elegant room in the school, the President’s Room. Three chandeliers spread their light over the dark paneled walls and the scarlet carpet which turned conversations to murmurs, unintelligible mumbles of people enjoying themselves. This was the room that the administration used for events covered by the press.
The first gathering of the school year, a party where the administration thanks the faculty for their good work last year and welcomes everyone back to a new academic year. It was a reason for all the ladies to get a new dress. Everyone dressed, not tuxes, but nicely, for this evening. Not a pair of cowboy boots could be seen. Free food, free booze, they would have perfect attendance again this year.
I was to meet Landra here, my date for the evening. I wanted to pick her up. The Jag can be very impressive when I shine it up and polish the upholstery but she was having none of it. She said, “I’ll be your date—but I’ll drive my own car,” I agreed because I’ve asked her out several times before and she just flat out said no, not interested. I think she agreed this time because she didn’t want all the other men at the University hitting on her. I was her ticket to a hassle free night.
I remember the first time we went out, last spring, to a wedding of some history professor. Every man, married or not, who had more than two drinks was making a fool of himself over her, asking her where she worked and probably less acceptable things. Fortunately, the groom was able to control himself. Anyway, I’m well pleased that she accepted my invitation. Maybe next year I’ll be promoted to escort and driver. At this rate, we’ll share our first kiss sometime after Mars is colonized—something to look forward to.
“How is your investigation of the bowl coming?” she asked.
“Could be better.”
“Not going well?” she asked.
“I mean I haven’t a clue. Nothing concrete has linked anyone to anything. I feel like I don’t know what direction I’m going.”
She was silent, then, “You’ll find it. I know you will.”
“Maybe,” I answered with my impressively quick wit.
“How could someone reach you? Do they know you’re the man to see? Do you have a website, one where they could contact you anonymously, to tell you some secret about the bowl’s whereabouts?”
“You’re good. That’s a good idea.” I put on my winning smile. “How about we skip this party and go make a web page?”
“You know, Frank, the only reason I came with you tonight is because I feel safe with you. I don’t feel like you are going to be ‘all over me.’” She looked up at me with her man melting green eyes.
“I’m just kidding, you know that. Don’t you?” I said.
“I hope your kidding because I enjoy your wit. You’re not as stupid as most of the men I meet.”
Was that a compliment? Landra Lodge is tall, slim, and, well, perfect. She looks a lot better than the models in Cosmopolitan and Elle. The cut of her short, blonde-streaked hair fit perfectly with her sculpted features. Lips, eyes, ankles—can’t be improved.  She’s everyman’s idea of the perfect woman and she affects me like she does the rest of the men at the University, the universe. It’s hard for me to act like James Bond when she’s around. I feel more like Barney Fife.
She works in the Bursar’s Office, something to do with statistics. She taught math somewhere, but moved into administration. I don’t know if she was motivated by money, power or just didn’t like teaching. Landra keeps her cards close to her chest, a place I would like to be close to also.
I met her at a school function when she first arrived and I thought we hit it off rather well. Since then, I have asked her out a few times. I’ve been batting around .300. She says that it’s not me she’s against, it’s men in general. I guess she had a bad marriage or relationship or some serious man problem. Whatever. She’s a smart cookie. I know she has her masters and she might be working toward her doctorate. I don’t know, she never talks about herself. She’s like CIA, or maybe KGB, all my questions are deflected back to me so she ends up knowing all my secrets and I don’t even know what kind of car she drives.
In spite of her psychological baggage, she would be an asset to our team. She has a sharp mind with an encyclopedic memory. When we converse—when I talk—she has a far away look in her green eyes like everything said is being digested, words in their contexts, nuances, concepts, all going into her long term memory to be called up at a second’s notice.
I gave her my most masculine of looks—one eyebrow raised, lips pursed. “Drinky?” I asked.
She gave me her “what a pill look.” “Chablis, if they have it. If not, then any white wine.”
I don’t know why I always say dumb things to her. I guess it’s gallows humor. She’s such a knockout, I think I am trying, subconsciously, to say I’m not intimidated by her, but of course I am. Or maybe I am a bonehead.
I head to the bar. It’s crowded and the snippets of conversation I overhear are about Gallipoli, Marlowe, a border around a Gaussian surface, and String Theory. This ain’t a White Sox game.
I see Larry, my friend the Dean, turning with two hands filled with drinks, he spots me. “Professor Palma, how are you? Are you alone? Or did you bring THE WOMAN?”
“Hi, Larry. Yeah, I brought Landra. And she told me she wanted to get in the back seat of a Miata with you.” 
He smiled. “Ever the jester. How’s the bowl investigation coming? Did you find it yet?”
“I wish. I’m at that point where nothing is happening and I feel like I’ll never find it.”
“Keep the faith, buddy. I got to go. I’ll talk with you later.” He went off to find his spouse, staggering under the burden of two glasses and two napkins.
It was my turn to order. “A Chablis and a Beck’s, please.” The bartender was a perky blonde with a friendly smile wearing a tux-like outfit.
“We don’t have Chablis,” she said. “How about a Chardonnay? And, we don’t have Becks. How about a Heineken’s?”
I nodded my acceptance. Wow, two out of two misses. I’m doing as well with the bartender as with Landra.
I put the tip in the jar, took her glass, my bottle with the glass on top, and napkins back to my date. There was a short, round, bald guy that I didn’t recognize talking to her when I arrived. Nice suit.
“Frank, this is John Moody. We work together, although he is much more innovative in his financial estimates than I am.” I handed her the wine.
“That doesn’t mean lying with numbers, does it?” They both gave me a patronizing smile. I poured my Heineken’s into the glass and sipped the rest of the beer out of the bottle which I stuck in my pocket.
“We were just talking about the stolen bowl. John thinks it was an inside job,” Landra said.
“Why is that, John?” I asked. Everyone knows more than the investigators.
“Well, first, it was taken at the ideal time. People were being given performance reviews then. And second, it was taken and not noticed for a week.”
“Only four days, John, not a week.”
“Don’t be so defensive, Frank,” Landra said, darting a glance at me.
 “Another thing,” John said, “is that it was a way to humiliate the school, right before homecoming. It seemed like the person who took it knew all about the politics of the school, and how bad it would be if it wasn’t on display during homecoming. I don’t think that it could have been taken for money because who could buy it?”
“Points well taken. I’ve thought these same things, John. Like minds go down similar paths, eh?” I said.
He smiled at Landra. “I’ve got to go. Nice talking to you, Frank.” He shook my hand. “I’ll see you at work, Monday, Landra. Enjoy yourselves.” He left and entered a throng in the center of the room where I could hear loud talking and see backslapping rampant among the men. The women were better behaved. 
Landra wrapped her hands around her napkin covered drink. “There should be more of these. Hastings should have more social events, or concerts, where we could dress up and go out.” She looked up at me giving me the full effect of her green eyes. “We shouldn’t have to go to Chicago for everything. There are a lot of talented people in town and at the university, and there’s so much money around here.” She smiled, like a flower. I don’t think she ever did that before. I luxuriated in the warmth of her smile that was just for me, I think. 
“Excuse me.”
“Huh?” I said. I was still blissed out on the smile. I turned a bit and saw a nondescript young man standing almost between Landra and me.
“Hi Landra. How are you?” he said looking not at her but at his hands which held a beer bottle.
“Hello, Herman.” She gave him a slight smile and turned to me. “Frank, this is Herman Walsh. We work together. How are you?” 
“I’m fine. Great party, eh? I hear that the caterers are from Chicago. That’s why we have all these fancy little sandwich things.” He held up his little sandwich to demonstrate his point. 
This guy was less smooth than I.
“I saw you standing here and I thought I would come over and say hi,” Herman said.
“That was sweet. Thank you, Herman.” She delicately touched his forearm.
“Can I get you a drink, Landra, Professor?”
“Thank you, no,” she said. “We just got one.”
 “The game. We should thoroughly trounce them this weekend. The Coyotes haven’t a chance against Brokowski. He’s the best QB we’ve ever had. Even better than Darovic or Byrne. He might be on the injured list this week so they’ll have to start someone else.”
Landra and I nodded in agreement. I was worried that he would ask my opinion of some team or player and I don’t know anything. OK, I do know that he’s talking about football. 
Herman spent a few more minutes discussing the Bears’ chance this year and then eased into the Bulls. Finally, he noticed that we weren’t contributing to the discussion.  With his head down, he said that he was going to get another drink and asked if we were sure that we didn’t want one. We indicated that we were full up.
“He’s a well meaning boy,” Landra said after he left. “Let’s see what’s to eat,” 
By the time we sampled the canapés and finished our second drink, the room was emptying. We walked through the lot to her car in silence except for her clicking heels. She looked at me and said, “Thank you, Frank. It was a nice evening.” She squeezed my hand and then got in her car. She started the car, looked at me and gave me a finger wave. I watched her drive down the tree lined road into the dark night. 



Chapter 10                         
Witch Meeting Was That
 
I don’t know what got into me. I thought that if I went there now, no one would be there and I could find out something useful. I had the keys for the front door that I got from ___ so I was able to get to step 1. I’m sorry I can’t name the person who gave me the keys since this would violate my ethics, the Jason Malloy Code of Professional Ethics. 
I glanced around when I put the key in the lock. I shouldn’t have done that. I promised myself I wouldn’t do that. The correct thing to do would be to walk up the steps and stick the key in the lock like you were supposed to be in the building and you were late. But, I’m learning and I have to admit I’m nervous.
As you would expect, it was dark inside. There were a few lights on but if I was a burglar, which I almost am, these few lights would not showcase my presence in the library.
Next to the elevator were the stairs. I opened the door and tried the lock to see if I closed the door, would I be locked in the stairwell. OK, it wasn’t locked. If the Professor found out that I was doing this extra-legal action, he would say, “Jason, who told you to do this? What were you thinking?” That is, unless I found something that was of value. Actually, even then he would kill me. He is a stickler for ethics and for setting a good example for us.
Down the stairs I went. Slowly because the lights were so dim that I could easily trip and make a noise that would alert any evil-doers, or cops, that were in the area. The air felt dry and warm like a boiler room of an apartment building.
At the bottom of the stairs, I heard sounds, like humming or singing—something human—it wasn’t a machine or the creaking of the building. I went left, toward the sound. There was a light on in a room at the end of the corridor which lit the path for me. There was no other illumination. The sound was louder as I got closer. I pressed myself against the wall next to the open door and, putting aside all my fears, sneaked a look into the room.
I can’t believe it! Wait till I tell  Ralphy, and Palma! At the end of this forty foot square storage room were about eight or nine people in a circle, holding hands. They were all naked. Naked as the day they were born. There were two men and the rest were female. They all looked ready for retirement. Droop and flap are the words that I would use to describe the scene. Pretty or beauty was not here tonight. If I wasn’t such a horny perv, I would have quietly ran from my spot next to the door, but the opportunity to see our zany librarian was too much. 
They were singing or chanting something in a foreign tongue or they were saying something backwards. I can’t believe it! Our Ms. Beems, naked as anything bouncing up and down, holding hands with the two men and prancing around a big candle that must have been a half a foot in diameter and twice as tall. The candle was in a bowl. A bowl colored like the missing one only much larger, large enough to accommodate the candle. They stopped now. They turned to their partners, the person on their left, held both of their hands and very gently kissed on the lips. Then they looked like athletes after an event. Coming down, unreeling from the experience. It looked like they were through and getting ready to leave.
With great care, I slowly moved backwards, away from the door. I stopped. Someone was behind me and was pushing a board into my back. I raised my hands in surrender and carefully turned around to see my captor. I just about passed out from relief. What happened was I backed into a partially open door. Did I make a noise? I don’t know. I looked around to see if those in the room had heard me. I tip toed backwards down the corridor to the stairs. 
Yes, I could have probably learned more if I stayed around longer and observed but, let’s face it, I’m chicken, a pussycat at best.
Who were those people with Beems and what were they doing down there? Wait till I tell the gang!



 
Chapter 11                         
Library Discussion
 
“I am angry with you, Jason. That was a crime.” We were all at the Bar Bar having lunch, courtesy of MAW, and I was reading the riot act to Jason for his unthinking venture into the library last night. What was he thinking?
“Wait,” Ralphy said. “It’s not Breaking and Entering because he didn’t break in. And it’s not Criminal Trespass because he had no criminal intent. I would say the worst Jason would be charged with would be Trespass or Unlawful Entry, not really anything that carries a sentence worth talking about.”
“What about ethics here?” I asked. “What about doing what is right? What about behaving responsibly? What did I teach you? Nothing? Even if he isn’t charged, he still did wrong. That is not how information is gathered by law enforcement units or prosecutors. I expect more from you guys. I have told you time and again about the responsibilities of being a law officer. It’s not just about getting caught. If you act with disregard for the law, you are no better that the people that we are tracking down. We are the same as the criminals. We are the criminals.”
“The professor is right,” Veronica said. Monica nodded her approval. “You can’t just go wherever you want. There are rules that we must follow. And besides, you could have gotten hurt. Those people could have taken you prisoner.”
“Not likely,” Ralphy added. “Those people were so old that if there wasn’t an elevator there, they’d probably have to hold their meeting on the first floor.”
“I don’t mean disrespect, Professor, but how could we have gotten that information other than the way Jason got it?”
I answered by saying: “I know people in the administration. I could have asked them to give me permission and keys to go into the library, or for that matter, into any building that I thought was necessary to carry out our investigation. There are always many different ways to solve a problem—if you use your head. That’s the key, use your head.”  
“I’m sorry, Professor. I got carried away with the Private Investigator thing. I won’t do it again,” Jason said.
“None of you are indispensable. Remember that. If anyone is not following my guidelines or is not doing what I ask them to do, they will be removed from the group. Is that understood?” I looked at each one of them with my most serious look and settled on Jason’s face
They all nodded in agreement.
“All right,” I said. “Since you were there, what did you find out?”
“I don’t know if it’ll help us, but I did learn a lot, Professor,” Jason said.
“Like what?” Ralphy said.
“Well, I went downstairs and it was pretty dark. I heard something. Something like moaning or chanting so I headed in that direction. There was a room with a light on near the end of the hall. I thought that’s where the sound was coming from. When I looked in, I couldn’t believe it. Everyone was dancing around naked.”
“What?” Veronica said sitting up with her eyes wide open. Monica did the same.
“They were in a circle holding hands and like moving around and singing all naked. And, let me tell you it wasn’t pretty.”
“Ms. Beems was the only person I recognized by name. There was another lady of Beems’ vintage there but I don’t know her name. They were all old guys and old ladies dancing around with no clothes on.”
“Besides their lack of clothes, what else did you see?” I asked.
“You know, thinking back on it, I was so shocked by their nakedness that I don’t remember much else,” Jason said.
“They were in a circle, moving around. Do you think that this was a game that they were playing?” I asked. “What were they doing?”
“No, it seemed like it could have been something religious. The music seemed kinda like church music. Like maybe they were praying for Spring to come or some Indian dance to pray for good crops or something.”
“Could you understand what they were singing?” I asked.
“No.
“Did you recognize the language, French, German, Spanish?”
“No, I don’t know what language they were singing. It sound kinda like German, you know, harsh.”
“Did they have music playing, to accompany their singing?”
“No, I don’t think so,” Jason said.
“Were there any statues or things that they might have been worshiping?” I asked.
“They had a candle that they were dancing around.”
“What did it look like? Where was it?”
Jason thought for a moment and replied: “It was big, about a foot tall and half a foot wide. It was red and had several wicks, three, I think. Now that I think about it, that was the only light in the room. It gave them a red look, a bloody look.” He stopped for a moment and then said, “I don’t remember anything unusual about the room.”
I asked: “Was there a lot of junk lying around or was it clean? Were books or cartons stored there? Were there offices or desks in the room? And, do you remember the room number?”
“No, I don’t recall the room number and I don’t remember it being messy or having any desks but I do remember that there were some tables, large tables, like work tables, and there was a big book open on the worktable. It was really big, like one of those dictionaries you find in a library.” He cleared his throat. “The room was at the end of a corridor in the basement.”
“Jason, you were in a library. Duh,” Ralphy said.
“I know that. It was like a big prayer book. Maybe they were following directions for their ritual from it? It had a black leather cover and gold edges on the pages and it looked old and used. Oh yeah, and the candle, it was in a bowl, a big bowl and it was decorated on the outside. Now that I think about it, it was like our stolen bowl only bigger, much bigger.” 
“What were they doing, Professor?” Ralphy asked.
“That could have been some ritual of a cult that they all belong to. I think that this was some form of worship or prayer. We’ll have to look in to this—more internet and library work,” I said. I made a note to talk to our Ms. Beems ASAP.



 
Chapter 12                         
March Talks
 
I arrived at her office Monday at 10AM. It was nice, a lot bigger than mine with many school-owned artifacts displayed on shelves. I mean, I don’t think that the miniature harp or life size bust of Voltaire were her own. She greeted me in a friendly way which said that she was pleased to see me but she had a busy day scheduled. She asked me to be seated.
“What can I do for you, Professor? Is this visit related to our recent theft?” 
“I don’t know.” I didn’t know how I could politely introduce her dancing in the basement the other night without causing her embarrassment or clamming up on the subject. I thought I’d ease into it from an oblique angle. “I don’t know, Ms. Beems, if this is related. I had a report that there was some activity in the library basement last Sunday night. I was hoping that you could fill me in on what was going on.”
She knitted her brow. “What time was this activity?”
“I believe that it was around 9 o’clock. One of the students heard singing and looked in the window to see what was going on.”
“Why was the student interested? I mean singing isn’t that unusual around here.”
“Well, he said that it wasn’t regular singing but more like chanting or, his words, “sounded like some pagan ritual.”
That perked her up. She sat up straight in her chair and became instantly interested in sorting through the papers on her desk. “Pagan ritual, that sounds strange. Why would a person think that?”
“You know kids. They always put a sinister twist on everything. But, did you have a room signed out in the basement last Sunday night? Do you have a list of the clubs that use your rooms?”
“Yes we do. We keep a list of everyone who uses a room. No one would be allowed to use a room unless they signed out for it.”
She still was working on the papers on her desk. “Is it possible for you to check on that for me? I’d be glad to wait.”
“I’ll see who had signed out for the rooms, but I can’t do it now. I’ll have one of my staff call you,” she said, a little relieved that she would have some time to make up a response for me. “When do you need it?”
“If I could have it by the end of the day, I would appreciate it. It might help us with our search for the stolen bowl. And,” I said in passing, “have you found the keys for those two rooms in the basement? Could it have been one of those rooms that the singing was coming from?”
“I really don’t think so,” she said with downcast eyes, “since I don’t think anyone has keys for them. I haven’t found the keys yet.”
“Would Security have keys? Don’t they have keys for everything?”
“I suppose so. When I have exhausted my sources here at the library, I’ll check with them.”
“Ms. Beems, thank you for your time. I appreciate your help.”
“How is the investigation coming? Are you close to finding it?”
“No leads yet but we are getting some background information on the bowl. When we find why someone wanted it, we’ll be able to pinpoint the person who took it. Thanks again for your help.” I stood to leave as did Ms. Beems, who gave me a real smile now that I was going.
I don’t think she’s the bad guy but I do think that something is going on here that is not kosher. She has something to hide, and it’s not just her relationship with Hoover, the Director—or President. 
“If we can solve this ourselves, we won’t have to bring in the police. Good day, Ms. Beems,” I said as I walked out of her office into the outer office where her secretary usually sits. I turned back to look at her. She was crushing paper between her hands and looking vacantly out the window.
What’s the deal with our Ms. Beems? Was that stuff in the basement last Sunday her hobby or was there some direct connection to the theft of the bowl? Is that our first lead, the incident in the basement? Was the thief there? Is the bowl hidden in the basement? I need more information on her, and the rest of those at that meeting.
*   *   *
The LaMonicas have been putting in a lot of time researching religions and cults. They came to my office this afternoon after class to tell me what they found. Veronica started the discussion as she usually did, since she’s the alpha male, or whatever.
“Monica found some important things on the internet today, Professor. She found the group that Ms. Beems and the others belong to, didn’t you Monica?”
“I think so. I was looking up ancient religions and I found one that had a ritual that was like Jason described, people dancing around a lit candle in a bowl dressed, you know, like they were.”
“And what was their religion called?”
Monica said, “I think that they are worshippers of the sun god, Ra, and they are called either Ramen or, Ramaidens depending if they are boys or women. The purpose of the ritual, I think, was to give thanks for the harvest. Most of their rituals have to do with earthy things like successful crops, good growing weather, and fertility. They do them in different seasons and always during some special phase of the moon. They are not, according to my research, dangerous or evil and all of their rituals have a candle in a bowl and they’re always dressed that way. The most evil thing they do is the way they dress for their rituals.”
“Thank you Monica. Do you think that they might be the ones that took the bowl? Would they use it in any of their rituals?” I asked.
“It’s possible. They were using some type of bowl for their candle the other night. Maybe.” 
*  *  *
Myrna March was taken aback when I dropped into her office on the second floor of the library Wednesday morning. She got up from her desk and headed toward the windows of her sunlit office where she sorted papers on the sill into neat piles and gave me furtive glances over her shoulder. Seeing her in her Sunday night uniform wouldn’t have been as bad as seeing Beems, but it wouldn’t be something I’d wait in line for. She looked like a pencil with her slim yellow dress and eraser colored hair—a perfect no. 2. Not really bad for a woman rubbing up against sixty.
“Good morning, Myrna, I hope I haven’t come at a bad time. Could you spare me a few minutes?”
“What is this about, Professor?” she asked, frowning at me while returning to her desk. 
“Several things.” I turned around and closed the door quietly. She sat down looking at me like I was an IRS auditor. “First of all, what was going on last Sunday night? One of my students said that he heard chanting in the basement. He said that it sounded like some sort of pagan witchcraft ritual. You know, one of those rituals where the room is only lit by candles and everyone gets naked and dances around in a circle.” She couldn’t have been more uncomfortable; her face was scarlet, she crossed and uncrossed her legs.
I’ve known her as long as I’ve been at Braxton and she’s always treated me nicely. I felt like a real jerk coming down so hard on her, but I did need to get started on this investigation. 
“I don’t know anything about what happened in the basement Sunday night. I was dining with Ms. Beems.”
I leaned forward and put my elbows on her desk. I crossed my hands and said softly, “I know for a fact that you were there last Sunday night because you were seen there, you and Ms. Beems, dancing in the buff with about eight other people around a red candle and singing for what, world peace?” I leaned back in my chair. The ball was in her glove.
Her face matched her hair. She unbent a paper clip in her lap and said: “I wasn’t there.”
“Come on, Myrna, you were seen! And I mean totally seen, with nothing left to the imagination, you and Ms. Beems, your alibi.”
She didn’t say anything for a moment, then, “What do you want, money?” She looked me straight in the eye. “What are you going to blackmail me for? I’m not a wealthy woman I’ve worked here for 33 years. This job is all that I have. It is my life. If I lose it, I have nothing, nothing at all.”
“I know that. I also know that you are a nice woman. A person who has always treated me kindly. I’m not here to blackmail you. I’m here to get some information that might help us find the stolen bowl. That’s all I’m concerned with, Myrna, really.”
She cast her eyes down at her lap and the bent paper clip. “What do you want?” She said this so quietly that I barely heard her.
“First, what was going on in the basement, and why can’t I get into those two locked rooms down there?”
“I don’t know anything about those locked rooms.” She paused, to gather strength, I suppose. “Sunday night.” She sighed and remained looking down. “It was one of our gatherings. We have them once a month. This one was to pray for one of our members who is in the hospital. She wasn’t feeling well for weeks so the doctor told her to go in for tests. We were praying for her return to good health.”
I nodded in assent. Then she continued.
“We shouldn’t have used the library. I deeply regret it now.” I could see that she was having a very difficult time talking about this. “It was a hastily called meeting so we couldn’t find a place. The only place available at such short notice was the room in the library basement,” she said. “I was foolish and I’ll never do it again.” She sighed. “All the doors were locked, all of the lights were out. I thought we wouldn’t be disturbed—or observed, especially by one of your students.”
Now I felt guilty. However, I had to forge on. “What is your group called? Is it a religious group?”
“No, we worship the sun and the earth. The only true things in life.”
“How long have you been a member?”
“When I started, the other women were very protective of their husbands at our rituals. So you can see that it was a long time ago.”
“I can’t believe that they are still not so.”
“That was kind, thank you.”
“Does your group have a name? Is this a national group?”  
      ”Our sect was founded before your Christ. It isn’t an organized religion. It’s a group of people with similar views. We’re concerned with giving thanks to nature. We are called Ramaidens. The men are called Ramen.” 
 “Like the noodles? Sorry, I shouldn’t have said that.” She gave me a look that I deserved. I was unsuccessfully lightening the mood.
“Tell me about the theft. Why do you think it was taken?”
“I really don’t know.” she looked right at me as she said it.
“Myrna, try to think of a reason that someone would take the bowl. What could someone use it for? It would be too hard to sell. Anyone who bought it would know that it was stolen.”
“There are some people who believe that it could be used for the transport of spirits. I don’t believe this but there are some that do.”
“Who?”
“Seers, for one, and those people that channel other people’s spirits.”
“Do you know any of these people? Do you have their names?” She shook her head no. 
“Thank you for your time.” As I walked out she said: “I hope you find him soon.” I waved and headed toward the front door.    
What do they know that I don’t? I leaned on Myrna March and all I got was a nebulous thought that some seer or spiritualist might have grabbed the bowl. I’ll meet with the kids and see what ideas they might have. One of us is not as smart as a whole bunch of us.
*    *    *
We were at the Bar Bar for lunch. Ralphy and Jason were piling on the calories while the LaMonicas ordered their regular—salad, lo-cal dressing.
“Where do you think we should go now?” I asked no one in particular. 
“Let’s see a seer,” Ralphy said between gulps of coffee and mouthfuls of burger. “Maybe just our going will teach us about the stuff they use, see if they have anything like our bowl on hand. It won’t hurt, will it Professor?” 
 “No, it won’t hurt. I don’t think it will be too costly. And, if it is, we’re still on MAW’s account, our insurance company benefactor. May I ask our charming researchers to find a seer for us to visit?” 
“Sure, Professor,” Veronica said smiling.
 “See if you can make a list of the closest ones. We don’t want to be traveling far, OK?”
“All right, Professor,” Monica replied. She turned to her sister and said: “I’m free next period so I’ll start on it,” Veronica nodded. They had finished eating and were getting up. They both finger waved goodbye, turned and left. 
“Meet me at two in the library,” Monica continued the conversation with her sister as they were leaving the room, “and we’ll see what else we need to do.” 
I told the boys: “I’m going back to my office and do some school things. We’ll meet here tomorrow for lunch and see what’s new.”
When I got back to my office, there was a letter on my desk from Ms. Beems. I opened it and read: “See me this afternoon. W. Beems.”
I looked at my desk for any other cryptic messages or important meetings that needed immediate attention—nothing except a notice about a change in the university dental plan prepayment policy.
“Fay, I’m going to the library. I shouldn’t be long,” I told our assistant.
“All right, Professor.”
*  *  *
“I wasn’t completely candid with you the last time we spoke,” Ms. Beems said. She was at her desk reading Publishers Weekly.
“Is this confession motivated by a discussion that you had with Ms. March?”
“Partly,” she said, “but also because I would like to have this mess resolved as quickly—and neatly—as possible. This theft doesn’t look good on my resume.”
“I didn’t know that you were looking for a job.”
“It’s an expression.” She folded her hands on her desk and gave me an executive-talking-to-an-employee look. “Your mucking around here is not helping anyone. I would like to know what I can do to get you out of my hair.”
“Well, first tell me what you think happened to the bowl. Who do you think took it? What good is it to anyone?”
“Like Myrna March said, it was probably a spiritualist of some kind who took it to be used in some ritual or other. I don’t think it was taken to be sold. That would be too hard to do.”
“A spiritualist? How would one of them know that we had this special bowl?”
“We have some books here, and there are more at city libraries, that mention the bowl and some show pictures. As with famous paintings, there are many places where you can read a description of our ‘jewel’ which means that anyone who is interested can find out about it and where it is located.”
I made a note to see if any other similar thefts have occurred recently. We might not be alone. We could use someone else’s research to help us.
“Do you think that someone in the library was involved? Can you think of anyone who would take it?” I asked.
“I can’t imagine anyone here who would do something like that.” She paused for a moment. “Did you hear about Dwayne?”
“No, what about him?” Dwayne was a nice guy who worked with buildings and grounds. He’s been here longer than I have.
“He tendered his resignation yesterday. Although he’s a very nice person, I can’t see him easily getting a new job. He must be over fifty now.”
“Why? Did he say?”
She said: “He said he was looking for a change.”
Could this be a lead? Is he leaving because of the bowl? 



 
Chapter 13                         
Jason’s Room
 
I’m lucky. I didn’t think so at first but I am. Even Thirty-two says I’m lucky. Yesterday, he said, “Jason, you lucked out with that place of yours.”
My room is on the third floor, near the corner, and overlooks the quad—the courtyard between the dorms. Originally, I wanted a room in the front so I could see the Kennedy walkway and watch all the action, if you get my drift.
That was my first thought but Thirty-two has a room in front and I go there to visit and I’m glad that I don’t live on that side. It’s so noisy. You can hear everyone walking by. I mean no one talks, it’s all shouting. The most stupid conversations are going on and I can hear the whole thing. I mean, who cares about who asked who out, big deal. Well OK, there could be a little jealousy since my time spent with the fairer sex is almost the same amount of time I spend with the President. But you know what I’m driving at.
Now, in my room, I have this view of the garden behind the dorms. It’s mostly vegetables for the dining hall, but there’re some flowers there also.
The other night, when it was almost dark, I heard some quiet talking, almost conspiratorial. Nice word, eh? Usually no one goes back there. So when I heard voices, my detective mind (detective-in-training actually) became alert to the situation. 
It was two of the kitchen people. She had on a summer like dress all fluffy at the bottom and he was wearing pants that looked grey from a distance but, I knew from seeing them in the caf, they were black and white checked. His shirt was one of those worn by a chef, white and looking official. Does food taste better when they wear the uniform? Or maybe it makes us, seeing them dressed properly, subconsciously believe that they do wash after using the restroom.
Anyway, they were there in the garden and I had a perfect view since our dorm windows are big and old and without screens. You may think that this is a disadvantage, not having screens on your windows, but it makes it a whole lot easier for shouting, throwing stuff, and barfing.
If I had better writing skills, maybe I would have written a poem about it. The sun was turning the sky scarlet and it was not very light in the shadow of the trees where the garden was and the girl, or woman, probably woman, was nice looking. You know, a good shape. But she was old—maybe twenty-five, twenty-eight. And the guy was digging or pulling carrots or cabbages from the ground and she was holding her skirt out like a tray to hold the things he picked. They were smiling and her laugh was good. Well, it was “musical.”
I was glad to see that. It made me happy. They probably spend their whole lives in the kitchen and now they were enjoying our great weather. Yes, it’s a great room.



 
Chapter 14                         
First Séance
 
OK, we’re ready to go. It’s Tuesday night and Prof Palma is in the car with me waiting for the lovely LaMonica sisters. We thought, actually Prof P thought, we’d look like an interested group. He would be the uncle or cousin or something and we would be brother and sisters concerned about our dead relative—mom or aunt or someone dear. As usual, they were running late, they always were. They came out of the dorm quickly, quietly talking to each other, carrying purses which were larger than their usual ones. “Good evening Professor, Ralphy,” and, without a word, they climbed into the back seat of the old Jaguar. He took off after the door was closed.
“I suppose that we have to do this, I mean we’ll never find that darn bowl if we don’t do this, this séance,” Veronica said with Monica nodding in agreement. “We’ll do it but we’d rather not.”
I said, “What’s the big deal,” and Veronica, the older and wiser, said, “Nothing is a big deal for boys,” and then she clammed up.
Nothing was said for the rest of the ride to Madame Petrovsky’s. When we arrived, Prof P said, “All right, here’s how we’ll do it. There will be others there besides us so we’ll try to blend in. We’ll sit together, and keep our eyes open, see if there is any connection with Madame Petrovsky and Beems or anyone who has an interest in the bowl, understood? Remember, blend in; don’t do anything that will draw attention to you. We’re here to learn about these people.”
Everyone nodded. The LaMonicas were abnormally quiet. They usually have a million comments to make and now tonight they’re quiet. Maybe some of our good masculine traits have worn off on them by our working together.
Our arrival was greeted by a light grey-suited aide to Madame Petrovsky, kinda spooky, who directed us to the parlor on the right of the foyer. I could smell incense as I walked and heard low music playing—elevator music. The house was old, the walls were painted almost white, and the furniture was big and dark.
Monica asked nervously, “OK, where is the changing room, ah, the ladies room?” He said: “Straight ahead, past the stairway. Please join the rest of the guests in the main room which is to the left of the parlor.” Veronica turned and said, “You guys don’t look nervous, it must be different for you.” I looked at the Professor and he looked at me and shrugged his shoulders. They left, slumping forward, their big purses slung over their shoulders on their way to the washroom, looking to all like condemned prisoners on their way to the gas chamber.
We followed the assistant into the main room which was set up like a dining room. A round table with a white table cloth was in the middle of the room, under a crystal chandler which barely lit the room. There were three white candles on the table. After a few moments our eyes were used to the light and we could see our fellow guests. Two couples, one in their early twenties who looked like they thought that this was going to be a hoot, and the other couple, old, in their thirties, who looked serious, like this was something important, something to take seriously.
Introductions were made by our guide and then it happened. The LaMonicas returned from the rest room. Veronica led the two of them into the room. They both were dragging their big purses. The professor almost fell out of his chair. He looked at them and exclaimed, slowly, pausing after each word. “Oh—my—God! Girls, what happened?”
There they stood. With their bags pressed to the fronts of their bodies, naked underneath. Two gorgeous twenty year old girls without a stitch on. Being the youngest and the longest since I had, well, you know. It was impossible not to stare. To compare this one’s that with her sister’s. I was having a hard time breathing. The two couples turned to see what caused the professor’s comments and the women quickly turned back to the table with a “well, I never,” look, and their spouses or significant others tried not to stare but couldn’t manage it. They both finally turned back to the table when I saw the women that they were with give each a hard elbow to the ribs. I was trying to be mature and pretend that this occurred in my sophisticated life daily but I couldn’t keep my eyes off of them. This entrance and viewing took no more than three seconds.
“Isn’t this the way that seances are held? We read up on this,” Monica said while trying to cover herself. 
“You idiot Monica,” Veronica said as she turned and placed her big purse over her bum and stormed out of the room. Monica quickly ran after her, similarly covered.
The Prof leaned into me and murmured, “So much for low profile.” I nodded in agreement.
It was awkward for a few minutes while we all tried to act as if nothing had happened.
Five minutes later, Veronica appeared at the door, now fully clothed, and said, “We’ll wait in the car,” and rushed to join her sister in the hallway who was carrying the two purses.
Madame Petrovsky, who had missed the whole show, walked in wearing on her ample body a floor length black gown with some kind of shawl around her neck. She must have thought that we all appeared anxious because of the pending visit to the spirit world. It wasn’t that but the show that preceded that caused her customers to be perked up and so attentive—especially us red blooded males.
 After introductions, we sat quietly for a minute, then we all joined hands. I was holding onto Prof P on my left and on my right, I held onto the woman from the serious couple. She did not look like fun. All she needed was one of those pointed black hats and a broom and she could hold her own in the magic world. 
We were asked who we wanted to contact when the Prof called for reservations. I guess that was so they could go on the net to departed-spirits-dot-com and find out all of the things that would impress us and make us think that this wasn’t fake. Am I cynical? I’m too young to be cynical. But the key work here is bogus—high bogosity.
We started with the serious woman’s departed loved one, her husband. OK, then who was this guy with her tonight and did that make him feel good? Here he is, right next to her, and she prefers a dead guy. Go figure.
“We will now ask for Donald to make his presence known,” Mrs. Petrovsky said. She sat between the two younger folks, I believe, trying to split them up for the purpose of maintaining a non-giggling atmosphere. “Beloved Donald, we ask that you commune with us and walk among us. Please, everyone, say along with me: ‘Beloved Donald, we ask that you commune with us and walk among us.’” 
We did that maybe five or six times, and then we stopped. After a long minute of silence, the chandelier blinked. It was so slight that I wanted to ask the Professor if he saw it too. Nice touch, not gaudy like trumpets floating around or the table rising. I thought that it was cool—phony but cool.
Mrs. Petrovsky said with a quivering voice, “He is amongst us. What do you wish to know?”
I could feel the lady on my right squeeze me tighter when the light flickered. Now I could feel her hand sweating after Mrs. Petrovsky’s question.
“Ask him how he is,” she said.
Madame Petrovsky nodded and knitted her brows. “He is well, he has no pain now. He says that he has been watching you and he says that you must go on, move forward with your life.” 
The lady and her date looked at each other as if this was the sign that she was waiting for to give her all. Like a scene from Gone With The Wind, I expected her jump up from her chair and throw herself into the arms of her man and say something like, “I’ll neva… be hungry… again!”
Madame Petrovsky moved onto the next couple. They wanted to hear from Jim Morrison. They both were trying to keep straight faces as Mrs. Petrovsky was doing her stuff—conjuring spirits from the chandelier.
“He is unavailable to speak tonight,” she said in her spooky voice.
“Yeah, well it is Saturday night,” the young man said. His girlfriend couldn’t hold it in. She looked down at the table and by her motions you could see that she was fighting hard to not make any noise with her laughter. The professor and I had little difficulty controlling our mirth since we were professional investigators, experienced in hiding our true feelings.
Mrs. Petrovsky looked at the Professor. “And now, who was it you wanted to contact?”
“It’s my sister, his aunt.” He pointed to me.
“Do you have some clothing from her, a remembrance that I could use to summon her spirit back from the nether world?” Mrs. Petrovsky asked in her non-spooky voice.
“This is her keychain, the one that she always carried,” he said as he handed it to her.
It was his keychain. I recognized his office keys, those big brass ones that have “DO NOT DUPLICATE” stamped on the side. She held the keys and gave Palma a skeptical look that said, “I don’t believe it, but it’s your dollar.” She clutched them in both of her hands and pressed them to her chest.
 What’s the story? The other two couples didn’t have to bring anything for the lights to dim for them. Why us? If anyone should be considered non-believers of this hooey it should be that young couple, the gigglers.
“You said that your sister’s name was Irma?” she asked.
“Yes,” the Professor said quietly.
“She has many things to tell you about your life and her new life. More than we can discuss tonight.”
What a nice way to get us to come back and charge us another admission charge. She’s no dummy.
“Irma says that she wants her bracelet, the one with the colored stones.”
“Does she mean the scarab one with the slides?” Palma asked.
“I will ask her,” Mrs. Petrovsky said and she assumed the trance position—head down, palms flat on the table. She shook her head and quietly moaned. Then she said, “Yes, that is the one she wants. She said that you should bring it to me and I will transport it to her.”
How dumb are we supposed to be? She’ll transport it to the next world? Yeah, like maybe into her own jewelry box.
Palma said, “Is there anything else she needs?”
Yeah, I thought, some angel food cake, or maybe Suntan oil, depending on where she ended up.
Mrs. Petrovsky went into her trance position again and said, “She wants her slippers.”
Good diversionary tactic.
“And,” she added, “her favorite ring. She said that you would know which one she needs.”
Well that’s a good way to add to her séance income, used jewelry. I’ll bet that if I went to her next séance, she’d say, in her spooky voice, “Your husband commands you from beyond to buy this quality watch—Visa and Master Card accepted.”
“Yes,” Palma nodded. “I know the one she means.”
I think this is meant to be like a pay-as-you-go soap opera. “Next week, your brother will reveal his true feelings for Chad, and where they hid the book which contained the map to the lost mine that held the secret to the true identity of Ida. Was she really his lost sister or was she her own mother? Stay tuned after this commercial break from Suburban Jewelry from the Beyond,” 
Madame Petrovsky said: “This now concludes tonight’s visit. Thank you for your cooperation. If you need further assistance, please see my assistant, Charles.”
She got up from the table and walked toward the door when the professor stopped her by saying: “Madame Petrovsky, I have a question.”
She turned giving him a scowl. “What is it?”
“Would you be able to help us find a lost object?” the Professor said.
“What kind of object?”
“A small antique bowl,” he replied.
Antique is right, about 23 hundred years worth of antique, I thought to myself. 
“A small bowl?” she said to herself. She looked at Palma and asked: “Is this something of yours, something personal?”
“No, it’s from the school where I work. Someone stole it and you were recommended as a person who could find it.”
“Really?” she drawled, “Someone recommended me? Now who could that be?”
“The person asked me not to mention her name,” Palma said.
She looked interested. Another opportunity for billing a client. “I believe that I may be able to help you. When would you like to do this?”
“The sooner the better,” Palma answered.
“Charles, bring me my appointment book.” She said this breathlessly without looking at him. Charles left the room quickly with clenched fists and pursed lips—not a happy personal executive assistant. He returned momentarily with a dark red leather appointment book. It had what looked like a Jewish star on the cover in silver, six pointed. Madame Petrovsky opened it and paged through several leaves before she said: “Tomorrow, would tomorrow evening be convenient for you?”
“That would be good,” the professor said as he nodded to me. “We’ll be here tomorrow night. Same time?”
“Yes,” she said as she, without looking, passed the book to Charles who was standing at her side looking away, feigning non-interest in the discussion. This could be good. Maybe tomorrow we can see the unappreciated Charles duke it out with the Madame of the netherworld. 
Professor Palma paid Charles with a handful of bills and then we left.
On the way to the car, Palma was smiling. “What, professor?” I asked.
     “Are you enjoying this Ralphy? I am. I never did anything like this. I don’t believe in this magic and spiritual mumbo-jumbo but what can we lose? She might know something about the theft and reveal it through her pretend spiritual friends. Who knows?”
“Yeah, I am enjoying it too. Not only the part about the LaMonicas screwing up, but this whole thing about starting with an idea and following it through to its end. If this is detective work, then I like detective work.”
“This is a part of it, following a hunch. But most of what we do in investigations involves waiting. We wait for appointments, for opinions from coworkers. We wait for suspects while sitting for hours in a non-heated car, needing to go to the bathroom. But it’s very rewarding when you conclude a case. You feel like you bested the criminal, you beat him at his own game. And also, you have taken a criminal off the streets, someone who could harm people we care about.”
We got into the car to join the non-talking LaMonicas who were sitting in the back seat looking out the windows pretending not to notice our arrival.
“Good undercover job, girls!” I said. They both turned from the window and stared directly at me. Veronica said slowly, her eyes boring through me: “Randolph, if you tell one person what happened here tonight, I’ll, we’ll…get you!” She continued staring, using her laser eyes to accentuate her point. “Not one word—to anyone—ever!” I nodded my agreement. I could see the professor trying not to smile. He glanced at me to see how I was taking my scolding. I looked down, smiling.
*   *   *
Professor Palma called Wednesday morning. “Ralphy, you and Veronica have to go. I can’t make it.”
“Why me, Professor? And with Veronica? She wants to kill me!” I said. “Can’t we change our appointment? Or maybe ask Monica? At least she’s human, not scary like her sister.”
“We need to get this done as soon as possible. I’ve got a meeting tonight called by the department head. I’ve got to be there. And, Veronica is very professional. You’ll make a great team and get the job done—if she doesn’t kill you,” he said with a laugh. Some joke.



 
Chapter 15                         
Trouble with the Jag
 
Veronica was not happy to see me. I told her that she gets a free dinner. Looking back, I should have said nice dinner. I got money to pay Madame Petrovsky and for dinner and for gas for the Jag and the Professor gave me instructions on what to do. I told her that he said, and I quoted him: “Ralphy, you and Veronica can pose, like last night, as brother and sister. Tell Madame Petrovsky that the bowl was stolen from school and then show her a picture of it. Mention that there is a reward for anyone who helps recover the bowl and the reward is from the insurance company and the police are not involved.” He also said that I should tell her that I’m willing to pay the same as last night and that there will be another tip. And I should look for something in my wallet to flash the cash around.
 “Did you tell anyone about, you know?” She asked, sticking her face into mine. Talk about aggressive females… “If you told anyone, I mean anyone, Ralphy Deidrich, you are dead meat. Do you understand? You will never get a date on this campus ever! Ever!”
Her closeness let me breathe in that flower smell she always has. Maybe it’s magic, or something, but it makes me think of her as a woman, not as a fellow investigator. “I haven’t told a soul, I swear,” I raised my hand. 
It was almost the truth. I told Jason. How could I not? He’s on the team, I see him everyday, and he’d find out somehow. He was really peeved that he missed the show and asked me to describe the finer points of the LaMonicas but I didn’t. Maybe I’m a gentleman? So I didn’t really tell anybody anything—really.
“You better not have because if I, or my sister, hear one snicker from anybody on this campus—ever—you’re dead meat. And I mean it, Ralphy.”
I better tell Jason not to tell anyone and not to let on with the LaMonicas that he knows. I changed the subject. “OK,” I said as I opened the car door for her. She was dressed to go out. I know that she is a coworker and I should treat her just like Jason, but jeeze, under her coat she’s got on a short skirt that bounces when she moves and, she smells so good. Why does she do that? 
“OK, we’ll go to Petrovsky’s first then get some dinner and compare notes. How does that sound?”
“I have to eat with you? Couldn’t we forget the socializing part?” She pulled her coat tightly around her, buckled in and looked straight ahead, like I was her driver. At least she didn’t climb in the back seat.
“It ain’t socializing. This is all business. Professor Palma thought it would be a nice treat for us, for working on a school night.”
“As long as you remember that this isn’t social and start getting cute.”
“Thank you, your Highness. I will be sure to remember my place,” I said, regretting it as the words were leaving my lips.
 Still looking ahead, she folded her hands in her lap like she was getting ready for the dentist’s drill. I cranked up the old Jag and hit the gas a couple of times just to hear its purr turn into a roar. I can understand why the professor doesn’t want to get rid of this old nag—it has so much class. If only it were more, well, modern: I mean no global positioning system, no satellite radio. Hello? 
We were just turning off 17 and onto county 34 when the car jerked. It was a pretty big jerk. We both bounced forward in our seats and looked at each other. Then the car resumed its smooth acceleration up the slight incline on the tree lined road. We were most of the way there. Madame Petrovsky’s was about seven miles ahead on 34 when the engine stopped. We were driving and then: silence. The engine just quit. 
As we were slowing down, the countryside looked scarier, the trees closer to the road looked like they were hiding something. We rode over a small crest in the road and coasted noiselessly down the incline. The road leveled out and we started to slow down. I aimed for the shoulder and put on the brakes.
We had been driving for a while so the car was nice and warm inside. I put it in Park and looked at Veronica. She looked at me, hands in her coat pockets in her lap. “What are you trying to pull Diedrich? Get this thing started and let’s go.” 
“Hey, first of all I didn’t do anything. The car just stopped.”
“Right.”
“No, really, something’s wrong with it.” I turned the key and tried to start it. The engine turned over but nothing, not a pop. 
“You’re a man, fix it.” She now sat with her arms wrapped around her chest.
“I’m not Jason, I can’t fix everything! Cut me some slack, let me think for a minute.” I sat there. I don’t know diddly about cars. I reached under the dashboard and felt around. I pulled the hood release lever and got out. I lifted the hood and it went up about two inches. I bent down to look in the crack between the grill and the hood to see what was holding it. It was too dark. I couldn’t see anything. I heard the door slam. Veronica was next to me bending over looking in the crack. She stuck her hand in and wiggled it around a little and the hood came up. She gave me one of those looks that could freeze Florida. 
We both peered under the hood and then looked at each other. In the moonlight you could see the silvery top of the engine and the black battery all shiny and clean; it ticked as it cooled. But I had no idea what could be wrong. I’m not really a car guy.
“What do you think it is?” she asked.
“Could be the trans,” I said, saying the first car word that came to mind.
“What are we going to do now?”
She was full of questions. I didn’t know what to do next. “You know, we have our cell phones. We can call the Professor,” she said.
We got back into the car which was not as warm and comfortable as it was a few minutes earlier. The leather seats got cold pretty quickly. I dialed the Professor and got his voice mail. The message said he’ll be back at six. That’s fifteen minutes. I’ll call him then.
“What’ll we do in the mean time?”
“Make out.”
“Not funny, Randolf Deidrich,” she said as she looked at the barren fields out her window. She shook her head. “You’re such a pill!” She had her hands in her lap and her eyes narrowed. She turned to me. “Make yourself useful.”
I looked at her and said: “We could call…” Then we heard a noise, like the world’s largest bumble bee. We looked at each other and then out the back window. The sound seemed to be coming from somewhere behind the car. It could be one of those small planes. I looked out the side window and scanned the sky around us. Nothing up there. Whatever it was, it was taking its sweet time getting here. Maybe it was on some parallel road and we would never see it or it was in the fields, like a dirt bike. It got louder, Veronica gave me a questioning glance, I shrugged my shoulders. I don’t know anything tonight. I’m not being much help. And, it was getting louder. 
This reminded me of when I was in the Marine Corp. When army tanks would approach, you could hear them for miles, minutes before they arrived. But you could never tell from which direction they would arrive. They’d get louder and louder but you wouldn’t know where they were coming from until they appeared. This was the same thing. What is that expression, “Deja Vu all over again?” 
It seemed like it was coming from behind us. We looked at the road we had just driven down. The moonlight allowed us to see a bit in these few moments after sunset. Over the crest of the little hill we had just coasted down, a light popped up. A small one. Not two lights like a car but one. What was it, a tractor, a snowmobile, a motorcycle, a cyclops?
Whatever it was, it was getting closer and louder. “Let’s stop the guy for help.”
“What if he’s dangerous? We have no place to go. We are at his mercy!” she said quickly. I gave her my “get real” look.
The vehicle was getting closer. I made an executive decision. I jumped out and waved the guy down.
He was close now and his light lit up the Jaguar. He could see our hood up and that we were stranded. I made a show of taking away my cell phone from my ear so he knew that we weren’t totally alone. 
As he came alone side the car, I could see what it was. It was a little motorscooter, small with dirt covering its faded green paint job. He jerked to a stop and revved the engine. He had a grin like those on born again religious TV shows, was my age and size, dressed in a leather flying jacket, levis, and shiny black leather laced shoes—not a serious gangsta look. 
 “What’s up, car trouble?” the driver said as he pulled up his Army surplus goggles. His brows were furrowed and his teeth were visible even with his mouth closed—about as scary as Daffy Duck.
“Our car stopped,” I shouted over the sound of his engine. “Do you know anything about cars?” 
“A little. Let’s see what’s wrong. This thing has been giving me trouble.” He pointed at the scooter. “Doesn’t want to start.” He pulled it back onto the kick stand and climbed off leaving the noisy engine running, ring-ding-ding-ding-ding-ding. He looked at the Jaguar engine and then opened the door and sat in the driver’s seat. “Keys.”
I handed him the keys hoping he would easily start the car and then not steal it. The engine turned over a few times—nothing. Meanwhile, his scooter coughed and then the engine slowed and quieted. He flew off the driver’s seat and darted to the scooter: too late. He grabbed the handlebars to give it more gas, the engine coughed twice and stopped spinning: complete silence. I didn’t realize how loud it was till it stopped. No noise, no sound at all. I heard him rub his shoe on the loose stones on the road.
“Awe gee. This is going to be a pain to start again.” He walked back to the Jag and sniffed the engine. “Out of gas.” 
“That’s it? Just out of gas?” I asked.
“Yeah, that should do it. I’ll give one of you a ride back to my place, it’s about eight miles. That is, if I can start this thing. There aren’t any open gas stations around here but we always have gas at the farm,” He said this while walking around the car, admiring it. “Nice car,” He looked at the driver’s side rear fender, then across the trunk. “Pretty neat, there’s two gas caps, you can put gas in from either side. Why don’t all cars have that?”
“Where do I sit?” I pointed to the scooter.
“You? What about me?” Veronica asked.
He climbed back on the scooter and lowered his goggles. “You’ll have to sit on my lap. There’s no extra seat.”
Veronica and I both looked at the scooter. There was no special place for a passenger. We looked at each other. Veronica raised her eyebrows.
I had a mucho macho problem. If I went for gas, Veronica would be left all alone with the stalled car in the dark on a country road, and I’d have to sit on his lap. Not very tempting. But if Veronica went, then she would have to sit on his lap and he could take her anywhere in this dark countryside that he’d like. Too risky. What would the Professor do? 
I have a plan. I smiled at the motorscooterman and said, “Hi, I’m Ralphy and this is my fiancée, Veronica.” She gave me one of her famous laser looks.
“Hi, I’m Louie, Louie Flann.”
“How are ya, Louie.”
“Good.”
“Good. Listen, me and the little woman need to discuss this situation for a minute.” I got another laser look for the “little woman” comment. We went to the passenger side of the car as he furiously pushed down the kick starter on the old motorscooter.
“Fiancée, little woman, are you crazy?” She spoke quietly and quickly—more hissing than talking—looking right at me.
“Listen,” I whispered, “if I go with him, you’re left alone in the dark in a stalled car. If you go with him, you have to sit on his lap and he could take you anywhere and say it’s the way to his place. And at his place, he could have twelve brothers dying to meet a gorgeous babe like you.”
“Now it’s babe? You’re digging a deep hole for yourself, Ralphy Diedrich.”
“Well, we’ve got to figure something out. What’ll we do?”
She put her palm on her chin and her fingers over her lips and looked into the trees. After a half a minute, she said, “How about we give him money. Tell him to bring gas back.” 
“Why wouldn’t he go and never come back? Take the money and run.” I said.
“Not everybody’s like you, and, because we tell him,” she sneaked a glance over at Louie, who had stopped trying to start the scooter and was hunched over, resting after the hard pumping on the kick starter pedal, “there’s more money if he brings the gas back to us. Don’t you know anything?”
I guess I don’t. “OK, that’s good. How much should we give him, ten bucks?”
“Don’t be cheap,” she said, “give him twenty and tell him he’ll get thirty more when he returns with the gas. After all, this is a Jaguar.”
I nodded my approval and walked over to Louie who was resting with his forearms on the handlebars. “Louie, here’s what. If you go get gas, we’ll give you twenty bucks. When you get back here with the gas, we’ll give you another thirty. How does that sound?”
“Well, you don’t really have to give me anything. You’re stranded here and I just thought I could help. I wasn’t expecting to get paid or anything.” He gave a big dorky grin.
Was this guy for real? Not getting paid? Maybe I’m just a cynical city slicker. I’m not used to dealing with people who aren’t always looking out for numero uno. 
“Yeah, that would be great, but you don’t have to… pay me that is,” he said while monkeying with his goggles. “But first, we’ve got to get my scooter started again.”
“What do you suggest?” I asked.
“Push me. We’ll get it moving a bit and then it’ll start.”
“You think it’ll work?”
“Yeah.”
“OK, let’s do it. Ready?”
“Wait, let me adjust my glasses.” He pulled down the goggles, moved them a little from side to side, bounced up and down on the seat a couple of times, smiled at Veronica, and turned the key. “OK, let’s go.”
I started pushing. The scooter came off of the kickstand and he aimed toward the center of the road. I was almost running behind it, we were going at a good clip, when he let out the clutch. The rear wheel squeaked and the machine almost came to a halt. I kept on pushing. It was hard. I could hear the engine turning. It was making a putt, putt, putt, sound and it was real hard to push. Then, after I was almost totally worn out, it popped a couple of times and got easier to push. I heard it starting, it sounded loud and pulled forward and I almost fell, being relieved of the pushing job. He went a few yards then hit the brakes, revved it a few times, and turned toward me.
“It’ll take about twenty or thirty minutes to get back here,” he said, continuously revving the engine while shouting at me.
I nodded and said: “Here, take this twenty and hurry back, Louie. We’re depending on you.”
He nodded, put the money in his pants pocket and headed in the direction that he came from. He roared over the small rise in the road and was gone from sight, but we could still hear that lawnmower sound, fading in the distance. A bumblebee on a mission.
“I’m going in the car. It’s cold out,” Veronica said.
“Me too.”
I was behind the wheel. We sat for a few minutes looking out the window and listening. There were things out there hooting and hollering and I couldn’t imagine what they were. Yes, it was scary. The moon snuck behind a cloud. It was completely dark.
Why not try to start it again? I turned the key all the way right and the engine turned but didn’t start. I let go of the key. I turned on the radio and searched for my jazz station. Could I get it out here?
“What are you doing?” It didn’t sound like we were friends yet.
“I’m trying to find that jazz station.” I continued my search.
“You’re wearing down the battery. It won’t start even with gas if you wear down the battery,” she said.
“All right.” I felt like I was getting dumber in her eyes. I looked at the dashboard. The gas gauge was definitely on empty. Sorry, the petrol gauge was on empty. There were several switches that I hadn’t noticed before. One had a picture of a window with wiggly lines on it, probably the rear window defroster. Another had a picture of a light bulb above it: dome light? And another had a little gas pump above it. The last one had a little a/c. I pushed them all down, in the off position, like the dome light. I didn’t want to be accused of wearing down the battery. 
“Is there a blanket here? I’m cold,” she said.
I looked in the back seat and felt around on the floor back there—nothing. “I’ll check the trunk.” I reached for the key to turn the car off and saw the gas gauge. The needle was rising, very slowly rising. “Veronica, look. Look at the gas gauge.”
She leaned toward me to glance at the gauge, her shoulder brushed my arm. Boy, her hair smelled good. The needle had stopped on three quarters full. She knitted her brow. “What did you do?”
I said. “I didn’t do anything. I was going to turn off the ignition and I saw the gauge move.”
“I think the car is cursed. Someone put a curse on the car so we couldn’t go to Madame Petrovsky’s,” she said.
“Are you serious?” I asked.
She looked straight at me with her brows pushed together, lips tightly closed, dripping sincerity. “Yes. Someone put a curse on our gas line.”
“And now the curse is over?”
“I guess. I don’t know. Try to start it.” She shivered looking out the windshield.
I turned the key to engage the starter. The engine turned for a while, coughed twice and then it caught. It roared to life and sounded perfect. I blipped the gas pedal a few times just to hear the Jaguar motor roar, to confirm that we were OK. I’d fixed the car. I don’t know how but I did it. I was all smiles. Vroom, vroom.
“The curse has been lifted. Our gas line is now free of the curse,” she said.
The car was idling. What do we do now? Just sit in the idling car and wait for Louie to return with the gas? “What’s next? Should we wait for Louie to get back with the gas? It seems kind of rotten sending him out after the gas for us and then just leaving him.”
“He’s creepy. And, what was he doing here in the first place? Was he tailing us? He could be involved with the Evil One.” She shivered again.
“Creepy? He looked like a nerd. He’s a bumpkin! And aren’t you exaggerating the scariness of this whole situation, Veronica? I mean yes, we’re alone on a dark country road, miles from anything. Even I could understand your being afraid, but it’s really not that scary. And I’m here.”
She looked at me, softening a bit. “Isn’t it strange that he appears only minutes after we broke down? And didn’t he know exactly what was wrong? How strange is that?”
I nodded in agreement, mostly to get on her good side, and looked at my watch. It was 5:50. 
“What time is it?” she asked.
“5:50.”
“We can still make our six o’clock appointment with Madame Petrovsky if we hurry.”
“So we should just blow off Louie? Trying to do us a good turn and not even wanting money?”
“He took the money, didn’t he?” she asked.
“Yes.”
“And he’s so creepy. I don’t trust him. Let’s go.”
I felt like a heel, leaving before Louie returned, but he did have the twenty for three dollars’ worth of gas. Maybe we’re not so bad after all. I put it in drive, looked to my left, and pulled onto the road. We discussed the details of our plan as we rode to Madame Petrovsky’s. 
“Why do we use your name, that’s so sexist, always using the man’s name!” Veronica was still on my case.
“Because I’m going to make a big show of looking through my wallet for something and she might see my ID or driver’s license, OK? Can we get back to business now? I don’t think that we’ll need that spirit that we were talking to last night. We’ll probably use one of Petrovsky’s favorites.”
“You talked to a spirit last night?” She sounded excited.
“Didn’t the Professor tell you?”
“He only said that he needed me to work tonight and no one said anything about talking to a spirit on the way home last night, if you remember,” she said.
“We would have but we were afraid to talk,”  
“And rightly so. What did the spirit say?”
“It didn’t say anything. Madame Petrovsky talked in a spooky voice. She said that the spirit was there and was telling her what to say—a real ripoff.”
“How can you say that?” she asked.
“Because it was. She asked Palma to give her his sister’s favorite ring and bracelet. Maybe she’ll be expecting it from us tonight. I hope not.”
“If you believed, you would have gotten something spiritual from last night only you’re always so cynical. Your mind is always closed to new ideas, to any ideas.”
“Thanks, I love you too.” I shouldn’t have said that but she really gets to me, always on my case.
She looked out the side window and didn’t say anything else for the rest of the trip. 
*   *   *
The place was lit like it was last night—floodlights shining on the house front. The trees that almost reached down to the top of the car hid the grey stone building from the road. The entrance was covered by a stone roof which was a balcony for the second floor. It was supported by stone columns the same size as the old trees bordering the drive. I drove slowly, fearing that a limb would scratch the roof. The drive ended with a place for turning around—a circle of crushed stones that sounded like we were driving in Rice Krispies. I stopped before reaching the front door and parked. Would the Jag start again or would we be houseguests at Madame Petrovsky’s until we’re rescued, just like in the Rocky Horror Picture Show? It was 6:05.
“My hands are dirty. Do you have any Handy-Wipes?” she asked.
“Huh?
“Forget it. Maybe the Professor has some.” Veronica reached into the glove compartment, pulling out maps and brochures and loose papers. “What’s this?” She bent over to pick up a small yellow paper from the floor. “I don’t like the Professor’s art.”
“Huh?”
 “This piece, it’s amateurish and a poor subject.” She showed it to me.
“The Professor wouldn’t draw something like this.” I looked at the crudely drawn dagger with drops dripping from it. I bent over and put it back in the glove box. “Let’s go. We’re late.”
Veronica got out before I could get her door. 
We crunched on the driveway side by side toward the opened front door and Madame Petrovsky’s assistant. He watched us approach, looking as he did as yesterday, same suit, same unsettling look.
His smile forewarned us of an evening of new and unknown things as he extended his arm to usher us through the door. 
“We have been expecting you.”
Monica squeezed my hand.



 
Chapter 16                         
Second Séance
 
Madame Petrovsky was in a smaller room than where the séance was held last night. Again, it was hard to see until my eyes adjusted to the dimmed chandeliers which made more shadows than light. Veronica was now clutching my arm with both her hands. As she held me, I thought of how she looked last night. I better get that out of my mind or I’ll not be good for anything tonight.
“Yes, Madame Petrovsky,” I said as I leafed through my wallet, pretending to look for a business card. Of course, all the twenties that Palma gave me were visible to Madame, the reason for the rummaging. “I’m sorry we’re late. We had car trouble.”
“Yes, I know,” she replied.
“You knew? How did you know?” 
I looked at Veronica, who gave me a look that said: “I told you that Louie was bad and put the curse on our gas line.” She’s really jumping all over me tonight. I can’t do anything right.
“Your Professor told me yesterday that you are interested in a bowl, an old bowl taken from your school. Is that right?” Madame Petrovsky asked, completely avoiding my question.
“Yes, we, the Professor, Veronica,” I moved my hand and swept in front of Veronica as a means of introduction, “and I have been asked by the school to find the bowl. It’s been a part of the school’s collection of old things since the school was started.” 
She nodded. “What can you tell me about the piece?”
“The school has had the bowl since the library was built. It was found by one of our Professors on a trip to Greece. It’s about the size of a cereal bowl and is black with white figures on it. If you would like, I can email you a picture.”
“That won’t be necessary. Do you have something that is related to the bowl, a cover or a plate that it rested on?”
“No, it was by itself in a display case.”
“Then I will need the picture,” she said.
“If you have a computer online here, I can have someone at the library send it.”
“Yes, in my office. Charles can help you. Charles, will you come here?” She called and he came immediately. He was probably listening to our conversation just outside the room.
“I’ll take care of this,” Veronica said. “I’ve worked with Ms. March before and she should be there now,” She got up and left the room with Charles.
“Tell me, ah…” Madame Petrovsky asked.
“Randolph, Randolph Diedrich,” I said.
“Tell me, Mr. Diedrich, what are you studying?”
“Criminology.”
“I see. And why criminology?”
“I’d like to work in law enforcement, solve problems, and do research. And you, Madame Petrovsky, how long have you been a seer?” Let’s put the ball in her court where it belongs and maybe I can get something useful here.
She thought for a moment and said: “Too many years to remember. I have had this gift since a child.”
“How did you know that you had a gift, how could you tell?”
She looked up at the chandelier, hands folded in front of her on the table where we sat. This looked like I was going to get the Hollywood version of how she broke into the spirit business. Hey, my dad was in spirits too. He owned a bar.
She gave me a patronizing look. “When I was seven, we lost our dog. He had been gone for several days when I had a dream. I dreamt that he was in the kitchen barking, and he was behind the stove. It didn’t feel like a dream it was so real. I told my father about my dream and he said that it was just a dream. I was so sure that we would find Star—that was her name, Star—behind the range that I hounded my father until he moved the stove so he could show me that the dog wasn’t there. When he moved the stove, my dad saw that the fitting on the gas line was so loose that it fell off and we could smell the gas. He said that finding that saved all our lives. A week later, Star came home. That was the first time that I knew that I had a gift.”
Humm, previous experience with gas lines. Does this relate to us directly or what?  
“I knew that there were unbelievers here last night, children out playing. Tonight we will reach a spirit. That is why we are doing more things, taking our time before we start, emptying our minds of worldly cares. 
“The spirits know so much, they can teach us many things. Tonight you will feel the presence of the spirits even if you can’t see or hear them.”
She was different tonight. More friendly? No, I would say more accessible. I’m able to talk to her tonight. Could it be my manly charms that caused her to open up, or was it just she had nothing better to do this evening and we looked harmless enough? Probably the latter.
Maybe there is something in this spirit stuff. Maybe she could locate the bowl for us or at least set us in the right direction. 
Veronica walked into the room without Charles. “Here’s the picture, Madame Petrovsky.” It was a copy of a page from Clay’s Registry of Aegean Antiquities. A whole page was used for the pictures and its description. “It doesn’t matter if it’s not in color because the bowl is black with white figures on it. See?” Veronica said as she laid the print in front of Madame Petrovsky. 
Madame studied it. “I believe that we can now start.” She got up, walked to the switch, dimmed the lights even more, and lowered the music. I expect that this will be the same sham as last night. 
We sat at a small round table on comfortably upholstered dark velvet armchairs. The table had a white cloth and three candles, two white and one violet. Madame handed each of us a candle, she had one herself. “Picture the peacefulness of this candle.” She lit them. “Close your eyes and imagine the smoke coming from this candle. The smoke represents peacefulness arising from this candle and slowly making its way to the sky, the place of the spirits.” We all held our candles, and meditated on them before we placed them in front of us, in their small white ceramic holders.   
Then Madame Petrovsky led us through deep breathing exercises for a few minutes to help us relax. We sat silently for a few minutes. I felt very relaxed. I think I was starting to enjoy myself—quiet music, nice waxy smelling candle, and Veronica nearby and not angry at me. I knew that she was eating this up. Maybe there is something to this. 
Madame put both of her hands on the picture of the bowl and looked up again. She closed her eyes for just a moment and then reached into a pocket of her dress and pulled out a stone which she placed on the picture of the bowl. The stone was dark and shiny, about the size of a peach pit but a little flatter. At least it looked like a stone to me at first but it might have been some electronic device. It looked like there was a light inside which changed the way the surface looked—not bright, but subtle light. She reached for us and we all held hands together. 
In Veronica’s soft, warm, hand I could feel her excitement. I wasn’t courageous enough to look at her. I sneezed. They both jumped back, startled by the sound. Veronica gave me a look that could melt steel.
“Sorry,” I said as I used my Kleenex. There goes the mood.
Our hands in hers, Madame Petrovsky lightly shook them to get us back to the moment, to the task at hand. “We will contact a spirit who has been a help to me for a long time. Repeat this with me,” she asked in an unexpectedly friendly voice. She smiled. “Our beloved, Halliburton, we ask that you commune with us and move among us.”
So the three of us said, “Our beloved Halliburton, we ask that you commune with us and move among us.” We did this several times and then I noticed a chill. Veronica did too because her hand shook when she shivered.
“He is with us,” Madame Petrovsky said. She readjusted herself in her chair.
“Beloved Halliburton, do you recognize this bowl pictured here?” I heard, or felt, an almost unhearable click or tap. That, and the chill in room, gave me goose bumps. Veronica was still shaking. I felt sorry for her discomfort—or fear. What could I do to help her? I could give her my sport coat but that would disrupt everyone’s concentration and she’d yell at me. I sat still, trying to regain my concentration. Am I becoming a believer?
“That tap that you heard meant yes. When he means no, he taps twice.” I nodded my understanding and Veronica continued shaking. Although it had lessened it was still there and her hand now felt cold. 
“Beloved Halliburton,” Madame Petrovsky continued, “is this bowl close to us? Could we get to it in a day?” Again, the oh-so-faint tap.
“Is the bowl in harm’s way?” This time I heard two taps.
I felt Veronica’s grip of my hand loosen. I looked at her and she was leaning forward. I let go of Madame and grabbed Veronica’s shoulders as she continued falling toward the table. I stood and pushed her back on the chair. Her head fell forward, her beautiful hair covering her face. What happened to her? I was just about to yell something, what was going on here? I’m here with strangers and Veronica conks out. I stood up. 
Charles quickly crossed the room and pushed a bottle of something under her nose. “Smelling salts, she’s fainted.”
Veronica pulled her head back from the bottle, her long brown hair still covering her face, and said: “No, don’t!” Her eyes were still closed. She put her hands on the table and rested her head on them, like she was going to take a nap. Charles, who was almost in front of her, pushed her shoulder back and applied the bottle again. She twisted and pushed him away and said, “Don’t!” again. I know that by my witnessing this, I was going to be in hot water with her again—or still. Somehow this was all going to end up being my fault. I don’t know how she’ll do it but she will, and she’ll have me believe it too.
She came around in a few moments. While she was out, Madame blew out the candles, fearing that Veronica’s hair would catch fire. I was pretty nervous as they stood around Veronica’s chair. I was still seated. 
When she came to, she was very embarrassed and was apologizing to Charles and Madame—no mention of me however. It felt like she was out for hours. She said to Madame, who was still standing,  “Can we go on now? Can we ask him more questions?”
“No, my darling, we can’t.” She held Veronica’s hand in both of hers. “Halliburton has gone for the evening.”
“I’m so sorry for spoiling everything.” She looked at the stone on the table. The light had gone out of it. It didn’t have that electronic glow that it had before. She touched it and quickly withdrew her hand. “Yipes!” She jerked her hand away. She looked at Madame Petrovsky. “It felt tingly when I touched it.” 
“Yes, I know. It’s a special stone. It’s called a spirit stone. I use it to increase my energy and it helps me communicate with Halliburton. He is one of my guides. Sometimes I can see his face on its surface. I hope I didn’t anger him by leaving so abruptly.”
“I’m sorry,” Veronica said.
“There, there.” Madame smiled and patted her hand. “I’ll talk with him again later tonight.” 
We said goodbye, thanked them for their help, gave them a bunch of twenties and left. Veronica was too embarrassed to stop for dinner even though I pleaded with her. “Then how about a drink?”
“Absolutely not. That would be all socializing and not business. I told you that I wasn’t going to socialize, especially after what happened at the séance.” She was quiet for several minutes then she said: “How could you let that happen?”
“Me? What could I do? One minute you’re listening to spirit knocks and the next minute you’re out.” I knew she was going to do this.
“You should have known that I was going to faint. You knew that it was very scary. And, when you felt my grip loosen, you should have done something immediately so I wouldn’t have been so embarrassed. I don’t even know why I even talk to you. I shouldn’t have allowed Professor Palma to talk me into going with you tonight. This was probably all your idea anyway. Just be quiet and drive me home. Stop for a drink? Not bloody likely!” She was steamed—again.
“We need to stop for gas,” I said.
“And another thing, if you tell anyone about tonight, you’ll be sorry!” 
It looks like I need two sets of notes: one for this investigation and one for this investigation with all mention of Veronica deleted.
“I mean it, Ralphy Diedrich!”
We both forgot about the note with the bloody dagger.



 
Chapter 17                         
Discussions of the Séances
 
I gathered everyone at my office on Thursday, after school, to discuss the weekend events at Madame Petrovsky’s. Fay had, at my request, brought in some cheese, crackers, and cola. They all sat in chairs in front of my desk.
“Well, what did you learn, Veronica, besides that cars need gas?” Jason said this while holding a cracker with cheese in each hand and a cola between his knees.
She didn’t know how to start because she didn’t know how much he knew about all of the embarrassments that had befallen her at the seances. “According to Madame Petrovksy, the bowl is not far away from us. Her spirit guide told her that. He also said that the bowl wasn’t going to be damaged. I think that helps us in our investigation. Don’t you Professor?”
“Yes, it helps, but not much,” I said. “We still don’t know where it is or who took it but we know that it is still in the area. That is, if we can believe Madame Petrovsky.”
“It wasn’t Madame Petrovsky who said it. It was her spirit guide, Beloved Halliburton,” Veronica said.
“And what did you learn last night?” Jason asked her.
“That was last night. We didn’t learn anything on Tuesday, did we?” She looked at me and Monica.
Monica shrugged her shoulders. “Yeah,” I said, “that’s about it. But another thing, Madame Petrovsky called me today. She said that she talked to her spirit friend…”
“Guide, Professor, guide.” Veronica was exasperated.
“Sorry, guide, again last night. He told her that the bowl was very important to two people and it wasn’t being used for the forces of evil. She also mentioned that she would like to help us find the bowl.”
“We’re getting closer to it. I can feel it, here.” Veronica pointed to her heart.
“Did she say anything else?” Ralphy asked.
“She did say that she would like to help us in any way that she can,” I said.
“Getting back to the car. Did you put gas in the car, Ralphy?”
“Yeah, we ran out of gas. It was real strange…”
“The gas line was cursed,” Veronica said anxiously.
“What do you mean, ‘ran out of gas?’ It should have been about half full.”
“We were driving and then the car just stopped going. I mean the engine just quit. Just like that. We waited for a few minutes and some weirdo came along and said we were out of gas.”
“He wasn’t a weirdo,” Veronica added.
     “You didn’t think that last night,” Ralphy said. Veronica shrugged. “Anyway, we were sitting there, waiting for the guy to come back with the gas and the car started. It was so strange.”
“That’s because the gas line was cursed,” Veronica said.
“Oh no, I should have told you,” I said. “The car has two gas tanks. If you’re out of gas, flip the switch and you can use the other one.”
“Now you tell me,” Ralphy said, banging his hands on his knees.
“I still think the gas line was cursed,” Veronica said. “Why did we run out of gas right there, huh? Why did we run out of gas where that strange guy could observe us? Cursed, I still think the gas line was cursed.” 
“Well, enough about the gas, or lack of it. You were able to go to Madame Petrovsky’s and you weren’t too inconvenienced. I’m sorry that I didn’t mention about the way the gas tanks worked, I should have told you. But let’s move on.”
Veronica turned and whispered to her sister. “I still think it was cursed.” Monica nodded in agreement.
“We still don’t know what to do or where to go, do we?” I asked.
Jason said, “It looks like the bowl is being used by some spiritualist or witch or something like that. I think we should see what we can learn about other people like this around here. Even the ghost said that it’s in the area.”
“He’s not a ghost, Jason, he’s a guide,” Veronica said.
“Whatever. It should be in the area,” Jason said.
I heard the phone ring in the outer office. A moment later Fay came in and said: “You have a call. It’s Ms. March.”
“Thank you,” Fay left. “OK, guys, think about what we should do next and we’ll meet here same time tomorrow,” 
Veronica put on her coat. “Oh, oh, another one!” she said.
Everyone turned toward her. “Another what?” her sister asked.
“Another drawing. We saw one like it in the Professor’s car last night.” She held a small yellow post-it in her hand. “I just found this in my pocket.”
“Let me see!” Ralphy said.
 She leaned over and put the note on my desk. It was like the one I had gotten, a dagger with blood dripping from its tip.
“I found one of these earlier,” she said, “in the glove compartment of the Professor’s car last night.”
“Why didn’t you tell me, Veronica?” her sister asked.
“I forgot. I didn’t think it meant anything. Do you think it’s anything, Professor?” Veronica said.
“No, I don’t, but now that I see these others appearing, maybe it is,” I said. I didn’t realize that I had gotten two notes.
“You mean the thief is warning us to back off or else?” Veronica asked.
“Well, Veronica, what do you make of it?” I asked.
“Yes, I think he is telling us to stop investigating,” she said.
“Well, I think the girls shouldn’t go out investigating, just do research,” Jason said.
They got up and were leaving when Fay switched the call to me. Ms. March asked me to stop by the library. I told her I’d be right there. I grabbed my coat and told Fay that I’ll see her tomorrow. On the way to the library I thought about Ralphy and Veronica. What was going on? They really seemed hostile to each other today. 
*    *    *
Ms. March was in her office. “I’d like to help. What can I do to get our bowl back?” she asked me.
I took a seat and said, “I don’t know. We’ve spent a week looking around and we’re no closer than last week.” 
“I could do some research, the web, ebay, people who bought similar things recently,” she said.
“That might give us a list of people we could call. I doubt if our perpetrator is on the list but someone might know someone.” She continued. “I could call some other librarians at schools that have collections and see if they’re missing anything,” she added.
“That sounds good,” I said. “Tomorrow we are going to have a meeting. It would be great if you would be there.” I got up to leave. 
“Maybe.” Myrna March smiled and waved good bye.



 
Chapter 18                         
The Dinner
 
I reserved a room at Maurice K, a restaurant not far from the Bar Bar, our normal meeting place. My office wouldn’t accommodate everybody and I thought it would be nice to go to a special place. They were expected at five except Monica who said she wouldn’t be able to make it at all. I like these frequent restaurant meetings. They add a festive or lightheartedness to the investigation and I feel like Gertrude Stein with my discussion group, albeit not a literary discussion group, but a group none the less. And now that I’m getting grownups involved, we might have the mix to brainstorm our way to a solution. 
I’m really not satisfied with the work that I have done so far, but I always say that. It’s like that darkest before the dawn cliché but that’s the way that it’s worked for me in my previous cases—nothing and then a breakthrough and the answer pops right up. I stood up to address my group.
“First, I’d like to thank all of you for coming. I took the liberty of ordering for all of us—spaghetti with a vegetarian red sauce, bread, Italian sausage with stewed green peppers, risotto, salad, red wine, and some appetizers. It’s family style so you can pick whatever you want.
“I thought that we could jump into our discussions after we introduce ourselves to each other. Better yet, since I know everyone, why don’t I do it?” Heads nodded in agreement. 
I was sitting at the head of a longish table. It had a white cloth and candles, which were the only illumination in the room. Not unlike Madame Petrovsky’s but warm not spooky. 
“On my left is Ralphy Diedrich and next to him is Jason Malone and next to him is Madame Petrovsky. And, on my right is Veronica LaMonica, and next to her is Charles. Charles I don’t know your last name.”
“It’s Case.”
“Thank you,” I said. “And next to Charles Case is Myrna March, our assistant librarian. At the other end of the table is Fay Munson. She works at my office and is the voice that you hear on the phone when you call me. She’s our communication’s core. Charles and Madame Petrovsky did several séances with us to narrow down our area of investigation. And Ralphy, Jason, and Veronica are students of mine who interview, research, and analyze our data. Thanks again for making it.” Everyone was dressed very nicely, appropriately for this cordial dinner.
We looked more like a birthday party than a team of hardened criminal investigators—smiling faces everywhere. The wine and bread were passed around the candlelit room as was an appetizer of cantaloupe wrapped in a thin piece of Italian ham. I overheard Myrna March asking Charles what he did, but I didn’t hear the answer because Ralphy whispered something in Jason’s ear and they both burst out laughing.
“Professor Palma?” Veronica asked.
I turned to my right. She was wearing a fuzzy sweater with a fuzzy sweater over it. They could kill a man with allergies. “Yes?” I said.
“The reason Monica is not here tonight is that she is taking chemistry this semester and she is having a lot of trouble with it. She just can’t get it. I thought it was hard but she’s having more trouble with it than I did. And I don’t feel comfortable enough with it to help her so all I can do is sympathize with her and help her with her other subjects.”
“Jason could help. Couldn’t you, Jason?” Ralphy said while pulling off a piece of bread from one of the skinny loaves that were in the basket.
“Look out!” Veronica said, putting her hands up to her face.
Ralphy was looking at Jason while vigorously pulling the bread. His arm touched his wineglass and it wobbled, looking like we all were going to take a wine bath.
“Sorry,” he said with a goofy grin. 
Oh brother! Too much wine already? I hope not. Veronica looked at Ralphy with a knitted brow.
“Yeah, Veronica, I could help Monica with chem,” Jason said.
“Thanks, I’ll tell her,” Veronica said.
“Have you selected your topic for the lit paper?” Ralphy said to Veronica.
“Nick Carraway. I found a lot of stuff about him on the net. What about you, have you selected one?”
“I think I’ll go with Montag.”
“Fahrenheit 451?” Veronica asked.
“Yeah,” 
They both stopped talking and started working on the bread. 
“Jason?” I said.
“Yes, Professor?”
“I’ve got a job for you.”
“What’s that?”
“How hard would it be to start up a web page for us, for our investigation?”
“Not hard. We could get a free one on the school’s server, and they have templates so it wouldn’t be tough at all. You want me to do that, Professor?”
“That would be good. How long would it take?”
“Couple of days max. I can start on it tomorrow,” Jason said.
I looked around the table. Should I start the discussion now or wait till after dinner? I’ll just let things go naturally, see what develops. If we don’t accomplish anything, we are at least getting to know each other—team bonding.
 I could hear Charles talking to the grownups, “…So then I said, ‘Yes, that’s why I brought the shovel,” Madame Petrovsky, Fay, and Myrna March burst out laughing. Old Charles was killing ‘em at the other end of the table. As they finished laughing, our bus boy sneaked in and set up a stand on the floor presaging the arrival of the big food tray. Our room was small. There was barely room to walk behind the seated diners. This made the room cozy and warm. The smell of the garlic and herbs from the other rooms was adding to my longing for our dinner to come.
“What do you think, Professor?
“About what?”
“About secrets,” Veronica said. “When a person says he will keep a secret, what does that mean? Does that mean he can tell his best friend? Or does that mean he can’t tell anyone?”
“That’s a tough one, Veronica,” I scratched my chin and then poured some wine for myself and then remembered the others. I poured a little into Veronica’s glass and then Jason’s—Ralphy, I didn’t know if I should. I didn’t. 
“If a person’s wife, or his best friend, can keep a secret—I mean really keep a secret—I don’t think the guy is wrong for telling that one person. Does that help?”
“Well, someone I know, not mentioning any names, said that he would not tell a soul and now he tells me that he told someone. Isn’t that breaking his promise? He said he would tell no one and then he tells Jason, I mean someone.” She raised her hands on either side of her head and waved them as if she was erasing her previous statement. “Shouldn’t he be prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law?” She looked at the boys. As if I couldn’t tell who she was talking about and what the secret was.
“If he only told that one special person and that person was someone who could be trusted with a secret, I don’t believe that he broke his promise. I mean, if someone told you something in confidence, wouldn’t you tell Monica?”
“Yes, but that’s different. She’s my sister, I tell her everything.” She leaned forward and sipped at her wine, held in both hands.
Our waitress squeezed into our room burdened with a satellite-dish-sized tray with the fruits of the kitchen. I recognized her as a student at Braxton. Her accomplice placed more bottles of wine on the table. Why does the petite waitress carry the oversize tray and the healthy red-blooded American boy carry the two bottles of wine? Is there a glass ceiling here?
We all were silent while the platters and bowls were passed around, like this was something religious. I speculated that everyone with a refrigerator would take home a doggy bag—even with our big eater-boys here. There was a lot of food.
Then the feasting began and the conversation returned. Ralphy and Jason were talking about our chances against Carbridge U for homecoming which is only a few weeks off. Carbridge is called Dirt U or Dirt Ewe at Braxton because they are in the famous dust bowl of the 30’s and the area is prime hog farming area. Veronica was quiet and I couldn’t quite hear the conversation at the other end over Ralphy and Jason’s discussion.
Fay ate quickly and came up to me. “Thanks for the dinner, Professor. If it’s all the same to you, I’ve got to run. Two tests tomorrow.” We exchanged smiles. She squeezed my hand and slipped behind the other chairs on her way to the door. It’s easy to see why she’s so skinny, she hardly had anything to eat—and no doggy bag. 
After I finished, I stood up and contorted myself on the way to her former seat to have my dessert there. “Are you enjoying yourselves?” I asked the grownups.
“We are,” Myrna said. “I’m learning so much.”
“Oh?” I said.
“Yes, for example: look at this label.” She passed one of the wine bottles to me. “Charles was telling me that the spirit world is involved in many places where you would least expect it.”
“Like Nancy Reagan consulting her astrologer before scheduling anything,” Madame Petrovsky added.       
 Myrna continued. “Madame Petrovsky said a friend of hers from California uses magic to improve the flavor and salability of their wines. She says that a woman actually comes over and performs a ritual on their land at the beginning of the growing season and before the harvest. She thinks it improves the wine. And, she says, quite a few vintners do it.”
“It’s not going to hurt,” I added.
I looked at the back of the wine bottle. There was a little picture of the vineyard with buildings in the background. Below that, I read:
At Chateau Hill Vineyards, we are proud of our zesty, flavor-filled wines made from grapes grown on our windkissed slopes in Mendocino. We age and magically blend the grapes for a smooth and consistent flavor that goes well with pasta or grilled meats. The best to you from the best of us.
“That’s not just advertising hype?” I asked.
“No, she really does come in and perform a ceremony on the land,” Madame Petrovsky said.
“So it’s part of the growing process? At the beginning of the season, you call in the healer, or enchanter, or whatever she’s called, to help your crops?” I asked.
“It’s not unlike the blessing of the fishing boats in fishing villages,” Charles said. “And, you’re right. It’s not going to hurt.” 
 “Yes,” Madame Petrovsky said. “We talked about that when she was in town a few weeks ago. She came to visit me and see the Cornfest. The grapes have been harvested, crushed, and bottled. So Paula thought it would be a good time to come east for a few days. We went to college together.”
“What did she think of our Cornfest?” Myrna asked. “Not as fancy as California, I’m sure.”
 “She loved it, the leaves turning colors, the friendly Midwesterners. The weather was perfect that week too,” Madame Petrovsky said. “She thought the town was quaint and the University picturesque. She even visited your library.”
“Really?” Myrna said. “Did she say how it compared to hers, back in California?”
“Well, she did. She said it wasn’t as large as hers but you had more books and more interesting things on display. And, very homey, a nice place to spend a rainy afternoon—her words,” Madame said.
“So, Myrna, good grades for you and the whole library staff.” They smiled as I filled their wine glasses. “To your friend’s magical wine,” I said as I looked at Madame Petrovsky. We lifted our glasses and toasted. 
“And the students,” Charles said. “She said she enjoyed all those happy youthful faces wherever she turned.”
“Dessert anyone?” Our waitress snuck up behind me. Everyone looked up and gave gestures that said ‘no thanks, I’m too full.’ “Well, then, how about coffee?” This received a more positive response. The guys ordered coffee, the ladies, tea. 
Quiet conversations bubbled around the table. I held my glass between my hands, sat back and watched. Veronica was smiling at Ralphy. He just said something to Jason they thought was funny. Charles was discussing Clinton’s reelection chances to Myrna March. Madame Petrovsky was listening too. It looks like Myrna and Charles are hitting it off all right. They are about the same age and they dress the same: from a previous era. Everyone looked good in the candle light, warm colors on unworried faces. We aren’t getting anything done, but, we’re having a good time and I think that we’ll be able to work well together—unless the bowl thief is here. I hope not.
I heard clinking. It was our waitress with cups, saucers, and the items necessary for coffee and tea service. My coffee was good, strong with a nutty flavor. I was sipping and watching Ralphy explain to Jason and Veronica, with exaggerated hand gestures, the importance of being earnest when Myrna March blurted out, “What!” 
I looked where she was looking. Her tea had turned blood red, a thick bright red. Conversation stopped and everyone looked at Myrna’s cup. I looked at them looking. Now both Veronica’s and Madame Petrovsky’s tea was red also. Veronica said, “What’s going on here?”
I took Myrna’s little stainless tea server and poured tea into my empty water glass. Nothing happened. “Did you put anything in your tea?” I asked Veronica. She picked up the empty imitation sugar packet that lay on the table and looked at me. I looked at Myrna’s and Madame’s place. They too, had empty packets in front of them. I grabbed the empty ones and all that were left in the bowl and put them in my jacket pocket. “Don’t drink that stuff. Jason, go find our waitress.” What was going on here? Have we been attacked?
 The waitress rushed up to our table. She saw the teacups and put her hands up to her face. “I’ll get you new ones. I don’t understand what happened. This never happened before. I don’t know what happened.” She turned to leave. I touched her arm. “It was something in the sugar packets,” I said. “Where was the sugar bowl before you brought it to us?”
“It was at the service station. We keep the knives and forks and everything we need to set up the tables in this section there.”
“Would you show me?” I asked. 
We left our private room, walked down a short hall to the main dining room. The service station was against the wall between the doors to the kitchen and the door to the men’s rest room. She pointed to the flower pot sized crock that held the imitation sugar packets. “There,” she said.
“Who puts the sugar packets in there?” I asked.
“When it gets low, I tell one of the bus boys to fill it. We have a big box of them in the kitchen. But now I remember. The pot wasn’t there a minute ago. There were a dozen Sweet-N-Lo on the table but the bowl wasn’t there. I just grabbed the packets, put them in a bowl, and brought them in to you.”
I looked around. Anybody going to the kitchen or bathroom could have moved the crock and tossed some packets on the table. It wouldn’t have been hard. But why? Why turn our tea red?
I rejoined our group. Veronica still wore her frown but everyone else had gotten back into the party mode. Jason and Ralphy were vigorously discussing the pros and cons of the Ford Mustang and Charles was telling the ladies about a bargain he got at an antique sale in Florida. They all looked up when I came in.
“Anyone could have done it. The sugar was pretty much out in the open. Anyone walking to the kitchen or washroom could have done it,” I said.
“But why, Professor? Why would someone do that?” Veronica said while twisting her napkin unconsciously in her hands.
“To scare us. To make us feel like someone knows all of our actions and can get to us,” I said.
“Well, it worked. I’m scared,” Veronica said.
“I don’t think that they want to hurt us,” I said. “I think that they want us to stop investigating,” 
“We must be getting close, don’t you think, Professor?” Ralphy said.
“Could be,” I didn’t want to say anything in this too public area. They turned back to their conversation groups and spoke quietly. The mood was spoiled.
We left together around seven after many thank yous and requests for doggy bags. Even the flamboyant Madame Petrovsky asked for one. Does this mean that she’s a mortal like the rest of us, or is the doggy bag for Beloved Haliburton?



 
Chapter 19                         
March Spots Petrovsky
 
The next morning, Ralphy came into my office about eleven.
“Thanks for the great meal last night, Professor,” he said.
“We didn’t get much accomplished but I’m glad you enjoyed yourself,” I said.
“I did. You know, I was listening to your conversation at the other end of the table. Veronica is still not really talking to me.”
“Why do you suppose that is?” I asked.
“I think I know too much.”
“What?”
“I mean I saw her with no clothes on Tuesday and on Wednesday, she fainted and stopped the whole séance thing. She thinks that I’m going to tell,” he said, still standing in front of my desk. “I’m not though.”
“She fainted?” I asked.
“Yeah, she got all wound up in this spirit stuff, and, I have to admit, it wasn’t too bad on Wednesday. I mean, it didn’t seem as phony. Anyway, she fainted and got all embarrassed and blamed me for somehow letting her faint. I don’t know—women.
“Anyway, what I wanted to say, why I came over here, was that I was listening to you talk about wine and that lady that came from California and saw the town and the school. You know, Professor, that Cornfest was about two weeks before the bowl was taken. And we’ve been thinking that it was taken by some spiritual or magical person. And, then Madame Petrovsky says this woman uses magic on her crops. Well, what do you think? Are these things related? Is this 2 + 2? Or could it be…”
“You could be right, Ralphy, you could be right. I didn’t think about it. That’s interesting. Are these things related?” I said more to myself than to him.
“Lady uses magic in her job. Comes to town. Visits library. Bowl missing. Looks fishy to me. We should track her down, see what she has to say, see if she looks guilty,” Ralphy said as he leaned back on the back two legs of his chair.
“Madame Petrovsky should have her number. I’ll call and see what she has to say. Want to go to lunch?”
“Lunch? I’m not eating for the rest of the semester.”
 
I called Madame Petrovsky. She was pleasant and glad to hear from me. She thanked me for last night and told me that Charles thinks that Myrna is a hot ticket. Not in so many words but that was the thrust of it. She also said that she thought my students were, “charming and an asset to the school.” I’ll have to tell them that. We finally got around to the reason for my call. “Madame, your friend in California might be able to help us. She might know if one of these ‘crop blessers,’ for want of a better word, might use our bowl. Maybe she took it,” I said in my most captivating way. 
 
“If you promise not to browbeat her, I’ll give you her number.”
 
*    *    *
     
I was getting up to go to the caf for a quick bite when Fay came into the doorway and said, “Phone call. Ms. March.”
“Thank you, Fay.” I picked up the phone. “Good morning, Ms. March.”
“Good Morning, Professor” she said. “I wanted to say I had a nice time last night. Thank you for inviting me.”
“You’re welcome. And, speaking of last night, I called Madame Petrovsky this morning and not only did she thank me for last night but she also wanted to tell me that Charles thought you were pleasant company. I think that she wanted me to relay that to you.”
“That is so nice to hear.” She paused for a second. “I enjoyed myself very much last night. He is such a gentleman.” She cleared her throat. “That makes this especially hard to say because they were so pleasant last night.”
“What do you mean?” I asked.
 “I don’t think that Madame Petrovsky has been forthright with us. She has withheld some things from us.”
“What?”
“Well,” she cleared her throat again. “I remember seeing her in the library before the Cornfest.”
“Was her friend with her?” I asked.
“I don’t think so. I think she was alone.
“You know,” she continued “that our library is partly funded by the city, so many town people have cards and use our facilities. It is not unusual to have non-students in the library. However, she lives too distant to be in our jurisdiction.”
“I see.”
“Well, she didn’t mention going to the library, or, as a matter of fact, anything about the bowl. I would think that she would say something like, ‘Oh what a coincidence, I was there just before it was taken.’ Or, ‘I was there and I didn’t see the bowl or I did see the bowl.’ But she didn’t say anything.
“I remembered her because of the way she dressed. She wasn’t that hard to miss because she wore a hat like she wore to the dinner. And, she’s a full woman, a noticeable size, and wore a pashmina. Our regular visitors don’t dress like that.”
“Pashmina, what’s that?”
 “It’s a big scarf worn over the shoulders. I suppose you could call it a shawl, but this was too expensive to be called a shawl.”
The coat that she wore last night was cut wide so it billowed out every time she turned. When she came in, she didn’t knock anything over, but almost. Her hat—I immediately think of those worn by nineteenth century French writers and painters—big, floppy looking, black, short with a brim almost extending to her shoulders. They were usually only worn by villains to conceal their faces. When you saw Madame, you knew she wasn’t an accountant. Yes, she would stand out in a small school library.
“Have you ever seen her in the library before?” I asked.
“I would have remembered if I had,” she said. “But she could have been there without me seeing her. I’m usually not in a place where I can view the traffic.”
“What would she be doing in the library all alone? I could see her taking her friend around or being on campus for lunch with a friend from town, but the library? What would she want there?”
“I don’t know but I thought you should know, Professor. And that is why I called.”
“I appreciate you telling me this. I’ll have to ask her about it.”
I hung up, had a quick bite at the caf, and called the “coast,” like they say in the movies. I can picture it now…after I dial and hear the ringing, everyone on “the coast” picks up their phone, “Hello, the Coast,” There I am with four million people on the phone waiting to hear what I have to say. Quite a responsibility.
She answered on the first ring. I was surprised. I didn’t expect a voice so quickly. I usually end up playing phone tag for days before my party and I are at the same place at the same time. I was trying to compose a great question, but the phone was answered so quickly, I settled on a non-stupid opening. 
“Hello, I’m a friend of Madame Petrovsky,” I said. “I’m Professor Palma from Braxton University in Illinois.” Not inspired but not really stupid either.
“Yes, I know the school. As a matter of fact, I visited there only a few weeks ago.” She sounded cheerful. “I was visiting Madame Petrovsky and we saw the school and town as part of my visit there.”
“I hope I’m not disturbing you. Did I call at a bad time?” I said.
“No, not at all. How can I help you Professor?” There was a smile in her voice.
“If you could help me with a couple of questions,” I said. “Just the other night, I had dinner with several acquaintances, Madame Petrovsky being one of them, and the discussion of seers came up. Not too strange since that is her business. Well anyway, mention was made that many vintners have a spiritualist perform a blessing on their fields at the start of the season. Is that right?”
“Yes, that’s true. And, as a matter of fact, we have that done here at the beginning of the growing season and at harvest. We believe that it helps the grapes. Sort of keeps them out of harm’s way, wards off things like blights and bad weather.”
“Does it work?”
“This is our second year of doing it and both years we’ve had good yields. It could just be that Mother Nature has been extra nice to us or…?
“We’re going to continue doing it because it has given us good results and it’s fun. And, what can it hurt?”
“How is this done? I mean, what does the person do?”
“Well, we invite all our workers and some friends and neighbors, anyone who would like to attend. On a night when the moon is full, we meet in one of the vineyards before dark but after the moon has risen. Tammy puts some soil and special stones into a magic bowl and then adds some grape seeds. Then she lights a candle and puts that in the bowl with some herbs or spices or some magic potion. She sprinkles some powder onto the candle, which makes the flame jump up, and then she raises the bowl up to the moon and says something in a foreign language. Then she turns to us with the bowl still raised and we all cheer. Then we all go to the house and have a big buffet. It’s a lot of fun and everyone enjoys themselves. It’s more like a party than a religious ceremony—a good excuse for getting together with friends.”
“So this is like an informal event?”
“Well, we dress up a little, you know, new jeans and a fancy blouse. Tammy, Tamina Bevin, our practitioner, wears a big black cape with a dark red lining. When she moves, it spins around and looks very…”
“Spooky?” I asked.
“Not spooky, sexy. She doesn’t have anything on underneath. She’s not trying to be flashy, but she’s attractive and that’s the uniform that she’s supposed to wear.”
“You said that she used a bowl in her ceremony. What did it look like?”
“It’s the size of a bowl that you would use for breakfast cereal and was very shiny,” she said.
“Did it have any decoration on it?”
“I don’t know. It might have,” she said. “Why are you interested in all of this?” she asked with a little concern in her voice.
I tried to match her pleasantness. “We’ve had a bowl taken from our library’s collection and I’ve been asked to trace it. I’m trying to contact anyone who has information that can further our investigation, anyone who knows anything about antique bowls.” 
“Perhaps you should contact Tammy. She might be able to help. And maybe I can help. We always take pictures at the ceremonies. Would you like me to send them to you?”
“That would be very helpful, Paula.” She gave me Tamina Bevin’s number, we said our good byes and I hung up.
True to her word, Paula emailed me the pictures an hour later. She must have used a good scanner because the pictures had great detail. Even though the light was dim, I could see the faces of the people. But, more importantly, I could see the bowl. 
The first two pictures showed the vines with almost no leaves on them. Ms. Bevin was in the center of the picture and was holding the bowl. She was short with short blonde hair. The picture was taken from behind so the bowl was pretty much covered by her hands. All I could see of her was her floor length cape and her blonde hair. The other picture showed her standing in the middle of a group of well heeled folks, I guess that Paula and her husband were somewhere in the picture. Tamina had the bowl in one hand and was smiling. The bowl was pale yellow with a black rim. It did not look like our bowl. 
The next picture that I pulled up on the computer screen was taken at the harvest. I could see bunches of grapes on the vines with yellow and red leaves. Tamina was dressed the same way, all encompassing black cape tied at the neck and black boots. She was smiling in the middle of a group of field workers. The light was a little better in this one. She had her bowl cradled in her hands in her lap. I couldn’t see any part of the bowl.
The fourth picture showed all. First, it was taken from the front. There were about twenty people, mostly men, a few feet behind her looking solemn. Next, she had her hand over her heart which held her cape partially closed. A small wind had flipped it open so one lovely leg could be seen almost in its entirety. She was a looker, cute little round face, big smile—a real Hollywood starlet type, only not as young. I understand why there were so many men there. Her other arm was raised, and in her hand, in her fingertips, she held the bowl. It was not the same bowl as in the spring pictures. 
I went to my View menu and pressed “resize.” The picture jumped onto the screen at more than twice the size it was. It was now bigger than the screen. The center of the picture was Tammy’s lovely leg. Nice as that was, I still scrolled up and to the left until I had the bowl centered on my screen. Her fingertips touched only the bottom. There was a candle but it was not lit. The wind that opened her cape also must have gotten to the flame.
The entire side of the bowl was visible. It was black with a delicate white rim. There was a white figure holding an amphora and another holding a small bowl up to the sky.
 I swiveled on my chair and went into my top left file drawer in my desk and unlocked it. In front were the files labeled “Missing Bowl,” The first was labeled “Missing Bowl-Interview Notes,” The next was “Missing Bowl-Evidence & Evidence Notes,” The next was labeled “Missing Bowl-Leads & Suspects ”—presently empty. The next was “Missing Bowl-Notes,” And, the next was “Missing Bowl-Misc,” which held anything that didn’t logically fit into the others. After those folders were ones with the names of all of my investigators. I pulled out the “Missing Bowl-Misc” and laid the folder open on my desk. 
In the front was a copy of the same page that we emailed to Madame Petrovsky last Monday night, the full page description of our bowl from Clay’s Registry of Aegean Antiquities. There were several small pictures along with a written description and history of the bowl. One picture showed the left side of the bowl, another showed the front of the bowl, another, the bottom, and one looking into the bowl from the top. There was a larger one that showed it at an angle, looking down so you could see some of the inside and some of the outside.
I held up the page of pictures next to my computer screen. The bowls looked the same size and the figures looked identical, same faces, same amphora. I’d say we have a match here.      
Talk about your smoking gun.



Chapter 20                         
Hacking
 
Why am I doing this you may ask? Why am I setting myself up for another reprimand from the Professor? I don’t know. Well, I do know. I want to break this case and if my hacking into Madame Petrovsky’s computer will help then I’m all for it. I am sitting at my desk, cup of delicious Nescafe in hand. On the desk I have my computers: a laptop which is for everyday work and school, the one I bring with me all over, and my Big Mama. That’s my pride and joy.
My dad said when he was a kid he, and all the guys, were car nuts and they souped up their cars. They modified the engines and changed the way the cars looked. He showed me pictures of the cars he had in high school. They were really cool, low and fast looking. He changed the engines on all of them so they were more powerful. That was when gas was thirty-two cents a gallon. Today, what curious guys do is mess with computers. We overclock. Now my Big Mama has two processors (which I just upgraded this summer) that are water cooled. That might not mean anything to you if you don’t mess with computers but what all this means is that I run the processors faster than they are supposed to—overclock. I can do everything faster than anybody. So what, you say. Well, because I can process so fast, I can crack codes and get into systems before their system knows that they are under attack—and, it’s great for gaming. So now I am aiming all of my computing power and personal genius toward Madame Petrovsky’s files. 
OK, I don’t need much skill here, since it’s an AOL account that she has and Veronica saw the password that Charles used on Monday night when they received the email picture of the bowl from the library. So I entered “I_am_Elvira” at the AOL portal, and I’m in. 
Two new messages. I won’t open those because then she’ll know that someone was here. They’ll be marked read and she’ll know that she didn’t read them. The emails that interest me are those before September 21, the date for the Cornfest. I remember that she or the Professor mentioned Paula Barden. I found one dated September 10, from paulabarden@bardengoodwine.com. It said:
“Looking forward to seeing you on twenty-first. Got tickets. Pick me at OHare, on 19th. I’ll call with more info.”
This doesn’t seem worth the effort for what I am learning here. I looked for other senders that may be suspicious. There were a lot of different people who have written her.
I looked for people that sent more than one email in my time frame which is September 1 to September 21. There were three from catfire3@sagebarn.com. I like that name. It said:
“I will see you on the 17th. I am so looking forward to being reunited with my Fred. I have been so lonely without him. Thank you for all of your work.
Sincerely,
Mary Fergus”
That didn’t help. I tried sallydel@hottab.com.
“Dear Madame Petrovsky, I’m looking forward to our evening together. They are always so informative and comforting.
Sincerely,
Sally DeLeo” 
 
I continued, looking at the subject line of the email before opening it, all the way down to mid-August. I found one with the subject of “IT,” And another on the 17th. I opened it.
“Bill can’t come, only me. See you on 19.
Subject: I FOUND IT.”
No name. It was from tazel@tranquo.net and was sent on the 13th of August.
Does it mean something about our case or is this where she found her lost keys?
I looked back in her saved emails for another one from tazel and I found it in July. It said:
“NEED MORE INFORMATION” and was dated July 18th. It might be something, but then again, it might not. 
I continued looking for others from tazel—there weren’t any. No other emails looked interesting so I logged out. Should I tell Professor P about this. I don’t think that I have enough here to warrant a lecture on ethics again. 
So let’s just keep this our little secret, you and me, OK?



 
Chapter 21                         
Potential Perp Prints
 
I had a pleasant Sunday, just sat around, read, listened to Ravel, corrected some papers. Didn’t think a thing about the investigation. 
Late afternoon on Monday, I had finished my classes, got the Jag washed and oil changed. It was just getting dark—and cold—when I opened the door to our office suite into my office, past the work crazed Fay, typing away like mad—scratch that—keyboarding away like mad.
On my beautiful, clean, oak desk was a solitary phone message. It said, “Call Ms. March.” Off came my coat, down went my body on my faux leather swivel chair, and I dialed Myrna.
“Would you please come over? I have something to tell you,” she said.
“Can’t we discuss it on the phone?” I whined.
“I would feel more comfortable if we could discuss this face to face. Could you come over, now? Please?”
“Mano a mano eh? I suppose I could sneak away for a few minutes.” I dephoned and headed toward the library.
Weekdays, just after dark, the campus is overrun with students headed off on missions of mirth or nutrition and sometimes even education. Looking overworked with big backpacks, walking bent over, their faces aimed toward the ground. A few looked up and smiled, with red cheeks, when they heard me approach. Some responded with a “Hello, Professor” as I passed. 
Each building is guarded by two evergreens lit by a small light suspended above the entrance. In the winter, the trees give me the impression that Mother Nature hasn’t forgotten us, she’s still around and she’ll be back in full force in a few months. 
The size of the welcoming pines shows the age of the building and the amenities that can be expected inside. Large trees mean an old building that translates to hot water heating, drafty windows and brand new networked computers throughout. The smaller trees—newer buildings—means air conditioning and a higher level of comfort within and several year old computers. We can’t have everything now, can we?
As I climbed the entrance steps, I wondered what Myrna found. Did Charles contact her with some hot scoop? Did the Ramaidens conjure up a new bowl for us? What could she have found?
“Thank you so much for coming. I really appreciate it,” Myrna said as I walked into her office. She was at her desk working on her computer. 
“This might not be anything, but this afternoon, about an hour ago, I was coming back from Johnson Hall. You know, they have all those vending machines in the basement? Well, I walked through the non- fiction section. And, as I usually do, when I see books left on the tables, I bring them to the reshelving cart. I like to look at the titles, see what people are reading as I walk to the cart. 
The first group of books was travel books to California and a CD of the Magic Flute. I thought, “How cute, magic.” But then I picked up another batch of books left on the table and they were travel books to Illinois and a CD of Ravel’s L’Enfant et les Sortileges, which is about witches. I thought maybe this was a coincidence so I looked at other books left on the tables and, yes, some were just books left by students, but I found three more sets of books that were travel books to either California or Illinois mixed with magic books or CDs with a magic theme.
“I thought I should call you and let you know about this. No one has done anything wrong but this is so strange, don’t you think?” She gave me a perplexed look and raised her hands, palms up.
“Where were the travel books for?” I asked.
“California and Illinois. No wait, there was one for New Orleans also.”
“Do you still have those books?”
“Yes, they are still in the reshelving cart.”
“Let’s take a look at them,” I said. We walked out of her office. At the end of the nearest aisle was a book cart. All the books had clear plastic book covers taped onto them.
“These are the ones.” She pointed to a dozen books on the second shelf.
“Could I take them? Maybe we can get some fingerprints from them. See if someone we know has touched these books.”
“My prints will be on them, as will other library workers.”
“We expect to see that, but possibly there’ll be more. I know it’s a long shot, but we’ll see what we can learn.”
“How long will it take?”
“It’ll probably about a week or so.” We went back to her office and got a paper bag and some first-aid gloves. I carefully placed the books in the bag after she got their bar code numbers. 
“How are you and Charles getting along?” I asked.
“He asked me to dinner.” She smiled and walked toward her office with a spring in her step.
“Best of luck. I hope you have fun,” I said. I told Myrna that I would return the books tomorrow. She turned and smiled again and waved. I left for my office. 
Does this mean that she’ll be our spy in the Petrovsky camp?



 
Chapter 22                         
Monica
 
It was four o’clock Monday and I was correcting late papers when Monica appeared in my doorway. She silently walked in and gently lowered herself onto my sofa and then slid back, straightening her skirt with her hands. She smiled at me weakly. “Hello, Professor.”
“Hello, Monica, how are you?” I asked.
“Fine, thank you. 
“Professor, there is something that I have to tell you.” She looked like she was about to confess that she stole the bowl. “I’m sorry but I can’t continue to work on the investigation.” She looked at her hands in her lap.
“Oh, I’m sorry to hear that,” I said.
“It’s just taking too much time. My grades are going down and I just don’t know what to do. I mean, I study but I’m still not doing well.”
“Are all of your grades going down?”
“Well, it’s mainly my chemistry. It’s killing me. I try but I just can’t understand it. It really scares me. Nothing like this ever happened to me before. I don’t know what to do.”
“I think you are doing a very mature thing. Leaving the investigation will free up a lot of your time that you can use for study.”
“I think so, too. You know,” she smiled at me, “I was pledging Veronica’s sorority, Beta Omicron Delta, but I went inactive so I’ll have more study time. I’ll try to get in next semester. I’m staying on the Bugle though because my minor is English. I’ve been writing for the paper since I got here.”
“We’re all going to miss you. At least stop by and see us, OK?”
“OK, Professor. And thanks. I enjoyed working for you. I’m going to miss all of this.”
She got up and gave me an almost imperceptible smile as she offered her hand for me to shake. 
“What about a tutor? Have you thought of using Jason? I hear he’s good at that.”
“I’ve got a tutor. I start with him tomorrow. I hope it works. Thanks for everything.” She bent her fingers, waved a little good bye and walked out. 
I’m going to miss her. She was a good worker and such a nice person. Could anyone take her place?



 
Chapter 23                         
Thirty-two
 
 “What do you think? Should we ask the professor to have Thirty-two join us?” We were at my place, Ralphy and me. I was talking to him over my shoulder as I prepared another cuppa Nescafe.
“Who’s that, Jason?”
“I told you, he’s in my Modern European History class. He’s smart but he’s, what do you call it?”
“Weird,” Ralphy replied.
“I’d say an independent thinker. Did you know that he invented a sport?”
“Oh?”
“Yeah, Forensic Boxing.”
“What?”
“It would have been a first. He was trying to do some kind of franchising thing so he could make money from it. It never took off.”
“What do you mean, ‘Forensic Boxing?’” Ralphy asked.
“Well, it’s like regular boxing except when you get in the ring, you try to talk the other guy out of hitting you. Thirty-two said it would be great for everyone, ‘a sport for the whole family.’ If you’re out of shape or slow, it didn’t really matter if you were quick with the wit. Even girls could play,” I said. “He set up an exhibition match in the gym last year.”
“What happened?”
“He got creamed. He got one of the linemen from the Bear Cubs. They were dancing around in the ring, both looking like they knew what they were doing. Thirty-two starts to say something and before he finishes, the guy clocks him. He’s down for the count. When he gets up, he complains that he should have been allowed to finish his sentence. He said he was going to change the rules to allow that—the finishing of sentences before clobbering. He also mentioned that he couldn’t be understood while wearing a traditional mouth guard. I think that an improved mouth guard was going to be another source of income.
“He set up a return match for the next night—nobody showed up, including his opponent. That was that. Although, it did get written up in the Toilet Paper.”
“Doesn’t he drive a Colt? I thought I saw him in town,” Ralphy said.
“Yeah, I rode in it last week. Needs serious work,” I said. “I was waiting for him at the parking lot, by Palma’s office. And then he pulls up with this car which didn’t look too bad, dark red Dodge Colt with a dented hood and bumper, a two door, not a bad car. He’s at the curb and I’m about to get in when I see it. The air bag had blown and it’s in Thirty-two’s lap.
“‘What’s that?’ I asked him when I got it. It took a lot of effort to pull that door open.
“‘What’s what?’ Thirty-two says, ‘Hey, how do you like my new car?’ he asks me. So then I say, ‘You should give it a decent burial. And what’s that in your lap?’”
“He says, ‘Oh, this? Well it costs $1,500 to get an air bag fixed, you know, replaced and all of the sensors reset so that it’ll work again, and I use my seat belt all the time so I don’t really need it for safety, so I keep it out like this because I think it looks kinda cool and it’s sort of a built in napkin. When I’m eating soup, or pizza, while driving, it helps keep my clothes clean. See, look at my shirt. See how clean it is? And I just finished lunch.’
“He is kinda messed up. But, he’s great in physics and math so he can’t be a complete dummy,” I said. “Can he?”
Ralphy shrugged.



 
Chapter 24                         
Chicago
 
I dropped off the books at the county sheriff’s office first thing on Friday morning, nice drive. They told me that they would have results some time next week. It’s not a difficult process. They brush a powder on the surface and then blow off all of the excess. The powder adheres to the body oil that was deposited by our handling of the book. Pictures are taken and scanned into the computer. Then the prints are compared with the prints in the FBI data base. 
It used to be time consuming requiring experts to analyze them but now, the computer checks the entire file of millions of prints in a few minutes. What takes time is waiting for other more important jobs to go through—and the paperwork. 
Did anyone we know touch these books? 
*    *    *
I am always amazed by my students. Sometimes they’re lemmings—do what their told. And sometimes they come up with ideas from who knows where. My eight o’clock’s were lemmings today, no questions, no nothing, they just sat there waiting for the bell. That’s kind of how I felt today too. Maybe I telegraphed that to them.
I only have an eight o’clock on Wednesdays—a good day to sneak out to Chicago and meet with my old friend, Leo. It’s only a two hour drive from Hastings.
I filled the Jag up with petrol—both tanks—and took Route 27 to 61. It’s always an enjoyable drive, especially today with its bright, clear, sky. Ready-to-harvest corn waited in fields next to the road alongside trees with apple red and banana yellow leaves that were soon to be pulled off by the rough autumn winds. 
My buddy, Detective Leo Conti went directly to the Chicago Police Department from DePaul University. We both went to DePaul and have kept in contact ever since.
I thought about the kids as the road rolled by. In our short time together, they have grown into a team, thinking for the common good, and just plain thinking. Yes, the guys still give little thought to other people’s feelings but they’re getting better. 
Veronica makes up for their insensitivity with her awareness of every gesture and word. It makes the guys—and me—afraid to speak in front of her. Jason and Ralphy now pause before speaking. This is a breakthrough on the level of communicating with extra-terrestrials.
An hour on the road and the view changed. Farmhouses and fields gave way to car lots, diners, fast food places. I was in the western suburbs of Chicago. After O’Hare Field, it was continuous humanity. Office buildings next to parking lots next to shopping malls next to apartment buildings, extending to the horizon. Every spot was occupied—no vacancy.
What should I tell Leo? We have a theft of something that would be hard to sell? It may be valuable to a collector or someone in the magic and spell casting business, but that’s it, no leads, no suspects. Maybe the California witch, or Wydra Beems, or Madame Petrovsky. That’s it, no one else. Should I just quit? Should I ask him to come on as a consultant? That would be hard to sell to MAW, a consultant to a consultant. I should give up and throw the whole case at Leo. This is what he does. He’d know what to do.
The Eisenhower Expressway leads right to the center of the city, the Loop. The traffic got thicker as I neared downtown.
We were to meet at Rockaburgers at noon on Lincoln and Fullerton, Chicago’s North Side. I found a spot after three times around the block, but it took ten sweeps to ­squeeze in and five minutes deciding if it was safe to leave it. Would the guy in front or the guy in back do the most damage? Finding parking here is comparable to winning the lottery. 
If I were smart, I would have parked near the expressway and taken the L into town. The L goes everywhere and it’s a fun way to see the city and meet people. That’s the elevated train that goes to the Loop, the center of Chicago. And, it’s not just poor people transportation. During the rush hours, there are more suits on the L than real people.
Rockaburgers hadn’t changed: same outside tables, same big windows painted black at the bottoms and the same corny sign—a humanized hamburger, wearing a WWI German helmet, dancing with a ketchup bottle with lettuce trees and tomato trees in the background. My guess is the helmet signifies German beers are served—or the origin of their sausages.
It’s a red brick building, restaurant on the ground floor, apartments above. The bar was on the right and extended from the door to the end of the room with tables filling the rest of the room. There was another room that opened from the first. It was all tables and chairs. I picked a spot where I could see the door and sat. The light pouring through the front and side windows covered the floor. The back room had no windows and was lit by dim chandeliers hanging from the high ceiling. It looked like a cowboy bar that you’d find in London.
Leo arrived. He’s a stocky guy with a little hair around his round head. He extended his strong hand to me and exchanged his regular police scowl for a big grin. “The Professor, how are you?” he pronounced professor as three words.
I said, “I’m fine, how are you?”
“Overworked and overpaid,” he said.
“Really?”
“No, I just like to say that,” he said. “How’s academic life treating you? You looked like you gained a few pounds.”
“Thanks,” I said while self consciously patting my stomach, which, unfortunately, has increased in the last year.
“So, what’s up? I haven’t seen you in ages.”
“I’m on a case. An antique was stolen from our school library. Everyone’s relying on me to get it back and, so far, I haven’t gotten to first base. It’s a crazy case and I don’t have any suspects.” The waitress arrived. We both looked up.
“Ready?” she asked.
“Burger and fries and a coke,” Leo said.
“Burger with blue cheese and fries and a cup of decaf,” I said.
I continued. “I don’t know if I’m out of my league or what. The thing would be a hard thing to fence. It’s a one of a kind.”
“What is it?” he asked.
“It’s a bowl. A small bowl that—we think—was made in Greece about 500BC. It’s listed in several registers of antiquities with Braxton as the owner so anyone buying it would know that it was stolen.
“My take on it is that someone stole it not to sell but for some other reason. The problem is I don’t know what the other reason is. There are several reasons why someone would take it, the most common being to add to someone’s collection.”
Leo said, with a mouthful of fries, “Yeah, we can run your case through the city and Federal databases and see who comes up. There might be some Bozo in your town who is on our likely suspects list.” He swiped at the ketchup on his chin with his napkin. “If some guy did this for some reason other than making a buck, we have a problem,” 
I like him saying “we.” 
“Then it could be any nutcase out there. Someone without a record. That would make it tough.” He went back to his burger.
“So, how’s your love life, Frank?” he asked.
“I’m not sure. I think it’s either very bad or non-existent.”
“What do you mean?” 
“I date this one girl every six months and then she dumps on me. The good news is she’s gorgeous and she doesn’t date anyone else.”
“So, you’re telling me you’re going steady with some good looking chick who gives you grief every time you see her but you only see her twice a year?” he said.
“You’ve summed it up perfectly.”
“Have you ever thought of say… abandoning her for someone less cruel? Someone who, crazy as it sounds, may like you?” he said.
“It’s a small town. There’s really not a large selection of unattached females. Although, I must admit, your idea has merit.”
“Speaking of women, how is Chrissy?”
“She’s only got Joey at home now. Both girls are in school, and they love it. Every day they come home with more stuff for the refrigerator door. Most of my paycheck goes for refrigerator door magnets. I can’t get enough of them.”
“I’ll send you some from school. I steal them from the admissions department.” 
“Steal?” he said. “You would use the word steal in front of a cop? I think that’s a felony in itself.”
“Just a figure of speech. Admissions wants me to have them, wants everyone to have them. They think that if they are on your fridge for fifteen years, your kids will be subliminally attracted to Braxton U. Who knows, it may work. You could tell me in fifteen years.
“But getting back to my case, what do you think?”
“It looks like you have nothing to go on, a cold case. I would keep my ears peeled and hope he strikes again. Then you might get some evidence or a witness.” He squirted ketchup on his fries. 
“How about setting up something as bait, something irresistible, something this guy can’t pass up?” Leo said.
“I don’t know if we have something like that.”
“You don’t really need anything. You just need for him to think you have. And then, when the guy comes for it, you grab him.”
“You make it sound so easy,” I said.
“It ain’t. You’ve got to put this in a place where only the thief would go. His presence there proves his guilt. And you have to let the whole community know about this and only you will know that it’s a setup. It’ll take a lot of thought for it to work.”
We finished everything except the ketchup and the napkins and said our goodbyes. Leo told me that he’ll get back to me on those databases and I should keep him informed on the case.
On the ride back, I thought about the setup. What could we use for bait? I don’t know if we know why the bowl was stolen in the first place. I could use an analytical mind for this. 



Chapter 25                         
The Plan
 
I went directly to Landra Lodge’s office when I got back to town. There was no traffic in this direction so I made it back to Hastings before five. 
Herman Walsh was at his desk outside of Landra’s office. “Hello, Herman, how you doing?” He looked up, a little startled either to see me or to see anybody. “Yeah, hi, how are you. What d’ya need?” Is it me, or is he so bland with everyone? 
“Just came to say hello to Landra,” I said.
“Not business? She’s pretty busy. I don’t know if she’ll see you.”
“I’ll take my chances.” I walked into her office.
She looked up. “Didn’t I just see you? Don’t we get together every six months?” She was as excited to see me as always. 
She was wearing a dark blue suit with a white blouse, and some kind of tie or scarf—her usual serious business attire. But that didn’t lessen her femininity or effect on me, on men.
 “This is not social,” I said. “This is a mission of national security.”
She raised her eyebrows in an “Oh brother,” type of look. “National security?”
“Well, not really national security. More like help me solve my case so I’ll have job security. So yes, it is a serious security case.”
She shook her head. “What do you need?”
I got up and closed her door. Standing in front of her desk, I leaned my palms flat on it. “I need you to help me set a trap to catch a thief. Can you help me?”
“This is about the bowl theft, isn’t it?”
“Yes,” I said.
“You know, I think it’s just going to show up. This was probably some prank gone wrong, and now, because of all the publicity, they don’t know how to put it back.”
“I can’t wait,” I said. “If it’s missing at Homecoming, it’ll cause a lot of embarrassment to the school, and, to me.”
She stretched her arms on the desk and folded her hands. “What would you like me to do?”
“First, you can’t tell anyone. Only you and I will know about this. We need to let everyone know that we have something as good as or better than the stolen bowl. We have to set this up so that only the thief will come to the location that we have chosen for the piece.”
“What piece?”
“I don’t know,” I said. “Either we’ll get another piece or give the impression that we have another piece. Maybe someone has unexpectedly donated something to us.”
“Like left to us in a will?” she said.
“Yeah, something like that. What do you think?”
“I’ll see what I come up with and I’ll call you tomorrow.”
“Great,” I said while bringing myself to my full five foot ten height. “How about some dinner?”
“We just did that. I’ll call you tomorrow.”
Her warmth is legend. I put my tail between my legs and crawled out of her office. When will I learn?
*   *    *
“OK, here’s what I came up with,” Landra said when she called me this afternoon. 
I spent my morning in the office doing class work things, something that I have been neglecting of late. I owe it to my students to give them challenging lectures and assignments. I’ve been doing this for six years so I pretty much know what to do next. It’s just that I feel guilty if the kids have to wait over a week for their papers to be returned. Also, it felt good to get away from the case for a while.
“We will let it leak out on some student web site that we’re getting another fancy bowl to take the place of the one stolen,” she said. 
“How are we going to get it on the web?” I asked.
“One of your computer geniuses can write it onto some site,” She said.
“Maybe on a bulletin board?”
“That would work,” she said. 
“By the way, one of my students got a website for us. Nothing fancy, just a picture of the bowl, an address, phone and fax numbers and a couple of words describing what we need, and a mention of a reward.”
“Any hits?” Landra asked.
“Nothing really, just some kids saying silly things like, “Yeah, I saw it on TV in New Orleans in January,” making reference to the Super Bowl. And, “It’s in the caf, filled with Sweet’n Low.” And another one just said, “California.”
“Kids,” she said.
I went back to my office.



 
Chapter 26                         
Really Followed
 
There was a sealed envelope on my desk with “F. Palma Confidential,” neatly written on the front. What a great name for a movie—I’d like Jack Nicholson to play me. It was Myrna March’s list of people who might have taken the bowl.
“I feel bad about naming these people. I personally think that none of them did it but they were here at the time of the theft,” she wrote in a big, easily readable hand in light blue ink. “Please keep these names private.” She signed it Myrna M.
I looked at the list. Most of the names were students who worked part time shelving or at the front desk, names I didn’t know. She also included her boss, Wydra Beems, and herself on the list and the missing caretaker—nothing new, nothing that I could use.
Under Myrna’s letter there was a note on my desk asking for me to contact Veronica IMMEDIATELY! 
I called her on her cell phone. No answer. These kids, I tell them to always carry their cell phone but… I tried her land line and after the phone was passed to two or three girls, Veronica spoke.
“Professor. Finally you called,” she said breathlessly, “We’ve got to meet now.”
“Now?”
“Yes, Professor, now! I don’t want to talk about it on the phone.”
“Should we meet at the Library?” I asked.
“No, the Bar Bar’s best. Please pick me up, Professor. I’m afraid to walk over there by myself.”
“I’m on my way.”
I locked the office and headed to Wakely Hall, a quick trot across the campus. It was dark now and the decorative gas lights that are poised next to the walks are attractive but don’t really do much to dispel the darkness around the trees. I can see how Veronica would be easily scared and assume some of the tall bushes were goblins hiding among the distant trees.
Veronica was standing just inside the front door, near the mailboxes. At least I thought it was her. She had her coat bundled up and a scarf wrapped around her neck and head. When she saw me, she rushed out and grabbed my arm. “Let’s go!” She looked left and right and pulled me in the direction of the Bar Bar.
“Veronica? Is that you?”
“Of course it’s me,” she said. 
“What’s this all about?” I asked as she tugged me along the walk.
“Can’t talk here. I’ll tell you at the place.” She turned her head in both directions and kept at her furious pace. She stopped and looked intently behind us. I looked also, not knowing what I was looking for. She pulled my arm and kicked up leaves as she sped through the north parking lot and to the entrance road that goes from the lot to Route 27.
After the three minute walk, she led me into the Bar Bar and stopped in the foyer, at the doorway into the main room. The lighting is bright here, and since we were out in the dark night, our eyes needed to adjust. She slowly scanned the entire room, table by table, and then quickly walked ahead of me to a table in the farthest rear corner. She sat facing the door, still wearing her coat and scarf.
I sat down, dropping my coat against the chair back in the process. “What’s going on, Veronica? Are you going to keep your scarf on all night?” I asked.
“I might be safe here with you. I don’t know. I suppose I can take my scarf off now.” She shook herself out of her coat and all-encompassing scarf.
“Professor, we’re not alone!” Her eyes were saucers.
“What do you mean, Veronica? Aliens?”
“Professor, be serious. I mean that someone is watching me—watching us. Are you being watched too?” she asked, penetrating me with her big eyes.
“I don’t think so.” I was taken aback by her remark. “What makes you think that we’re being watched?”
“Because I am.” Her eyes were pleading, boring into me, her breaths coming fast.
I gave her a questioning look, raised eyebrows, raised shoulders.
“I’m not exaggerating, Professor, someone is following me.”
“How do you know, Veronica?”
“I saw him! I was coming out of Washington Hall and there was this person on one of the stone benches there, all bundled up. Now it wasn’t that cold around lunchtime. So I thought, “Strange, all bundled up.” The person was about my size so I couldn’t tell if it was a woman or some boy. I didn’t think anything of it until I came out of lunch at Johnson Hall and saw the same person in the grass, just standing there.
“When I walked back to my place with Monica, I turned around as I held the door open for her and I saw him, or her, again.”
The waitress came to our table with pencil on order pad. “Ready?” she said.
Veronica said, “Coffee,” and I nodded my agreement.
After the waitress left, I said, “Do you think he followed us here?” I didn’t look when we were walking because I didn’t know that that was a problem. This was more of a check of the depth of her paranoia.
“I don’t think so. I didn’t see anyone when I left the dorm. I guess he thought that I was in for the night, not going out any more.”
That was a rational answer. She hasn’t gone coo-coo. We sat there silently. Our coffee came.
I took out my cell and called Ralphy. No answer. I called Jason who picked up on the second ring. “Yes, Professor,” he said.
“Jason, we think someone is following us. Veronica and I are at the Bar Bar. Come over here and see if anyone follows us, OK? Come in the door and look around, like you’re looking for someone and then leave. We’ll leave a few minutes after we see you, OK?” 
“If someone is following us, call me. Keep back so you won’t be seen. We’re more interested in finding out if we’re being tailed than catching the guy.”
“OK, Professor, I’m leaving now. I’ll be there in five minutes,” he said.
We sat there, not talking, waiting for Jason to appear. After a few minutes, Jason came into the barroom, squinting and with pursed lips. He looked around and then walked out. Veronica looked at me and I said, “We’ll wait a minute and then go.” I spotted our waitress and gave her the international sign for we-need-our-check—a checkmark sketched in the air.            
I paid, Veronica rewrapped and we left.
The inky sky was only slightly disturbed by the widely spaced street lights as we left town and headed down the tree lined road toward campus and her dorm. Veronica held onto my arm with a death grip as we passed bushes and low hanging branches. “Is he following us, Professor?”
“I don’t know. We shouldn’t look around so he won’t know that we know he’s tailing us,” I said.
It’s only a short distance to the dorms. The Bar Bar is on the other side of the highway, just outside of the red brick pillars that guard the main road to the school along with the sign. 
The school sign is universally mocked by the students—with cause. It reads, “Braxton University, Aimed at You.” Sounds more like a cannon than a school. How much did the marketing consultant get for that one? Or was it, “We only have two hundred dollars for a motto and it can’t be more than sixteen spaces long or it won’t fit on the sign. The students say that the motto should be, “Braxton, a small school for small minds.”
In earlier times, Braxton was a corn field. At the north and east sides are stands of old hardwood trees. Some were removed for the parking lots but most of the trees and the surrounding vegetation were saved with the buildings being placed around the natural elements of the area. The entrance road to the parking lot is as long as a football field. And, it’s the same distance again through the lot to Wakely Hall, Veronica’s dorm. All four dormitories have been placed in a diamond shape with Veronica’s being next to Jason’s, Foster Hall. 
During the day, students from the dorms cut diagonally across the little woods to town, circumventing the parking lot and the entrance road. It’s a small area but large enough to get lost in at night. This shortcut halves the distance to the Hastings attractions such as Frank Foods & Beverages, Videos Unlimited, and Gamer Guy, the computer store. A car isn’t needed for necessary purchases, it is only needed to escape the country life. We took the shortcut through the woods.
I don’t think that we were being followed and either Jason was great at tailing—I didn’t see him at all—or he got lost in our little forest. 
“What do I do now, Professor?’ Veronica asked at Wakely Hall’s door.
“Just go in. I’ll call Jason at our conference number. Do you remember that?” I asked.
“Yes.” She gave me her Don’t-you-think-I-know-anything-look, “Speed dial 7.”
“Good. You can listen to my conversation with Jason and see what he saw.”
“Goodnight, Professor, and thank you for coming over,” Veronica said.
“You’re welcome. I’ll see you tomorrow.” She went in and the door closed behind her. She turned around and gave me a half-hearted wave, fingers only, and trudged slowly up the stairs. 
I dialed Jason. “Jason here,” he said.
“Well, what’s the word? Were we followed?”
“No,” he said, “I couldn’t see anyone.”
“Where are you?” I asked.
“I’m about two hundred feet from you, next to a tree by the side of Fogel Hall. Can you see me waving?”
I turned and looked at my office building. He was waving and walking toward me.
“Stop. Go back into the shadows and see if I’m being followed. Call me after I get in my car, OK?”
“Gotcha, Professor.” He hung up.
I walked down the Kennedy to the parking lot. As I slammed the car door, my phone went off. 
“You’re clear, Professor. Nobody was following you.”
“Do you think someone was following Veronica?” Jason asked. “Or is she just taking this crime stuff too seriously?”
“No, she has a good point. I think that she was being tailed. I’d like to know who and why. Are we onto something?
“Jason, we’re going to follow Veronica everywhere and see if anyone is watching. But now we are going to make sure that you are not followed. I’ll go to Foster Hall and wait for you now. I’ll be in the shadows and see if you have picked up a tail. So stay where you are for three minutes then walk to your dorm. I’ll drive to the east parking lot and walk to your place. I’ll be by the trees in front of the dining hall.” We both hung up.
I drove past the football field and through the east parking lot and parked next to the tennis courts. I got out and walked on the path between the football and soccer fields, past the vegetable garden and Bellermine Hall to the dining hall. I was about fifty feet from Jason’s front door at Foster Hall and I could see him on the walkway walking toward me. He got to his door and went in. There was no one in sight. I phoned.
“You’re clear, Jason. Nobody’s around,” I said. “I’ll have Veronica call in before she leaves the dorm tomorrow so you can follow her to class.” 
 “This could be a break for us, Professor. Someone’s showing interest in our investigation.”
I drove home and parked. I closed the door to my place, took off my coat and fell down on the sofa with my jacket. It felt darker than usual. All of my lights that go on with the timer were on. Maybe it’s my mood.



 
Chapter 27                         
Following The Follower
 
“I’m ready,” Veronica said.
It was ten to nine on this chilly autumn morning and all of us were on the conference line, even late sleeper Ralphy. “OK, Jason, go to Griffin Hall, the entrance where you can see the side entrance to Washington Hall. Ralphy, wait by the admin building till you see Veronica, then follow her to Washington. If you see something, call us. Veronica, don’t have your phone on. For you, this is just another day walking to class. What room is your class?”
“W-206,” she said.
“OK, I’ll see you outside of 206 and tell you what’s happening,” I said.
“All right, Professor.”
“I’m at Fogel,” Ralphy said.
A minute passed. “I’m at Griffin, Professor,” Jason said.
“You can leave now, Veronica,” I said.
“I’m going down right now.” I heard her phone click off.
“I can see her coming,” Ralphy said, “and a lot of other people, too. Everyone’s heading to class. What’s this guy look like?”
I said. “About Veronica’s size, all bundled up.”
Ralphy responded. “I see someone, kind of dorky-looking. Might be him.”
“OK, follow him, see what he does,” I said.
Jason was talking now. “I see Veronica now. What’s the guy look like, Ralphy?” 
“Beige ski jacket, beige pants, ski cap over his ears,” Ralphy said. 
“I see him,” Jason said. “Veronica’s in the building. He’s sort of slowed down. Looks like he’s considering going in. Nope. He’s staying out. He’s starting to walk back toward you, Ralphy. Wait, he’s stopped. He’s sitting on the bench next to the bell tower. I think he’s waiting until class is over.”
“It’s the carillon, not the bell tower, Jason,” Ralphy chided.
“Good job, Jason. Ralphy?”
“Yes, Professor?” 
“Do you have any friends in Wakely or Kennedy Halls?”
“Yes, why?”
“Because I want you to hurry up to my office. Ask Fay to give you my camera with the longest telephoto lens and get over to Wakely or Kennedy and take some pictures of our man. Do you know anyone on the second floor?” I asked.
“Don’t worry about it, Professor. I’ll get it done,” Ralphy said.
Veronica joined me at 206. I took her off to one side and said very quietly, “You were right. Someone followed you. We’re getting a picture of him.” 
“Does he look scary?” her brows were furrowed.
“Ralphy said he looked dorky.”
“I wish he would follow someone else, Professor.” She was holding her books against her chest and twisting nervously from side to side and looking up at me.
“If he’s still there after class and follows you again, I’ll call campus security to pick him up and see what his story is,” I said.
“Won’t that jeopardize our investigation?” she asked.
“Maybe, but I’m not going to put you in a potentially dangerous situation. Go to class, study hard. And don’t worry about this. Maybe this guy is just another admirer.”
“Oh, professor.” She smiled at me, one of those 500 watt smiles, and gently touched my forearm.
“Where’s your next class?” 
“Griffon, 300.” 
“All right. We’ll be watching, so don’t worry.”
I looked into the next classroom. It was empty. I turned on my phone as I walked toward the windows. I could see the dorms but, more important, I could see the carillon and the bench beside it with the dork in question sitting on it. 
“Ralphy, where are you?” I asked.
“I’m leaving your office now, heading toward Washington Hall.”
“Cut through the dorm courtyard. We don’t want you to be seen by our tailer,”  
“OK, Professor,” Ralphy said.
“Do you guys think that he was following Veronica?” I asked.
Both returned a yes. “I’m going off the air for a moment to get campus security to pick this guy up.” 
I called security and told them that there was a person stalking one of my students and that he was sitting next to the bell tower. They said that they would get right on it.
I continued looking out the window at the fellow in beige on the bench. He got up, slowly looked both ways in a manner that made me think he was guilty of something, and moved up the pathway away from Washington Hall and toward the parking lot.
“Where are you, Ralphy?” I said after I got on our conference line again.
“Behind the dorms walking toward the main path.”
“Get your camera to the ready. He’s off the bench and should be passing the dorms momentarily,” I said.
“What should I do, Professor?” Jason asked.
“Stay at Griffon Hall for now.”
“Here he comes. I’m going to get a shot of him now,” Ralphy said.
A moment passed and then I heard, “Beautiful. I got four shots of him so maybe we’ll get one good face shot out of it,” Ralphy said.
I couldn’t see Ralphy but I could see the two big security guards with their blue jackets coming out of Louis Hall, right across from Washington Hall. I got off our conference call and called security. 
“The guy’s moving. He’s walking up the Kennedy toward the north parking lot and he’s wearing beige pants and a beige ski jacket and a ski cap over his ears. He’s about five foot six, average to skinny build. Tell your men we really want this guy brought in.”
I could see one of the guards holding his radio to his ear and nodding. They both turned onto the Kennedy and started walking quickly after our man. The tailer casually looked behind and saw the guards walking toward him. He picked up the pace a little and then started to run full speed to the parking lot, arms pumping. I could see Ralphy now. He was next to the Kennedy watching the guards chasing our man.
“What should I do, Professor?” Ralphy asked.
“Tell me what’s happening?” I said.
“The little guy’s running and the guards are about fifty feet behind him. I see a car parked where the path meets the parking lot and the passenger door just swung open. The guards are getting closer but I don’t think they’ll get him. 
“Yeah, he jumped into the car and they’re really flying out of here. The guards are at the lot now, and one of them is on his radio.” 
“Jason, get out of there and run to the highway and see if you can catch the license number. At least get a description of the car and who’s inside,” I said. If they headed into town, they wouldn’t pass Jason, but if they went south, then we’d be in luck. I heard a siren start up behind me, a campus security car was on the access road south of the classroom buildings. 
“I don’t see anything. Wait, there’s a car turning out of the school lot and heading south,” Jason said.
“What color, Jason?” I asked.
“Dark red, maroon, something like that.”
“That ain’t it,” Ralphy butted in. “It was a silver four door, small, Japanese,” 
“Wait,” Jason said. “Yeah, there’s a silver four door turning toward town and he’s really peeling rubber.”
I clicked off the conference call and got back to Campus Security. “Silver, four door, small, Japanese, headed toward town. It’s got our bad guy in it.”
I heard the siren go by. Now I could see it through the trees on the highway flying toward town. Man, they’re good for a small school security team.
“All right. You did good. You all did good. Now stay apart. I don’t think we should be seen together for awhile,” I said.
“Awe, Professor,” Ralphy said in a sad voice. “Does this mean you’re breaking up with me?”
I could hear Jason laughing on the phone. I smiled.
I was curious to find out about our follower. I waited a few minutes until they got some feedback from the patrol car, then I called Security again,
We are a small private school and Hastings is a small town so the police and campus security work together frequently, and well. The Campus Security guards look menacing but they’re good guys whose main job is checking to see if the doors are locked at night. But their director, Carl Mandissa, is a real cop. He worked Chicago PD before heading the force here.
“Find out anything, Carl?” I asked.
“My car is still going north on 27. I called Hastings Police and they’ve got two cars in town, looking for a small, silver four door.” 
“What about your surveillance cameras in the lot? Anything good on them, Carl?”
“I haven’t checked yet. I’ll send someone to bring me the tapes and I’ll let you know,” he said.
I repeated the description that Ralphy gave me of Veronica’s tailer and clicked off my cell. I left the empty classroom as class was just getting out. Veronica was in front of 206, her books still clutched to her chest, twisting and tapping her feet.
“There you are, Professor!” she said. “What happened?”
“We didn’t get him, he got away,” I replied.
She moved close to me, pulled me down and whispered in my ear, “Am I in danger?”
“No, but to be on the safe side, how about you change your appearance—different clothes, a different look? Just for a few days, anyway,” I said.
“Are you sure I’m not in danger?”
“I would never put you in danger, Veronica. It’s just a precaution,” I said, as we walked across the quad to Griffon Hall for her next class. 
Why Veronica? What does she have that our thief wants? Could this just be some lovesick kid following a pretty girl? I don’t think so. Would a lovesick kid have a getaway car poised like that? 
Back at my office I found a message on my desk, “Call Leo Conti. Important.”
I dialed Leo. “Yeah?” he said.
“It’s Palma. I’m returning your call.”
“It’s about those fingerprints.”
“The ones on the books and CDs?” I asked.
“Yes. None were on our, or the federal, database. There was one set of prints that were on most of the items but we can’t find out whose they were. So it was one guy, who pulled all the books and CDs but we don’t know who. Is that any help?”
“I guess. Not much, but something to think about,” I said. “Thanks, Leo, I appreciate your help.” I hung up thinking that we were no closer to getting our bowl back when the phone rang again. It was Myrna March.
“I talked with Charles last night, at dinner.”
“How was it? Did you have fun?” I asked.
“Yes, I did have fun which makes this so hard to do. I feel like Mata Hari.” She paused. “Anyway, I asked if he or Madame use our library. He said he’s never been there and he doubts if Madame Petrovsky has ever been there either. He was very nice and I felt like a crumb asking him those questions.”
“They probably have nothing to do with the bowl. I just wanted to see how he would answer the question.”
Curiouser and curiouser.


We hope that you enjoyed this preview. This book can be purchased at: http://www.amazon.com/dp/B005CRGH4Y

Please visit our website at: voltessa.com or our blog at: louieflann.posterous.com



Louie Flann lives in Naples, Florida with his wife where he is completing his second mystery novel. He has a married son and loves to travel, dine and care for his electric car.

