

The Saints Go Dying
By:
Erik Hanberg

Published by Erik Hanberg
Copyright © 2010
All rights Reserved

ISBN 9780982714508

Cover Design by Mary Holste, Mary Holste Design

All characters appearing in this work are fictitious.
Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.

For Mary
who read along chapter by chapter

Chapter 1
Only on TV do people get to look good at three in the morning, Arthur Beautyman thought. He dragged himself out of his car and into the Santa Monica police station, feeling like his soul was on strike, his body left to fend for itself.
One look at the bags under the eyes of the desk sergeant inside the door and Beautyman wondered if anyone ever really got used to being up at this hour. He flashed the sergeant his detective’s badge. “I’m here to see the suspect you’re holding in the Babylon murders.”
The sergeant looked at the badge and the ID photo next to it, and back to Beautyman’s face. He lingered on Beautyman’s features for a moment and checked again. Have I really changed that much? Beautyman took the opportunity to look at his own photo. It was more than the weight loss. The light pockmarks scars from his teenage acne looked deeper now against his tightened cheeks. The photo also showed no sign of the gray strands that had invaded his dark brown hair.
His green eyes were the same; other than that Beautyman was starting to feel like he was walking in another man’s skin. He closed the leather over his badge and looked back up at the desk sergeant. “You were here when they brought the suspect in?” Beautyman asked.
The sergeant nodded, reaching for the phone.
“Why was he picked up?”
“A tipster called the Watchdog hotline. We followed up and apprehended the suspect in a parking lot off the Pacific Coast Highway. He matched the description, so we put him in an interrogation room and gave him a bottle of water, just as you asked.”
The sergeant dialed the phone and left Beautyman brooding. If he’d known this had been a tip from Watchdog, he might have stayed in bed. Beautyman hated the weekly show.
Watchdog had taken the basic premise of documentary justice shows like Unsolved Mysteries and American Justice but with a new twist. Its central premise was that cops were crooked, incompetent, and possibly as bad as the criminals themselves. The show existed to expose the police’s bumbling efforts to solve crimes, when they weren’t actively covering them up, and bring the weight of public opinion down on them. It masqueraded as a public watchdog—hence its title—seeking to reform all L.A.-area law enforcement through the “light of public scrutiny.”
Had the show’s recklessness stopped there, Beautyman might have been able to tolerate it. But they started advertising their tip line as “the number to call when you just can’t trust the police.” Since the show became a hit, Beautyman knew he was not the only detective in L.A. who had run into witnesses who remained tight-lipped during questioning and declared that they would only talk to Watchdog.
The sergeant hung up the phone and said, “They’re in the back.”
Beautyman nodded. He felt the early hour creeping back over him as he waited for the buzzer that signaled he could get into the back offices of the station. He had already given up hoping that the man in custody would be a possible suspect, let alone the killer himself. In the last month alone the Sheriff’s Department and the municipal police departments had collectively fielded hundreds of tips about the Babylon murders. They never led to the man he was looking for.
A detective and a uniformed officer were waiting for him when he came through the glass door. The young officer asked, “Any chance this might be the guy?”
Beautyman looked past the young man, staring off into space. On a good day and wearing boots, Beautyman was all of 5’6”. The officer next to him had at least eight inches on Beautyman, which gave him the option of either craning his neck to see him or—Beautyman’s preferred option in these situations—looking pensive and thoughtful. He put on his best grave and serious face. “Routine police work is always bound to turn something up eventually. Does he match the description?”
“He looks like the guy on TV,” the officer said, shrugging a bit.
“Well, that’s a good start then,” Beautyman said, meeting his eye solidly this time. Calls to Watchdog had increased substantially once the show started staging reenactments of the Babylon murders. In Beautyman’s opinion, it just got them more suspects who looked like the actor on the show, not the killer. But he held his tongue in front of the young officer.
“Can I get a bottle of water for myself before I go in?” The officer ran to get one and Beautyman turned to Sam Reynolds, a Santa Monica detective Beautyman had met a few times before. “Is there a file?”
There was. Beautyman glanced through it. It contained the transcript of the call to Watchdog and the report of the officer who apprehended the suspect in the parking lot. “Is this guy even likely to be our Babylon killer, Sam?” Beautyman asked, not looking up from the file.
“About as likely as my chances were of getting laid by Farrah Fawcett in high school.”
“Swell.”
“I think you’ll have to chalk this up as another bad reason to get out of bed at 3 am.”
“I didn’t need another.” Beautyman put the file down on the desk. “By the way, your man at the desk … has he had his training yet?”
Reynolds shook his head. “The Chief didn’t want to spend the money for something as stupid as media training, but I’ll bet tonight’s going to change his mind.”
Most of the L.A. area police and sheriff departments were mandating media training classes. In a surprisingly insightful move, the lowest ranking officers were enrolled first as they were the most likely candidates for Watchdog to target for gotcha-style interviews.
The young officer returned with a plastic bottle of water that felt like it had been stored on top of a radiator.
“Was that your arrest report, Officer?” Beautyman asked, unscrewing the bottle despite its warmth.
“Yes, sir.”
“And he didn’t try to run at all? No sign of attempting to flee.”
“No sir. He was about the easiest collar I’ve ever had. Just said you’d get a laugh out of it when you got here.”
Beautyman looked up from the report sharply. “He knew me? Did he say my name?”
“He called you Beautyman, except he pronounced it Beauty Man, like you were a superhero or something.”
Beautyman put the water back on the desk. “That should have been in the fucking report, Officer. Fuck! Sam, open that door for me.”
Reynolds went across the room with Beautyman on his heels and typed in a code on a keypad next to the Interrogation Room door. Beautyman threw the door open and saw the suspect kicked back in his chair, legs up on the desk, arms behind his head, grinning like a devil at Beautyman.
“Evening, Arthur. Or is it morning already?”
Beautyman turned and whistled to the young officer behind him. “You! Officer! You see this man?”
“Yes, sir,” the young man said. He dwarfed Beautyman, but you wouldn’t know it now; Beautyman’s wrath had him cowering.
“If you’re going to watch a shit program like Watchdog, then make sure that you watch it more closely,” Beautyman spat. “This guy looks like the guy in the reenactments because he is the guy. You arrested the fucking actor.”

Chapter 2
On his way out of the station, Beautyman extended his hand to the young officer he had cursed at earlier. “I had no right to swear at you earlier this evening. I apologize for my language and my tone. You certainly didn’t deserve it.”
The officer nodded and mumbled dumbly. He was obviously embarrassed by such frank talk combined with physical contact—even a handshake can feel bizarrely intimate if timed well. Which, of course, was part of the reason Beautyman had extended his hand and patted his elbow. It was true that he felt bad for reprimanding the officer in front of the suspect he had just arrested, but that wasn’t why he said what he did. Experience had taught Beautyman that a little embarrassment caused by an honest apology would be helpful to him if he never needed anything from the young man.
It certainly wouldn’t work for most people in law enforcement, whose personalities seemed fundamentally different from Beautyman’s, but his demeanor was in many ways successful precisely because it was so different from his colleagues’.
“Are you going to buy me breakfast for my troubles, Arthur?” Gregory Raphael asked as he got into the passenger seat of Beautyman’s car. Raphael, even after an arrest and a couple hours waiting at the police station, still managed to look like a movie star. As far as Beautyman knew, Raphael was still a long way from the red carpet appearances, but he was incredibly handsome, a radiant golden boy, which meant he was probably going to be parading on the red carpet eventually.
“I’m just ferrying you back to your car, Mr. Raphael. I don’t want it getting round to Watchdog that we arrested one of their employees.”
“Was I actually arrested? That’s kind of exciting.”
“Sorry. Temporarily detained.” Beautyman pulled his car around and faced the street. “Which way to your car?”
“Venice, parked in front of my house. I was walking home along the beach when they nabbed me in that parking lot.”
Beautyman turned right and started heading south along the dark coast. “If I may be so bold, why didn’t you just tell the officer who you were?”
“It’s silly, but I wanted the experience … for my work. To see what it would feel like to be tossed in the slammer. I thought there might be some material there.”
“And was there?”
“Not really. It wasn’t all that scary because I knew I’d be seeing your face soon and that it would get cleared up.”
Beautyman didn’t say anything. He was wondering how much more sleep he would have gotten if he hadn’t been called out because an actor wanted the cheap thrill of a prison visit. Probably not much, unfortunately.
“Besides, the cop wasn’t going to listen to me. This whole city is wound tight because of the murders. You know that when that kid got word of the tip, he saw the same headlines all of you do. Hero Cop Saves City. Or Hero Cop Guns Down Babylon Killer. He had an itchy trigger finger in the parking lot. He was scared and there was no reason for me to test him.”
That assessment of the state of affairs, Beautyman thought, was pretty accurate. The city was on edge and the cops wanted to be heroes, if only to shove it in the faces of Watchdog.
 They drove in silence until Beautyman reached Venice when Raphael started giving directions. They pulled up in front of his home just as the sky was discovering dawn. “Here you go, Mr. Raphael.” His passenger got out of the car. Behind him, Beautyman saw a slim woman emerge from the front door of the small two-story house. She was crossing her arms and looking like she’d had as little sleep as Beautyman. He couldn’t help noticing her figure and her light blonde hair. The Golden Boy had a Golden Wife. Figured. Los Angeles was a terrible place to be average.
Raphael shrugged his shoulders at his wife, as if he were going to explain everything to her soon, before bending down and looked through the open car door. The Pacific was warming to dawn and the morning light was just starting to shine on Raphael. It looked like he was backlit, Beautyman thought. Like wherever he went he was always in his own damn movie.
“You have permission to call me Greg, you know,” Raphael said, flashing his perfect teeth at Beautyman.
“Unless you join the force, you’ll always be Mr. Raphael to me. Just how I think of people, I guess,” Beautyman answered.
“I understand that. But I figured since we were colleagues now you might be willing to relax a bit.”
“Colleagues?” Beautyman echoed, even though he knew what Raphael meant. He was just pissed the actor knew already.
“Well we’re all going after the same guy, right? And now we’re on the same team. Sandy told me you were coming on board tomorrow to start filming.”
Sandy Ewson, the scumbag producer of Watchdog. Beautyman wasn’t sure his avowed humility should extend as far as a man like Sandy Ewson. Beautyman was pretty sure he was a better man than Sandy Ewson would ever be.
“I guess it’s an interview tomorrow morning. And then at some point they’ll call me in for a day of shooting the reenactments.”
“I’m looking forward to working with you. We’ll make a great onscreen duo! I’m Anthony Hopkins and you’re Jodie Foster!” Raphael laughed.
Beautyman didn’t know what to say to that. He put the car into drive and indicated the woman at the door. “Please pass my apologies along to your wife.”
“I will. And study up as best as you can before your interview, Detective Beautyman. They’re going to try to nail your ass to the back wall for the Babylon investigation. Good luck.”

Chapter 3
Beautyman took Raphael’s advice to heart. He left Venice and went straight to the station. By the time Watt stopped by his office, he’d been hunched over the files for two hours.
“Anything last night?” Watt asked, leaning his long body through the doorway while leaving his feet firmly on the other side of it. Not willing to commit if the news was bad, Beautyman guessed.
“They arrested the actor. The guy who plays the Babylon killer on Watchdog.”
“Christ, that’s an embarrassment.”
“Bad luck,” Beautyman said. “You know how it will play. Like a late night comedy sketch. Hollywood cops can’t catch killers, but we can find the actors who play them … It’ll makes a good joke for Leno.” Beautyman tapped his pen on the edge of the desk and tried to gauge Watt’s response. The young cop had served Beautyman for three years and in that time, Beautyman had only seen him lose his cool once.
Watt just nodded. “What’s next then?”
Beautyman wondered if he heard a note of despair in Watt’s voice. The two of them were permanently on edge; a new victim could be found any day, and with no new leads they were left in the uncomfortable position of just waiting for the next death.
“I’ll need your help for this damned interview tomorrow.”
Watt nodded again. “And for the case?”
“I’m not sure.” Beautyman checked his watch. “Want to join me for the daily briefing?”
Beautyman met daily with a representative from the FBI’s Behavioral Science Unit. They were called “profilers” in the movies. On film, they would look at a crime scene and tell you, “He’s in love with his mother,” or “He wishes he could be a woman” or some other character profile based on some telling detail at the crime scene. On film, these were the guys who would swoop in and claim jurisdiction and take over an investigation from local law enforcement.
But in Beautyman’s experience all they did was sit across a table and pass reports to him. They passed him reams of spiral-bound paper that he stacked in his office. He tried to read as many as he could, but with only so much time in the day, Beautyman usually only got through the first few pages. Reports with titles like Probability of Physical Defect and Known Relations of Victim 5 and Comprehensive List of Internet Based Printing Companies could only be so engaging.
Beautyman often wished the FBI would swoop in and take the case off his hands. Like today, he thought, heading down the hall to the meeting. Unfortunately the Bureau wanted nothing to do with the Babylon case and were much more interested in covering their collective asses by generating reams and reams of reports. Any report Beautyman asked for, he got. But they were in a “supporting role,” and had been since they first showed up to help.

“Good morning, Agent Chow,” he said, shaking the hand of his FBI contact. Beautyman sat down at the round conference table and waited for time to stand still, as it inevitably did whenever he started a conversation with Chow. The man was so cautious about committing to anything that he pieced his sentences together as slowly as if he were hunting and pecking for them on a keyboard.
“The Bureau has some … more information for you today. Most pressing … is the … ”
“Excuse me for interrupting, Agent Chow,” started Beautyman. “I mean no offense by it. But I have some pressing concerns I need to address. After last week’s Watchdog exposé, the Sheriff has decided that since we can’t beat them, we should join them. They’ll be interviewing me for the show tomorrow and later we’ll be shooting those awful reenactments. Sandy Ewson over there wants me to play myself. He says it will add ‘verisimilitude,’ but I think he just wants to screw with me. Sheriff wants me to agree to pretty much anything at this point.
“So I’m supposed to start playing ball with them and hope that gets them off our backs a bit. But I have it from a reliable source that I’m going to be ambushed. Not that I needed a tip, I suppose, to figure that out. I would have to be pretty stupid to go in there and not expect to be blindsided. What I’m mostly worried about is what they’re going to nail me on, and I’ve got a hunch they know something they haven’t told us yet. Something they won’t spring on me until the interview.”
“And you want to know … if we can … get it out of them,” finished Chow.
 “If possible, yes. But I’ve got—” he checked his watch, “23 hours until I’m on set, and I want to know what they’re sitting on. Did they get a tip? Did a witness come forward? Did we, God forbid, miss something that one of their detectives stumbled across?”
“We’ll see what we can … pull out of them,” Chow said finally. “I can’t promise much … but a records request from the Bureau might … get us an idea of what they’re holding back.”
“Thank you. Preparing for this interview is my top priority. Watt will assist me in a thorough review of every pertinent fact in this case. I don’t want to stumble over a single thing. Please let me know if you learn anything. Regarding your reports, let’s tackle those as soon as I get this behind me.”

Beautyman left the meeting, momentarily elated that he’d cut a traditionally tedious meeting down to just a few minutes. The path back to his office took him by the white-collar crime unit, and Beautyman heard his name shouted as he passed a doorway.
He stopped. Jackie Fleet was smiling at him from behind a stack of papers. He’d noticed her before. How could he not—she was 38, only two years younger than he was, and she was still single. That was enough to get his attention, but she was also pretty cute—as cute as a cop was allowed to be—and she was full of energy. Her blonde hair was almost always tied back in a short ponytail that bobbed when she spoke with excitement, which was often. She might come off as a Valley Girl, but she had shown a brilliance in her investigations that had put some downtown bigwigs behind bars.
“Sorry to bug you, Arthur, I know it’s one of those days for you.” The end of her ponytail bobbed into view and then behind her head again.
“It’s always one of those days. What’s up?”
“I hear you’re a baseball fan, is that right?”
“The biggest.”
She laughed. “I didn’t know there was a competition.”
“You want to talk about the Dodgers?”
“Um … the Pirates, actually.” She checked a piece of paper.
“Really? How come?” Beautyman sat down.
“Does the nickname ‘The Flying Dutchman’ mean anything to you?”
Beautyman felt his neck muscles tense. His morning stretches would be in vain. “Well, there’s the ship obviously. But since you want to talk about the Pirates, I’m guessing you want to talk about Honus Wagner.”
“I’ve been on the track of this hacker who goes by Dutchman. It seemed like such a weird handle, I started researching it. I thought it was a reference to the ghost ship, but I’m starting to wonder if it’s this Wagner guy. What’s up with him? What’s the big deal about some player from a hundred years ago?”
“We still remember Chopin and Monet as great artists long after they died. Wagner’s like that. A great artist, and baseball was his canvas. Maybe one of the best all-around players to ever step onto the diamond, and certainly one of the best shortstops.” Beautyman stopped himself before he went too far.
“Huh. Still seems weird to idolize someone like that.”
“Maybe it’s not that. I mean that’s why I am an admirer, but for some it might be his baseball card, the most expensive card in the world. Someone bought one recently for almost $3 million.”
“For a baseball card! That’s insane.”
“I’m just saying that the baseball card has a certain allure to it. Someone could be obsessed with the card but not care about the player. What kind of case are you looking into?”
Fleet sat back in her chair. “It’s the damnedest thing. A security breach at Maritime Bank of L.A. Something, and we think that something was this Dutchman hacker, triggered their servers to automatically reboot. I don’t know enough to say how he did it, but when he did it, he was the new server admin. He had access to everything. The whole bank was open wide to him. And do you know what he did? Didn’t touch a penny. He just went through the ATM cameras security footage.”
“Seriously?”
“Yeah. Each machine has a camera on it, and it appears he was just scouring the logged footage from three cameras in Hollywood. Tried to patch up the damage but someone at Maritime noticed. Once they figured out what happened they asked us to look into it. I’ve spent the last month working with them to confirm there was no actual theft of dollars. Now we’re just trying to figure out what the point of the whole thing was.”
“How’d you find out it was this Dutchman if he tried to repair the damage?”
“I had help there. We don’t have a cyber crime division, but the tech guy at Maritime Bank figured it out. He—” Just then the phone rang, and Fleet cut herself off. “Excuse me for a moment, Arthur.”
Beautyman waited for her to get off the phone. By the time she was off, he had decided he couldn’t keep asking her about her investigation without looking too eager.
“So it sounds like you could use a baseball primer,” he said, smiling.
“You think it would help?”
“I’ve got season tickets to the Dodgers, and they’re playing tonight. Babylon’s been taking over my life. This might be just the excuse I need to get to the ballpark.”
Fleet cocked her head to the side and appraised him, as if for the first time. If she agreed, it wasn’t going to be because of his looks, Beautyman thought.
“What time does the game start?”
“7:05. My day’s going to be devoted to getting ready for this interview tomorrow, so if you’re up for just leaving from the station, that would be best for me.”

Beautyman tried to put Fleet and her search for the Dutchman out of his mind. This was a complication he didn’t need. The game was going to seriously eat into his valuable time, but Beautyman didn’t feel like he had a choice. Fleet probably thought he wanted to get into her pants, but really he just wanted to learn more about her investigation.
He sipped his coffee and stared at the map of L.A. in front of him. Red pins represented the locations the Babylon bodies had been found. Blue pins represented the victim’s homes. That meant 14 pins for just the victims. The map was starting to get so crowded with pins, Beautyman was ready to stop using it altogether.
Watt walked in and slumped into a chair.
“What’s Watchdog’s first question, Watt? Do they start with the first victim? The killer? Our arrest of their lead actor?”
“They start at the beginning. Victim number one.”
“Ok, Rachel Madison is as good a place as any to start. Let’s go through it again.”

Rachel Madison was found a full 14 months ago. She was discovered on a Malibu beach, spread like a snow angel into the wet sand. Found nude, it didn’t take much to realize her entire body had been shaved. Worse yet, her bone white skin and the small puncture wounds in her wrists led to wild headlines about a Malibu Vampire stalking the beaches.
The coroner reported her blood had indeed been drained, but it hadn’t been sucked. She had been knocked out and then the blood had been drained from her through a crude IV inserted into each wrist.
And that’s what had killed her. She’d bled to death. She’d been drugged and while she was under, her killer had bled her dry. She wouldn’t even have wakened up.
With no grisly murder for the press to write about, the Malibu Vampire story faded away. A few were able to keep the vampirism stories going by speculating about what the killer had done with all the blood he’d taken from her. But without tell-tale fang marks on her neck, there wasn’t much to that angle anymore.
The Los Angeles County Sheriff Department never found a lead or identified a suspect, either, which meant that the remaining stories were about the bumbling police and no longer focused on the 23-year-old victim.
A graduate of Scripps College and a social worker who counseled victims of domestic violence, it was hard to imagine why such a senseless crime happened to such a caring person. She left her small apartment each weekend so that she could go to church with her parents at their family parish. Her boyfriend, who by all accounts was just as morally upstanding as she was, told the Channel 7 nightly news that she was waiting to get married before having sex. Her virginity was—tastelessly, Beautyman thought—confirmed by the coroner. So why kill Rachel Madison? And why take her blood and her hair?
Two months after Rachel Madison was found on the beach, the Los Angeles police found Miguel de la Iglesia naked, shaved, and drained of blood in a small L.A. apartment. This time, the body was accompanied by a small card, left on the end table by the couch, his final resting place. In small black lettering, centered on the thick white card stock was written:

I am drunk with the blood of saints
and I drink the blood of these martyrs of Jesus

It was the size of a calling card. The pure white card stock and the dark black Helvetica typeface that carried this awful message chilled Beautyman to the core.

No one doubted that they were looking for a serial killer. But like so many serial killers, this one wasn’t respecting jurisdiction. Rachel Madison was found in Malibu, the L.A. County Sheriff’s turf; Miguel de la Iglesia in Los Angeles proper, covered by the LAPD.
Within hours of finding the body, the FBI was making calls across the region and let it be known that any sign of bureaucratic squabbling was going to be met with severe consequences. The many departments were going to work as one on this case, with the full weight of the FBI behind the new coalition.
But they needed a leader. And as the first victim fell under the jurisdiction of the L.A. County Sheriff, they were anointed as primary investigators. With every law enforcement agency between San Diego and Reno pledging fealty, the Sheriff knew that he would be sharing any successes but none of the failures. If there were any single reason Barry Upright had been elected Sheriff three terms running—besides his laughably electable name—it was because he had scrupulously avoided these kinds of situations.
With no good options, Upright assigned Beautyman to take charge of the manhunt and gave him a deadline. “If this piece-of-shit vampire bloodsucker isn’t caught in two weeks, I’m going to tie you to a stake at the next full moon so he can come out and take your blood.”
“I believe you’re thinking of werewolves, sir,” Beautyman said.
“I don’t care if he’s the creature from the Black Lagoon. You’ve got two weeks.”
But that was twelve months and five victims ago.
Sometimes Beautyman caught himself hoping the Babylon killer would strike out of state. It was the most likely scenario to get the FBI to take over the investigation and give him a chance to rest. But the killer had stayed strictly local. All seven victims had been found in the L.A. area. Until he started draining the blood of victims in Las Vegas or Phoenix—or until Upright needed to shake things up to keep voters pacified—Beautyman was going to be stuck with the case.

After the body of Miguel de la Iglesia was discovered, it was as if the entire L.A. press corps had found a crusade worthy of their vast resources. Once his name was released, the papers ran endless feature stories about de la Iglesia’s good works, and there were many. A married but infertile man, he and his wife had adopted three daughters from China. During the five years of adoption proceedings, de la Iglesia found he had a knack for Mandarin Chinese. He went to night school to learn it so he could teach it to his daughters and bring them up tri-lingual, English, Chinese, and his native Spanish. Learning Chinese made his law degree that much more lucrative, but rather than join the corporate ranks of a multinational—and many had been calling him—de la Iglesia left his private practice and joined up with Amnesty International’s legal department.
And now he was dead. He looked at the small calling card again, secured in its plastic evidence bag.
The first report he’d requested from the FBI was an analysis of the inscription and its likely meaning.
It should not have surprised him that the card referenced a verse from the Bible, specifically the Book of Revelation. Revelation 17:6 described a vision of the Whore of Babylon, an allegorical figure of supreme evil and the Antichrist. The verse reads, “And I saw the woman drunken with the blood of the saints, and with the blood of the martyrs of Jesus: and when I saw her, I wondered with great admiration.”
But did that mean anything? All crazy people seemed found a passage in the Bible to justify their twisted belief system, Beautyman figured. And turning to the Book of Revelation was an easy place to start.
The FBI apparently agreed with him. The symbolism of the Whore of Babylon had meant different things to different groups throughout the centuries. She represented pagan Rome, Christian Rome, Jerusalem, the Catholic Church, the Catholic Church after Vatican II, the secular world, American hegemony, capitalism … that list went on and on. And she could mean something entirely different to their killer.
What everyone seemed to agree on, though, was that the Whore of Babylon was evil. And this was where the FBI report turned ugly. The Behavioral Analysis Unit had encountered plenty of people over the years who cited the Bible to explain their crimes. But those people generally saw themselves as cleansing the world and trying to make it pure. This killer identified himself with the Whore of Babylon. He could apparently recognize the supreme evil of the allegory and embraced it fully. He wanted to be the Whore of Babylon. He was most likely drinking the blood of his victims, in a horrible mimicry of the Whore of Babylon.
And there you have it, thought Beautyman. The man was killing martyrs of Jesus and drinking their blood. But he hadn’t targeted people who were Christian, or even religious. Rachel Madison was part of a deeply religious family, but the wife of Miguel de la Iglesia reported that he hadn’t been to church on any days other than Christmas and Easter. The man was a saint killer, but apparently there was no religious litmus test. He measured his saints by good works, it seemed. And if by that qualification Madison and de la Iglesia weren’t modern day saints, then no one was.

Two months after Miguel de la Iglesia died, a third victim was found. The same card was found by her naked, shaved, bloodless body. This time the victim was found in an alley in Long Beach, farther from the first two than they had expected. Beautyman was sick to his stomach. Chandra Pal was a kindergarten teacher who was first violin in the Long Beach Symphony Orchestra. The daughter of two immigrants from India, Pal also gave thousands every year to non-profit micro-lending organizations that helped women in India and Africa start their own businesses.
It was after her that the name for the Babylon killer became popularized. Two victims made a line, and three was most definitely a trend. Jay Leno didn’t touch it, of course, but Bill Maher looked at his HBO audience and said, “So there’s a serial killer going around L.A. killing saints—incredible people it would be an honor to meet. He’s killed three so far … which I figure means he’s probably just about finished.”

Two months later, Chandra Pal begat Mary Weber, who had been a nurse in a free clinic for more than 30 years in Anaheim. Mary Weber begat Tim Cathersole, back from two stints in the Peace Corp and staying with his family in Pomona. Tim Cathersole begat Jasmine Davis, a beloved youth group leader who pulled kids off the streets of the worst neighborhoods of L.A. And Jasmine Davis begat Julia Lopez, a high school student who fed the homeless on weekends in Hollywood.
 It was hard not to notice that victims were getting less-saint like. Certainly they all sounded like good people, but saints? Beautyman privately wondered if Maher was right; perhaps the killer had run out of people in that category. That didn’t stop the media from holding the victims up on a pedestal, though. They became saints. And that was the scariest part. If any act of kindness or selflessness made you a saint, and being a saint made you a target, how would people react?
While L.A. panicked, for Beautyman it was starting to become almost routine. Victims’ lives would be investigated and overturned. Their last week would be nailed down to the minute, if possible. The hundreds of people who might have been in contact with them were interviewed and sometimes brought in for further questioning.
And the FBI would tell Beautyman that the killer would be getting more confident and begin to kill more quickly. But so far it hadn’t happened. It wasn’t like they were timed to the day. Once there were seven weeks between victims. Once there were nine. But they were not getting more frequent, the killer continued to wait roughly two months between his crimes.
And Julia Lopez had been found in her car in Hollywood just seven weeks ago.

Beautyman tried to focus on what leads they had. He wished there were more. He remembered something about Edison, who after each failed attempt at a light bulb would chalk it up as a success: he now knew yet another way not to build a light bulb. Beautyman didn’t think he could keep such a positive outlook indefinitely, but he did feel like his investigation had been successful at ruling out the leads that took them nowhere.
So where did that leave them?
Practically speaking, the Babylon killer did not appear to have any bizarre fetishes that would make him easier to track. If he had had a penchant for killing his victims with Ming Dynasty vases, finding him would be much easier: just guard all known Ming Dynasty vases until he showed up. But he used no weapon, short of the needle and catheter to draw the blood.
Almost assuredly the victims did not just lie there and let him go about the business of slowly killing them, though. And as they didn’t have marks on their bodies—wait, was that why they were shaved? To prove they hadn’t been touched? Beautyman made a note to look into the idea after his Watchdog interview. The toxicology reports showed they’d been drugged with Propofol, a quick acting anesthetic delivered intravenously.
Not that even that was easy to figure out, Beautyman remembered. The same puncture mark used to deliver the drug was reused for draining the blood. That had thrown them for a few days.
The drug was not readily accessible to the public and Beautyman poured considerable time and resources into understanding and tracking its distribution and availability. It was used for adults and children over three, as well as being a preferred anesthetic for pets. But in a metropolitan region of 12 million people, not more than 100,000 people would have easy access to the drug. Doctors, nurses, and veterinarians in all of Southern California were asked to report any vials or pre-loaded syringes of Propofol gone missing.
The next major lead Beautyman had was the man seen with Chandra Pal just hours before her death. After each murder, dozens of uniformed officers spent days conducting extensive canvassing. Every lead they turned up was eventually explained, every “strange man” or “tall fella” was identified later by a friend or a relative—“That’s right, she told me she was going to meet her boyfriend after work!” Hundreds of hours went into each of these leads. And all were eventually explained. All except the man who visited Chandra Pal’s classroom.
Two witnesses saw him with her. As Beautyman’s luck would have it, one of those witnesses was a kindergarten student of “Ms. Pal,” and the other was his older sister—older, in this case, meaning third grade.
After the students had been dismissed on Ms. Pal’s final day of teaching, one boy discovered he had left his backpack at the school. His mother turned the car around and sent him back into the classroom to get it, accompanied by his older sister. They both saw a stranger with Chandra Pal.

Less than 48 hours after her body was found, Beautyman sat down with the youngest child first. He chose as his interrogation room Pal’s kindergarten classroom, the child’s mother and father sitting together to the side.
“I’m Arthur. What’s your name?”
“Gavin.”
“Gavin, your parents are right here, ok? They’re going to listen to what we talk about. And what’s important, is that you think of me like you think of them. If I ask you a question that you don’t know the answer to, the right thing to do is to tell me you don’t know and not to make something up. So if I ask you what 25 plus 48 minus 3 is, what are you going to tell me?”
Gavin eyed Beautyman like he was still trying to figure out what his angle was. “I don’t know?” It was definitely a question.
“That’s right. But if you do know the answer, you’ll tell me that too, right?”
Gavin nodded.
“Three days ago you left your backpack in the room and your mom turned around and let you out of the car, is that right so far?”
Gavin nodded again.
“But she made your older sister walk you in?”
Gavin’s face seemed to wrinkle a bit at the mention of his sister, or perhaps at the mention that he had to be escorted, but he still nodded.
“Tell me, which door did you come in from?” Beautyman indicated the exterior door and the door that opened in to the school’s hallways.
Gavin pointed toward the door into the hallway. It was a wooden door with a narrow window at the top above Gavin’s head. “That one.”
“Did you open the door when you came back in or was it already open?”
This was the first question that seemed to puzzle Gavin and he thought about it severely. Finally he pronounced, “Melissa opened it.”
“Your sister opened the door? You’re sure?”
He nodded. “She was in front of me.”
“So Melissa opened the door, and did you see Ms. Pal?”
“Yes.”
“Where was she in the room?”
Gavin pointed to her desk.
“And she was in her chair there? Or was she standing?”
“Sitting, but … but on the desk.”
Beautyman’s surprise must have shown through, because Gavin nodded his head vigorously. “Really! She was sitting on the desk.”
Beautyman smiled and nodded. “Good. You’re doing great, Gavin.” Privately he was assessing the likelihood of a kindergarten teacher sitting on a desk with a stranger. It didn’t seem high. “Now, was she alone in the room?”
“No, there was a man too!” Gavin seemed to be warming to the game as he was becoming more animated. Which meant he might be more inclined to stretch a truth, possibly even unknowingly, to keep the fun going. Beautyman paused and looked at Gavin’s parents, whose faces were showing him a curious mixture of sympathy and disgust.
“Was the man a professional football player?” He asked.
Gavin’s face crinkled as he tried to figure that one out. “No,” he finally said, a little confused.
“So he didn’t have on a football uniform?”
“No … ”
“Are you sure?”
“Yes,” Gavin said, although he actually sounded less sure of that answer than any before it. Apparently the game wasn’t as fun for him when Beautyman wasn’t asking easy questions.
Beautyman took pity, but he had stopped a potentially dangerous precedent from forming. “Show me where the man was.”
Gavin got up from the small desk and indicated a counter running along under the windows. “He was leaning against here.”
“Against the counter?”
Gavin nodded.
“Did he see you?”
“He smiled at me and said hi to Melissa.”
“What did Ms. Pal seem like? Was she angry with the man? Or happy to see him? Or scared?”
Gavin shrugged. “I don’t know.”
“That’s a good answer. Did Ms. Pal touch him like a hug or a kiss?”
Gavin shook his head.
“Did you hear Ms. Pal laugh when you were in the classroom?”
Gavin thought about it. “Yes. When I told her I left my bag she laughed and said I did that every week.”
“Did she introduce you?”
“She said he might have a son coming to kindergarten and I would have to show him around.”
“Did she call him a name like Mr. Smith or Mr. Pal?”
Gavin shook his head again. Beautyman finished up with as good of an approximation as he could get of what the man looked like: white and with hair somewhere between blond and brown.
Gavin’s sister Melissa fleshed out the description a bit more when he met with her.
“He wasn’t that big, but he looked really strong, like he worked out a lot. He had a red tie on, and it looked like he had come right from work. He smiled at me and I thought he was really—,” she shot a glance at her parents and then looked back at Beautyman meekly, “really hot. He looked like a Ken doll or Brad Pitt or something. It seemed like Ms. Pal liked having him around.”
At the time, Beautyman felt like things were moving along. Unlike the disjointed efforts after the first two victims, he had led the investigation with an efficiency and comprehensiveness that had produced the first witnesses in the case. To find them, officers had interviewed more than 400 people—her family, friends, co-workers, parents, and students; residents and business owners in her neighborhood; and residents and business owners near the alley she was found in.
After the interview, Melissa helped create a sketch for the police of a man that, by the time it was completed, did look something like a cross between Brad Pitt and a Ken doll. That sketch was taken to every person they had interviewed in the deaths of Rachel Madison, Miguel de la Iglesia, and Chandra Pal. No one had seen any of the victims with a man who looked like that. After that, Beautyman released the sketch to the press and to Watchdog. At which point some of the most handsome men in Los Angeles suddenly found that life wasn’t so great when tipsters would call in their rakishly good looks. Beautyman heard that a lot of them were starting to grow beards. Would the killer too, he wondered?
Meanwhile, Beautyman had a team that was going over the life history of Rachel Madison with a fine tooth comb. By the time Chandra Pal was killed, four months had passed since the Malibu Vampire victim was found dead on the beach. As the first victim, the collective wisdom of the FBI, Beautyman, and the L.A. County Sheriff was that the killer must have had some personal tie to her. As a rule, serial killers didn’t start with complete strangers. There must be something to tie the Babylon killer to her.
All in all, Beautyman felt like the investigation had been as successful as it could be, given the circumstances, and he expected he would be able to turn up a strong suspect soon.
Granted, each new clue was akin to grasping at straws at this early stage. These were slim leads he was looking at, but Beautyman knew from experience that this kind of investigation was a game of progressively narrowing suspects. He thought of L.A. County like a giant Venn diagram, circles layered over circles. As each known fact was confirmed, the number of people in the population that could be the perpetrator dropped substantially. So 100,000 people in the area had access to Propofol. Of them, half were male. Of them, no more than 40,000 would have the physical strength required to move the limp, drugged body of an adult male like Miguel de la Iglesia. Of them, no more than 20,000 would even come close to being described as “incredibly handsome.” Of them, no more than 5,000 could be within two degrees of separation from Rachel Madison. Keep winnowing, and eventually you’d have just a handful of people that might fit the bill.
That was a slightly comforting thought after Chandra Pal’s body was found. But after her, the remaining four victims had nothing very conclusive to add to the list of leads.
Mary Weber’s death in Anaheim gave few hints that might be of help, although nearly every patient she had seen in the free clinic had been identified and located. Tim Cathersole, the Peace Corp volunteer who had spent most of his time in Guam and the South Pacific only to return home to be murdered, proved that the Babylon killer was willing to kill both men and women—previous FBI behavioral reports had suggested that Miguel de la Iglesia might have been an outlier and that the rest of the victims would be women.
By the time Jasmine Davis was killed, Beautyman wasn’t sure that they really were getting any new facts. The most he could say he had learned was that the killer was still using Propofol. Given the dosage needed to knock out a victim, Beautyman was starting to count on him needing to restock his supplies and hoped that a lead might come from a doctor or a vet reporting a missing supply. None did, which indicated that either the killer had stashed away a substantial supply of the drug before starting or that he still had easy access to it and was a doctor or vet himself.
Things were starting to reach a boiling point in the general public. Politically it was going to be hard for Beautyman to keep his job if he didn’t act soon. Before the Sheriff—or the press—started calling for his head, Beautyman publicly asked for an independent and out of state auditor to review the investigation from top to bottom and identify any major weaknesses or flaws. If there were any places where they had screwed up by accidentally destroying a piece of evidence or some other stupid mistake, Beautyman would step down from the investigation. Some newspaper opinion pages thought it was a gracious way for Beautyman to leave without getting fired. But three weeks later, the auditor’s report was clear. No bureaucratic bickering, no stones left unturned, no reports that were languishing on the sidelines. It didn’t come right out and say, “The killer’s just that good,” but that was the truth of it.
The auditor’s report probably helped Beautyman keep his job a little while longer. The public anger was pervasive when, two weeks after the audit went public, the body of teenager Julia Lopez was discovered on the grounds of her high school. Had it not been for being publicly cleared of any oafishness or incompetence just before, Beautyman likely would have been made a scapegoat. Dead teenage saints did not sit well.
Maybe he deserved to be sacked, he thought, when he saw the naked and shaved body of Julia Lopez. The audit request had been a tactic. He knew what kind of an investigation he had run, but he had played his hand the only way he knew how—as the humble flatfoot aching to make sure he was doing the right thing. It had played well in the press—everywhere but on Watchdog—mostly because it had flummoxed everyone. But it had bought him some time, and he intended to use it.
Beautyman was at Julia Lopez’s high school within 25 minutes of the call. She was just like the other six victims, except for bright red rashes between her wrist and shoulder. It was a minor side effect that was apparently not uncommon with large doses of Propofol. Had she been in a hospital it would have been easily treated, but it was now here to stay. Against the drained, bleached look the rest of her skin had, the inflamed capillaries of her arms looked grotesquely clownish.
Maybe it was the ugly rash that did it, or maybe it was just looking at the body of a young girl so eager to change the world that she would volunteer at soup kitchens, but Beautyman broke down. He left the scene crying, and was caught by a photographer from the L.A. Times wiping his eyes, the bright yellow police tape and name of the high school in the background. It ran on the front page the next morning and the accompanying article painted him as a soft-spoken but hard-nosed detective physically pained by the death.
He was unprepared for the sympathy he received from the press and public that week. Again, the public anger had mellowed enough that the Sheriff didn’t need to pull him to appease the masses, and Beautyman kept working.

And now, he thought, seven weeks after Julia Lopez, I’m no closer. Watchdog has something they’re going to try to nail me with tomorrow, and if it’s bad enough, someone else will be leading this investigation.
Was that so terrible? The case had taken more than 12 months of his life. Maybe it was time to let it go. If he truly had missed something major, something that could have saved Julia’s life, then maybe someone else should be in charge.
But that didn’t mean he was ready to stop working entirely. Being taken off the case was one thing. Blinding incompetence, however, would mean an early retirement. And making sure he wasn’t going to be caught with his pants down meant finding out what Watchdog was sitting on.
Beautyman checked his watch—6:20 already? Could that be right?—and called Chow’s cell phone as he began to pack up.
Chow detailed the many avenues he had followed up during the day to check into Watchdog and try to access their information. They were definitely stonewalling. “I’m sorry, Detective … they have something … I just don’t know what.”
“Thank you, Agent. We’ve done our homework, it can’t be anything too bad, right?”
Beautyman hung up and started moving quickly. He hated to do it from his office, but he didn’t have much choice. Using his cell phone as an Internet tether, Beautyman opened his personal laptop and composed a quickly worded email to Sandy Ewson. It was going to send him sky-high, he thought.
Hi Sandy,
Just wanted to send some suggested questions for tomorrow’s interview. I thought you’d find #4 to be especially informative to the public.
Thanks for cooperating with us on this!
Sincerely,
Arthur
He attached a Microsoft Word document with some questions, waited for it to load, and pressed send. Please don’t open this on your phone, Beautyman prayed. He shut down his machine and went to find Fleet.
He had too much to do to go to a baseball game, but he had resigned himself to sacrificing yet another night of sleep. The investigation was going to be taken well outside the realm of the law tonight. There was no way he would allow Watchdog to ambush him.

Chapter 4
The game had been a real treat. But that wasn’t too surprising. Beautyman loved baseball so much that if he’d owned an Iowa cornfield, he would have been willing to plow under his crop for a baseball diamond.
And Jackie Fleet was good company. She took to the game and ate up Beautyman’s descriptions of strategy. He bought a program and together they kept score. He felt himself warming to her, and even picked up some signs she might reciprocate the attraction. He scrupulously avoided mentioning the Dutchman.
At the end of the game, when another man might have proposed a nightcap, Beautyman took her back to the station to get her car and left her with a quick and friendly kiss on the cheek.
He checked his watch. Almost 11:00. This was going to be a long night.

At home, Beautyman turned on his computer monitor and entered a 24-digit PIN to unlock the machine. He opened his inbox and found a terse reply from Sandy Ewson.
Detective Beautyman,
Go fuck yourself.
And as for question #4, go fuck yourself on that one too.
At least it was to the point. But that was all right, because Sandy Ewson had opened his attachment, and that was all that mattered. Beautyman was in.
It was going to take a few minutes for the backup to be made. It was a good time for a long shower before he started his spelunking.
Under the cascading water, Beautyman almost regretted his spelunking. “Spelunking,” he snorted. It was the euphemism that appealed to him the most. He hated to think of it as everyone else did: plain and simple computer hacking.
Unfortunately, his talent for manipulating computer firewalls was best kept a secret. In his younger more vain days, Beautyman sometimes wished he could show off his talent, but now he was happy keeping a low profile. It felt like a heavy burden. Beautyman had access to truly anything he wanted to find. If there was information out there to be had, Beautyman could likely find it.
Inside the L.A. County Sheriff’s office, he had a reputation as somewhat of a Sherlock Holmes. He would take logical arguments and extend them in directions that no one else would have thought relevant. Amazingly, there always seemed to be a suspect at the end of the line. Of course it was handy to know what direction you were building your logic toward, and that was the advantage Beautyman’s particular skill gave him.
But where to start? What to look for? How to decide what information to seek out? There was only so much he could process and when faced with unlimited—truly unlimited data—it was hard to know where to start. Especially when anything he discovered had to be re-discovered later as part of his legal investigation.
Immediately after he was assigned to the Babylon investigation Beautyman spent every night spelunking. He read medical reviews and financial audits of doctors, nurses, and vets that might have indicated some ethical violations in the past. He traced every shipment of Propofol from the manufacturer and its generic knockoffs that came into California.
He turned up only a couple doctors who had been suspected in the mysterious death of a patient, but none of them led anywhere. The groceries betrayed no odd purchases. The Propofol shipments didn’t tell him much he didn’t already know because they went to the same doctors and vets he’d already been looking into.
Some of this he could have found through official channels, but it would have taken days instead of hours. But much of it was data that would have otherwise been unavailable to a detective. That made it valuable to him, but it was not a silver bullet by any means. Finding information by spelunking online was as time consuming and laborious as legal sleuthing. The hours of regimented and systematic search would eventually pay off, but it meant many late nights until it did.
On a whim he had targeted a Maritime Bank’s security center, and found that he could see the last 48 hours of footage from each of their ATM security cameras in the L.A. area. After the death of Julia in Hollywood he checked their cameras but came away empty. He couldn’t believe that he had been noticed. He was no master hacker by any means, but he was careful and diligent. That he had been noticed by a low-level technician was bad enough. That the technician tied the work to his handle “Dutchman” was galling.
How had it happened? That damned phone call had interrupted Fleet and now he was stuck. He decided that he couldn’t pursue Fleet, but he could pursue the technician. He had wanted desperately to research him more, but the pressing deadline of the Watchdog interview forced him to put that away for the moment. 
But how to find Watchdog’s secret weapon? 

After Raphael’s warning that morning, Beautyman had thought about how to gain access to Watchdog. He’d never had a reason to target them before, but now he was on a deadline. The normal traps, which sometimes took days to snare a target, would be too slow. And Watchdog would have a wealth of data. Even if he had access to all of their servers, it would take way too long to find what he needed.
Instead of asking where to find it, maybe a better question was, “Who would know it?” And the answer to that one was pretty easy, Beautyman realized. Scumbag Watchdog producer Sandy Ewson.
At the office he’d used an old bit of code he’d written years before. The corrupted Word Document would get him access to Ewson’s machine when he opened the file. Most people are savvy enough not to open attachments that trigger warnings on their computer. But if they come from a known source, and appear to be relevant, those precautions usually go out the window.
And in this case, Ewson had acted just like anyone else. Beautyman owned his machine. It took less than 20 minutes to find what Ewson was going to hit him with.
Scanned into an email was a death certificate for one Deidre Patrick. An eighth Babylon victim. After a year of searching, and with untold resources, Beautyman had failed to discover her.
Beautyman stared at it in shock. Suddenly all he could think about was how to phrase the first sentence of his resignation letter. Because he was pretty certain he was going to need it.

Two months before the body of Rachel Madison was left on the Malibu beach, Deidre Patrick was found floating in the marina in Dana Point. Body shaved. Blood drained.
And he’d missed it.
Beautyman sunk low in his chair. It was unfathomable. By missing Deidre, he’d missed the most likely link to the killer. Serial killers usually knew their first victim, and this meant he’d wasted hundreds of thousands of dollars on Rachel Madison that should have been directed toward the family and friends of Deidre Patrick.
Had he directed anyone to look for an earlier victim? He couldn’t quite remember. He wasn’t sure, but he felt like he’d ordered someone to do it, and he seemed to remember being satisfied with the results. Certainly their investigation should have uncovered a murder done with the exact same MO as the Babylon killer.
Which brought another question to Beautyman’s mind. Why didn’t anyone in Dana Point come forward? It’s not like the news of the Babylon killer hadn’t reached them. They were serviced by the Orange County Sheriff, and he’d talked to them many times, including when he traveled into Orange County for the death of Mary Weber. That had been in Anaheim’s jurisdiction but both the Anaheim PD and Orange County Sheriff had cooperated fully. And yet no one had bothered to mention Deidre Patrick?
This failure fell on many shoulders, but Beautyman was confident his would be the only head to roll.

Beautyman considered his options. He could let Watchdog ambush him with Deidre, in which case his career would be over by noon tomorrow. And while he was ready—eager, even—to be reassigned, he wasn’t going to let a scum producer like Sandy Ewson and his awful television show take him down. Which meant he needed to do some form of damage control in the next few hours. But how did he expect to do that?
He might be able to bluff his way through an interview, but dozens of people involved with the case—starting with the Sheriff, Watt, and the FBI—would start to ask how exactly Beautyman had learned about Deidre Patrick.
Wouldn’t it be great if someone just called out of the blue and tipped us off? Beautyman smirked. Then the thought stuck. Well why not?
Beautyman reached for his cell phone and then paused. The number wasn’t blocked, but even if it was that wouldn’t be a guarantee. Instead he opened Skype on his computer. He used the Internet service to call the main line of the Sheriff’s Department and pressed “0” until he got a live voice, a lowly cop on the night shift.
“I’m calling for Detective Beautyman or Sergeant Peter Watt. It’s about the Babylon murders and it’s urgent. I need to reach them tonight.” The protocol for these late night calls put Watt as the main contact when Beautyman was out of the office. He acted as a filter for Beautyman, and would decide whether to call Beautyman in or let him rest. He put in long hours and Beautyman was incredibly grateful for it.
The voice on the other side of the line seemed to tighten. “Who am I speaking with?”
“I’m a friend in Dana Point. That’s all I can say. But I have a name for Detective Beautyman. Deidre Patrick.”
“I’m sorry, who?”
“Deidre. D E I D R E. Last name Patrick. That’s all I can say. But he’s got to find her.”
Beautyman hung up.

Twenty minutes later, Beautyman’s cell phone rang.
“Is this déjà vu or are you really waking me up again in the middle of the night?”
“Sorry, sir. The desk sergeant called me and reported an anonymous call from someone in Dana Point who asked for you specifically. He had a name for you, that’s all he would say.”
“The killer?”
“No, sir. Deidre Patrick. Another victim, it appears.”
“Shit, Watt, it took you that long to tell me! What time was she found?”
“No rush, sir. I thought it was a new victim at first as well. But she’s been dead for more than a year. I asked Orange County Sheriff’s Department to fax her file over and it just arrived on my home machine. My hair stood on end. She was killed in Dana Point two months before Rachel Madison was found in Malibu. Shaved and bloodless. I can hardly believe it myself, sir, but we have ourselves a new first victim.”
“Shit. We’ve got to get down there tonight, Watt. This could break the case wide open.”
“I can meet you there.”
“How much do you want to bet Watchdog found out about her, Watt? I’ll bet all my money that they were going to nail me with this during the interview.”
“You mean they’ve been sitting on this without turning it over?” Watt exclaimed. “Are you fucking kidding me?”
“It’s certainly possible. We’ll find out tomorrow.”
“Then it’s damn lucky we got a tip beforehand. I’ll meet you in Orange County.”
Damn lucky? Beautyman thought. Hardly. As long as it sounds good to you, Watt. That’s all that matters.

Chapter 5
At 8:15 am, Beautyman arrived the studios of Watchdog in Burbank. From his home it would have been a quick trip on surface roads. But he hadn’t been at home, he had spent the night working at the Orange County Sheriff’s office. His trip back took him an hour and a half in traffic.
But he was ready for the interview.
While caught in morning traffic, Beautyman called Sheriff Upright at home and laid out what had happened that night since the anonymous tip. He lied and suggested that he didn’t know for sure that Watchdog was going to bring up Deidre Patrick (it was quite a lie, considering he’d read the questions ahead of time), but if it came up during the interview and the public’s response was explosive, Beautyman was prepared to resign immediately and without protest. He promised that he would meet with the Sheriff as soon as the interview was over.

Fallout from the Deidre Patrick revelation was going to be damaging, but there was no reason to think it would be fatal—yet. What was certain was some forced R&R for him, and after the last 12 months living and breathing Babylon at work and then again at home, Beautyman was not going to fight it.
He showed his badge at the gate of the Burbank studio and found a spot close to the building. At the front desk, Beautyman had to show his badge again and was shown to a soft armchair near a young Latina woman wearing shorts and a tank top.
She was reading a magazine and Beautyman watched her until she felt his gaze and looked up. If she expected him to flinch at being caught staring, she was disappointed.
“Your outfit is … ” Beautyman paused, flustered. “That’s what Julia Lopez was wearing when—”
The woman interrupted him, laughing. “I’m playing her!”
It took Beautyman a long moment to understand.
“I’m sorry, miss, it’s just that I was there …”
She smiled with sympathy and held out her hand. “I’m Emilia, and I’m sorry if I startled you. It must have seemed like she had come back.”
Beautyman shook her hand and introduced himself without answering. She was right. It was hard not to look at the young woman without seeing her as a reincarnated Julia Lopez. “They’re filming already?”
Emilia nodded as she reached for a bottle of water from the small coffee table in front of her. “They would have done it sooner, but they wanted to wait for a day when the kids weren’t at the school. I guess there’s some sort of faculty thing going on, so they’re shooting today. The crew’s already there. Greg and I are heading over there in a couple minutes.”
“What are you filming exactly?”
“We’ve already done the scene where he drugs me up and stuff. But we need to get a few shots of him watching me while I’m with my friends and then dumping my body on the steps of the school.”
It was painful for Beautyman to hear this young woman talk about the murders as if she were Julia Lopez. How nice it would have been if Julia could have retold what happened, he thought. He pushed that aside and asked, “But the body was almost certainly dumped at night.”
Emilia shrugged and smiled. “They’ll make it look like whatever they want, right? Magic of Hollywood and all. I mean, I’m 24 but I’m still playing 17.”
Beautyman couldn’t believe she was as old as 24. “Have you done anything else?”
Emilia nodded enthusiastically and mentioned a few commercials she’d done that Beautyman had never seen. “Doesn’t matter,” she said, screwing the lid back on her water bottle and sitting back in her chair. “Just getting on Watchdog will give me a bump. Lots of actresses my age are already doing small sitcom roles and one hour dramas after getting noticed on this show.”
The thought depressed Beautyman. Did that many people really watch?
She continued, “I’m going to give my headshot to Greg too and see if he can get me a part on the Ron Howard film he’s working on.”
Beautyman did a double take. “Greg Raphael went from Watchdog to a Ron Howard movie with no steps in between?”
Emilia shrugged. “I don’t know about the ‘no steps in between part.’ He’s actually done quite a bit. You should check out his page on IMDb.com.”
Beautyman shook his head in wonder. “Unbelievable,” he muttered. If a part on Watchdog was worth so much … Man, this interview was going to be seen by a lot of people …
At that moment, Gregory Raphael walked in the front door and smiled at Beautyman. “Good to see you again, Arthur!” Raphael called. Beautyman stood and the two men shook hands. “You wouldn’t believe the trouble this man put me through the other day,” Raphael said.
Emilia smiled and the two pecked each other on the cheek. Again, Beautyman had a hard time separating the actors from the roles they were playing. What he saw was a killer kissing his victim. Already slain victim, no less. Beautyman felt a shudder pass through him.
Sandy Ewson came into the lobby from the elevator bay and smiled as broadly as he could at Beautyman. “Detective, how great of you to come! You have no idea how much this means to me, my fellow producers, and the network. We want to work as closely as we can with the police to really do some good, you know?” Ewson leaned in. “And I’ll just chalk up your email last night to nerves. Don’t sweat it.” He winked.
Beautyman was unaccustomed to such greetings. Neither Raphael nor Ewson had really given him a chance to respond, they just kept right on talking. Emilia had separated from Raphael with her hand extended toward Ewson and chest forward. Apparently Sandy Ewson was a man worth impressing.
“It’s an honor, Mr. Ewson,” she said, shaking his hand. He was courteous enough, but moved on to Raphael, stroking the actor with praise. He wished them well on their scene and then extricated himself from the lobby with Beautyman in tow.
“I wish I could stay for the interview, Detective, but I’m off to New York. The network is working with us to create Watchdog: NYC. The show’s been so popular here that they’re dying to try it out in New York. If things go well, we’ll be setting up shows in all the major markets.
“It’s an audacious schedule, but we think we can pull it off. The whole concept of a weekly nationwide show that’s tailored to each market is beyond the scope of any television program to date. It will be the first of its kind and it will take millions for anyone else to try to challenge us.”
“I fear for my colleagues,” Beautyman said, attempting to force some amount of levity into his words.
Ewson was apparently willing to grant it, because he laughed and said, “Nothing personal, Detective. You know we’re all working toward the same thing: catching bad guys.”
Beautyman bit his lip.

Sandy Ewson showed Beautyman into a studio that was easily recognizable from the show—the muted background with the ficus tree behind the guest seat, the Watchdog logo behind the host’s. What surprised him was how small the room was. It looked bigger on TV, like everything else.
Ewson went to a small table against the side wall. “Coffee or water, Detective?”
“Coffee, please.”
Ewson put a cream and sugar in the coffee without asking and delivered it to Beautyman. “If you don’t mind me enquiring, how is the investigation going?”
“Just fine.”
“You can relax a bit, you know.”
“I wasn’t born for public speaking, so you’ll have to forgive me.”
“You don’t have to put on the public face yet, Detective,” Ewson chuckled. “We haven’t started taping.”
“I count at least four microphones in this room. I’m sure somebody’s listening.”
Ewson smiled again, but Beautyman knew he’d hit a nerve. Not that he thought Ewson was actually trying to play Gotcha! with a sound clip taken from loose banter—he had plenty to go on already with Deidre Patrick. But Ewson was clearly trying to loosen him up before the interview. Apparently they were of the opinion that a relaxed, slightly unprepared Beautyman was the perfect target to be an on-the-air embarrassment.
 “I apologize if that seems a little overly cautious, Mr. Ewson. But leaks can mean life and death sometimes.”
Ewson held up his hands and took a step back. “You don’t have to tell me twice. So we’ll stick to small talk then?”
“Perfect,” Beautyman said before taking a gulp of coffee. 
“Late night, eh?”
“And early morning. I had to be on the road and out of Dana Point by six to make sure I made it to the studio in time,” Beautyman said.
Beautyman swore he saw Ewson’s shoulders tense. The producer played it cool, though. “Dana Point? That is a long drive. What takes you out there?”
“I thought we agreed, nothing about the case until the interview,” Beautyman said. He hoped that his face looked like he was trying to make a joke, because it was about the most forced smile he’d ever attempted.
“Indeed,” said Ewson, already distracted. He checked his watch and waited a beat before saying, “Detective, if you would excuse me, I have something I need to attend to. I will try to see you before I leave for New York. Make yourself comfortable, John should be in shortly.” He nodded in the general direction of Beautyman and hurried out of the room.
Beautyman smiled to himself and sat down in what was obviously the host’s chair. He and Watt had discussed whether there might be an easy way to dull the attack he was about to receive. And the easiest way to do it, they thought, was to make sure John Andre, the show’s host, didn’t feel in control. Beautyman had seen him on the warpath and knew that even someone who was entirely in the right was likely to come out of the interview seriously scathed. He had a knack for coupling a bulldog approach with an aura of Rocky Balboa, fighting against a bigger and better adversary. The tone belied the truth of it, that John Andre would seldom start an interview unless he had the upper hand.
Beautyman hoped that he had tipped his hand just enough to keep the characteristic bulldog attack of John Andre at bay. Mentioning Dana Point might have been just enough. He had suggested it was about the Babylon case without getting in to it, and as far as Ewson and Andre were concerned, he might already know all about it. And then where would they be?
Where indeed? Maybe, Mr. Andre, you’ll have to ask me questions without actually knowing the answer in advance. Beautyman grinned and sipped his coffee.

John Andre entered the studio 45 minutes later than Beautyman was supposed to start the interview. His peppered hair gave him an air of authority that Beautyman knew was going to be used against him in just a few minutes. Sandy Ewson was with him.
Beautyman stood and shook hands with Andre, but addressed Ewson, “I thought you would be soaring over the Sierras by now.”
“Not yet, Detective. The plane’s holding on the field for me. I thought it might be nice to sit in on this before I left.”
Beautyman nodded as if this was expected. The studio started filling up with technicians wearing headphones and calling back and forth to each other as they began to tinker with lights and microphones. A woman came up to him and asked him to sit while she applied makeup.
When she stepped away and announced she was finished, his eyes fell on Andre in the chair across from him. He seemed almost reluctant to speak.
Beautyman smiled. For real this time. “Ready when you are, John.”

The crew was quiet, all eyes on him. The lights were hot on his face, and the layer of makeup they’d put on him was beginning to cake. He felt like rubbing at it, but over Andre’s right shoulder a red light had just turned on.
“Detective, this interview is going to air in pieces, and we don’t expect to run it from beginning to end. So we’ll take this casually.”
“Sounds fine.”
“Let’s start with the basics. Name and who you’re with.”
“My name is Arthur Beautyman, and I’ve been with the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department for 17 years. I was made Detective 12 years ago.”
“Tell me about your involvement with the Babylon murders.”
“Last March a young woman was found dead on a Malibu beach. Two months later a middle-age man was found dead in an apartment in downtown Los Angeles. The victims appeared to have been murdered by the same killer. The Sheriff’s Department worked with municipal police forces, neighboring counties, and the Federal Bureau of Investigation to hunt for the perpetrator. The Los Angeles County Sheriff asked me to lead that investigation.”
“So you’ve been leading the investigation into the Babylon murders for, what … 14 months?”
“The body of Rachel Madison was found on the beach 14 months ago. I was asked to lead the investigation 12 months ago.”
“Yes, thank you for the clarification,” Andre said. “But allow me to re-emphasize that point. It’s been 14 months and there is still no killer behind bars.”
“That is correct, but I would like to point out that serial killers are dangerous precisely because they are so hard to catch. Jeffrey Dahmer killed his first victim in 1978 and wasn’t caught until 1991. John Wayne Gacy killed for seven years before he turned himself in. Ted Bundy for at least four, possibly more, before he was caught.”
“Still, Detective, 14 months is a long time.”
“Each and every victim has been a tragedy, Mr. Andre. Let me assure you that we are not taking these murders lightly.”
“Having a serial killer at large can cause unrest in the community, if not outright panic. How do you think we, the greater Los Angeles community, have reacted?”
Beautyman had never heard anyone in L.A. think of themselves as part of a “greater Los Angeles community,” but he let that pass. The question made him wince, and he wondered if it had showed. “I am glad to say that the citizens of Los Angeles and its surrounding cities have responded responsibly and nobly. They may be more aware of their surroundings than before, but I have seen no cases of panic, thankfully.”
Andre was not one to accept a pat line like that. “But have there been other effects the Babylon killer has had on L.A.?”
Beautyman paused, deciding how best to negotiate this upcoming landmine. “Well, I can tell you that my focus has been on the apprehension of the Babylon killer. But I did notice an article in a recent issue of the Los Angeles Times that might get to some of the questions you are asking.”
“What was it about?”
“You’d probably do better to get the authors in here than ask me,” Beautyman said.
“And we will, I assure you. In the meantime, can you summarize what you recollect from that article for me?”
“Well, the authors of it … noted that the Babylon killer’s victims had a single trait in common. They were simply good. That the seven who have been killed have represented what might be the best traits we have—selflessness, charity, mercy, love, sacrifice … The article suggested that L.A. citizens might be afraid that by exhibiting the same … goodness of spirit, that they might be targeted.
“They report that rates of volunteerism have dropped, that people are resigning from non-profit boards, that donations to museums and soup kitchens and churches have decreased dramatically since last year. That we have withdrawn into our homes because we are simply afraid.” Beautyman let it go at that.
“Their story was compelling, Detective. I don’t mind telling you I found it to be an accurate report on the state of affairs here. This killer has made people afraid of expressing their basic humanity.”
“I know that people are scared, and if the article’s findings were correct, then it is that much more important that we catch the killer soon.”
John Andre apparently took this as a concession. He filled out his chest a bit more and leaned forward slightly. “Detective, these last 14 months have been hard on this community, as you yourself have stated. What concerns me, though, is that the Sheriff’s Department may not have made this case the priority it deserves to be.”
“I can assure you this case has been top priority. We have devoted significant resources and manpower toward it.”
“And yet, people can still miss things, as I’m sure you know. Everyone has a blind spot. I mean, no one’s perfect, right?”
Beautyman remained silent. It seemed dangerous to answer either way. Andre waited for a moment and then pressed on. He shifted again in his chair, and Beautyman hoped that it was because he was nervous about how to proceed. Beautyman’s eyes flicked to the side and he saw Sandy Ewson, tense and leaning against the wall.
Yes, they were definitely nervous.
“Detective, I’d like to ask you about Deidre Patrick … Is that a name that is familiar to you?” Andre asked, only meeting Beautyman’s gaze after he’d finished the question.
“It is.”
Andre nodded. “All right … what can you tell me about her?”
“Ms. Patrick died in January of last year in Dana Point.”
“Two months before Rachel Madison then.”
“Yes, that’s correct.”
Andre nodded again. “In what manner did she die?”
“Ms. Patrick died of hypovolemia.” Beautyman stopped there and let Andre keep prodding him.
“I’m sorry, Detective, but could you clarify that term?”
“Loss of blood.”
“I see. And was there anything unusual about the way she was found?”
“All the hair from her body had been shaved.” Before Andre could launch his assault, Beautyman started his. “I understand where you’re going with this, Mr. Andre, but I should note that the death of Deidre Patrick was ruled a suicide by the Orange County Sheriff’s Department.”
“How is that possible?”
I wish I knew the answer to that one, Beautyman thought.
Fortunately, Andre kept going. “She was naked, shaved, and drained of blood. I can’t imagine how it is possible that no one at the Sheriff’s Department bothered to check with neighboring counties and cities to find out if there had been any other victims. It was also almost exactly two months before the first victim, which means she fits the mold perfectly. Detective Beautyman, how did you miss this?”
To Beautyman’s ears, this question sounded distinctly familiar. It was the question Beautyman had seen in Sandy Ewson’s inbox. Fortunately, the facts had changed, if ever so slightly.
“I don’t understand your question,” Beautyman answered as calmly as he could. “I have just described for you the victim and the condition her body was found in. What makes you think we’ve missed anything?”
Andre seemed to be replaying the conversation in his head to figure out how Beautyman had been able to pull out such a sensible sounding answer.
“You just told me it was a suicide.”
“I told you how the Orange County Sheriff’s Department ruled it. That’s not necessarily our own conclusion.”
Andre was off-balance and he tried to take back control. “Detective, just so I’m clear on this, are you investigating the death of Deidre Patrick in connection with the Babylon killings?”
“I am.”
“Then why have you been focusing so heavily on Rachel Madison and her connections, when Deidre Patrick was the first victim? Which begs the question, how long have you even known about Deidre Patrick? A week? Two days? She’s been dead 16 months, Detective. Why have you not informed the public about a possible new victim until today? Are you all incompetent or just too damn secretive?”
“I’m sorry. I can’t discuss those questions as it would interfere with a criminal investigation currently underway.”

That certainly caused an uproar. Both Sandy Ewson and John Andre looked almost giddy, as if this was what they were waiting for. Andre pressed his guest more and more loudly, but Beautyman held his ground, unwilling to add anything else to the interview. It ended quickly.
Beautyman judged that he had done tolerably well. As damage control went, he was on the right foot. He’d held Watchdog off on how badly he’d bungled things when it came to Deidre Patrick, but he had given them something to feast on, judging by the way John Andre managed to storm out of the room simultaneously pissed off and jubilant.
Ewson caught Beautyman before he left the studio, “I thought you were here to be forthcoming with information, Detective. If you were going to stonewall us, then why bother showing up?”
“The Sheriff has asked me to do a scene or two of the reenactments for Watchdog and I would be happy to comply if you will still have me. But going public with some pieces of information would fatally damage our investigation.”
“And your credibility in the process, I suppose. Listen, Detective, I know that Deidre Patrick blindsided you. Whatever you said here, you should have found her months ago, if not a full year. Don’t think I’m going to let you guys off the hook so easily.” Ewson paused as if he was going to say more, but decided to wrap things up instead. “I’m off to New York. Someone will be in touch about the reenactments. I expect you can find your way out.” Apparently I don’t rate as highly now that the interview’s over and done with, thought Beautyman. He went out into the halls and suddenly realized that maybe he did need some help getting out of the building. He took some guesses at a few junctures before getting hopelessly turned around.
He wasn’t sure he could even find the studio again.
“Need some help?” a voice behind him called.
He turned to see Emilia, approaching him from behind. Now in full make up—some sort of powder or cream that they had used to give even her bronze skin a pallid hue—she looked far too much like Julia Lopez.
“Actually, I’m trying to get out of here. Can you get me back to the lobby?”
Emilia smiled and nodded her head toward his right. “C’mon.” He fell into step with her. “How did your interview go?” She asked.
“About as well as could be expected. John Andre started out like he was my best friend but eventually he was just yelling at me.”
 “Sounds about right.”
“And your shoot at the high school?”
“No big deal. Sometimes I find it crazy how much work goes into a shoot that takes just 15 minutes of filming,” she said, turning to smile at him. She stopped. “Well, here we are.”
“Thank you. Do you have any tips for getting off makeup? It’s my first time wearing any,” he confessed.
“Can you borrow some makeup remover from a wife or girlfriend?”
Beautyman shook his head, and allowed himself to wonder if this young woman was actually snooping. “Nope, just me, I’m afraid.”
“Then soap and water’s your best bet. At least you don’t have any latex to get off.” Emilia held up her wrists for Beautyman to examine. He was amazed at the small indentions in each wrist where it appeared that a catheter tube had been inserted. The skin on each arm had been artificially reddened—Julia Lopez’s rash, Beautyman realized, they even got that detail right—and blended with the latex so that everything fit together seamlessly.
“Those are way too lifelike for my taste,” he said. He was holding her left wrist and rotating it. “Your makeup person is downright scary.”
“She’s a makeup artist,” Emilia corrected.
“She certainly is.”
“No,” Emilia laughed. “That’s the job title. Makeup artist.”
Beautyman grinned and suddenly realized he was still holding her wrist. “Excuse me.”
“It’s no problem,” she said, and there was enough of a flutter in her eyelids to know that she was actually flirting. It seemed unlikely; after another sleepless night, he looked liked hell.
“Good to meet you, Detective.” Emilia held her arm out to shake hands and Beautyman reached for it, just as something triggered in his memory. Instead of shaking hands he grabbed her wrist again and looked at it carefully.
“Your arms are red,” he stated.
She looked down and said, “Yeah, it was for her rash or something. I don’t know exactly.”
Beautyman closed his eyes and racked his brain. Had Julia Lopez’s rash ever been disclosed publicly? He would be checking immediately when he got back to his office, but he was fairly sure her allergic reaction to the medication had not been made public. Why would it have been? It was hardly worth mentioning.
Did Ewson have someone inside the department feeding information to Watchdog? Is that how Ewson knew they had been late in discovering Deidre Patrick? Beautyman wasn’t sure a leak was necessary to know that. That they weren’t investigating Deidre Patrick was probably readily apparent. But then, how did Emilia wind up with a rash on her arm?
“I wonder … how did the makeup artist know there was a rash?” Beautyman mused. Like Julia Lopez, Emilia’s rash went from her wrists to her shoulders.
“She didn’t,” Emilia said, pulling her wrist back. “Greg caught the mistake. He made a big fuss about getting it right. Said the studio insisted on absolute accuracy. Martin—the director—didn’t want to waste time on it, but the studio guy agreed with Greg so they fixed it.”
Beautyman smiled half-heartedly and thanked her. He strode out of the lobby, pulling his cell phone out as he walked. He had turned it off for the interview and now he was standing in front of the building waiting for it to turn on again.
He called Watt, whom he trusted implicitly.
“I think we have a leak.”

Chapter 6
Beautyman and Watt were on the road back to Dana Point.
Before meeting Beautyman, Watt had called up the files on Julia Lopez and skimmed through them. With the exception of a note on the autopsy report, which had not been released to the public, there was no indication that her allergic reaction had been recorded anywhere. 
“So who knew?” Beautyman had been angry since he left the studio, which wasn’t like him.
“The parents knew, I think. I suppose one of them could have said something.”
“But why mention it? It doesn’t make sense. I just can’t imagine why they’d have mentioned it to Watchdog.” Beautyman closed his eyes and tried to stretch his neck out while he thought. “Here’s another problem. If you go to all the trouble of finding a source inside the department, that’s one thing. But this is how you use it? To make the scenes as realistic as possible? That’s a stupid reason. And it practically telegraphs back to us that they have an inside source. Plus your writers and actors are now in the know, too, which adds a lot more people who could spill the beans. What if it had been something major, would they still have put it on the show? I just don’t like it. It doesn’t make any sense.”
“Maybe that’s the problem right there,” Watt said, reaching for his coffee cup between the seats. “An allergic reaction isn’t something major. It’s not something anyone would bother keeping quiet about because it’s not a secret. No one’s bothering to protect it, so it just … gets out. It’s not a leak, it’s just second hand information that gets passed along until someone at Watchdog picks it up and files it in a report.”
Beautyman nodded. “That does seem a lot more plausible than a full-on leak. On the other hand, it’s hard to imagine a piece of trivia so mundane coming up in casual conversation either. It would have to be one strange conversation to have that detail passed along. Or someone was being interrogated about every last detail of the Julia Lopez murder, maybe by a Watchdog investigator.”
“Which is not unlikely.”
“Not in the slightest.”
The two sat in silence, thinking.
“How long do you think Watchdog has known about Deidre Patrick?’ Watt asked.
Beautyman shrugged. “The request to sit down for an interview came two weeks ago. I’d bet that they got hold of it the day before that.”
“Two weeks … Christ, that’s a long time for them to get their noses into the case. I know we’ve got the manpower and some information that they can’t get to, but … I’ve never worked against a competitor before.”
“Me either. The body count has always been enough of a ticking clock for me.”
“Do you think … I wonder if it’s possible they know who the killer is,” Watt mumbled.
“Don’t give up just yet. They might have a jump on it, but we’ve been doing this a lot longer, and we’ll keep doing it even after their ratings tank and they’re replaced by the next reality show craze.”

Watt and Beautyman were in Orange County by noon.
Beautyman got out of the air-conditioned car and paused in the bright sunlight to gather his thoughts. He hoped that a frank conversation with the Sheriff himself would clear some things up for him. The night before, the file on the Deidre Patrick story had some major holes in it. A number of easy questions went unanswered in the file. For example, if Deidre Patrick had killed herself, why had she shaved her entire body? That these details were neglected signaled to Beautyman that something was being swept under the rug.

The OC County Sheriff was cordial when he sat down with them in his office. “I understand there’s cause to believe we have one of your Babylon victims in our backyard.”
“Yes, sir,” Beautyman started, “When we found our fourth victim in Anaheim, I was very happy with how well we worked with both the Anaheim PD and your office. I hope it will be the same this time.”
“And I appreciate the courtesy. It’s not every detective who calls ahead anymore. Most just seem to plow into the other fella’s turf without so much as a heads up. I don’t mind telling you that’s about the only reason I was willing to see you today. Normally I like to let the files speak for themselves.”
“Thank you, Sheriff,” Beautyman said. There was no way he missed the Sheriff’s rebuke. The man really didn’t want to talk about Deidre Patrick and was going to stonewall them if he could. So Beautyman chose another place to start that he felt might get him onto common ground with the Sheriff: Watchdog.
“I want to lay it all on the line for you, Sheriff, so you know where I’m coming from. Sandy Ewson at Watchdog—”
“Probably the sorriest excuse for a human being that I’ve ever seen,” the Sheriff spat.
“You give him too much credit to call him human,” Watt volunteered, and the Sheriff laughed.
“Watchdog is trying to nail me for the Babylon case with the usual smear job—incompetence, corruption, you know the drill. A couple weeks ago, one of their investigators stumbled onto Deidre Patrick. I don’t know if it was a tip, a leak, or just dumb luck, but they learned that she had been found shaved and drained of blood floating in the Dana Point marina.
“Rather than turn it over, they decided to try to ambush me with it during an interview this morning.”
“No surprise there,” cut in the Sheriff.
“Exactly. So last night, only a few hours before the interview, our office got an anonymous call from Dana Point alerting us to the existence of Deidre Patrick. Sergeant Watt here and myself came down and your men graciously gave us access to your files. That access allowed me to be better prepared for my interview this morning. I am incredibly thankful because it meant that they didn’t blindside me with the question.
“But when they air the segment, I know they’ll claim that Deidre Patrick is the first victim of the Babylon killer and I want to be prepared. I want to be able to embarrass them with their claim and show them why you ruled Deidre Patrick’s death a suicide and how very wrong they are to suggest it was anything else.” He was emphatic, leaning forward and practically begging the Sheriff to let him help clear up the issue.
The OC County Sheriff squirmed in his seat. “I … it should all be there in the final report. It was a suicide.”
“What I’m concerned about is how it looks to the public. They hear that a woman was shaved and drained of blood, and with the climate around the Babylon case, they’ll practically want to believe there was an earlier victim, especially with Watchdog pushing it down their throats. There’s got to be something we can use to put their fears to rest.”
“Well …”
“If there are any doubts in your mind, sir, perhaps we should consider reopening the investigation,” Beautyman said after a few moments of silence.
The Sheriff studied Beautyman intently. “If we open up a suicide investigation again … how would that look?”
“Well, circumstances have changed a bit, haven’t they? I mean, there was that anonymous tipster …I think people would understand that you’ve received new information that justifies re-opening the case.”
The Sheriff considered that, and then nodded once. “I think that does put a new light on it, yes.”
Beautyman turned to Watt and said, “Would you mind going downstairs and getting everything in the records on Deidre Patrick? We’ll want the files as well as the notes from the investigation. I need to talk to the Sheriff about the details of re-opening the investigation.”

Twenty minutes later, Beautyman met Watt by the front door where Watt was waiting on his cell phone. Watt abruptly ended the call and fell into step behind Beautyman as they left the building. He had gathered everything that was digital onto a thumb drive and had arranged for the rest to be transferred to the L.A. County Sheriff’s Department by the end of the day.
“I’m sorry to do that to you, Watt, but that was the only way I was going to find out what I needed to know.” The two of them walked toward the car.
“What exactly did happen?” Watt asked.
“Her death was embarrassing to people who don’t like to be embarrassed,” Beautyman said and proceeded to describe what he’d gathered from the Sheriff’s hints and oblique references.
When Deidre Patrick died at age 20, she had been dating the son of a Dana Point City Councilman and prominent businessman. The son was a typical horny teenager, and he was smitten by the slightly older and very attractive attendant at the marina where his family moored their yacht. They dated for nearly six months before he started to feel like she was trying to keep him in Dana Point with her. She had no thought of going to college, and he had already been accepted at NYU, where he was going to fulfill his lifelong dream of becoming a filmmaker. He started to get angry with her for trying to get in the way of his dreams and eventually called her white trash, at which point she slapped him across the face and walked out on him.
“Three nights later her body was found in the marina,” Beautyman finished. He and Watt were back in the car again and heading north.
By this point, Watt had a pretty good idea of where the story was going. “So Deidre’s found dead and the most likely killer is the budding filmmaker. He’s got an airtight alibi, though. Or at least, tight enough that nothing the OC Sheriff has will stick to him. Let me guess, he was ‘with his family?’” Watt snorted.
“No, the kid was at Accepted Students Weekend in New York for three days. It really was air-tight. It wasn’t him.”
Watt continued. “So with the obvious killer out of the picture, the Sheriff can’t find any other motive.”
“Exactly,” Beautyman said. “With no killer they’re left with an unsolved homicide. But that’s where the filmmaker’s father comes in. He’s worried that even though his son’s cleared, the gossip would start up if the strange murder of his son’s ex-girlfriend goes unsolved for months and months. So he proposes that maybe Deidre was just … distraught. She’d broken up with the man who was going to pull her out of poverty and decided that life without her filmmaker boyfriend was no life she wanted to be a part of.
“The Sheriff, with no good leads in front of him, eventually goes along with it to get the case out of his hair. And the suicide wasn’t entirely implausible. She was found in the water, so it wouldn’t be unlikely to think that whatever equipment she had used to drain her own blood had washed away. The shaving … well, she’d done it to herself. Who knows why women do things, right? You see where I’m going with this?”
“So all the press ever gets is a young woman whose body is found in the marina who later is determined to have killed herself by cutting her wrists. They never learn she was shaved and that the ‘cutting’ was more like bloodletting,” Watt finished.
“You got it.”
“And the Sheriff didn’t bother to let us know last year because … ”
 Beautyman’s brow tightened. “I can understand everything up until that point. But once the story got out, he was afraid of being charged with a cover-up in an election year. I think this storyline that we’ve crafted about the anonymous tip re-opening the investigation will play all right. But honestly, once we have everything we need from them, Watchdog won’t need to start pointing fingers because I’ll be tempted to do it myself. It was fucking stupid.”
Watt only nodded, his lips pursed. Instead of exiting and going back to the station, he kept driving. Beautyman looked behind him at the missed exit when Watt said, “I wanted to get Deidre Patrick out of the way first; I know you don’t like surprises. A call came in—that’s who I was talking to on the phone when you came down, actually. We have another Babylon victim. Someone just found a priest in Pacific Palisades.”

Chapter 7
Beautyman slouched over against the passenger side window, his eyes closed, as Watt drove them west along the San Bernardino Freeway.
“Couldn’t believe it when I got the call,” Watt said, trying to make small talk to cover up his discomfort with Beautyman’s aggrieved posture. “Father Alan Yeager. It’s funny, this guy’s going around killing saints and I’m still surprised that he’d kill a priest.”
“Listen, these next few days are going to kill us,” Beautyman said. “Watchdog is going to air the interview in two days and they’re going to hype it as much as they can. Which means they’re not going to keep Deidre Patrick secret for much longer now that they’re through with me. I’ll have to talk to the press today and try to preempt them.
“But we’re going to end up with two simultaneous murder investigations and one of them is almost a year and a half old. We’re not going to get much sleep.”
“We didn’t get much the last two nights either.”
Beautyman looked over at Watt and laughed. “Touché, my friend.” He looked out the window and saw that they were exiting to the 405 freeway. If they’d kept going he would have ended up at the Santa Monica Police Station, where he’d been just two nights before to discover Greg Raphael had been arrested. Beautyman stared at the blacktop of the freeway heading toward Santa Monica and the beach and grew quiet again. In the back of his mind somewhere there was a tingle he recognized. Two stray pieces of information were aching to be joined together.
His phone buzzed, interrupting his train of thought. It was Jackie Fleet, calling from her personal cell phone. She’d entered her contact information into his phone the night before during the 7th Inning Stretch. Not wanting to be distracted, Beautyman silenced the call and looked back out the window. 
“C’mon, Watt, step on it. Let’s get to the church.”

Whenever he was at the scene of a crime, Beautyman felt like a changed man. When he walked off the scene of Julia Lopez’s murder and the photographer snapped his picture, he got a reputation in the press as a “brooder.” Like some sort of psychic who would just sit and stare at the body, Beautyman figured. He wasn’t quite sure what else “brooding at the crime scene” would mean.
That emotional moment at a crime scene had been a rare one. What the cameraman didn’t catch was Beautyman walking back onto the scene of the crime five minutes later and giving orders. It didn’t feel like his personality changed dramatically on scene, but he had seen rookie uniformed officers who had been used to the quiet, overly-polite detective get very surprised to encounter a terse and unforgiving crime scene investigator.
To Beautyman, the area inside the yellow tape was a different world, and he acted according to its rules. Outside the tape, mistakes could be corrected. Inside, there were a million ways to screw up. A cop could fail to notice whether a branch had been snapped before or after he had arrived. A cop who used a doorbell could smudge a killer’s fingerprints. Each mistake was costly.
Not to mention that inside the yellow tape, there were a million things for Beautyman to do, and when one of his greatest enemies was time, he was less inclined to slow anything down. Instead he relied on people’s experience with him in real life to give them reason to cut him a little slack if he was short with them on the scene. And it seemed to work, as everyone on the scene with him treated him with great respect. When necessary, even the Sheriff made a helpful gofer.
Today, Beautyman stepped under the tape that ran across the front double doors of St. Anthony’s Catholic Church. The highest-ranking officer on the scene greeted him inside the church and said, “Walter Clark. Tell me what you need and I’ll take care of it.”
“Thank you, Detective,” Beautyman said. “Just take me to the body.”
Beautyman walked through the nave of the church with the detective, their footsteps echoing in the giant space. Watt was outside on Beautyman’s orders to begin arranging uniformed officers to canvas every neighboring business and resident. Eventually they would talk to every parishioner.
The detective led Beautyman up to the altar and then around to the sacristy, a small room tucked away on the side, almost out of sight. Beautyman stepped in gently and looked around. At first glance it seemed to contain only cupboards and a row of coat hooks with robes hung on them. That and Father Alan Yeager, dead, shaved, and naked. He had been placed reverently in a chair, arms on the armrests, feet flat on the ground, chin resting on his chest. The smell of death filled the room enough for Beautyman to know immediately that Fr. Yeager had not been killed within the last 12 hours.
It was, what? Tuesday? Beautyman counted back and confirmed it. Assuming the priest had not been absent to lead his flock on Sunday, it was likely that he was killed last night or the night before. Which might explain why no one had noticed that they hadn’t heard from Father Yeager in a few days—Monday was probably a nice day off if you were a priest.  So their killer had struck Monday during the day or, more likely, late Sunday night, possibly as much as 36 hours ago.
“Has a photographer been in yet?” Beautyman asked.
“The only people who have been in this room so far are the woman that found him, the first officer on the scene, and myself,” Clark answered.
Beautyman nodded. “Good. Let’s get going. Bring the photographer in, then we’ll run the crews through.” The DNA team would look for hair and skin left behind, the fingerprint dusters would powder the room, and the medical examiner would remove the body and perform the autopsy.
Clark exited and left Beautyman alone in the sacristy. Father Yeager couldn’t be more than 33, Beautyman guessed. He was young and handsome with a head of dark hair and a strong jaw. Beautyman could see scars on his body that most of his flock probably didn’t get to see, a small scar on his abdomen, probably from an appendectomy, and another that ran the length of the thigh, which Beautyman guessed was part of a major operation, a broken bone after a skiing accident or a car accident.
Watt poked his head into the room. Behind him was the crime scene photographer, waiting for clearance to enter. Beautyman waved him in.
“Canvassing underway?”
“Yes, sir,” Watt answered.
“Good. What do you make of it, Watt?” Beautyman asked.
Watt looked around. Like Beautyman, once he had chosen his spot he stayed firmly there and didn’t pace.
“Looks pretty much the same, doesn’t it?” Beautyman said.
“You think there’s a reason that it shouldn’t?”
“I don’t know. Something’s nagging at me and I’m not sure what it is yet,” said Beautyman. “But there is something that strikes me as being a little off about the scene so far.”
Watt looked around again. “Where’s his card?”
Beautyman looked around again, this time moving farther into the room to check each counter top. He made it to the other side and turned back. “I don’t think there is one.”
Watt considered this. “Rachel Madison didn’t have a card with her on the beach. And there’s no report they found one with Deidre Patrick either. There was no card until Miguel de la Iglesia.”
“But why is it absent this time? The killer had clenched Chandra Pal’s fingers around the card to make sure it didn’t blow away in the alley. But here we are in a totally secure environment and there’s no card. Why?”
“Maybe he ran out.”
Beautyman shook his head. “He’s only used five so far. There have to be more. A normal sheet of paper would have at least eight.”
“Maybe this is a copycat.”
“It’s possible. We’ll know after the lab report. If he used Propofol it would be pretty clear evidence it’s the Babylon killer.”
“What’s your theory?”
“Maybe he got spooked and ran.” Beautyman’s thoughts went to his mother in Minnesota, who volunteered on Wednesdays and Thursdays in the office of her Lutheran church. He decided to change his search priorities. “Take two men and find a list of volunteers and staff who have keys to the church. I want to know if any of them have been in here between the Sunday service and this morning, especially if they made a late night visit. I’m most interested in what time they were here and how long they were here. Start with them.”
Watt nodded and left. Beautyman called Clark.
“Who discovered the body?”
“Sally Warren. She’s the organist and came in to practice.”
“Is she still here?”
“In the parish office across the back parking lot. We haven’t questioned her, but she keeps volunteering information. She wants to talk.”
“Supervise the crews for me, Detective. I’m going to sit down with her.”

Beautyman walked out one of the back exits of the church and found himself in a small, enclosed parking lot, tucked between the church and the parish offices and thick pine trees. He stopped to call the Sheriff with an update on both Deidre Patrick and Father Alan Yeager. As he stood in the small parking lot waiting for the phone to connect, he saw that only a few cars were using the lot, though it had room for about 12 to 15. He closed his cell phone before the Sheriff picked up and snagged a passing uniformed officer.
“Would you find Mrs. Warren in the parish office and ask her to come out here?”
Within a minute, he saw a small woman in her mid-sixties exit the building on the arm of the officer.
“Thank you, Officer,” he said kindly. “Mrs. Warren, I’m Detective Beautyman.” Her hand was light in his and he didn’t risk shaking it or squeezing, but let it sit in his for a moment before withdrawing. “I know you have a lot to tell me. Finding Fr. Yeager must have been quite a shock to you. But I want to ask you about the cars here. Can you tell me which one was Fr. Yeager’s car?”
Sally Warren looked confused, which Beautyman knew was a part of the shock she was going through. She looked around the parking lot and shook her head. “It’s not here,” she said. “But it wouldn’t be. The church keeps an apartment for him on the other side of that grove. He parks his Toyota over there.” She indicated a clump of trees that lined the parking lot between the parish office and the church.
Beautyman looked at the officer who had just released her. “Get Detective Clark or Sergeant Watt and go over to the priest’s apartment. I want you to treat it like a crime scene. Seal it up and wait until I get there.”
The officer hurried off and Beautyman turned his attention back to Sally Warren. “Mrs. Warren, can you tell me whose cars these are?”
She looked around again and said, “That green one over there is mine. And this one here belongs to Veronica. She’s the secretary in the parish office. The truck belongs to some Mexicans, I don’t know their names, but Fr. Yeager hired them as our gardeners last year. And I don’t know who owns that one over there.”
Beautyman had already marked the Chevy as a cop car, probably Clark’s, who was just coming out of the church now. “His apartment and his car, Detective! Look for a Toyota.” Beautyman called. Clark didn’t need to be told, but Beautyman wanted to be sure.
“Who uses this lot, Mrs. Warren?” he asked. “Do parishioners park here on Sundays?”
“Oh, no, they all park out front or on the street. This lot is for staff and volunteers only.”
“Do all staff have keys to the church?”
“Not all, but most.”
“Do any volunteers?”
“I’m a volunteer and I do. Some others do, too.”
“And to the sacristy as well?”
At the mention of the sacristy, Warren started to tear up a bit, but she shook her head. “No, Fr. Yeager has been really careful with those keys. The sacramental wine is in there are he’s a very cautious man about that sort of thing.” 
Beautyman nodded. “I’m going to take you back to the parish office and I’d like you to wait there for an officer named Peter Watt. He’s got a lot to do, but I’d like to ask you to be patient so he can ask you some more questions. Then you can go home and get some rest.”
“I don’t know that I feel well enough to drive.”
“We can certainly arrange for a squad car to take you home. We’re happy to do it. I’ve done it myself a number of times,” Beautyman said.
After seeing her to the office he walked back to the parking lot. He stood in the middle of it, pensive. All right, brooding, he thought. Today I’m actually brooding over my crime scene.
A picture of the crime was starting to come together in his mind. But he was distracted. He kept thinking about the time he’d most recently given someone a lift home, that early morning trip with Greg Raphael.
How was it that he’d never bothered to ask what Raphael was doing three miles from home at 3:00 in the morning on a Sunday night? Because you thought he was just a stupid actor, the answer came back. Because you didn’t want Watchdog on your back. Because you were too worried about looking like an idiot for arresting the actor who merely played the killer.
Maybe it wasn’t such a blunder.
Beautyman looked around him and came back to his original thought. The Babylon killer would have parked back here, where no one would see the car. If the killer was as good as he’d been about avoiding being seen, then this was the logical choice. Then what? He goes to the apartment and lures the priest over to the church, either with a gun or a sob story.
He kills the priest and shaves him. When? Where? The apartment or the church? Either way, the priest is dead or dying, but someone interrupts him.  He doesn’t have time to leave his card so he decides to rush out.
Then what? Does he take his car?
The easy answer was “Yes, absolutely.” But maybe he’s spooked. Maybe there’s a volunteer or a staff person coming in from the parking lot door. So he takes another exit and decides to claim his own car later. Maybe he just leaves it …
And he walks home.
Beautyman closed his eyes. In his mind, he soared up and into the sky and looked down on all of Los Angeles. Directly below him was Pacific Palisades. Just to the south was Santa Monica, and just south of that was Venice. If you drew a line from Pacific Palisades to Venice, it would pass right through Santa Monica. It was all of, what, six miles at most? That’s not such a bad walk.
Beautyman’s mind fluttered over to the make-up job he’d seen this morning on the arms of Emilia. It had looked very similar to the rash he had seen on Julia Lopez. And it was more accurate than a person could have made it just going by a police report. To duplicate it as well as the makeup artist had, someone had to have seen her. That left the coroner, a couple cops who had seen the photos, and one other person, the killer himself.
The killer had been on the set. Once Beautyman had gotten that far, the entire picture snapped into focus. Only the killer would care so much about making sure the skin rash matched Julia’s, and according to Julia that person was Gregory Raphael. There had been no leak. Raphael knew about the rash because he had seen it with his own two eyes. It was as simple as that.
Raphael. Who matched the description of the killer so well that he’d been cast to play him. It was a monstrously grotesque twist of fate that he was hired to portray himself, to reenact his very own murders in front of an audience of millions.
That very morning, in fact, the actress playing one of his victims kissed him on the cheek. Beautyman couldn’t hold it in. He leaned over in the middle of the parking lot and vomited.

Chapter 8
No one had seen him throw up but he’d have to tell Watt before someone tried to bag the remains of his coffee and bagel as evidence.
Beautyman looked around the secluded parking lot. He was still alone. He took in a full breath of air and spit, trying to get the taste of bile out of his mouth. In the heat of the moment, Beautyman had been certain Raphael was the killer. It felt right. But now he felt doubt creeping in. What evidence did he have? Virtually nothing. All he had was a broad framework that made internal sense. But that wasn’t going to get very far with Watt.
Well, Raphael looked like the killer. Watt wasn’t going to question that. And he was placed within three miles of the church on the night of the crime—assuming that witnesses and forensics backed him up on the time of death, a point Beautyman hadn’t even tried to tackle yet. But it was pretty likely that there were many handsome men placed within three miles of the crime late Sunday night.
Raphael had also known about the rash. Which again, wasn’t going to get him very far. Beautyman could see a defense attorney now asking Beautyman to list everyone who could possibly have known about the rash. Who had access to the report, had the family seen it, how many were on the scene the day of the investigation? Any one of them could have told someone who could have told someone who could have told Raphael.
Did he have anything solid? Nothing came to mind. But it made so much sense! It fit so perfectly! The man was a perverted psychopath who got his kicks reliving his murders on camera. Maybe that explained why there was no sexual abuse of the victims, because it was play-acting in front of the camera that he loved. Beautyman started to wonder if he could even sell this to the Sheriff. He quickly shied away from the thought. After all, how could Raphael have known he’d get cast as the killer? If getting to re-enact the murders was part of the game, then he was an awfully patient serial killer, since Watchdog hadn’t started shooting any re-enactments until Chandra Pal’s death.
Beautyman was starting to feel like he’d just had a successful hack. Like he was sitting on solid gold but now he needed to figure out how to get everyone onto the same page. He’d do a little spelunking tonight, he decided. He’d sleep until two or three and stay up the rest of the night searching. If he found something more, he’d take his conjectures to Watt in the morning and see where it got them.
Or maybe he should sleep a little bit longer. With Fr. Yeager dead inside the church, the killer’s clock had been reset. If Raphael is the killer, Beautyman thought, then I have two months—six weeks at the minimum—to try to prove it. Beautyman was ashamed that the thought crossed his mind. But he couldn’t hold it back. The promise of a respite was washing over him and he was helpless to stop it.

Beautyman walked into the priest’s apartment, which was now on the inside of a new ribbon of yellow tape. Detective Clark looked at him like he wasn’t sure the investigation of the room was necessary. Beautyman didn’t care. It was possible that the killer had been in this place, however briefly. And if he had been forced to flee the scene, it was also possible he hadn’t been able to clean it up.
“Anything?” he asked.
“We won’t know until we get the crews through.”
Beautyman left and ran into Watt in the parking lot.
“That’s mine,” he said when he noticed Watt looking at the bile in the middle of the parking lot.
“You haven’t been eating much, I take it.”
Watt’s deadpan delivery forced a smile to cross Beautyman’s face. “Not as much as I should, no. I’ll tell you what, you can buy me breakfast tomorrow morning and make sure I start eating right.”
“Something on your mind?”
“By tomorrow there might be.”

Beautyman spent a few more hours at the church. He might say that he had nothing more to show for it, but that wasn’t totally true. Rather, Beautyman kept tabs on the teams in the sacristy as well as the priest’s residence and he left knowing that they had done their job thoroughly. He had worked cases before where he felt the crime scene data was lacking the appropriate ... context. When he’d been assigned to the Babylon case, he’d worked diligently to make sure that everything that came from the crime scenes was up to his level of satisfaction.
He also spent time with the press, a rare move for him. While he’d been occupied on the crime scene, Upright and the OC County Sheriff had issued a joint statement about Deidre Patrick. It raised a firestorm in the press, and Beautyman addressed reporters from the front steps of the church and answer their questions about Deidre Patrick and Father Yeager. He didn’t release Yeager’s name, but most of the networks were saying it was the local priest. Beautyman was stuck with the tired line, “Until we have alerted the victim’s family, we cannot confirm his identity.”
In all, Beautyman spent more than an hour answering questions from reporters. Some of it was broadcast live and it was practically guaranteed that each network would show clips of his interview during the local news. His goal was to frame the story before Watchdog smeared him. He wasn’t sure it would be enough to keep his job once the interview aired, but maybe he’d keep his pension.

“Two simultaneous investigations, Arthur. This makes me worried,” Upright said once Watt and Beautyman were seated in front of his desk. The Sheriff put his alligator cowboy boots up on the desk and leaned back in his chair. He was certainly the right Sheriff for L.A. County, Beautyman thought. A showman who knew how to dress the part without play-acting. The boots were perfect; a ten-gallon hat would have been too much.
“We can handle it, sir. After so long facing so few leads, we suddenly have a wealth of them. Watt has assigned a team to familiarize themselves with the Deidre Patrick file. We’ll go through everyone who had a yacht moored in the marina, of course, and eventually get to the Dana Point City Councilman’s friends and associates who might have met her. The trail might be 16 months cold, but it’s a start.”
“Good. And what about the priest?”
“There’s some circumstantial evidence to suggest that the killer may have done a runner before he was done.”
“That being?”
“The calling card he’s left with every body since Miguel de la Iglesia wasn’t there. There are plenty of reasons why it might not be there, but I think the strongest is that he was startled and had to run. He’s been too organized to merely forget it. We now have a full list of everyone with keys to the church. Barring any surprises, we will have interviewed most of them before the end of the night. I’m holding out hope that we’ll find one of them who entered the church unexpectedly Sunday night or early Monday morning.”
“And if you don’t?”
“Then we’ll come up with a new hypothesis about the missing card and test that theory.”
“When is the Watchdog interview airing?” Upright asked, changing topics and staring up at the acoustic ceiling tiles.
“Two night from now, sir.”
“Detective, I appreciate your understanding of the politics here. If the public reaction is too great, I will have to consider a replacement to lead the investigation.”
“I hope it doesn’t come to that, sir. I think that for the time being, we will have sufficiently neutered Watchdog, if you will allow the phrase.”
Upright smirked. “Thank you, Detective. But if that’s true, they’re going to be pissed as hell. Watch out.”

Beautyman made a point to visit Fleet’s office before he left. “You’re here late,” he said, rapping twice on her door with his knuckles.
She smiled sympathetically from behind her laptop. “You’re having a rough day.”
“I’m glad I got a game in last night before things got too crazy. Who knows when I’ll get to another one,” Beautyman said, falling into a seat.
“I caught the tail end of your presser.”
“How did I handle them?”
“Surprisingly well. You thinking about running for Sheriff?”
Beautyman laughed, but didn’t respond.
There was a beat, and Fleet asked, “You want to talk about your case?”
“No, but thanks just the same. I need a break from it and thought I’d flop down here for a bit. Tell me about yours. I got intrigued.”
“Not much new to report, I’m afraid.”
“Then tell me what put you onto this Dutchman. I know a bit about computers, and it intrigues me that you could track him down.”
Fleet looked momentarily chagrined. “There have been parts of this investigation that are … not strictly by the book.”
Beautyman raised an eyebrow. “Oh?”
“Yesterday I told you it was their server admin … but that’s not exactly true. It was the server admin’s kid. He’s 16, and he’s picked up a few tricks from his dad, but he hasn’t always used them nobly. He’s a hacker, just like this Dutchman.”
“And you haven’t reported him as a CI, I’m guessing.”
“I don’t want to mess with this kid’s life by registering him as an informant. I’m not sure he totally deserves the title of criminal. I’m starting to realize that not all hackers are criminal. He took a big risk telling his dad what was up, and I want to reward that. It just seemed easier for everyone involved to say that it was his dad who figured everything out instead of him.”
“That was a kind thing to do,” Beautyman said softly.
“I was afraid you would report me to IA.”
“So why tell me now?”
“Because I had a really good time last night.” Her eyes flashed on Beautyman and he felt his gut tense with a mixture of desire and guilt.
“I did too.”
There was a silence, and then Fleet looked at her palms and kept going. “So Brad, that’s the 16-year old, is a hacker. Not a malicious one, like the ones we always think of. He does it just for kicks. And he hangs out in chat rooms and other places where hackers talk online.”
“They talk online?” Beautyman asked, knowing full well that hacking was a very social activity.
“All the time. That’s part of the reason they do it. To look good in front of their hacker friends. The prestige of it all. And they help each other. Someone will ask, ‘Do you have a way to get into some company,’ and the other guys will help out if they can.
“Brad says that a few weeks before Maritime Bank was hacked he told a hacker going by the handle Dutchman how to force a server reset that would make you the new admin.”
“Are you saying Brad actually helped Dutchman break into the bank?”
“No, not at all. At least not knowingly. By helping his dad, he had learned servers backwards and forwards. Dutchman put out the call for help, and Brad answered the call. He didn’t know that his own father’s employer was the target.
“Once he found out what happened, he fessed up to his dad.”
“That’s pretty impressive.”
“It is. Brad’s promised us to start researching this Dutchman. He’s chatting up hackers on the sites and trying to establish who he is, and if he’s even local, though we’re pretty sure of that. He says he saw him online three or four nights ago. Nothing since.
“But with Brad’s help we’ll catch him and get him in here for questioning. It’s driving me nuts to try to figure out what he was doing with those security cameras.”

Beautyman fell into bed just as the sun fell into the Pacific. His head was swimming back and forth between Watchdog and young Brad. He was being targeted, professionally and now also in the chat rooms that used to be a safe haven.
Despite all that, he slept and slept hard. Because he was finally on the hunt. Everything had opened up. Deidre Patrick gave them some hard leads, and his theory about Raphael—the first time he felt as if he’d had any sound working theory—gave him a framework to follow.

He was awakened, once again, by a ringing phone.
“Three nights in a row, Watt? Maybe you should just move in,” he said.
“Who’s this Watt? Is she pretty?”
Beautyman’s mind eventually caught up. “Mom?” He looked at his phone’s clock. It was six in the morning. “You do know it’s 11:00 at night here, right?”
“I know, I’m sorry. But I’ve been working on this email for over an hour and suddenly the program closed and now I don’t know how to find it again. I didn’t know if it was time sensitive to try to get it back.”
“Mom … ”
“Can’t you get onto my computer from yours like you did before and try to find it?” The last time Beautyman had visited her he’d set up a remote desktop client so that he could provide long-distance tech support.
“All right, let me get my computer.” Beautyman got out of bed and went to his desk.
“Thank you, Arthur.”
“You’re welcome. What are you doing up this late?”
“I’ve been doing most of my writing at night. I go until I get too tired to write anymore.”
“Writing?”
“I didn’t tell you? I’m working on my memoirs.”
Beautyman logged in to her computer and found the draft email.
His mother thanked him profusely. “But you didn’t answer my question, Arthur. Have you been seeing someone? Who’s this Watt?”
“Peter Watt. He works with me. There’s no time to see anyone, mom. I’m too busy.” Although he had just recently squeezed in a baseball game.
His phone buzzed and he looked at the screen. “Speak of the devil, there’s Watt calling me now. Got to go.”
“Love you, Arthur.”
“Love you too.”
 “I owe you, Watt.”
“Not the response I usually get when I call this late.”
“I was on the phone with my mother. She would have talked my ear off if you hadn’t called. What’s up?”
“You said you wanted to hear first thing. There were four confirmed entries into the church between Sunday at 2:00, when it was locked up after the last Sunday mass, and today. That includes Sally Warren’s entry when she found the body this morning.”
Beautyman had already grabbed a small pad of paper and a pen.
“And the other three?”
“Monday at four, the parish secretary went in to water plants before she left for the day. She didn’t notice anything out of the ordinary. Before that, the two janitors entered at 5:15 am. They tried the door to the sacristy and found it was locked. Which I guess isn’t unusual. If it’s unlocked, they clean it, if it’s locked they don’t. And the earliest entry was Sunday night. Later than 11, and probably earlier than midnight, he couldn’t be sure. Matthew Peterson, age 28, the church’s youth group leader. He was there for his laptop, which he’d left behind in the church basement Saturday night.”
“Were there any vehicles in the parking lot when he was there?”
“Yes, actually. One. He identified it as a sedan, newer body style, looked like a Honda or a Toyota. Color … dark.”
“I think I’ve seen one of those,” Beautyman said.
“Then we’ve got our man,” Watt intoned. It was a lame joke between them that they repeated whenever they got a description that was as worthless as that one. “Vehicle was still there in the early morning, but the janitors had no description at all, just a recollection that it was there. And it was gone by the time the secretary arrived at 9:00.”
Over the phone, Beautyman heard the slap of Watt’s leather notebook cover falling shut.
“It was a good question to ask, sir. I’m looking forward to breakfast when you tell me how you knew it was going to get us a good answer.”

Beautyman sat at his desk and considered where to start his research into Gregory Raphael. The sequence of events was pretty airtight as far as he was concerned. Raphael showed up at the priest’s apartment in the late evening. He was caught off guard when the youth director arrived and fled the scene sometime before midnight. He walked to the beach and headed south, where someone spotted him and called Watchdog. Figure he was picked up around two, they get him to the station, call the Sheriff’s Department, who in turn calls Watt, who in turn calls Beautyman by 3:00 am. Beautyman got him back home around 6:30, and that was plenty of time for him to go back and claim it before the secretary got there at nine. For now, Beautyman was content to leave it at that.
So where to start? He could probably find some online records that would confirm Raphael was a home-owning union actor. But a serial killer? That kind of evidence wasn’t going to be as easy to find.
Beautyman recalled the advice Emilia had given him earlier in the morning and he decided to try it out. He found Raphael on the Internet Movie Database. She had been right. He wasn’t a star by any means, and calling his next project the Ron Howard movie seemed like a stretch—Howard seemed to be at most a distant producer. But there was Raphael, a few steps down in the cast from the Hollywood A-List.
He glanced at the trivia. Raphael was 33, he was married to Judith Raphael, his first films had been with student filmmakers, he was cast as the Babylon killer after an open call by Watchdog … but IMDb trivia wasn’t going to place Raphael at a crime scene.
He could attempt to link Raphael to Deidre Patrick, but that wasn’t going to be an easy task at this stage. Better to wait for more information about her before trying to tie those strings together. He could try to find his way into Raphael’s e-mail inbox—and he knew he would get to it eventually—but it didn’t seem promising as a place to start. First and foremost it would take time, and he wanted something solid to present to Watt.
Beautyman drummed his fingers on the desk. It was the problem he always faced when he sat down to do this. Inspiration would eventually strike, and until then he would coax it along by backing up and looking at the big picture. What did he know about the Babylon killer? Besides who the killer was, that is, a fact that was turning out to be surprisingly unhelpful.
It took only a few seconds after he’d asked the question. The Propofol. Where did Raphael get his Propofol?
Armed with a specific question, it was as if the general scrap heap of the Internet had transformed into row upon row of library archives. It was still frustrating work. There were a million dead ends ahead and it would take hours. But he knew that if you start with the right question, the answer will be much more rewarding.
Beautyman got to work and didn’t finish until 5:30 in the morning.

Chapter 9
Beautyman and Watt sat together at Mel’s Diner on Sunset. It was far from the station and Beautyman had scheduled it there for that reason. It was still early, not even seven yet, but they had already eaten and Watt was now staring at the computer printout that Beautyman had shown him.
Watt set the single piece of paper down and looked hard at his boss. “You didn’t get this through normal channels, did you?”
“No.”
“Where did it come from?”
“I have certain … skills when it comes to computers.”
“You hacked it?” Watt asked in a hushed voice. He face showed a mix of doubt, revulsion, but also admiration. “You’re a hacker?”
Beautyman was prepared for this. He knew when he showed Watt the evidence that he’d found on Raphael that he’d need to come clean. “I am. Are you going to turn me in for it?”
It was a simple question and it caught Watt off guard. He thought about it for a moment and finally said, “No, I’m not … Are you going to tell me something that would make me want to turn you in?”
“I hope not.”
“Is this how you research all your cases? Hacking?”
Beautyman hesitated. “Now I do, yes. I tried not to, but … Will you let me explain?”
Watt nodded, now clearly more intrigued than angry.
“I can work wonders with a computer, Watt. I was a computer geek growing up. I was 15 and incredibly lonely. Then my parents got me a computer for my birthday and suddenly … I had this incredible toy to play with. And I played with it, I bought more, and I got good—really good, actually.
“In college my student job was in the UCLA IT department where I monitored student use and caught those who were using the network illegally or even just eating up too much bandwidth. I kept the job for a couple years after I graduated and eventually I was recruited from there to the Sheriff’s Department with computer fraud. That’s when I decided to stop all my extracurricular hacking and stay on the up-and-up.
“I worked there for a couple years until the division had budget cuts and I was reassigned to help the detectives. When I started, I was able to avoid the temptation to do any hacking and just worked the case. That was until a family was murdered in their home, gunned down at their dinner table.”
“I think I remember that,” Watt cut in, leaning forward.
“We knew so little going in. The shooter had stood outside the house and fired through the plate glass window at the family. Husband, wife, one of their children, and the man’s mother ... all killed at the table with no apparent motive, no suspect. Just a senseless crime.”
Beautyman paused and sipped his coffee. “I was working the case with Don Gorman. I was in your role, helping him make sure nothing fell through the cracks.
“Eventually we started to suspect a man named Stewart, a business partner of the man killed. Two people hinted that Stewart had been having an affair with the guy’s wife. Unfortunately we had nothing to connect him short of a loose motive of knocking the husband out of the picture—but then why kill her, plus their kids?
“It didn’t make sense and we were getting desperate. One night I decided that it was just too heinous a crime to let go. So I went home and started poking around in places that I shouldn’t. The Internet was just hitting the general public in a big way and most of the new users had very little idea how unsafe their information was. 
“And Stewart really had no idea, considering the scams it turned out he was running. I got into his machine, found the cookies in his cache, and saw that he had multiple e-mail accounts registered, all anonymous Hotmail accounts. I hacked into those and in a single night of work I was able to piece together an entire case that we’d spent more than a month investigating.”
“So Stewart was the killer then?” Watt asked.
Beautyman looked back at him like that wasn’t the point but saw that Watt was interested in hearing how the case turned out. “No, actually. He wasn’t. Stewart had been having an affair with his business partner’s wife. He was getting more and more obsessed with his partner’s wife and was getting jealous of the time she spent with her husband. He harangued her with questions—do you still have sex with him, do you still love him, and all that. He tried to convince her to leave him, but she decided to stay with her husband. Most likely, she’d started to realize that Stewart was going a little crazy. When she ended the affair, he decided he wanted both of them dead.
“But he knew he would be a suspect, so he hired a guy named Neil Baker to do the deed for him. He didn’t care how it happened, but he wanted it done within a certain five day period, while he was on a business trip.
 “Baker was a poor choice for the job. He never got up the never to do and was running out of time. He didn’t know what Stewart would do to him if he came home and found them still alive. On the last night Stewart was gone, Bake took a shotgun and just starts taking shots at them at the table through the plate glass window.”
	“How did you discover all that?”
	“Because Stewart was an idiot about security. He’d been emailing Baker regularly while he was gone and he never deleted his emails.”
“I checked up on Baker and found that two days afterward he’d killed himself with a shotgun. At which point, all I had to do was figure out a plausible way to find out the same evidence I’d found over the computer through legitimate methods of investigation.
“So I went into Gorman’s office and told him that I had a theory. What if Stewart wasn’t guilty, I asked—even though I knew he was. What if it was a senseless killing and the guy who had perpetrated it had killed himself afterward? Gorman sent me to look into it and I came back the next day with Baker’s name.
“We tested his shotgun and linked it to the scene. We searched his home and computer of course, and found the emails from Stewart, which was my goal all along. Gorman complimented me for my ‘deductive reasoning’ and I got a promotion out of the whole thing.”
Watt was silent, and to Beautyman it seemed he was reflecting on the story as well as his boss’s role in it.
“I’m not sure we would have been able to convict Stewart if I hadn’t hacked his account,” Beautyman said. “I don’t know how it could have happened otherwise. And so after that, when it had shown so many results ... I just got into the habit of doing a little outside research on my cases. It doesn’t actually bear fruit that often. But sometimes I strike gold.”
“And this document here,” Watt said, tapping the printout Beautyman had shown him.
“That’s right.”
“Deidre Patrick, too?”
Beautyman hesitated only briefly but then nodded. “I found the list of questions Watchdog was going to ask me and it included her name. Once I figured out who she was I phoned in the anonymous tip.”
“Where did you find it?”
“Sandy Ewson’s inbox.”
For the entire conversation he’d been wearing a stern face of official disapproval but now Watt laughed. “The bastard deserved that, I guess.”
The pair looked at each other for a moment and Beautyman said, “I’m a police officer, Peter. I just also happen to be a hacker. I know that there’s about a million laws that I’ve broken doing it, but I am careful about what I go out and look for. I do it to help solve cases.”
Watt sighed. “I don’t know what to say. I believe you when you say that you’re not out to do anything other than help your investigation. If you were out for personal gain you probably wouldn’t need to work here anymore, you could just steal it online. But I don’t like that you had to make me a part of the process you use for getting what you find into evidence.”
“I don’t either. If I go looking online again I’ll tell you immediately what I find out and we can work it in as best we can.”
“Just don’t tell me ahead of time. I wouldn’t get any sleep, I’d be up worrying that the Feds were going to break down your door.”
The server came by and refilled their coffee. “So did you find something online that made you start suspecting Raphael?” Watt asked when she’d left.
“That was a good old-fashioned hunch, actually.” Beautyman took Watt through his theory, starting with the missing card, Raphael’s walk home, and the rash on Emilia’s arms. Watt, to his credit, Beautyman thought, asked every damaging question to his theory that Beautyman had already thought of, plus a few more.
Watt leaned back in the booth and looked out at Sunset Boulevard. “All that just came to you yesterday?”
“In the parking lot.”
“And that was why you … ”
“I couldn’t stomach it. I remembered seeing that actress kiss Raphael and it was too much for me to take.”
“You think he could have known he’d get cast as the killer?”
“I don’t see how. But maybe he had an inside connection somewhere. Hollywood is all about who you know, right?”
“How certain are you, sir?”
“This helped convince me,” Beautyman said. He pushed the computer print out toward Watt.
“I still don’t know what it means.”
“What do you think it is?”
Watt looked again. “It’s a purchase order for Propofol, among other drugs, from the Venice Family Clinic.”
“It’s a common order. The drug company that makes Propofol sends it to the clinic monthly. This is just the most recent PO.”
“And they’re one of how many clinics and hospitals that have the drug?”
“That’s not what’s important. What’s important is that this is the free clinic where Judith Raphael volunteers every week. It’s a link between Raphael and the drug.”
Watt chewed on that for a few moments. “I’m not saying it’s not a good link—it’s the first link we’ve established between a suspect and access to the drug. But it’s still weak. He doesn’t have direct access, which makes things tricky. I mean his access can’t be much better than a guy who just walks in off the street, right? First he’s got to get around his wife without raising her suspicions. Then he’s got to figure out how to make sure no one else notices either. That’s hard to do unless you’re the guy placing the orders.”
“I know. I’m going to go down there today and see what I can find out,” Beautyman said. “I need you to lie about where I am.”
“Our investigation is supposed to be a secret?” Watt asked, surprised.
“Just for a day or two. I’m a little worried about taking it to the FBI or Upright with as little we have.”
“Couldn’t they help us, though?”
“I hate to say it, but I’m worried about Watchdog. Yesterday we both thought there was a leak because someone there knew about the skin rash. Right after I began to suspect Raphael, one of my first thoughts was, ‘That this proves there was no leak.’ But of course that means no such thing. If I were in Watchdog’s shoes right now, I’d be trying to find someone in the investigation to talk. And I don’t want it getting back to them that we might be researching someone who’s working for them.”
“Because it might tip Raphael off if his producers start acting funny,” Watt said.
Beautyman nodded. But in truth, he hadn’t actually thought of that. Mostly he was worried about Watchdog trying to nab him themselves. Or, if they really thought it was going to look bad for them politically, Beautyman wouldn’t be surprised if they tried to cover it up to save their own necks. He chastised himself. Watt’s mind went straight to the practicalities of the case while his went to the rivalry with Watchdog.
“Is that worth keeping it a secret? On the slim chance that Watchdog has a source in the department?” Watt pressed.
“No,” Beautyman eventually said. “But there is something else.”
Watt’s jaw tensed.
“I don’t want to go into all the details, but after Julia Lopez was killed I asked a fellow hacker for some help. All I knew of him was that he was a whiz with a certain kind of server that I wanted access to. He went by the handle Aftermath. Would have been no big deal. I get a lot of help from other hackers. But Aftermath turned me in when he saw what I was after.”
“He knows your name?”
“He knows my handle, which is Dutchman.”
“That’s kind of a boring name.”
Beautyman grinned. “I’m not that creative. It’s named after Honus Wagner. Plus the ghost ship, which I guess makes it a little spooky.”
“Not like Aftermath.”
“Well, it turns out Aftermath is a 16-year-old kid named Brad, so don’t put too much stock in the name thing. When Brad turned me in, Jackie Fleet landed the case. So now she’s on the hunt for Dutchman. To make things worse, she got Aftermath to start coming after me as well, which means that whenever I log on to the forums, he’s looking for me.”
“Can he find you?”
“Probably not, especially now that I know he’s looking to trace me. What I mostly want is to keep Jackie off the case.”
“And how do you expect to do that?”
“I’m going to ask Upright to re-assign her to Babylon. I want her busy with our case, but I can’t afford to have her on the Raphael angle yet until we have a more solid, verifiable lead.”
“So where are you going to put her?”
“Deidre Patrick. I want Jackie to help us create a full profile of our new first victim. By the time she’s finished, I hope we’ll have a solid lead on Raphael and when we merge the two things together, the link will be right in front of us.”
“All right. Fleet might actually be a big help right now, since I’ll be swamped with Fr. Yeager.”
“Thanks, Peter.”
As he stood, Watt said, “If I make ask, sir, how did you make the link from Raphael to his wife to the clinic?”
“That was easy. Judith Raphael was Volunteer of the Year at the clinic last year … it just popped right up on Google.”
“And how did you hack into the Venice Family Clinic and find the PO?”
“Even easier. The purchaser’s email password was ‘password.’ Testing that pays off surprisingly often,” Beautyman grinned.
Chapter 10
Beautyman arrived at the free clinic in Venice just before 9:00. He was unannounced, and the nurse bristled when he flashed his badge and asked to see the doctor in charge.
“He’s with a patient. We’re incredibly busy, you know.”
“I need 10 minutes.”
She frowned and went to get the doctor. Beautyman looked around the crowded waiting room. Many of the men and women in the room looked like they were high or suffering from some severe withdrawals.
While Beautyman waited, he felt the vibration of his phone in his pocket. He looked at the number on the screen but couldn’t identify it.
“Detective, this is Sandy Ewson! I’m in New York right now, but I hear the interview looks great. It’ll air tomorrow night on Watchdog.”
“Thank you for keeping me informed, Mr. Ewson,” Beautyman said.
“This call was more than just a heads-up. I’d like to know if you could spare a few hours tomorrow morning for some shooting on set. I know you’re busy with the priest and Deidre Patrick—finally—but I hoped you could squeeze it in. What do you say?”
Beautyman was going to pass as politely as he could muster. Clearly they wanted to get him in to shoot his scenes before the interview aired. They must think I won’t do the filming after I see it, Beautyman thought. But then he remembered who Watchdog employed.
“I’d be happy to, Mr. Ewson. Name your time.”
“Someone will meet you in the front lobby at 8:30. Thank you, Detective. I’m off to a meeting. Things are looking up for Watchdog: NYC!” Ewson hung up.
“Dr. Ramirez will see you,” the nurse said as Beautyman pocketed the phone.
“Thank you. And where is his office?”
She thumbed toward a hallway over her left shoulder. “You know, if y’all did more keeping this junk off the street, we might not be stretched as thin as we are.” With a sweep of her head she indicated the addicts in the waiting room behind Beautyman.
“I’ll tell you, ma’am,” he said as he met her glare and walked by her station, “I couldn’t agree more. Good luck in here.”

“Thank you for seeing me on such short notice, Dr. Ramirez. I’m Detective Beautyman,” Beautyman said as he entered the cramped and cluttered office.
The doctor glanced up from a folder he was reading. He pulled off his reading glasses and Beautyman noticed the weary eyes behind them. “I saw you on television last night,” Ramirez said. “And I remember why you were on TV, too … It’s a sick world, eh?”
“Do a few bad apples really spoil the barrel, Doctor?” Beautyman answered, sitting down across the desk from the doctor.
Ramirez leaned back in his chair and laced his fingers behind his silvery head of hair. “Perhaps not. I’m just surprised to hear you ask that. Because it seems to me that anyone who could ask that after all you’ve seen is either naïve or a liar. And I doubt you’re naïve.”
“Believing in the basic goodness of humanity doesn’t make me naïve,” Beautyman answered. “There are still good people left.”
“Those that haven’t been shaved and exsanguinated yet, yes.”
“You’re running a free clinic and serving drug addicts, hookers, and the homeless, Dr. Ramirez. And you’re still alive.”
Ramirez looked at him sharply. “I’m no saint, Detective, and I don’t want to be mistaken for one. I’m seriously considering giving two months’ notice. That’s how long I have until the next murder, right?”
Beautyman felt like he’d been punched in the gut. He didn’t realize that the fear had set in so strongly. Good people shouldn’t scare so easily. He looked at his open palms and bit his lip. “I hope we can get our man sooner than that, Doctor.”
 “I hope so, too.”
“It’s actually why I’m here. I’m interested in your Propofol.”
“I figured as much,” Ramirez nodded. “We’ve gotten the letters from the Sheriff’s Department like every other medical facility in the area. I hope you know that we’ve been strictly guarding it. Just like all our anesthesia and prescription meds.”
“And have you found that any has gone missing?”
“Like enough to dose a victim every two months? Of course not. You would have heard immediately if we had.”
“I’m interested to see a list of anyone on staff—doctors, nurses, or volunteers—who might have access to the Propofol.”
“I’d rather you give me a name and I tell you whether they have access or not.”
“I’m sorry, I can’t do it that way.”
“I could get it to you in a day or two, if that works for you.”
“Thank you, but I need it more quickly than that, Doctor.”
Ramirez looked at his watch. “All right. 2:00 this afternoon. Should I fax it?”
“No need. I’ll be back at 1:00 in case you’re done early.”
Ramirez looked at him skeptically.
“But before we get to that, I want to review your security procedures for incoming drug shipments and storage.”
Beautyman questioned Ramirez for another 10 minutes before he stood to leave. It was possible that Ramirez was putting a good spin on the clinic’s security, but Beautyman wasn’t inclined to think so. Ramirez spoke knowledgeably and directed Beautyman to the documentation and the redundancy built into their drug handling.
Ramirez walked Beautyman out to the nurse’s station at the front of the office and told him that the list he wanted would be ready by 1:00 that afternoon. Ramirez left and the nurse at the front station glared at the detective.
“I hope it gets better, ma’am,” he told her. 
“It never has,” she answered.
Beautyman patted the counter and turned away, only to see Judith Raphael on the other side of the waiting room sitting with a crying homeless woman. He watched her, and contrasted her with the very tired looking woman he’d seen Monday morning when he dropped Raphael off. How long had she been up worrying about him? Had he told her it was a late shoot? Did she think he was cheating on her?
Now she looked beautiful in her empathy. She was perfectly cast as the wife of a Hollywood actor—gorgeous, blonde, trim, and young. But now, sitting with the homeless woman, she also managed to look far more human than the plasticized trophies that were everywhere else.
He waited 15 minutes. She had noticed him while he sat across the room, and approached him quite willingly when she had left the woman.
“Care to walk me home, Detective?” She asked. “I’m just getting off an early morning shift.”
“You recognize me, then?” He asked as they left the building and entered the bright sunlight.
They began walking, Judith setting the course and Beautyman turning corners with her.
“Greg and I watched you on TV last night. You were all over the news. Every channel.”
“That I was. Incidentally, your husband was a big help Monday morning. He warned me that Watchdog might be out to get me, and he was most definitely right. I was glad to be on my guard.”
“I can probably guess what you think of Watchdog, Detective. And even though they’re delivering the paycheck, I hope you know that Greg and I both think that what they’re doing is pretty scummy.”
“What they’re doing?” Beautyman repeated, playing dumb.
“Oh, you know,” she said, waving her hand dismissively. “Everything. It’s like they don’t want anyone else to be noble because they have sole rights to be the good guys. And at a time when this city needs as many heroes as it can get.”
“Speaking of which, I’m impressed you’re a volunteer at the clinic,” Beautyman said. It was true and he hoped that the enthusiasm in his voice didn’t betray how impressed he was. A woman like this, though, was sure to have already read him like a familiar book. “Now that your husband’s career is taking off do you think you’ll keep doing it?”
“Of course! What kind of question is that? If we really start to do well, that’s hardly any reason to stop trying to help people.”
“Does Greg come to visit you much?”
“Before he started working so much, yes. We used to have lunch together in the park across the street from the clinic. But now he’s working all kinds of hours so he doesn’t come by as much.”
Beautyman kept quiet for a bit and they walked together. It was a risk not to keep asking questions, but too many and she would start to feel like she was being investigated. Most people felt that any question from him had a motive. It was hard for his few friends, let alone strangers, to forget he was a detective.
“That woman looked like she was having a bad morning,” he eventually said.
Judith nodded. “She was. She and her seven-year-old son have been without a home for three months now. He got an infection that just kept getting worse and she waited too long to take him in. The doctors think they might have to take his leg.”
“Does she feel guilty?”
Judith pursed her lips. “She’s high on meth most of the time and she was too paranoid to get him in earlier. Now she thinks it’s the doctor’s fault.” Judith shook her head as she thought about it. “It’s a terrible addiction.”
“I know. I’ve seen what it does to people.”
“But you didn’t want to talk about that, did you, Detective?”
“I wasn’t aware I wanted to talk about anything.”
“I somehow doubt that.”
“And why’s that?”
They walked a few more steps in silence and then Judith stopped.
“Did you know that Ted Bundy’s girlfriend reported him to the police early on in the investigation but no one followed up on the tip? They didn’t think a charming law student could be their killer. She must have felt really stupid for a long time, suspecting her boyfriend like that … until it turned out it was actually him … So tell me, Detective. How long have you suspected my husband?”

Chapter 11
Beautyman stopped dead in his tracks. He damn well didn’t expect to hear anything like this from Judith Raphael and he had no idea how to respond.
“Mrs. Raphael, I … ”
“Detective, before you stutter through whatever you were going to say, let me finish.”
Beautyman shut his mouth as he was told. Judith started walking again and Beautyman followed her.
“After that poor high school girl died a couple months ago, they kept repeating the same thing over and over on the news. They showed the sketches and everything, and it was like … I don’t know, the first time I really thought, ‘Hey, that’s what Greg looks like.’ It was why he got cast, but for some reason it had never really hit home that he looked like the killer.
“So it started to eat at me a bit, enough that I tried to figure out when that last girl was killed and what Greg was doing. I thought it would ease my fears, but when I couldn’t say for sure where he was, it just made things worse.
“I didn’t know what to do, so I just kind of sat on it.” Judith ran her hand through her blonde hair and looked out toward the ocean. She sighed and continued, “Then Sunday night he told me they would be shooting way out in the suburbs and that he wouldn’t be home until late. I didn’t think anything of it. Until I woke up at 3 am and he wasn’t back yet. I’d like to say that I was worried about him, but the truth is my first reaction was that he was out ... you know.
“Then he gets brought home by a cop! And suddenly I’m right back where I was before, but this time I really don’t know what to think. He told me that he’d gone to Santa Monica to walk along the beach and do some thinking before coming home. It was a lie, but I let it pass.
“Then last night you’re on the news because you’ve found another victim, who very easily could have been killed that night, I figure. I couldn’t help but think about it and it terrified me. But I didn’t know what to do. I started going a little bit crazy, I think, and was getting really paranoid. While Greg slept I stayed up and ended up looking up serial killers on Wikipedia—that’s when I read about Ted Bundy’s girlfriend.
“I started wondering if I should call you. In the middle of the night I was ready to report my husband. But then I thought, it’s not like you guys didn’t know who he was or know that he matched the description. And you knew he’d been close, at least kind of close. So I went to bed, finally, and told myself I would take my cues from you and the Sheriff’s Department. If you guys ever thought that he might be the killer, then I’d get worried.”
“And then I showed up at the clinic,” Beautyman murmured, finishing the story for her.
“I don’t know how you found me there. But seeing you there instead of my home ... that just helped convince me a little more that you guys have done your homework and that this wasn’t a random accident.”
The two of them were now on a street that Beautyman recognized from driving Raphael home. He knew his chance to ask questions was coming to a close and that thought spurred him into action.
“Tell me, Mrs. Raphael, where was your husband’s car when I drove him home?”
She closed her eyes and took in a deep breath. Beautyman had, after all, just confirmed everything that she feared—that he thought her husband might be a crazy killer. “I don’t know. I assumed it had been left in Santa Monica where he got arrested. He called a cab to take him back there. I went to bed.”
“What’s kind is it? The car, I mean.”
“It’s a 2000 Acura.”
“What color?”
“Black.”
Beautyman tried to remember if there was anything else he needed to ask.
“Detective, do you think he did … these things? Or are you just ruling out possibilities?”
“Mrs. Raphael, I can’t rule him out. But that’s a long way from saying that he did it, you understand. I know you’re going to worry, and I’m not sure I can say anything to make you feel better. I will let you know immediately if I find anything that clears him.”
“And if he did do it?”
“Well, in that case, he’ll be the first to know. And we’ll act swiftly.”
“Am I in any danger?”
Beautyman hesitated, perhaps just a little too long. “I don’t think there’s any reason to think that, Mrs. Raphael.”
“That doesn’t make me feel much better.”
“I know.”
Beautyman got out his phone. “What’s your cell phone number, Mrs. Raphael?” She listed it off and he dialed. He waited until he heard it ring in her purse and then hung up. “You’ve got my number now. If you need me, don’t hesitate to call day or night. And if you ever feel like you might be in danger yourself, I can hold him for 24 hours, no questions asked.”
“Really?”
“Really.”
“I don’t know that I can keep up an act for too long. I … I love him so much. Thinking these things about him has been torture. And it doesn’t help knowing that someone else thinks it might be him, too. What do I tell him if he gets suspicious?”
“Tell him you’re worried who he was with Sunday night … make him believe you think he’s cheating. I know it’s not going to be easy, Mrs. Raphael. But I hope you believe me when I tell you that we’ll try to resolve it as quickly as we possibly can.”
Beautyman watched her disappear into the house. She was fighting back tears and once she was inside he figured she was going to lose it.
He hurried back to the clinic and his waiting car. Dr. Ramirez had the list of staff and volunteers who had access to drugs waiting for him, three hours ahead of schedule. Apparently he was a man who knew how to get things done. Beautyman took the manila envelope and hurried out to his car.

“You really think it could be the actor?” Upright asked.
Beautyman nodded affirmatively. “I think it’s a very strong possibility.” After the morning’s run-in with Judith Raphael, Beautyman felt that he couldn’t keep the Sheriff in the dark any longer. He had pulled both Watt and Fleet into the room with him for the meeting.
“You?” Upright asked, looking at Watt. Apparently Fleet was too new to the case to warrant an opinion.
Watt hedged his bet. “I think that for the first time we have a suspect that can’t be easily dismissed.”
“What the fuck does that mean?” the Sheriff challenged. “Are you being careful because you think that if your boss screws up badly enough I’ll put you in charge?”
“No, sir.”
“Then give me a straight answer.”
“Raphael deserves to be the prime suspect. He matches the description. We suspect the killer was on foot Sunday night, and so was Raphael. He owns a car that fits the rough description of a car at the scene. He’s got the closest thing we’ve figured for a motive—that he did it for the role, although I admit that’s a hard sell. And there is a possible link to Propofol.”
“Geez, Watt, when you put it like that, he sounds like our man,” the Sheriff said. “Now tell me why you were scared to just come out and call him the Babylon killer.”
“The closest we can place him to any of the murder scenes is still three miles. We have no connection established between him and Deidre Patrick or between him and Rachel Madison. And while our link to the Propofol at the Venice clinic is a good one, it’s still weak. Judith Raphael might be on the list of volunteers with access, but that still leaves a couple problems. He’s got to get it without arousing her suspicion and without the clinic’s staff noticing it’s missing, and Detective Beautyman here has already indicated the clinic’s security is very tight. Those are two huge problems and we don’t have any good idea how he’d go about doing that.”
The Sheriff turned back to Beautyman. “You’ve got a debate champ on your staff. He’s convinced me back to the doubting side.”
“I think that all of us can agree, sir, that there’s too much at stake to go public with what we have. And that means addressing these questions head on,” Beautyman said.
“So what’s your plan.”
“We’ll start with trying to link him to the first victim. I’ll work on Raphael, Fleet can take Deidre Patrick, and Watt will keep going on Father Yeager. It shouldn’t go any further than that. At this stage, we can’t be too careful.”
“Because of Watchdog?”
“I think if it got out, and we were wrong, we’d have a lot more critics than just Watchdog. But they in particular would have a field day. If it is Raphael, we need to be as certain as we possibly can be before they get wind of it.”
“All right, Detective.”
“I don’t want to get ahead of myself here but it seems like we might be able to take out two birds with one stone. The Babylon killer and Watchdog, all in one fell swoop,” Beautyman said.
Upright bristled noticeably. “I’m starting to think that ordering you to go on that show was a bad idea, Detective. I don’t want to hear another word about Watchdog. Get your shooting done and then get back to work. Your job is to bring in the killer, not punish a TV show for embarrassing you.”

Watt left the office to go back to Pacific Palisades while Beautyman and Fleet met in his office.
“I know I didn’t have a chance to talk to you before I talked to the Sheriff, Jackie, but I was impressed with you work and I thought you could be a real asset.”
“While we’re in the office, would you mind calling me Fleet or Officer? It’s one step from Jackie to Tootsie.”
Beautyman looked startled. “I’m sorry, I didn’t realize I’d crossed a boundary. I thought we were becoming friends.”
“We were. But now you’ve pulled me onto an incredibly high-profile case that I’m poorly trained for. If it turns into a clusterfuck, I don’t want to be the one left holding the bag.”
“I wouldn’t do that to you or to anyone, Officer.”
“It just made for a bad morning, that’s all. I’d like to keep things professional now that I’m actually working for you, sir.”
The ‘sir’ burned but Beautyman nodded. He had warmed to her, but she was right. Continuing anything now was asking for trouble, and reassigning her to protect his own ass was asking for enough trouble as it was.
After Fleet left for Dana Point, Beautyman began work on Raphael. He gave it up a few hours into the day. On the one hand, he felt he was likely to be much more successful doing that research at home, on his own time with his own resources. But his mind kept wandering, too, and he would find he’d been thinking once again about the clinic.
He eventually decided that his brain was trying to tell him something important. Beautyman went back to the clinic in the late afternoon.
He approached the nurse’s station and saw a new woman on shift.
“Is Doctor Ramirez available?” He asked, showing his badge.
She paged Ramirez over the loudspeaker and Beautyman waited for only a few seconds before the Doctor came around the corner.
“I thought I’d gotten rid of you,” Ramirez said. He gave a file to the nurse and waved Beautyman back. “Let’s go back to my office.”
Beautyman was seated on the far side of the desk again. Ramirez looked even wearier than he had been that morning. But he was still sharp.
“Is it reasonable to guess that the name you were looking for was on the list?” Ramirez asked.
“It was.”
“Should I be worried that I have the Babylon killer on my staff?”
“Did you know that most serial killers work in the medical field?” Beautyman asked in return. “They start to play with people’s lives just a little too much and then start killing. It can sometimes take years for authorities to realize what’s happening.”
Ramirez was fidgeting in his seat and Beautyman took mercy on him. “I’m interested in the drugs, Doctor. If we actually thought you had a serial killer working here, we would be taking a very different approach, I promise you. But I think the drugs are coming from here, and I want to figure out how.”
“Are you trying to scare me, Detective? By trying to make me think my colleagues are murderers?”
“I’m not telling you anything you don’t know, Doctor. You have procedures in place for this very reason. You don’t want doctors accidentally—or maliciously—killing patients. And it’s why you keep the drugs under lock and key, because it’s not just the patients you’re worried about, it’s the doctors too.”
“There have certainly been cases of doctors prescribing painkillers in exchange for money or sex. But we’ve had two only incidents here in the last twelve years and took immediate action in both cases. When your primary clients are homeless or chemically addicted, it’s important to make sure that you don’t have anyone undoing everything you’re working for,” Ramirez said, growing more passionate. “But we’re talking about Propofol here, a drug with no hallucinogenic properties. It’s an anesthetic and a sedative. We don’t prescribe it, so it stays in house at all times.”
“I understand, Doctor. But I still believe it’s coming from here. If you were going to steal Propofol, how would you do it?”
Ramirez sat quietly for a bit before saying, “This isn’t one of those tricks, right? Where once I volunteer an idea you’re going to arrest me as the Babylon killer?”
“Are you the Babylon killer?”
“No.”
“Then you’re fine. How would you get the drug out of here?”
Ramirez exhaled. “Well, I guess the key is making sure the inventory is never off. We know how much should be on the shelf at any given time. But I checked after you left this morning. We haven’t had a discrepancy with the Propofol in 2 years.”
“Really? Not a single one? Not once has there been a slip-up in paperwork or anything that would have caused a discrepancy? Can you say that about the other drugs?”
 Ramirez was intense as he looked beyond Beautyman to the upper reaches of the far wall. “I think I see what you’re getting at, Detective.”
“Your security sounded good to me this morning, Doctor. And so I started to think about how I would sneak Propofol out of this place. And it seemed to me that the easiest way is to fill the vial with another substance that looks similar and replace it on the shelf so that there’s never a discrepancy during your inventory.”
“What would you fill it with?” Ramirez asked.
“You tell me. Because now you have a syringe or a vial whose contents are going to be injected into a patient. So it’s either going to kill them, which would start to raise some suspicions, or it’s going to produce no effect.”
“It’s not entirely unheard of, that an anesthetic wouldn’t have an effect,” Ramirez said, “Although it’s rare.”
“But maybe it’s not rare here. Maybe it happens … oh, once every two months.”
“If that’s true, how will that help us find who’s taking it?” Ramirez asked.
“If it were me, I’d try to be the one administering the drug as often as possible. If it happened enough to someone else on staff, they’d be bound to get suspicious.”
“This is going to take a lot of research, Detective,” Ramirez said, rising. “Do you want your men to come in or should I have some staff start going through it.”
“I’m not willing to risk spooking anyone just yet. It’ll have to be your staff.”
“And you still won’t tell me who you suspect? What if I assign that person to the case?”
Beautyman smiled. “Just keep it out of the hands of your volunteers and you’ll be fine. Call me when you’ve gone through the last year and let me know what you’ve found. If there’s any reason to keep going I’ll send in the troops. Good luck, Doctor Ramirez.”

That night, Beautyman put off any spelunking online. He went hunting when he didn’t have a lead. Now he felt like the net was closing. He went to bed early, not too long after eight, and set his alarm to wake up at five in the morning so he could read the over the script that Watchdog had delivered.
His cell phone woke him just after 1:00. It was becoming a normal occurrence. Remembering his mother’s call the night before, Beautyman checked the number. It looked familiar, but he couldn’t place it.
“Beautyman,” he answered, flipping the phone open.
There was a short pause, and Beautyman could hear the soft intake of breath.
“Hello?” He asked.
“Well, this certainly is a day for surprises. I’ll tell you, out of all the people who I might have guessed would answer when I dialed this random number on my wife’s cell phone, you were probably the last. Good night, Arthur. See you in the morning.”
With that, Greg Raphael hung up.

Chapter 12
Beautyman got very little sleep after his late night call. He watched his alarm work its way to 5:00 am and then silenced it after a single bleat.
Beautyman stayed in bed but reached to the floor and found the FedEx envelope containing his script for the day. He pulled the thin band of cardboard away and opened it.
It didn’t take long to read the few pages contained in the envelope, and by the time he finished he was fully awake. “Oh, you’ve got to be fucking kidding me.” He tossed the pages to the floor and hurried out of bed.

He arrived at the Watchdog studio at 8:00, a half hour before his call.
“Excuse me, is Sandy Ewson here?” Beautyman asked.
“Do you have an appointment, sir?” The receptionist asked.
He brought his badge out. “It’s very important that I speak to him.”
Ewson was in and Beautyman was shown to his office immediately.
“You’re lucky to catch me in, Detective. I thought I would still be in New York,” Ewson said, rising from behind his wide desk. “What can I do for you?”
“I want to talk about the joke of a script that arrived at my door yesterday,” Beautyman said, raising the envelope.
“Really? When I heard you were flashing your badge all over the lobby I figured it was for something actually important. But you just want to go over script changes? Is that allowed? When I have a question about a parking ticket can I barge into your office?” Ewson asked. He sat down in a brown leather chair and smiled up at the detective.
Ewson was toying with him, but he was also making a valid point. Beautyman could feel himself getting wound up already. He was operating on little sleep, he was worried about what Raphael had said—or done—to Judith after the phone call, and now he was trying to deal with a shit script from a shit producer whose only goal was smearing shit all over television.
He paused and tried to regroup. “May I sit, Mr. Ewson?” I may as well get some sort of invitation on the record, Beautyman thought.
“Now that you’re here, by all means.”
Beautyman sat in a matching chair and faced Ewson. It was a lounging area of Ewson’s enormous office, built for quiet conversations. A gas fireplace that Beautyman doubted was ever turned on filled the space out. Above it was an oil painting of Robert Stack, the host of Unsolved Mysteries.
“I hope you will accept my apologies for entering with … ”
“With your badge drawn?”
“So to speak.”
“Now tell me, what’s your problem with the script, Detective?”
Beautyman pulled the pages out of the envelope and put them on the small table between the two men. “It’s wrong. There are about a million errors in there.”
“Surely, Detective, you know that when we show a dramatization, it’s expected that we add a little … well, drama. We’re comfortable adding a bit of flair when it doesn’t affect the public’s perception of the crime or in some way make it less likely that the criminal is brought to justice.”
“The script calls for me to investigate Chandra Pal’s apartment—”
“You had just taken over the investigation at that time, correct?”
“Yes, but—”
“And I’m assuming that after you found her body in the alley, you did search through her apartment, isn’t that correct?”
“Yes, but—”
“It seems like that has a lot of importance, don’t you think?” Ewson continued, hardly allowing Beautyman’s retorts to register.
“But it calls for the Babylon killer to be watching me from the closet while I’m investigating! Do you really think people will believe that we somehow missed that the killer was in the closet?” Beautyman exclaimed.
“So you don’t think he was in the closet?”
Beautyman glowered. “It is absolutely crazy to suggest that of the twenty or more officers who went through that apartment that none of them checked the closet.”
“Did you?” Ewson asked. “Maybe everyone thought that someone else had checked.”
Beautyman started to rise and Ewson put up his hands, “It was a joke, Detective! Just a joke. Let’s not add police brutality to the list of peccadilloes you’ve been accumulating this morning.
“Here’s what I can do,” he continued, stopping another interruption from Beautyman. “The writers felt, as I do, that it’s just not that interesting if the investigating detective and the killer never interact. There’s no drama in that.”
“And this was the best they could come up with?”
“How would you write it, Detective?”
How about I give the killer a ride home after he’s murdered another victim? Beautyman thought bitterly. Instead he said, “What if it were outdoors? Maybe he was hiding around a corner when I was investigating Chandra Pal’s body in the alley. At least we wouldn’t come off looking totally incompetent that way.”

Three and half hours later, and two hours after they were supposed to have begun, Beautyman found himself on a studio’s back lot that was supposed to approximate the alley where they had found Chandra Pal. He had apparently underestimated the resourcefulness of a producer who could both flatter and backstab at the same time. Considering the cost involved in relocating the scene and Ewson’s willingness to do it, Beautyman wondered whether it was possible that the writers had been directed to pique him by writing something as absurd as the killer watching in the closet.
But Watchdog was getting another benefit from the change. Beautyman overheard Ewson on the phone directing someone to describe the episode as produced “in consultation with the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department.” Beautyman wasn’t very happy about that. It gave too much validity to Watchdog—much like his own appearance would, really—but it seemed better than the alternative: allowing them to make him look like a fool to the viewing public.
This was going to be a bad day.

Beautyman was on set, standing still as he waited for a young Hollywood wannabe to finish outfitting him with a wireless microphone—the boom mic just wasn’t going to work for the long shot, he was told. From across the set, he heard his name and saw the director coming to greet him.
“Hal Honeycutt,” the man said, extending his hand. “This your first time acting?”
“It is, yes.”
“Well, here’s what’s going to happen. We’re going to start by getting a few shots of you walking onto the crime scene. There will be a few extras dressed as cops standing around and you’ll pass by them and arrive here at the body. We’ll do a few takes of that to make sure that we get it right before we move on to the next scene.
“For that, we’re going to have you bend down and crouch next to the body—we couldn’t get the actress who played this victim on such short notice, so it’ll be an extra covered by a sheet. You’ll lift up the sheet, look at her for a moment, and then rise and look out toward the horizon and say, ‘Who are you? Where you are you?’”
“That’s it? ‘Who are you? Where are you?’ That’s all I say? There were a lot more lines in yesterday’s script.”
“Well, that’s all you say in this shot. We get the rest on the next set up.”
“Where will Raphael be? Which corner is he watching me from?”
“Don’t worry about it now, he’s in some later shots. You know Greg already?” Honeycutt asked.
“I’ve seen his work,” Beautyman said as dryly as he could muster.
“He’s a great actor,” Honeycutt said. “I’ll tell you, he scares the pants off me when he gets into character.”
“Likewise.”
“Hey,” Honeycutt said, looking over Beautyman’s shoulder. “Speak of the devil.”
“And he shall appear,” Raphael finished, coming up to Beautyman and resting his hand on his shoulder.
“Watch the mic!” the young kid said, before looking up and seeing who had brushed it. “Sir,” he finished.
“We were just talking about your work,” Beautyman said, meeting Raphael’s eye.
“I seem to be the subject of a lot of your conversations recently, Arthur,” Raphael said. “Are you going to be my first crazed fan? All the stars seem to have them, I’m rather looking forward to seeing what it’s like.”
Beautyman thought he saw a mischievous glint in his eye. How much did he suspect?
“It’s strictly professional, I assure you,” Beautyman answered.
Honeycutt looked at Beautyman, confused. “Professional?”
Beautyman wondered if he had tipped his hand too far. “I was hoping he’d agree to be my acting coach today.”
Honeycutt laughed. Someone called him away and he added over his shoulder, “We’ll do the first shot in just a few minutes, Detective.”
Beautyman turned back and looked at Raphael, who was still wearing a bemused smile on his lips. “Anything funny, Mr. Raphael?”
“You’re very polite, Arthur. It becomes you, I suppose. But sometimes it’s nice to be direct, don’t you think? Like when I ask you why you called my wife and then hung up after two seconds, I’d like a direct answer.”
“Mr. Raphael, that is a question I would love to answer directly. Just like if I ask you why it was so important for you to call a number you didn’t recognize on your wife’s phone at one in the morning. But unfortunately for both of us, we’re standing in the middle of a film set and I’m wired for sound. So maybe that’s a conversation that should wait until later.”
Raphael’s eyes flashed to the microphone hidden in the fold of Beautyman’s jacket lapel and he smiled his mischievous grin. “I don’t think you’re in need of any acting lessons, Arthur. Your sense of theatrics is already quite good.”

Beautyman found no problem with the first fifteen minutes of shooting. It was boring—that was about the worst and the best that he could say about it. But otherwise, he just spent his time walking back and forth under police tape. He got more comfortable with it as he went, and started nodding to the extras playing police offices as he passed them.
And people got paid for this?
It was only once they started filming him on the crime scene that he ran into trouble and Honeycutt kept having to yell, “Cut!” and then give him new instructions. First he was too wooden when he approached the body, it didn’t look real. Then he lifted the sheet too far above the victim’s head and revealed the stand-in’s face. Then he accidentally kicked the body under the sheet and the woman yelped.
 Then the ultimate disaster: actually having to say the line. It shouldn’t have fazed him like it did. A lot of his job was role-playing. He could try on personalities and poses with the best of them. He could tell when he needed to be a father figure and when he needed to grovel a bit; when he should be the good friend looking out for a suspect or cool and distant like a judge; and when he was a hot-shot cop on a hunch or a methodical Sherlock Holmes.
Raphael was right. Beautyman had a sense of theatrics.
But the cameras seemed to spook him.
He tried to tell himself it was the bad writing. “Who are you? Where are you?” What kind of crap was that? Good or bad, it was like mush in his mouth.
After five awful attempts, Honeycutt took his headphones off and said, “All right, Detective, you need to get into character.”
“I am in character,” Beautyman answered. “I’m me.”
“What do you want right now? In this scene?”
“To find out who the killer is. To find out where he is.” Clearly that was the best reason to ask, “Who are you? Where are you?” right?
“But why do you want to know that?” Honeycutt coaxed.
“Because it’s my job,” Beautyman ventured.
“No, more than just your job. What would this mean to you, you personally, Arthur Beautyman?”
“I’m not sure I understand the question.”
“All right, this isn’t working. Find me Greg!” Honeycutt called over his shoulder. “You’re going to get your wish, Detective. Greg Raphael is going to give you a crash course in acting.”
A hard pit formed in Beautyman’s stomach and prevented him from telling Honeycutt that he didn’t need any help. And then Raphael was suddenly at Honeycutt’s side, looking thoughtful and engaged in what the director had to say.
“Okay,” Honeycutt said, “I want this scene to crackle with anticipation. I want to be able to feel how badly you want to catch the killer. How important it is to you. Greg here is a pro at getting into character. Just focus on him and try to ignore all of us behind the camera, okay? Greg, just a couple minutes of your time. See if you can take him through this, would ya? Good luck, Detective.”
He left Beautyman and Raphael staring at each other, each of them feeling very much aware of the camera pointed at them, the bright lights, the microphones, and the many, many people—witnesses, Beautyman thought—who comprised the film set.
“So, Arthur, the way to start is to establish the motivation of your character,” Raphael began. He was so nonchalant about it that Beautyman wondered if he was actually in earnest. Maybe Raphael really didn’t think Beautyman was on to him. As far as that goes, maybe he wasn’t even the killer? Maybe this is all in your head. That thought didn’t last for more than a second. Raphael was clearly relishing every second of this.
Beautyman, now in familiar territory, finally got into character.
“I’m looking for the son of a bitch killing people in L.A. And not just any people, the best people.”
“Great! Perfect. And what kind of emotions go with that?”
“Anger.”
“All right, anger. And what’s your obstacle?”
“My obstacle?”
“Well, we need some conflict here, right? So we know what you want and we know how it makes you feel. But what’s preventing you? That you can’t find him, right?”
“That he could be anywhere. That he might be standing right in front of me,” Beautyman answered evenly.
“And yet you still can’t get him. I see. And how does that make you feel? Frustrated? Inadequate? Like you’ve been working on this case for more than a year and you haven’t got anything to show for it?”
“I don’t know. Tell me how you get into character, maybe that will help.”
“Arthur, we’re working on you right now.”
“No, really. Give me a peek behind the curtain of a professional actor. What’s your motivation? What’s the ‘back story’ of the Babylon killer?” Beautyman really popped his b’s and hoped that Raphael knew that he was mocking him.
“All right ... if it helps you.” Raphael closed his eyes and took a deep breath. “What’s my motivation? Okay … I’m looking to get to the top. It’s a corrupt, evil world filled with hypocrites, and I’m trying to be the most hypocritical, the most corrupt. I want to embody pure evil … to be the Whore of Babylon. Because that’s the only way to make it any more. The world only rewards one thing, and the closer you get to it, the more rewards you’ll take.”
“So you know it’s evil, but you … your character—chooses to do it anyway,” Beautyman said, glancing over toward Honeycutt, who was focused on something his assistant was saying.
“Of course. You spend your life trying to do good, to volunteer and to make a difference. And then you see how shitty things still are and you eventually just throw your hands in the air and say, ‘I give!’ Because the weight of the problems are just too great. Maybe you try to pick yourself up out of that kind of depression but you won’t do it more than two or three times before it’s just too hard. The fight has left you. Hope has left you. And you begin to despair.
“And then there’s a revelation. That all the time we spent trying to make the world better didn’t do us any good. Maybe it’s time to see how things look from the other side. So you make the choice—the conscious decision to see where absolute evil can take you.” Raphael smiled and looked around the film set. “And look what rewards it brings! Your greatest dreams come true, your every fantasy fulfilled.”
Beautyman’s face was hard. He wished he were carrying his piece. He had never killed a man, never even fired a shot outside the range. But he could imagine himself raising a gun to Raphael’s head and putting a bullet in it right now, consequences be damned. Instead he asked, tight-lipped, “And what kind of emotions go with that?”
Raphael smiled again, nearly laughing, “Exultation? Wonder? Peace, calm, a connection to the eternal and the infinite and that which is beyond so many people in this world. It brings absolute joy!”
“And your obstacle?”
“Ah, well, as the killer, that part is pretty easy. I want to be able to keep doing it, and the long arm of the law wants to stop me.”
“So me, then? I’m your obstacle?”
“Arthur, I’m nine victims up and you’ve still got nothing. No offense, but an obstacle you’re not.”
“Hey, that’s harsh, Greg! No commentary!” Honeycutt called from the sidelines. Beautyman and Raphael both jumped and turned their attention toward the director. They’d forgotten he—or anyone else on set for that matter—was even there.
“Just trying to stay in character, Hal!” Raphael called.
“I’m more concerned with the good detective, Greg.”
“He just needs the proper motivation,” Raphael said, turning back. “Something to get the anger boiling inside—it was anger you said you felt, right, Arthur?”
“Oh yeah.”
“Well, hurry it up. We want to finish rolling,” Honeycutt said, before turning his attention away again.
“It’s not just the law you’re worried about, though. It’s the families of the victims, the people who might want to take matters in to their own hands. You’ve got to watch your back,” Beautyman said.
“That’s just a matter of not getting found out, Arthur. Of being careful and exercising patience. I wouldn’t call that an obstacle at all.”
“And what if someone close to you starts to suspect? Does your wife poison your morning coffee when she realizes what you do?”
Raphael grinned wide and laughed. “Arthur, you crack me up. You should have realized by now—Judith is an absolute saint.”

Chapter 13
“You wouldn’t,” Beautyman hissed. “There’s no way you’d get away with it.”
Raphael winked and called out, “He’s in character now, Hal! Wait till you see the intensity on this man’s face. I smell an Emmy.”

Beautyman finished the shot in three takes. He grabbed a cup of coffee from the cart while Honeycutt got some shots of Raphael milling in a crowd of extras. In a few minutes he was scheduled to step back into the mock crime scene so that they could shoot over Raphael’s shoulder and still get him in the frame. Beautyman would look out over the crowd, surveying it, looking for his killer. They’d do some close-ups where Beautyman and Raphael stare each other down, and Beautyman would murmur to himself “I wonder …” and turn away.
It was a highly unlikely scenario, to say the least.
When they had found Chandra Pal’s body, Beautyman had an officer discreetly photograph the crowd that had gathered. When he showed the photographs to the two children who had seen the mystery man with Chandra Pal, neither saw a match. They photographed the spectators on the outside of the police tape at every crime scene since then, looking for anyone whose face appeared at multiple scenes. But there were no matches.
If there was anything that Beautyman felt confident about, it was that the Babylon killer didn’t come back to the scene of the crime. The FBI presented Beautyman with reports on the psychology of a killer who didn’t feel the need to revisit the scene of the crime with police present, which was uninteresting and unhelpful.
But that’s because he didn’t need to revisit it, Beautyman thought bitterly. He got to re-enact it for the cameras later.
The more he thought about it, the angrier he got.
He thought about Judith. Judith, the absolute saint. Judith, who was beautiful and good at heart. Judith who was married to a psychotic killer.
Beautyman pulled his cell phone out of his pocket and turned it on. Had Raphael been threatening his wife? It didn’t make sense. If that’s what he was actually doing, it was beyond stupid to hint at it to Beautyman.
What had she told Raphael after he hung up on Beautyman the night before? When he asked her what Beautyman had wanted, did she feign ignorance or make something up? Maybe she had let the cat out of the bag and told him that Beautyman was on to him. Or maybe Raphael still thought it was a two-second call that Judith didn’t know anything about; after all, she hadn’t picked up.
His phone powered up, Beautyman found her number in his recent calls and dialed, praying that she would answer.
The phone rang four times, and Beautyman suddenly dreaded that Raphael had already carried out his veiled threat and dispatched his wife. How could you not take action last night? Beautyman’s conscience cried. You might have saved her!
But she was there.
“Hello?” she asked.
“Mrs. Raphael, this is Arthur Beautyman.”
“He called you, didn’t he?” she cried.
“Did he ask you about it?”
“No, I saw that a call had been made when I woke up this morning. Did he talk to you? Does he know we spoke?”
“All he knows is that I called your number for two seconds and then hung up. That’s it. You’re sure he didn’t ask you about it or mention it in any way?”
“He just said he had some more shooting for Watchdog today. Do you think that could be a lie? Do you think he’s really coming after you?” Her voice rose again and she was starting to speak more quickly.
“He does have shooting today, Mrs. Raphael. I’m on set with him as we speak.”
Judith quieted and it was as if Beautyman could hear her brain whirring as she thought. She was quiet when she finally spoke. “It’s him, isn’t it?”
“Mrs. Raphael—”
“You weren’t sure yesterday, but something’s changed.”
“You know I can’t say,” Beautyman said, but it came out so hollow it was as if he had told her. “I want to put that aside for the moment. I’m worried about you now.”
“Me?”
“I’m worried that …”
“Detective, that’s crazy, I—”
“Mrs. Raphael, I don’t know what else to say. But I have suspicions and I know that you’re sleeping in the same bed as … as a prime suspect. And I realized something else today, too.”
“What?” She mumbled.
“You’re a modern saint. It’s something you have in common with the victims.” Beautyman could hear her crying and he waited, hoping to be as gentle as he could. “I don’t have enough right now, Mrs. Raphael. I can’t make anything stick. But if something happens to you before I get my ducks in a row … well, I need your help to make sure that doesn’t happen.”
She blew her nose and spoke back into the phone. “What do you need?”
“I have good reason to be concerned for your safety. And if you agree with me, all you have to do is tell me, and I can whisk him away for 24 hours.”
“And what if you don’t get the evidence you need within 24 hours? Then he comes home to me?”
“I will be working like mad to make sure that doesn’t happen. But it’s still got to be your call.”
Judith was crying hard now. But Beautyman could still make out her words. “All right. Then do it. Do what you need to do.”

Beautyman snapped his phone closed and looked up at the set in front of him, his eyes ablaze with cool anticipation.
He strode toward the set and lifted the yellow police tape. Faux crime scene or not, this was his world now.
From behind him, he heard Honeycutt yell, “Cut! Cut! Detective, what the hell are you doing? You’re in my shot!”
Beautyman wasn’t paying attention. His attention was squarely on Raphael, who was still in the crowd of extras.
“Mr. Raphael!” Beautyman called.
Nothing happened, and Raphael stayed two deep in the crowd of onlookers, patiently smiling at Beautyman.
“Mr. Raphael, I see you in the crowd there!”
Raphael came to the yellow tape, that damned ironic smile on his face. “Rewriting the scene, Detective? Want to see what it’s like to pull the killer out of the crowd?”
“Get in here,” Beautyman directed.
Raphael ducked under the tape and the faux crime scene suddenly felt to Beautyman like a boxing ring. But in this match one boxer had a set of carbon steel handcuffs at his waist. Beautyman pulled them out and held them up for Raphael—and everyone—to see. The hot movie lights glinted off them and Beautyman remembered once again where he was. He heard Honeycutt tell an assistant, “Go get Sandy,” and he wondered briefly if they’d turned the camera back on.
“Mr. Raphael, I am detaining you for a duration of no more than 24 hours, at which point you will be released if no charges have been brought forward. This is not an arrest, but rather you are being placed in a custodial situation. In these circumstances, I am obligated to read you your rights.
“You have the right to remain silent,” Beautyman said, stepping forward. Raphael had not lost his smile and he held his arms up.
“Anything you say can and will be used against you in a court of law.” Beautyman clapped the cuffs on.
“You have the right to have an attorney present during questioning. If you cannot afford an attorney, one will be appointed for you.” Beautyman looked around at the baffled extras. They seemed unsure whether this was part of filming.
“Do you understand the rights I have just read to you?” Beautyman asked.
“I do.”
“With these rights in mind, do you wish to speak to me?”
“I do.”
“And what would you like to say, Mr. Raphael?”
“I think you’re a tired, lonely detective who is frustrated by his failure to find the Babylon killer and doesn’t yet know what an incredibly stupid mistake you’ve just made.”
Beautyman leaned in and whispered, “And I think you’re a sadistic lunatic who is just now realizing that his murdering days are over. But we’ll leave that for the judge.”
He yanked on Raphael’s shoulder and began the long trek back to the Sheriff’s Department.

Chapter 14
“How is this anything other than a colossal fuck up, Arthur?” Upright hollered. “As far as I can tell, you’ve tipped your hand to the prime suspect, made a spectacle of it in front of Sandy Ewson and all those Watchdog idiots with the cameras running, and we only get to hold him for 24 hours because instead of arresting him for the Babylon murders, as you’d like to, you’re trying to stick him with a bogus domestic violence charge.”
“With all due respect, sir, Raphael threatened his wife in my presence. I called her and she requested he be detained. It’s not bogus.”
“You say he threatened her, he’ll say he was in character, am I right? I hate these ‘you had to be there stories,’ Detective. They don’t get us anywhere. His lawyer is going to have a field day with it.”
“Raphael hasn’t requested his lawyer, sir.”
“No?”
“He said he doesn’t need one. He’s innocent.”
“Cocky son of a bitch. Maybe he did do it. He knows what we’re trying to pin him with … Seems like only the killer would be smug enough nowadays to think he doesn’t need a lawyer.”
“I agree, sir.”
“So what’s the plan? 24, no 23 hours, to find enough evidence against him to arrest him properly for the Babylon murders? Please tell me you have something more than that.”
“Maybe he’ll confess, sir.”
“Well, he’s not going to confess with you standing in here. Get to it.”
Beautyman ducked out and found Watt and Fleet waiting for him outside the door.
“What did he say?” Watt asked, falling into step with Beautyman. Fleet came after him.
“Pretty much what you’d expect. Was this a colossal screw up on my part, Watt?”
“I can’t say it made things any easier on us.”
“Fleet?”
“I’ve got no comment, sir.” She wouldn’t meet his eye.
“I know this was jumping the gun. But if he killed his wife because we didn’t have our case built yet …”
“Yes, sir.”
Beautyman glanced at her. “You don’t think he threatened her?”
“I wasn’t there, sir. You had to make the call.”
“Yeah, yeah, you had to be there, I know … I know you’re both pissed as hell and I’m sorry.” Beautyman arrived at the door to the interrogation room. “Keep an eye on us. I’m going in.”

Raphael was sitting alone in the room. There was a large bottle of water on the table in front of him. When Beautyman opened the door, Raphael smiled up at him from behind the table. “So are you the good cop or the bad cop, Arthur?”
“The only cop, I’m afraid.” Beautyman sat down across the table from Raphael. “I want to take this opportunity to let you know once more for the record that you have been placed in a custodial situation. You are not under arrest. We call it a 24-hour cooling off period. It’s common in cases when we have a domestic violence call.”
“Is that why I’m in here? Domestic violence? I had a feeling it was something else.”
“I feel it’s important at this time for me to remind you that even though you are not under arrest, you still have the right to remain silent and you have the right to a lawyer present if you choose. Those rights extend to any discussion that we may have whether we are talking about jay walking, domestic abuse, the Babylon murders, or the assassination of JFK. Do you understand these rights?”
“Fully. And I waive all of them.”
“With that settled, I have some questions for you.”
“I’m all ears, Arthur,” Raphael said, leaning back and locking his fingers behind his head.
“First, I would appreciate it if you called me ‘Detective,’ Mr. Raphael.”
“All right. Give it your best shot, Detective.”
“Sunday night, you were detained in Santa Monica. Is that correct?”
“It is.”
“What were you doing there in the middle of the night without your car?”
“I was out on the beach, thinking.”
“And where was your car at the time?”
“Parked on a side street in Santa Monica.”
“Why did you not have me take you to your car that morning but instead asked me to take you home?”
“My home was closer to the station than my car. I thought I would save you the hassle.”
“What were you thinking about?”
“On the beach?”
“Yes, you said you went there to think. About what?”
“My wife. We’ve been having some arguments recently.”
“Arguments about what exactly?”
Raphael shrugged. “Arguments about money, careers, us. With the attention I’ve started to get from Watchdog and some of my other projects … it’s hard on a couple.”
“Were you in Pacific Palisades that night?”
“I was not.”
“Have you ever been to St. Anthony’s Church in Pacific Palisades?”
“I have not.”
“Did you murder Fr. Alan Yeager?”
“You don’t beat around the bush much, do you, Detective? I did not kill the priest.”
“But you don’t have an alibi for where you were at the time of the murder.”
“I told you exactly where I was. Isn’t that an alibi?”
“Can anyone back that up?”
“The arresting officer saw me in Santa Monica. Whoever tipped him off saw me in Santa Monica. That’s two people who can testify that I was there,” said Raphael, who—judging by his smile—evidently thought it was a coy answer.
“But no one who can testify that you were there before that, I take it.”
“I passed some people on the street, but I wasn’t soliciting them to be witnesses.”
“So you were there thinking about your wife?” Beautyman asked, changing topics again.
“You don’t follow any line of thought very directly, do you, Detective?”
“Just answer the question, please.”
“Yes, I was thinking about my wife.”
“Do you love your wife, Mr. Raphael?”
“I do, yes.”
“Does she love you?”
“She does.”
“But things have been hard recently.”
“That’s right.”
“Would it surprise you to know that it was at her request that you are being detained for 24 hours today?”
“That would surprise me, yes.”
“You didn’t think things were that hard, then?”
“Hard enough that she thinks I might hurt her? Absolutely not. And if it’s because I’m playing this part on Watchdog, it’s not worth it. I’d walk away from that in a heartbeat if it means the end of our marriage.”
“But you did threaten her, didn’t you?”
“I’m sorry, but when did I do that?”
“Just today. You threatened her. You indicated that to me.”
“And how exactly did I do that, Detective?”
“How did you threaten her, you mean?”
“That’s right.”
“You called her a saint.”
Raphael cocked his head to the side and smiled. “Maybe I’m not following, Detective. How is that a threat?”
“Well, when a saint killer calls someone a saint, I tend to pay attention.”
“A saint killer, is that what I am?”
“You don’t seem surprised that you’re being questioned as a possible suspect in the Babylon murders.”
“Not really. It’s like I’ve been typecast, but in reverse. I think of you like a producer who’s just looking for that perfect person to fill a role. You know what you’re looking for, and you found someone who looks like him and even pretends to be him on a TV show. So you just latch on to me, you know? I just think you got a little confused, that’s all.”
“Confused?”
“Caught up in your first day on the set and all. Maybe feeling a little star-struck even. Maybe you even temporarily lost the ability to tell the difference between real life and a television show.”
“That’s a nice piece of pop psychology, Mr. Raphael, but it’s not going to fly. I’m curious, what do you know about Julia Lopez?”
“She was the teenager?”
“That’s right. The victim before the priest.”
“I don’t know anything other than what they gave me on the script.”
“But that’s a lie, Mr. Raphael. I have two people—the actress playing Julia Lopez and the make-up artist—on the set who can testify to that. You knew that Julia Lopez had had an allergic reaction to the drug she had been given. How did you know that?”
For the first time, Raphael didn’t have a ready-made answer. And Beautyman thought he suddenly looked nervous, too. He had finally landed a blow.
“Ah … I think I read it somewhere.”
“But it wasn’t reported anywhere, Mr. Raphael, we checked. No one knew that information except for a few select people … and the killer, of course, who saw the rash on her arms.”
“I, uh—”
Raphael was saved from answering by a loud clatter on the doorknob. Beautyman turned in his chair and saw that the interloper was Watt, who was striding into the room with a force that Beautyman rarely saw.
Watt kept moving as he said, “Don’t say another word, sir. He’s wired. Watchdog is televising the audio of this conversation. Live.” Watt suddenly loomed over Raphael. “Please stand up, sir.”
Raphael rose and held out his arms as Watt began a quick frisk.
“You won’t find anything, Officer, because I’m not the one with the mic,” Raphael said. “It’s Arthur over there who was so busy arresting me that he forgot to take off his wireless microphone when he left the set. If Watchdog has a receiver within 300 feet of him, and it seems pretty clear that they do, they’ll get a crystal clear recording of everything he’s said in the last hour.”
Beautyman tucked his chin into his chest and looked down at his jacket. Watt stopped his search of Raphael and stared at him, mouth open in shock.
Sure enough, there was the small black bud, tucked away inside his lapel. Beautyman could hardly believe it. He closed his eyes and opened them, as if willing the microphone to disappear when he wasn’t looking.
Son of a bitch. Why would Watchdog need a leak when I make it this easy for them? 
Watt’s eyes met Beautyman’s and Beautyman knew that Watt was thinking the same thing. Watt was beyond pissed. More pissed than Beautyman had ever seen him. 
Raphael sat back down and smiled that same damned smile it seemed he’d been wearing all day. “If you’re listening, honey, I love you and I’ll try to be home soon!” He called toward Beautyman’s chest.
Beautyman yanked the microphone off his jacket, threw it against the wall, and stormed out of the interrogation room.

Chapter 15
This morning he’d been fighting over a script with Sandy Ewson just after 8:00 am. Now he was about to lose his job—again—and it was just after 3:00 pm.
In between he’d … well, what had he done? At 11:30, he had given his movie career a push in the wrong direction when he’d started taking acting lessons from a killer. He’d arrested that same killer an hour later. He’d been lectured by the Sheriff an hour after that. And then he’d started his fateful interview at about 2:20. Just a minute into it, Watchdog’s parent network had interrupted their daytime soaps to broadcast the interrogation on a 10 second tape delay.
It had run until 2:30 when Watt was alerted that it was being broadcast and was able to shut it down. By that point, Beautyman wished Watt had just let it run. Raphael had finally been confronted with a question he wasn’t prepared for, and any chink in his armor presented an opening for Beautyman. The viewing public hadheard 10 minutes of Raphael answering every question with ease, but when Raphael had started to squirm, it was the police who had pulled the plug.
After he’d stormed out of the room, Beautyman had gone directly to the Sheriff’s office, but Upright had hollered at him to take his wire somewhere else when Beautyman had leaned in the door. Now he sank into an uncomfortable chair outside the Sheriff’s office and tried to shut out a day of failings to just think.
He heard someone approach and stop. When he heard Fleet clear her throat, Beautyman opened his eyes. Evidently, he looked as pathetic as he felt, because she had lost a bit of her edge. “I guess you know how a snitch feels when his wire’s been discovered,” she said, sitting down next to him.
“Except he usually gets a bullet for his troubles. I’m just going to get an immediate re-assignment and then an early retirement. If I’m lucky.”
“You’re not gone yet.”
“Well, in the ten minutes I have before the Sheriff comes out here and takes care of it, is there anything we can do to fix this?”
“It seemed like you were getting somewhere there at the end.”
“I know.” Beautyman looked around, expecting another familiar face. There wasn’t one.
“Watt … wasn’t in the mood to cheer you up,” Fleet said.
“I understand. Thank you for coming.”
“Don’t thank me. I was the one stupid enough to call tails.”
Beautyman looked up at her and she managed a small grin.
“I’m going to be the fall-guy, Jackie. Your career’s not going to suffer from this. I’m going to be made to look like an absolute fool, and Barry’s going to have no other choice but to distance himself from me, and therefore from my suspect.”
“Your suspect?”
“He’ll be my albatross very soon. The Sheriff can’t have him hanging around all our necks,” Beautyman answered.
“Think the Sheriff can stomach keeping him here the full 24 hours?” Fleet asked.
“Why? What would that do?”
“We still have daylight. Maybe we could turn something up before we have to release him. It’s a long shot, but … ”
Just then Upright threw open his door. Beautyman and Fleet were both on their feet by the time Upright was through it.
“That was a dumb fuck mistake that may have cost us everything, Arthur, and the press is eating it up.”
“Yes, sir.”
“I’m scheduling a press conference and you know they’re going to be coming after my head. Is there any reason you can give me why I shouldn’t give them yours?”
“Yes, sir.”
“And what’s that?”
“I have the Babylon killer in custody.” Beautyman didn’t feel confident, but Fleet’s pep-talk had actually brought him back from the edge of despair.
“You just can’t fucking make it stick!” Upright exclaimed.
“Not yet, sir.”
Upright turned away. When he turned back he was looking at Beautyman carefully. “But I think you’re right. He smells like our guy.”
“I believe he is, sir,” Beautyman said.
“At the press conference ... I’m going to tell them that in situations where we feel there is a threat of domestic violence, that once we hold someone in custody we can not release them until the 24 hours have elapsed. My hands are tied.”
“Is that true?” Fleet asked.
“It’s true today, and that’s all you should care about. Find something on this guy. You two and Watt are working all night until we have enough to charge him. Otherwise, Arthur, I won’t be able to do anything to save you,” Upright said. He grimaced, nodded—which looked to Beautyman a lot like his version of an apology—and walked back into his office.
Although it might have slowed them down, Beautyman, Watt, and Fleet started with what they knew so far. Was it possible that they had enough evidence to arrest Raphael right now and hope they could fill the blanks in later?
By 5:30, and after a phone call to the prosecutor’s office, they closed the door on that idea. There just wasn’t enough to make an arrest that wasn’t going to backfire on them later. The prosecutor, who had not been impressed with Beautyman’s recorded interrogation, was particularly adamant. “If you can’t find anything as solid as a video of this guy killing one of his victims, I’m not interested. A half-drunk defense lawyer could get most of the evidence thrown out just on the basis of your antics today.”
Which left what exactly?
Beautyman called Dr. Ramirez, who apologized but said they were nowhere near complete with the survey of Propofol usage. Beautyman wondered if Ramirez had seen Raphael’s name on the news and knew that he was looking into Judith, his star volunteer, and was stalling him. But there was no time to deal with that now. He moved on to the next lead.
At one point, Beautyman looked up from his desk and caught Watt staring at him speculatively. Fleet was out of the room, and Beautyman knew exactly what Watt was thinking.
Beautyman shook his head. “It’s not going to happen, Watt. There’s just not enough time. It’s not a matter of finding the information. I mean, let’s face it, we know it’s him. And I can tell you for sure that there’s something out there that will incriminate him. And I can eventually find whatever it is. But in this amount of time? There’s just no way. Hacking is slow. It’s just not going to work.”

There was, of course, one piece of the Babylon murders that had yet to be fully investigated. And that was because he’d just learned about her two days before: Deidre Patrick. With nothing more promising to go on, Beautyman decided to put his energies into linking Raphael with the young woman at the marina. He wiped the giant dry-erase board clean and in big black letters wrote Raphael on one side of the board and Patrick on the other side. He turned to Fleet.
“All right, Officer, let’s get started. What have you brought back from Dana Point?”
“No direct links to Raphael that anyone can figure at this point.”
“What about Deidre Patrick herself? What did they uncover?”
“Not much to uncover. She was born and raised in Dana Point. She went to school at Dana Hills High School, a school full of wealthy parents, although she and her family were not. She was a pitcher on the softball team but didn’t have a lot of friends. In almost every interview with any of her high school classmates, they said that she had been rumored to be a lesbian, but most people discounted that if they were pressed.
“She worked through high school, mostly at the marina, but a couple side jobs.”
“What kind of jobs?” Beautyman asked over his shoulder. So far he’d written by her name Dana Hills HS, softball, gay?, and poor.
“Cash under the table, mostly for families who moored boats at the marina. Nothing out of the area so far as we could tell.”
Beautyman stepped back and looking at the diagram. He was quiet for a moment, and felt like he couldn’t focus on Deidre Patrick, his gaze continually dragging toward the left toward Raphael.
“What am I missing?” He asked.
Beautyman wasn’t expecting much of an answer, but Fleet surprised him. “You don’t have anything up there that would make Deidre Patrick a saint.”
Both Beautyman and Watt gave a start.
“Was she one?” Beautyman asked, suddenly excited. It was the kind of discrepancy he was used to pointing out. I’m off my game, Beautyman thought. And so incredibly tired.
“She seems like a pretty normal high school student, except maybe a little shy. After that, in the four short years between high school graduation and her death ... I can’t tell what else she did but go to work at the marina and visit her parents.”
“Where do they live?”
“Less than a mile away.”
“I’ve always thought people have been a little generous calling these victims saints,” Beautyman said. “They’re all do-gooders, and they’re certainly not bad people. But honest to goodness saints, not exactly. Still ...”
“At least one thing should have come up in the interviews,” Watt finished.
“Maybe she saved starfish stranded on the beach when the tide was out,” Fleet said. “Who knows? Maybe Raphael saw her do something good and that was that.”
“Or maybe he hadn’t thought up the whole Whore of Babylon persona yet,” Watt answered. “Maybe he was just trying out murder, to see what he thought, how it worked. And once he got away with it, once it was easy for him, then he got started. Closer to home and closer to his plan.”
Beautyman drummed his thumb on the table he was sitting on while he stared at the whiteboard. “Maybe. Maybe. Either way, we can’t get anything good on it now. Let’s go one out from Deidre Patrick.” He approached the board and uncapped the marker. “We’ve got a couple we know so far. The boyfriend, the boyfriend’s politician father, Deidre’s parents ... did she have any siblings?”
“None.”
“All right, so let’s start with this lot here. What do her parents do?”
“Her dad worked at the marina with her. And her mother’s a grade school teacher.”
“Another teacher,” Beautyman repeated as he wrote on the board, thinking of Chandra Pal. “It seems unlikely that Raphael would come into contact with either of them, unless he had a boat.”
Beautyman went to Raphael’s side of the board and made a dotted line away from his name to the word boat. He put a question mark and circled it. “If we can link him to a boat, this might get easier.”
“We can’t link him to a boat in a day,” Watt said.
“I just want to get a couple of these on the board, Watt. One of them is going to have to pay gold. So if contact with Deidre’s parents is unlikely, we have the boyfriend and the kid’s father. What’s his name?”
“Boyfriend is Brian Gibbs. Father and politician is Eugene Gibbs,” Fleet said.
“What kind of connection might exist there?” Beautyman asked.
“Brian was a high school student, he’s in college in New York now. The dad seems like a much better bet.”
“I agree. What’s his story? Any politics outside of the local?”
“None. Eugene Gibbs. Served on the Dana Point City Council for 14 years. President of the golf club, School Board, you get the idea. Big fish, small pond.”
“Any chance Raphael is from Dana Point?”
“He’s right across the hall if you want to go ask him,” Watt said, dropping his files on the table with a loud slap.
Beautyman turned. “Problem?”
“These are all good possibilities. But we don’t have enough time to piece them together.”
“What do you want me to do, Watt?”
Watt was silent. He looked down at his hands.
Beautyman sighed. “Even if we can’t find anything on him before he walks out of here tomorrow, this is what the two of you will be researching when I’m gone. Then you’ll have the time.”
Watt nodded. “All right. Maybe I just need a break and a Coke.”
Watt left the room, leaving Fleet and Beautyman staring at each other. Watt came back a minute later with three cans of Coke.
“So the murder happened when Brian was out of town, right? Maybe Raphael knew he was gone.” Watt said after a few sips. “Like he didn’t want him to take the blame for it?”
“Why would Raphael care if someone else took the blame?”
Watt shrugged. “He doesn’t want to get nailed for it, but I’m not sure he’d be so happy if someone else did.”
“Brian was checking out film school in New York for the weekend, and Raphael would have to be pretty close to him, not Deidre, to know that,” Beautyman said, still staring at the board. He was about to take another sip of his Coke when he paused, the can just an inch from his face. “And there’s your link.”
“Where?” Fleet and Watt asked together.
Beautyman put his pop down and went to Raphael’s name on the board. Under Raphael he wrote “Actor” and drew an arrow into the center of the whiteboard. On the other side of the board, under “Brian Gibbs – Boyfriend” he wrote “Filmmaker” and drew an arrow, connecting both sides of the board with a single flourished line and spun on his heel to face Watt.
“There’s your link,” he repeated. “A year and a half ago, Raphael hadn’t made it yet as an actor, but he had a few bit parts to his name by the time Deidre was murdered. Is it too far of a stretch to say that Raphael and Brian Gibbs could have connected through the film world?”
“How?”
“I don’t know. Career day, acting workshops, maybe Raphael came to the school’s film club. They make the connection, Raphael meets Deidre, and the rest you know.”
“It’s neat, but it’s predicated on a married man making a connection with a high school student who lives more than an hour away.”
“It’s the closest link we’ve got right now. I think it’s worth researching. If we can establish the connection, then—”
There was a knock at the door, interrupting Beautyman. A young officer opened the door and poked his head in.
“Excuse me, sir? The suspect had a request.”
Beautyman checked his phone. It was 8:30—8:30! He was running out of time. “Does he finally want a bathroom break? He’s been in there for almost six hours.”
“Actually, he requested a TV, sir. He’s going to be on tonight, I understand.”

Watchdog was due to come on at nine. Tonight’s episode was going to be watched by anyone who could get near a television set.
Apparently, that even included Gregory Raphael.
The young officer ducked out.
“He hasn’t asked for a lawyer, a bathroom break, nothing,” Beautyman muttered, leaning back against the white board. “And this is what he wants?”
“He hasn’t even asked if he could be released,” Fleet said.
“Not that we would have … What do you think?”
She shrugged. “He’s an arrogant bastard. Any chance he’d be more likely to spill something after he’s seen himself re-enact the scenes?”
“Like he’d get a high after seeing himself kill Julia Lopez again?”
“Exactly.”
“In that case, maybe we’d get something from him by withholding it. If watching the show is part of his fetish or ritual, then maybe he’d get antsy if he couldn’t see it.”
They left their brainstorming behind and stepped into the small room off the interrogation room and looked at Raphael through the one-way mirror. He was leaning back in his chair, feet up on the table, casually staring at his fingernails.
“He doesn’t look that antsy to me, sir,” Fleet said.
“Me neither,” Beautyman said. “Let’s ask the Sheriff.”
Upright was utterly practical. “Try ‘em both. Hold off on the TV until the minute before and if he doesn’t seem like he’s going to crawl up the walls, then give it to him and ask your questions afterward.”

Fleet went to find a television on wheels while Beautyman and Watt returned to the small observation room to watch Raphael while he waited.
“I hope we’re not staking our case on this,” Beautyman mused. “On whether he gets off when he watches himself on TV. We’re losing time.”
“I don’t know what kind of hard evidence we can dig up by tomorrow morning,” Watt said. “We have some good places to start, but researching some of those links is still going to take weeks.”
“I know.” Beautyman glanced at his watch. Five minutes to go before Watchdog came on, and Raphael still appeared relaxed and confident.
“This was a stupid idea,” he cursed.
Watt did not disagree. Fleet came in and let them know the TV was outside ready to go.
They watched him in silence for another two minutes before Beautyman caved. “All right. Who wants to hook it up for him?”
Fleet and Watt exchanged glances. “Your turn,” she said, and Watt left.
Beautyman and Fleet watched through the mirror as Watt opened the door and wheeled in the television, closing the door behind him. Watt knelt and started attaching the unit to the cable jack and outlet.
“Thank you, Sergeant. It is Sergeant, isn’t it? I don’t have a watch and I wasn’t sure Arthur—excuse me, Detective Beautyman was going to let me watch. I was worried he’d think I might be a pervert or something.”
Busted. Beautyman shook his head and pursed his lips together hard.
“He’s wasn’t even here to make the decision,” Watt lied. Rather convincingly, actually, Beautyman felt. “He got a call an hour or two ago and rushed out.”
Raphael turned his head and looked at the mirror, that smirk still on his face. “Oh really? A hot tip, eh?”
“I wouldn’t know, Mr. Raphael,” Watt said, pushing the power button on the television and tossing the remote to Raphael. “If you need to use the bathroom or would like a small meal or water, knock on the door and someone will be able to help you.”
With that, Watt left, and entered the observation room again.
“Nice try,” Beautyman grunted.
“I thought it might have worked.”
“He knows I’m back here watching.”
“Maybe that’s why he wanted to put the show on,” Fleet said. “Because he wanted us to see it. Like he’s rubbing it in our face.”
“I don’t know. If he did request the set to make us watch that damn show, then he’s even more calculating than I’d given him credit for. Maybe he just wants to delay us.”
Through the microphones in the interrogation room, Beautyman heard the high trumpet and drum beat that signaled the beginning of Watchdog.
The opening credits faded to host John Andre, standing by an alleyway. Beautyman quickly recognized it as the film set that he’d arrested Raphael on earlier in the day.
“Good evening,” Andre said with great solemnity, as if the viewing audience had tuned in to a state funeral. “Tonight, my friends, one of our own is a hostage. Hostage to the whims of a small man who cracked under the pressure of his own failures, incompetence, and vices.”
“Vices?” Beautyman echoed.
“They’ve never gone this far before,” Watt murmured.
“Just hours ago, with the cameras rolling,” Andre continued, “Detective Arthur Beautyman arrested a member of the Watchdog family, Gregory Raphael.”
The television footage had jumped to Beautyman clamping the cuffs on Raphael, and Beautyman felt his face flush red. He looked like he was playing it up for the cameras, which was accurate. He looked smug and superior, the same expression that had been on Raphael’s face in the interrogation room just a short time later.
What the hell happened to being humble? The cameras had gone to his head and vanity had taken hold. Vanity, vanity ... all vanity. And because of it, this killer’s going to walk free.
“It was supposed to be a simple re-enactment for the viewers. It was supposed to be a team effort between the Los Angeles County Sheriff’s Department and Watchdog. It was supposed to help us catch a dangerous killer. But for a cop on the edge, the difference between what was real and what was only a film set started to blur,” Andre concluded.
The show switched to an elderly balding man who, according to the screen, was an “eminent psychologist.”
“In cases when patients have been under a great deal of stress, particularly over long periods of time, abnormal behavior can start to occur. Alcohol and drug abuse can become common. Patients can begin to see themselves as a hero, exposing some truth or another. Symptoms of paranoia, megalomania, severe hubris, and delusions of grandeur will set in.”
Cut to John Andre, in his favorite chair with the Watchdog logo over his shoulder, “Now, what if that person suffering from such a thing were to be on a film set that was portraying events and people that he had fixated on? How would he react?”
Back to the shrink. “Well, John, the boundaries between the real world and the world of that set would collide. The patient would be confused and unable to tell the difference between what was real and what wasn’t.”
“Or in this case, between a killer and an actor simply portraying the killer,” Andre finished.
“Exactly.”
“I don’t know what’s worse, that he keeps calling me the patient or that I’ve been clinically diagnosed as delusional,” Beautyman said.
On screen, John Andre was back on the film set. “The arrest of Gregory Raphael was supposedly at the behest of his wife, one Judith Raphael. This was repeated by the L.A. County Sheriff this evening.”
Beautyman watched for the first time as the Sheriff tried to make peace with the reporters. His answers were lame and his insistence that they would hold Raphael for the 24 hours “required by the law” floated with them like a lead balloon.
“But Detective Beautyman, through his own negligence, forgot that he had been fitted for a microphone during the taping,” Andre continued. “We were able to record the conversations he had after the arrest, including the audio broadcast of his interrogation of Mr. Raphael earlier today. After consultation with our lawyers, we have determined that it is in the public’s interest to broadcast these additional tapes, and therefore we are unafraid of any lawsuits the Sheriff’s Department might want to throw at us to silence us.”
“Here now, is the L.A. County Sheriff, in his own words.”
Beautyman closed his eyes as he heard Upright’s voice, loud and clear, suggesting that Raphael was the killer because he declined legal counsel. This was worse than he’d imagined. It was a slaughter.
Another talking head appeared on the show. This time it was someone labeled a “legal expert.” “There are of course, numerous problems with a statement like this from the Sheriff. He’s bought into the claims of a junior employee, who himself has prejudged the case on very little evidence and is now trying to make facts fit the theory. I think there are significant questions raised by this kind of shoddy law enforcement, not to mention the Constitutional Fifth Amendment implications.”
“You know they’re reaching when they have us tearing up the Constitution,” Watt said, although to Beautyman’s ears it sounded hollow. And it should, Beautyman thought. Because the TV legal expert actually had a point. It was worrisome.
As if on cue, the door to the observation room opened and Upright stepped in.
“Have you been watching this, sir?” Beautyman asked.
The Sheriff shook his head, his mind—amazingly—seemed to be elsewhere. “No I haven’t had a chance. I just got off the phone. A teenage girl was found 20 minutes ago, dumped on her font porch. Naked and shaved, and it looks like she was drained of blood. Her mother found her. Told the cop that the last time she saw her was 2:30 this afternoon, when she picked her up from school … She’s been dead less than six hours.”
Beautyman turned and looked at Raphael, still casually reclining in front of the television.
“I’ll need your badge, Arthur,” Upright said quietly. “You’re out.”

Chapter 16
Beautyman was tired. He also had to figure out how to get out of the station while avoiding the swarming press. Fleet put him into the back of a police van with tinted windows and personally chauffeured him out of the station garage. With a few bursts of speed and flashing sirens through intersections, she managed to evade the pursuing reporters.
The reporters would be camped out at his home, too; Beautyman didn’t need Fleet to drive by to know they were there. Instead he let her check him into a hotel off Sunset Boulevard, where there were enough tourists that Beautyman’s face might go unnoticed. Fleet returned to the van with the key card and gave him the room number.
Beautyman collapsed on the bed. It felt as if the last year’s worth of sleep that he had missed out on—sleep he lost to hacking at night, to late night phone calls, to fretting about the next victim—had finally come knocking.
Not only had it finally come, but he was free to indulge it. He slept fifteen hours straight.
He would have liked his rest better had it been dreamless, but it was haunted by dreams of Raphael. At times Raphael came to him with great white wings like the archangel, and other times he seemed closer to the painter.
Beautyman dreamt of pruning his wings and knocking over his easels. He dreamt of successfully seducing Raphael’s beautiful wife only to be flaccid by the time he’d bedded her. And he dreamt of killing Raphael on live television. Usually with a swish of a huge sword followed by Raphael’s head sailing into the air.

When he awoke, his head finally clear, things started to sink in. No job, no early pension (the Sheriff didn’t think it would fly with voters), and no responsibility to anyone but himself.
Of course, some things had remained the same. Gregory Raphael was still the Babylon Killer and there was nothing anyone could say to dissuade him of that belief. And he may no longer be responsible for bringing Raphael to justice, but responsibility was a funny thing. The good people of Los Angeles County certainly weren’t looking for his help. But they were going to get it anyway.
He walked down Sunset to Mel’s Diner and ordered the biggest breakfast on the menu. He avoided the coffee and stuck to orange juice to accompany his pancakes and Denver omelet. When he ate, it was with the relish of a man born again.
After breakfast Beautyman went back to the hotel. He intentionally avoided newspaper stands on the way, and when he got back to the room the television remained decidedly dark. He slept again, not waking until midnight.
When he awoke, Beautyman found his watch and studied the small date indicator on it. He checked it against a calendar. It was Saturday morning, even if just by a few minutes.
For the rest of the world, the weekend was just starting, but Beautyman’s was now officially over. He wasn’t going to get any rest for quite some time.

Chapter 17
It was Beautyman’s second meal in two days, and it was breakfast again. But this time Watt joined him, and he looked a little uneasy about being there.
“Couldn’t you have just come over for some bacon and eggs?” Watt asked, looking out the window of a small diner in Studio City. Beautyman had taken a taxi back to his neighborhood and saw one or two reporters hoping for a scoop waiting outside his house. He guessed that within a day they’d be gone. He called Watt and arranged to meet.
“We’ll be fine here,” Beautyman said, cutting into another stack of pancakes.
“You’ve been remarkably accurate on your predictions so far this week,” Watt mused.
Beautyman looked up sharply and saw that Watt was floating a joke. He smiled back. “Well, even a broken clock is right twice a day. I read the papers this morning and caught up on what’s been going on since I left. It sounds like Upright isn’t out of the woods yet, even with me gone.”
Watt nodded. “The papers don’t even scratch the surface of it. Watchdog has whipped up the masses and everyone else is trying to out-do each other in the hysteria department. The Raphael arrest reached CNN and the national news, did you know that?”
Beautyman shook his head. There had been national reports after each new victim, but if they were reporting on Raphael it meant that they were running the story of police incompetence as well.
“So the Sheriff removes me from the case but they’re still gunning for him anyway,” Beautyman said.
“It’s like as soon as you were gone, Watchdog dropped you and moved on to the Sheriff,” Watt agreed. “Maybe he should have kept you on longer.”
Beautyman shook his head. “It wouldn’t have done anything but give the press some good target practice. By the time they moved on to him, their slings and arrows would have hit much harder.”
“Are you getting philosophical in your retirement?” Watt asked.
“Maybe. I’ve got some philosophical things on my mind. Tell me, how did it go when you released Raphael?”
“Ah, Christ. It was a stunt, but a stunt like nothing I’ve seen. We release him and he comes walking out the front door. Watchdog is there to provide security, which really meant keeping the other folks’ cameras away. And his wife comes rushing through the crowd and they kiss on the steps of the building. You’d think he was some sort of political prisoner.
“So she turns to the camera and gives this speech like you wouldn’t believe.”
“I’d believe it. I read the full text in the Times.” Beautyman said, getting out the paper and quoting from it. “As short and as poignant as the Gettysburg Address, Judith Raphael’s speech has shown that in these devastating times, she is the conscience of our city.” He put the paper down. “It helps when you have Watchdog’s team of writers coaching you beforehand.”
Judith Raphael, her husband at her side, had given an intense and powerful performance after Raphael’s release. “How can I express both the relief I feel to have Greg back with me, and the sorrow and regret I feel for having fallen prey to the tactics of the Sheriff’s Department? I was deceived by their fear-mongering and I can’t tell my husband how sorry for it I am.
“But this false arrest is bigger than just me and my husband. It indicts the system. A killer is in L.A., striking fear into the hearts of anyone who aspires to do good in this world. We are scared to reach out to our neighbors. We are scared to help those in need, because we are scared that we’ll get killed for our efforts.
“Our community is rattled and our collective psyche is shaken, and what happens? The police come in and exploit our fears! They turn a wife against her husband, they make her fear for her own life because they want an excuse to arrest a suspect so they can ease their own consciences for their role in letting him continue killing.
“Well, I’m through with it. They might have scared me once, but they’re not going to scare me again, and neither is the Babylon killer. I’m going to keep volunteering and I’m going to keep doing what I think is right and good. If the Babylon killer wants to come get me, then all right. He can make me a martyr. Maybe if he kills me, four more volunteers will take my place. But I’m not going to be scared any longer.”
Beautyman had watched her speech, given directly into the Watchdog camera and posted on their website later that night. He couldn’t help but remember how she had looked in his dream. He realized now that she was one of the reasons he’d been so quick to turn on Raphael; it wasn’t just about keeping her alive, some part of him wanted to weasel his way into her life. It shamed him to think about it, but Beautyman thought he deserved to feel a little ashamed for the last few days.
Watt seemed surprised by Beautyman’s suggestion Watchdog wrote the speech. “You think she had help?”
“Maybe not every word, but I’m sure Watchdog made sure she had something good to say to the camera.”
Watt thought on that for a moment. “You haven’t changed your mind about Raphael, have you, sir?”
“I’m not ‘sir’ anymore. You can call me Arthur or Beautyman. And no, I haven’t,” Beautyman said, continuing to attack his breakfast.
“Even though we found another victim while he was in our custody.”
“Actually, that made me sure of it.”
Watt snorted once.
“Think about it, Watt. We’ve never found a victim so soon after the previous one had been killed. Usually it takes six to nine weeks, and this one was four days. Also, she was dumped in a very conspicuous place very quickly after she’d been killed. Give me a break. Our killer is as regular as clockwork for more than a year, and then as soon as we have Raphael in custody the killer decides to do a rush job on another victim that provides conclusive evidence it’s not Raphael. Why do that? It doesn’t make sense…
“I think we’ve been going about this all wrong. I think that we should have been looking for the Babylon killers. When we brought Raphael in, the other killer took the opportunity to clear their name with incontrovertible evidence that it wasn’t him.”
“I’m afraid to ask. Who do you suspect is the second killer?”
“I think there’s only one possible answer to that,” Beautyman said, tapping the image of Greg and Judith Raphael on the front page of the newspaper with his fork. “His wife.”

Chapter 18
“Bullshit,” Watt exclaimed, drawing a few glances from around the restaurant. “You really think they’re a husband and wife killing duo?” He whispered, leaning across the table.
“Why not?”
“Because that’s fucking crazy!”
Beautyman shrugged. “It actually explains a lot.”
“Like what?”
“Like how the victims have been drugged. We always assumed they had a gun pulled on them while the killer inserted an IV into their arm, but have you ever thought of the mechanics of putting in an IV with just one hand? It doesn’t work. We’ve never seen any sign of a struggle—no bruises, no cuts on any victim—even though the situation would seem to give them the opportunity to fight back.”
“Didn’t we decide that the Babylon killer had the victims put in their own IV,” Watt said.
“But if the victim is hysterical, that’s not going to work very well. It’s easier with two. One stands with the gun, one inserts the IV.”
“Why wasn’t Judith in the kindergarten room?” Watt challenged. “Why did the kids only see one man?”
“The kids weren’t in there very long, and we don’t have a good idea about what happened after they left. But the cover story the killer used was that he was considering sending his son to school there. It wouldn’t be too hard to follow that with, ‘My wife’s on her way.’ From there it might be as easy as inviting Chandra Pal out for a glass of wine.”
“That’s a stretch.”
“It makes sense to me. Especially when you consider that Judith Raphael is the one with the access to Propofol. Previously we’d tried to figure out how Raphael was getting the Propofol without her knowing. This is much easier.”
Watt was staring out the window, clearly avoiding Beautyman’s eyes.
“I think they’re really good at improvising, Peter. I’m guessing that as soon as Judith gave her permission for me to take Raphael in, she started looking for a victim that she could handle on her own—someone like a teenage girl. Maybe she and Raphael had already identified her. Maybe that was why Raphael was toying with me the way he was. Because he wanted to get caught in order to be exonerated. And they scored a huge victory. I certainly made it worse with my own stupidity, but it would have happened regardless.
“The Sheriff won’t be able to touch them now. If you find some hard evidence, any lawyer is going to say it’s something I planted in some obsessive crusade against Greg Raphael.”
“Are you? Obsessed with the Raphaels?” Watt asked. He was not joking this time.
“You haven’t been convinced then?”
“I can’t argue that it has a certain … completeness to it. But it’s bound to. Just like the  JFK conspiracy theories—the overall story makes for a rollicking good tale, never mind that its basic premise doesn’t stand up to scrutiny.”
“You think I sound like a conspiracy nut?”
“Arthur, you just argued that conclusive evidence clearing Raphael was actually proof positive that he’d done it. Because you’ve pre-supposed that Raphael is the killer, you’re willing to make any leap in logic, including bringing in another killer. And when she’s cleared you’ll bring in another accomplice. Pretty soon the Sheriff will be covering it up because he’s in on it.”
Beautyman pushed back from the table. “That’s not me, and you know it.”
“You’ve met the people I’m talking about. They are rational, scientific people even, except for some single area where nothing will ever sway them from their belief. They have a complete explanation for a series of events that helps them make sense of all the awful stuff in the world. And evidence to the contrary can usually be assimilated into their world view and twisted to support their growing theory.”
“I think you’re being incredibly unfair, Watt,” Beautyman said, standing. He was angry as hell, actually, but that was the most he was able to get out.
“Here’s a question you should ask yourself, Arthur. And if you can give me a good answer, I’ll take everything back.”
“What?”
“What would it take to convince you that Raphael was not the Babylon killer? Is there anything that would prove you wrong? Because if nothing would convince you, then you’re no longer a detective, you’re an evangelist. Instead of looking for evidence to prove it’s Raphael, you’re looking for converts who will believe you. I hope—I pray—that you’re a good enough detective that you’ll want to stay one.”

Beautyman left the diner in a fit of confusion and anger. What would prove to him that Raphael wasn’t the killer? Nothing, because he was the killer.
That’s what he wanted to say, at least. But he wouldn’t give Watt the satisfaction of proving his point for him. Had Watt been skeptical of Raphael’s guilt during the investigation? No, Watt was trying to make it stick just like Beautyman was. He was distracted by the discovery of the girl. Just like the Sheriff. And if Watt, who had been a part of the investigation, had been taken in, then Beautyman didn’t have much hope of convincing anyone else, let alone a jury of twelve.

Beautyman left his hotel and took a cab back to his home, where Fleet had dropped off his car for him the day before. The reporters had left, and he was dropped off on an empty street in front of the driveway.
Inside, the dishes in the sink were starting to smell foul, but otherwise nothing had changed. His Babylon files were still on the dining room table, his computer humming away, waiting for him. Was there anything he could find online that would convince Watt? He doubted it. The best he could do was to find a link between the Raphaels and the first victims, but Watt wasn’t going to go for that. However tenuous or strong the link, Watt would say that if it there were six degrees of separation between everyone in the world, then it shouldn’t be too surprising to find a link between two people separated by only a county line.
Beautyman started shuffling papers around on his desk as he thought. He uncovered the purchase order for Propofol from the Venice clinic and his mind flashed to Ramirez. Surely if Ramirez turned up evidence that pointed to Judith Raphael, that would convince even the biggest skeptics.
Beautyman pulled out his cell phone and searched through his recent contacts list. He found the logged call to Ramirez two days before.
Ramirez picked up his phone almost immediately. “I was pretty sure I’d be hearing from you, Mr. Beautyman.”
“Why’s that?”
“From what I saw on the news, you don’t seem like the kind of man who will let too many things drop.”
“For better or for worse,” Beautyman added.
“I’m glad you said it, not me.”
“Tell me, Doctor, how willing are you to share information with me, now that I’m no longer with the Sheriff’s Department?”
“I’ll be honest. Not very.”
“No one else is going to come asking for it.”
Ramirez was silent, and Beautyman got the sense he wasn’t going to respond, so he continued. “I guess what I’m saying is that if you found any abnormalities, no one’s going to hear about them. Even if you called them, they probably wouldn’t care at this point.”
“I tend to agree,” Ramirez said. “They’d tell me that you’d done enough to smear the name of Greg Raphael without needing help from me.”
“Something like that.”
“No, that is what they told me. I called them yesterday and asked if they were interested in what I’d discovered.”
Beautyman bolted upright. “And were they?”
“Not especially.”
“Dr. Ramirez, I—”
“It wasn’t her, Mr. Beautyman. I did the work for the Sheriff’s Department as requested and I called to tell them what I’d found. And what I’d found was there was no indication that any patient had ever received a dosage of Propofol that didn’t effectively anesthetize them.”
“Is that surprising?” Beautyman asked.
“Absolutely not. One or two might have raised some eyebrows because the statistical likelihood is so rare. A full dozen or more would be unheard of. I had the research done because I wanted to discover if there was any chance you were right that the drug was coming from us. I see nothing to suggest it.”
“But—”
“And that was before I realized who it was you were investigating. Judith Raphael, honestly?” Ramirez laughed lightly. “If you’d told me her name I wouldn’t have even dreamed about starting the search because it would have been such a waste of time.”
Beautyman closed his eyes. “Doctor, it was her husband I was after, not her.” Although that had changed a bit now, hadn’t it? “I thought he was getting it somehow through her.”
“Even so. I am happy to tell you that no Propofol has been stolen from this clinic.”
“Can you really say that so absolutely?”
“I know my organization, Mr. Beautyman. I run a tight ship. We investigated just about the only possibility either of us could come up with. I’m sorry if it’s a blow to you personally, but the Propofol is not getting out of my clinic.”

Chapter 19
Where am I now? Beautyman wondered the next morning. After waking early, he decided to skip breakfast and do something he couldn’t remember doing before—he went for a walk.
In the space of a week, his suspicion of Raphael had gone from non-existent to gospel truth. The strongest piece of evidence to tie the Raphaels to the case had vanished. Beautyman had nothing but the original theories he’d come up with in the parking lot of St. Anthony’s church. He could place Raphael within three miles of the crime scene … and that was about it. Raphael matched the description of the killer, and he certainly liked to play games with Beautyman, but that wasn’t going to get him anywhere.
He held up his theory and shifted it around in the light like a jeweler. If it wasn’t the Raphaels, then why had the killer broken his pattern and found another victim so quickly? How did he explain his “acting lessons” the morning of his arrest? He couldn’t think of answers to either question, but that didn’t mean there weren’t any.
Beautyman was starting to feel like he was coming down from a high. Being fired kicked him back into his old frame of mind—honed humility, but humility nonetheless. But the further he got from it, the more he realized, it was the same old vanity. Maybe he’d stopped grandstanding in front of the cameras, but that didn’t mean he hadn’t been wrapped up in the smug arrogance he had fought so long to avoid.
He had walked away from the Sheriff’s Office feeling like a martyr for truth. Like a good man in a wicked town who managed to survive unscathed, integrity still intact. But that was a lie he had told himself. And it was a convenient lie because it let him forget that maybe things went bad because it was him—him, Arthur Beautyman—who had made such a colossal mess of his case.
He had released Greg Raphael that night in Santa Monica because he was too cowardly to face the embarrassment that might result from arresting an actor playing a killer and he was too blind to see that Raphael might actually be the killer. He had fallen, even if just a little bit, for Judith Raphael, and let that interfere with his judgment. He’d been sloppy with the microphone, vindictive (and stupid) when he arrested Raphael in front of the cameras. And maybe it had all been for nothing, because he had been so utterly utterly wrong.

Beautyman picked a lunch spot a few blocks from the Sheriff’s Department—hopefully outside the range of the circling press—and sent a text message with the address to Watt. He ordered a tuna sandwich for himself and a roast beef sandwich for Watt.
Watt showed up thirty minutes later. He sat down in the booth and regarded Beautyman warily. “Don’t worry, Watt. I’m not here to show you any new evidence I’ve uncovered.”
“Were you looking?”
“Yes,” Beautyman admitted. “And I didn’t like what I found. I talked to Dr. Ramirez at the Venice Clinic.”
Watt nodded. “I can guess what you heard.”
“But you’re surprised that I actually listened?”
Watt shrugged and started eyeing the sandwich in front of him.
“Go ahead, I’ve already had mine.”
Watt took a few bites while Beautyman watched him eat. “I’m sorry I screwed things up so bad, Peter. I hope you’re not caught in any of the fallout,” he said.
“It’s not so bad,” Watt shrugged again. “Did you see they’re going to get a TV movie made about their lives? Greg and Judith, I mean.” Beautyman shook his head and Watt continued, “Ewson called us up and asked for our full cooperation. They’ll use it to launch the New York City version of the show.”
Beautyman shook his head. “God help New York’s finest.”
“Here’s to that … What are you going to do?”
Beautyman sat forward. “My mother’s been on her own in Minneapolis since my dad died. Keeping up with the house is getting hard on her. I called her this morning and asked if she would mind if I moved in with her for a little while.”
Watt stopped chewing. “Minnesota?”
Beautyman nodded.
“You’re going to move in with your mom?”
“I could sure use a change of scenery.”
“Will you work?”
“You think any department would touch me after this?”
Watt put down his sandwich. “I never thought I’d say it, but I think I’d rather see you go back to hatching conspiracy theories here. Because it sounds like you’re punishing yourself. I mean … moving back in with your mom?”
“Maybe I deserve it.”
“You’ve been punished already. Watchdog had their turn and the Sheriff did his part when he fired you.”
 “I just don’t think I can stay, Peter.”

After leaving the diner, Beautyman called Jackie Fleet’s cell phone, wondering if she’d answer. He wouldn’t blame her if she decided to let it go to voicemail.
“Hi, Arthur,” she said. Her voice sounded tired, resigned.
“Hi, Jackie. Thanks for picking up.”
“How are you?”
“As well as you could expect, I suppose.”
“I’m really sorry, Arthur. I want you to know … you’re a really good detective. Despite all this.”
“And what are you basing that on?” Beautyman asked with a laugh. “Hopefully not the two days you worked with me.”
“You were good to work with actually, but no, I’m mostly basing it on all the work you did before. I’ve read everything you’ve assembled. It’s an incredible investigation. I don’t think anyone but Watt, and now me, fully understands how well you ran this thing.”
“Thank you, Jackie.”
“I just thought you should hear that.”
“Does that mean you’re staying on the case?”
“I’m the second to Watt now, yeah. Unless the Dutchman pops his head up again, I’ll probably be on this full time.”
“Brad’s still keeping an eye out?”
“It’s been awhile since he’s seen the guy online. He thinks we might have spooked him.”
Beautyman wondered what would happen the next time he was in the chat rooms. Would Aftermath confront him? He put the thought away.
“But I’d still have time for a Dodgers game if you do,” Fleet said, her voice rising a bit. She sounded hopeful.
Beautyman couldn’t help but smile. “I could definitely get a game or two in.”

Beautyman emptied his pockets onto his dresser and changed his clothes. Feeling more refreshed, he eyed his phone and wondered if he should call his mother. He’d technically lied to Watt. He hadn’t actually called yet and she hadn’t agreed to let him move back in. And if moving to Minneapolis meant he couldn’t go to baseball games with Fleet, that made leaving much less tempting. But all it would take was a veiled hint that he was interested in coming back and his mother would start cleaning out a room for him. He didn’t want to get her hopes up about him moving there if his mood of self-pity passed.
 Instead of calling, he turned on the television and stayed in bed watching the news. The same station that carried Watchdog was featuring Judith Raphael on their evening news. She looked good, Beautyman thought. Saintly, even, he smirked. But he still admired her blond hair and defined face. Don’t stare, he admonished himself. This is the woman who deceived you. No, that wasn’t true, he corrected. In fact she had done nothing wrong. Right?
Beautyman stared at her image on the screen and felt a slow creeping sensation at the back of his neck. He wished he hadn’t gone to Watt with his hat in hand. I’m still not convinced. For all the evidence that would exonerate them, I’m still not convinced.
Beautyman looked over at his computer. He could keep searching. But what was he looking for? Proof it was them? Proof it wasn’t?
He went to his computer and jiggled the mouse. As it warmed up, he stared at his screen. He didn’t want to go looking anymore. It would take hours of his time and all he was going to find in the back corners of the Internet was some tantalizing lead that was just going to keep him looking for more. On top of it all, someone was on his trail, hunting him down.
He was starting to feel like a junky.
Beautyman got up from his chair. There was nothing more to research. He had no more leads to follow. He reached down to flip the switch that would put his computer to sleep, when he paused. Actually, that wasn’t true. There was one lead he hadn’t investigated.
Beautyman sat down in front of the computer and opened his web browser. “If this goes nowhere ... if there’s nothing here,” he told himself.
It took all of five minutes for any trace of doubt to be erased.
There it was in front of him, Greg Raphael was listed as the star of “Youth & Decadence,” a short film that won the Audience Award at the Young Filmmakers Festival, sponsored by USC. The young filmmaker: Brian Gibbs, of Dana Hills High School, Dana Point, California.
Beautyman had hacked his way through countless security walls searching for the Babylon killer. And here, hiding in plain sight on the Internet Movie Database, was the link he’d been searching for. Deidre Patrick to Brian Gibbs to Greg Raphael. It was as solid a tie as he could hope for.
He was finally certain. The Raphaels were killers. And they were going to take another victim in eight weeks. In the back recesses of his mind, the beginnings of a plan began to take shape.
Chapter 20
The day after seeing Judith Raphael on the news he called his mother and told her that we was thinking of moving to Minneapolis. She insisted he stay with her until he got settled, which was exactly what he intended. He warned her it was going to take awhile to get things moved, but he was committed to coming. Fleet called a couple times, but he didn’t take the call. He couldn’t afford to—she was very much a part of the plan.
He listed his house in Studio City and devoted his time to two activities: packing and tailing the Raphaels.
Beautyman parked his car a block down the street from the Raphael’s Venice home. Greg Raphael left first and Beautyman followed him regularly for three days until he noticed another car on Raphael’s tail. He slowed his car and let the large SUV pass him by. He only caught a glimpse of the passenger, but it was enough. The passenger had a camera with an enormous telephoto lens pointed straight at Raphael. Paparazzi.
Apparently it doesn’t take much to be a star in this town, Beautyman spat. He turned his car down a side street and left Raphael and the photographer. He could barely admit it to himself, but he was spooked. All it would take was a single paparazzo or fan to notice Beautyman and he was dead in the water, with no good explanation for what he was doing tailing the actor.
On the other hand, Beautyman realized, if Raphael really was famous enough to warrant a photographer on his tail, then it wasn’t likely Raphael would lead him to the couple’s next victim either.
The next morning Beautyman let Raphael drive away and he waited for Judith instead.

When she finally did emerge, she left her home on foot, and he watched her as she headed toward the Venice Clinic. Beautyman couldn’t help but think back to the morning he’d walked the same route with her in reverse. He had been swept up with the desire to save her from her monstrous husband and now ... now he couldn’t deny that he still found himself wishing she needed saving—that her husband had threatened her to go along with his psychotic plan, that she was a participant against her will.
But that just didn’t square with the facts. This beautiful woman had killed an innocent teenage girl just to clear her husband.
 A shudder passed through him.
For the next week, Judith’s mornings were spent at the Venice Clinic. She ran a couple errands each day, was religious about going to the gym, and was becoming a bit of a minor celebrity herself. Some noticed her, and a few of those greeted her. One woman got her picture taken with her, although Beautyman had so far not seen any tailing paparazzi on her.
Days of this routine continued. By the second week of tailing Judith, Beautyman was exhausted. Whenever she would leave her neighborhood, Beautyman would start to pay particular attention. The Babylon murders had occurred all over Los Angeles, and as far as he could tell, the only way the Raphaels could get away with them was to learn the habits of their victims just as well as he was learning Judith’s.
And so when Judith skipped her walk to the clinic and instead took her sedan north into Studio City, Beautyman forgot his exhaustion. This was a substantial break from the norm.
Beautyman followed her car to a coffee shop that wasn’t far from his own house. She found a parking spot near the shop and headed inside. Through the window, Beautyman watched as she ordered a drink, found a seat, opened a book, and started reading. He could think of no good reason for her to drive so far for a cup of coffee unless there was someone in the area she was looking for.
From his parked car down the street, Beautyman watched the shop, focused mainly on learning the faces of everyone entering or leaving the coffee shop. Which one was the saint she was looking for? Barring a halo, Beautyman wasn’t going to identify them quickly, but he tried to study each face for a few seconds and commit them to memory. 
Judith stayed inside the shop for three hours, leaving just after 1:30 in the afternoon. When she finally left, Beautyman looked down at his notes. He had made frantic scribbles of a description of each person who had walked in or out of the shop. He focused on the descriptions of the people who had left 15 minutes before her. Was one of these her next target?
Beautyman made a couple more notes and followed her home.

Three days later, Judith was back in Studio City. She went to the same coffee shop and Beautyman kept his notebook handy. A twenty-something girl with dyed hair and an eyebrow piercing that looked familiar to him. Whe she left at 1:30, he looked at his pages from Judith’s last visit to the coffee shop. Sure enough, he’d seen her leave at 1:30 the last time. She must be a barista getting off her shift, Beautyman decided. He looked up from his notebook and saw Judith leaving and walking the other way from the young woman.
The young woman was already angling her car out of her parallel parking space. Beautyman made the quick decision to let Judith Raphael go for the day. He whipped a u-turn and went after the girl’s Honda Civic. The small car headed north across the San Fernando Valley. He followed her past the Hansen Dam and to the edge of the Tujunga Wash.
The sometimes dry and brittle, sometimes muddy, sometimes overflowing Tujunga was not a river but a wash—a small stream that would swell after storms and eventually feed into the Los Angeles River. Beautyman wasn’t sure he’d ever given it a sliver of thought. But it apparently meant something to the young barista he was following.
She pulled over to the side of the road near the Wash and Beautyman was forced to drive past her. As soon as he was out of sight around a bend, he doubled back and saw her just as she finished unloading a large bag from the trunk of her car and began heading down the slope to the riverbed (washbed? Beautyman wondered idly) below. Taking the opportunity of being out of her sight, he pulled to the other side of the road and quickly wrote down her license plate number.
 Leaving the car running, Beautyman opened his door and crossed the empty road. The only sounds he heard were the quiet hum of his engine and a few birdcalls he didn’t recognize. He was in the middle of nowhere.
Using her car to shield him, he peered over the crest of the road and saw the young woman kneeling on the flat plain of the Wash, a small shovel in hand. His eyes were sharp enough to see the tuft of green that stood up from the brown earth and he realized that she was planting something on the bed of the Tujunga Wash.
Beautyman went back to his car before she had a chance to look up and spot him. He would run her license plate number through the DMV system when he got home, and that would have to be enough for today. Heading back toward civilization, Beautyman was considering what the woman was planting in the Wash when he saw a familiar sedan approaching him in the other lane—a black 2000 Acura, the car that had once spent the night parked in the Pacific Palisades Catholic Church’s parking lot. Beautyman put the visor down and sped up, passing the sedan as quickly as he could. He looked in his rearview mirror as it slowed to pass the Civic on the side of the road—a bit more slowly than needed, Beautyman felt.
The young environmentalist planting grasses in the Tujunga Wash might not count as a saint to many, but apparently she was enough of a good soul for Judith Raphael to keep tabs on her.
Greg and Judith Raphael had found their next victim. 
Chapter 21
Sitting in front of his computer the next day, Beautyman considered Judith’s arrival at the Tujunga Wash. Judith had clearly not followed the girl there. She was too far behind her to know where she was going. Which meant that she already knew, that Judith had been keeping tabs on the young woman for some time.
Beautyman didn’t need to hack into California DMV. He still had remote access into the Sheriff’s Department, and could emulate their computers. What was theirs was his, at least for now. He looked up the Honda Civic. It was registered to an Annabeth Murphy. He found her drivers license and the face of the young woman from the Wash stared back at him.
Beautyman decided he needed to get to know her route just as thoroughly as Judith knew it. He had a little time; more than a month until the Babylon killers were scheduled to take their next victim. He let the Raphaels be and began following Annabeth Murphy.
After picking her tail up from the coffee shop, Beautyman followed her to a rural organic farm far outside of the city’s sprawl. She stayed there for the night, even though it was not the address on her license. She ended up staying there for two days, working in the fields, before heading back into the city and to her small apartment.
Over the next few days, in the mornings before she went to work, he followed her to different farmers markets, where she sold vegetables from the farm. And, a week later, he watched Annabeth Murphy leave the Studio City fair trade coffee shop and drive out to the Wash to plant native grasses.
That day was the only time he saw Judith Raphael, who had once again followed Annabeth to the Tujunga Wash. 

After returning home from the Wash, Beautyman pulled out his calendar and looked it over. Every Thursday around 1:30 Annabeth Murphy drove out to the middle of nowhere, totally alone. There was simply no better place for Judith and Greg to grab her.
Beautyman looked backward. It had already been four weeks since he’d been fired, which was also the same day as the last Babylon murder, the teenage girl that Judith had killed while Raphael was in custody. Beautyman counted down a few Thursdays on his calendar. They probably weren’t going to try for Annabeth for another four weeks.
That was enough time for his final move to St. Paul followed shortly by cross-country return trip.
But first, he needed some help.

After 15 minutes of being online, he heard the ping of an inbound message.
“Hey Dutchman. Haven’t seen you in awhile. lol.”
Beautyman had already learned that to Aftermath, everything was “laugh out loud” funny.
“Been busy!! What about with you?”
“Nothing big. How’d that server hack work for U?”
“Like a dream, man. Thx.” It pained Beautyman to use text abbreviations, but he’d stand out too much if he didn’t at least lightly pepper his conversation with them. 
“What’d you hit?”
“A server with some security cams. I did something stupid near some cam and I needed to see if I was caught on tape.” Beautyman smiled when he typed that, wondering what Fleet would make of it when she read the transcript of the chat.
Beautyman chatted for a few more minutes and then logged off.
The first step in his trap was set. There was nothing left he needed to do in L.A. It was time to move to Minnesota. 
Chapter 22: Three Weeks Later
Beautyman kissed his mother’s head and said, “Night, mom.”
Ruth looked up from the kitchen table at her son, worried. “You’ve never been hunting before in your life.”
“I’ve trained on the firing range in L.A.. I won’t get hurt.”
“That was a pistol. Have you ever even shot a rifle?”
“I’ve been practicing,” Beautyman said.
“You never used to like to kill things, Arthur,” Ruth said. She let out a final harrumph that Beautyman instantly remembered from his teenage years. It didn’t matter he hadn’t lived at home in decades, they still fell into those old habits. Ruth was in her mid-sixties, but to Beautyman she didn’t look much different from his earliest memories of her. If he worked at it, he could see the truth of her age and it was like Ruth wasn’t even his mother anymore.
Beautyman turned his head away. “I can’t knock it till I’ve tried it, right? I’ll be fine. Back in five days, six tops.”
“It’s almost midnight. Can’t you leave in the morning?”
“If I want to make it to Spring Lake by dawn I need to start now. Don’t stay up worrying.”
Beautyman closed the door on his mother’s bedroom and crept down the stairs to the basement. She’d been living in Minneapolis since Beautyman’s father had accepted a job as an engineer for 3M. That was after Beautyman had gone to college and moved out of the family’s house in Modesto. Minnesota wasn’t his home. He had pitched this backwoods hunting trip to his mother as a way to get a feel for the area.
Everything was packed and ready to go. Beautyman tossed a large duffel and his hunting rifle into his car, checked to make sure that his personal handgun was securely packed as well, and then started the long drive to the lakes near the Canadian border.

When he arrived at the hunting lodge just a few hours before dawn, only a single desk clerk was on hand to greet him.
“I don’t expect I’ll be sleeping too many nights in the room,” Beautyman told the clerk. “Is there a reduced rate?”
The man chuckled. “I hear that a lot. But I’ll wager that after the first night out there, you’ll want to come back here for the second.”
“We’ll see how long I last,” Beautyman laughed with him. He took his room key and easily found his way to the small room off the main lodge. It might have been harder had he not been to the lodge the week before to check it out.
Once in his room, Beautyman dropped his duffel. He resisted the urge to collapse on the bed and rest. Instead he pulled the sheets back and rumpled the room so that it would look occupied to anyone who happened to take a peek. A toothbrush in the bathroom. A novel on the nightstand. A glass of water on the counter. A damp towel on the floor. And he was done.
Five minutes later, Beautyman was out of his room, his duffel over his shoulder again. He went out the back staircase of the rustic lodge and walked across the parking lot to the old brown station wagon he’d purchased with a wad of cash the week before. He’d parked it here last week when he visited the lodge and caught the bus—a long, long bus trip—back to Minneapolis.
He had driven six hours out of his way, but he was sure it would be worth it in the end. There was just over 2,000 miles of road in front of him. Barring any car trouble, he’d be pulling into Venice Beach in 48 hours. And that would give him enough time to put a stop to this whole mess.

The flat bare earth of Nebraska gave way to deserts and eventually the hills of California. It was Sunday night when Beautyman saw the lights of Los Angeles. He threaded his way through the city until he reached Santa Monica. He parked his car on the beach—in the same parking lot off the Pacific Coast Highway that Greg Raphael had been found in. That had been two months ago, Beautyman realized. It seemed like a lifetime had passed since then.
He fed a twenty-dollar bill into the box to pay for his spot. When he returned to the car, Beautyman crawled over the backseat and into the long trunk of the station wagon. His exhaustion had gotten the better of him, but now that he was here he could finally rest.

Beautyman woke just before noon. Crawling out of his car he attempted his morning stretches. He never came to the beach, unless on a case, but he knew that it was this sandy beach he was going to miss most when he returned to Minnesota. There was simply nothing like it, nothing like knowing it was there, covered with runners and sunbathers. Sometimes he would catch a glimpse of a ship on the blue horizon from some unexpected spot in the city, usually on a low hill he would never have imagined would have a view of the water. He may not come to the beach, but he found himself looking for the ocean in those few stray moments when he would step out of a car or pause at the top of a flight of stairs.
Standing on the crowded beach, Beautyman wanted to call Fleet or Watt more than anything.
But of course he couldn’t. He had considered at one point sitting Watt down and telling him to have an ambush set at the Tujunga Wash Thursday after Annabeth Murphy got off her shift. He could picture Watt’s face. He could even picture the doubt that would creep into Watt’s mind when Annabeth turned up dead, a victim of the Babylon murders. Suspicion—not necessarily Watt’s, but someone’s suspicion—might skip past the Raphaels and fall squarely on the man who had predicted the murder.
It was an odd thing to wake up so late in the day and yet have so much time to kill, Beautyman thought as he slipped behind the wheel of the station wagon. He could pretty much go anywhere he wanted. He wasn’t worried about being recognized; his stubble was thick after four days of not shaving and he was wearing a pair of sunglasses he’d purchased from a drugstore in Nevada. But he was still cautious.
Beautyman suddenly realized he was incredibly hungry. That was as good a place as any to start, he figured. Near the entrance to the Santa Monica Pier was a small pizza shop, where he ordered a pepperoni pizza and a two-liter of Coke to go. He took it back to his car and headed north on the PCH.
Eating as he drove, Beautyman meandered through Malibu and considered stopping, until he remembered that it was here in Malibu the whole mess had started. He kept driving.
Eventually he was further than he could remember driving in at least ten years. The beaches were narrower and the cliffs looked steeper. Finding a pullout for tourist photographs, Beautyman parked and got out, eating his pizza and watching the terrific power of the Pacific Ocean.
He drifted off in the car and only woke up when the air had cooled with the sunset. He turned the station wagon around and pointed it back toward Venice.

From across the street, Beautyman watched the Raphael’s home. Judith’s car had been parked out front when he passed the first time, but there was no sign of Raphael. He had circled and found a spot a block away on a side street that afforded a narrow view of the Raphael’s home. Just after ten, Beautyman watched Greg Raphael pull up in a brand new Land Cruiser and head up his front walk. Beautyman was a block away, but it looked to him like he had a spring in his step.
Beautyman waited fifteen minutes and then found another parking spot closer to the house. He waited, watching the house slowly settle. A few lights turned on, but more were turned off, and eventually the house was dark. They were in for the night.
Beautyman pulled out two iPhones. He’d bought them under a fictitious name using a gift-card at a mall in Colorado on his way back to California. Each had a full charge, plus an extra battery attachment. Both would last at least 24 hours.
Once again using his cell phone as a tether, Beautyman pulled up Apple’s MobileMe website, which allowed him to track the location of the phones. He could have purchased a more sophisticated GPS system, one actually designed for tracking people, but this was the solution that had the least likelihood of being traced back to him. It was also relatively cheap.
Both phones were reporting the correct location, two small blue dots blinking on the screen.
Once confirmed, he looked around at the streets and didn’t see a soul. Popping out of his car, Beautyman hurried across the street to the Land Rover. He taped one phone to the underside of the vehicle’s running board. The other he affixed to the inside of Judith’s car bumper.
And that was it. Beautyman got into his car and double-checked the signals. Still active. He pulled away from the curb and went to return his car to the Santa Monica beach for one last night. He was certain that tomorrow one of those flashing blue dots would show up in the Tujunga Wash, on the prowl for Annabeth Murphy.

Chapter 23
When Beautyman woke up, he immediately checked the phones’ locations. Raphael’s Land Rover was in Burbank and Judith’s Acura was still in the driveway. He checked his watch. It was just before 9:00 am. Nothing unusual so far.
He refreshed the webpage every few minutes. If the dot stayed in place too long, it would mean that Judith had walked to the clinic, and wouldn’t be visiting Annabeth Murphy at her coffee shop in Studio City.
Around 12:30, he finally saw the dot move. It began a slow crawl through L.A., finally landing in Burbank, meeting up with Raphael’s dot. And suddenly his was on the move. They’re together in the same car, Beautyman realized. They were almost to the Wash.

Beautyman stood in front of the Raphael’s house, a computer bag in one gloved hand, and a small duffel in the other. He felt his anxiety start to fall away. It was like he was getting ready to address the press. He would sweat and get nervous ahead of time, but once the press conference started, all worry dropped away.
Beautyman moved quickly toward the side door he had identified earlier as his easiest point of access into the home. The door—like the rest of the doors and windows into the house—was secured and protected by an alarm system. Beautyman pulled out a small remote—just a 10-key grid of numbers with a few extra buttons like Enter, Test, and Panic.
Before he sold his Studio City house, he’d asked the same company that protected the Raphaels to install an alarm system in his own home and they provided him with this remote. After a few hours of spelunking through their customer databases, Beautyman had re-tooled the remote to the same frequency as the Raphael’s system.
He typed in their code—1706, the chapter and verse in Revelation that the Raphaels had co-opted into their calling card—and pressed enter. There was a quiet beep from inside the house that indicated that the alarm had been de-activated.
Beautyman reached back into his duffel and pulled out the pick gun. He’d never mastered the skill of lock picking, but the gun was easy to use in any normal lock and had cost him fifty bucks online. All he had to do was click a button: I certify I will not use this for any illegal purposes.
“These little white lies will start to add up, Arthur,” he whispered, thinking of his mother.
The gun worked; the door slid open and the house was quiet. No blaring alarm, no waiting dogs. He closed the door quickly behind him and locked it. He pulled out his remote and reset the alarm. He was now locked in the home of Judith and Gregory Raphael. 

Beautyman immediately began surveying the house. Most of the rooms were unremarkable, save for their impeccable cleanliness and thoughtful design. Off the bright kitchen, Beautyman found a small empty garage that faced the back alley. He felt his chest constrict. Something was definitely off about the room. He stopped and looked more carefully.
Like the rest of the home, it was clean as a whistle. That was part of the problem. There was no sign a car had ever parked in the garage. The shelves had some neatly folded rags, a couple quarts of unopened motor oil, and coiled extension cords. Otherwise, they were completely bare.
In the corner was a dark leather arm chair. It would have been inexplicable in any other garage, but Beautyman knew immediately why it was in this one. He approached it as if the chair itself was dangerous, his gloved fingers brushing over the leather armrests. A drugged victim would sit quite comfortably here while they were drained of blood.
Beautyman looked at the feet of the chair and then at the concrete floor. There were some dark scuff marks on the floor that lead into the center of the garage. That’s where it would happen.
Checking his computer, he saw that the blue dot of Raphael’s Land Rover was already on the move back from the Tujunga Wash with, he could only assume, Annabeth Murphy in tow. They might be 45 minutes away if there was no traffic. Beautyman dropped his duffel on the floor and got to work.

Beautyman placed two small battery-powered webcams at either end of the garage. Their wide angle lenses captured the entire space. He had already taped over the red lights that indicated they were recording, so that in the dark upper corners of the garage, they were nearly invisible.
In Raphael’s home office on the other side of the house, Beautyman pulled out his laptop and opened a program that bonded with the Bluetooth cameras. Suddenly he was seeing two angles of the garage on a split screen. Perfect.
He fished out a long Ethernet cord from his duffel and plugged his laptop into the Raphael’s modem. Once he was online, he checked the IP address of the Raphael’s system against the various databases on the Internet. It accurately placed his IP in Venice, CA, but he couldn’t pull an accurate latitude and longitude from it.
He unlocked all security measures on the laptop and activated his wireless Internet card. A company had mapped wireless signals across the US and used that data to help users pinpoint their location by triangulating between the known signals. Convenient, but it could also be exploited by a hacker to pinpoint a vulnerable computer to within a few yards.
Beautyman checked his screen again. Beautyman’s computer was now broadcasting its exact location to anyone who would knew how to look.
Opening up a web browser, Beautyman logged into a hacker chat room as Dutchman. He scanned the names of the users there and saw Aftermath listed.
“Hey Aftermath. Wanted to surprise you with something cool,” Beautyman chatted.
A minute passed with no response and Beautyman started to get anxious. He’d never questioned what would happen if Brad wasn’t at home. It had seemed like he was always on, but what if today he was busy. What if he had some sort of after-school activity? Beautyman checked his watch. I should have checked somehow. I should have set up a time. I can’t believe that all this might fall apart just because—
“Hey Dutchman. What kind of surprise?”
Thank God.
Beautyman checked the iPhone locations of the Raphaels quickly. The Acura was still in Burbank, but the Land Rover was very close, possibly even 10 minutes away. He closed the page that was tracking the phones.
“I trust you after the help you gave me. I want to show you the real Dutchman.”
“Gonna send a pic? lol”
“Better. I want you to see me in action.” Beautyman opened a webpage that would allow him to stream the video from his camera. Once it was up, he sent the link to Aftermath.
“It’s a garage.”
“For now. I’ve got to go, but keep watching. I promise it will be worth it.”

Beautyman kept away from the windows. He wiped down the keys and edges of the laptop to be extra sure he hadn’t left a mark. He waited.
He didn’t have to wait long. On screen, the garage door opened and the Land Rover pulled into the small space. From the den, Beautyman could hear its rumble. He pulled his gun out of the duffel and put it on the desk next to the laptop. It was unlikely the Raphaels would come in here, but he wanted to be safe.
The car engine turned off, and Beautyman watched as Judith got out of the rear passenger seat. Even on the unflattering web cams she looked beautiful. Then he noticed the gun in her hand. She held it up, facing the open car door. The door behind the driver opened, and out stepped a panicked Annabeth Murphy. Judith kept the gun trained on her as Raphael pulled the car back out of the garage. The door closed, and the two women were alone. Beautyman felt his stomach tie up in knots. Seeing Annabeth here, he now fully understood the stakes. He’d been treating it as an academic exercise, but here she was. If he failed, if something went wrong, this girl would be dead, and it would be on him.
He couldn’t hear what was being said, but Annabeth went over to the leather chair, Judith still training the gun on her. Annabeth began to pull it across the floor, and Beautyman could hear the harsh scraping of the legs on the concrete.
The front door opened and Beautyman tensed. He leveled his gun at the door and listened to the beep-beep of the alarm system. Raphael had 30 seconds to disarm it from the panel in the foyer. It couldn’t have been more than 10 seconds, but listening to the beep of the system, Beautyman thought it was going to take forever.
The den door didn’t move. There was silence. Beautyman risked a sideways glance and saw Raphael on his computer screen.
He relaxed and lowered his gun. Taking his eyes off the door, he saw that he’d missed a chat message from Aftermath. “WTF?!” the screen said.
What the fuck indeed, Beautyman thought. He toggled screens to a diagnostics program. Aftermath was going after his IP. He probably already had it. It would take a little longer to get his MAC address and then plot it on a map. Figure four minutes for the teenager to plot that as longitude and latitude and convert that to a street address. Had he called Fleet already? Would he just call 911? Would he wait until he had an address or call while he was getting it?
Beautyman badly wanted to know what was going through Aftermath’s head. But any signal he gave that he was at the computer would only alert Aftermath that Raphael was not Dutchman, and—for now at least—he needed to leave that as it was. If everything went right, the cops, possibly led by Watt and Fleet, would storm through the doors within the next 15 to 20 minutes.
What was it the DA had said? Short of a tape of Raphael killing a victim, he wasn’t interested. Well here it was, sir. The Babylon Killers would be unmasked, Watchdog would collapse, and Fleet would have caught her Dutchman. All in one fell swoop. 
15 to 20 minutes, and all this would be over. Beautyman checked his watch.
It was going to take an eternity.

Had Beautyman been a Zen Buddhist, he might have been able to cultivate the patience to wait out the ticking clock. But he wasn’t, and he could barely stand just five minutes of sitting idly by and watching.
Minute one: Annabeth Murphy sitting in that chair … Minute two: Raphael holding his gun on her while Judith prepared the injection of Propofol … Minute four: Annabeth’s head dropping, chin on her chest …  Minute six: Judith drawing blood into a chalice.
Beautyman was about to move when Judith surprised him by pulling her shirt over her head and revealing a tan stomach and full breasts in a lacy black bra. Raphael was pulling his belt off and the two were staring at each other with open lust.
That was enough for him. He cut the live streams from the cameras; if Brad hadn’t figured out their location by now, he wasn’t the hacker Beautyman had taken him for. Grabbing the toiletry bag and his handgun, Beautyman went into the kitchen, pointing his gun at the door to the garage. Pushing open the garage door, he caught the two lovers with their pants down.
“Greg and Judith Raphael!” he called, watching them freeze, staring at him. “This is your last day.”

Chapter 24
It was Greg Raphael who recovered first. “Arthur?”
For a moment, it almost sounded to Beautyman like he was happy to see him. Was he? Beautyman wondered. Or was he just projecting the same manner that had served him so well in his interrogation? But Beautyman thought he could hear fear in his voice, too.
“Here to save the girl?” Raphael asked. “Or would you rather watch?”
So he had noticed Beautyman’s gaze rake over his nearly nude wife.  Beautyman smiled, trying to project the same confidence he kept running up against with Raphael.
“I didn’t take you for the cold-blooded killer, Detective,” Judith said. Beautyman’s gaze flicked over to her, and again, despite his best intentions, lingered.
“You wouldn’t covet my wife in front of me, would you, Arthur?” Raphael asked.
“I apologize if I was inappropriate, Mrs. Raphael,” Beautyman said, but returned his eyes to her husband and kept them there. He felt he could handle Judith if needed, but Raphael looked far too much like a circus animal who knew the ringmaster’s whip had more bark than bite.
“So what’s the plan, Arthur? Arrest us? Or do you just want to pop us off?”
“I do. I think the police will find more than enough here to convince them you were the Babylon Killers.”
“And who killed us?”
“You did.” Beautyman tossed the toiletry bag at Judith who caught it. “Mrs. Raphael, I’d like you to open the bag.”
Judith looked at her husband, who nodded. She unzipped it slowly and peered inside. She was clearly startled by what she saw.
“Pull them out, Mrs. Raphael,” Beautyman directed.
Judith pulled out two thin tubes of Propofol in pre-loaded syringes. Raphael was staring hard at the opaque, pearly white substance. Beautyman expected that things were suddenly very clear to him.
“I’ll take one of those,” Beautyman said, pulling one out of her hands before either of them reacted. “Now you see what’s going on. I think once the cops accept that you were the killers, they’ll also accept that you dosed each other. That you were done with your spree, and that you had decided to meet your maker.
“Now, Mrs. Raphael, since you have a lot more practice than I do, I’d like you to be the one to inject your husband.”
He was genuinely surprised when Judith started to cry.
Raphael looked at Beautyman closely, and once again Beautyman had the feeling he was being welcomed. Beautyman stepped forward. “Now, Judith.”
“All right,” she answered, her voice still quiet and shaking. Judith held up a syringe and uncapped the thin needle. She pointed it upward and gave it two sharp clicks with her fingernail. She and Raphael kissed. He whispered something in her ear and Judith nodded. “See you soon, love,” she told him, her voice almost hoarse.
“You too, angel.”
And she injected her husband’s forearm with the drug.
Raphael curled up under the chin of his wife. She held him closely, weeping again.
Beautyman watched the couple, working hard to keep count in his head but distracted by the tableau in front of him. When he got to 50, he said, “You can let him down now, Judith.”
She didn’t need to be told. He was slowly sinking in her arms anyway. She let him down to the floor and cried.
“Would you mind sharing what he whispered, Mrs. Raphael?” Beautyman asked.
“You can drop the formality, Arthur. I mean, you’re going to kill us, so I think it’s all right to call me Judith.” She looked up from her husband and met Beautyman’s gaze evenly. “He asked me to offer myself to you. To give you what you covet, what you desire. This can all be yours.”
Beautyman snapped his attention back to Judith’s face. “I … I don’t understand why he would ask that. And you’re going along with it?”
“Have you missed what we’ve done here, Detective? We have either killed or frightened everyone in this city who claims to be good. They planted their trees or taught children or fought the good fight. But now they’re scared. We took that from them. We stopped it, dead in its tracks. Their days of doing good are behind them. They’ll fornicate and steal and kill because they’ll be afraid to do anything else.”
Beautyman put the end of the Propofol syringe in his mouth and pulled the cap off with his teeth.
“And now you’re going to kill us, and we’ll be exposed. But no one’s going to go back to being good. No one’s going to think, the Babylon murders are over, I’m going to start volunteering again. It doesn’t work like that. We win if we keep killing and we win if you kill us now.”
“Why did your husband tell you—”
“To offer myself to you? Because you’ve decided to damn yourself by killing my husband and me. You think you’re doing it to stop us from killing, but you know what they say about the road to hell. You’re going to kill us for yourself. Greg will die for humiliating you and I will die for deceiving you, for causing you to lust after me. You’re angry, Arthur, that’s why you’re here.
“And since you’ve accepted that you’re going to hell, that you’ll be damned for what you do tonight, Greg has offered—and I’m offering—the chance for you to make the most of it. What’s a little adultery when you’re already going to hell? So what do you say, Detective? Want to fuck me?”
Beautyman cast his eyes over Judith’s body. “I’m not sure I believe in hell, Judith.”
“I don’t see how that changes anything,” she said, moving closer. “It’ll still be waiting for you after tonight.”
“If killing you and your husband does condemn me to hell, then at least I will take comfort knowing that you got there first.”
“Detective, you misjudge us. Greg and I aren’t just going to hell. We intend to rule it.”
Judith kissed him, passionately, fully, without holding anything back. Beautyman let her kiss him, felt himself kissing back for a moment—and instantly knew that any more of this and he would not be able to stop.
He dropped the handgun and clenched her wrist, causing her to cry out and break away. Beautyman injected her wrist with the Propofol and started pushing the drug into her body. “I don’t know if there is a hell and I don’t know if there is a devil. But if there is, he can have you. But not today. I’m not going to kill you. You two are going to wake up from this in a few hours and find yourself in a police holding cell.”
Judith’s eyes widened and Beautyman felt her twist in his arms. She tried to fight him, but the drug was too quick and she was losing the battle. Soon she was lying on the floor next to her husband.

Beautyman rushed to the side of Annabeth Murphy. She hadn’t lost too much blood yet, only a pint, maybe two. In a drugged state it would be dangerous to lose much more, but she would be rescued soon.
 He was still wearing gloves but he was careful not to touch anything more. The cameras, the laptop, the hacking, would all be questioned by a good defense attorney. But the great thing about psychotic killers is that no one expected them to do anything rational. All Beautyman wanted now was to get out before anyone knew he’d been here.

 He grabbed the toiletry bag, leaving the two spent syringes on the garage floor. He picked up his duffel and was out the side door of the house. His car was still on the next street over, and he felt the warmth of the afternoon sun on him.
In the distance, and coming closer, he heard sirens.

Chapter 24
The shocking news that Greg and Judith Raphael were the Babylon killers broke on the national news when Beautyman was just getting out of Nevada. He heard it on the radio—Gregory Raphael and his wife caught red-handed. Their own recording indicting them for the crimes. 
Beautyman was forced to leave his cell phone off. It wouldn’t do to answer it if he was supposed to be in the Minnesota wilderness shooting at deer. But he wondered if Watt or Fleet was trying to call him. He imagined that Watt was wondering, in the back of his mind—or maybe even right there in the front of it—whether Beautyman could have been involved. Would he try to call? Even to let him know what had happened?
He’d have to wait a day to find out.

Beautyman rolled the station wagon into the parking lot of the hunting lodge just past midnight. It had been a two-day trip. He was dead tired from the return drive, and had survived on caffeine and luck. He grabbed his duffel, left the keys in the ignition with the doors unlocked, and went to his room.
There was no sign that anyone had been in it since him. He took the red Do Not Disturb sign off his door—he wanted someone to walk in on him in bed in the morning, just to confirm his stay in the lodge—and made straight for the bed.
He felt relief. He was done with the whole terrible business.

Three days later, Beautyman was back in Minneapolis, unemployed and living with his mother. He kept a close watch on the Babylon case on the Internet. It was all anyone could talk about. So far the press wasn’t celebrating him for being prescient either. Instead Fleet and Watt were given most of the credit; even Upright praised them, and them alone. They both publicly credited Beautyman, but no one seemed to take any notice. 
Raphael tried desperately to convince the police that Beautyman had framed them for the crime, and had been in the house with them and Annabeth Murphy. But no one believed him. The recording from the Raphael’s cameras showed the two of them very clearly preparing to kill the girl. How had Beautyman framed them for that? As far as anyone was concerned, they were caught red-handed, by their own hubris—to film the thing, and then show it to someone? How crazy were they?

While playing gin with his mother Ruth, Beautyman’s cell phone rang. He looked across the card table at her and smiled. “I have to take this,” he said, getting up from the table and stepping on to the screened-in back porch. “Congratulations, Officer.”
“Jackie’s just fine, Arthur. Any anyway, it’s not Officer anymore. I got promoted.”
“And well you should have. You caught two serial killers and a hacker with one bust.”
“Fuck you,” she said, although not with the heart of someone who really meant it. “I’m not an idiot. Raphael was no hacker, and Watt and I are about the only two people in the world who actually believe him when he says you were there.”
“I was hunting in northern Minnesota. You can look it up.”
“I did. I was the only one who bothered checking to see if you were where you said you were. Sure, there’s a five day period where no one actually seems to have set eyes on you, but your car was there the whole time, and that’s good enough for everyone else.” She exhaled.
“I’m going back and forth about you, Arthur. Sometimes I want to jump your bones and sometimes I want to smash your face in.”
“Why would you want to smash my face in?” Beautyman asked, a little coyness in his voice.
There was no coyness in her reply. “Because you let two sick motherfuckers abduct a teenager, strip her, and start to bleed her body. And then, in order to catch them you manipulated another teenager into watching it happen. How’s that for starters?”
Beautyman was quiet. “I know. It was terrible to do to them, but without their help, you wouldn’t have caught them,” he said softly.
“But that had a lot to do with your own bullshit, Arthur, don’t you dare forget that! It was your escapades that put them almost out of reach.” Fleet fired back. The tone was a sharp jolt for Beautyman. He was silenced, humbled.
“And that’s the other thing,” she continued. “You didn’t have faith in me.”
“You’d given up the case against them.”
“Watt had given up on them. But you didn’t ask me. I still believed it was Raphael. You’d convinced me, and you might have even convinced me his wife was in on it, too.
“You know who I talked to just last week?” Fleet continued. “Dr. Ramirez. Turns out you’d gotten him thinking about his operations. He started really looking into their purchasing. Judith had involved herself in ordering supplies—specifically drugs—claiming that it was on his orders. He discovered last week that the purchase orders didn’t match the deliveries.”
Beautyman was silent.
“I looked into it a bit more and called the manufacturer. Their records showed that the Venice Family Clinic ordered more doses of Propofol than their records showed. Judith was redrafting purchase orders and accounts. She was sneaking drugs out of the clinic practically before they even got there.”
“Did you take it to Upright?”
“He wasn’t exactly thrilled that I was still looking into the Raphaels, but he was willing to let me keep investigating. And that’s my point. I was on their tail. I would have gotten them.”
“Not in time to save Annabeth Murphy.”
“With the computer skills of the Flying Dutchman behind me I might have.” Beautyman was quiet again and heard Fleet sigh. She started again, “I’m sorry. I told you I go back and forth. When I called you I was hoping to convince you to fly back and spend a long weekend with me.”
“I can’t tell you how wonderful that sounds. But I think I need to spend some time away from L.A. I can’t tell you how tired I am.”
“Well, the offer stands. I hope you’ll take me up on it. How’s the weather?”
“Muggy like you wouldn’t believe. If you’re trying to lure me back, that’s certainly the ticket.”
Fleet laughed. “I’ll remember that. Just do me a favor. Don’t change your number without letting me know first. And call me. Even if you don’t think you can come back yet, I it would be nice to talk.”
“I will.”
“Oh, and one more thing. I told Brad who you really were. He was having nightmares thinking that he’d actually helped a serial killer. You should reach out to him.”
“I’ll apologize to him, don’t worry.”
“And as far as we’re concerned, Dutchman is behind bars. You’re going to have to find a new alias.”
“I’ll think of something new.”
“All right. Thanks for everything, Arthur.”
“Thank you, Jackie.”

Beautyman hung up the phone. The porch was quiet and the wind was still. He was sweating in the summer heat.
L.A. was his home, but he didn’t know if he could go back. It was as if the city itself had caused his sins, pulling on his vanity and his ego. A break would do him good. 
Beautyman turned back inside, where his mother and a hand of gin rummy were waiting.

Continue reading for the first chapter of
The Marinara Murders, the sequel to The Saints Go Dying,
now available on Amazon, Nook, and iBooks
The Marinara Murders
Chapter 1
Arthur Beautyman sat unmoving in his mom’s basement, trying to ignore the hard thump of her heel on the floor above him.
“Arthur!” Ruth called. He heard her heel fall again. “Julie stayed late to see you!”
Julie Diamond was Ruth’s favorite bridge partner. Since moving back in with his mother he’d noticed that Ruth tended to cancel Thursday bridge parties if she couldn’t have Julie across the table from her. He knew she was one of his mom’s closest friends, but he hadn’t warmed to her. Like the rest of his mom’s new friends, he felt she was an imposter—an older parody of the women he remembered visiting the house when he was a child.
But Beautyman was no longer a child. He was a 41-year-old man currently hiding from company in the basement. And even he was getting a little embarrassed by his mother’s shouts and stomps.
Beautyman pressed a key on the computer keyboard that sent his screen into lockdown. Now only a 20-digit password would unlock the computer. It would take the Feds, or anyone else for that matter, years to crack through the 256-bit cipher to gain access.
He stood and grabbed a ticket to the Vikings game later that night. It wasn’t for another couple hours but he would use the game as an excuse to leave if he needed to.
“There you are, Arthur. I thought you were ignoring me,” Ruth said as her son appeared in the doorway to the kitchen.
“I had my headphones on, Mom,” Beautyman answered. He kissed the top of her head and went to the cabinet. “Would you care for a drink, Mrs. Diamond?” he asked, pulling a glass out.
“Good heavens, she’s been sitting here for two hours and you think I haven’t offered her something?” Ruth asked.
“I’m fine, thank you, Arthur. Ruth made me some tea,” Julie answered.
Beautyman looked over at her as he filled his glass from the sink. She didn’t look fine. In fact, he might have guessed that she had been sitting at the table for two hours without even a glass of water. Her skin was ghastly pale and an uneven application of makeup couldn’t hide it. Over her head she wore a bright red turban, tight against her temples with not a hair showing underneath it.
“You like it?” Julie asked, putting her hand to her head. “It’s a little like that poem. I figured if I had to wear something right now it should at least be pretty, right?” She gave a small forced laugh, and Beautyman was impressed she could muster that.
He sat at the table across from her and rested his forearms on the cool Formica surface. “I do like it. It looks warm too.”
“I’ve lived in Minnesota all my life but I had no understanding of how cold it actually was. Without my hair the chill just cuts through me.” Julie looked down at her teacup. Beautyman couldn’t tell whether she expected a response and without one, the room fell into an awkward silence.
“She has a case for you,” Ruth said several seconds later.
Beautyman’s head snapped up in surprise. He’d assumed this was a social visit, that his mother had wanted him to spend 20 minutes with her friend avoiding the topic of pancreatic cancer. He hadn’t imagined that Julie Diamond was here to see him. Although wasn’t that exactly what his mother had been shouting?
He didn’t even know where to begin. “Ah … Mrs. Diamond, I don’t know what my mother’s told you—”
“That you were the best detective the Los Angeles Sheriff’s Department ever saw,” Ruth cut in. “It’s the truth and you know it.”
 “I’m not in L.A. anymore.”
“You can be a detective here.”
She said it with the force of someone who had no idea what she was talking about, Beautyman thought. Like when she deleted the first chapter of her “memoirs” from the computer and insisted that he could bring them back. “I’m done with all that. No department is going to hire me after what happened.”
“I’m not asking you to join up again, Arthur. Just get your feet wet as a private detective and see if you still like it.”
“I don’t want to do it, Mom!”
“He’s just being obstinate, Julie, but he’ll hear you out,” Ruth said, changing strategies.
For the second time in as many minutes, Beautyman couldn’t think of a response. Not that he’d mounted an elegant argument in the first place. For the last four months it felt like he was 16 and pleading with his mom to change his 10:00 curfew.
He sulked, barely tuning in as Ruth tried to convince Julie to unload her problem onto Beautyman. Clearly his involvement was his mother’s idea, he thought. Or maybe he’d put up too much of a fight in front of his mom’s friend. He winced.
“I’m sorry, Mrs. Diamond, my mother and I seem to have that fight more and more often,” he said. “But now you’ve got me curious.” It was a lame explanation partnered with a lame smile, but Julie stopped packing tissues into her purse. So maybe she did want his help.
“It’s my grandson, Jake. He’s been gone for so long … no one imagined we’d ever see him again.”
“When did he leave?” Beautyman asked.
“Three years ago. There was a note that made it sound like he … like he was going to drown himself in Lake Calhoun. When he disappeared the police searched the lake but there was no body, just his jacket. But we all knew. He’d been having such a hard time … We just knew that he had gone through with it.
“Since then we’ve had so much death visit our family. First Jake’s mom—my daughter-in-law Ellen. She died two years ago in a car accident. Then my diagnosis just a few months ago … it’s been too much. Nathan never came back like he promised—he’s on Wall Street doing who-knows-what. And May is in Europe thinking she’s getting cultured but probably just drinking a lot.”
“Nathan and May?” Beautyman asked.
“All grandchildren. Nate’s the oldest, then Jake, then May.”
He wished he had a pen to keep track of the names being thrown at him. He looked over at his mother to ask for one but saw that he needn’t have worried. She would know the names of Julie’s grandchildren as if they were her own.
“But my son Henry keeps pushing on,” she said, smiling fondly, as if his perseverance were a great in-joke. “He opens his restaurant tonight. If Ellen were around to see it I know she would have been so proud.”
Her voice cracked and Beautyman let her regain her composure without interruption.
“Jake named it, actually. Years ago when Henry first said he wanted to open a restaurant—and not just any restaurant, the finest restaurant in Minneapolis—it was Jake who suggested he name the restaurant Carat.” Julie smirked and Beautyman’s face mirrored hers, a habit formed in many interrogation rooms. Maybe he had something of a detective’s soul left in him.
“What an awful pun, Henry Diamond naming his first restaurant Carat,” Julie said. “But he thought the name had a certain flair, and after Jake disappeared, I don’t think there was any doubt what he was going to name it.
“We … we all thought it was behind us, I think. We’d each made peace with it, as best as we could. Until yesterday, when Jake came back into our lives.” Julie’s face suddenly collapsed into tears.
“He came home?” Beautyman was confused, and his mother’s startled look made a mockery out of any vain belief that he still was on his game. A good detective would have known what was coming next.
“Jake’s body was found yesterday,” Ruth said, her arm around her friend. “In Lake Calhoun.”
“They said he’d only been in the lake a couple hours before they found him,” Julie said, her nose red and sniffling. “A couple hours! That’s it. After being gone so long, after making us think he’d killed himself … he’s been alive? He’s been here? And now taken from us again. It’s like I’m living it all over again.” She started crying again. “I just want to know where he’s been the last three years, that’s all I want. Why did he do this to us?”


Acknowledgements
My thanks to Mary Holste, Dennis and Kathy Hanberg, Andrew Fry, Mary Lloyd, Alicia Lawver, Dan Voelpel, Angela Batie, and John Morton for their help and encouragement in making The Saints Go Dying a reality.

About The Author
Erik Hanberg lives in Tacoma, Washington, with his wife Mary.
He writes regularly about the writing, books, movies, and technology on his blog erikhanberg.com. You can also follow him on Twitter: @erikhanberg

