No Cause to Die For
By
David W. Dilley
Copyright 2011 David W. Dilley
Smashwords Edition

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
Thank you for downloading this free ebook. Although this is a free book, it remains the copyrighted property of the author, and may not be reproduced, copied and distributed for commercial or non-commercial purposes. If you enjoyed this book, please encourage your friends to download their own copy at Smashwords.com, where they can also discover other works by this author. Thank you for your support.

DEDICATION
As I consider the time I have spent in researching and working on this book, I must acknowledge that without the support and encouragement of friends, I would not have continued this endeavor.  I have received great joy from this experience and am grateful for all my friends and their support.
We must remember that without friends we are seriously lacking in one of the major influences that can help us deal with life. Our friends can give us valuable personal insight and provide us with learning experiences that we otherwise would not have had. 
There are many special friends who have given me the inspiration to write this book.  These friends have provided the support and incentive to embark upon this labor of love. I dedicate this book to those special friends, guiding lights in this daily trek through life’s continued voyage.  I thank you all for your input and direction. You are truly rare gems!

PREFACE
The writing style used in this book does not follow any particular style for grammar, punctuation, spelling, capitalization, or any other form that is acceptable by English standards. It is, however, a style of its own, combining various forms, and non-forms, to bring to the reader a more fluent verse of conversation and thought.
Two notations in particular indicate breaks in thought, speech or time/location. The ellipsis ( ... ) are used to indicate a pause or break in thought or speech when used within text.  When placed at the end of a line or on a line by themselves, they are used to indicate a change of time, location, or scene.
Unlike many books, chapters are organized and arranged to provide quick stopping off points for specific time frames, locations, ideas, happenings, or change of thoughts. Some chapters are longer than others because they focus on information provided to give the reader an “inside” look at the characters lives, while other chapters are quite short and meant to lead into other situations.
It is the intention of the author to provide a textual environment that best represents the actual syntax of the moment. In conversation, as also in thoughts, we do not preface our words with he said or she said. Neither do we add the common literary suffixes belaboring the fact that the preceding statement was spoken by the person who said it.
In some case, the reader will find words have been “bastardized” in order to provide a more phonetic sounding word to represent the original spoken word. In other instances, the author has used misspellings and phonetic spellings to portray an emotion or style being exhibited by the person speaking.
It is the authors hope that as the reader becomes more familiar with this style, they will find the material more like conversation that they encounter in everyday life. This should help make the character’s speech easier to understand, and more enjoyable to follow.

CHAPTER 1
As he sat at his desk he scanned through the national morning paper. Skipping from one article to another, he gleaned the basic facts from the happenings the day before. He stopped on one item and read it over carefully. The headline read: DESPAIRED STUDENT TAKES LIFE. It said that at one of the Midwestern universities, a discouraged student committed suicide by jumping from the top on a dormitory building.
While it was tragic, the senseless death of a college student was not what kept his attention. Further on in the article it indicated the student was about to graduate with honors, and would have been continuing study for a Masters.  Friends had indicated that no despondency, or change in behavior was noticeable in the few days prior to the death.
Berry was wondering what would drive a person to take their own life. Why would I... there's no good reason... I suppose if I were desperate enough... naw, there's NO good reason!
He sometimes struggled with his own existence. He would look into this he decided... kinda like a real case. He just couldn't accept it. Not because foul play seemed to be involved, but because he needed to know for himself... why?
He laid the paper down and swung his chair around. Here he was at last. His own business, doing something he liked, free to follow his own path. What more could a person ask for?
As he glanced around the room, he felt as if he was in the presents of a wise old friend. The Collier Building was quite old with a long history. It was now doing double duty as his office and living quarters. Berry had always liked the old building, and when he got a chance to buy it he couldn't pass it up.
When he got it from the city, it had been used for several years to store the Christmas decoration for the downtown shopping areas. The city acquired it in the 70's, and used it to maintenance school buses until the mid 80's. The ground floor had several large garage doors that allowed access. Except for support pillars, the concrete floor area was open, with no dividing walls. A stair case ran along the west wall leading up to the main floor.
The layout of the main floor was almost the same, with the exception of an enclosed area about 12 feet wide to the right of the stair landing.  This area, which had once served as the warehouse office, was now a bedroom and adjoining bathroom.
It had been built in 1903 by the Hershel W. Collier Company.  The company had been a family owned business that repaired and supplied parts for horse drawn delivery wagons. During the 20's, rumor has it that it was used by local bootleggers to hide shipments of booze.
Up until 1944, it served as various warehouses of one type or another. In '44 the building became the city's rally point for scrap drives to help with the war effort. According to those who know, or pretend to know, the owner donated its use for the sundry drives organized to save money. They say that the Andrews Sisters came, along with others, on a national tour to sell war bonds, and dedicated the building to that use.
After the war, until the city bought it, it was everything from a gambling joint, to a missionary outreach. Berry thought about the history that was written in these walls. If only they could talk... what they know... what they've seen...
Looking about the room he noticed that it seemed to adjust to the new situation quite well. In the far corner, a small kitchenette angled around the walls, covering a few feet on both sides. Bounded by a small refrigerator on one end, and a stove on the other, the cabinets, sink, and microwave were nestled in between. A round table sat in the middle of the V, almost giving it a real kitchen look.
The adjacent corner was now the home of a most magnificent display of electronics and computer equipment. Berry had designed his own systems. It allowed him to search various data banks for help in solving cases and correlated the information gathered. He had added a few of his own little gadgets to the system. The combination of various graphs and readouts, displayed on the row of computer monitors, gave it the appearance of a NASA control panel.
Next to it, along the wall, was the "OFFICE" as he referred to it. The office consisted of several desks, mostly covered with papers, and a row of filing cabinets with many of the drawers left pulled out. As always, the area was in a state of disarray. Berry had his own method of filing things. The top of each pile held the most current papers, with the date descending as you moved further down the pile... some day he would get around to entering everything into his computer's data bank... but until then... this would work.
As it was his habit every morning, the TV was on blearing the news to anyone within earshot who was willing to listen. He glanced up just in time to catch a story about an anti-government group in Nevada having a shoot-out with the FBI... stupid! ... what dummies!... don't they know you can't fight city hall... or the federal government for that matter... They got all the guns... all we have is people... his voice echoed slightly off the walls as he mused out loud.
The Morning News, and then the Morning Talk Show, it was beginning to be a habit. First the cold hard facts of the day... who's at war... how's the economy... what's gone wrong with the presidents plans now!... and then... whew! … a break! ... entertainment... plain fun. No worries… just enjoy their little bantering… such a waste of time... but so much fun to watch!!... he settled down to be entertained... and lost track of time...
Berry swung his chair around again to come face to face with what he considered an obnoxious reminder of his life going by. There, yelling out at him in those glaring red numerals, was the time, chastening him for losing track... 9:48 AM it shouted... he was going to be late!!
He had a 10:00 appointment with Stanley Gruter at the University Development Office. That was a 15 minute drive from here. He grabbed his note pad and took off across the room like a jackrabbit startled from its hiding place. Holy Smokes... what am I going to tell Gruter? He won't be pleased... Berry thought about several stories he could tell that might make it sound as if he was really busy and lost track of time... boy, if he knew I was watching TV.
...
By the time he pulled up to the front of the office, it was 10:13. He had made good time, but he was still late. His mind flew with a thousand explanation scenarios... now what can I say?... I suppose I could... As he crossed the path leading to the plate glass doors, his mind was blank, but by then it was too late.
He could see Gruter standing just inside the doors, waving his hand, motioning for him to come on in. As he stepped through the door, Gruter grabbed him by the arm and began leading him down the corridor to his office. I'm so glad you’re here Berry! I was worried that something may have kept you from coming. I don't know what I would have done if you weren't available to help. It’s kind of sensitive... aahh... we'll talk in my office!
Berry had no problem with that. He was just glad he didn't have to deal with a lecture on tardiness. Stanley had been a teacher for 26 years before his position at the university. He had a tendency to treat people like students. Berry had worked for him several times before involving employees suspected of stealing. Once he had been a day late, according to Gruter, turning over his findings, and Gruter had launched into a lecture on the importance of promptness.
Sit down Berry. I'll fill you in on my little problem. It seems that there is a feud going on inside the organization that controls our state college system. A certain faction wants to eliminate all sports programs from state supported schools. Their philosophy is that since funds are short, all current funding should go to academic endeavors for the advancement of state educational facilities. And since extracurricular activities are primarily used for recreation, funding should be stopped.
This position is not new.  It has been debated in academic circles ever since the first students received an education in exchange for their physical abilities.
The other faction points out that these institutions receive large amounts of money from the revenue they generate off of the sporting events, and are given donations from alumni that are pleased with a team’s performance. 
So who's winning? Berry wasn't really curious.., he just wanted to sound like he was paying attention.
That's just why I called you Berry. Up until now, prudence demanded we academic types make bedfellows with the sports types. Even I can see the necessity of it. In reality, if it weren't for the income from some of our sports programs, we would have to close some of our less profitable colleges.
But now things are changing.  The anti-sports faction has an advantage. The famous social psychologist and author Marie Burton has joined their ranks. She was appointed to the Governing Board last fall. From the information I have obtained, they have formed an un-official committee to spearhead the movement.. They call it the Committee to Disband College Sports.
Our University is governed by this Board. We have to abide by its rulings... however, we have no intentions of disbanding our sports programs. This would mean we would also have to close several of our less profitable colleges.
One of our major drawing factors is that we offer such a wide range of educational choices. You can see how it could lead to the total down scaling of the university... loss of jobs... loss of income... a disaster for the whole economy of this area.
Berry was thinking how this was much bigger than finding a dishonest employee. A bigger price too! So you want me to keep an eye on this situation and try to sway the balance... or something like that.
Gruter looked straight at Berry. The look of a desperate man was on his face. You can see how sensitive this is. I don't have to tell you what could happen if it leaks out that I hired you. This has to be kept quiet. Your job is to keep me informed of all information you obtain about this faction, its plans, and it members.
In other words, you want me to dig up dirt you can use to discredit them. Berry got right to the point.
No. I didn't say that! What I said... Berry cut him off... I know what you said. And if along the way, I happen to find out something that... let’s say is less than perfect about them... something you can use against them... you wanta know.
Stanley, I'm not so sure that the university and this community would be damaged as badly as you say if this group won their battle... but you've hired me to do a job, and that's what I'll do. As far as the dirt goes, if it’s pertinent I'll include it. I'll call you this Saturday at 9:00 to set a time we can meet to review what I have found out. Until then...
Berry got up, shook Gruter's hand and promptly exited the office. He was feeling kind of perky. A major assignment, full fee plus bonuses, and he had left with the upper hand on old Gruter. This may turn out to be a great day after all!

CHAPTER 2
It was raining. The constant ping ping ping of the rain striking the metal pipes on the old warehouse roof produced a strange calm in the building. Like a relaxing alpha rhythm it attached itself to the atmosphere, soothing everything within its range. Berry stared out the window almost in a trance from the rhythm.
In big letters written across the windows were the words SULLIVAN INVESTIGATIONS. His own agency… his own hours… his own worries! He had put together all the money he could to start the business. He had knowledge of electronics, and a good understanding of what makes people tick.
From these talents and lot of long hours at the job, he had built a fairly nice income doing something that he enjoyed. This new case was a big break. It involved major players, and state politics. If he worked it right this thing might just build him a reputation and that could put him on to bigger things.
The ringing telephone startled Berry out of his musings. Sullivan Investigations... Berry Sullivan speaking.
The voice on the other end was that of a young lady. I need to see you Mr. Sullivan. It’s very important! I have some information that will bring the entire organization down, and drag those bastards along with it. Meet me at the Chancy Inn by the pool around eleven this evening... Before Berry could ask who was calling the line went silent... she had hung up. What the heck was that all about? Could she have been talking about the State College Governing Board and the Committee to Disband College Sports? Nah, that was too easy. To get an assignment in the morning and be given all the answers that night! It might be a great day, but it couldn't be that good! He had been at this business too long to expect answers that quick.
He wondered what the caller was really referring to. As he was beginning to consider all of the possibilities, the phone interrupted his musings again. This time it was Muffin.
The nick name Muffin is probable somewhat deceiving.  He might be considered a strong man, or a large man, even a feared man, but never a muffin. Muffin was far from being a muffin.
He was dubbed Muffin after eating 2 dozen blueberry muffins one morning for breakfast. His real name is Roger Dempsey and Roger is a huge black man who stands like a thick tower shoulders above most people. He is for all intents and purposes a kind of trouble shooter.
Sup Berry? Ya got any action for me? Roger spoke in a voice that was somewhere between gravel and James Earl Jones. Actually, his tone was somewhat richer and a little fuller than Mr. Jones's. For a period of time during the 80's, he worked as an announcer on a classical music station. His deep rich voice was perfect for the soothing dialogue that accompanied that type of format.
Muffin, what ya doing right now? I need to talk to ya.
Talk my brother, tell me what's on yer mind.
Don't wanta use the land line, if ya know what I mean… too many ears paying attention. Can ya drop by... say in about an hour? ... we could go over it then.
Your time is my time. I'll be there with bells on... on second thought... forget the bells! Folks might think I'm strange.
Muffin, Folks KNOW yer strange! See ya in an hour.  As Berry hung up the phone, his thoughts turned to Muffin and his incredible talents. Roger was just what Berry needed to find out what was going on. He had ways of finding out things that could stump a magician.
Berry had heard that Roger had ties with underworld crime figures, and even some government spy types, which could be true. But it really didn't matter. They had been good friends for so long, that they accepted each other at face value. Berry didn't care where Muffin got his info, as long as it was accurate, which it always was, and he didn't have to deal with Roger’s sources, which he usually didn’t!  Berry was remembering when he and Roger were working two bit jobs for hacks on the avenue... a lot of leg work...and boring too...
…
It wasn't long before Muffin came bounding up the stairs like an anxious teenager. He was excited about the possibility of getting involved with real case. The last time he helped Berry, he spent several days talking to local fences, trying to find what he thought was some insignificant piece of stereo equipment. This time maybe he'll get to do something more important... like tail a suspect, or head a surveillance team.
Hey Bear, Fill me in! What ya got goin? Muffin didn't waste any time getting to the point as he crossed the room. Berry was typing at the computer terminal. Hope this is more than some an old missing stereo like the last time. I've been itching to do some real detective work!
Well it ain’t the Maltese Falcon if that's what you were wanting, but it is rather important. Berry continued to type at the computer. I'm running a check on some data I need about the case now...
What I need from you is some of that special inside information you’re so famous for. I need to know all you can find on a group of people that call themselves the Committee to Disband College Sports.  You know... names, positions, occupations, their families... that sort of thing. I'm not really looking for anything special, just general info. If you run into anything interesting, let me know as soon as possible. That's it in a nut shell.
The Committee to Disband College Sports… sounds like a dangerous organization to me. You want I should call in some heat? Muffin made light of the assignment in his usual manner. He was thinking it was probably another small time case leading to nowhere.
Berry read his mind… Look bud, this IS big time. It involves state politics, influential people, hidden plots, the whole nine yards! Berry was trying to make it sound a little more important than HE really thought it was. I need your help. This case just may put Sullivan Investigations on the map!
Ok, ok I see your point, but if you part your hair on the other side I don't think it'll show.
Ha ha ha… very funny Muffin… 10 thousand comedians out of work and you’re trying to become one.
Yea, but my lines are better that yours! 10 thousand comedians! ... like I never heard that one before... you need some new material! You want me to give you something out of Muffin's book of great lines for all occasions? I got some good ones!
Save your wit. It would probably be wasted on me. My problem is timing! I never can get my timing right. People say I'll be late for my own funeral. 
Now see. That's just what I mean. It’s not your timing, it your lines! Late for your own funeral...that's not fresh, it’s old stuff... now, some old stuff can be new stuff... if its old enough... you just have to know the age of your audience, and this audience is old enough to remember most of Henny Youngman’s material... like when I was about six I remember...
This is quite fascinating Muffin... Berry interrupted him before he got into telling about old time vaudeville acts... but I have a truck load of things I gotta do before this day is done, and I'm not getting them done by discussing the proper material for a comedy act with you. The only time I have free TODAY is around MIDNIGHT... I think I might be able to squeeze you in for a second or two then.
There ya go! Now that was a good line, I mean squeeze you in at midnight... at that time it’s really the next day... so... not at all!... now if you could keep that up for a half hour or so, it would make a great act! We could call ourselves Berry & Muffin... get it... Berry Muffin... that's great! Roger roared in that booming bass voice of his with a laugh so full that seemed to shake the rafters. He crossed the room towards the stairway. I'll call you as soon as I learn anything...
As Muffin left the building his stern look showed that the wheels were already turning in his head. He may have made light of the assignment upstairs, but as Berry already knew, Muffin took every assignment he was given serious. It was just his nature to make a joke out of everything.
…
There they were. Those irritating iridescent red numbers of the clock… scolding him like a mother scolds a dawdling child. It was 2:30 and he still hadn't completed the check of data files on his computer... and when this was done he would need to check the National archive database.  The American Location Logistics Archive Data Information Network, or ALLADIN for short, listed information about National organizations, fraternal groups, and all sorts of membership clubs along with business concerns and government agencies.
The information usually included the name of the director or founder, the group’s philosophies, rules, membership, and general data on the group’s activities. Many of the listings also gave the name and address of the officers. Berry was hoping that he would get lucky and find some information on the committee there.
He would have to run an automatic search for download and then review the data when he returned. There wasn't time for that now. At 3:00 he had to attend a lecture at the police institute on crime scene observation techniques. The person giving the lecture was a close friend of his and had asked him to participate in a demonstration. He was wondering if there was any way he could squirm out of it when the phone rang.
I was just thinking about you... it was Dianne Cummings from the Law Institute on the other end… 3:00 right? ... Sure, I'll be there... I know you’re counting on me... right... bye. What a wimp I am… I had my chance to back out and I blew it

CHAPTER 3
About half way through the lecture he realized just why he liked her. She was intelligent, confident, and had the face of an angel... face of an angel... he felt like that sounded a bit chauvinistic but it described his feelings accurately.
She was graceful, elegant, all those words that had described a real lady to him as a kid... the attributes he had admired so much in his mother. Yet she was different somehow… stronger maybe... more confident... maybe she was just more of a today’s woman.
Berry's mom was of the generation that believed they were to stay at home, raise babies, and serve their husbands.  It was the way things were done then. Now a woman could do whatever she wanted. She isn't limited to becoming a housewife... housewife... Berry never did like that term. It sounded as if the woman was married to the house... and that may be how it seemed to them too he thought...
Mr. Sullivan… would you to please come up here now. Ladies and gentleman I have asked one of our local investigative professionals to assist me in a demonstration of crime scene observations. As you will see when the curtain is pulled, we have set up a crime scene. In this scenario a call was received by the local police department in which the caller reported that his house was broken into and he was robbed by two men wearing ski masks...
As Berry crossed the stage he couldn't help thinking about the call he had received and the meeting tonight at 11:00. Had it something to do with his current investigation? Would he find out some deep dark secret about a member of the Board? She had said that her information... how did she put it... would bring the entire organization down. He would have to wait till eleven to find out. This was one time the clock was running too slow! 
Pardon me... oh yes... that is correct.... his mind was not on the lecture... he figured he had better get with the program or he was in for another lecture when he was finished.  Berry began to concentrate on the demonstration...
...
Afterwards Berry met with Dianne back at her office. As he walked through the office door she waved to him to take a seat. He could tell she was on the phone with some department head discussing finances.
Can't you see how that makes us look Henry? We can't even provide properly bound material for our lecture notes... Yea, well who's gonna wanna come, Andy Taylor and Barney Fife? ... Yes, I know, but if we don't do something soon we're gonna lose more money from lack of attendance... that WOULD be a shame. We have so much to offer! ... Well, you’re the boss, I'm just one of the worker bees... Ok... I have some ideas...I'll discuss them with you later... Bye
Money troubles at the institute? Berry tried to show some interest.
Oh, it’s the same all over the university. The state's cutting back so we have to cut back, only I wish they'd find some other place to cut funds. This lecture series is aimed at top level police management and professional law enforcement personnel. It’s not that I want to impress these people, it’s just that quality always speaks the loudest... and what we have to say is important... it could mean the difference between allowing a criminal to strike again or putting them behind bars.
I'm not sure putting criminals in jail solves anything. The only skills they seem to learn is how to be better criminals. Berry wasn't soft on crime… he just believed that work camps and educational work programs provided a better alternative.
We all know your stance on prison Berry, I was just saying that better detection provides better evidence... and evidence is what convicts. Listen… let's not get into that now... I have enough hassles with Henry over finances...you want to go get an early dinner? I'm free until seven. We could get some take out and go back to my place.
Sounds good to me. You buyin?
I didn't say that. I just said we could get some take out. But I suppose that if you're low on cash... like always... I could treat. What do ya say?
Sure.  Berry grinned a sheepish grin.  He was thinking that he hadn’t meant to “beg” dinner, he had money... it was just his way of playing that game of give and take... that funny word game that so much of the world’s conversation revolves around. He had never been very good at that, always saying the wrong thing at the wrong time... and here it was again... she had money worries at the school, and he was reminding her by discussing who pays... I have got to be more sensitive to these things... pay more attention... his thoughts were formed from a real concern...
...
The trip from Gruderman’s Deli to Dianne's house took about 20 minutes. It gave both of them time to relax and enjoy each other’s company. They didn't say much. They didn't have to. There is a kind of silent conversation that exists between kindred spirits, and for them it allows a form of communication that uses only their feelings. Words would have just gotten in the way...
...
After dinner they spent some time discussing each other’s day and exchanging hugs for support. They left the apartment a little before seven and she dropped Berry off at the Institute where he had left his car. Dianne sped off to a 7:00 meeting leaving Berry to sort through the cars in the lot until he found his.
Maybe that's why she always has more money he thought. Her car is at least a year older than mine! As he climbed in he was thinking how much payments would be if you combined the two car loans. Might be cheaper... Whoah, what am I thinking? One step at a time... the last time you rushed things it did some real damage... didn't really get to know the situation well enough... I won't do that again!  His mind wondered to the past...
He hadn't had much luck with women. Most of them had only wanted something he had, and it wasn't him! His first wife got a quick divorce and took off with an actor type she met at the local community college. They had only been married eight months when she left Berry. Her new lover was tall, dark, and had the look of a worldly man, as she had put it... He was worldly all right. He left her alone in California a few months later leaving her without an income or friends to fall back on.
His second marriage had lasted a little longer. He and Denise had been married almost a year when things went bad.  She began staying out all night. Towards the end, she would stay gone for several days at a time.
She had become addicted to cocaine again. As it turns out, before they met, she had been in several institutions trying to kick the habit. One night a sheriff’s deputy came to his door. Denise had been found in one of the local crack houses. She was dead. She had overdosed on cocaine. The funeral and the months following also took their toll on him
The most important relationship had been with Celeste. She was a top fashion model. Celeste was tall and slender… a perfect figure for modeling, and a face to match. Beautiful features, a creamy complexion, high cheek bones, and long blond hair. He had admired her from a far for many years before they actually met. She was class, and seemed to elevate him to a higher level just by being with him. They had been married seven years but never had children.
Things begin to fall apart after a while. Between her drive up the social ladder, and his need to continually educate himself, their  relationship was left out in the process. Her affections wandered and his faded, leaving an empty shell where love once had been.
...
Maturity brings wisdom they say. He may have become wiser now, but he had definitely become more cynical from it.  Pulling into the garage on the bottom floor of the old warehouse, he pressed his thumb on the control and closed the door behind him. He kind of liked that.
It was like shutting out the world. A symbolic gesture of closing out all that does not belong. When the door is shut only those things you want to include can come in. You have the control. Not like the real world, where some invisible force controls the sway of human business... first bending it this way and than that... like a tree being pushed and pulled by the forces of the wind.
Walking in the door and turning to the alarm control Berry was chastened again. There on the alarm box, just above the keypad, was that never tiring blaze of digits spelling out the time. 7:45 and I still haven't checked all of the info from ALLADIN.
He was beginning to think there was some dark force swaying him... away from the data...off to another area, one that leads him away from the truth... it wanted him to ignore the information... wanted him to miss something... Nahh... it's just his lousy timing.
I TOLD Muffin I have bad timing... he was thinking about jokes now. Funny stories he could tell her, something to make her laugh and enjoy his company.  He really wanted to please her more than any relationship before...
It was curious, and not like him to spend so much time thinking about love... he made a mental note to check his emotions for bad programming...

CHAPTER 4
That afternoon, while Berry was busy with Dianne, Muffin was checking all his usual sources for information. He had been to Fat Daddies and had struck out there. Either no one there every heard of this organization, or they weren't talking, and that wasn't likely. He had always had a good relationship with the guys that hung out there. There was no reason for them to lie to him.
The gangs in the city were always on top of anything that was going on. Muffin knew most of their members. As he rounded the corner onto 1st street he decided to pay one of them a visit. The Disciples headquarters was in an abandon garage off of the 1st street bridge. When he pulled up to the front of the garage a gang member named Bobby V strolled up to the car.
Say Bro! Sup? You here ta pay ya respect ta de mahn? Bobby wore dreadlocks and liked to talked in a Jamaican accent even thought he was raised on the south end of town. He liked the image.
Taint nothin. Just cruzin the hood... checkin the scenery. Muffin tried to ease the mood a little.
Yaah, well don't check too close, Bro... may see sometin dat'll hurt ya! Lata scary tings in da woods... lions ‘n tigers... ya know!
I ain't here for no trouble Bobbie... just need some info... maybe some help from the crew... if you can swing it... if you got the clout. He knew that Bobbie considered himself the leader of the disciples. The taunt was calculated to buy him some help.
Clout! Clout!! Wah chu mean Bro!! Ya talkin ta de mahn! I am de mahn! I say what goes! If I say we help de brahdah... we help de brahdah... so what you want?
I need to find out all I can about an organization called the Committee to Disband College Sports. They wantta get rid of all sports at state colleges and put the money used for sports into educational facilities like classrooms and labs. 
Whoooh Bro!! Dat would be bad for de brahdahs! Most deese kids don't have no chance to get an ad ju cashun. If day take way sports, day won't be none dat have a chance ta make it atta here.
Bobby understood the value of an education. He was hard, from being raised on the streets, and angry at the world for what it had dealt him, but he knew that there was a better way. It kind of gave him a sense of duty. He couldn't have it, but maybe he could see to it that others had a chance.  Tell ya what, Bro, ya drop back buy dis Friday aft’noon... we see what we cun do... hang loose brahdah...
Bobby strutted away like peacock proud of his colors. He felt like he was doing something for the hood!
...
It was getting late in the afternoon and Roger hadn't had a chance to eat yet. This was something he usually didn't miss, but he had been so tied up in trying to get some information, that the day had slipped by. Just a short distance away was the Green Grotto. His thoughts turned to their bill of fare. By now, Roger knew it by heart.  The Green Grotto was a strange sort of club. It was an old corner drug store that had been converted into a restaurant and a nightclub. These days it served as a local hang out for the alternate lifestyles set and those who still fancied themselves beatniks or hippies or whatever they called themselves now... Any time you enter those doors there was no telling who or what you might run into. 
It was mostly dark inside with a few neon sculptures placed strategically to light the path ways from one area to another. Once the eyes become adjusted to the light, dark burgundy walls could be seen covered with black twine fish nets. The ceiling was smooth with several antique ceiling fans scattered about. Live music could be heard spilling through the small doorway in the wall between the two halves
The nightclub was decorated a lot like the restaurant. Near the door, on the front end of the room a bar covered the entire wall. The long narrow floor led up to a small stage at the far end where bands played every afternoon and evening.  The music usually ranged from jazz and blues to industrial and alternative music.
It was around 4:30 when Muffin went ambling in and sat down at one of the booths. While he was reviewing the menu an old friend slid into the seat across from him.
Hi Rog, I haven't seen you here for quite some time. You out slummin?
Set down Lee, make yourself ta home, since you’re already here! Muffin alluded to his old friend Lee Harrington sitting down without being invited.
Well, I'll leave if you want me to. I'm sorry I invaded your privacy! Lee started to get up before Muffin's large hand grabbed him by the arm and sit him back down.
Sit down, sit down... I was just funnin ya! So, what ya been up to Lee?
Well, I'm just about worn out from all the verbal fighting that's been going on... you know... this group wants this, and that group wants that... heaven knows I've tried to keep the peace!
They're just so greedy... ya give um some rights... and wah lah... they’re all experts on the subject. Well, you know, I ought to let them fight it out... would serve um right... get all lumpy and turn black and blue... who'd want um then?
Sounds like you’re busy...
Well... Yes I am!, listen, I gotta go. I just stopped by to say hi. You still hangin round with that Berry Sullivan guy? Muffin nodded. Well tell him hi for me... haven't seen him since he moved out of the building next door to my apartment...
say... did he ever get that old warehouse fixed up? ... Lee had met Berry several years back when Muffin arranged for him to rent an apartment from a friend.
Yea, you outta see it! ... done real good! ... put a lota money into it... runs his company outta there now. Muffin was kind of proud of it. He had helped Berry some to fix the place up, and felt as if some of the credit was his.
Lee, before you go... ever heard of an organization called the Committee to Disband College Sports? ... I'm trying to find some background on them.
No... doesn't ring a bell.
Could you check with some of your friends... see if you can find out anything?
Well... do I get a prize if I give you the right answer? Ya know my time is valuable too! It’s like my dear mother used to say... if you scratch my back I'll scratch yours. 
That depends on how much you want to scratch! Give me a call if you hear anything...
As Lee got up to leave Roger’s food arrived. It was not a snack, but a fare of several courses, starting with cream cheese and bacon bagels and going all the way to a full plate of spaghetti and meat sauce covered with shredded parmesan cheese. From all the food sitting on the table, an onlooker might think he was expecting someone to join him. But the smile on Roger’s face revealed the great joy he took in consuming large amounts of what he considered good tasting foods.
It was several courses after the bagels, but before the giant plate of spaghetti that he considered trying to contact Darby. He really didn’t want to, but he was thinking that may be the only way to get some solid information. He hadn’t seen Darby for over 2 years, and that was ok with Roger. Whenever Darby got involved it always seemed that bad things happened. Contacting HIM could cause trouble because Roger was never sure of exactly what he would do or who he was loyal to. Darby was a free-lancer, a former CIA covert operative… or maybe NOT former… He decided he would focus on the next course and deal with whether to see Darby later.
…
Lee put his hand on Robert’s shoulder. Hi Robert, you’re looking really good these days. How are things going with you and your little project, sweetie? Lee, it’s nice to see you too. Your little trips to Jamaica must be a good way to avoid getting involved… Well that’s just what I wanted to talk to you about. I am thinking I need to be more informed… er, involved I mean. Anyway, maybe you could fill me in on a few things so I can see if I can find a place to park myself.
Lee’s bumbling attempt to segue into asking questions made Robert a little uncomfortable. So what do you want to know Lee, the personal involvements of all the gay men who are working with the project? Robert pushed back at Lee knowing it would make him uncomfortable too. In fact, his response took Lee by surprise, so much so that Lee skipped all his intended chat and got to his point. I’m sorry, I didn’t mean anything personal. It’s just that I overheard a couple of guys talking about something called the Committee to Disband College Sports, and since I really don’t care for sports much… too much violence for me… I thought maybe I could start there.
Never heard of it Lee. It’s not on my radar and not associated with anything I am working on. Listen, there is a rally meeting I have to attend, so I need to take off. It was nice talking to you Lee. Robert walked away abruptly, and left Lee standing in the hallway…
CHAPTER 5
Berry looked up from the terminal. This time that pesky clock was telling him it was almost time to meet with his anonymous caller. 10:30 already. Where had the day gone? Berry wondered if this meeting would bring him any closer to task at hand, or lead him off on some other direction that he did not have time for right now...
As he drove along the boulevard Berry noticed drops of water reflecting off the lights. Everything sparkled like new jewels. It gave a clean, fresh appearance to things, kind of like they were brand new. He wished that somehow it really worked this way. If there were troubles or problems, you could just wait for a rain… and whoosh… it would all be gone and everything would be new!
After pulling up to the hotel, the parking valet pulled his car away as he hopped up the steps to the front lobby. He felt a little like a young boy, queasy from the excitement of a first date. The anticipation was tearing him up inside.
The Chancy Inn was one of those high class hotels that catered to the most discriminating tastes. State officials and dignitaries visiting the university usual stayed there. Crossing the lobby Berry passed the chancelleries’ desk and entered the hallway leading down to the pool area.
For the first time he could remember in a while he was on time... in fact he was even early... though he didn't notice... a clock in the shape of a beer mug was hanging in the window of the lounge... silently, these soft red numbers whispered the time... 10:51.  As he entered the pool area Berry glanced around. It was designed to give the patrons an exercise room, a place to relax, and a swimming pool all in one area. 
Around the perimeter, about 14 feet above the floor, a balcony provided a running track.  At the far end were two Nautilus machines and several other pieces of exercise equipment. Along the wall on one side was a sauna booth stretching half the length. The remaining area along that wall was filled with two hot tubs.
Berry walked over to the bar that covered the length of the other wall.  Could I have a Coke? Alcohol did not agree with Berry. He usually tried to avoid it.
As he sat at one of the tables that encircled the pool, he surveyed the people situated around the room. Berry noted that only four of them were women, two of which he guessed were over 40. From the brief conversation he had with the lady over the phone, her voice sounded younger, he would have guessed that her age was maybe somewhere between 20 and 30.
The third woman was the bartender. If she was the one who had called he figured she would have said something when he ordered the drink. That left only one possible of those who were there. Berry focused his attention to her...
The clock above the bar blurted out that his contact was late. It was now 11:15, and the two older women had already left. A few minutes later the only other possible left with the young man she had been sitting with. A little perplexed, Berry continued to wait for a woman to stroll up and announce that she was there to see him. 
He was thinking about going to get another Coke when a man approached him wearing one of the Hotel's blazers.  Are you Mr. Berry Sullivan? He was holding an envelope in his hand. Berry nodded his head.  I apologize for the delay Mr. Sullivan. A young lady left this for you at the front desk just before shift change. She asked that it be delivered too you here at the pool at 11:00, but the desk captain didn't find it until a few minutes ago. Sometimes things get misplaced between shifts, I'm sorry if this has caused you any inconvenience.
Thank you was all Berry said as he took the envelope. He felt that it HAD caused him some inconvenience. It was inconvenient that he might not be finding out what this was all about yet.  The note inside the envelope confirmed this hunch. It read:
They know about me. I think I'm being watched. I can't risk a meeting now. Call 555-3417 at 9 tomorrow morning and ask for Margie.
...
Upon returning to his office Berry checked the cross reference directory. The number in the message was listed as belonging to the Alliance For a Unified Cooperation. If memory served him correctly, the address for the organization was the same as the Green Grotto. That was curious... why would an organization have the same address as a bar and grill?
His mind wandered… he was thinking about the years before he got into the investigation business. He had not been what you would call a stable employee. His thoughts reminded him that in as little as a 10 year period of his prior life he had worked at 14 different jobs… so many different places and people were running through his head. It was curious however that he really didn’t feel any regrets about having jumped jobs so many times. He WAS a quick learner and as soon as he got the hang of a task, he was ready to move on to the next. Most of the time he just got bored when he because proficient at a job, and then he would begin to look for new challenges. Sometimes it only took him a few days to decide that what he was doing was not what he wanted to do. On one occasion he left a job after working only an hour or so.
After all, he WAS a multi-tasker in the true sense of the word. His mind worked in a way that allowed him to consider a large amount of information simultaneously, and that along with the ability to perform physical tasks without really having to focus on what he was doing gave him an advantage over most people. He could put his body into gear, and his natural instincts would take over allowing him do what was needed physically while his mind was busy considering a thousand other bits and pieces of information that is stored in his mental filing cabinets.
I need to bring this together into a bundle that will make sense and give me a lead on what is going on. I am beginning to think that there is a thread that ties all this together.
Having spent so much time by himself, he would often talk out loud as if someone were actually listening. It was a habit he developed over the years… he was thinking that his abilities were actually perfect for this business and he had finally found work that could keep him interested for the rest of his life.

CHAPTER 6
Bip bip bip bip bip bip...the nagging sound of the alarm wrest him from the arms of Morpheus. He slapped the snooze bar on the top of the clock box and peered bleary eyed in its general direction. 7:00...time again to meet the morning...time to embrace the day and face each new situation as if it were the most important thing that day...this is the way he believed...the way he transcended this life...his look however, revealed that he was less than enthusiastic about greeting THIS day.
Starting the day as usual, with a can of Coke, the TV News and later the Talk Show, he browsed through the local morning paper looking for items of interest.
When he reached the entertainment section he began to smile. The top headline read: LOCAL MUSIC SUCCESS STORY MIKE MURDOCK VISITS. Berry remembered the early days when he and Mike were playing music with a small rock group. In those days Berry fancied himself a rock-n-roll musician. He wasn't bad at it either...he just kind of lost interest after his marriage failed.
It would be nice to talk with Mike, but it was too early to try to call him. Most musicians didn't get out of bed until afternoon, and Michael was no exception. He made a mental note to call the hotel where mike usually stayed. He would wait until 1:00 or 2:00 to assure that Mike was up...
At 9:00 Berry shut off the TV and dialed the 7 digits that might give him answers to some questions...questions that had been nagging at him ever since he received that call. On the third ring a woman's voice answered the phone.
The Alliance For a Unified Cooperation, this is Mary, may I help you.
I hope so. May I speak with Margie?
Margie?...I'm sorry, there's no Margie here.
Are you sure? She gave me this number.  She called a few days ago and wanted to speak to me. I was hoping I could get together with her today.
Sir, I don't know anyone named Margie. No one by that name works here, and I would know since I coordinate all the volunteers. You probably wrote the number down wrong. I'm sorry I can't help you...good-bye...and with that she hung up...
...
Muffin was on his way downtown. He picked up his cellular phone on the first ring. On the other end a somewhat panicky voice sprang out.
Well, yagotta dosomethin I'mgettin alotaheat fromoneathe factions When Istartedasking questionsbout this groupayours allhecksbrokeloose Idoeknow whattado...
It was Lee. He was speaking so fast that his words were running together.
Roger could hardly understand him. Whoa...slow down...what are ya talkin about?
This Committee to Disband College Sports...its caused abigruckus...I'm catchincrapfrom sompeople who belong to oneahthefactions...oneahthem told me I'dbetterkeep manoise outtafit if I knew whatsgoodferme...
I think shewas actually threatenin me...theydoewantme askinround...brings too much attention ersomethin. Whatdjagitmeinto Roger?
I don't know Lee. That's why I was asking you about it. Listen, it might be a good thing for you to lay low for a while until I can find out a little more about this. Why don't you go stay at Arnold's Place until I can sort this out.
Well, I suppose I can hang ‘round there a few days? Do you really think I'm in any danger Roger? Lee had calmed down a little.
I don't know Lee, but I believe staying there will keep you outta reach. You keep out of sight for a few days and I'll see what I can do. Muffin didn't really believe that Lee was at risk, but he knew Lee wouldn't leave him alone until he could make Lee feel more comfortable and secure. Arnold's Place was the first thing that came to his mind.
Arnold's Place is sort of a code name for a safe house that moves around town. It’s run by an old friend of Roger’s named Richard Marks. It was designed for those on the wayward side of the law, or hiding from trouble. Most who used the services are small time criminals looking to elude arrest, or trying to keep from getting caught by someone they have crossed.
Rich had rules about those he took in though. He had his own kind of morals. He would not help murders, armed robbery suspects, or those who committed violent crimes. He also avoided anyone with government involvement.
Listen Lee, I wouldn't say much about what's going on. If anyone asks, just tell em that a jealous lover is on the rampage and you're wantin to avoid trouble. It’s probably better to keep it quiet. Since I don’t know what’s going on yet, we don't want to draw too much attention. I’ll make the arrangements and call you with the current address in a few minutes. I'll contact you later at Arnold’s Place as soon as I know what’s up with this mess.
With that, Muffin switched off the cellular phone. This was looking like it might be a quite a case after all. He was beginning to wonder where all this was going to lead...
Arnold’s Place would be a good location for Lee to stay for a few days. He would feel safe there and Muffin would know where Lee was if he needed him. Muffin dialed the number to call Rich and make arrangements. He also wanted to check with Rich just to make sure it would be ok for Lee to stay there a few days, but he knew it would be. 
...
Berry's stomach was tied in knots. He didn't like it when things wouldn't add up. Why had this woman called HIM? What was the information she had all about? Why had she given him this number if no one there knew her...and why did the place he called have the same address as the Green Grotto.
Maybe Muffin had some answers. He wasn't supposed to call until Friday, but Berry couldn't wait till then...
Dialing Muffin's cell phone Berry hoped he could catch him...maybe he's in his car...he might have found out something by now...Hello, Muffin, it’s Berry. Good timing he thought...I'm getting better.
You anywhere near here? ...I need to speak with you. Can you drop by? ...Ok, I'll be here...see ya then...Berry had been careful not to say too much while connected over a cellular phone. He knew that anyone could be listening. Muffin knew it too. His responses were brief also...

CHAPTER 7
This case of yours seems to be getting under someone's skin. Muffin spoke up as he approached Berry sitting at the terminal. Say, don't you ever get up from there? That was where I left you yesterday!
No rest for the weary...when you're it...the only one in the company...you do what you have to get the job done.
You need another full time partner...take some of the load off. I happen to know someone who is willing to work for peanuts.
Yeah, well, peanuts is about all that I could afford right now. What do you mean getting under someone's skin?
Been asking around about that group you wanted some info on. I ran into Lee Harrington at the Green Grotto, and asked him to see if he could find out anything from his people. He called me a while ago all upset...
Berry stopped him...The Green Grotto...I had a sort of run in with that place this morning. I'm beginning to believe that place ties in with this case somehow.
You may be right. Lee told me that several splinter groups use the place as their headquarters. They rent the rooms upstairs from the owner. I didn't get a chance to see any of them though. I had some place I had to go after dinner. I don't think that it would be wise to try to visit them now though.
Why not? Berry pressed him to explain.
Like I said, when Lee called he was very upset. He had been asking around about the Committee, and ran into some resistance. Some people told him to keep his nose out of their business...sort of threatened him...I got him staying at Arnold's Place just so he'll feel safe. I not sure there's really any threat, but at least I know where he's at.
That explains the phone number I called this morning. A potential client asked me to call her. The number she gave me turned out to be an organization called the Alliance For Unified Cooperation...the address listed was the same as the Green Grotto...only she wasn't there. The woman who answered the phone said that no one there had ever heard of her. I'm not so sure she was being totally honest with me.
That stands to reason. Muffin nodded his head. If they're trying to keep this committee quiet, that would explain why she might have been lying to you...but she cannot escape the power of the Force...Muffin used his James Earl Jones does Darth Vader Voice...
So far the Force has been with someone else, because it sure hasn't been with me. First this woman calls and says to meet her...but she hangs up before I can find out who she is or what she wants. Then she doesn't show up, but leaves me a note with a number to call...but when I call, they never heard of her... It doesn't make sense...it’s just not logical Captain Kirk...
No one ever said it was gonna be easy... and with that Muffin left Berry sitting at the computer and turned to leave. I'll keep diggin... if I hear anything else, I'll call...
After three hours at the terminal, Berry began to feel fatigued. He had searched the small groups section, the social groups section, the political section, and most of the private clubs section, but still had found no trace of the committee.
That was the problem with ALLADIN. The placement of an organization into a section was arbitrary. There seemed to be no rhyme or reason to it. And what was worse, there was no cross index to the listings.
He decided to continue after a break and some lunch...starting fresh...maybe the search would be more fruitful...
...
1:17, the time beckoned to him from the square frame on the wall. It would be a good time to call Mike. He would probably be eating breakfast about now.
After the third ring a man answered the phone...yeh...go ahead...
This is Berry... Berry Sullivan. Could I speak with Michael Murdock please.
aaaah... babe, Mike's tied up right now...so what can I do for ya?
From the sound of the voice Berry could tell that it was one of the entourage screening Michael's calls to prevent obnoxious rock fans from bothering him. Listen, I'm not a fan...well I am a fan, but what I mean is I'm an old friend of Michael's...I'm sure he would want to speak with me...could you please tell him I'm on the phone.
Listen Babe...he's really busy...I'll tell him you called...and with that he hung up.
His abrupt manner irritated Berry. Michael had become one of the US’s biggest rock stars, drawing crowds as large as 100 thousand people at times. Berry knew that he was always getting calls from fans...and his people had to screen him from the tide of those who "wanted a piece of him"
I suppose they have to be that way, but it really is irritating! We've been good friends for a long time. You'd  think he would have told them who I am... just in case I called...oh well no harm...no big deal...I realize he has more important things to do...Berry tried to shake it off. But it made him feel a little insignificant.
He focused his attention on the listings in the computer. I really need to get this thing sorted out...there's got to be some string that ties this all together...Soon he was  so immersed in his work that he  forgot all about his call to Mike...
It was about half way through the government listing when a name jumped out at him. The Committee for the Review and Replacement of Collegiate Athletics Programs. The name had a certain similarity with the organization he was looking for. Not quite the same but it still had that ring to it.
Berry noted a peculiar entry under the organization.  It said that the committee was a sub-committee of the Public Ventures and Endeavors for Interstate Commerce, which is part of a government assistance program.
He copied all of the pertinent information into a file he was building on the case, and switching to a second terminal, started a new search for information on government agencies tied to the Public Ventures Committee.
Berry had set up the computer system so it could access several different systems at once. He had also built in numerous terminals that could be used simultaneously to share, sort, review, and process information.
Just when things were beginning to hum...like some mysterious black box system...all the switches clicking to attention...Berry their commander...a gentle tug from the phone pulled him back to earth...Hello, Sullivan Investigations...before he could say his name, a familiar voice rang out...
We're all Bozos on this bus...
And there's no getting off the bus... Berry responded automatically... How's the fingers old man? Still pickin yer licks?
At first, it sounded like some exotic code designed to confound whoever was listening... the caller responded with a poem... Mostly pickin ma nose! That's how it goes. Just give me a rose... and I'll take off my clothes...
In reality, it was two old friends exchanging taunts from the past... Michael Murdock had returned Berry's call!!
Say Berry, sorry bout yer call... I just found out about it. Billy's not to smart... means well... got nothin between the ears though... I told him to tell me if Berry called... he thought I said Harry... you know how it is... didn't even bother to get your number... had to look it up.
Yeah, ya just can't find good help anymore. No problem Mikey... I read you were in town... though I'd get ahold of ya... you gonna stay a few days, or is this a quickie?
I'll be here till Saturday. I'll be doing two shows on Thursday and Friday nights.
You gonna have any free time... maybe we could get together...
If I didn't, I would make some... couldn't come into town without seeing ya brother... whadya wanta do?
Oh, I don't know. Can you come by here? That way you could get away from the music business for a while and relax. We could decide what to do from there...
Sounds good. How do I get there?
You remember the old Collier Building I showed you a few years ago, the one I said I always wanted ta buy?
Yea, the one that used to be a bootleg joint in the 20's? Mike seemed to always remember the more colorful side of things.
Yea, That, and a lot of other things... a lot of history here. Berry gently defended his possession.
Sure, I know where it is... is seven good for you?
Yeah, that would be great! Berry was enthusiastic about their getting together.
Ok, see ya then... as they say in the business, chow baby...
It was going to be fun. It didn't matter that Berry really didn't have the time to spare. He was looking forward to seeing Mike. It had been over 2 years since they had last seen each other... and he was going to make the time... like Michael had said...
…
CHAPTER 8
High above the city, atop the Munson Towers stood a woman’s figure silhouetted against the night sky. To her, the stars seemed like millions of tiny holes poked through a black sheet. Behind it was the infinite light...the light of the universe...the power of GOD! She wanted to reach out and touch the light...become part of the light...she could almost feel it flow through her body.
It called to her...spoke to her...told her secrets. You are special it said...you have great powers...you can transcend life...you are free from these earthly bonds.
She stood near the edge of the building...the wind forced her hair to one side and pushed at her blouse until it snapped and popped. As she stared into the night...her mind raced from one incredible scene to another.
A melting of the background into surreal pictures of life...blended with hues of purple and red, and green and blue, swirling, twirling and cascading to the end point...
To that end she must travel...flying to the source...the universal light...supporting her with its wings...YES she could fly...slip this mortal shell and become ethereal. As she stepped forward into the night...her mind tossed far from reality...she stepped over the edge.
A woman's body plunged through the darkness...down towards the concrete below, passing darkened window after window, twisting and turning as it descended and with a sharp smack it made contact...
...
When Berry picked up the phone, mike's familiar voice responded. I'm out here in the car...what  ja  wanna  do?
Tugging on the phone cord, he walked over to the window. Below he could see a large black limo pulled half way up to the center garage door. Hang on a sec...he strolled over to the panel and pressed a button that opened the door...just have him pull it in...he can park it inside...I'll be down to meet ya.
He hung the phone up and crossed the room to the staircase. Hopping down several steps at a time, he reached the floor below just as Michael emerged from the rear of the limo. Good to see ya Bud! ...
They hugged each other as two friends do when they have missed each other’s company...is he with us for the night? Berry was referring to the driver.
Thought it might be nice to be driven around... that way we can have more time to talk en cut up... don't have to worry about traffic... that ok with you?
Love it! ... Berry thought it would be great to be chauffeured about... kinda like being rich... only none of the worries... Come on up stairs for a bit before we get under way. I'll show ya my setup. Does he have something to do, or do you...
He's an employee!... Mike cut in quickly pointing out his status... He's paid to sit and wait on who ever he's driving. Don't worry bout him... he snickered saying that he makes too much as it is.
Mike tried to act as if the fame and fortune hadn't changed him, laughing it off as if it were said in jest. But if honesty were truly speaking through him it would admit that he was different...
...
A crowd had begun to gather when the second squad car pull up the scene. One officer was having trouble keeping people back, while the second was busy roping off the area around the crumpled body. The additional help would be greatly appreciated. There would be statements to take from witnesses, if there were any, and a thousand other procedures to follow up on before the detectives arrived.
It was important that the officers follow all procedures carefully. Not that this was definitely a homicide, but if it was, the slightest slip up could let the murderer go free...
Dave had only been a detective on the force for two years, when he was assigned to this case. He had risen through the ranks quickly with his congenial personality. He had a way of making each person he talked with feel as if everything they said was of great importance to him. These qualities, coupled with a sharp wit, had given him an edge over his competitors.
When the call came in on the possible suicide, the Chief decided to give it to Dave. If it was a suicide, he felt Dave was best suited to deal with the family. If it wasn't, it would give him a good chance to test Dave out on a real case. The Chief felt he could always call in a seasoned pro if the going got too tough for Dave.
Dave pushed a little too hard on the brakes as he pulled his car up, causing it to skid a little to the left and squealing the tires before coming to a stop... Geez, that’s like in one of those TV cop shows... how dumb... these guys are gonna think I'm a creep... Dave was a little nervous as he approached the officer that seemed to be directing the activities... I'm Detective Lutz... gotta call downtown about an apparent suicide... what do ya have?
The office stiffened up and faced Dave... We've roped off an area around the body... officer Grady is taking statements... officer Martin has gone up to the roof... one witness says she saw the deceased fall from the top of the building... the boys from forensics are on their way.
Was there any identification?
Haven't examined the body yet... been waitin for someone from downtown... you wanta take a look?
Dave stepped over the rope and stooped over next the lifeless figure. He could see that it was a woman... she was laying on her right side with her legs twisted up underneath her... he felt a little nauseous...

CHAPTER 9
Pulling through the garage doors, the limo turned left onto the street in front of Berry’s office, and sped away towards the downtown area. Staring out the window, Berry was exhilarated by the feeling of power it gave him to be chauffeured around. He was thinking about fame and fortune... being on top of the heap... the top dog... when Mike interrupted his thoughts...
So where ya wanna go? ... we're headed downtown... I told the driver to head in that general direction until we decide which way to go...
That'll work... I don't really have any place in mind... just thought we could get out together... but I keep forgetting... you and your public... must be a real hassle... doesn't it drive you a little nuts?... having to be protected or whatever all the time in order to have some privacy?... Berry tried to sound real sincere, but deep inside he was a little envious too...
A little nuts!... man a lot NUTS!... but, I have to be honest and say that sometimes I like it... maybe need it... an ego thing ya know... ya get what ya bargain for. It comes along with the territory. Like the man says... if ya wanna play... ya gotta pay... but its times like these that I wish I could walk down the street without being mobbed, or go to a movie without getting my clothes ripped off... six of one and a half dozen of the other... it’s a trade off.
For tonight though, I have a few tricks up my sleeve to assist us in anonymity... Mike reached over and held up a plastic sack... I have several items of disguise to preserve the identities.
Disguise?! ... Berry looked a little puzzled at first... Oh, I see, you’re going to wear a disguise so we can go out in public... you don't have to do that. We can just go back to my place or something else...
No, you don't understand! ... I want to do this... it's one of the few chances I have to get out in public... and with you along I feel a little more secure... if you don't mind...
No, I don't mind... if you’re sure you want to... a little of Berry's envy subsided... that's too bad he thought...  have to hide to have fun...
Yeah, it'll be fun. We can act like normal people... I mean I can... Mike smiled to show he was happy, but like his rock-n-roll show, it was all show... with all the fame, with all the money, with all the power of someone on top, there still was something missing... his own life... his own way... now it was all for someone else... he lived for someone else... he worked for someone else... he was controlled by someone else... or so it seemed...
Turning north on College Drive the limo passed a large bulletin board listing current University events. One item in particular caught Berry's eye. Whoa!! Slow down!! Stop a second!!... The driver responded by slowing the car almost to a halt... Look at that! All kinds of computers, people looking everywhere, and right under my noise...
What the heck ya talkin about Berry? Mike looked flabbergasted!
Oh, sorry, somethin just occurred to me... that's all... I kinda got caught up in it a sec... it’s a case I'm on... no big deal... local stuff... Berry tried to pass it off as a small time job. But there, right in front of him, was a notice announcing that Marie Burton would be giving a lecture this evening at 8:00 in the Nusome Auditorium. The subject was violence in sports!
Michael leaned forward and said something to the driver. Immediately the security window between compartments began to close. As the window grinded to a halt closing off the driver’s area, Mike leaned over close to Berry...
Ok Pal, you can spill it... I know about security and all that... what's up?
Berry had become so excited at seeing the sign, that when he quickly reversed himself, trying to maintain a cool manner, it gave him away. It’s a case I have been working on for a special client. I can't really tell you who the client is... you know... confidentiality... got to keep a good rep with my clients... or no one will trust me... but I can tell you that the lady on that sign, giving a lecture tonight, figures in to the situation.
I've had my sources looking high and low for some information on her, and here she is, practically giving me her background and personal philosophy! I'd like to stop for a while and listen to her lecture. I might be able to get something I could use in my investigation... would you mind?
mind? ... I'd like to see how a professional works... always wanted to be a PI... Mike buzzed the driver and told him through the intercom to drive over to Nusome Auditorium and park across the street.  He announced that he would be leaving the car for a while, and that the driver should wait there.  He'll wait for us... you can get as much info as you need, and then we can continue on our way... to where ever we're headed...
The limo began to slow down, and then came to a stop. They had been so engrossed in their conversation that neither had noticed all the commotion going on up ahead. When Berry turned to see why they had stopped, he was somewhat surprised by all the flashing lights, and the gathering of police and emergency vehicles.
It seems there is some kind of emergency at the Towers... I'll see if I can find out what’s holding us up... the drivers voice buzzed through the intercom. As he stepped out to investigate, an officer approached him.
Is that Mr. Munson in the car? The policeman nodded towards the limo.
No it isn't...
Wait here a minute... I'll be right back... The officer strolled briskly towards the center of the commotion and returned shortly, followed by an official looking fellow in a dark suit. Here he is sir... I told him to wait here.
The suit spoke up... you carrying Munson's representatives?
No, I'm not.
Then do you mind if I ask who you are carrying?
They are confidential clients... unless there is some reason you need to know, I would rather not divulge their identity.
Divulge their identity! Now that sounds more like some spy lingo from a TV show than real life talk... Dave seemed to relate everything to the world of TV and movies. Not that he was shallow, it's just the way his mind worked... Now you got my curiosity up.
He was going to find out who it was even if it had nothing to do with this incident... you see, when you don't want to tell a police officer something he asks, he gets real suspicious... just our nature... we tend to think that you've got something to hide... ya know what I mean?
Now it can't be the president... he looked around the car as if he was searching for someone in particular... I don't see any secret service men.
Listen detective, I'm not trying to be smart with you, I'm just trying to do the job I was hired to do, just like you. I'll be glad to help you if it’s really necessary... being a local driver, he couldn't afford to cross the department. They could make it hard on him in the future.
Dave stepped over to the driver, took him gently by the arm, and walked with him just out of ears reach of those standing nearby.
Ok, here's the deal, I only came over here originally because I thought you were hauling Mr. Munson, the owner of that building... he pointed to the large building where all the vehicles were gathered... but when you responded the way you did, I... well... I got curious...
The driver nodded
Let’s just say to satisfy an official curiosity... you tell me who's in the car. If I think they have nothing to do with this, I'll keep it to myself... OK?
The driver leaned towards Dave and spoke very softly... as Dave listen his expression changed from cool to almost joyous, and then back to a cooler smile, trying to hide his pleasure at what he had heard, knowing that a young woman lay dead just a few feet away.
Now that you have the information you wanted, can you give me some information... so I can explain to him why it took so long... I'd like to keep my job, and he's nuts for little details of police matters... kinda thinks of himself as an amateur detective...It could help... the driver shifted himself closer indicating that he was waiting for Dave to say something.
A little overcome with the knowledge of the famous passenger, Dave probable gave out more information than he should have. As he filled the driver in on some of the detail of the incident, Berry had become inpatient. Fearing he would miss the lecture, he had gotten out of the limo and was walking toward where Dave and the driver were standing.

CHAPTER 10
It doesn't look as if we're going to get much of a group tonight... it's already 5 minutes to 8 and there's only a hand full of people in the auditorium. Alice always made a big deal out of attendance. She thought it was a kind of indication of how well their message was bring received.
I know you think that attendance is important Alice, but I don't look at it that way. If we can perk the interest of at least one person at each lecture, we are doing well. Have you ever heard the saying that each one of us is only 2 or 3 people away from knowing everyone in the world?... Alice shook her head... and began to say she hadn't heard that when Marie interrupted her...
Well, it's true! ... Basically it goes like this... I know two people who know two people, who know two people, and on and on, and you know two people who know two people...so, since I know you and you know me, if we follow it on down the line, we are two or three people away from knowing... through the people we know... everyone in the world.
It was Marie Burton's habit to be a quite condescending to those working around her. She felt that she was superior to most of those she worked with... she considered them her subordinates... to be treated as she wished, showering grace and wisdom on  some, while leading others to their downfall.
Pay attention Alice, you might learn something about human nature... instead of just juggling numbers... this world turns on the nature of the species... Alice Compton had grown up in the city, and still owned a place on the north east side… these days she was mostly traveling with Marie and acting as her executive assistant… managing not only the scheduling but also the finances of Marie’s tours.
Marie turned abruptly and strutted across the wings to the stage manager. She wanted to question him about the sound system...
Alice though Marie was right... I do need to learn more about human nature... I guess I just don't see the whole thing like she does... It was times like these that Alice wasn't sure what she thought... Marie seemed to have that effect on most of the people she came in contact with... almost like she was controlling their thoughts... I wish I was as strong as Marie... Alice resolved herself to learning from her... she believed Marie could change the way people looked at violence... maybe Marie could change the world...
...
As Berry approached the two men, his rival, time, was pressing him again... we’re gonna be late... his mind was so focused on the lecture, it was almost too late that he noticed the driver was talking to Dave Lutz... I can’t let him see me... my friendship with Mike is personal... I like Dave and all, but all I need is the locals bugging me... besides, he’s a cop! He turned quickly, holding his hand up to his side to shield his face, and returned to the limo. As he slid back into the rear of the vehicle, he could see that the driver had been dismissed, and was also returning...
It seems that a coed committed suicide by jumping off the top of this building. The detective said that she had been seeing a counselor for depression, and was having problems in school.  He doesn’t believe any foul play was involved. The driver filled them in on the details that Dave had given him, supplying some specifics Dave had spilled to him in his excitement.
You got a lot of information... Berry was somewhat suspicious. I’ve been working with these guys for several years, and I can’t seem to get more than the basics. How do you rate? Realizing that he had been found out, the drive explained what had transpired, and how Detective Lutz had demanded to know who was in the car.
Berry blurted out his thoughts. So he was STAR STRUCK!! Boy, if I had known that, I could have used it in the past to get more information for him ... Mike looked at Berry with one of those did I hear you right looks... just kidding Mike... Berry really valued his relationship with Mike... he WAS just kidding, and Mike knew it...
As it moved slowly away from the small crowd that had gathered, Dave watched the limo leave, wondering where they were going... now that would be the life... go where you want, when you want, no burdens... if only he knew... it seems that everyone, but the star, who REALLY knows how it is, believes the glamorous life would be GREAT!  His thoughts were interrupted by one of the officers at the scene...
By this time the forensics tem had arrived and were checking for evidence and identification… Lieutenant, do you want to notify the next of kin?... what a stupid question... he was thinking of all the times he had watched others on the force do their duty... of course I don’t want to notify the next of kin... I would rather be fishing... but he realized the officer had not really asked him if he wanted to, he was just being polite... Yeah, I suppose I should contact them so they can make arrangement, do we know what her name was yet? Officers have talk to people who say they knew her. They called her Margie Sir. Her full name was Margerie Jordan...

CHAPTER 11
Mike leaned over towards Berry looking as if he was about to impart some very important information. What you’re about to see took years of practice, and was born out of necessity, I don’t think there are many who have this talent.
Berry was curious as to just where Mike was leading. Whata ya gonna do, sing a song? Berry’s grin poked fun at Mike’s serious tone.
Say BUD...you ain’t the only one with sleuthing talents...and with that he reached for the bag laying on the seat next to him. Berry watch as Michael pulled first a wig, then a beard and some makeup out of the bag. He flipped open a lighted mirror to his right and begin to dawn his disguise.
The whole process took less than ten minutes. When mike finally turned around to reveal his new self, Berry was impressed...Mike, that’s fantastic, you look thirty years older! If I didn’t know it was you, I don’t think I would have recognized you. You say you learned to do this on your own?
Well, I had a little help. There’s this makeup artist I dated a while back, she works for the Warner Studios. She showed me how to make little subtle changes that really make a difference. Her specialty is aging people.
Well, she really taught you well, she must be good at her trade!
Now for the finishing touches. Mike pulled one more item out of the bag and began to unroll it. These Oshkosh coveralls will slip over what I’m wearing, and are more in trappings with the new face. Mike slipped first one and then the other leg into the coveralls. He was right! After pulling the straps up and fastening them, he had the appearance of an old farmer who had come to town to buy supplies. The transformation was quite astonishing!
The driver’s voice crackled from the small PA speaker. This is the auditorium Sir, is there a specific place you want me to park? Mike flipped the button. No, just get us as close as you can.
Berry, you can fill me in on some of the details, I’d REALLY like to help. The driver opened the door, and as they stepped out their conversation turned to hushed tones... Berry was thinking that Mike might be more help than he originally figured... he did have this uncanny ability to change his appearance... maybe that would be useful... maybe later...
The auditorium was dimly lit. A small group had gathered near the stage and was discussing their own opinions on various hot topics of the season. Berry and Mike slid into an isle towards the back and settled in two seats about half way across the row.
As they continued to talk in low tones others entered and found their way to seats that suited their fancy for that night, embarking on conversational worlds of their own.
The two of them were so engrossed in their own cosmos of thought that by the time they stopped to take note of their surroundings again, they both realized that this must be a very popular lecturer. The auditorium was almost full!  Before Berry could digest his new surrounding, the house lights went dimmed and a casually dressed college student strolled across the stage to the podium.
Tonight we have a chance to pick the brain of a real innovator of our times. She has single handily challenged the American sports empire and increased everyone’s awareness of violence in our culture. I would like to introduce you to Ms. Marie Burton!
She was a tall lady… almost six feet tall, but somewhat thin for her height. She had short brown hair and wore round wire frame glassed. Although her appearance was somewhat plain, her face showed the strength of conviction and control. There was a certain air of dominance about her.
So that’s the GREAT lady. Mike was not impressed. She reminds me of one of those prison matrons.
Berry smiled and nodded, but he wasn’t thinking about her appearance... the words: ‘single handily challenged the American sports empire’ were stilling ringing in his ears. What was it that he had been told... that she had been poking her noise into everyone business... she had certainly been stirring up the waters! His impression was quite different from Mike’s. Berry was wondering how she obtained so much power...
Currently, there are over 20 serious accidents each day within the organized sports field, and approximately 55 deaths each year from sports related injuries. These statistics point out the serious problem of violence in sports when related to our health care system and ultimately the additional costs to you, the health consumer... from increased costs for sports related injuries... injuries that could be avoided!
As she spoke, Marie moved quickly from one point to the other, not really giving the listener a chance to think about what she had said. She hit on a specific hot topic and then very quickly moved on to another, thereby pressing a lot of “hot” buttons in people’s conscience at once. It was a style she had adopted specifically to indoctrinate possibly antagonistic listeners. It presented her philosophy without giving the listener a chance to consider the points, and thus allowed her ideas to basically go unchallenged while she was speaking.
Usually, by the end of the lecture, she had made so many points so quickly that most of the audience were still trying to digest all of the material long after she had left. It gave her an edge, and maybe a little control over her subjects...
But Berry’s mind has the unique capability of processing numerous sources of information simultaneously, and most of the time, gleaning a complete understanding of each.
On more than one occasion, Muffin had dropped in on him only to find Berry immersed deep in a multimedia nightmare!  There he would be, head stuck in the middle, turning first left, then right, typing, clicking, pressing, like some madman attempting to regain control of a runaway world!
Two separate TV’s blearing whatever broadcast they were tuned to, the hint of a radio playing some tune in the background, several computer monitors, each running some complicated sorting or searching utility, and a special computer for links to the Internet.
He would be in his own world, maintaining his own thoughts in the midst of perceived confusion... really an organized orchestration of information flow, with his mind being the controlling organizer of the system. He seemed to be able to grasp it all at once. It was his gift, HIS edge...
In closing let me say that violence is not necessary. All disputes can be solved through common logic. Most sports are merely a throwback to our ancient ancestors’ need to hunt… to kill or be killed. We must throw off this caveman attitude and adopt a real peace though non-violence! As she completed her lecture, she quickly left the stage, and her assistant crossed the stage and replaced her at the podium.
Alice spoke with more confidence now. When she was supporting Marie… when she was protecting her… Alice always became more aggressive. Ms. Burton has another engagement that does not allow her to remain. She wishes to thank you all for your attendance. There are pamphlets and brochures on the table out front… Please stop by and pick up some information that we believe can help change YOUR world for the better! … and with that she turned and made her exit also.
While most of the crowd was deep in discussion with each other about the lecture, Mike and Berry were silent as they returned to the limo... The effect had been the same for both...
Berry, that was amazing... she shoveled it in, and forced it down... and then left before you could object...
Yeaw, you’re right Mike… she has a way of putting things that doesn’t give you much room to disagree…
As Berry swung his legs into the limo, the driver shut the door behind him... Berry was deep in thought... This one is dangerous, she has a way of controlling people... a way of getting others to see it her way... but Berry could see that her logic was flawed... in his mind she had been relating apples to oranges... most of the audience would probably not notice, but He did... It WAS his gift...

CHAPTER 12
As the limo moved through the night the two old friends shared thoughts and discussed ideas about what they had just experienced... Mike thought it was fun but Berry knew it was his living... they each had their own sort of interest... it really didn’t matter why, they were both deep in the feeling of power that came with discovery of secrets.
The clock scolded both of them as they headed back to Berry’s office... it was 9:30, Mike was late, and Berry was running behind as usual. Time once again had been the enemy… holding them to its relentless ticking, thrusting them forward into each moment, taking their precious life one tick at a time. 
As they raced the clock, the big black frame of the automobile zipped through the darkened streets like a jet fighter cutting through forbidden territory, its pilot aiming directly for the target like a man with a mission heading into destiny...
...
Listen, have you heard anything else about me? ... I mean is there talk of knocking me off or something? ...
Roger laughed one of his big hardy laughs and smiled widely at Lee.  No Lee, there hasn’t been any talk of rubbing you out, or knocking you off, or any other cliché you can think of... he stopped and thought for a second... he was wondering how to keep Lee in a low profile, and yet calm him down.
Look Lee,  I’m not saying that some people may not have it in for you,  I’m sure you’ve made some enemies in your life time... But that also doesn’t mean someone has a contract out on you either... let’s just play it safe for a while, you stay here, and I’ll find out for sure.
Well... ok if you think it’s best, but this place is so drab, It could use a little color, a painting here and there, I could do wonders, why you should see what I did for Marvin... He was absolutely struck when I was finished... he said he had never seen so much expression of love is a room before...I know I can...
Ok, so you can decorate rooms well, I don’t think Richard is interested in a re-decorating job right now... Just lay low, hang out, and think of it like a vacation.
Weeeell, if it was a vacation, I’d be in Jamaica mahn... Lee had spent a lot of time in the southern hemisphere, St. Thomas and the Virgin Islands, and he liked the idea of being a “Rich American” in the sunshine and the islands cater to this type of tourist.  Lot a nice lookin fellers down there... this palace is full of uglies Roger… I have better taste than that.
I’m not asking you to date the tenants Lee, just stay here till I can find out what’s going on... ok? You gonna be a good boy?
Sure... I’m always good!
As he was leaving Arnold’s, Roger considered that Lee might be in real trouble, but he always kept a cool head... trouble was not what worried him... it was Lee’s jabbering nature that might cause problems... Lee could never keep his yap shut... always had something to say... he was hoping that this time Lee would put a zipper on it... it could mean his safety, not to mention keeping Roger from finding out some details before those involved got wind of what he was up to.
He was thinking that it might be a good idea to contact Berry to see if he had learned anything else about the mysterious phone call...
Hey Bear, Yeah, I got a few minutes... was just thinking of touching base with ya... Well, now would be fine... ok, see ya in 10... Rounding the corner on Donaldson Boulevard Roger swung into the Kwik Mart and pressed the end button on the cellular as he stepped out the car.  He had just enough time to grab a quick snack and make it for Berry office... he was thinking of how hungry he had become...
...
While everyone had been doing their assigned tasks, the computer was laboring away in its undaunted manner, tearing through data files from here to Timbuktu, looking for matches to Berry’s queries.  Buried in the mounds of found information, almost un-hailed and quietly hidden between The Scoring Committee For College Sports and the Organization for United Sports Fans, a piece of data was stored that held an answer to Berry’s question. It had popped out a while back, and was patiently awaiting discovery.
Berry was ignoring all the callings of time now, even the big round clock hanging above the office area could not get his attention.  He was steeped in cyberspace, emerged in a swirl of techno babble, scanning the tiny words in the ancient way of one at a time...
It was too important to skip even a letter at this point... he had to get something concrete soon... it was his reputation at stake... how selfish... I’m thinking about myself, and so many other lives are at stake here... whether he liked it or not, he was beginning to take a more conservative stand on this case... almost taking sides, something he tried not to do, because when you get emotionally involved in a case, it can color your findings, and hamper your ability to achieve an objective solution... he was thinking that he would have to review his attitude...
He glanced right at it and started to move on... blinking his eyes he leaned up to get a closer look...
A very short entry detailed some basic information on one of the organizations with ties to the senate committee for the Public Ventures and Endeavors for State Commerce. The organization was called the State Funding Committee for Wagering Ventures.  While it was not unusual that gambling had become a large revenue source for many states, what caught his attention was that one of the committee members was William Parks, who was also the chairman of the Committee for the Review and Replacement of Collegiate Athletics Programs. 
Berry’s mind had stored this small fact when he was reading the entry he had found for the Committee for the Review and Replacement of Collegiate Athletics Programs earlier.  It was funny how this man’s name had stuck in his head... he was thinking about what he had thought when he had read this man name... William Parks,  or Bill Parks for short.... 
Bill Parks... it kinda reminded him of a bill for parking his car ... it was just one of those funny little coincidences using memory mapping that provided an edge... it gave him the break he was looking for... maybe God was on his side... maybe he was getting outside help... maybe he had been up too long and his brain was running on empty...
He sent the new data to his stored folder on the case and switched off two of the systems... it was time for some rest... he would review it tomorrow when he was fresh... when he had more motivation... for now he would be content to know that it was there waiting for him... patience, now that’s what I have grown to understand... wiser, and more patient, the tortuous and the hare... slow and steady... he was thinking that he WOULD win the race...

CHAPTER 13
Hi... What’s up?  How’s your day goin? ... It’s been one of those days for me... Berry had called her to ask a favor, but as was always his nature, he spent some time discussing the daily routine of life. It wasn’t just idle chit chat to him... he really was interested in how those others wandering through this life were handling the way it treated its participants...
Actually, I’ve had a great day.  The dean’s office called this afternoon to let me know that a donor has given a large grant to the institute. We now have enough funding to provide an excellent program for the next three years!  By the way, I have some information on that project you working on...
Berry’s ears perked up... Listen, do you have some time this evening, I’d like to hear about it...
I have to go the gym at six but I’ll be home by 8:00... If you want, you can drop by about eight thirty and I’ll fill you in...
Great!! I’ll see you around eight thirty...Berry hung up the phone and begin to bounce around inside his head... it was all beginning to get very exciting... like putting together little pieces of a large picture... a picture puzzle, YES,  that’s what it reminded him of.
He could recognize small areas but none of it seemed to fit together yet... the anticipation was pushing him like a steam roller... not to fast as speed goes, but steady and threatening... looming behind him... the thought that he was getting close to some answers, close to finding the string that would untangle this ball of twine, was beginning to come to the front of his mind...
...
Look, what I have been doing is beyond improper ethics, it’s criminal... If I get caught it would be the end to my career, not to mention my freedom... because of your background you may know how to deal with this, but I just can’t bring myself to accept it...and let me assure you I would not go down alone... He was panicking and she knew it...
Now listen Charles, you’re not thinking straight, calm down, it’s not like we’re murdering people... she smiled and somehow he could feel the calmness...
Well I suppose that it’s not that big a deal, it’s just that I worry... during the sixties I would have been revered as one of the greatest providers of a pure source... only today it’s not only illegal it’s also considered socially wrong.
Charles, you’re a wonderful person, and what you’re doing is helping millions of people… just make me enough for the next few months... I can store it... until I need it...
You can’t store it very long... it loses its potency...
You’re the chemist Charles... but however you do it, I need enough to get by until august, then it will be all over and we can quit... will it keep in refrigeration?...
It can be kept in cold storage to prolong the strength... but exactly how much are you talking about?
Well, figure it out.., you know the current rate, carry that out until August...
All right... he hesitated to think… from the current rate of use he figured it would take several days to synthesize that much... I can have that done by this weekend... if that’s it ok...
Of course Charles... whatever you say... just try to  get a quantity made that is enough to provide me with its use until then... remember Charles, this will help change a lot of things, it would be great if we could walk the streets again free from worry, this could help... You know it’s for the best... shall we meet Saturday evening, say around nine thirty?
Her soothing style was designed to bring even the most agitated person into a feeling of calmness... the years of practice... she was putting them use... it was having its calculated effect too...
Ok, I’ll have it there for you...the same place?
Yes Charles… that will be perfect... her mind had already formed a plan...and she knew... it WOULD be perfect...
He sat staring at the telephone as if in a trance, his mind was far off almost floating on the edge of space and time... not really thinking any one thing, while thoughts of all kinds flooded the secret places in his mind... he was strangely at peace with the world and himself... surrounded by beakers of strange colored liquid and twisted tubes that swirled with mysterious fluids he sat in a daze...
...
A small light pole lit only a deserted walkway leading up the alley... in the darkened shadows one could imagine numerous sinister figures concealing themselves... waiting for someone to pass by to silently steal their life away... from out of these shadows stepped a figure striding with paced steps, rocking to a rhythm of its own... as the figure passed through the boundary of the light,  a familiar face shown out from under the hooded jacket... it as Bobby V., his dread locks shining from the rays of light reflecting off their weaves...
He was a man on a mission, hands in both jacket pockets... an obvious pistol shaped bulge showing from the right jacket pocket, concealing his security, but intended to speak to those looking on without saying it... that he was protected...
He paused at the end of an old garage and glanced back down from when he came with a look that said he was certain there was someone waiting at the other end... a look intended to warn those concerned that he was more than protected... he had company... if needed, the cavalry was ready to charge... of course everyone knew he never went anywhere without his brood of followers... it was his advantage in the self contained world he lived... the rules said it was expected... those who didn’t were fools...
As he turned around another figure stepped from behind a truck that was parked further on down the alley, and begin to strut toward where Bobby was standing... for anyone looking on it appeared like one of those mysterious meeting scenes from an old spy movie...
The rain coat clad figure strutted up to Bobby and stopped a few paces to his left... turning into the light a clean cut black man in his late forties wearing a fishing hat could be made out... he spoke with authority...
THIS is not something you want to be messin with Bobby... I know you have some respect in the neighborhood, but this if far out of your territory...
Lessen mahn, if it volvs de hood it volvs Bobby... Bobby dohn care how far it go... de brahdah needs ta know...
Ok bobby, it’s your ass... I’m just trying to keep ya alive... this thing goes real deep... some really bad people are in this thing... I know you’re not afraid of dyin, I just want ya ta know, ya may just be doin that if you get involved in this...
Yah, wehl you just give me de faucs mahn.. Bobby will take care of de rest...
The clean cut man stepped closer to Bobby and began to speak in low tones... Bobby looked intense and shook his head from side to side now and then as if he was surprised at what he was hearing...
After a few minutes the man leaned closer and said something that must have really shook Bobby up... he stepped back and looked at the man... Shoooot... ya foolin me brahdah? ...
The man just shook his head and turned to walk away... Bobby grabbed his arm and stopping him... if fit come dawn to it, where do ya stand brahdah...
The man stared straight into Bobby eyes... they exchanged a look that went beyond the boundaries of class and position, a common knowledge of understanding... Bobby knew where the man stood... without even hearing his answer...
If I didn’t care, I wouldn’t be talking to ya... I though you already knew that... he was a little put out by Bobby’s attitude...
Bobby smiled a big gleaming smile... and the man walked back down the alley to disappear just as quickly as he had appeared...
As he slipped back down the alley, Bobby held within a great secret... the street wisdom he knew told him to keep most of this to himself... but he would have to let it out sometime... have to provide some details to get something in return...
...
He was thinking about timing as he pulled up in front of her house... this friendship was good timing... it was something he needed at this time in his life... something he had missed in all his other relationships... they could talk... or not... verbal communications sometimes was not necessary... they had a kind of special level of communications...
It was funny... not like a joke’s funny, but funny as in ironic or strange... so many different people he had known... so many personalities... and this one was different than them all... she understood him, and that was a feat in itself...
As the door opened, that familiar smiling face greeted him... He planted a kiss on her cheek... and walked across the room toward the kitchen... Smells good... whatcha got cookin? ...
A bunch of us are throwing a birthday party for Marsha... she’ll be forty this Friday... we want to help her over the mark... I’m making some brownies and a few other goodies for the get together... doing that cookin thing... or bakin thing I guess... either way, don’t let me forget to check the oven at a quarter till.. ok?
He stopped to watch her walk by... Sure, can I sample the wares, or are they strictly for the ladies?
Oh, I suppose you can check out one or two... If you’re good!
Yes mommy, I promise to be a good boy...
As she began to enter the kitchen again she turned and grinned at him and her eyes twinkled with that look of mischief... I was referring to something else...
They both smiled with that understanding smile... It had been their choice to avoid an intimate relationship until they both believed that the time was right... they had discussed the subject on several occasions... it was something that they both wanted, but neither had decided when... they were afraid it might cloud the real issues...
Oh... well all I can say about that is that I’m always good!...
As he followed behind her into the kitchen, he leaned over and kissed her on the neck... she smiled and looking over her shoulder giving him a wink... since you’re in such a good mood, I have a favor to ask you... it’s really no big deal... I was just wanting to get your assistance with something I need for next Thursday...
Oh... the TV thing on local crime... you want me to get you some local statistics?
Well, that would be nice, but not what I was getting at... Ammm... you see I ahhh... well the truth is I’m not sure what to wear... I know it sounds kinda dumb, but I have always heard that you shouldn’t wear certain type of clothes and fabrics on TV, something about how they look through the cameras... anyway, I was sure you would know about these things... your have such great fashion sense... I wantta look nice, not like some dumb geek... can you help me out on this?
Dianne smiled as she thought about his considering her up on fashion... it said that he like the way she dressed... in a roundabout way it was a compliment... not that she had to fish for compliments from Berry... he was always quick to point out this or that thing that he like about her... she was thinking that is was different then most of the men she had known... most of them barely recognized she was there let alone notice something like that...
Well they say that stripes are out... they tend to vibrate on a TV set... and the combination of red and blue doesn’t work well on TV... the two colors seem to cause a flicker effect... and if you’re going to be on a green screen, you know one of those TV tricks where they superimpose a background image over the people... like the pictures or the weather maps on the news...  you shouldn’t wear green, because that’s the color they use to blend the backgrounds with... anything that shade of green will not be visible... that’d look great... your head with no body...
They both burst out laughing at the same time... the mental image of Berry’s head floating in air on TV was more than they could stand...
As they walked back toward the living room Dianne spoke over her shoulder to Berry... I have a couple of things I want to discuss with you, but before that, I have something you might be interested in... It might be a lead in the case you are working on...
While they settle each into a comfortable position she filled him in on what she had learned.
It seems that over 25 years ago the Famous Dr. Marie Burton was an instructor at a small Midwestern college.  She was married and had a 15 year old son.  Her son died in an accident during football practice at the local high school.  She sued the coach and the school but lost her case.  A year later she divorced her husband and moved to the east coast to continue her studies in psychology.
Well that certainty sheds some light on her stance on contact sports... no wonder she’s so bitter... now if I can figure how all this fits in...
If this was a murder case, she could be the prime suspect... since you’re looking for the major players in this organization, she qualifies as the prime motivator for this movement... she satisfies all three of the criteria for a suspect... motive, means and opportunity... She certainly has a good motive.  Her position gives her the means, and the lecture circuit provides the opportunity to spread the idea…   I would say that if you find out as much as you can about her, you’ll find out a lot about this organization...
You may be right... I’ll have to take a closer look at her... I always thought that she was a key, but I am beginning to think that she may be the primary key to this case... she may lead me to the information I need to provide Gruter with some ammo for his attack...
Berry’s mind was swirling with ideas... pieces of ideas, fragments of thought... he concentrated harder…  attempting to make some order of it all... finally he turned his thoughts to what he COULD deal with... the now and the present... On another note, what was it that your wanted to talk with me about?
Well there are a couple of things I did want to talk with you about... do you have some time? Sure... I always have time for you...
…

CHAPTER 14
The family is all that matters, in the end it is all that remains... Sophia spoke with strength and authority… Reggie, what is the one thing that kept the wolves away, those hungry young brutes who wanted to take your business... wasn’t it the family that watched over you? 
And Rollo, my old fat friend... you’ve enjoyed the families protection in the past ... NOW it’s time to take back the control... time to take the place that was intended for us to take... We will be strong… we will be proud… we will be in charge again....
As they set around the table exchanging stares and quick words, the room oscillated with smoke and whispers... old age style, old country ethics, an era almost left behind by time’s march, and now a new fervor arose amongst the ancient connections...
The network of acknowledged faith... given to each other as a promise of everlasting loyalty... a loyalty to live for... a promise to die for... a total commitment of soul, mind and physical life to the advancement of the whole... the family would live on through the parts of its members. She would make sure of that. Like a mission given by God Himself, she believed it was her destiny to bring the family back to the position she thought it deserved!
We have new plans now, new business to conduct. But, we need to bring back to old ways so we can keep what we develop with our new plans. I want you all to promise me that you will follow the family’s wishes in this, and help us bring back the glory days ... she was ready to do battle, and she was calling on the family troops to sign up for the war …
It has been arranged for this Saturday … Vince, you can take care of the supplier … we can’t leave any loose ends … wait until I’ve got the goods … then you can finish the business in your usual manner … be sure you get setup early  … without him knowing … I don’t want to spook him … I need this last shipment… could help us to gain a strong position again … and then we can take control …
...
Berry found himself standing on the sidewalk beneath the street lamp on the south side of the building... Looking down at his watch he could see time’s reminder again... 1:30 AM... it was his habit when his mind was confused with thought to walk around outside the old building and allow his mind to wander on the sights and sounds of the night...
In the distance he could hear the engines in the train yard across town moving cars back and forth... now and then a distinct crunching sound could be heard when the cars came to an abrupt halt... the sound of the mill’s big grinder’s whine was barely audible, blending in with the night traffic... all around were sounds of life, people doing their work, driving their cars, living their life... the city vibrated with life even at this hour of the night...
As he allowed loose the creative side of his mind his eyes caught on the old oak tree still standing across the street.  It was now the focal point of the new mini park the city had created with the strip of land that rested between the street and the row of warehouses that now occupied the Wright Street District.
As the wind rocked the branches and fluttered the leaves Berry could imagine a living force inside the old tree... a wise old creature that had seen all that had happened throughout the years... in his mind he pretended that it was an old friend that knew him well... he could imagine it beckoning to him to come closer... the branches waving to him, motioning with their leaves... to come over there and listen to secrets of time past and mysteries long hidden from human eyes...
Life held a wonder within its living... he always knew that it was special to be alive and have a soul... and he regarded life as a precious gift not to be wasted... through all life’s troubles, stress, and struggles, it was moments like these that he knew he was truly alive...
As the light from the street lamp struck small drops of dew that had formed in the grass he watched as a curious speculate of color burst forth from each droplet... moving across the ground his eye could catch the sparkle of light that the water reflected... acting as a prism, the colors would change from blue to red to yellow to green and white as his position changed... that made his heart dance with the joy of a beautify discovery... it WAS wonderful to be alive... even if he didn’t have all the answers...
Crossing back across the street, leaving his friend the tree behind he was thinking how much better he felt... it was curious that even thought he didn’t have any better understanding of what was going on, somehow he still felt peace about it... it was as if he knew it was all going to work out, even if he wasn’t sure how.
...
Sitting with her back up to several large pillows against the head board and knees up to support the folder, Dianne pretended she was relaxing in bed going over some work she had been neglecting for some time...
In reality her mind was far away... so many concerns... so many responsibilities... and this world doesn’t really care... your basically all alone in your fight to survive... she could not help but wonder why more people weren’t more like her... more caring... more involved... more loving... it WAS a fact... He had told her time and time again that there were very few... few like her... she was beginning to believe it more and more...
Glancing back at the folder in front of her she wondered why she was really doing this... was it her drive to succeed... to advance in her position... or her need to please... to be accepted... to be included... he had made her think of some very hard things lately...
Strange how she was willing to listen too... she smiled as she thought of how rebellious she had been in her youth... and some of that had carried over to her adulthood... it wasn’t usual for her to accept someone else’s opinion so easily... she was always a little bit skeptical... she liked the word cautious better... yes that fit better... she was cautions... and you had to be with so much selfishness running ramped in this world...
Her attention turned to her work... enough distractions for now... I really need to get this out of the way... I know I’ll feel better when it’s done... one more thing checked off... a little closer to my goal... she immersed herself in the folder and dedicated her thoughts to completing the task at hand...
This was probably one of the most valuable characteristics someone could have in her business... the ability to concentrate... to complete a task in the midst of a thousand distractions... her mental discipline was fine tuned... her dedication was enduring... she was one of the most steady, regular, constant people Berry had ever known... she was always there... this he knew he could count on...
...
In one split second Bobby’s life had changed... from little known but highly regarded to little known but highly sought after... he didn’t know it yet, but he was about to become a very popular person... the only trouble was it wasn’t the kind of people you really wanted to be popular with...
Bobby had always been fashion conscience... for his part of town anyhow... he always wore the colors of the season and prided himself in his “class threads”... he considered himself a light to the fashion ignorant...  this was one occasion that his fashion sense saved his life... as he bent over to straighten a wrinkle in the pleat of his pants, the wood plank in the wall just about where his head had been shattered with a crack... someone had fired a shot meant to put his lights out forever...
Bobby dove behind a metal dumpster a few feet to his left and hugged the ground like a long lost friend... his hands were shaking with fear and anger... it was now apparent that he had a enemy who didn’t play fair... up till now all battles were man to man... face to face... this new opponent was a coward... and that made them dangerous...
The brotherhood was scrambling to search out the assailant... here and there... up and down... inside out... but not even an empty shell... NOTHING... no one was that good... except maybe... the hair on the back of Bobby’s head stood up... A covert operative... could it be... maybe his friend was right... he didn’t want to know... but it was too late now... he did know... and apparently someone also knew that he might have learned a secret... he would have to be very careful from now on... no chances...
As the brood ducked back down the alley, covering the boss, he was thinking about Roger... wat did he git me inta... Hafta call de brahdah... let um know he owe me...
...
He could hear the bells... what were they?... was it a holiday?... the sun was shining bright across the hills in the background... and a breeze was blowing through the trees... and the bells... ringing through the valley... was it the church bells?... what was it he had forgot?... were they for him?... what was missing?... it so surreal... so distant... but it felt present... he found himself standing in a church by himself... and the bells still ringing... what was it?... as he turned he saw that now the church was full... that was it!! It was his wedding... only there was no bride... he woke from his dream and at first he thought he was still dreaming... the bells... then it came to him through his haze... it was the phone...
This BETTER be good... it’s 3:45 am... in case you don’t know... he was a little agitated at being woke up at this hour... but was more upset that he woke up on that dream... he was thinking that you only remember the dreams that you have just before you wake up... and he would have preferred to have slept though this one!!
Sorry old buddy... I though you PI types never sleep... or at least sleep with one eye open and all that... It was his friend Mike Murdock... you know us rock n roll types… we don’t sleep either...
Hey Mike... what’s up... you in trouble or something? ... Berry was still a little fuzzy in the head...
No No No... wake up and listen... I got something for ya dude... kinda spooky... one of those things that are too close to be a coincidence...
Berry’s mind was beginning to clear... you mean you have some information on the case I’m working on?
Yeah… that’s the ticket... I wanted to...
Hang on a sec Mike... Berry cut him off before he could finish.... Uh... it might be best if I talked to you in person....
Well, that’s gonna be hard right now... I’m in Dayton getting ready to leave for Cleveland in about a half hour... I don’t think you could get here by then... Mike laughed one of his chuckles...
Oh... this is Saturday isn’t it... you said you were leaving after the Friday night gig... I guess I’m still not awake yet... Um... how... ah... how delicate is this? ... Berry was hoping Mike would catch his word delicate and understand what he was referring to...
Well it’s been on the news here... that’s how I caught it... was watching a set in the bus and caught the local news....
In that case, fill me in....
Well, are you ready for this? ... A young coed here at the local university has committed suicide by jumping from one of the tall buildings down town... doesn’t that make three with the one you told me you read about in the paper? ...
Yes it does... and who knows...
I get your drift... anyway... I also ran a check with some sources I have and found another bit of interesting news... It seems that our friend we went to see there was here also just before it happened... coincidence... I think not...
That could be... there’s more to that person than meets the eye... I have some very interesting facts that shed some new light on our friend’s motives... and with this possibility of... uh...
Gotch ya... no need to say any more... like I said... kinda spooky huh?
Yeah... and a little bit un-nerving...
Well, that’s all I had to say... I’ll let you get back to slumber land... just though you might like to know...
Berry was thinking of how valuable Mike could really be... Say listen... don’t hesitate to call me any time... sorry about the way I answered... I have just been over tired lately... I can really use your help... in fact I would appreciate it if you would keep an eye out... you get to see a lot more than me... cover more territory... I mean if you don’t mind...
Mind?  I’d be honored that you consider me part of the team... You’ll be hearing form me...
Catch you later Mike... he rolled over and thought a second or two about what he had heard... and then decided to let it go till the morning and closed his eyes again... this time he hoped his dreams would be more enjoyable...

CHAPTER 15
It was a new day in the city... the sun tickled the tree tops and sent the birds scurrying for their morning’s food... the clank and grinding of the garbage trucks could be heard though the early traffic sounds...
Over it all that, the familiar beeping sound of Berry’s alarm shouted to him that it was now seven AM and time to get up... smacking the snooze bar as usual he sunk back into the comfort of the sheets... funny... he couldn’t remember the last dream he had just before he woke up... only that strange scene from the one last night...
Rubbing his eyes, he finally rolled over to the edge and planted his feet on the floor... propping himself up, and shutting off the alarm, he leaned forward and slowly got to his feet... boy... he was thinking that this was one of the toughest time he has had getting up in as long as he could remember... he made a mental note to get some rest and relax a little after this was over...
...
The ripples in the water on the pools surface reminded him of his days in the navy, the ocean’s waves rocking his ship as it cut through the waters... he was remembering the sights and sounds of his service when the mental images were interrupted by the sound of a voice...
Do you wish to have breakfast here by the pool sir? ...
Yes Martin, I believe I will... will you phone Mr. Richman for me... let him know that I won’t be able to join him this morning? ... Thank you...
He had decided to spend the morning enjoying the fruits of his labors... he was thinking why should he wait until he was too old...
Like they say... If you got it... flaunt it! ... It’s going to be a beautify day... perfect temperature... wonderful surroundings... he might as well take advantage of it while he could...
He usually didn’t take time off... it was his duty... his ethic... his drive... but this morning was especially nice, and he knew that he will soon become too busy to take any time off... soon... very soon... he will have his hands on a factor that could control a large part of the political flow for the entire United States...
He was thinking that his plan will reduce taxes, and generate income at the state level to be used by each state as it sees fit... he believed in state sovereignty... in fact it was the key factor in reaching the goal... if only he knew what those behind it were really up to...
Picking up the intercom phone he rang the garage... Yes... have my Bentley gassed up and ready to go around ten... I have some errands to run... tell Mason to pick me up at the cabana... placing the phone back on its cradle with one hand and opening his robe with the other, he then peeled the terry-cloth covering off and laying it across the back of chair, took a few steps towards the water, and dove in...
The cool water refreshed him as he slowly swam towards the other end... he was again thinking of the water... only this time it was a smooth clear lake in Wisconsin... the fish there would almost jump into your boat... some day he would go back... some day when this was all over and the new arrangement were in place... until then he had to be content to imagine...
This time his thoughts were interrupted by the phone ringing... gliding over to the edge he picked up the cellular phone he had purposely left by the pool side and flipped it open...
Yes...
He WHAT? ...
What’s his stake in this?
The look on Jonathan Taylor’s face turned from pleasure to something resembling pain...
Who does he think he is? ... this is not some penny ante scheme... I thought you covered all the bases with him? …
Well he obviously DIDN’T understand... I think you need to MAKE him understand... yeah... whatever it takes... I’ll cover you from this end so you won’t have to explain yourself... just be sure you close ALL the gaps... timing is the issue here... get in touch with the others involved and make sure they are all still on board. If this gets out too early, I lose, and if I lose so do you, got it... ok let me know when you’ve completed your voting status... I want to go over all the loose end...
NO... I don’t doubt you... I’m sure you are most efficient at your job... I just want to make sure we haven’t forgotten someone... someone who might cause problem for this bill... it’s critical that we keep it under wraps… until the time is right...
Yeah, well I’m sure you won’t leave anything out... that’s why you’re working for me... just call me when you’re finished following up...
As he folded the cell phone up and laid it back down, he couldn’t help but think of all the things that could cause this to go sour... and right now the most creditable one was out there somewhere just waiting to throw a wrench into the works... only he was hoping that he had it under control...
It was his job to know... and to handle the politics in any way necessary... that’s how he had got where he was now, and that’s how he was going to go farther... it didn’t matter that he wasn’t going to be the one benefiting the most financially... he would get enough for his share... he already had quite a bit anyway... it wasn’t money that drove him... it was the feeling of power that came from presidential politics... to be considered the most powerful man in the country.
It seemed to him that he had been running in political circles for a while now, and he felt it was his turn. As he considered his possible success moving to an office of great respect, it seemed odd to him that in the beginning it really wasn’t his idea, or even anything he had considered. It was his wife. She knew some politically powerful people, who suggested that he get into politics. During her academic days when she was teaching at college she met a number of individuals who were politically connected. She had introduced her husband to some of those individuals who took him under their wing and gave him the incentive, as well as the money to run for office.
It had been a successful career thus far… he had gained notoriety for the bills he introduced and received a lot of cross party line support for his efforts. Many of his colleagues already considered him powerful, but he would not be happy until he had it all… he had changed over the years of making deal, and now he felt he deserved it if anyone actually did. 
…
Berry stared off through the big glass window into the distant sky as if he was looking for some long lost star deep in the heavens... the look of intense concentration was on his face... from first appearances, it looked as if he was on the verge of a major breakthrough, and was about to put together all the mental pieces that would become the “Big Picture” in this troubling case...
In reality he was having a difficult time getting his mind to concentrate at all this morning... he had already had his usual morning coke and a second one for extra caffeine, watched the news, and sat through an entire early morning talk show being entertained... and now it was an hour and a half into his normal morning work time... but here he still sat... trying to determine why his brain would not go into gear...
He decided to give it some time and got up to get his workout clothes... if I can’t work my brain, I might as well work my body... he was thinking that sometimes a good physical workout stimulates the mind... There’s more than one way to start a sluggish engine... maybe after a little physical work my mind will decide to join in...
Berry set the building alarm trying not the notice the reminder of time passing as it flashed it’s numbers in his face from the front of control box... pulling the door shut behind him he descended the stairs to the massive garage below... he decided he would take the motorcycle today... it would be the perfect day to feel the wind against his body... to experience the freedom of movement without the cumbersome metal frame of an automobile obscuring the view... he was going to enjoy this little break... this might be just what I need!...
...

CHAPTER 16
The darkened warehouse provided an appropriate backdrop for the activities planned within this evening... it’s cob webbed corners and dusty crevasses were like a stage set for the evening play... the scenes to be acted out by its participants were from a script written long before hand...
Charles stepped through the open door... in his mind he could picture being greeted by a sinister figure dressed all in black... instead, a small ray of light coming from a single bulb hanging near the center of the room met him as he crossed through its path...
Hello... are you in here? ... I brought what you were wanting... he motioned forward with the hand that was holding a small metal brief case and let it swing back to his side...
He continued walking into the warehouse toward the single light source he could see... it was almost too quiet... he was hoping he would soon hear some sign of life when a sharp pain bit deep into his chest... a look of surprise was on his face as he slumped over, dropped to his knees, and then fell forward to the floor...
In a very cool and professional manner the killer strolled up to him, pried his fingers open and pulled the brief case loose from his hand, nodding toward the shadows as if to tell someone he was done, he calmly walked out and away from the building...
The killer carried out the rest of the script as it had been rehearsed, first making sure the target was dead, and then deliberately taking this alley and that walkway... he slowly disappeared into the routines that seemed familiar to the people that travel the night...
Now becoming just another one of those travelers, his car pulled away from the curb, carrying treasures that had proven fatal to Charles. The beginning of the next act was about to be played out... it now was time for Scene 2...
…
It was a restless night for Berry… so much on his mind and so few answers… he had been tossing and turning all night and sleep had been far from his grasp… As he rolled over he was thinking that he might as well get up and work for a while. Maybe he could make some sense of all of this… and then again maybe not… he was thinking that it was no use to lie in bed and at least if he was up working he might be able to accomplish something.
As he moved slowly towards his terminals the flash of red and white lights cast shadows across the room… he wondered what was going on? Changing his direction he moved more quickly towards the large southern window to see if he could determine where the flashing lights were coming form. Looking out on warehouse row he could see several police cars in the distance parked next to one of the old warehouses… his thoughts turned to excitement as he began to fantasize about the possible cause of all the commotion. Returning to the bedroom he quickly dressed and glanced at the ever-present red digits of the clock… 3:12 AM they were saying… reminding him that he had not slept much and that he probably was not going to either…
Berry approached the old building and he could see a gathering of several official looking men dressed in suits talking to several police officers… He cautiously moved closer trying to hear some of their conversation… Excuse me sir, can I help you? … one of the officers stopped him before he could get any closer… uh, well I saw the lights and was wondering what was happening, just curious about what was going on… before he could finish one of the men in a suit turned and spoke…
Officer Grady, let Mr. Sullivan by, he then spoke to Berry… what are you doing down here at this hour? It was Lt. Dave Lutz…
Well I just live a block or two away and from my window I could see the lights on the squad cars… I guess my curiosity got the best of me…
See the lights? … do you always look out of your window at 3 in the morning?
Well… not always, but I couldn’t sleep, and was working on some things when I saw the reflections from the lights… Basically I wanted to know what was going on in my neighborhood… Berry was careful about his response not to say too much. He knew how police detectives could get carried away trying to get information.
Anything I should know about? … Dave was already getting into Berry’s business… a case you have been working on? Ya think it has something to do with why we’re here? …
Nothing big… and how should I know… I have no idea why you’re here… Berry was again evasive trying to dismiss his current case.
I suppose I shouldn’t get you involved, but what the heck, maybe you can help… he motioned for Berry to come over to where he was standing.
We got a call from the night watchman around 1 am saying that he had entered one of the warehouses to check out an unlocked door… what he found was a body… our investigators say it was a single shot to the heart that killed him… looks like a professional hit… we’re not sure why he was here… his name was Charles Loften and his identification indicates that he’s an independent chemist that runs a lab on the south side… from what we have found out most of his business was in the area of water surveys and toxicology reports… maybe he had discovered some information that someone didn’t want to get out…
Berry was a little taken by Detective Lutz’s frankness… Have you discovered any specifics about the shooter?
Only that he was very good… left no direct clues as to his identity… the place is real clean… we have a team sweeping the building, and some of the officers are combing the area for possible witnesses… maybe they’ll come up with something… but for now we have no ideas. You want to take a look at the deceased? He’s still in the warehouse where we found him. I believe forensics is finished so we shouldn’t be disturbing anything…
Berry was beginning to feel a little uneasy about Dave’s willingness to be so revealing, but he wasn’t going give up a chance to get involved… he was curious about what was going on. Sure, I’ll take a peak, who knows… maybe I’ve seen him before on one of my investigation… I might be able to be some help… He tried to sound as if he was really interested, but in reality his mind was still going over the confusing facts that were puzzling him about his current investigation.
As they stepped through the doorway, he could see the figure of a body crumpled on the floor a few feet in front of him.  Walking closer a small pool of blood came into view next to the body…
Sergeant, have forensics finished with the body?
Yes sir, the M.E has some people coming to take him to the morgue for an autopsy.
Good, we want to take a quick look before he’s taken away… Berry, anything in particular you want to look at?
Not really, was he in this same position when the night guard found him?
Pretty much… of course they may have moved him some after pictures and collecting any forensic evidence… but he was much the same as you see him now when the M.E was finished.
Berry noticed that his hand was clinched as if he had been holding something… was anything taken from his right hand?
No… not that I know of… what are you getting at? Detective Lutz looked at Berry sort of squinting his eyes as if to say… you know something we don’t.
Well, his right hand seems to be clutched as if he was holding something… I just thought he might have had something in his hand you might have taken out to look at… just a hunch, nothing really…
Dave called out the door to one of the men in a suit… Bob, come here a minute…
As the man stepped through the doorway, Dave spoke to him in an official tone… did your guys find anything in the right hand and remove it to investigate?
No Dave, but I did notice the clinched fist…
What do you make of it Bob?
Well sir, we think that he might have been holding something that the killer removed before he left… I was going to include it in my report…
OK Bob… Dave turned back to Berry… very observant Berry, any other observations?
Berry studied the crumpled body a little longer and then blinking his eyes turned to Lt. Lutz…. Mind if we step back outside… he was feeling a little uneasy and thought the fresh air would be better.
Sure, we can talk out front… and with that they walked back towards the door and stepped outside. As the two men slipped through the doorway Berry knew his mind was racing on too many things right now to be of any real help to Dave, but using his best straight forward approach he summed up his feelings…
Well Dave, it looks like a professional hit to me. From what I could glean from the scene and the position of the body the deceased either knew his killer, or was totally unaware of his presence, which I believe to be the case. He may have been here on a pre-arranged meeting and was not expecting foul play. I also think that whoever was supposed to meet him here may also have been the person that arranged his murder. From the way he was dressed and the wrinkles in his pants behind the knees, I would venture to say that he had been sitting most of the day, maybe at his place of work, and that he had not had a chance to go home to change clothes after leaving his job...
And of course, as I have already mentioned and your detective has pointed out, he appeared to have been holding something in his right hand that may have been the motive for the murder… it is possible that the murderer took whatever was in the victims hand when he left the scene, but all that is just my opinion … and you know what they say about opinions… Berry stopped abruptly. He was a little surprised to hear all that come out of his month since he usually kept his opinions to himself until he had some proof it was actually true.
Dave was listening intently and was a little surprised himself to hear Berry go into to such details after only a few moments on the scene… that’s a lot to discern from the little time you took to look things over… you almost sounded like you knew exactly what had happened… you sure you aren’t working on something that has ties to this situation?
Berry scolded himself mentally… he was thinking that he had to be more careful, even though he was fairly certain of his conclusions, his thoughts and opinions were just speculation and he usually didn’t participate in speculation… No, I could see a familiar pattern that sort of fit with other cases I have read about, and I drew those conclusions from… He stopped himself and cut to the chase… but you’re right, it is just guess work, so don’t take too much stock in it. I’m just musing along a familiar path.
…
The sign above the door said Lorenzo Dinner Club. It was a non-descript location side by side with others that were more like row houses than business… squished together with dark and dingy outsides that hide their internal arrangements. Above the sign was a surveillance camera and on the side of the door was a card reader lock. After all, it was a private club, and only members had the privilege of seeing what was inside.
Today the dinner club was hosting a meeting between two very powerful and confident women… one was from an academic background and the other a business owner, but both with a single goal and alternative motives behind their union… to be in a place of power they each desired to posses.
Shall we eat first or discuss business? She was ready to get going with the plan but still possessed the social graces to give her companion the choice.
I prefer to taste the fare first so we are well fed when we get down to the business at hand. The family has always appreciated a good meal, even in the midst of a squall. So let’s eat first if you don’t mind.
No, I don’t mind at all, but I am anxious to go over the details… you know how things can get out of hand when the details are not worked out, but we can go over that later, as you said, first let’s eat.
As they took their meal, they chatted in kind about the everyday things in their life… two people from very different backgrounds… for a casual observer it would be hard to tell that they were actually sisters… joined in a single purpose but each with their own self-serving goal in mind. One wanted to restore the position of power from times past while the other wanted to build a new power position for the future.
…

CHAPTER 17
It was a little after 5 AM when Berry climbed the stairs again to his inner sanctum and his thoughts were focused on all the pieces he had in his head, a puzzle with pieces missing, the most difficult kind to fit together. He was also thinking that this outing brought a lot more than the usually distraction, not just a walk in the breeze this time and it seemed to him that Dave Lutz was a too present in his life these days. That made him a little uncomfortable.
As Berry sat down at the computer terminal and began to sort through the data he had placed in folders, his mind was focused on the pieces of the puzzle he already knew and his attention was on finding some connections in all the details he had already gathered. While he was concentrating on those details a small piece of data his monster computer systems had spit out unheralded a while back finally came to his attention.
The new data said that William Parks had been legal counsel eight years for Senator Jonathan Taylor and that at one time Parks had worked with Senator Taylor to introduce a bill that would limit funds given to colleges that participate in contact sports like football. The bill was later quickly withdrawn without explanation.
What Berry noted was that earlier information his computer had found indicated that Parks was the chairman of the “National Committee for the Review and Replacement of Collegiate Athletics Programs” a non-profit organization that advocates replacing what they call violent sports like football with what they believe to be non-violent sports like golf. But what caught Berry’s attention the most was that Parks was also a member of a senate subcommittee called the “State Funding Committee for Wagering Ventures” which is under the “Endeavors for State Commerce & Public Ventures” senate committee that Senator Taylor chairs.
It was another piece to the puzzle, but like all the rest, it didn’t fit anywhere with the other small pieces he already had … little blotches of colored pieces scattered all over the puzzle’s frame each separated from the other by blank space … he was thinking that it was really hard to see the full picture when there is so much area that is still open to question but even with so much missing he was beginning to get a sense of direction for the first time.
Berry’s mind began to associate the removal of college football programs with the possibility of a new national sports program that people could legally bet on since it would not be under the restrictions most colleges place on betting. Not being a betting man himself, Berry stopped his thoughts for a minute and took note of how his mental musings had stumbled on the gambling idea and decided it was money that lead him there … funny how it always seems to be tied to money …
…
I want you to know that our father would have been proud of what you have done for the family … Sophia Grendandino wore a huge smile on her face... so I am happy to help you out with your little project.
Yes I know you have a cause, but this is much bigger than your cause much bigger than anything the family has done for 40 years! This will assure our place as well as help your cause …
We must visit again face to face the next time you are in the area. I can arrange a private place where we won’t be seen together. We can tell stories about our childhood and talk of old times! … Fine, see you soon my sister. Sophia’s smile turned to a frown.
The telephone lay heavy in her hand as she slowly returned it to the cradle. She was wondering how much longer she could keep her estranged family member at bay … her sister was smart, and cunning in her own right … a lot of their father’s prowess resided in them both. She figured that if she played her cards just right, the worm would turn and everything would work out just like she had planned it to. 
Getting up from her desk she walked around it making her way over to the inner office door and opening it widely she stared out intently … Hey big Jimmy, can you come in here for a minute, I need to talk with you. Jimmy got up from the stool his enormous body was perched on and ambled over to the office. Ducking to step inside, he pulled the door closed behind him.
Sit down … I need your help on a little job that needs to be done for the family. It’s a contract of sorts, only I want information on the hit rather than taking them down … I want your word that you won’t use any rough stuff unless I say so ok?
No problem Mrs. G … I gotcha … just keep an eye on em and let you know where they been goin and who they been seein right?
Yes, and don’t let them know you are watching them. The information on this is in the folder here on my desk … she held up a file folder as he walked over and took it from her hand …
I want this to be a real tight job with no slip ups. You should know that this is for the family, and could make our future … so do a good job! …
No problem Mrs. G I’m gonna be like invisible …
Make sure you are … and check in regularly to let me know what you find out.
…
The numbers on the clock were shouting out the time but Berry was immersed in thought and wasn’t paying them any attention this time on purpose … he was wondering if he should try to find William Parks and talk to him or just go directly to Senator Taylor and see if he could get in to see him. Either way, it was going to be tricky coming up with the right things to say without letting them know what he was really there for.  Maybe he should say he was doing research on how to get a bill into congress and then use the funding bill they both supported as what would appear to be a random example.
Berry had pretty much decided to start with Marks and was formulating an approach when a caller disturbed his thoughts.
Sullivan Investigations, Berry Sullivan speaking … Detective Lutz, to what do I owe the pleasure of this call? Dave tried to maintain his composure and spoke in a stead tone …
Well I was wondering if you have come up with anything regarding the murder at the warehouse the other night …
Dave, that is not a case I am on right now, you know that, and at this point, in all my cases, I don’t see any ties to anything I am doing … so I have not really looked into it. But Dave was unrelenting.
Ok I understand, but when we were talking the other night didn’t you say you have read some items about suicides at several colleges, and though you might look into them just for fun?
That’s a great quality for a detective … you have a real good memory for details Detective Lutz. I only mentioned that little item as a sideline note to the jobs I was working on and then just in passing as we were talking. But I still don’t see what that has to do the murder in Warehouse Row.
Well, I looked up the college suicide cases you mentioned and discovered that there have been three others that occurred under similar circumstances. According to the toxicology run for each one, at least three of the suicide victims had confirmed traces of lysergic acid diethylamide in their system. Dave went on before Berry could respond. You know, LSD! Now I realize you are probably thinking… I still don’t see how this ties to the killing at the warehouse'. Well, here’s how. One of the things that both you and I missed at the warehouse was several small stains on the victim’s pants. Forensics determined that the stains contained two chemical compounds, one called DMSO a universal solvent, and the other was LSD. The curious thing is that when DMSO comes in contact with the skin it transports any other chemical it may have come in contact with through the skin and into the person’s bloodstream.
Berry took a moment to let it all sink in … he was not only surprised at Dave’s willingness to release this much information to him, but also by the oblivious link the information pointed to.
So what you’re saying Dave is that the student suicides are somehow linked to people who you believe are manufacturing LSD and somehow getting it into their blood using this solvent?
Something like that … look, all the students jumped from tall buildings, all of them had no history of suicidal thoughts, and none of them had any obvious reasons to commit suicide. three had LSD in their system … I don’t have a toxicology report for one of them yet … one of the students with LSD in their system was the girl who jumped from the Munson Towers a few days ago. Then a guy who turns up shot dead in a warehouse appears to have been holding something in his hand and has chemical stains on his pants that contain DMSO and LSD. It seems to connect the dots for me.
It is rather coincidental … How far have you taken this investigation Dave … are you working on any leads?
Dave kind of chuckled … It’s my “hobby” case Berry. There’s nothing official to this at all … I haven’t even mentioned it to my chief. At this point it’s just my thoughts … your mentioning a “hobby” case got me going on my own... one which I think is pretty much the same one as yours... only a little further along in the scenario.
Berry now understood why Dave had been so forth coming with the information … Dave, I would like to check some things on this from my side, can you sit on this for a little bit?
Well, I guess since it’s a “hobby” case I can hold up on blabbing to anyone about it for a few hours … actually that’s why I called … I was hoping you had something that would give it more weight. How long is it gonna take you to get back to me?
I don’t know for sure, maybe later today maybe tomorrow. I have to contact some people and make some inquiries before I can find out anything for sure. How about if something breaks today I’ll call, otherwise I’ll call you for sure in the morning and let you know what I have found out so far?
I can live with that … Dave hung up the phone a little excited to be teaming up with another detective even if it wasn’t someone from the department.
…

CHAPTER 18
Stanley, this is Berry, I need to talk to you in person as soon as you can get free to see me. Call me as soon as you can. Berry was a little irritated that he had to leave a message on Gruter’s voicemail. He always expects me to be available whenever he needs me, but I have to talk to his secretary who then puts me into his voicemail so I have to leave a voice message!
It was not just the waiting on Gruter to get the message that annoyed him. He really didn’t like leaving a recorded message that anyone could listen too. Not that he left any information in the message that could be used by prying ears, but the idea that someone could discover that he was trying to contact Gruter bothered him also. The case was adding up quickly, and any hedge he could get was good!
So far he had a lot of facts, but he still wasn’t really sure where this case was going. It appeared that there were some real heavies involved, both politically and academically, but what bothered Berry is that when these types were involved, it meant that there’s was usually a money person behind all the activity… and he hadn’t discovered who that was yet… if there was a big money person involved… which there usually was. Berry was thinking that there was still a major piece to the puzzle missing, and he needed to find that piece before he could put this all together.
…
It was almost 1:00 when William left his office. He had that committee meeting at 3:00 and he wanted to stop to get something to eat before the big fight. He had decided he was going to pull the plug on the whole idea. He wasn’t sure who was really behind this one, but he had enough information that he didn’t like it. From what he could gather, someone, or some group stood to profit royally from this venture, and it didn’t appear to him that all the ruckus on this issued amounted to giving away a pot of gold. He was aware that his vote could sway the outcome, and he held the winning card. He also knew that when he played his hand there would be some who would get quite angry with him for changing his vote, but he was thinking that he would have to deal with that later.
That issue came up far sooner that he had anticipated…
As he sped toward the railroad crossing he was hoping that he could get by before another train came along to make him late for lunch, but his hopes were dashed. Just as he approached, the crossing the gate began coming down. He tromped down hard on his breaks but all that happened was he heard a loud popping sound and a sort of whishing like air being let out of a tire… the car crashed right through the crossing gate just in time to meet the oncoming train… whatever William was going to do would never get accomplished…
…
It was around 3:00 that afternoon when Gruter finally returned Berry’s call. Berry, this is Stanley… yes I know Stanley, when do you have some free time that I can see you? I would rather talk to you in person than over the phone. Berry was quick to keep Gruter from saying anything else.
I am available after 4:00 Berry…
Good I will see you then, was all that Berry said before he hung up.
Berry was about to dig back in to the computer data when a breaking news alert from the TV caught his attention…
It has been reported that Senator William Parks has been killed in an accident when his car collided with a train. Efforts to contact his office for confirmation have not been returned as of yet. We have reporters standing by on the scene and we go now live on site to our remote Action CAM…
Deep inside Berry somehow knew it wasn’t an accident. There were too many connections to the case he was investigating. Parks had been on both committees and probably had insider information on exactly what was going on and how it all fit together. He couldn’t help thinking that he should have followed up on his hunch to interview Parks sooner… he was thinking that maybe Parks was causing trouble, so he was eliminated to avoid problems… he might have given Berry some help in completing the puzzle, but it was too late now. All Berry could do was follow up on it and see what he could discover about the accident. Maybe his friend Dave would have something to add. He picked up the phone to call Dave…
Detective Division, Bob Mackey here…
Is Dave Lutz available?
Dave’s not available right now, can I help you?
This is Berry Sullivan, We’re old friends. I was just calling to see if he wanted to have lunch.
Berry Sullivan, the not so famous PI … I’ve heard of ya, you got some info for Dave or somethin?
No, nothing really, I just wanted to say hi.
Ok, have it your way. You wantta leave a message?
Naw, that’s ok, just tell Dave I called, if you see him.
After he hung up, Berry was thinking that it was a rather stifled conversation from his side. He didn’t want to sound like he was passing info to a cop. They might think that he was serving as an informant or something and mess up his case, but he also didn’t want to sound standoffish. He felt he had passed it of well enough not to draw any undue attention.
…
As Berry sat down in the big overstuffed usually comfortable chair in Gruter’s office he noted that he really wasn’t very comfortable… too much had happened between the time he last spoke with Gruter and now. He was busy formulating just what he should and should not say to Gruter. Some of the facts were clear, but there was a lot of haze in it all, and he didn’t want to get Gruter involved any more than he already was…
So what have you found out Berry? I am assuming you have something since you contacted me early for a change. 
Things are beginning to add up a little, but it is too early to give you the big picture.
You called me just to tell me that you don’t have anything?
No, Stanley, I have a lot, it’s just that I am not really sure how far it goes and I don’t want to cause you any problems. This thing runs a lot deeper than you expected and I want to keep you from becoming a target until I know who might be firing any arrows if you know what I mean.
Berry skirted a lot of the details but tried to give Gruter a loose picture of the information he had discovered. He told him about the Public Ventures committee, how some people were upset with people asking questions about the committee, and about some of his suspicions, but he left out a lot of the key figures.
Stanley leaned back in his chair with his hands behind his head thinking on it all in as Berry filled him in. Sooooo, what you are telling me is that I have stirred up a hornet’s nest, and that I should probably be careful who I talk to about this.
That’s the jest of it Stanley… It is turning into a real mess of intertwined groups and people, but I am getting closer to finding the single strand that could unravel all the facts. Just keep a low profile on our investigation, and I will get to the bottom of it all as soon as I can find a few more details… As Berry got up to leave, Gruter walked rapidly around the desk and grabbed Berry by the arm… is there any chance that I am a target already?
All things are possible Stanley, but at this point I don’t think so… just keep doing your job like normal and I’ll keep doing mine… and hopefully we can both avoid trouble.
…
As he was driving back to the old Collier building his cell phone began vibrating in his pocket. He had turned off the ringer so his meeting with Gruter would not be interrupted. The caller ID told him it was Dave Lutz.
Berry, Bob said you called… anything important?
Did you hear about Senator Parks?
Of course I have … it’s my job!
Well, do you think it was an accident?
Why, you heard otherwise?
Not really, it’s just a hunch… fits in to something I have been thinking about… it sort of seems suspicious to me,
OK Berry, have you been holding back on me?
Not really Dave… it’s all just speculation with a few odd facts thrown in to give me an impression of possible foul play. I just thought I would contact you to see if you know anything about it… or maybe the department was investigating it further.
It’s initially being called an accidental death, but the forensics team hasn’t finished with it yet.
Well, I would suggest going over the car thoroughly… it might hold a small clue to what actually happened.
I am sure they will be thorough as always but especially now… him being a senator and all.
It’s easy to miss little items when there is a push to resolve it quickly so the senate committees he was on can appoint a replacement and go back to work… just saying that politics can hinder a thorough investigation.
OK, I get what you’re sayin… I’ll keep an eye on it and call if I hear anything. In the mean time you wanta fill me in on what you have? I could meet you for a bite to eat around 5:30. We could talk in private and I promise no official police involvement at this point.
Well, there are a few things I could tell you that might help… we could exchange notes and see where it goes. Ok, sounds like it might be a good idea...
Berry really didn’t like the idea of getting Dave involved, but it appeared that he was already involved to a degree officially, and maybe together they could tie up some loose ends that Berry needed to finish his case. He was thinking he could get some information from “official” channels without having to share too much of his. After all, he wasn’t working for the police department, and anything they could give him could be helpful...
Although neither of them knew it yet, it was another job Dave was working with that held important insight into Berry’s work. The other duty involved organized crime and the ties several individuals had to unsolved murders. In fact, one of the individuals being investigated by the police task force Dave was on, was a key figure that could lead to discovering the truth behind Berry’s entire Committee Case… the only problem was Dave had not considered any connections yet because he didn’t have all the facts Berry possessed… and Berry was unaware of the other investigation Dave was involved in and had none of its details…
…
Hey Dave… Chief said to tell you that there is a meeting of the organized crime task force at 5:00… he wanted to make sure you would be there.
Ahhh… ok… guess I’ll have to move that bite to eat until later… he would have to call Berry and postpone the meeting… he knew Berry would understand… he was familiar with the way this business went… the job of being a cop would have to come first.
Dave’s call to Berry was short. He explained his meeting with the organized crime task force, and pushed the time he could meet back to 8:30. Berry was agreeable, and the time was set for a meeting that would lead to almost unbelievable discoveries that would change both their futures…

CHAPTER 19
The meeting lasted a lot longer than Dave expected. It was almost 8:00 and he had promised Berry he would meet him at 8:30. But Dave was actually pretty calm about it all. He was feeling rather full… not appetite for food full, but knowledge full… the task force had gone into detail on their work. They had gone over the relationship between those being investigated, their connections with organized crime, leads to unsolved murders that appeared to be mob hits, evidence, ideas, suggestions, guesses… heck, they went into so much detail Dave’s head was spinning with all the different connections.
Dave’s thoughts gravitated to the suggestion Berry had made about Senator Parks’ death maybe not being an accident. He was thinking that if Parks was killed by someone tampering with his car, then maybe there could be some mob involvement, and maybe one of the people being investigated was or knew the “Hit Man” contracted to kill him. He figured that the truth would be hard to find, but decided that if there was any truth in it, he would try to find out for sure what it was. His detective mind was echoing with three words… FIND THE EVIDENCE!!
…
Man, this whole PI thing has got me jumpy… I think I’m seeing boogie men under every tree. Ya got me questioning my own thoughts…
Good, that’s a start… as they say… just because you’re paranoid it doesn’t mean people aren’t out to get you! A little paranoia it a good thing… it keeps you on your toes…
I get enough of that in my job… I’m still growing into the whole detective job thing, but I’m sure you know the game… suppose that’s why a lot of detectives on the force are divorced or single… it’s an occupational hazard… never know when you will be called on to do your duty… not something I would recommend for the social butterfly types.
Yeaw, I don’t have a lot of friends either, but in my case I think it is more by choice than my occupation… the ones I do have are my kind of people and they understand my work… but when you come to think of it, I work with most of them in one way or another anyway… well, it’s our choice huh?
That’s for sure. Why else would we be here now? Dave smiled and gave Berry a look that said he was being sincere and Berry could tell it was in his blood… the thrill of the chase, the invigoration of the detection, the satisfaction of the catch… they were similar in those notions. Berry let down his guard a little… maybe cooperation was a good thing after all… it appeared that they both had a lot to give that could help the other… it was appearing to Berry that it could be a win win situation,
OK, I’m gonna give you some details I’ve left out. Maybe between what you have and what I have we can both help each other with our work without violating any “official” rules or client confidentiality.
You gonna go first? That’s a switch… never known you to be that cooperative.
Well, I do have a client, and that client shall be nameless and left out of this if you don’t mind.
Dave heaved a big sigh, tightened his lips, and slowly let out his breath… which made his cheek bulge out.
Berry smiled and chuckled.
What’s so funny?
Oh, nothing, it’s just that there for a minute you looked like a chipmunk … Berry chuckled again.
Fine way to start… with you insulting my looks!
Sorry… seriously, there are some things you should know that might help… some of the details may not fit with what you’re working on, but it’s my hunch that a lot of them might. I’ll give the background on what I know and you can decide where it fits… if at all.
As Berry begin to tell what he knew  Dave took the chance to bite down on his steak sandwich… he was hungry and had no problem listening to all the details while eating… he had done it a lot of times before at work…
As Berry finished filling in the blanks of what he knew, of course leaving out Gruter and how he had gotten his information, Dave’s face held a rather blank expression. At first Berry though he was day dreaming or something, and hadn’t got all of what he had been telling him.
So what you’re saying is that the suicide at the towers and the others at several universities, the senate Public Ventures committee, organized gambling, the death of Senator Parks, Marie Burton, Senator Jonathan Taylor and maybe others… and this Committee to Disband College Sports are all connected somehow… and the major players are in some way working together to make a fortune?
Berry realized that the far off look on his face meant that Dave was putting it all together in his mind. Yeaw, something like that, only my proof is a little thin at this point. I haven’t been able to find anything solid about what is actually going on. Legally, it’s purely conjecture and hearsay at this point.
But I think it is a pretty good conjecture. There are a couple of things I know that might tie up some loose ends.
Dave filled Berry in on the Organized Crime Task Force and the details he had learned. If the mob was connected in any way to Senator Parks’ death, the Task Force might be able to finger someone and get them to roll over on the whole deal. Berry could see the excitement in Dave eyes now… he was almost glowing from his enthusiasm at being involvement in this “unofficial” investigation.
Here’s to friends! Berry tilted his glass to toward Dave and they both smiled a smile that showed in their eyes… it was going to be a good friendship after all.
…
Muffin felt a little nervous about his meeting with Darby… the last time he got involved with Darby, it almost got him killed. This time Roger wasn’t going to take any unnecessary chances… he had made arrangements to meet where they couldn’t be observed… or at least it would make it difficult for anyone to see them without being seen.
He was thinking about how long he had known Darby. Roger was a few years younger, but they had known each other since they were kids. Roger and Darby had grown up in the same neighborhood, along with a much younger kid named Robert Lewis… who now went by the nickname Bobby V.
It seemed curious to Roger that the three of them grew up together it a rough neighborhood… they went much different directions in life… but even now the three of them could still be considered to be working outside of the law… maybe it was the tough neighborhood that made them like they were… maybe they liked the excitement of being considered outlaws of a sort…
As he headed up the ramp to the third floor of the parking garage his thoughts focused on Darby and the danger he could bring to this case. Roger was hoping that he could get enough time to find out a few things and get out quickly before anyone interested in Darby’s movements figured out what he was doing. He pulled into the empty parking space that was the third from the end of the row, next to a green SUV on his left side. The other two spaces to the right were empty.
The dark tinted passenger window of  the SUV began to go down slowly and when it came to a halt at the bottom Roger could see Darby’s dimly lit face.
Come to dance with the devil have you Muffin? … you know, the deeper you go the more it changes you… if information is what you seek, there is always a price to pay… even if it is just within your conscience.
My conscience is clear, how about yours? Roger dismissed the jib aimed at him and pointed it back at Darby.
I don’t have a conscience any more… that's the price I had to pay.
We sure have come a long way from the old hood... and gone different ways, but here we are… doing what we know best. I’m sorry you don’t have a conscience any more… I think it’s the only reason that society is still civilized. I rely on my conscience to keep me out of trouble. Maybe that’s why you are always in some sort of mess…
Who said I was always in a mess?
You know what I’m saying Darby… there were times in our knowing each other that I though you COULD be the devil… trouble seems to follow you… you never seem to get into it yourself, but you seem to leave a wake of trouble behind you that messes with other people’s lives… but hey, I guess we are what we are.
I need to go soon, what do you want?
I am looking for some information on a group called the Committee to Disband College Sports… I’m helping a friend with…
Darby cut him short. That again? This is the second time someone has asked me about that.
Roger was a little surprised! Who else asked you?
I just talked to Bobby V about that committee a day ago… you know, Robert Lewis from the old neighborhood… hangs with that street gang…
Roger felt frustrated. He had gone all this way to meet with Darby and now, as it turns out, he didn’t need to go to all this trouble after all… Darby had already told Bobby what he had on the committee, and if he had just stopped by Bobby’s first he really wouldn’t have had to meet with Darby. But he decided since he was already here he might as well get it from the horse’s mouth.
Ok, so what did you tell him?
You ever heard of a man named Agustus Rensillere?
No.
I’m not surprised… They call him The Magician. He works behind the scenes. He’s a power broker. He buys and sells politicians and controls the political outcomes of a lot of people’s lives… unlimited money, unlimited contacts… a lot of people owe him… and that’s the way he likes it. He’s devious, shrewd, and cunning with a predator’s instincts. In fact, if he knew we were talking about him and didn’t like it, he has enough power to make both of us disappear… you really don’t want to get in his way.
I don’t want to get into anybody’s way… so what does he have to do with it?
He’s the man behind the scenes pulling the strings. Everyone else is just doing his bidding whether they know it or not. From what I know, the committee you mentioned is one of his “projects” in a long line of many moves he has made to build a semi-pro sports league made up of possible star college athletes...
Now, it’s hard to recruit college sports stars when they are playing for a school that provides them so much attention… but say… if schools didn’t have sports programs like football, basketball, or baseball, those with the potential to become pros could find a new home in the semi-pro league… and as usual, the real motivation is money.
While most of the college athletic associations frown on gambling over the outcome of games, a semi-pro league would be wide open to gambling prospects… once people became accustomed to the new arrangement, a lot of money could be made, especially from those who used to follow college sports.
Before Darby could say anything else, they both heard a car coming up the parking garage ramp. As he began to back out quickly he yelled to Roger… Ask Bobby about the rest… and with that he headed the other way of the sound from the car coming up the ramp. Roger was glad it was over… maybe he could relax a little. His first thought though was to go see Bobby. He wanted to compare notes, and see what else Darby told Bobby… what he didn’t finish telling him when he left in such a hurry.
…
This time when Muffin pulled up in front the gang’s hangout, Bobby didn’t come out to greet him… instead three gang members sporting pistols came up to the car looking rather somber.
Hey man, Bobby wants to talk to you. Jimmy will park your car for you… one of the gang members stepped up and opened the car door, motioning for Muffin to get out.
Making light of the situation, Muffin tossed them a slight. WOW, you guys must be coming up in the world.., ya even hired your own valet … do I have to tip him? They didn’t respond …
No time to chat? … So what’s the rush? … They still didn’t respond … ok, have it your way.
As they walked into the building they headed directly towards the door on the left at the back of the room. Roger noticed that there wasn’t the usual party atmosphere going on. Everyone was rather somber and they were all watching Roger and the other two gang members cross the room. Once inside the office like room he could see Bobby sitting behind a large desk.
Waddija get me into Brahda? Someone tookit tin dair head to take Bobby dawn…  Did ju kno dat brahda?
It wasn’t me that got you into a mess Bobby… I heard you met with Darby… Getting involved with HIM always seems to cause trouble.
Ooow did ju kno bout dat brahda?
I talked to him too Bobby… and if I knew you were going to contact HIM I wouldn’t have done it myself… and I would have probably told you not to do it either!
To laaate for dat brahda… to laaaate for boat of us… he been in our lives for long time!
It was going to be a strained conversation. Both of them were concerned, and neither were happy with the backlash that might be coming. Ok, I’ll show you mine if you show me yours… Roger started their exchange of information in his normal joking manner.

CHAPTER 20
The red digits on his alarm clock were telling anyone who could see them that it was almost midnight… but Berry couldn’t see them right now… he had decided to get some rest and let his mind rest too. He had been asleep for almost an hour when the ringing of his phone brought him out of REM sleep…
What was I dreaming… I seem to remember clouds… finally he recognized the sound that woke him. Uhhhhhgg… the phone… it’s the phone.
As he picked up the phone he could hear loud classical music coming from the handset… is ahhhh… this you… Muffin?
Shore is Bear. Did I wake you? Sounds like you were asleep.
I was resting my eyes a bit… and my brain… kinda worn down… figured I needed some rest so I could stay sharp on the case... you coming over this way?
Yep, need to chat…
I’ll be here…
See ya in a few Bear…
Berry got up, slipped on some jeans and a tee shirt, and walked out to sit down at the terminals. Reaching over to one side, he flipped a switch that made several of the computer screens come to life.
He figured that Muffin must have some important information because he usually didn’t call this late… of course they had not really worked on a case like this one before… so many angles… so much to discover… so many loose ends.
It seemed like only a minute or two when he heard one of the garage doors down stairs open and could tell by the blearing classical music it was Muffin’s car pulling in. In reality it had actually been about 20 minutes since Muffin called, but Berry was still sort of in a haze from waking up and the time had passed quickly for him… he shook his head, rubbed his eyes, and tried to bring himself to being wide awake and ready for whatever Muffin had to say. He had no idea how earth-shaking it was going to be and how wide awake he would be after hearing it.
When Roger walked through the door he didn’t have his usual toothy smile or joking manner. Berry could tell that Roger was in a very serious state of mind.
Remember when you first told me about this case, and I kind of made light of it… you said it involved politics, influential people, hidden plots, and that it might put Sullivan Investigations on the map. Well you might have been exaggerating a little at that point, but from what I know now, you were exactly right on the money. I’ve had a couple of conversations lately that bear out your predictions… only it goes a lot deeper than you imagined.
Berry swung his chair away from the computer displays and looked directly at Muffin. I’ve come into some stuff myself Muffin, that makes this case look like it’s gonna be a real mind blower… I’m not sure anything you can add will surprise me at this point.
Ohhhh, I don’t know about that Bear, I think you’re gonna change your mind after you hear what I have… it appears that you have gotten into a real serious situation that that could not only put you on the map, but maybe also put you in the ground! This is NOT just another one of you run of the mill cases. I’m concerned that it could also end you career… there are some real heavy players in this. There’s already been an attempt to take out one of my information people… You need to be VERY careful about who you talk to about it… this thing could backfire and cause some real trouble for anyone who gets involved.
Berry was fully awake now and his mind was racing on the extent of what he knew already… well, let me go first. I’ll fill you in on what I have and then you can add your earth-shaking news.
Berry told Muffin about his meeting with Dave Lutz, and how they had come to the conclusion that the committee was part of a plot to make a lot of money. Muffin listened intently nodding his head occasionally as Berry told him his suspicions about what was going on and the people he thought were involved.
Well, you have got most of it right from what I can see… the only thing you missed is the extent of how far it goes… it’s not just state politics that is involved, it goes all the way to the federal government level, and up the ladder from there to elite power brokers and people behind the scenes that have a lot of power... enough to make both of us disappear if we get in their way!
It appears that they are planning to generate a lot of money from gambling… gambling on a new semi-pro league made up of athletes that are now participating in popular college sports programs. If they can sway academic leaders to remove what they consider violent sports from institutional backing, they can build a new national sports program that encourages gambling on the outcome of games. There are even politicians involved who are trying to sponsor bills in congress that would help encourage state supported universities to remove certain college level sports programs by denying funds to institutions that do not bow to their desires.
Gambling on college sports is nothing new… It goes on already, but most behind the scenes out of the sight of college sports associations. The new arrangement would now only allow it, but would sanction gambling on a non-professional sports level. There are a lot of people involved, some for more altruistic motives, others who want a cut of the money that will be generated… but there are a few players that are just in it for the power it could give them… and that is where it gets dangerous.
You need to keep what I am about to tell you as quiet as possible, otherwise we might be in for some real trouble. Roger was more serious than Berry could ever remember… no jokes, no smiles… none of his normal humor was being displayed this time.
It appears that a deal has been made between one of the most powerful people in our country when it comes to politics and a popular senator to put that senator in the White House in exchange for his support. As it turns out, it looks as if you have gotten yourself into a major plot to control not only a lot of money, but also who will be our next president.
…
Leroy Harrington was getting antsy. He had spent several days at Muffin’s request, staying at Arnold’s place and he was bored and restless. It was not like him to be so hemmed in… he thought of himself as sort of a social gadfly and staying low at Arnold’s was not his idea of a good time. As he slipped out the back his thoughts were on having fun…he figured that since he had not heard anything else from Muffin, it was probably safe to venture out into the night, and he decided to go to the men’s sauna he frequented a lot. Maybe he could find some fun there...
About a half hour later, as he started to cross the street to the sauna, a car sped around the corner and came rushing toward him… when he stepped out into the street he was so engrossed in the idea of having a good time that he didn’t notice the speeding automobile heading his way. With a loud crunch and thud the car hit Lee head on and threw his listless body into the air and over the vehicle… it sped away on into the night leaving the broken form of Lee’s almost lifeless body in the street.
A small crowd gathered around Lee… is he dead? Someone call 911… did anyone see the car? They were all shouting and talking. One of them recognized him. Hey, It’s Lee … what the heck happened? …
Muffin was just finishing telling Berry the detail of what he had found out, when Berry’s phone began to ring again… it’s almost 2 AM. Now who could be calling at this hour? Berry picked up the phone … Sullivan Investigations… Yes this is him… Yes I know him… what!!! He is? … had my card on him? … what happened? … is he going to be alright? … Ok, thank you.
Muffin could tell by Berry’s end of the phone conversation that something bad had happened. What’s going on Bear?
It’s Lee, he’s been hit by a car … hit and run … they are not sure if he will make it through the night. It appears that he might have been right about someone being out to get him. It looks like it’s gonna be a long night Muffin… things are taking a change for the worse … and all you have told me makes me think that we have a tiger by the tail and it wants to get free real bad!!
They decide that the first thing they would do is go to the hospital and check on Lee’s condition. Roger was feeling a little guilty. I told him to lay low and stay at Arnold’s. I didn’t push him on it though… at that point I really didn’t think he was in any danger… I should have been more persuasive!!
…
Dave was still up thinking about his conversation with Berry. He had decided he would talk to the chief. If it didn’t go well it could cause Berry some problems with his investigation, but if it went ok it could really provide some help to the department and give both of them an opportunity to work together with fully sanctioned approval. He had worked with consultants in the past and it had usually turned out to be a good thing. If the chief approved, maybe this time it would provide him a better grasp on HIS work, and it could prove to be a real career booster for both of them.
…
As he punched in the code numbers on the security key pad, the glowing digits of time located at the top of the console reminded him that he was still going from the day before. it was 4:32 AM! This HAD been a long day and night, and he was ready for some well deserved rest. Crossing the room he headed straight for his bed. He figured he would sleep well for a few hours at least, even with all the information he had rolling around in his brain. He was so tired that his normally active mind would this time he was sure, surrender to his body and even remain quiet for while…

CHAPTER 21
The sun was beginning to rise over the city spreading light into the dark alleys and hidden pathways, sending those using the cover of the night to their safe places until they could feel more confident to continue their activities. A car with a cracked windshield and a large dent in the right fender also ducked from the pending daylight as it quickly pulled into a garage on the south side. The automobile’s occupant got out swiftly and walked away down the street as the garage door closed slowly behind.
…
On another side of town those inside a hidden hangout gathered to discuss tactics… their plans were developing well, and the people running this side of it were handing things in their usual efficient manner … no conscience, no regrets, only possible problems to be eliminated in their goal to build of a new, more powerful organized crime family.
Sophia had also been up most of the night. She stared out the window of the upstairs apartment deep in thought. She was supervising all aspect of their involvement closely now. There could be no slip ups, no mistakes… a lot was at stake for her… for her entire organizational plans… she had to make it work… she was thinking that papa would be so proud if he could see her now.
Her father had been a cautious man, and was very thorough in his approach to running the family business. Although he controlled the organization and made the major decisions, it was his two right hand men that were the most public figures. He stayed out of the limelight, and was never really connected to the activities his organization undertook. The problem was he didn’t have any sons to leave his legacy too.
The family was a throwback to the past with a primarily male dominated leadership… women were not considered for positions in the mob, so when he died his two public associates took over control and pushed his daughters out. It had always been a bone of contention for Sophia and her middle sister for years. Being the only sibling with an interest in the old family business, Sophia felt it was hers to inherit… that the control of the organization was stolen from her… the middle sister just wanted what she felt was her just payments for enduring all the trouble.
If he were still alive, he would have to realize now that she had more of him in her than both of her other sisters. It was her careful planning that was going to restore the old glory… her steady and calculated actions that would bring control back home where it belonged. If it all went like she had planned, the Grendandino family would rise once again to a position of power. But this time it would be her, Sophia at the helm, and not two men who were really not part of HER family in the first place.
…
He walked into the Chief’s office, shut the door, and sat down in front of the Chief’s desk. He had grabbed the opportunity to get the Chief alone to discuss his idea, and he was going to make the best of it.
Chief Dobbins, I have an idea that I think could help the department and assist the Organized Crime Taskforce I am working on. I would like to suggest that the department hire a consultant with outside ties and street contacts to assist in the investigations. I have found that a lot of police departments use consultants and they seem to be able to provide assistance in getting people to give up information that they won’t give to the police. There’s this guy I know who already seems to know a lot about what’s going on out there, and I think he might be able to help us. His name is Berry Sullivan.
The chief sat silent for a while staring at Dave with a sort of unpleasant look on his face.  The Chief scowled a lot and Dave was hoping it was just the usual demeanor that he presented to all his people and not his disapproval of Dave’s idea that was making him look at Dave that way.
So you think a PI can help the department?
Well… yes… he HAS been working as a private investigator… but I believe it has given him a lot of opportunities to make contacts with people we can’t get to. He knows a lot about the people in this city, and he seems to be a straight forward guy that we can trust.
Is that why you have been working with him lately on some of your assignments? Dave was a little surprised that the Chief knew about his contacts with Berry. I know a lot more than you think… I didn’t get to be Chief without learning how to keep up on things that are going on around me.
Here’s the deal, I have already been considering bringing him on as a consultant, and I will agree to putting Berry Sullivan on a three month contract but you have to keep me fully informed on what you two come up with. It’s a two way street Detective Lutz…. I give you something and you get me something… hopefully the depart wins in the end.
Here’s the background files, some details on your consultant, the arrangement with the department, and what I require of you… you can work out the rest between you two. The Chief handed Dave a folder, and then promptly got up and escorted him out of his office. Just before Dave was out of ear shot, the Chief shouted down the hall to him. You better keep this under control… I want to know everything you do, no exceptions… I REALLY MEAN IT!!
Dave sat at his desk going through the information in the folder the Chief had given him. There were consultant release forms, guidelines for information sharing, confidential reports on previous contacts between Barry’s investigative work and the department… Dave was thinking that there was more in there than he really wanted to know regarding Berry…
Along with all the various forms and reports Dave found, there was also a surprising report regarding the Law Enforcement Institute at the university. It indicated that through the Chief, the department was highly involved with the institute and its programs and curriculum. In fact it pointed out that the Chief was an active supporter, and lobbied both local and state governments to help provide funding for the institute’s work.
What wasn’t surprising to Dave was that the institute’s Director, Dianne Cummings, had provided the Chief with a strong positive reference for Berry’s investigative talents. She even said that he was possibly the best investigator she had ever met because of his ability to put all the facts together using only small amounts of initial information.
…
Berry’s eyes popped open like one of those dolls with mechanical eyeballs… his mind snapped quickly to the events of the night before… and all the information he had been given… he was in the “Big Time” as they say… this one was not just another case that would pay the bills and keep him busy… it was real serious this time… people were getting hurt and even dying… even though he had gotten very little sleep he was not feeling tired… quite the opposite, he was feeling excited and anxious to get at it.
It didn’t take long for Berry to get into his morning routine. Even though he had missed the news… the silent digits on the wall indicated it was already 8:30 am,,, he dove right into the morning turning on all his gadgets and tuning the TV to the morning talk show channel. He leaned forward toward one specific screen and clicked the mouse to open a folder he was collecting on the case… he had a lot to add to it, and he was hoping that the process of organizing it all would lead him to some answers.
Berry was steeped in information when the phone rang almost startling him out of his concentrated accumulations … Sullivan Investigations… Oh hey Dave, what you got going this morning?
YOU WHAT? I don’t think that was a good idea… I was really intending on keeping our cooperation just between us…
HE DID?
Being careful not to mention their current joint investigation or any real details, Dave told Berry about the Chief’s approval to bring Berry on as a “general” consultant working with Dave, the Chief’s involvement in the Institute, and the reference Dianne had given Berry. For a few seconds there was a period of silence that became almost too uncomfortable for Dave. SO… are you happy or pissed?
A little confused, I always got the impression that the Chief didn’t like me.
He doesn’t like any one… goes around with a scowl on his face all the time… hey, but at least he’s on board with us working together.
So what’s the next step?
Can you come over here for a few? There’s some paper work that needs to be completed.
There’s always some paper work to be done… guess I better get that out of the way first. See ya in an hour.
Berry hadn’t had time yet to decide whether this was a good or bad thing. He was thinking that there was always the threat of a leak when the entire department was involved, but also that he would have access to a lot more resources like the crime lab…
He decided to reserve his judgment until he could determine how this was going to work. There was a lot at stake, and this move could either make or break it all. He would proceed cautiously and take it one step at a time…
…
Michael was scheduled to play Baltimore for the next two days, and he had decided that this was a good time to check in with an old friend he had in DC. He knew he could make the trip and be back in time for the show this evening, but he really didn’t want to have a limo shuffle him back and forth and have a driver know about his comings and goings. He decided to make the trip as a sight-seeing senior.
When the cab pulled up in front of the hotel, Mike handed the cabbie 5 hundred dollar bills and a piece of paper… Take me to this address in DC sonny and wait for me outside… and it’s all yours…
Hey old man, for that kind of cash I’ll take you to Timbuktu… guess you don’t got any luggage, so hop in and off we go.
Although the distance was not that great, the traffic had lengthened the trip to just a little over an hour. It was almost noon when then pulled up at the address he had given the cabbie.
I’m just meetin an old friend I haven’t seen in a while, I’m not planin to eat… they were sitting in front of a small bar and grill… I should only be about 20 minutes… if it costs any more I’ll pay… just stay here until I return.
Mike exited the cab, walked into the bar, sat down in an empty booth towards the back end of the room, and took off his cap laying it on the edge of the table… immediately, a younger looking man in a suit got up from his seat across the room and slid into the other side of the booth opposite Mike.
I wasn’t sure that was you until you did the cap thing… nice sign… NICE disguise… what’s up Michael? His friend wasn’t too surprised to see Michel in his disguise as an old man… he knew that Mike had been doing that for a while to avoid being mobbed when he would go out in public…
Like I said when I called, I was in the area and wanted to catch up with you… it’s been a while.
It has been! I saw you were playing Baltimore… thought about contacting you, but didn’t know how to reach you… glad you called. You want to get something to eat?
Naw, go ahead, I’m watching my weight, you know… the rock star image and all… I can stay and talk for a while… but gotta be back for the show tonight, so I don’t have a whole lot of time anyway.
During the course of the conversation Michael steered towards his main purpose… politics were never very interesting to me… I haven’t followed it much… but I am beginning to become more interested, so fill me in, what’s new in DC from your perspective?
Same ol same ol Mike… both sides are working against the other trying to win as many point as they can… all leading to the next elections 2 years from now. It’s partisan party politics as usual.
I did hear something about possibly a new bill being introduced that would sanction gambling on amateur sports or something like that… now that’s something that interests a rock and roll star like me… Mike smiled a big toothy grin trying to indicate that he was just asking that question to have fun. After all, he really had not heard anything about such a bill, except from Berry... he was just fishing.
That’s interesting… it’s suppose to be a big secret… but I guess it’s not that big of a secret if you know about it. Rumor has it that Senator Taylor is planning to introduce a bill that would make it legal to bet on national amateur sports leagues… but since there aren’t any national amateur sports leagues in existence it seems rather pointless… that’s why it will probably get passed. In my opinion, a lot of pointless legislation gets passed these days.
Michael’s eyes lit up but he tried not to show too much excitement so he wouldn’t tip his hand. Well, if there ever is, it sounds like fun to me… what else am I gonna do with all that money… they both laughed out loud…
…
After dealing with the panicked entourage that freaked out when they couldn’t find him, Michael arrived back in his hotel room, and the first thing he did was open his laptop and send a “special” message to Berry, It WAS special… Berry had installed an encryption program based on DOD standards… only Berry’s software had some of its own routines he had added.
In addition to removing the hidden backdoor included in most encryption programs at the request of the NSA and Homeland security, he had added an additional level of encryption so the original encrypted file was also encrypted again.
The genius part of Berry’s software was the message encoder. The user would type a message into the encoder, enter a 256 bit key word, and click on the encrypt action. The encoder would then paint a graphics using the key and encoded message as a basis for drawing the picture. The end result was a real picture that could be transmitted along with a benign message. The receiver could then run the picture through the decoder, and by entering the 256 bit key it would display the original message.
…

CHAPTER 22
Did forensics find any evidence on Charles Loften’s body? Berry got right down to business as he approach Dave’s desk.
Good morning to you too Berry.
I was thinking that maybe there was something there that connected with all the other stuff… Berry shut the door behind him. I have a few things that you might be interested in too,., I’ve been able to get some inside information… kinda scary… I’m beginning to think your case and mine are one in the same.
The M.E. has finished examining the body, but I haven’t been able to get with Metzer yet… he runs the lab... kind of an uptight person… always on the go… he told me he would call if he had anything, and I would rather not bother him since he gets sort of touchy… but I can call him if you feel it’s really important.
I’m not trying to be pushy… it’s just that I believe the sooner we have some evidence the sooner we have some answers. I am hoping there is something there that can give us a lead… if they found anything… it might put us onto some things… that’s all I am saying…
Ok, I’ll give him a call in a minute… So what’s the scary news you have?
Ahhhh, you ever heard of a man named Agustus Rensillere?
Nope can’t say that I have… what’s he got to do with it?
He’s what they call a power broker… a man behind the curtain type… a lot of power, but not up front about it… he put’s other people into powerful positions… to do his bidding. From what I was told almost every politician owes him in one way or another… makes it almost impossible to pin him down on any illegal activity.
My sources have indicated that he is behind a push to remove most college sports programs from state supported schools. He wants to replace them with national amateur sports leagues that are not restricted by the current college sports regulations… the goals of the plan is to provide government approved gambling for the fans and thus make large amounts of money from all the proceeds.
HIS goal is however about gaining more power. He has made a deal with a current senate member by which new legislation is being introduced that sets up his plan in exchange for a presidential bid for the senator. However, I am sure the real payback he wants is control of the presidency.
You’re talking about Senator Johnathan Taylor right? Dave was beginning to put all the pieces together from Berry’s info. So it’s a political battle with very high stakes? That explains the motive… the means may be the organized crime families, but we need to find more connections to get the opportunity… that is not going to be easy with the major players that appear to be involved.
That’s why I was hoping there was forensics evidence that we could use to tie up the loose ends. I would bet my last dollar that the murder of Charles Loften is tied to all this some way and maybe the killer made a mistake… that would give us some real physical evidence to work from and some leverage on the case.
I’ll call Carl right now… hang on a second… Dave was a lot more enthusiastic about bothering him now… he dialed the lab and waited for Carl to answer. Hey Carl, this is Dave Lutz…. I was wondering if you got anything off the Loften body… YOU DID… yeah, that’s great… how long will the search take?  Ok, I’ll be waiting for your call.
I didn’t know they could do that, but apparently he was able to get most of a fingerprint off of the deceased’s hand… something about superglue and how it reacts when it is vaporized… anyway, they are running the print through the database right now. He is going to call me if he gets a match. While we’re waiting you want to fill in that paperwork?
Geeze, I was hoping you would forget to get around to that… I guess it has to be done sooner or later… might as well… better than just sitting here waiting for the match results. Berry sat down in front of Dave’s desks and began to sort through the various forms that Dave had shoved towards him.
…
I appreciate you picking up the last of it for me. I would have had to change my plans to get back in time. Did you have any problems? He was a little shaky the last time we spoke. I had to reassure his that it was ok and this was the last time I would be need it.
No problems. It went fine. She was short with her answers. She didn’t want reveal that he had been taken out to remove him as a possible problem later.
I didn’t want to ask you in the first place to locate someone for me, but as you know, I don’t travel in the same circle as you do, and it would have been difficult if not impossible for me to find someone that could keep quiet about my work. It’s important, and I believe it can change so many things wrong in this world.
Sophia handed her the case… you know I don’t really support what you are doing, but you are my sister, and if you can’t help family who can you help …
Oh, it’s packed in dry ice… so you will need to transfer it to a cold storage location after you open the case.
She left with her prize. She was thinking that her work was the most important thing in her life, and that Sophia could never understand the loss she experienced or how it had affected her life… she would change all that… her work would change it so no one would have to go through that again!
…
Alice, I need to talk with you privately, can you come in here for a minute and shut the door? Alice got nervous whenever Marie sounded so serious. She always thought she had done something that displeased Marie when she was called into her office, and she never wanted to displease her.
As you know Alice, I have been conducting some psychological research to help determine the basis behind aggressive behavior. I have been using various scenarios and some MINOR psycho active medications to assist in this research. Recently I have discovered that small quantities of some of these medications have come up missing… it’s not really anything that serious, but I don’t want to get in trouble with the academic people who are supporting my efforts… accountability is very important in this research.
Yes Mrs. Burton, I understand that… I have always tried to be very strict in accounting for every penny we spend. As you know, I’m not really informed on the details of your research… you have mostly keep it to yourself… but from my position, I’m not aware of anything out of the ordinary going on…
I am not accusing you of anything Alice… I just wanted to ask if you were aware of the situation.
Like I said Mrs. Burton, I don’t have any real detailed involvement in your actual research activities… I mainly deal with the lecture tours… the scheduling and the expenses they incur… but I will check into what I can find out if you like.
That will not be necessary Alice… I was just asking… you do a fine job working with my lecture circuit, and that’s what I need from you the most. That will be all.
Leaving Marie’s office Alice was a little relieved that Marie had actually paid her a complement in a roundabout way and didn’t suspect her. She was thinking that keeping a low profile had actually been a benefit this time...
…
I know I told you that it was all I would need, but it seems that I have come up a few doses short… I was hoping you could make the same arrangements for me.
I’m afraid that is impossible at this point. It appears that my contact has gone out of business and will not be available to supply you any longer. You will have to make do with what I gave you, and with that she hung up the phone.
Marie was frustrated with the phone call and couldn’t understand why she would not help get her more. After all she had already done you would think a small thing like this would be a simple request. She had no idea that the supplier had stopped doing business because he was dead.
While Marie was on the phone Alice quietly slipped out to take care of what she called some personal business… it was something she had been planning to deal with for several days. She could not let Marie’s work become daunted by the likes of a few loud mouths. She had been able to deal with the other situations that could have stopped the progress of Marie’s work… now she had some unfinished business to take care of and if she played it right, it would help keep Marie in a positive position and also put aside one any possible threats to Marie’s research…

CHAPTER 23
Dave was still trying to decide what he would tell the Chief and what he would conveniently leave out. There were some details that would tie very nicely to the Organized Crime Task Force and others that would probably cause some real issues with the Chief. By the time he started towards the Chief’s office he had decided to tell him what he thought about the deaths of the college students and the possible tie to the murder of Charles Loften… but he would leave out the details on sports gambling, power brokers, and the possible ties to presidential politics. The problem was, he wasn’t sure who he could trust and he didn’t want to take any chances that might put his or Berry’s life in jeopardy.
Before he could get a few steps away from his desk, one of the detectives yelled out to him … Hey Dave, you have a call from the lab on line 3. He was thinking that this might be the break he was looking for… and he was right.
 Yes… you did? A Vincent Balboa huh? Yes… I know who he is… THANKS! This is a great help.
Dave decided to postpone his meeting with the Chief. He felt that he needed to get with Berry first and go over the new info before he laid anything down to the chief. He might be able to spill a little more if he was able to put it together better, and this evidence could give him the edge he was looking for…
Berry, I need to talk to you right away… can you meet me at O’Malleys in about 30 minutes? Ok, I’ll wait, but hurry as much as you can… this is really important. The excitement in Dave’s voice was telling Berry that it really was important.
Ok, Dave, I’ll get there as soon as I can.
…
All he asked for was a cup of coffee for both of them. This time there were no amenities or food to get in their way. They were both focused on the case.
The lab came up with a match. The print lifted from Loften’s hand belongs to Vincent Balboa…
Vinnie B… wasn’t he part of the old Grendandino crime family? I thought he retired after the old man died.
He happens to be one of the suspects we’re investigating through the Organized Crime Task Force. We’ve been trying to tie him to several unsolved murders that we believe were the work of the old Grendandino clan. But it appears the he may be back in business and possibly the family too. I am getting ready to go to the Chief and give him some of the details on what we have found, but I wanted to talk to you first so we can get our stories straight on how much I should tell him. I don’t want to jeopardize things and I am not really sure where he stands.
Then I would say it is best to play it safe and keep a lot of the details out. Until we’re sure how far this really goes and who exactly is tied into the entire situation, it would probably be best not to give up too much of what we have found. It could come back and bit us Dave.
I’m aware of that Berry… I had already decided not to include all the big wigs and politics we have discovered, just to be on the safe side, but with this new evidence I probably need to get into the whole gambling thing in order to tie organized crime into the situation. I'll need to bring Vinnie in for questioning, and I need to establish a motive… so what do you think I can tell the Chief without giving away the entire hand yet?
It’s gonna be hard to discuss the gambling aspect without telling him about the plot to do away with college sports programs Dave. I am thinking you can tell him that you haven’t discovered the major players yet, only the plans that included organized crime families… it might buy us some time to find some more evidence that can provide a definite tie to those involved, the power broker, and presidential politics.
Sounds like a plan to me… OK, I’ll get back to you in a little while and let you know how it went… I am hoping he will be happy with what I tell him and not upset that we haven’t put it all together yet… he can be a real pain at times!
Just be careful not to look too excited… you know how you get when you have something important … your eyes sort of light up.
I’ll try to keep them dim for a change… Dave got up and walked away with a smirk on his face. He WAS excited about the prospect of solving a MAJOR case.
…
When Dave got back to the department he stopped by the Chief’s office to talk with him, but was told he would have to make an appointment for later that afternoon. From what he was told, it appeared that the Chief was in a heated discussion with the FBI regarding a jurisdiction dispute. Dave walked away quickly after setting a time to meet. He was hoping that the Chief’s discussion had NOTHING to do with what he and Dave were working on.
He would have to deal with that later. For now he needed to find Vincent Balboa and bring him in for questioning on the Loften murder. Maybe he could get more information from Vinnie that would provide him with better support when he did finally talk to Chief Dobbins. One thing at a time… he would deal with what he had evidence on first and work on tip toeing around what information to give the Chief later.
…
I want to thank you for the great reference you gave Chief Dobbins about my work.
You weren’t supposed to know about that… how did you find out?
Well, I am a detective… it’s my job to find things out. Anyway, I really DO appreciate it. It has provided me with a good opportunity to work with the department on a fully sanctioned basis. They have put me on a 3 month retainer and I am working as a consultant with Lt. Dave Lutz.
That’s fantastic! But I am sure it wasn’t anything I said… the Chief is a smart man, and he probably decided that a good PI like you might be of some help to his department.
You’re a good judge of character. Do you think he’s an honest man… can he be trusted in your opinion? If I’m gonna work for the department I wantta know all I can so I don’t get myself into something I can’t get out of.
I believe he’s an honest man. I don’t have anything that tells me otherwise. He has always seemed to me to be pretty straight… of course that’s just my opinion… I really don’t know him that well.
Well, he apparently thinks a lot of you and your institute… I’m not sure if you knew. But he has been lobbying for your institute to help raise funds to keep you a float. I believe he thinks your institute is a good place to train his people.
I believe that it is too, but I didn’t know he was so interested in our work. I guess it goes to show you that quality is the best advertizing… so... what are you guys working on?
Oh, a few things here and there… some of it looks like it ties into my current client’s case… I can’t really talk about most of it… suffice to say we are in the middle of a serious case that we both have been working on from opposite ends… but now we are able to put the ends together and come up with some evidence and inside information we would have never gotten to by working separately.
Dianne felt a little left out… I am sure it is something important or you wouldn’t be so evasive… I wasn’t trying to be nosey… just curious.
You know I value your opinion… you always have good insight… it’s just that I want to make sure I don’t breach any department protocol… I had to sign a bunch of papers… you know…. department confidentiality and all… I am sorry I am being so secretive… it’s not that I don’t trust you… I just don’t want to get either you or me into any trouble. Berry WAS being sincere… he really did want to tell her what was going on, but he was concerned that if she knew too much she might become a target for those wanting to keep things quiet. He smiled a gentle smile
I’ll fill you in a little more as we get closer to solving the case.
Fair enough… do you have time to stay for a while and watch a movie with me? He really didn’t, but he stayed anyway… he like being with her and it seemed to sooth his mind when they were together.
…
Having put on a nurses outfit, she slipped in the emergency entrance and worked her way to the elevator trying not to be too noticeable. Her mind was on finishing what she had started and she was engrossed in thought when the elevator doors opened. It was not like her to be distracted but she had been so deep in her thoughts that she failed to notice the guard stationed at the nurses desk.
Can I help you nurse? The guard stopped her before she could continue down the corridor.
Her mind was moving quickly and came up with an answer intended to disarm his query. Can you tell me where Maternity is located? I’m new here and still leaning to find my way around.
You’re on the wrong floor. Maternity is down on 4.
Oh, gosh, I’m sorry… like I said I get turned around easy… Thanks… she headed back to the elevator and pushed the down button… standing and waiting for the elevator to arrive she felt as if she might almost faint… this we too close… she would need to find another time to get to him… another time to finish her task… for now she would retreat and attempt to make new plans…
She wasn’t really doing this job for herself… even though the situation could reveal her darker deeds to everyone… she was doing it mostly for the one she admired so much… the one that had changed her life… the one she  considered her oldest friend. Whatever it took, she would do it… in her mind she was helping him as well as advancing her own ambitions... and nothing she did would be too much.
Stepping off the elevator and starting toward the exit, she caught a glimpse of a man getting on the elevator… he didn’t see her face, but unbeknownst to her, it struck him that there was something familiar about the nurse he saw walking away as he got on. She didn’t know him, but he knew her. Luck was with her today, because if he HAD seen her face, Berry would have recognized her and realized that she wasn’t really a nurse. She disappeared out the exit unheralded.
Berry had come to speak with the doctor and check in on Lee to see if there was any change in his condition. He was feeling a little guilty… Lee wasn’t a close friend of his, mostly a friend of Muffins… but he had asked Muffin to check out the committee and Muffin got Lee involved, so in a roundabout way he felt it was sort of his fault Lee had been hurt.
When the elevator doors opened, he recognized the officer on duty at the nurses desk… Hey Riley, what you doing here?
Lutz has me doing duty and watching out for a patient he thinks may be involved in an investigation he’s workin on. You know how paranoid he gets at times… What you up too?
Well to be honest, sort of the same thing… Don’t know if they told everyone yet but I’ve been put on as a temporary consultant… I’m working with Detective Lutz on a case… and it just might involve a patient here… I came to check on his condition.
Ahhhh, sorry… hay don’t say anything to Detective Lutz about my paranoid comment … I was just being mouthy ya know…
No problem… do you know where his doctor is? I want to talk with him a minute.
I’ll see if the nurse can find him… the officer turned to the nurse sitting at the desk and began talking to her in low tones… then he motioned for Berry to come over to the desk.
She says he’ll be back up here around 6 PM… and that according to the doctor the patient is doing a little better but he’s not out of the woods yet.
Can I See him?
The nurse spoke up this time… he opened his eyes for the first time this morning, but he’s been sedated and is sleeping right now… you’ll have to come back later when he’s awake.
Turning back to the officer Berry asked about visitors. Has the patient had any visitors today? Was there anybody here to see him?
I’ve been here since early this morning, and there hasn’t been anyone in to see him with the exception of the staff doctors and nurses. It’s been pretty quite all day.
Berry was about to leave when the officer spoke up again. There was one thing that caught my attention… just before you arrived in fact… there was this nurse that got off the elevator looking for the maternity ward… said she was new and was lost… I told her it was on the 4th floor and she took off back down the elevator.
Why do you say it caught your attention Riley? Was there something about her that struck you as odd?
Not really, it’s just that it was way before shift change, and it seemed unusual that a nurse wouldn’t know where the maternity ward was… but I sort of dismissed it… I figured that could happen in a large hospital like this.
Thanks was all Berry said as he headed for the elevator… at least he knew that Lee was doing better… he had a lot more things to follow up on and he would have to check on Lee’s progress more closely some other time...
The nurse the officer mentioned made him think about the nurse he saw when he was getting on the elevator… the one that seemed a little familiar in some way… maybe there was something about her that he WAS familiar with… maybe she was someone he knew… maybe she was the person who ran over Lee. He knew it would be too late to follow her. By now she was long gone… he made a mental note to follow up on it just like he was doing on all the other puzzle pieces that were floating around in his head.
When the elevator door opened Berry stopped short in his tracks. There was a look on his face of a man who just had a epiphany. Reaching in the elevator Berry turned the run switch to the off position and flipped open his cell phone…
Dave, how much trouble would it be... and how long will it take to get someone up to the hospital to take fingerprints off of elevator buttons? … yes I believe it does… ok, I’ll make sure it is out of operation until he gets here…. Officer Riley can keep an eye on the situation… THANKS Dave… I have a hunch the person that ran over Lee Harrington was here to finish the job… maybe we can get some evidence from the elevator buttons…

CHAPTER 24
Vinnie sat behind the table in the center of a small room with dark walls and no decorations. He smiled a big smile as he looked up toward the camera that was hung near the ceiling above the door. He had been through this many times before in the past, only it had been quite a while since had faced a good stiff interrogation… but he was ready… and he was confident that, like in the past, there would be no real evidence that he had done anything they were going to accuse him of. He was thinking that once the family’s lawyer arrived he would be out of there and on his way when the door burst open and three men entered the room.
Berry stood back against the wall opposite the suspect with the third man standing beside him as Dave sat down in the chair on the opposite side of the table.
I’m Lt. Dave Lutz Mr. Balboa… standing behind me is Special consulting detective Berry Sullivan and our department’s chief of forensics. Dave didn’t tell the suspect that Berry was just a consultant… he wanted Vinnie to know that he was there for serious business and he felt that by telling Vinnie that he was including important department people as backup during the questioning he was making a strong point of that fact.
Mr. Balboa, are you aquatinted with a man name Charles Loften?
Can’t say I’ve ever heard of him… did this Loften guy finger me for some crime or something? … what’s this puke accusing me of?
Feeling guilty Vinnie?
No, but I figure you didn’t bring me down here just to have a friendly chat.
Well, he’s not accusing you of anything Vinnie… he’s dead… and we think you had something to do with that?
So let me get this straight… you’re sayin that I killed this Loften guy … who I already said I never heard of… you’re gonna charge me with killin this guy? … well, I’m sure there ain’t no evidence cause I didn’t do nothing… and I ain’t sayin nothin more till I can call my lawyer… I know my rights …
It’s funny that you mentioned evidence Vinnie… because we DO have evidence… we have your fingerprints from the crime scene… where you shot him in one of the buildings down in Warehouse Row… that’s where we found him.
Warehouse Row!!! … Vinnie laughed… I’ve been in all of them places down there… I work for people who do business in most of them places… ya know… doing little odds and ends… my fingerprints are probably everywhere down there… along with a whole lot of other people’s I’ll bet… you can’t arrest me for that… you got any witnesses to this killin I was supposed to do?
No Vinnie, we don’t have any witnesses, I’m certain you made sure you wouldn’t be seen. But we DO have some evidence… Berry, you want to tell Mr. Balboa what you discovered when you reviewed the crime scene?
Well, it appeared that the victim was clutching something in his hand when he was shot, and it also appeared that the killer pried open the victim’s hand and removed whenever he was holding.
It appeared that? … You got to be kiddin me… you say you got no witnesses? … so you concoct some crazy story about this guy being killed having something in his hand and it appeared that I supposedly took it… you guys must have it in for me or something… I didn’t do nothing, and you can’t prove that I did … you musta been smoking crack or something when you came up with that story!
Vinnie was still smiling like he knew something they didn’t… he was sure he was going to walk out of there still smiling.
It’s not just a story Vinnie… the fingerprint of yours we got wasn’t form any of the warehouses… it was from the victim.
Vinnie stopped smiling. 
You see Vinnie, I wasn’t aware of it, but it seems that Carl, our forensic scientist over there, has a technique for lifting fingerprints from a person’s skin… it involves vaporized Super Glue… probably not something you were aware of from the old days of your work… but let’s skip the details… what was the match percentage Carl?
It was a hundred percent Dave…
You see, the point is Vinnie we have you cold. Your fingerprint was on the victim’s hand. When you pried open his hand to remove what you had killed him for, you left your fingerprint on his skin… there isn’t a jury in this country that wouldn’t convict you just on that evidence alone.  Dave was implying that he had more evidence than he did… with all we have on you, we’re talking first degree murder… you could spend the rest of your life behind bars… depending on the outcome of our little chat...
Vinnie sat rather still and quiet in his chair… he was contemplating his situation… he wasn’t smiling at all now… in fact he had an expression on his face that that looked more like he was in pain.
You said I COULD spend my life behind bars depending on how our talk here goes… you offering me a deal?
What I am saying Vinnie is that I might be able to help you some if you help me. What I want is the name of the person behind the hit… you tell me who you were working for and I will speak to the DA.
Vinnie leaned forward and looked Dave right in the eyes… I’ve never got a break for the cops… how do I know you’re being straight with me?
We’re the good guys Vinnie… what we want is to stop this before it gets completely out of hand… we want the people behind all this mess. YOU know things that can help us get to the people that are really causing this trouble that you are in. You’re not our primary target, and we can take you out of the scope if you help us. Do you still want to talk to your lawyer of do you want to talk to me?
If I tell you something you wanta know you’ll reduce my charges and my time?
I said I would talk to the DA.
You bring me a statement from the DA saying what he is offering and if it’s good for me, I’ll talk to ya… but nothing till I get it in writing.
I’ll see what I can do. Dave got up and motioned to Berry for them to leave the room…
Once they were a few steps away from the interrogation room, Berry spoke what he was really thinking. Do you really think the DA will actually cut him a deal for his information?
I don’t know Berry, but if we’re going to have any chance of the DA working with us on this, we’re going to have to get the Chief involved…I think it’s time we had a sit down with Chief Dobbins and filled him in on what we have… maybe everything we have.
The look on Berry’s face read like a book. He wasn’t happy with the idea of giving the Chief the entire story… he still wasn’t sure if he could trust the Chief in spite of how Dianne might feel about it. He knew she was a good judge of character, and he really wasn’t second guessing her opinion. He was just thinking that he had been fooled before, and it could happen to Dianne too…
Listen Dave, I’m not sure we should get into the power broker stuff and presidential politics. I have to be honest, I really don’t know if we can completely trust the Chief… I’m not saying he crooked… it’s just that there is a lot at stake here… maybe even including our lives and the lives of others… are you sure you want to tell him EVERYTHING?
I’m not keen on the idea either, but we need to get something concrete confirming our suspicions… and Vinnie just might have what we need to tie it all together. It appears that this is the only way we’re going to get Vinnie to talk. We’ll have to see how much leverage we need before the Chief is willing to get involved in the politics of inter-department cooperation… if we can convince him about our suspicions regarding ties to organized crime and gambling…. well, that might be enough…  maybe we won’t have to tell him EVERYTHING!
…
The Chief had just finished a conversation and was hanging up the phone when Dave and Berry entered his office.  Dave closed the door behind them and approached his desk while Berry sort of stood in the background.
I only have a few minutes Lt. Lutz so make this quick. I have a meeting with the Mayor… the Chief drew a deep breath and sort of mused out loud… he’s been giving me a hassle about crime statistics… it’s all politics to him. So what do you have?
Well, it’s more what we need … not that we don’t have anything… we have a real break in the Loften murder case… and it looks as if it leads to much more…
Get to the point… the Chief tapped on the face of his wrist watch indicating he was in a hurry.
Well, sir… we need to get the DA to make a deal with a suspect… Vincent Balboa… we have him dead to rights for the Loften murder… Carl in forensics was able to lift his fingerprints from the victim’s body… we believe he was hired as a hit man… from what we have discovered we believe that organized crime families are involved and it may also involve a plan to take control of organized gamble on sports… and he’s willing to talk and give us information on who is behind it… The problem is he won’t say a word until we get him some kind of deal in writing from the DA.
The Chief’s expression changed from a frown to what could be considered the first smile like look that Dave had ever seen on him. How sure are you about Balboa giving you good information?
Mr. Sullivan has been working from the other side of this case and he has received some very solid inside information that points to the same conclusions… he’s pretty sure we’re heading in the right direction…
I’m going to be honest with you boys… the timing on this is good for my meeting with the Mayor… it gives me an edge… if he believes the department is close to resolving some of the goals of the Organized Crime Task Force it could take some pressure off of me.
The look on Dave and Berry’s faces must have given away their thoughts. The Chief was more observant and a lot quicker to grasp the entire situation than Dave had figured. Don’t worry Lt. Lutz, I won’t tell him more than he needs to know to keep him happy… being a politician, I don’t trust him either… I would never jeopardize an ongoing investigation by telling a politician all we know… you can relax.
The Chief got up from his desk and motioned for them to leave the office with him. I’ll speak with the DA after my meeting with the Mayor. I’m pretty sure he will cooperate… he owes me anyway, and this would be a good time to call in that debt…
Berry with thinking that even though the Chief didn’t talk to him directly, he was more cooperative than Berry thought he would be…and he didn’t aim any arrows directly at Berry…
His mind was reorganizing his thoughts. Maybe this arrangement is going to be a lot more beneficial than I first thought… he really doesn’t seem to be such a bad guy… probably it’s all the responsibility that makes it seem to his people like he’s an old Grisly Bear.
Returning to Dave’s office Berry spoke his mind. He’s not so bad to deal with… from your description of him, I thought I was gonna get my head bit off…
It’s timing Berry… we couldn’t have come to him with this request for his help at a better opportunity.
Berry was thinking that his timing was getting better…

CHAPTER 25
His voice was slow and steady and sounded a little mechanical… I heard that one of your boys is in police custody and being interrogated about that little deal you made with the chemist…
Sophia was taken completely by surprise by his words… How did you know about that?
I know about everything… I am proficient at discovering knowledge that eludes others… that is how I have gotten to where I am now. Who do you think gave her the idea to use it with her research in the first place? That’s why she came to you to find someone who could produce it. I am always working in the background… that’s how I stay clean.
The point is one of your soldiers… Vincent Balboa… he has been arrested for the murder of Charles Loften. They are talking to him and trying to get him to tell them what he knows. There is a lot more at stake here than your little family business and what you’ll gain from the gambling side. What you know is just a small piece of it all. Fortunately, you’re just a very small part of this and your mistake can’t stop the progress... but it can delay the outcome and I have a strict time table that needs to be followed closely to gain my intended outcome.
Now I realize that you were closing doors that you thought could implicate your family business, but that wasn’t MY plan… I would have taken care of things in a much more organized manner… one in which there would have been no evidence… if you would have spoke to me first before you dealt with it yourself...  but you had to take matters into your own hand… it was sloppy!
Fortunately I know it all... all the details. I’m following it closely while staying completely out of the reach of ANY investigations… but you need to get your house in order. Do whatever it takes to clean this up… I don’t like loose ends… once you take him out I want no more going out on your own… I’m working with you because of my past friendship with your father. If you can’t follow my directions and keep me informed of your plans, I can easily find someone else to work with. Do you understand?
Yes was all she said. Sophia knew exactly what he meant, and she also knew that he had the power to remove her completely if he got worried… remove her from this earth if he felt he need to… and THAT worried her…
He was a very careful about details. After the call he placed the voice synthesizer that he used to disguise his voice back in his jacket pocket. Opening the back of the phone, he removed the SIM card and snapped it in half. Quickly wiping off any fingerprints, he tossed the broken card and cell phone out the window of the limo briefly watching it bounce across the pavement as they sped along their way. He was an extremely careful man, and seemed to think of everything… he had been this way since he started his climb to power, and it had served him well. The only worry he had now was the concern that there might be wild cards hiding out there somewhere… but attention to detail was HIS edge over those wanting to take his power away… and he was sure he had covered all the bases he knew about… it was the unknowns that could cause problems, and that’s why he made it his business to know EVERYTHING! Only this time he HAD missed something… one of those unknowns… it had not gone on official records yet… only three people knew at this point and one of them was the judge who had signed the court order… it was a matter of timing.
…
The phone on Dave’s desk was ringing while Dave and Berry just keep standing there staring at each other… it had only been a half hour since they had left the Chief’s office and both were thinking the same thing… maybe something went wrong… it was too soon for him to have talked to the DA… maybe his meeting with the Mayor went badly and he was canceling his offer to help… they were both so wrapped up in things that could possibly go wrong with this case that neither of them were thinking very positively. When Dave finally picked up the phone he was anticipating bad news.
After a long pause a smile began to grow across Dave’s face. Berry exhaled a sigh of relief… he could tell it was GOOD news.
After a few more seconds of listening to the caller, Dave finally responded. We’ll be down to the Task Force office shortly… we can listen to the recording and you fill me in on the details then… he hung up the phone and turned to Berry… timing again… it appears that the task force just placed a legal wire tap on a suspected crime family boss, and they have just gotten a recording of a phone conversation that is very interesting…. want to have a listen?
…
The Joint Organized Crime Task Force Initiative was mandated and funded by a State Senate Bill 9027.43B that had been introduced by a lobby group made up of police chiefs and law enforcement officials within the state… and it had been endorsed by the Mayors of each city it was to be established in. The State Bureau of Investigation was tasked with building each city’s organization. Most of them were established in a location that appeared to be a business in order to keep a cover over the real activities going on within. The local task force was not much different. They had acquired a building near Warehouse Row. When Dave pulled up to the location Berry noticed that there were several cars in the parking lot, and there was a large sign above the door that said “Simmons Imports”.
Who’s Simmons? Berry smiled widely as he spoke to Dave.
There actually is a Simmons… he runs the front… in case anyone does actually come in to do business… it appears just like a import business… front counter, cash register… complete with a Mr. Simmons as the proprietor… he’s actually an SBI agent working with the task force…
Entering the building Berry followed Dave around the counter and through the door Dave had opened going to the back. The ceiling was much higher and it was much wider than the front. The area extended back at least a hundred fifty to two hundred feet.  As soon as he entered the main operations area, Berry made note of the recognized technology the task force had employed.  Around two walls to his left were situated a grouping of large screen and projection type displays. In the center of the room there were a number of rows of cubicles, each including at least two computers and several display screens.
The far end of the area housed a raised platform extending out from the wall about 25 feet. It ran from one wall completely to the other. The raised area was enclosed with glass walls extending to the ceiling in front and it contained various items of electronic surveillance and recording equipment that appeared to be controlled from a central panel. Berry noticed there were several rolling chars situated around the floor in glassed in area, but currently only one of them was occupied, and it’s user seemed to be focused on the control panel until he turned to see Dave and Berry crossing the room.
Berry continued to follow Dave over to the platform, up the steps, and through the plate glass door the occupant had opened for them. This is Benny… We call him Benny Goodman because he’s a real good man with all this stuff…
Johnson, Benny Johnson… he held out his hand toward Berry.
Berry was much into shaking hand but he responded in kind. I’m Berry…
Berry Sullivan, I know… I probably know more about you that you do yourself… it’s my job you know…
Berry’s look showed that he was very uncomfortable. He started to respond rather rebelliously when he was cut off.
Hey, I’m just kiddin… a little eaves-dropping humor… all I know about you is what I have read in the papers, and what Dave here has told me… nice to meet ya Berry. Benny’s huge honest smile showed that he really was just kidding.
Nice to meet you too Benny, I’ll be sure to be more careful what I say over the phone from now on. Berry’s smile showed he was attempting a little humor of his own.
I don’t have a wire tap on you that I know of… unless of course it’s under an alias… Benny’s smile returned the tort.
Dave interrupted their little banter. So what have you got Benny?
We just receive an ok for a wire tap and I had finished setting it up when I got a flag… there’s this algorithm that determines hits and using a percentage of key words that are run through an AI for voice recognition it then localizes the voice command words…
Berry probably understood every word you said, but for a computer illiterate person like me, you’re going to need to put it into everyday terms I can understand. Dave was a little annoyed.
OK, here’s the deal… my equipment caught a conversation between an unknown and someone we just obtained a legal wire tap for… it was sort of a fluke… don’t say anything, but I had already setup the tap, and was waiting on the order, when I decided to do some recording tests to make sure it was working ok.
Dave was getting anxious… bottom line?
Bottom line is that the equipment caught and flagged a conversation from the tap before I got the order, but after it had been signed by the judge… which makes it still legal and admissible… am I right?
I would say so… what’s the conversation about?
That’s why I called you… it has to do with the Loften murder, and since you’re the lead detective on that one, I thought you should hear it… it’s only audio you know… no video… that wasn’t in the order.
You know… I think it caught the conversation because there were a number of key words and phrases I programmed in specific to the organized crime figures in this area… might not have got it otherwise. Benny was fishing for a complement.
He got it… that’s great thinking Benny… the department will be sure to hear about this.
Berry joined in. That’s good computer thinking… I can see why they put you in charge of this area.
Benny smiled from ear to ear and spun around in his chair. Set down gentlemen, and have a listen… you’re gonna love this! ...
Although the recording wasn’t that long it contained a lot of information. Dave and Berry had exited the glass room and were sitting in the cubicles discussing the implication of what they had heard.
The first thing I need to do is alert the department that they are planning an attempt to take out Vinnie… we need him to break this and we can’t afford to let anything happen to him… I probably need to get back to the department and make sure he’s safe. This conversation certainly gives us a reason to bring Sophia Grendandino in for questioning, and if we can get her to talk, maybe we can get to the bottom of all this.
Berry was about to respond when he felt his cell phone vibrating in his jacket pocket. Taking it out he realized from the caller ID it was Dianne.
I need to take this call… hang on a second. It didn’t matter that they had just begun to discuss the recording… he had already decided a while back that he would not let his job get in the way for their relationship… Hi, what’s up?
Can you meet me for a late lunch? I am famished… so hungry I could eat a cow…
The conversation seems odd to Berry. They almost never met in the afternoons because that was usually her busiest time at the institute… and she usually didn’t eat very much… and a cow? She wasn’t a vegan… not even a vegetarian… but she usually did not eat red meat. Berry was somewhat careful with his response. Sure I can do that… say in a half hour?
That would be great… we can meet at our usual place… you know… see you soon.
He was almost certain something was wrong now… she didn’t give the name of the place they would meet, but instead called it their usual place… she had always referred to it as Gruderman’s Deli because she liked the old couple that ran the place… he was sure she was being evasive on purpose so as not to say too much over the phone…
Dave, I need to step out for a bit myself… it was Dianne… she wants to meet me in thirty minutes… she was being very evasive over the phone… like she didn’t want anyone to hear… it was sort of odd… maybe it has something to do with this case… I did ask her to check into a few things for me…
Dave looked up at Berry.
I know what you’re thinking but before you say it… no, she has no idea where this all goes… all she was doing was searching references… I didn’t tell her anything… but she’s a very smart lady… who know what she’s found out… maybe she just wants some advice on a class… either way I’ll be back to the department as soon as I talk to her and we can continue this then.
…
When he arrived she was already there sitting on the far side of the parking lot in her car waiting for him. She got out first and came over to his car. We’re going to talk while we are walking… look like this is just a normal conversation… and don’t ask any questions until I am done…. This is IMPORTANT… now smile and act normal no matter what I say… because like you usually say, just because you’re paranoid, it doesn’t mean someone isn’t out to get you… I have stumbled across some information that really scares me…
Berry tried to look normal and attempted a smile occasionally as Dianne told him what she had found out about the major donation to the institute that saved them… that it had actually came from a special think tank group that was run by a holding company with ties to someone who was very powerful. She told him how she suspected that a liaison based in the institute who was placed there by the think tank was actually working for the holding company and was put there as a spy to discover information. But it was when she mentioned a name that Berry almost chocked trying to keep from looking surprised.
Have you ever heard of a man named Agustus Rensillere?
Berry was quick to respond. Holding his hand to the side of his head and appearing to scratch his cheek, he covered his mouth from prying eyes. Don’t say another word… just knowing that name could put you in jeopardy… we need to talk in private… be careful what you say… there are people who read lips… we need to go back to my car and go though the take out before we go for a little ride. If we stay calm and look casual it will appear like we just changed our minds and decided to get carry out…
The look on Dianne’s face was almost expressionless… she just stood still and stared at him for a second… then she spoke through closed lips as if she was a ventriloquist… you surh is saheh ta tauk in yer cah?
Don’t worry… my car isn’t bugged… you’re looking at the king of electronic devices… I always check it regularly… especially lately…and yes having paranoia doesn’t mean you’re not being watched… oh… and by the way… nice ventriloquist act.
He smiled as they turned to go back to his car… odd he was thinking about his little joke’s timing right at the moment… he shouldn’t be thinking about jokes with the seriousness of the situation… he made a mental note that Muffin’s influence was beginning to rub off on him… at first he decided he should recheck him thinking… then he changed his mind… for the first time he realized why Muffin always looked at the humorous side… it was a good way to relieve the tension… maybe Muffin had the right idea after all!
…
While Berry was meeting with Dianne, Dave was busy following up on the recorded phone call they had listened to. He had asked Benny to trace the other end of the call and analyze the recording for anything that stood out like background noise of something of the sort. Dave was being careful and trying to cover all the details… it was getting to be almost more than he could handle in his mind… there were so many details to this case… so many factions involved… it was hard to imagine the entire scope of it all… it reminded him of some thriller novel that was currently pushing to the top of the best seller list… it had all the trappings of a mystery written to keep the reader on the edge of their seat… only this one was real life… and it involved real people’s lives…
He had picked up something to eat on his way back to the office and had almost finished pounding it down when the Chief walked through the door. Word is you have a recorded conversation that indicates they want to kill Balboa to keep him from talking… sounds like he might have something important to say after all…
He tossed a folder on Dave’s desk…. I believe this is what you were wanting… it’s a little more than even I expected… I think the Mayor put some pressure on him… it looks like the DA’s a politician too.
Thanks Chief …
Don’t thank me… just get the information from Balboa, put it all together, and make sure you have a case that will put the crime families out of business for good… that’s what we’re here for.
As the chief left the office Dave couldn’t help thinking that Berry was right… Chief Dobbin wasn’t such a bad guy after all… he just wanted to see the city cleaned up like every other law abiding citizen… only he was in a position to do something about it and he wanted results. Dave was resolved to give them to him…
…

CHAPTER 26
After getting their order from the drive up window, Berry headed towards the park. He figured he could park his car under the trees along the parkway and they could eat while discussing the situation without being observed too closely. Berry told Dianne what he had discovered about the power broker, his plan to move college sports to a semi-armature/semi-pro status league, the gambling aspect, and all the high level political angles… he was careful to leave out his sources but he pretty much gave her most of what he knew… he figured since she was already involved to a level that could endanger her life she had the right to know all the truth… at least as much of it as he knew about himself.
When he had finished his briefing, Dianne turned to him with a look of a loving friend. You need to be careful too Berry… if he’s gone to all this trouble to keep an eye on the Law Enforcement Institute, he probably has people in the department… how many people know all you’ve told me?
Besides Dave and me… and now you… that makes only the three of us that have all the facts as far as we know them… we haven’t even told the Chief about the power broker angle and all the politics involved.
You may still be out of the radar scope on this one Berry… my suspensions were first aroused when I discovered that the think tank liaison had requested a copy of our records on all the law enforcement officials who are involved in our programs and all the paid staff working for the institute.  And that’s when I realized that you name was never given to him… although your help has been invaluable, you are not a paid staff member and don’t have an official position at the institute… so the information the liaison received never mentions you as being involved… that could be a plus for you… you still have the element of surprise going for you.
Well, there are a couple of things that could have put me on the radar beside my involvement with the institute… he was thinking not only about his involvement in the department but about his friendship with Muffin and Muffin’s sources… but Muffin was always careful not to involve Berry in that part of it so maybe he was still off the screen.
Either way we need to proceed very cautiously and try not to get too emotional about all this… we need to keep a level head and give a show to anyone who might be watching… we want to tell them that nothing is wrong and we are just going about our normal business as usual… if we arouse any suspensions, it could be bad for both of us… oh and don’t mention any of this to ANYONE no matter how much you trust them… I want to keep this close… I still don’t know who we can trust… better to trust no one than trust the wrong person and… well you know what I mean. He avoided being graphic so as not to disturb her more than he felt was necessary… he wanted her to feel safe.
When they returned to the deli lot where she had parked he pulled into the empty space next to her car. I’ll keep an eye on things and see what I can find out about this liaison… I’m right here if you need me… don’t hesitate to call if you get spooked… I’ve got your back side… she smiled a big grin and winked at him…
I didn’t mean it THAT way… well maybe I did … either way you know what I mean… he winked back. He felt it was better to keep a light note on the situation in order to help her feel more comfortable and not worry too much.
She planted a kiss on his cheek and got out … she smiled back at him… somehow she DID feel safer knowing Berry was watching out for her.
…
Dave was just about to call Berry when he walked through the door of Dave’s office. There’s been a development you need to know about.
There’s been a couple of developments here at the department too… but you go first.
Berry closed the door before speaking. It seems that our power broker has infiltrated the Law Enforcement Institute… Dianne has come up with some information that indicated he has people in place there to keep an eye on things… and maybe here in the department too…
You need to know that after she told me about what she had found out, I filled her in on most all of the details… I felt she needed to know so she could steer a solid course and keep from gaining too much attention… I didn’t want her to get involved, but she is already, and I don’t want her to get hurt Dave…
So now that she knows that only make the three of us who have most all the pieces… it looks like it’s a good thing we have keep some of these detail to ourselves…there are people working for whoever is behind this whole mess and it could get back to them… if too many people found out what we know… that could put a number of people’s lives in danger… Dave nodded telling Berry he understood his motive for telling Dianne what they knew.
So what have you got Dave?
The bad news first… what I have is that it appears this guy IS a magician… the cell phone traced back to what they call a throw away… a pay as you go type… and it looks like the purchaser’s information is bogus… the address went to a location that would be the center of the coliseum parking lot… if there actually were houses still there… my guess is that all the rest of the info including the name is also fictitious… and although we could determine which cell tower the call was being transmitted from, that only limits it to a five or six mile radius of the tower… he could have been just passing by at the time…
In addition to all that, Benny did an analysis on the voice… bad news there too… looks as if the caller was using some kind of synthesizer to disguise his voice… Benny said that the voice’s wave form was electronically produced… something about the peaks being clipped… I didn’t understand it all but suffice to say it looks like a dead end as far as tracing the phone’s user or the exact call location at this point.
The good news is that we have our deal in writing from the DA…. You’re not gonna believe this but he is offering Vincent Balboa immunity from the murder of Charles Loften and his involvement with the organized crime families in exchange for information he can give us that will bring a conviction of Sophia Grendandino, the supposed current crime family boss… along with her counter parts… and put an end to her bid to reconstitute the crime families and their businesses.
Total immunity?
I know… that’s not fair, but we need his information, and it could put an end to all this mess…we do have a trump card to play… seems the DA has been in conference with the FBI and they are willing to provide witness protection and relocation if Vinnie’s info leads to the conviction of major figures they are interested in. I’m willing to deal with it if you are.
Berry could feel his sense of justice slipping a little… deep down inside he want to see Vinnie punished, but his misgivings about the prison system told him otherwise… I guess if it puts an end to all this mayhem then I’m for it.
Good, we have a little time… about an hour… before the FBI arrives to take custody… that’s what the chief was talking to FBI officials about… he didn’t want to give up custody but had to… so he bought us some time to talk to Vinnie first… let’s go question the suspect… by the way, I asked Benny set up the recording equipment for our session… he’s gonna use a voice analyzer and several special pieces of equipment he has during the session… I figured we couldn’t be too prepared… anything we can get will need to be recorded since we only get one chance… after that he’s off with the Feds.
Berry followed Dave down the hall to the small interrogation room… finally they believed that they had their chance to break the case wide open, and they were both eager to hear what Vinnie was going to tell them…
…
This time both Dave and Berry sat opposite Vinnie across the table… no good cop bad cop act for them… no pressure treatment… no special tactics… just a simple question and answer period… and a hope that something Vinnie was going to tell them would give them what they needed.
Dave slid a folder across the table to Vinnie. Here’s what you wanted Vinnie. The DA has agreed not to change you in your involvement… IF you can tell us things that we need to know to press charges…so it really depends on you Vinnie… and how far you are willing to go to give us what we need to prosecute those responsible.
Vinnie opened the folder and held his hand up as if to say no more talking until he had scanned through the contents. After he had been reading several of the pages for a few minutes, he looked up at them… ya know, I’ve been thinking about this, and I’m not sure if I want to say anything after all… I’d like to go on living if you know what I mean… I’m not saying I know anything… but if I did, then I would probably be worried about what could happen to me if I talked to the cops… there could be some people with a lot of connections that wouldn’t be happy… the kind that can get to you and make sure you never say anything again… if you get my drift.
Berry spoke up. Look Vinnie, we already know there are some very powerful people involved in this, and we want to protect you from any retribution they might want to take on you… the fact is we have information that indicates there are people planning to shut you up even now. The word is they really don’t care what you plan to do… you’re a threat, and they are going to remove that threat no matter what you say…
Ya ain’t gonna scare me into saying anything… I’ve been threatened a lot before… and I’m still here ain’t I?
Would you like to hear the phone recording we have… bet you’ll recognize Sophia Grendandino’s voice… it’s kind of distinctive you know… she was telling the caller that she would take care of killing you… and removing you as a threat from the situation… even being a long time member of the family, she seemed to have no regrets about having you killed… guess she doesn’t trust you Vinnie…
Vinnie looked up from the pages he had been studying. His face was somber… he was looking off in the distance as if someone was standing behind Dave and Berry. You could almost hear the cogs turning in his head… for the first time in all his crime laden years he realized that all his time… all his loyalty… all the work he had done form them… it had meant nothing… he was truly on his own.
Berry broke the silence. If you look at the pages toward the back you will see that along with immunity we are willing to put you into witness protection… along with any members of your immediate family.
Vinnie spoke slowly this time… missing the cockiness and self confidence he usually displayed. I ain’t got no immediate family… I never got married or had any kids… my family is THE family…
Well it looks as if THE family is getting ready to disown you permanently Vinnie and we can keep them from getting to you… but you need to give us ALL the details of what you know, seen, heard… everything stored away in that head of yours… if you do that we can take down the entire group and the power players with them… it could put this whole thing on an entirely different level… with the people behind this out of the way… you could breathe a lot easier.
Vinnie looked over at Berry and then back Dave… the witness protection thing? I’ve heard of a few rats that disappeared that way… but I ain’t no rat!
Of course you’re not Vinnie… you’re just a citizen that wants to see the streets cleaned up for other honest citizens… that’s an honorable goal… what you are doing is helping to make this country safe… I’d say that wasn’t being a rat. Dave’s words were calculated to make Vinnie feel better about giving them evidence that would put the people he had worked for most of his life behind bars. He was hoping Vinnie would recognize the real bind he was in and follow the only real way out of it he had.
I never thought it would come to this… all I’ve ever known since I was a kid was the family… things have changed… if the old man were still alive things would be different… tell the people recording this to pay close attention… I ain’t going through this twice…
There was no need for questions and answers… it was Vinnie all alone that provided all the details they had been wondering about. He started with the small stuff and worked his way up to the details on what he knew about a plot for the family to control organized gambling on amateur sports… after about a half hour he finally reach the point where he mentioned the real “boss”.
There’s this guy that’s the real power behind the family and most of Mrs. G’s plans… I never met the guy, but they call him the Magician… he contacts her when he wants her to do something for him… she’s usually the person pretty much in control of the family business, but I heard Mrs. G takes directions from him because he’s the person giving her the money to revive the family business…
Dave was getting anxious. Has she ever met with him in person? Does she know who he is and what he looks like?
I believe she has met him once or twice… they say he was a close friend of Mrs. G’s father… been involved with the family for a long time… rumor is he was behind the old man’s rise to the head of the family and helped him take control over all the business in this area… a real big spender with high power connections to match… also heard he was behind the hit on Senator Parks…
Dave turned to Berry… they both had a look surprise that gave away their thoughts… Dave turned back to Vinnie... you sayin that you know for sure the accident that killed Senator Park was actually a contract hit?
Like YOU guys didn’t know about that…
We had our suspicions… we are aware that there was a big power person behind all this… we just weren’t sure about the political implications… what can you tell us about this guy?
I thought you knew everything about this deal… well I can’t say I know about it personally… like most of the other stuff I told ya… it’s just something I heard… I heard that the big guy contacted an outside professional to do the job… that’s why it looked like an accident… hear he is one of the best… goes by the Doctor… hires out for big money… they say he’s completed over 75 contracts… and all of them were done to look like accidents.
Personally, I don’t know either of them… especially the big guy… you’d have to talk with Mrs. G about that… she’s the only one I know that actually met him… not sure she knows the pro though… she might have used him in the past, but as far as I know, she tends to stay within the family when she needs some special business like that taken care of.
Well, Vinnie, it appears that you have given us enough to bring Mrs. Grendandino in and ask her what she knows herself. Dave smiled feeling he had gotten what he wanted from Vinnie… maybe now they could get to the bottom of the entire case.
Berry wasn’t smiling, but inside he felt a certain satisfaction that he was getting all the information he needed to resolve his work for Gruter at the university and at the same time he was getting to the bottom of several other things that had been on his to do list.
They were all three a little surprised with the interrogation room door abruptly swung open…
…

CHAPTER 27
Senator Taylor returned to his home and the chauffeur dropped him off at the main front entrance opening the car door for him. He walked in through the huge leaded glass doors and shutting them behind him started down the long hallway towards the back when he stopped. He could hear his wife’s voice coming from behind the closed doors of the study to his right. He couldn’t hear what she was saying but he could tell by the now familiar tone of her voice that she was upset. He figured she had one of the house servants with her and was giving them a scolding for something. When he opened the study door and stepped inside, it startled her and she looked up to meet his inquisitive eyes. He quickly discovered that there wasn’t another person in the room… but she was talking on her cell phone instead.
I’ve got to go… John’s home… I’ll talk to you later and we can discuss this further…she quickly ended the call and started towards he husband. An old college friend… wants me to help with a project… what she told him WAS true… they had worked in academic circles years ago, and there was a project she was assisting with… she just had not told him all of the truth…
That’s one of the things I like about you. You’re always involved in some project or another… you could stay home and live a life of ease if you really wanted to, but you choose to share your talents with others… you’re the kind of person this country was built by… one person helping the other… building barns… clearing fields…
That’s very good John, but you can save your speeches for the voters… you already have my vote. She smiled at him and winked one eye.
But I’m thinking that you may be busy enough in a little while… not just little projects, but national programs… and maybe… you will be THE Lady. Things are happening that are putting me into a top political position… it’s happening very quickly… almost like it was destined to be… isn’t that great… looks like the people really want me… makes me feel a little humble… anyway, there’s plenty for you to do if you want to… but like I’ve always said since I started in politics, if you don’t want to be involved, that your choice… you have the right to live your own life and just because I chose politics it doesn’t mean you have to follow me… you can make your own lead if you want.
I know John, I have always known you were willing to let me go my own direction… but I choose to go with you. The fact was she not only chose to go with politics, she lead her husband in that direction in the first place with help from her old friend and she did it without Jonathan even knowing… she had an ambition… she wanted a position of power without all the public responsibility… it was something she had learned from her mentor… he would say that invisible power is the best kind and that the world won’t know you’re powerful if you use your power carefully.
…
Lee reached down to hold his side… STOP it Roger… you’re making me laugh… and it hurts when I laugh… he was talking rather slowly and with a slight slur.
Muffin roared a huge guffaw… I thought you’d get a kick outta that story… I’m just glad you’re feeling better Lee… but to be honest, I do want to ask you a couple of questions about what happened… you feel up to talkin?
Lee sighed… I really don’t remember a whole lot about it Roger… it happened… so quickly.
Do you remember what type of car it was and the color?
I’m not really sure… like I said, it happened real fast… I do remember that it was a small car… not one of those big SUV types… that would have done me in… for sure… I believe it was light colored… maybe a mid shade of beige… a lot like my den walls… only not as rich…
Did you get a look at the guy that was drivin?
It wasn’t a guy Roger… That I know for sure... Just before the car hit me… I turned just in time to see a women… behind the wheel… funny what you think… at times like that… I remember thinking that my luck it was a female… not some good looking guy I could hit on using sympathy… if I lived through it…
A WOMAN! … Muffin mused out loud… that sort of fits in with what Berry told me about a suspicious nurse he thought that seemed familiar to him…Yer sayin that the driver of the car that ran you down was a woman and not a man?
That’s what I said… what nurse? … HERE? … you think it was the same woman that was driving the car that hit me?
No… well, I’m not sure… I just want to get as much as you can tell me. Is that all you know for sure?
Pretty much Roger… a lot of it is still real hazy… maybe more will come back to me later… I don’t know… but I’ve told you everything I can remember for now.
Listen Lee, I need to make a phone call and take care of some business. I’ll be back later to check in on you… in the mean time, enjoy the bedside service… Muffin’s smile ran from one ear to the other… these’s a guard outside keeping an eye on things so you should be safe enough… I’ll see you a little later.
Ok Roger… I’m a little tired anyway… I think I’ll get some rest while you’re gone… Roger left with Lee drifting off to sleep.
…
While Vinnie and Berry turned to see who had opened the door, Dave’s head jerked towards the door as if he was expecting trouble… he was still concerned that there might be someone within the department working for the other side… someone maybe even contracted to kill Vinnie… he almost leaped to his feet and reached for the weapon that was usually on his right side... the look in his eyes said he was ready for any action the situation required. He was glad he had resisted the urge to jump up… what the three of them say in the doorway was Chief Dobbin standing in front of two men in dark suits… it was suddenly obvious to all three of them that the FBI had come to take custody of Vinnie.
We’ve been watching the session… we have a complete video… and we are giving the FBI a copy … I’ve already sent a team to bring Sophia Grendandino in for questioning… Agents Clemmons and Robinson are here to take custody of Mr. Balboa… they want to get the process started… the Chief stepped to one side and one of the agents stepped forward.
Mr. Balboa will be under our protection until the Grand Jury convenes to review the evidence. After the trial process is complete he will be put into the Witness Protection Program… We’d like to get the process started immediately… you can come with us Mr. Balboa.
As if on cue, the second agent came forward, walked over to where Vinnie was seated, and gestured for Vinnie to get up and go with them. Vinnie rose slowly and began to cross the room with the two agents… he paused and turned back towards Dave and Berry… ya know, like I told ya, I never got a break from the cops… you’ve been stand up guys… thanks. Vinnie then continued on out the door and down the hall with the two agents, leaving the Chief standing next to the door.
The Chief stepped inside and closed the door behind him… he walked over to Berry, leaned over, and spoke softly in his ear… Mr. Sullivan, I understand you are quite the electronic expert… do you know how to disconnect the recording camera above the door? Berry just nodded getting the idea that the Chief didn’t want anyone to know what he was saying. The chief smiled slightly and nodded back indicating that he wanted Berry to him to do it.
Berry got up, picked up his chair, and walked over to the door carrying the chair. Berry put the chair in front of the door and stood on it reaching up towards the camera… after a few second Berry got off the chair, carried it back to where he had been, and sat down… OK, I’ve disconnected the feed and power source… unless there are other recording devices, we should be free to talk now without being recorded.
Chief Dobbins sat down in the chair where Vinnie had been sitting. You two have been holding out on me.
Dave was the first to speak… holding out on you? We’ve told you everything we know for sure.
You didn’t tell me about The Magician being involved!
Dave looked over at Berry and the two of them we taken totally by surprise by what the Chief had said… and both their expressions showed it… but Berry was probably the most surprised and without thinking he spoke his thoughts out loud.
Now I see why you had me disconnect the camera… I’ve discovered that just the mention of this guy’s name makes people anxious… I have to be honest Chief… we weren’t… I wasn’t… I wasn’t sure how deep it went… and I… I didn’t know how much to say… until I was more sure of the situation. Berry was trying to be diplomatic and avoid directly saying that he wasn’t sure he could trust the Chief.
The Chief got right to the point… I wasn’t sure that I could trust you either. You have some rather shady figures in your background…
Ok Chief Dobbins, I get your point… but it was one of those shady figures that told me about him… that he’s… it appears that he’s behind all this stuff we’ve been investigating… my source told me the stakes are a lot higher than organized crime involvement and gambling money… while it appears that he’s behind a move to get rid of college level competition sports … so he can setup amateur leagues that can host sanctioned gambling… it all ties to politics and a bid to control… well, it appears his ultimate goal is to control Presidential politics… that’s scary stuff and… well… I’m still not sure if there is any real evidence tying it all together.
Chief Dobbin looked directly at Berry cracked a smile of sorts. I’ve been dealing with this guy throughout my career. We’ve had run-ins a number of times and he always comes out clean… with no usable ties to anything illegal… he works behind the scenes and is real careful… I’ve never been able to get anything solid… maybe this time will be different…
I have a couple of things I have found out on my own… I have not been single minded in my career… I’ve made a few powerful friends of my own… people who have proved to me over the years that I can trust them … so I made a few inquiries and some of what I found out me might be helpful… especially since the Grendandino family is involved… He turned to Dave as if speaking now directly to him.
Agustus Rensillere was a close friend with Sophia Grendandino’s father… he backed her father’s family business financially and used his relationship with the family as a means to get things done that were less than legal, but kept him legally out of the actual activities… he could get his plans carried out without getting his hand dirty. I have little doubt that he’s behind the move to restore the Grendandino family business… it could serve him well right now… especially if puppet control of the White house is his real goal… you need to get Sophia to incriminate him… I’m putting you two in charge of questioning her… since we have her on the Loften murder from the Vincent Balboa’s testimony I want you to press her on this… The Chief then leaned back in the chair and looked off in the distance before continuing.
There’s one other detail that might be helpful… seems that Sophia has two sisters. They were all fairly young when they’re father was killed.  The oldest, 18 at the time, left the family just before he died… seems she discovered the truth behind her father’s actually family business, and they had a huge falling out. She left, changed her last name, and went out on her own… her name is Maria… goes by Marie Burton now and heads an organization dedicated to anti-violence… specifically in the sports field… she took it hard when her son died playing football in school… I guess that, along with knowing her father employed violence in his business, put her on a path to what’s she is involved in now.
Sophia was the youngest at 15 when her father was killed. She stayed with the family and was taken care and raised by her uncle, who assumed a lesser role in the family business after her father’s two associates took over. I believe that Rensillere is behind her quest to restore the old family business back into power… he needs her side of it to stay clean and keep from getting tied directly to any of his plans… just like when he rose to a position of powers using her father’s organization.
The other sister, Isabella, who was 16 when her father died, was spirited away by distant relatives in another state and it’s said she began concentrating on academic studies. It was rather mysterious… she sort of disappeared. There’s no record of who those relatives were… or of where she was living much after that. I’ve checked all my sources and from what I have learned there may be no one alive that knows where she is now… that could be a loose cannon… you need to find out anything you can about her.
OK, that’s about it. I don’t want anything we have discussed here to leave this room… just the three of us need to know about all of this for now… I am putting a lot of trust in you two and I hope I’m not wrong about that… from now on all information is to be kept between us until I say different… is that understood?
Berry had no problem with that and Dave was more than willing to cooperate with the Chief… words weren’t necessary… they understood very well… they both responded that they understood him completely by nodding their heads.
The Chief got up and began heading to the door when he then turned to Berry. While we’re being honest with each other, I have to admit that except for this room, I’m not sure it’s safe to talk in the department. The only recording device in here is that camera… and since it appears you trust him, I am having Benjiman Johnson check the room regularly for concealed devices…he turned to continue his exit. When you have something you need to tell me, Lt. Lutz can contact me and we can discuss it here. As he left the room he closed the door behind him.
Berry was deep in thought. He was mentally arranging all the information the Chief had given them and was thinking he needed his computer systems to put it all together in a way he could organize it all… into the big picture puzzle he had putting together in his head. He wanted to see how much of the picture was still missing. I’ve got to go back to my office for a little while… I need to access my computer systems to go over this information in detail… once they bring in Sophia it will probably take an hour or so to process the arrest… I can head back this way when you are ready to start questioning her… that ok with you?
No problem, I have things I need to take care of here… I’ll call you when she arrives. Berry carried his chair over to the door and reconnected the camera before they both left the room…

CHAPTER 28
Berry was in his element. Several computer screens scrolling information, his hands typing and clicking, the TV blaring, and his mind in total control of it all. He was sure had enough information now to run it all through his “special” program…and maybe see the entire picture emerge. The program was one he had written himself. He had included several special algorithms to analyze information on people, organizations, situations, scenarios, politics, and other factors that Berry thought might be significant. The goal was to discover possible relationships and connections. The end result was not only a listing of all possible connections between the various individual pieces of information but also a flow chart that outlined all the possible relationships that existed in all the information. It seemed rather ironic to him now. He had actually started his “special” program when he was a computer analyst working for a company that crunched college sports statistics.
Originally he had the idea at that time that relational statistics may contain the key to reading possible real-life scenario outcomes. He figured that given enough information, and specific algorithms built to provide possible statistical outcomes of situations factored into the informational data, possible real-life outcomes could be predicted within a certain probability. The whole idea was mostly Greek to most people… it simply meant that if he could input enough information, it could help find the links and provide possible relationships between the players and their actions in a case.
Along with his program’s output, he could then use all the information he had to predict the possible outcomes... to help identify the good guys and the bad guys in a case… kind of like a western… you always knew the good guys in a western… they always wore white hats… and the bud guys always wore black ones… organizing general groups together… it was just another way that his mind worked… it’s what made his program so much more valuable than just another statistical analysis processer… it helped him identify the player’s positions in a case… it gave him an edge.
As usual, it sort of annoyed him when the phone rang… as his mind snapped back from cyberspace he realized that it might be Dave… calling to say he was ready to question Sophia… he picked up the phone. Sullivan Investigations…
Hey Bear… what’s up?
Hey Muffin… I’m working on some leads… what ya need? Berry was a little short. He wanted to get back to his cyber world.
Heard ya got a new partner… word is you’re on the department payroll. Had to find it out for myself… when were ya gonna tell me?
Hey, it’s a good thing… where you at Muffin?
Close… ya want me to drop by?
Yep, that would be best… see you in a few. Berry was quick to end the conversation. It wasn’t that he wanted to get back to his computers this time. He didn’t want to say too much over the phone, and Muffin knew it too. It would be best for both if they talked face to face.
…
Dave rustled through the folders on his desk. His attention really wasn’t on the information they contained, but on all the information he had heard from the Chief. He was sorting through it all in his own way. The Chief knew about Mr. big… and a lot more than Dave had figured… it looked like the Chief was a good guy and trying to help Dave get a handle on something he had stepped into… something that put the situation probably over his head… the Chief knew that too… Dave figured that was why he was getting involved personally. It gave Dave a boost to feel that that Chief trusted him… it made him feel important.
Dave picked up the phone to call Benny the department’s techno geek… he wanted to make sure that the room they had discussed all this in was actually clean… he was beginning to get more paranoid… but he had good reason.
Benny… it’s Dave Lutz… I need a favor… this may sound like a strange request, but can you tell me if the primary interrogation room is free from listening and recording devices … except for the one above the door?
Yes… he did? Can you tell me when that was? This morning? Before or after our session with Vinnie? Before huh? Eveyday? Ok, thanks.
Yeaw, a little paranoid… just wanted to make sure we didn’t have any outside listeners… you know… security… as you know, some people want to silence Vinnie, and I just wanted to make sure things were in order… guess the Chief already took care of that…  no problem… thanks.
Dave had been evasive with Benny… even though he trusted him he didn’t want to raise any suspicions… after all, he HAD promised the Chief he would keep things on the down low… he was just being careful. But he had found out that the Chief had actually asked Benny to check the room before his session with Vinnie… which meant it was clean when they had their private discussion in there with the Chief.
…
When Muffin came through the door and crossed the room he found Berry where he always seemed to find him… engrossed in his computers. Muffin referenced his favorite subject. Man, do you have some sort of feeding tube going to that place? You must live in that chair!
There are times that I do live here Muffin… times like these… got a lot to tell you… give me a minute… I need to get something else in before I let it go do its thing. Berry continued typing.
Muffin rolled up another chair and settled his huge frame in it waiting for Berry to finish… Comfortable chair Berry… even for a big guy like me… nice.
Berry finished his typing and swung his chair around to face Muffin. Glad you like it… wasn’t cheap… all of these were expensive, but I figured that I spend so much time in one or another of them that I might as well be comfortable.
Listen Muffin, I was told not to tell anyone else, but since you are already pretty deeply involved…well, I figure you have a right to know… but you really have to promise me you will keep everything I say to yourself… I really mean it… it could mean protecting people’s lives… including your own… I’m not being melodramatic… as you already know, this thing goes deep and involves a lot of powerful people…
You don’t have to tell me that… already dealt with people I would rather have left alone… might as well know it all.
I still don’t know it ALL Muffin, but I’ll tell you what I do know. Berry spoke in low tones…not that he was worried there were any bugs recording their conversation in his place… he checked for that regularly… he was trying to be reserved so it didn’t appear that he was anxious about it all… he wanted to show Muffin he was still confident while being careful.
For the first time since Berry could remember Muffin said nothing until he had finished… other than nodding his head or shaking it from side to side occasionally to show he was listening intently. There was a long pause before either spoke again. Muffin was the first to speak up.
That’s a lot to digest… there’s a lot to tie together.
That’s why I think that working with the department can help. I know you’re not too keen on that idea… but their forensics lab has already been a great help, and Dave Lutz has resources in the department that can help us a lot.
I don’t have any problem with getting help… it’s cops I don’t really trust… but I can deal with it if I don’t have to deal with it… if you know what I mean. Roger had run-ins with the department from time to time and didn’t trust most cops. I’ve known some that were pretty dirty… and most I’ve met don’t really know what is going on out there… I do.
Listen Bear, I have sources they don’t … you want me to look into the lost sister for ya?
I’m not sure you’ll find anything… if the Chief couldn’t… Muffin cut Berry off.
I don’t have to be careful about who I talk to, as you already know, so I might be able to get information the Chief couldn’t. Like I said, there are people I would rather NOT deal with, but if I need to I’ll talk to the Devil is it will save an innocent life… I’m not afraid to get my hands dirty Bear!
Berry was quick to respond. I Know that Muffin… that why you’re my partner…
Partner? … ya sayin I’m your partner?
You’ve always been my partner Muffin… and for once, with the income from this case, I can even pay you… when we get it resolved … once it’s behind us… I believe I can afford to pay both of us!
Muffin roared a hearty laugh… no more peanuts huh? They both laughed out loud… Berry liked the feeling of joy Muffin gave him just from being around.
While Muffin headed out to gather some special information he was so famous for, Berry headed back to the department. Even though Dave had not called yet, Berry figured he would probably be almost right on time for the questioning session. His information analysis would be waiting when he got back… it would be a good start even though he would probably need to add information and run it again after questioning Sophia Grendandino. He was feeling a little satisfied… he always felt this way when he was getting all the pieces in place… he was close to finding all the ends to tie together… he WAS feeling more confident as he drove toward the next step in this investigation. He was pretty sure he could get a better grasp on it all once his informational analysis program spit out all its specially designed results.
He was turning the corner on Tenth street when his phone rang again…he punched the hands-free button… Berry, Dave… we have Sophia processed and in the interrogation room… how long before you can get here?
I’m on my way already… be there in a few minutes.
OK, meet me in my office when you get here and we can go down there together… Dave hung up the phone.
…
When they entered the room Berry stood at the back again and looked on while Dave immediately sat down opposite Sophia Grendandino and her attorney. In the interim, during her processing, her family lawyer arrived and insisted on his right to be present as her legal counsel… it was going to make it a little tougher to get information from her, but with Vinnie’s recorded testimony, they had an ace they could literally play for her if they needed to. Dave had arranged for a video screen to be positioned along the back wall ready to play back the part of Vinnie’s testimony that implicated Sophia.
Mrs. Grendandino, are you familiar with a man named Charles Loften?
Her lawyer answered for her. Mrs. Grendandino has no affiliations with or no knowledge of a man named Charles Loften.
I WAS TALKING TO HER!
Dave raised his voice for the first time Berry ever heard in this duel venture, which surprised not only the suspect and her lawyer but also took Berry by surprise… he had been watching Mrs. Grendandino when Berry suddenly looked over to see Dave getting out of his seat.
HOW would you know if she knew him unless you had already discussed it between you two before we brought her in? … and if you discussed it… HOW did you know about him? It wasn’t on the warrant… all that was ever said is that she was wanted for questioning about possible associations with organized crime activities… you jumped the gun hotshot…
Berry was impressed at Dave line of reasoning… he could see the wheels turning in the attorney’s brain… he was asking himself if he had actually incriminated his client… Berry took advantage of the situation.
There were only a very few who knew about the possible connection with the Loften murder and your client… my guess is that when you found out that we had Vincent Balboa in custody, and that he might talk… being the actual killer you hired… you got together to discuss the possible problems your client might face if he did talk… problem is if we didn’t tell anyone… Berry turned to Dave. We didn’t tell anyone did we Dave?
Dave quickly responded. No we didn’t tell anyone Berry.
Berry continued… then the only way you could have known about Loften was if your client was already involved in the first place… how’m I doing so far Dave?
Sounds like you’re hitting the nail on the head Berry… with both of them working together they weren’t giving her attorney any time to think and respond… Dave decided to go for the throat…
But your big problem is that we have a conversation… recorded with knowledge and consent… implicating your client for a contract hit… a contract to kill Charles Loften… but what really ties it up is that the testimony is from the person who was contracted to carry out the hit on Loften… we have your client dead to rights on this one… with his testimony… and your unintentional implication of your client I believe we have all we need… Dave stopped at this point. He wasn’t really sure if the attorney had actually legally implicated his client, but he wanted to give the attorney a chance to respond. He felt they had pushed it enough… enough maybe that she was ready to give them something back.
The lawyer leaned over to his client and whispered in her ear. She leaned back to him and whispered back. This went on for a few minutes after which the attorney finally leaned back in his chair and she sat back straight in hers.
Her attorney motioned toward the large screen situated against the wall. We are assuming that the screen here facing us was set up to play back the video of the testimony implicating my client for the contract killing of Charles Loften… that will not be necessary. My client would like to have a private conversation about some possible arrangements favoring her lack of involvement in exchange for her cooperation and information.
Both Dave and Berry were not ready for what they had heard. Although they had been pushing hard, they had not expected to gain so much ground so quickly. It took a few seconds for either of them to take it in and construct a reply. Berry looked at Dave as if to say I’m just a consultant and the ball is in your court…
Dave turned back and finally responded. So what you’re saying is that you’d like to make a deal in exchange for information… what kind of information?
It was Sophia that responded this time. I know a lot of things. I know a lot of big time players. I know a lot about what’s really going on… her attorney interrupted her.
What we’re saying is that in exchange for immunity, my client is willing to discuss what she knows about not just the organized crime business, but also about other things that could lead to bigger players. Are you willing to make a deal?
Dave looked directly at Sophia. If you can really give me something I can use… something that is really valuable in all this… then we can probably work something out…but I’m sure you know I will need to run this through channels… Dave looked up at the camera above the door… I will talk to the people responsible for making those arrangements and let you know as soon as I can… Dave looked back at Berry… in the mean time Berry… can you see if you can get them something to snack on and drink… you two want anything?
Sophia replied again this time. Only the deal.
Berry left the room with Dave leaving Sophia and her family attorney alone to contemplate what they were willing to divulge… they both knew it could be dangerous, but Sophia could not deal with the possibility of serving time. She had always been taken care of… she was custom to a good life… she was sure that prison would kill her … or at the least kill her spirit… and she refused to allow that to happen not matter what it was going to take.
…

CHAPTER 29
Agustus was a little worried for the first time in his climb up the ladder of power. Some things were getting out of his control, and he didn’t like not being in control. When he phoned the Doctor, he was almost desperate to get control back. I need your help Doctor… just one more time… it is sort of a rush job.
I told you both before and after that last job I was retired… besides you know I don’t do rush jobs… I need time to set things up… time to study it before I move… That is what makes me a professional.
I know that… but if we don’t take care of this one now we could both lose our business ventures.
That’s why I retired… there’s a lot more at stake now these day… with the political situation I’m getting much closer to my lifelong ambitions… it was time to call it quits… I’ve already ended the business venture with my expertise in resolving difficult situations.
I’m not talking about losing the business of your expertise in resolving difficult situations… you could lose out on your lifelong ambitions… this involves all of it. We need to talk… can you meet me at the usual place at 3?
I’ll be there… the conversation ended abruptly.
He knew there would be details to be worked out and decided that would have to come when they met in person. There could be no mistakes, no recorded phone calls, nothing to tie either of them to what he was planning.
…
The Chief made another call to his friend in the FBI… FBI Field Director Lawrence Redman was a strong leader much like Chief Dobbins. They had known each other since college. Both had risen through the ranks of their respective careers using intelligence, good organizational skills, and a sharp mind to get things done that it seemed others were unable to accomplish. But probably the most important likeness was that they both were dedicated to law and order and protecting innocent people from all the mayhem the criminal element spread throughout the country they served.
Director Redman this is Chief Dobbins… It seems I have something else here that might interest you… we’ve been talking to Sophia Grendandino… it started as another case from the Organized Crime Task Force’s work… but with Balboa’s testimony incriminating her… it has escalated up the ladder from there… I figured you would like to know about it.
I appreciate your cooperation Mark, it’s good to know that local law enforcement is willing to share jurisdiction for a change… we usually catch a lot of flak for stepping on local toes… The Director was pleased with Mark’s willingness to cooperate.
That’s ok Larry, we’ve been friends now for a long time now… the least I can do is keep you informed when a case we’re working on appears to fall within the jurisdiction of investigations your people are working on… and it works both ways… when you tell me about things your teams are on it help us too.
You might want to send several of you best people over… this time it’s even more critical and the possibility that others want to keep her from talking to us is a lot greater since the stakes in this one are much higher…
If you can hold a lid on things for a while, I’ll send several people over… I’ll also make all the arrangements for our end of the deal… I am assuming it’s about the same as the last? The Director was wondering whether the suspect had wanted immunity again.
Yes the same situation. Only I believe this time the information is a lot more valuable. The Chief was trying to emphasize how deep he thought it went without saying too much.
Ok, once you have her statement we can work out the rest of the details between us… From there we’ll take over protection and handle things like we did the last time… Does that sound good to you?
Sounds good… Thanks Larry… I’ll wait for your people to arrive with the deal and then contact you once we have her testimony…
The conversation ended with both of them satisfied by the arrangements they had made. The Chief broke into a full smile at work for the first time he could remember in a long while… only no one was there to actually see it.
…
Roger wasn’t too happy with having to contact Darby again, but he knew that Darby would probably be the only one who might have information on where Isabella Grendandino disappeared to. This time the plan was to meet in a small parking area on the parkway drive. Before the creek that ran along the parkway became polluted from industrial waste it was a very popular spot for fishing buffs. Now almost no one frequented the spot, with the exception of teenagers, who only gathered at night. It would be a safe place to talk since you could see cars coming from either direction for quite a ways from there. Roger pulled into a parking space and waited for Darby to show up. A few minutes later a white panel van pulled in next to Roger’s car. He could see Darby sitting behind the wheel. Darby lowered the passenger window and learned over toward the door.
Glad you got a hold of me first this time… before you talked to Bobby… he really doesn’t need to get involved in this any more than he is already.
Roger responded in kind. I wish I hadn’t talked to him the last time… it may have caused him some problems… seems he’s attracted some interest… someone tried to take him out.
Darby smiled. I know… put a good scare into him didn’t it? … except for you, I’ll bet he hasn’t breathed a word of what I told him to ANYONE!
Roger stared at Darby with a look of surprised understanding. It was YOU! … you did that… to keep him quiet.
I talked to him before I realized it was you that was behind his interest… I wanted to make sure he kept it to himself… figured if he thought someone was after him he might lay low and keep his mouth shut.
But this current request of yours… it has almost been a bust for me… I really couldn’t find anything concrete on the former Isabella Grendandino.
So I have taken the risk of meeting with you and you’re telling me you can’t find anything… GREAT… I might as well HAVE asked Bobby and stayed safe myself.
Listen Roger, this whole thing about me having a cloud hanging over my head is just a cover… in fact I have even helped to perpetuate the myth… it keeps people out of my business… but it’s all mostly rumor… think about it a minute… have you ever really had any situations in dealing with me that turned bad for you? Sure you heard about some… everybody that knows me has… but have you even really been in one yourself?
The truth is Roger… I’m really one of the good guys… I try to keep an eye on things, help when I can, and most important I protect my friends!
Well… Darby… you have always been a good friend… I realize you have your own motives, and you try to look out from others… I’m just frustrated that you couldn’t find anything on her.
I didn’t say that I hadn’t found anything… I said I couldn’t find anything concrete… but as for rumors, possibilities, and info passed on from insiders… I have a lot of that… it’s just not confirmed info is all I am saying.
Roger’s eyes widened as Darby told him her current suspected identity… I got this from those who might know… but with no actual physical records to confirm it.  I am guessing that Mr. Big hired people to help change her identity… it was a real professional job … no loose ends… he may have even used inside people in government agencies he had control over… either way I have no real proof. You will have to find that out for yourself.
Darby raised his passenger window and pulled out from the parking space. Roger left also heading the opposite direction of Darby. He was dialing his cell phone as he exited the parkway and headed out to savor a bill of fare that was in his mind for a much anticipated lunch. 
…
It was little over an hour before three FBI agents the Director sent over arrived with the deal for Sophia. Chief Dobbins escorted the three of them, two male and a female agent, to the viewing room.
I’ve made arrangements with your director for our department to take the lead for now. Since it was our department that cracked the case in the first place… your Director is allowing my people to work with her and get all the information she has to give us on a video. Once we have the recording of her testimony you can take custody. This is our main recording room, and you can ‘watch the session from here … if you want a drink or snack there’s a room two doors down to your left that has vending machines… I’ll be back in a few minutes after I have my people all in place. The Chief stepped out of the recording room and headed up to Det, Lutz’s office, where Dave and Berry were working on a list of exactly what information they wanted to get from Sophia.
After telling Dave and Berry that everything was ready for them to take Sophia’s statements and handing them a folder with the deal for her, the Chief returned to the recording room and closed the door behind him. I figure you’ve probably been recording since they entered the room Mr. Johnson… but you can add the digital time stamp now for this session… Detective Lutz should be here in a few seconds… let’s make it official. Benny nodded and turned toward the equipment to enable the video recording’s time stamp.
As they were heading for the interrogation room Berry’s phone buzzed and when he looked at the front he saw Muffin’s name on the caller ID. Got little time Muffin… what’s up? Yes… you did? ... and?
Berry’s face changed from indifference to reflect his new found interest in what Muffin had to say. REALLY? How sure are you? OK, at least that’s a start… maybe I can get some confirmation from here… we’re getting ready to talk with Sophia Grendandino… yeaw, well we shall see my friend… thanks! As he closed the phone to end the conversation, Berry reported to Dave… maybe an important development… tell you about it a little later… I need to get some confirmation first… he smiled.
When they entered the room this time, Berry sat at the table opposite the attorney and Dave sat in a chair next to him opposite Sophia. It appeared very natural, but they had actually discussed the seating arrangement and had moved to their desired location as it had been rehearsed between them beforehand. Dave reached across the table in front of Berry and handed her lawyer the deal they were offering Sophia… it was almost exactly the same thing they had offered Vinnie. Berry was the first to speak.
You can look through the paperwork if you want before we start… just to make sure it’s what you want… the lawyer didn’t look up but continued pursing the folder’s contents.
I want to point out, if you look toward the back of the folder, that they are also offering witness protection if you want it… before Berry could continue he was interrupted by Sophia’s quick response.
I will not leave my home… no witness protection… I will deal with the consequences of my own actions… she looked at her lawyer and he simply nodded back to her.
Since it appears you have provided what I have asked for… I am not unaware that what may happen to me depends a lot on who you are able take down. That is why I am willing to tell you all that I know… so that you could be able to remove those who might retaliate.
But before I start, I want to clarify my position. There are some things I know about that came from others… I was not personally involved. They are things that go back to when Papa was young… back to when he was just beginning the build the family business. Then there are other things I know… things that come from my own personally involvement in the family business… you need to understand the progression… to fully understand what I know and use it to your best advantage… so first… a little history.
My father started out in his early teens running numbers for one of the established crime figures at that time. When he was twenty, he met a man of little political power but with a lot of money. Papa wanted to build his own family business and his acquaintance wanted to gain political power. That is how Papa started his own family business. In exchange for the money to recruit and built an organization of his own, Papa provided muscle for his power seeking partner.
Sophia mused a little. I remember when I was a young child he would visit Papa and I would see them in the study standing together… Papa looked like a giant standing next to him… he was such a small thin man…
As I got a little older I remember thinking that Papa seemed to always want to please him… it was not what Papa said, but the way Papa treated him… not like others.
When Papa was killed he came to my sister and I and offered to take care of us financially… our oldest sister had already moved away… it was just Isabella and I then… Isabella decided to go away… I think she just couldn’t deal with it… he made all the arrangements. I decided to stay. We hadn’t really kept in touch… and then a few years ago he contacted me… offered me the same deal he had made with Papa… promised to give me back control of the family business… I felt I owned it to him… and the family. We called him Papa’s silent partner… others call him the Magician. His name is Agustus Rensillere.
Sophia began to relate details about all of family business she had carried out on his orders... physical violence, damaged property, threats, dirty tricks, muscle and pressure… all of which could get Rensillere several years in prison if convicted… but nothing that would put him out of commission for a very long time. Then she dropped the other shoe on them.
I also know he was responsible for the death of Senator Parks.
How do you know his death wasn’t an accident? Dave was getting anxious.
It was made to look like an accident… by a professional… I know this because he first came to me. He wanted me to take out the senator… wanted it to looked like an accident… it is the first time I ever refused him… he was not happy… quit angry in fact… but I was able to convince him that the family organization did not have people with the experience for that type of contract… and that to play it safe… he needed a professional… he is usually a careful man… and this time was no exception… in the end, he decided that that I was right.
Dave stared hard at Sophia. Do you know who he hired?
No… not personally… but I do know that in the past he has been known to use a professional they call the Doctor… they say has the ability to make a hit look like an accident… would have been perfect for the job… but I hear costs a lot… around a million or more... but if anyone could afford it he could.
Berry realized that with all the information Sophia had given then she never once mentioned the Loften murder. What about Charles Loften? Was Rensillere behind that too?
Sophia looked at Berry with a bit of what looked like regret on her face. He was not involved in that. That was for family.
Berry pressed her further. Family? … you mean it was a job that was sanctioned by the Family Business… the drug dealing business?
MY family does not get involved in the drug trade. Sophia sounded indignant. There may be the darker areas of our business… but since Papa started we have NEVER been involved in the drug trade. Agustus Rensillere had nothing to do with the Loften’s killing… like I said, that was strictly family business… there’s no need to discuss that.
Dave sounded a little irritated. Mrs. Grendandino, in case you have forgotten, the murder of Charles Loften WAS the reason we brought you down here in the first place. I have a need to discuss that… unless you want to forget our deal. Dave reached out toward the lawyer with his palm up and motioned flipping his fingers as if to say “give me back the folder”.
Sophia softened a little when she looked at Dave. I had hoped that the information I gave you was enough… I don’t want to get others involved that really have nothing to do with Rensillere and all his plans… that contract was personal business… like I said, for family.
Dave was insistent. A man was killed and whether it has to do with Rensillere or not doesn’t matter. I want to know ALL the facts. We can sort it out ourselves… and decide whether it is relevant… what you need to do is give me the details… or you can forget our deal and we can charge you with contract murder… it’s your choice.
Sophia relented. I was trying to protect my family … I did a favor… against my wishes… for my sister… she is a very smart person, but a little naïve and so engrossed in her own little world of research that she can’t see what is going on around her… Rensillere has had some contact with her over the years… she thinks he is just a smart powerful man… she has no idea what he is really like… he has a very strong influence over her… he has had it since she was young… she respects his opinion… he can be very persuasive. He has a lot of money and was willing to fund her projects… and with her research at stake she was willing to listen to him… but he had ulterior motives… he used her to accomplish a small part of his plan… and left her in an un-defendable position… so he could keep control.
Berry’s mind had been working on all the connections as Sophia had recounted her story and gave them her side of the situation. He had almost put all the pieces together already when she told them about her sister… and that’s when it came to him.
I know that your sister, Marie Burton, has been doing research on the psychological roots of physical violence. I believe that Rensillere not only funded the organization she founded and that gave her national prominence, but he also funded all of her research and backed her from behind the scenes in her rise to a nationally respected lecturer.
I believe what you are saying is that somewhere along the line Rensillere convinced her that by using LSD as a catalyst to psychotic events she might be more able to determine the psychological side effects of violence on the subject’s psyche reflecting their involuntary responses to external stimuli … and… Berry looked over at Dave and realized by the glazed look in Dave’s eyes that he had gone way too far into the details…
Put simply, under Rensillere’s influence she came to you for a source of LSD to use in her research and you helped supply the drug to her… Rensillere used her organization to further his own cause… and may have implicated her for the use of LSD… and maybe even murder… by having several students killed with evidence of the drug in their system… that in some way could be linked back to her… so you took out the link you had arranged for to protect her.
Sophia sat straight up in her chair… Murdered students? What are you talking about? There was never any involvement with students being killed… Loften was killed to protect Maria… my choice alone… but we did not do ANY contracts on college students…
Dave spoke up this time. There were four deaths of students that appeared to be suicide… but when the bodies were examined, it was confirmed that there was LSD in their system’s at the time of their deaths… leading us to believe that their deaths may not have been accidents… but the real problem here is that your sister was in each of the locations at the time of the deaths and had access to LSD… that’s not a drug that is being used a lot on college campuses any more… so where did it come from? … the situation makes her look like a prime suspect.
That’s absurd… she would NEVER employ violence! Ever since the death of her son, she has embraced a different life style than the one she was raised in. She would not even hire anyone to do it… she is always true to her dedication against violent actions… she would never betray what she feels is her calling. Maria could not be involved in that… she may have broken some rules to prove her point… but she would never use violence as a means to her end… besides… making a killing look like an accident… or in this case a suicide… sounds more like the work of someone like the Doctor
Berry continued his thoughts. Like I was saying, Rensillere probably had them killed to implicate Marie. I don’t think Marie was involved… it was done to keep control… maybe to point the finger at someone else if need be… and keep him out of it.
While I’m talking about possible incidents that may be related, do you know anything about the hit and run of a man named Lee Harrington?
Her lawyer responded. As in the agreement, Mrs. Grendandino will only speak about items related to the current incidents and the involvement with Mr. Rensillere… I will not allow you to incriminate her on un-related items…
Did I say it was un-related? I’m sorry… I believe I said that it may be related… if you will look at the agreement, I believe it says that any information uncovered during her testimony that can assist in the resolution of the case will be covered… that means she can tell me about Lee Harrington WITHOUT going outside the boundaries of her amnesty…
Sophia turned to look at her family attorney. It’s ok Mr. Renaldo, they can’t implicate me because I don’t know anything about it. Sophia turned back to Berry. I don’t have any knowledge about this man and I had not heard his name before you mentioned it. I am trying to be totally honest with you… I told you about my sister… which I am hoping doesn’t get her into trouble for her small infraction of the law… it really wasn’t her fault… she was just doing as her financier had suggested… I told you she was easily influenced by him… she has no idea of his real plans for her work.
Berry leaned back in his chair and scratched his head. There was something here that didn’t make sense. If Rensillere had contracted the Doctor to do the student killings, did the professional contract killer make the mistake? Even though it appeared to be a suicide there was the forensic evidence of LSD in their systems… and from what he understood, the Doctor didn’t make mistakes… but if it was done to implicate Marie, why would he want to do that… he needed her organization to become mainstream… he needed her influence to carry out his plans to build amateur sports leagues… why would he jeopardize that aspect? Berry looked intensely at Sophia. Where is your sister Isabella?
His question took her totally by surprise. Isabella, why are you asking me about her? … she went into hiding years ago.
And where is she now? Berry’s stair emphasized his question.
How should I know? I don’t keep track of her.
Berry revealed what he was thinking. I believe she lives very close… in fact right here in the city. It seemed curious to me that another powerful lady… one that has a political stake in all this… and has a similar first name… is married to Senator Taylor… her name is Isabel too you know. What I have discovered is that Isabel Taylor is actually your sister… the former Isabella Grendandino!
Both Dave AND Sophia looked at Berry with surprise… but it was Sophia that spoke up first. How did you know THAT? There are only and hand full of people… mostly family… that know who she is now.
Well, I had my suspicions, I have sources that discovered information suggesting that fact, but I didn’t actually know it for sure… until you just now confirmed it for me.
Sophia had the look of someone who had just betrayed a great secret. You are very devious Mr. Sullivan.
I’m just trying to get to the bottom of all this… and it seems there is a lot more to it than I first thought. How well acquainted is your sister Isabella with Agustus Rensillere?
Sophia looked down at the table and quietly responded. Very well acquainted… they have been close friends ever since he arranged for her to move away… he has looked out for her all these years… like he did for me.
There was an uncomfortable silence in the room… and a thickness in the air that gave the surroundings a rather heavy feeling… the buzzing of Dave’s phone broke the silence. He began pressing several buttons on the phone to retrieve what appeared to be a text message. 
Dave looked up at the camera as if he was talking directly to those watching… I’m gonna call for a little break right now to take care of some things. We can sort out the rest of this in a few minutes… Berry you want to come with me? Dave got up and opened the door with the two of them leaving Sophia and her lawyer behind, alone again in the room…

CHAPTER 30
The Chief now had more arrangement to make and little time to get them all worked out. When he returned to his office it appeared that he was in a hurry to get everything in place. He buzzed his assistant Jan and asked her to come in his office. He then laid the investigation folder down on his desk and got up heading toward the door. When his Jan come in, he paused and faced her with a frustrated look that was meant to tell her he was under pressure to get something done and needed her help to accomplish it. 
I need to go talk with the Feds for a few minutes… and explain our situation… keep an eye on my office and don’t let anyone in until I get back… I don’t want anyone snooping around… I need to keep things quiet for a while… until I can get some details worked out I’ll be back in 15 minutes… he then walked away leaving her standing there and headed off down the corridor.
…
The usual location for their meetings was a dark damp warehouse on the end of Warehouse Row. They met in a small one story office nestled in the back corner. The glow of florescent lighting flowed through the slits in the blinds covering the rectangular window that looked out on the warehouse floor. Shadows of two figures could be seen reflected against the blinds… but there was no one in the warehouse to see their silhouettes… it was a secret meeting… to discuss secret plans… plans to remove obstacles that might reveal their secrets to the world.
Things have changed. I’m not sure even your expertise can help now. I believe it’s worse than I expected. They have Sophia and may have already gotten information from her that could jeopardize both our goals. I don’t believe she can tell them anything that can actually incriminate me or jeopardize any of my plans, but it could slow things down, and we are at a critical stage… not just for my plans, but for your ambitions too.
I told you that I had retired… but you wouldn’t listen… now it looks like you may have gotten me tangled up in your troubles… I also told you when you asked for my help again that the Parks job was my last and now you bring me here again under the threat of losing my dreams… and then you tell me you really can’t use my services… I feel I have more than enough repaid your generosity with my years of service… what is going on with you?
In the old days it was a lot easier… people were loyal… you could count on them for their word… the old man was one of my best associates… I could always count on him… but the old loyalty is gone… now everybody’s out for themselves… hang the other guy. Sophia is out to take care of herself… and I am told she doesn’t care who she brings down as long as she can escape punishment herself. It’s time for damage control... for both of us.
How much does she actually know? Is she aware of my professional relationship with you?
As far as I know she isn’t aware of what you have been doing for me… at least I haven’t given her any cause to expect anything… she’s a smart women… she may know of the Doctor’s reputation from her family business dealings, but I doubt if she knows who the Doctor is… the real problem is that some of the information she might give the police could cause problems for both our future ambitions…
What do you want me to do Agustus?
I want you to help me resolve this is the best way possible without leaving any evidence that either of us were involved. What do you think we should do? It was the first time he had ever asked for advice… his comment did just what it was designed to do. It made his special partner feel important… he could now get down to the details of how he would handle their dilemma… with the Doctor’s full cooperation. He was just about to take advantage and lay out his next move when his cell phone began to vibrate in his suit jacket inside breast pocket. His face showed his anger at being interrupted. 
What is it? His voice also sounded angry. There was a long pause while he listened to the person on the other end. Gradually his expression changed to a more pleasant look. His voice changed too. Are you sure? … ok, keep me posted if there are any changes… he pressed the end button on his cell phone and looked up with a smile to his partner… it appears that we may have been hasty in our judgment of Sophia… my original information was based on conversations overheard within the department… was probably a lot of speculation… they always think they have the upper hand.
A source I have cultivated inside the police department has given me some very solid information that indicates Sophia has told them nothing that can damage my plans… in fact it looks as if she is staying with the old family ways and refusing to tell them anything she really knows for sure… but I still want to have a plan B in case things go bad… I have a couple of ideas that might take the heat off… that is if you are still willing to come out of retirement… for one more job… I promise this time.
…
So that’s what that phone call you took in the hall was all about… you could have told me… I wouldn’t have spilled the beans to her. Dave was a little indignant that Berry had not told him about Isabel Taylor’s real identity.
I wasn’t sure… all I had was hearsay from third party information… I needed everyone to be surprised… I was hoping it would at least elicit a telling response from her… I hadn’t expected her to be that willing to confirm it.
Dave had his own news to break. I need to talk to Carl… the text he sent me said he has uncovered some very important information… this thing seems to be breaking wide open… and that scares me a little… there are still so many things that could go wrong… we are still vulnerable… we need to get as much as we can as soon as we can and get this thing to a head before we lose momentum. Berry just nodded as they headed down to the lab to talk with Carl…
When they entered the lab Carl was standing over a large piece of equipment with his back to them taking notes on a pad. He must have been used to people coming in while he was engrossed in his work because without moving from his position he spoke up as soon as they entered. It appears that your idea about Senator Parks’ death not being an accident was right. What we have found is a small piece of prima cord embedded in the undercoating of his vehicle. It appears that it was wrapped around the brake line. When the end of the cord that was attached to the primer was detonated it punctured a hole in the brake line… the pressure from the brake fluid threw a small piece of the other end of the cord into the undercoating which insolated most of it and prevented it from detonating.
What’s more interesting is that I found a small black fabric fiber stuck to the prima cord fragment. When I analyzed the fiber I discovered it was a blend of both synthetic and natural… a blend that is used mostly in carpets… but in this case not just any carpet… it’s carpet from a Mercedes Benz SLS… they have it special made for that model… bottom line… it appears that the killer transported the prima cord in a Mercedes Benz SLS with black carpeting. I have the database searching for Mercedes Benz SLSs… especially black ones… but it could be another color with just black carpets so I set it to look for all Mercedes Benz SLS registrations… maybe we’ll get lucky.
Dave was excited. That’s great Carl… if we can trace that make of car to a possible owner… they’re expensive and I would imagine there are not to many of those around no matter what the color… we can search for explosives residue and maybe determine who the profession killer is… it appears that the Doctor, if it was his work, may have made a mistake after all…
Berry interrupted Dave’s excitement. What makes you think the professional killer is a man… it could be a woman… I’ve been studying some cases in which the task force suspected the Doctor was involved… but there was never any real evidence of foul play… this person is intelligent, meticulous with details, highly organized… and doesn’t like to get their hands dirty… I’m not trying to be chauvinistic but along with the fact that they drive a Mercedes Benz SLS… well… it sounds more like the work of a woman to me… Berry smiled a sheepish grin.
…
The Chief’s cell phone rang… Chief Dobbins…
I’ve got something for you Chief… looks like you were right… I have a video and was also able to pick up a cell phone conversation… Benny wasted no time getting to the point but was discrete at the same time leaving out who, what, how, or why. I left the feds in the interrogation recording room… you can come down here… my place is secure… I’m sure of that.
Be there in a minute. The Chief was headed to Benny Johnson’s realm of technology oriented police work… it always made him a little uncomfortable… all those things that could spy on your personal world… that world most take for granted to be secure… a realm where nothing was sacred and no secrets were kept. He knew it was necessary… in fact required… how else could he have caught a spy in the department. He dismissed his regret and headed on in his mission to clean up the city…
The hidden camera Benny has put in his office clearly showed the Chief’s assistant removing the investigation folder from his desk and reading it over thoroughly… only she didn’t know it was filled with bogus information. The Chief had planted it there filled with information that made it look like neither Vinnie nor Sophia had been willing to cooperate. It was meant to buy him some time… time to get the case to a point of legally obtaining arrest warrants for those behind all the ciaos. The recorded phone conversation Benny played for him confirmed that it had worked. The informant had told her boss that he was safe at this time… and it appeared that he took the bait, giving the Chief time to build his case.
I don’t have to tell you how sensitive this is Benny… I want you to put those in a safe place that no one has access to… until we get this finished… He picked up the phone on Benny’s desk and called one of the Detectives… Detective Sobal… this is Chief Dobbins… I want you to find my assistant Jan Garvey, take her into custody, and bring her down to interrogation room 3… do it right now.
The Chief left the so called technology room telling Benny he had done good work… but his mind was far away from the spy world now… he was concentrating on all the details and ready to calculate his next move.
…
Dave was about to suggest he and Berry head back to his office to work over the details when one of Carl’s gadgets made a beeping sound. Well this is interesting… it appears you were right… there are only 11 Mercedes Benz SLSs registered within a 100 mile radius of the city… Carl stopped typing and turned to face then. How much does one of those cost?
Over a hundred grand… Berry was familiar with the price being an avid car shopper…
WOW that’s a lot! Carl turned back and began typing again. Wait a minute… Hellllo… here’s something… there is only one black SLS on the registration list and you’re not going to believe who it is registered to… Carl wasn’t really trying to elicit a response… it was more of a rhetorical question…
Never the less Berry responded. A Mrs. Johnathan Taylor…  Senator Taylor’s wife.
How did you know that? Benny was amazed.
It’s been something I have been mulling over for a while… like I told Dave… there was the possibility that the professional hit man might actually be a hit woman… and there were some pieces that seemed to fit together in my head… in was a hunch.
Dave was also surprised by Berry’s insight. A good hunch too… but the problem is this is not enough evidence to convict her on anything… it’s pretty damning… but we need more…
A light came on in Berry’s mind. I might be able to get more… I think I have something that might just be a possible link… it could turn out to be something we can use. I need to take off for a bit to check it out… do you need me to be here for the rest of the statements and arrangements? … or can you take care of those things yourself while I’m gone?
No problem… if you can get more evidence… go get it
I’ll keep in touch… call me if anything important comes up… I should be back in a couple of hours. Berry left the department and headed out to gather his new evidence…

CHAPTER 31
Berry was heading over to the hospital to see Lee. He had stopped by his office first to put together a special picture that he thought might help Lee remember the face of the woman driver that hit him. Berry had Photo-Shopped the picture so the background was black and only the oval of the face was visible. He was hoping that when he showed it to Lee… at just the right time during his questioning… Lee might recognize the face. It was a long shot at best but Berry had hunch and he was feeling he had gotten better with his timing lately… maybe it was just the right time to jog Lee’s memory.
When Berry arrived at Lee’s room, Lee was up and sitting on the side of the bed. Hi Berry… It’s nice to see you again… thanks for coming by… Muffin’s been here several times… had to scold him though for making me laugh… it hurts my ribs… Lee stood up very slowly, cracked a huge smile, and reached out patting Berry on his shoulder… glad you stopped by.
I’ve been meaning to get over here to see you sooner… so much going on… but you might want to reserve your appreciation for later… to be honest with you I have ulterior motives for coming to see you. I want to jog your memory a little more… it’s very important… what you remember could be a key turning point in the case I am working on… I believe it ties into your hit and run. 
Lee felt excited by the prospect he was the key to anything… he had always been what he considered an extra… and extra cog on the wheel… and extra person in the group… not in the center… not even at the end… but a backup singer… an understudy… Lee slid slowly back towards the bed and sat down. It impressed him that Berry considered him a key and thought he could help with the investigation… Lee decided was going be as much help as he could.  If I can help in any way Berry just ask. I’m willing to do whatever I can to help you.
I’m glad you feel that way Lee… it can help you remember what happened… what you saw… what your memory stored… so let’s get started. I’m going to ask you some questions. I want you to stop and think about your answers… try to visualize your answers… to think of what your mind saw through your eyes… to try to see what you actually saw when it happened. 
Ok, your approaching the street to cross to the other side… did you step off the curb and cross immediately… did you hesitate a little… did you just stand there on the other side for a while?
Lee tilted back his head, squinted his eyes, and looked up towards the ceiling as if he was seeing a vision… he was trying to see… in his mind… his actions that night. 
As I approached, I was looking across the street at the bath house. I remember that I was thinking maybe I should just go back to Arnolds… I remember… I stood there for a while… maybe 5 minutes or so… 
Good… that’s a start Lee… you’re getting the idea… what we are trying to do is allow your mind to retrieve memories it has stored from that night… now, when you stepped off the curb did you walk slow… fast..  or maybe run across? How quickly did you cross the street?
Lee continued trying to visualize his actions that night… I believe I started out rather slowly… but then my steps got quicker… I remember I was moving fairly quick when the car hit me… I remember now… when I saw the car… I thought I should have been more slow and careful crossing the street.
GREAT! OK… after you saw the car and thought you should have been more careful… you looked over at the driver… and you said previously you saw the driver was a female… 
Yeeeessss… that’s… that’s right… Lee was still concentrating on visualizing that night.
Did you look the driver directly in the face? … did you see the driver’s face?
Lee’s face tightened up as he concentrated harder on what he saw… Yeeesaa… yeeees I did… that’s how I knew it was a female… Lee was nodding his head rapidly with his eyes closed as he spoke.
Berry held up the picture he had put together. I want you to open your eyes and look at this picture… do you recognize this person?
Lee straightened up, opened his eyes, and looked directly at the picture Berry was holding up.
OHH… MY… GOSH… THAT’S HERRR…
OK one more thing Lee… do you recognize her… do you remember seeing her before? Think hard!
Well, I’m not really good at women’s faces… but I remember thinking she was familiar… there was something… I couldn’t be sure… but I remember thinking she looked a little like a woman I saw a few days earlier… I only saw her for a few seconds … she had a hoodie on with the draw strings pulled tight… but she looked a lot like that picture too… I believe the reason I remember her face is because it seemed odd to me… not the hoodie… although I remember thinking it was the wrong color for her complexion… an awful shade of green… but the odd part is that she was laying on the ground next to a car when I saw her… then when she saw me she got up quickly, and took off disappearing into the crowd that was around the office steps.
Where was this Lee?
Huuuh… that when it all started…
What started? …
This whole mess… my involvement… what almost got me killed I think… it was at the Politico Office complex… I went there as a favor for Muffin… who I believe was working for you Mr. Sullivan.
You were looking for information on the committee…
Yeeees… that’s right… it was some political thing… you know I’m not into politics… I was following this groups that I thought might be connected… they were there doing some kind of protest at a senator’s office… Senator Parks… trying to pressure him on a vote or something like that… the group was gathering on the steps outside his office… I was trying to stay in the background… to see if I could find out anything without being obvious… I was standing in the parking lot listening to conversations as the protesters passed by… I stayed there until they were all standing around the office steps and the parking lot was almost empty… that’s when I saw her… in the parking lot.
Did you happen you notice whose parking space it was… who the car belonged to?
I wasn’t paying much attention to things like that… it could have been the rock star’s for that matter and I wouldn’t have known… I’m not the automobile aficionado type… but I do remember that is was a silver Lincoln town car… I may not know much about cars but I do know about class…
This is great Lee… you may have put a cap on this case and brought it to a resolution with your information… the problem is you may also have become a target for some very serious and dangerous people… when have the doctors told you that you can leave?
The last one I talked to said they plan to keep me here for at least two more days… I don’t like being a target Berry... this whole thing scares me. Lee started to cry.
Berry reached over and patted Lee on the back. We can keep you safe Lee… we can make sure no one can hurt you… trust me Lee… I’m going take care of that…
Lee looked up at Berry and forced a smile… thanks Berry… you know... you’re not so bad for a straight guy.
Berry smiled back. I’m going to make a call right now to get you good protection… he dialed his cell phone to call Dave.
Dave… I have that evidence we needed… a witness… yes a real live witness… I need some good protection over here at the hospital… for at least two days… this needs to be a real tight operation… we can’t afford a slip up… Berry looked over at Lee… I believe this may be the key… to bring the entire organization down… he felt a shiver go up his neck… those were almost the exact words he had heard over the phone back when the case began… just before the person who spoke them was killed. Berry shook off the strange feeling of déjà vu and continued his conversation.
Ok, that sounds good… you talk to the Chief and I’ll wait here until the arrangements are made… hang tight buddy… we’re on the home stretch. Berry was trying to sound positive even if he was a little anxious about it all going bad himself.
…
Dave was standing in the Chief’s office looking out the window. It had been a long day and it was probably going to be a long night too. The sun was almost gone having quietly ducked behind the tall buildings of the city… and night was beginning to sweep over its streets and alley ways. The night people were just beginning to stir… those who become most active in the wee hours… those hours that most people are sound asleep in their beds. They were starting to plot their ways to their evening jobs… and their nightly haunts. The city was putting on its night face… getting ready for its shift change… moving from the light to the dark… beginning to reflect dancing shadows from the brilliantly glowing neon jungle that came alive at night… instead of the brightly reflected colors of street windows that can catch your eye during the day… both a most impressive sight. But to Dave the night was an accomplice to those who wanted to hide their criminal activities… a friend to those who chose to reside on the other side of the law. He was thinking that it was his job to shine a light on those activities… his responsibility to see them clearly through the darkness… his thoughts were interrupted when the Chief entered his office and shut the door behind him.
Chief Dobbins strolled past Dave still standing at the window and sat down behind his desk. I’d almost forgotten how much leg work it takes… and phone calls… I usually don’t get involved… of course I’m briefed… but usually not personally involved… I would like to wrap it up for good and relax a little. 
Dave turned to catch the chief’s eye. I know what you mean Chief… a lot going on… and lot more to come. 
To an unknowing bystander it would appear that the Chief and Dave were just discussing their work in general terms… but to only a few who actually knew what was happening it was obvious that they were talking about the case that the Chief was helping Dave with without actually talking about it directly. Both of them weren’t sure if somehow… someone… maybe could still be listening. 
I have some arrangement to make. I would like for you to come with me to the main interrogation room to make sure everything is setup and ready to go. Dave realized that the Chief was telling him that he wanted to talk in the interrogation room… the room he said he wanted to be the only place they would discuss the true details about the case… the room where he was having Benny make sure it was safe to talk.
As they headed down the hall the chief leaned over toward Dave and spoke softly. Do you know how to disconnect the camera?
Dave spoke softly back. Berry said it had only two feeds, a power and a send/receive cable…one unplugs from a socket… and the other unscrews from a connector.
Good… was all the Chief said.
…
After Lee’s protection detail arrived, stationing a person at each stairway, and another at the elevators, Berry left feeling comfortable with the arrangement and returned to his office. He wanted to look at his special program’s output to trace the links, but he was feeling fairly certain he had most of the connections figured out already. The big picture puzzle was becoming clearer. He could see most of the picture now. There were only a few pieces missing. Setting at the helm of his own creative techno-brain Berry settled back into the place he felt most comfortable… sure… he felt that all the rest of the work that went along with his investigative services was interesting too… but the part he liked the best… his strongest feeling of accomplishment… his sweet spot in life… was where he was right now putting all the pieces together. 
He followed the connections in his mind… the brain behind what was going on… the person behind what he had been investigating both before and after he teamed up with Dave Lutz… had been working with the Grendandino organized crime family business since the family began… in fact he was the money behind the organized crime business Sophia’s father had built.  Using his connection with the family, and the Grendandino crime family’s muscle, Mr. Big was able to push his way to a position of power in political circles... but eventually he decide that his current position of power was not enough and he began to plan a way to control even the White House. 
In order to hide his involvement he planned to fund his new political move with the proceeds from organized amateur sports teams and the gambling on them which would be authorized by laws… laws that he indirectly would introduce and then pressure politicians that owed him favors to vote for. In order to make way for the amateur leagues he was also indirectly funding and influencing a push to remove violent sports from state funded universities. But the real bid was to control the person in the White house and he was grooming a person to be that puppet.
He was using the three daughters of the Grendandino family’s founder to help carry out his plans… since her father was dead he was helping Sophia rebuild her father’s family business. He needed the family muscle to pressure opponents and he needed the family business to route the gambling money through… so he could stay clean and in the background. He was using Sophia’s sister Marie to help sway public opinion against violence in state funded academic institutions. He needed her to help remove an obstacle to his amateur league’s ability to recruit young athletic stars. But the most sinister use was the way he was using Sophia’s other sister Isabel. He had used her trust and admiration to turn her into a hired professional killer. It was something he had accomplished over many years of gaining her confidence and feeding the hunger he knew she had for the revenge she had always wanted deep down inside… revenge for her father’s murder. He had used her rage and anger… and had it focused on helping him remove obstacles… and had also promised her a power position of her own in return. 
It had all been planned… Isabel‘s marriage to Johnathan Taylor… Taylor’s rise up the political ladder… he had control over Johnathan through his wife… and would have control over the high political position he would put him into … it was Agustus Rensillere that was pulling all the strings. 
But there was still a lose end… a couple pieces of the puzzle missing. Berry knew Rensillere had Senator Parks killed because he was going to vote against a bill Rensillere needed to have passed for his plans to work. Lee had unwittingly seen Isabel next the Senator’s car just before he was hit by the train so the attempt on his life was to cover up her involvement. Sophia had Loften killed to cover for her sister Marie… but why had the four college student been killed? Maybe when they got a chance to talk with Isabel that might become clear… but for now there seemed to be nothing tying their murders to Sophia, Marie, Isabel, or Rensillere… it didn’t seem to fit anywhere. Berry had a distressing thought… maybe there was another player… someone else they had not discovered yet… someone with a motive to kill four college students… and access to the LSD that Marie was using in her research.
Berry had a hunch… and most of the time his hunches were right… but this time he was thinking it was highly improbable… he couldn’t see a reason… and the reason was always something he had to know… even if it was just for his own satisfaction… there was always a reason… maybe not a good one… but a reason just the same. He would have to do some digging… to find a reason… a reason that his hunch could be correct.
When the phone rang this time he was ready to talk to anyone… he needed to… he needed a pause… a chance to let his mind flow freely… and that was just what he was going to get. Detective Lutz had called to say they had already impounded Isabel’s car and the forensics team was in the process of going over it. They were going to wait to bring Isabel in until the morning… so Berry had a short break before he had to get ready to talk with her… he leaned over in his chair and turned up the volume of the music he had playing in the background…  
Till the morning comes, it'll do you fine.
Till the morning comes, like a highway sign,
Showing you the way, leaving no doubt,
Of the way on in or the way back out.
…

CHAPTER 32
The sun rose over the city but it was not noticed by Berry this morning. His mind was on the case and closing all the loose ends. He was on his way to the department to meet with Dave and go over the details before they talked to Isabel Taylor. He imagined that by the time he got there Dave would probably have already had her brought in for questioning. He could feel deep inside that they were close to nailing down all the facts and he was ready to get it over with. He wasn’t anxious so much as he was ready for a break and some time off to rest a little. This case had developed into a real tangled web of plots, plans, and unexpected people… and it had keep him going almost day and night for several weeks now… he was getting a little tired and ready to finish it off…
When Berry entered Dave’s office he wasn’t expecting what was waiting for him. The chief was standing next to Dave’s desk and Dave was sitting on the edge of the desk.
We have something else to bring into this thanks to you again Berry. Remember those finger prints you asked me to get from the elevator at the hospital? … well… you nailed it again… seems they belong to one Isabel Taylor… that places her on Lee Harrington’s floor… Dave paused and the Chief took over.
Berry, I have to admit that I was skeptical about bringing you on as a consultant… in fact… if it hadn’t have been for the glowing reference Dianne Cummings gave you I might had dismissed the idea all together… but this thing has played out well and you have been a good asset… 
It was the first time either Dave or Berry heard a complement come from the Chief. He was usually very reserved with his appreciations… but Berry remember that it was personal for the Chief, and the fact that they were getting close to bringing down Rensillere appeared please him  a lot.
We have enough to put the pressure on Mrs. Taylor… and maybe get to the bottom of this case… I’m expecting you and Dave to get some information from her… information that breaks this case… you two seems to work together well… I believe if you keep that type of pressure on her we can close this… and resolve an issue that has been stuck in my craw for years… I would like to see you two close this one today. I’m counting on you to get it done… so don’t disappoint me… your suspect is waiting so get to it!
The Chief left the office with Dave and Berry following close behind. They were headed down to the now familiar interrogation room to question Isabel Taylor… who was waiting for them there… this time neither Dave or Berry were intimated by her political position… they were ready to bring this case to a close, and the Senator’s wife was going to be their coup de gras.
This time Agustus was totally in the dark as to what was going on. The Chief had played it very carefully. He had Isabel’s car impounded the night before without actually notifying her. His men had towed it away in the darkness of the night… like a team of repossessers… they silently spirited her car away without her knowledge… and then he had his men take her into custody early in the morning after her husband had left the house so there would be no time for her to notify anyone. He was hoping they could get her to talk before either her husband or Mr. Big found out. It was his one last chance to get the best of Rensillere and he wasn’t going to let it pass by without giving it his total attention… his attention to details… he was ready this time… and he was pretty sure it was going to pay off.
She was sitting defiantly in the chair when they entered the room. I know my rights… I want to make a phone call… you can’t hold me here without allowing me to talk with my attorney… in fact when my husband finds out what you’ve done you both will be out of a job… this is ridiculous…
Dave responded to her. Mrs. Taylor, I’m Detective Lutz and this is Berry Sullivan… the problem is we have evidence that ties you to the killing of Senator Parks… and I thought you might like to talk about it before we press any charges… maybe work with us a little… it could change your circumstance.
What evidence? … I’ve done nothing… 
Unfortunately for you, we have evidence that illegal explosives were transported in your car trunk. Prima cord to be exact… prima cord that was used to damage Senator Parks’ brake lines… that caused him to be hit by a train… but the most damning evidence is a witness… a witness to you tampering with Senator Parks’ car just before it happened… one you tried to run down… but fortunately did not kill… he recognized you… both at Senator Park’s car and as the driver that ran him over… oh and one more thing… we have your finger prints from the elevator on the floor at the hospital where the witness is recovering… when you tried to finish the job… we have a witness there also… Dave was pouring it all out and trying to make it sound like he had more that he actually did. He wanted her to believe she was caught dead to rights. He stopped talking and just sat there staring at her.
Berry could see her thinking about what her next move would be. He knew she was sharp, and he knew she would try to dismiss any evidence they claimed to have. He felt she needed a little more encouragement so Berry added his own pressure. 
The evidence is solid… we found some undamaged prima cord embedded in the car’s undercoating… it had a carpet fiber stuck in it… carpet from a black SLS… we also found the exact same chemical signature from carpet in your car truck proving not only that the prima cord used to kill Senator Parks was the exact same cord that was in your trunk and the fiber embedded in the prima cord found in his car has the exact same chemical makeup of the carpet in your car trunk. The final blow is that the witness recognized you from a picture, and is willing to testify that he saw you tampering with Senator Parks’ car… when you tried to run him down… he recognized you again not only as the driver of the car that hit him but also as the person he saw tampering with the Senator’s car. Face it Isabel, the evidence is overwhelming… it could do away with your political ambitions not to mention put you away for a long time. What we really want is the person behind it all. If you are willing to help us you could walk away from this without going to jail… it’s up to you.
Berry continued… your husband has some rather ambitious political goals… and there are people who would love to see him fail… a few words to the media, and the house comes down… once something like what we have here is made public, whether you are convicted or not, the entire house of cards falls down… and you can say goodbye to any political ambitions you might have had. All that work to get him there… all those years of building a good political reputation… all lost by just a few words getting to the right people… or the wrong people however you want to look at it.
Isabel knew the power of the media to ruin political ambitions. So many have fallen before by just one slip up… one mistake that cost them their political career… she was highly aware of what could happen if it got out that she was being arrested for murder… she began to soften a little. So exactly what is it you want from me?
Dave got right to the point. What I want is information that can incriminate Agustus Rensillere.
She now realized how deep the investigation really went. It was obvious to her now that the police were interested in the involvement of Agustus Rensillere in Senator Parks’ murder and they were willing to cut her a deal in order to get what they wanted. She was still careful to keep it low key… What do you want to know about him?
Everything you know about him… his involvement in Senator Parks’ murder… and any other criminal activities he is involved in.
And what do I get in return?
The opportunity to stay out of jail…  Dave was trying to play hardball with her. If you give us something we can use, I believe we can make you a deal that will keep you from going to prison. I can make some calls and get this arranged… that is if you are willing to cooperate.
Isabel looked at Dave and nodded her head. 
Ok, you sit tight and I’ll go make the arrangements. Dave got up and Berry accompanied him out of the interrogation room. 
…
After all the arrangements were made Berry and Dave sat and listened to Isabel lay out her years of involvement with Rensillere. He had recruited her when she was still in college, and had been using her to dissolve what he called difficult situations ever since. She was careful not to include any details or names except for Senator Parks. She knew that too much detail could incriminate her further and she was trying to keep things to her recent job with Senator Parks. She figured it would give them enough to bring his empire down without incriminating her on other things and cause her more trouble. 
When she finished Berry spoke directly to her. What about the four college students? … what was Rensillere’s involvement in those murders?
I don’t know anything about college student being killed… that was not anything that I did for him. I am certain he was not involved in the murder of any college students… and I would know… since he usually calls on me… I did not have a contract out on college students… and I know that neither did he… you’ve got some of your information wrong… there were never any students involved in his plans… I am certain of that.
Berry smiled… he wasn’t expressing his pleasure at finding out she was not involved in the killing of four students… it was his hunch he was thinking about … now he was sure there was one more player in all this and he was fairly sure he knew who it was too… Dave, I believe I know what happened to the four students… if Isabel is right about Rensillere not being involved in that… then I think I know who was. Since we have Isabel’s statement, I am thinking that I need to check this out… if I am right maybe we will have it all… once I get my facts down…. We need to talk. Berry started toward the door and Dave got up to follow him. 
Are you just going to leave me sitting here? Isabel was still displaying her self confidence even after being pinned down on her job as Rensillere’s hit man. What’s the deal? Do I get to talk to my attorney? 
Dave Responded. You can if you want, but it would change our deal… you might not get what you want… it’s your choice.
Well at least can I get something to eat and drink while I’m waiting?
Sure, I’ll make some arrangement to have something brought down here. I’ll be back in a while and we can finish the deal. The two men left Isabel alone waiting on her refreshments.
…
The Chief left the viewing room and met the two men in the hallway. So what’s this hunch you have Berry?
It’s about Marie Burton’s assistant, Alice Compton… can you have her brought in for questioning Chief Dobbins? 
What does she have to do with all this?
I believe she is responsible for the campus murders… and if I am right, we are going to need to get her to confess… I don’t really have any evidence, just some facts that point to that conclusion… we need to see if we can get her to talk… the problem is I don’t believe the four student killings were connected to Rensillere’s plans. I think they were prompted by admiration… I think she was being protective of her boss… if I’m right… the four students had information that could implicate Marie Burton in the use of an illegal drug in her research… and they were planning on talking about it to authorities… I think it was Alice that killed those four students to shut them up and protect Marie.
The chief dialed his cell phone. I need an arrest warrant for an Alice Compton… as soon possible… suspicion of murder… make arrangement to have her picked up and brought in for questioning… call me when you have it arranged. He ended his call and turned to Berry. I’m not sure how you figured all this mess out but I’m glad you are on our side. Berry smiled. He was thinking that his arrangement with the department had turned out to be a GREAT relationship after all. 
One last detail had to be worked out. Rensillere was not going to be easy to bring into custody. He was a secretive man… with secretive movements. It was going to be hard to track him down and bring him in… if he found out about their plans to arrest him, he could just disappear and they would never be able to get their hands on him again. Berry had an idea… one that might work, but he really didn’t like it very well. It could but Dianne in danger… but he knew they were desperate to get it done, and his plan just might accomplish it. 
I know we have all been thinking the same think… how can we get Rensillere without him taking off. I have an idea that might bring Rensillere to us. Chief, your know Dianne Cummings from the Law and Order Institute… well I think she might be able to help us get Rensillere without a lot of fuss. 
She found out that he has been using the institute to gather information for himself. He placed an insider working there to keep an eye on things and pass along anything they might find out. I am thinking that if Dianne contacts him… tells him she has discovered some important information about his involvement there… he might be willing to meet with her to see what she knows. If it works, she can set a time and place where we can be ready to take him in when he arrives. It depend on how hungry he is for information that could expose his plans… my guess is that he will jump at the chance… it should be safe for her… I don’t think he is much of a threat of violence himself… it’s the people he has working for him. If we can take him down then, it could save us some trouble… and not cause Dianne a lot of trouble… once he is in custody she should be safe… I think it’s worth a shot.
The chief was enthusiastic about Berry’s idea… you might be right… I was wondering how we could get to him without having to deal with all his hired hands… it sounds like you have thought this out a bit… and I think you might be right… it just might work.
…
While the Chief’s men were rounding up Alice and bringing her in for questioning, Berry went to talk with Dianne. He told her what they were planning and that she didn’t have to do it if she felt uncomfortable with the idea… but Dianne was more than willing to help. She felt that Rensillere had invaded her domain and the least she could do was help them get him out of her business. With her cooperation the plan was set, and it was almost time to spring the trap.
When she returned to her office she picked up the phone and called the person she knew was his spy at the institute… I am aware of the person you are working for… I know that Mr. Rensillere is the one that gave us the endowment to continue our work here. Please tell him that if he wants to continue working with this institute then I need to talk with him as soon as possible… otherwise, you can pack you things and leave now. There was no response from the other end of the phone conversation. Do you understand what I am telling you? Finally he responded to her threat. I will talk with him and see if he wants to talk with you… and with that he hung up.
Dianne though it could take a while for his informant to contact him and for him to get back to her. It had only been about 20 minutes when her phone rang. Dianne Cummings, how can I help you?
You can start by not threatening my people. It was Agustus Rensillere. The communications of her desire to meet with him had been much quicker than she expected. I’m not threatening anyone… I am just stating a fact… I don’t like it when I am being spied on… I know your money has been a great help to us, but I need to talk with you about our arrangement. Can you meet me to discuss it?
Where did you have in mind?
There’s this small deli I go to a lot… it’s has some pretty private booths where we can talk… how about meeting me there?
I would be willing to do that. Rensillere WAS hungry for information… he was hoping Dianne might know something that could give him an edge… Say around 1:30… is that good for you?
I can be there whenever you want… then 1:30 it is.
Berry’s plan was working perfectly… it looked like they were going to get their man… and it was about time as far as the Chief was concerned. When Berry told the Chief about the arrangement Dianne had made, the Chief put together a plan to surprise Rensillere and bring him down for good.
…
When Alice was located and brought in for questioning, it only took about 20 minutes for her to spill her guts. Once they told her they suspected Marie, Alice was quick to set the record straight and they discovered that Berry was right. She had taken some of the LSD Marie was using in her research and had introduced it into the students blood stream using the universal solvent. Once they were under the influence of the drug, she use what she had learned from Marie to coax them into actions that eventually lead them to take their own life… it wasn’t that hard for her… she had gained a strong influence from Marie, and over the year she learn many of Marie’s tactics for getting people to do things against their will… only in this case it was much easier with the drug in their systems. She had led them to their own deaths in order to cover up for Marie’s research. When they took her down to her cell, all she kept saying was I did it for her… I did it for her.
…
When Rensillere arrived to meet Dianne, Berry was there waiting with Dave and several undercover officers from the department. Berry wasn’t sure if Rensillere had made plans to get rid of Dianne, and he wanted to make sure everything went as planned. His concern was unwarranted. When Rensillere arrived in his limo five officers scurried up and proceeded to take him into custody. After they removed him from the limo, Dave strolled up to them and began to read him his rights… it had all gone like Berry had planned… no mess… no excitement… and most of all no violence… that had taken down one of the most powerful men in the country without firing a shot.
…
After the arrest Berry escorted Dianne out of the Deli and got into her car with her. I have something here I think you will like… that is if you can take some time off. He held up an envelope and waved it in front of her… what I have here is two round trip tickets to Bermuda… you have won an all expense paid trip for two weeks to the beautiful isle of Bermuda… you will stay at a high class hotel… you will have all the food and drink you want… and you will have fun in the sun… what do you say? … wantta go for a trip?
Dianne leaned over and gave Berry a lip smacking kiss… her answer was obvious… they were going to have some fun for a change… and this time Berry was paying for it all!
###

Connect with the author online:
Smashwords: http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/daviddilley
Blog: http://onemoreeverydayamerican.blogspot.com/
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/davedilley

