Resident Fear



Hylton H Smith
Published by Promethean
Copyright by Hylton H Smith 2012
Smashwords Edition


 
No part of this book may be reproduced or transmitted in any form or by any means, graphic, electronic, or mechanical, including photocopying, recording, taping or by any information storage or retrieval system, without the permission in writing from the publisher,
Promethean
This is a work of fiction. Names, characters and incidents are products of the author's imagination. Any resemblance to persons living or dead is entirely coincidental.
The views expressed in this work are solely those of the author and do not necessarily reflect the views of the publisher, and the publisher hereby disclaims any responsibility for them.
Chapter 1
Monday November 5th 2018

Jack Renton checked his watch and reflected on the absurdity of the situation. The smell of fireworks was still in the air from Sunday night. He was looking at potential fireworks of a different kind. The Angel of the North was once a revered iconic landmark, a welcome to the world from the Northeast of England. It was no longer a safe location, even in daylight. Today, at 5.47 am, it was unusually crowded, particularly with police vehicles and personnel. Renton was never at his best in the early hours, but this incident had already ascended to the top of his Monday morning workload, and would likely remain there for many Mondays to come. His resigned demeanour wasn’t directly linked to the process of identification of the body. Everyone knew Alistair Banks, a wealthy industrialist who had continually sought confrontation with the purveyors of institutional red-tape. He was seen by the populace as a vigilante for the cause of the individual, whereas the establishment was openly hostile toward him, and would not be disappointed to see his empire crumble. As Renton waited impatiently for the Medical Examiner, he was already pretty sure the location of the body had been carefully selected, and that the killing had taken place elsewhere. The Angel would answer the prayers of the killer, ensuring that discovery would be quick and act as some kind of announcement.
*
In the years immediately after the break-up of the Eurozone and its single currency in 2015, events had gathered pace. As Britain pushed for the repatriation of more powers, the government drastically underestimated the antagonism toward their new genetic mapping system, which became the detonator for massive civil unrest. The European Union harnessed the public protest, and threatened expulsion of the United Kingdom, unless all intent to implement the database, and its potentially manipulative social engineering capability, was abandoned. 2016 ended without resolution of the issue. The threat of expulsion had been considered by the British government to be no different to the years of bankrupt dogma which characterised the Brussels administration. The shock which reverberated throughout the world, when the axe fell, brought the word ‘abandoned’ into sharp focus. The British Prime Minister was forced to declare that the offending implementation had indeed been abandoned, albeit after the deadline. This was dissected by the media and re-spun as having achieved the government desire to actually force the expulsion. The soap opera split public opinion so radically that riots became commonplace. By 2018 the landscape in the United Kingdom had altered beyond recognition, thus providing scope for the Genetic Profile Directory to disappear.
*
The incident scene continued to attract officials, journalists, and members of the public. The hastily erected exclusion zone was not going to work, and Jack Renton conceded to calling for assistance from headquarters in Durham. With the top brass still in slumber he had to convince the duty officer of his identity by asking him to call his boss. 
“You’ll regret your ‘rule book’ attitude if the media decide to crucify the force because your tardiness results in compromise of the crime scene. I’ve sent you a message to confirm you were alerted at 6.23. Check it for yourself Thompson, but for Christ’s sake get back-up out here now.” He turned to Ben Adams, his detective sergeant, and discharged a tirade of profanities in the general direction of the Three Rivers Force. Adams had heard it all before and drew Renton’s attention to a young uniformed officer who had cordoned off a section of the site behind the towering sculpture. The lightest of snow coverings had made it easy to see the tyre tracks in the half-light. All of the other fresh marks were to the front and side of the Angel, and were accounted for by the vehicles currently assembled. It was important to get photographic records of these tracks before the approaching sunrise melted them. Renton glanced in the direction of approach the vehicle should have taken, but there was no evidence of any further tread marks. He told Adams to surround the immediate area with the police cars until back-up arrived, and then he spoke to the young officer. 
“This is important. What’s your name son?” 
“Harrison Sir.” Renton tapped his temple with his forefinger and whispered, “Good work, now keep everyone away from here until I tell you otherwise.”
As D.C.I. Renton raged about the Medical Examiner’s non-appearance, he gazed skyward and contemplated the silhouette of the rear of the iconic yet foreboding creation – an angel whose guardian wings were disproportionately elegant, and strangely complemented the subtlety of the accumulated rust. He recalled the unveiling all those years ago, when many questioned the concept of not painting the gigantic steel structure. He could not visualise the new hierarchy of law enforcement, imposed after the EU exit, enjoying the same growth of respect in the future. Centralisation of policy had been deemed necessary after the failure to quell organised rioting. This was reflected in the major regions of the UK, and the distillate in the northeast was that Cleveland, Durham and Northumbria forces were steamrollered into one unit, which was tagged as ‘Three Rivers’ – Tees, Tyne and Wear. Concessions to local decision-making saw a division in city and rural autonomy. He had no doubts that dual standards would be the legacy of such ill-considered policy. The slow homogenous growth of the rusty dermis of the Angel seemed to grate with the dichotomous policing structure in which he was now marooned. He snapped out of his self-indulgence with a shake of the head as the Medical Examiner arrived. 
“Glad you could make it; did you find a suitable place to park your bicycle?” Gregory Watson had grown resistant to the abrasive nature of Renton, and did not rise to the bait, merely replying by answering all of the usual questions with one statement. 
“All will be revealed as it becomes known Jack, why the two tents?” Renton pointed to the nearest and said, “That one has the body and is for both you and forensics. The other is covering simple tyre tracks and is only for forensics. We don’t want you to muddy the water any more than you have to.” 
Watson had already been informed of the deceased’s identity and was unusually apprehensive. They were both members of Concord golf club, and had sometimes played for the team in competitive matches.
On exiting the first tent Watson hailed Renton and quietly suggested that they should talk in his car. 
“I hope I’m not going to regret saying this Jack, as I need to back it up with tests in the mortuary, but I am almost certain the wounds he suffered to the head were inflicted after he died.” Renton was unusually quiet, and Watson shrugged his shoulders.
 “Very well then, forget I said it, you will get the full report as soon as I can get through the post-mortem.” Renton eventually reacted.
 “No, no, er sorry Greg, I was just thinking how your hunch fits with mine and the isolated tyre marks over there. There’s something about this scene which seems to be delivering a statement, or a message, or a threat – but to whom?” Watson said he would return to science and leave the guesswork to those best equipped for the task. Renton’s years of experience overtook his early speculation and he wanted to speak with forensics before returning to his Newcastle office. Although he knew that Alistair Banks’ wife would have been informed already, he did not expect her to arrive at the site so quickly.
Vivienne Banks was verging on hysteria and Renton failed to reason with her. 
“Mrs Banks you must understand that we have to protect the crime scene, so that our investigation is not hampered by loss of salient information. Forensic experts must declare the situation clear before anyone, including me, can be allowed into the restricted area. Once the body is transported to the morgue I’ll personally accompany you to identify your husband. I do realise how difficult this must be for you, but it is being treated as homicide, and we must protect the integrity of the evidence. I’m very sorry for your loss and assure you that we will move things along with as much urgency as possible.”
 She stared blankly at him as she used her mobile to contact the family solicitor. It was as if she had heard nothing Renton had said. She got even more frustrated when Richard Doyle reiterated most of Renton’s plea. She insisted that he get to the scene and ‘sort out’ the over-officious people who were denying her right to see her husband. She ended the call before Doyle could respond. 
*
Vivienne Banks had a somewhat mysterious past. The daughter of one of the barons of the Colony, she had been spirited away to a Swiss education early in life. This considerable undertaking by her parents, in both organisational and financial terms had not prevented her from courting notoriety, thus negating the primary objective of her father. Peter Beresford had subsequently acquired his fortune, and had been in prime position to take advantage of the riot culture. The stretching of police resources during that period left an opening for all manner of activity, including assisting the authorities by organised but unlawful intervention. Many rioters were injured, killed or simply went missing. The government and police had to condemn this counter-riot campaign, but privately were relieved, as they would not have otherwise prevailed. The general population reflected the fear which accompanied these riots, as they mutated from protest to indiscriminate anarchical brutality, with no concern for the many innocent casualties of their actions. Beresford had been the head of a national security organisation, which was outsourced by government to help plug a gaping hole in the policing of ‘street crime’. The police force was straitjacketed by political correctness and human rights of the criminals. Beresford surrendered his government contracts and gradually morphed his business into a modified form of protection – this sceptered isle’s version of the Mafia. 
As his technology was increasingly complemented by capability to issue threat, the riots began to subside. He was however not alone. All over the country the police were thought to be complicit with their blind-eye stance, and Whitehall promised that with the exit from the EU, that political correctness would at last begin to wither on the vine, and the human rights act would become as anonymous as other casualties, such as rioters. It was easy to say this but time would tell. The titanic struggle, or ‘turf war’ was utterly ruthless, but was eventually settled by Beresford and two other barons, who displaced their London equivalents from the apex of power.
 The regions controlled by Liverpool, Manchester and Birmingham prevailed and became the singular entity known as the Colony. The Three Rivers region was typical of many others around the country, in their tenuous, unofficial association with the Colony. The police force and local government managed to forge ‘understandings’ with one another, and further extended these to the regional arm of the Colony. All such ‘handshakes’ were underpinned by the declaration of a desire to restore society to its former democratic foundation. They also knew this would never happen.
 It had been a suitably ostentatious celebrity wedding, even though Alistair Banks apparently operated outside the influence of the Colony. Beresford attended the wedding despite the fact that he did not approve of his daughter’s matrimonial choice. This was a meticulously planned operation in itself, as he had survived numerous attempts of erasure. Since those days he lived permanently on a ludicrously expensive and technically equipped ocean-going yacht. The wedding ceremony was conducted on the island of Santorini, and the final leg of his journey was appropriately dramatic, being lowered from his private helicopter. As he was paying for the extravaganza, he had considerable input on the where, when and who variables in the equation of risk. He tolerated Alistair Banks, no more.
*
While the new widow was pacing around his office, Renton had to take a call from Durham. He knew it would come. Bernard Cousins was often described by Sergeant Adams as ‘the respectable face of evil’. Cousins, as head of the Three Rivers Police Authority was extremely unsettled by the rate at which the news of Banks’ death had been churned into a media frenzy, and already posed questions about possible connections with organised crime.
“Jack, you have the back-up requested and I’ve taken appropriate action with that retard, Thompson, who obstructed your request to be put directly through to me. What I want to know now is - do you need more operational assistance? I can have people from Sunderland and Middlesbrough seconded to your command. We need to get this put to bed quickly.”
Renton had considered quitting many times, but most of these reflections had been for personal reasons. He hardly ever saw his son, and always became disoriented when he told him of another ‘boyfriend’ of his ex-wife arriving on the scene. This was different, he now saw himself as a collaborator with the new order, and he despised himself for the self-pitying inertia into which he had drifted. Someday he would do something about it. This was not the time.
 “Thank you Sir, but I’d like to defer bringing in more people until we have a better informed picture from Greg Watson’s post-mortem and forensic first sweep. I know that the media are ready to pounce if we screw up, but there’s something which does not add up here. Please give me twenty-four hours to deliver a clear direction of enquiry and then re-visit the resource we need. I’m also aware of the involvement of the locals. The rural boys are challenging jurisdiction, as the location of the scene would not normally justify urban involvement. It’s fortunate that I have good relations with these boys, and I want to keep them in the loop in an appropriate manner, as opposed to having to fight with them at every turn. They trust me, and therefore my judgement that they would soon have to pass this up the line. I don’t want to let the case evidence widen any further than it has to at this stage. Can you give me twenty-four hours?” He was gambling on this being acceptable, as he believed any reinforcements from Sunderland and Middlesbrough would be moles for Cousins.
Jack Renton was too young to retire, but knew nothing other than police work. At forty-three his life was a mess. Stuck between ignoring potential corruption and leading a team of honest officers, he felt trapped. Cousins granted his one day respite. Vivienne Banks could not remain seated when he returned to his office. She continued to pace back and forth as she answered his questions. 
“When did you last see your husband?” 
She glared at him and shouted, “Friday, before he left for London.” Renton expressed surprise. 
“He went to London on Friday?” Her exasperation heightened as she banged the desk with her fists.
 “No, he left early on Saturday, with friends he had at the house when I came home on Friday evening. They were going to watch their stupid football team play down there. When he has these cretins to the house they always get hammered, doss down in the early hours, and leave for the airport after about two hours sleep. I went to bed and didn’t see them leave on Saturday.” 
Renton asked which airline he had used. She almost collapsed with laughter, and her voice was laden with sarcasm. “He uses his own plane, but surely you knew that – he has been in the newspapers more than the Prime Minister. It should be easy for you to check.”
He did so and got confirmation that he was accompanied by four other men. He asked Adams to check with Arsenal Football Club to see if they had any way of confirming whether Banks had been at the match against Newcastle. Returning to the office he asked Vivienne if her husband had contacted her from London. 
“Yes, we had an argument – he told me he would be staying the night in the Capital because the team had played well. I lost my temper because he left me to cancel a dinner with two of our friends.”
“And when did he come back?”
“I don’t know because I got inebriated on Saturday night. I went to bed and did not wake up until Sunday afternoon. He hadn’t made contact again by then and when I rang his mobile I got the unobtainable sound. After a long day trying to keep my lunch down, I went for a walk for some fresh air. I had an early night, about nine o’clock I think, because I assumed the bastard was in town getting loaded again. The next thing I knew, one of your officers was at the door.” Her mood had turned from confrontational to tearful, and Renton’s questioning was interrupted by his phone ringing. 
“Jack, Greg here, we have just got the body in and I am about to get started, but one of my assistants has confirmed by instrumentation that he’s been dead for at least thirty-six hours. I will know more by tomorrow morning.” 
“Wait,” said Renton, “I need Mrs Banks to identify the body, so I’d like to come now. I want to run a timeline past you before I speak to Cousins again; he’s already on my case.”
Watson detected uncharacteristic anxiety in Renton’s voice and agreed. Before he left for the morgue he asked Adams to detail someone to check any last will and testament Alistair Banks had made, and to ask for media help to trace the mystery vehicle which left the isolated tracks. 
*
The man who found the body had been working nightshift when he felt ill, and his supervisor had sent him home. His recollection of the scene, other than the corpse, was sketchy at best. He vaguely remembered another person walking ahead of him on a path which was peripheral to the monument. He thought the person had a dog with them, and considered it a strange time of night to walk a pet. He had a raging fever, and when he stumbled across the body he believed he was hallucinating. Without a mobile phone, he scrambled up the grassy slope and tried to run the rest of the way home. He frantically rifled through his pockets for his keys but dropped them, and he banged on the door. His wife was quite naturally alarmed to see him in such a frenzied state. It was another five minutes or so before he convinced her to call the police. Only then did she ask him how he had managed to get home from where he worked in Birtley.
 “Somebody gave me a lift, one of the electricians I think. The supervisor persuaded me not to attempt to drive. The man who brought me home didn’t know the area too well and I told him to let me off at the Angel, and I would walk the rest.”
Ben Adams wanted to speak with Andy Johnson again, as the initial report from uniform had not pursued the possible sighting of another witness. He did not have high hopes that the public would respond to Renton’s plea through the media. People would know about Banks and Beresford, their openly declared hostility toward each other, and what might be the consequences of stepping forward to help the police.
*
Vivienne Banks amazed Renton. She had been so irrational in her demands to see the body, and now she stood there, emotionless. She finally nodded her head without taking her eyes off the corpse. When asked if she needed some time alone with her husband, she reverted to norm and declined.
 “I’ve already spent more than enough time alone with him.” She walked out of the examination room without another word. Renton let her go and turned to Watson.
 “She insists that he and four of his cronies were on a piss-up football weekend in London. He was supposed to come back on Saturday evening, but the Toon played so well they intended to have another bender, and planned to return on Sunday. How does that fit with your time of death? The M.O. engaged in a quick mental arithmetic subtraction.
 “I know you said I was not to muddy the waters, but this cannot be helped. His body was discovered at approximately 4.50 am, you were there shortly before six. However if I go back thirty-six hours from our test at 2.05 pm, we are talking mortality at or before 2 am Sunday morning. That being the case, he either had a very short sleep on Saturday night, and travelled home to be murdered, or he met his fate down south. Can you verify her story?”
Renton shook his head. “I’ve yet to check it out. He apparently used his own aircraft, so I’ll start with the pilot and air traffic control. Presumably the other members of the party will still be alive, although she only assumed those with him on Friday night at the house were the same as the ones on the alleged football trip. She claimed she had a call from his mobile to tell her they were staying over on Saturday night. I need to call forensics to check whether they have his phone. She also claims she rang him several times after that and only got the unobtainable tone.” Just as he was about to make the call his phone rang. It was his office.
“D.C. Baker here Sir, I’ve had someone confirm Banks attendance at the Emirates Stadium on Saturday.” He told Stephanie Baker to continue.
 “He was a guest of a person who had a corporate box at the ground, a Mr Angus Wilson. There’s also a purchase against his Visa card for champagne.” He passed this on to Watson and headed off to speak to forensics rather than use the phone.
Chapter 2

Ben Adams had been kept waiting by the Banks’ solicitor Richard Doyle. When he was finally informed that he could enter the office, with its typically traditional furnishings and a panoramic view of the river Tyne, he politely but sarcastically thanked the secretary. The old iconic bridge on which the Great North Run hordes massed every year, and the more recent addition, the retractable, crescent-shaped Millenium Bridge, provided an impressive frame for the picture. On the opposite side of the river, the now famous Baltic art gallery added a reminder of past industry alongside the glittering Sage auditorium. He instantly realised what had caused the hold-up. Vivienne Banks had not taken long to check on the will. She stopped, implied with a long stare that he should stand aside to accommodate her appropriately dramatic exit.
 “Let’s get straight to the point Mr Doyle. It’s a murder enquiry, so save the bullshit about confidentiality, we need to know who the beneficiaries of his rather obscene fortune are. Would you like to begin?” 
“Certainly, as you may be aware they have no children. His assets pass to his wife, if you can classify debt as an asset.” Adams asked him to go on. “He updated his will just over a week ago. Not the named beneficiary, but references to the safekeeping of his industrial operation. Vivienne, sorry, Mrs Banks neither has the capability nor the desire to run the conglomerate. She understood his reluctance to let this somehow fall into the hands of her father. What we cannot understand is the complete liquidation of his funds. She gets the house, which he has just re-mortgaged. The healthy balance he had in an investment portfolio was withdrawn before the will was updated, and we don’t know at this time where the money has gone.”
“How much are we talking about?”
“Over sixty-five million.”
“Not chicken-feed then.”
“Detective, I am just as interested as you are to find out how this has evaporated, and to where, but I can say right now that Mrs Banks knew about the updating of the will and remained as the executor. She does not need the money, as I am sure you are aware, ‘Daddy’s’ fortune dwarfs that of Banks, and she will always get whatever she wants from that source. She seems unconcerned.” Adams got up to leave.
 “We may both be interested in where the money has gone Doyle, but I can’t imagine your curiosity extends to how this could be linked to his death. He got one past you and that won’t go down well for your reputation. I will be back to see you, and I won’t wait around in reception for an hour. I’d like you to deposit a statement of what you have just told me, and what was discussed between you and the disenfranchised widow in that hour. I will call you.”
*
Clive Donoghue had only recently ascended to head up forensics for the Three Rivers region and had yet to earn the full respect of that accorded to his retired predecessor. That challenge would be stiffened by his appointment coming with the hint of an endorsement by the Chief Executive of the regional government administration, Monica Armstrong. Rumour had it that she was convinced of his suitability by an unknown figure in the Colony. It was never questioned. Renton was also trying to establish a similar relationship with Donoghue, to the one he enjoyed with Gregory Watson.
 “I apologise for the flying visit Clive, but Cousins is keenly interested in this case for obvious reasons and he wants a briefing from me tomorrow. Is there anything to report yet?” Donoghue had the annoying habit of swivelling in his chair while talking.
 “Not really. He had money on him, the usual credit cards, and at this early stage we have not had any ‘eureka’ hits, but that is not so worrying, we have confidence that we’ll find fibres or traces of stuff which will begin the story.”
“What about his mobile?”
“I am told there was no phone at the scene, and he did not have one on his person before Watson took the body away. That is quite unusual, I must admit.” Renton asked to be kept up to date.
*
Adams left the solicitor’s Quayside customer car park, crossed the more westerly Redheugh Bridge, and descended on to the western bypass. Leaving the motorway at the Washington slip road, he let his GPS system guide him to Andy Johnson’s address. The doctor was in attendance and had diagnosed food poisoning. Mrs Johnson hurried off to pick up the prescription at the Metro Centre supermarket pharmacy. 
“Andy, do you feel up to going over the events of this morning again? It won’t take long and could be very important.”
“Ok, but I was really out of it even before I saw the body. That vision just flipped me over the top.”
Adams reassured him that he was not going to revisit the moment of realisation that he had discovered a corpse. “I’m more interested in the person you saw walking the dog. You said you weren’t sure whether it was a man or a woman, why was that?”
“Well, they were wearing a top with a hood, and had their back to me.”
“What colour was it, the hooded top?”
“I’m not really sure, but it wasn’t dark. In the artificial light it looked yellow or orange, could have even been red.”
“Was the person going your way?”
“No, he was heading to the joining footpath, I was going to the left, but seeing the body changed all that. When I realised exactly what was lying in front of me, I looked up for the dog walker but he had gone out of sight.”
“You said ‘he’ Andy, why was that?”
“Did I? Shit, I don’t know why, I’m really not sure.”
“Don’t worry, this often happens, when people are concentrating on another aspect of recalling a scene they can suddenly ascribe clarity to something they could not earlier. Well that could be helpful; I’ll come back when you are feeling better.”
“Right, there’s one thing I am sure about though. The other officer didn’t ask, but I’m a dog lover myself as you can see by my two Boxers there. His dog, there I go again, it must have been a man, was a very rare breed, especially here in the north.”
“Really, go on.”
“It was an Akita, a Spitz breed, originating in the mountains of Japan. They are beautiful animals. I’m surprised I haven’t seen it before, although if that’s its normal walking time I suppose I wouldn’t anyway.”
“And he shouldn’t live too far away. Thanks Andy, I hope you get well soon.”
This was good news for Renton and he immediately asked the local radio stations to broadcast the interest the police had in speaking to this dog owner. Meanwhile Stephanie Baker had followed up Banks’ recent credit card transaction history, as it was a joint facility with his wife. A slow smile betrayed Renton’s delight. Vivienne Banks had purchased a slap-up lunch at an extremely upmarket country hotel on the Friday Banks was entertaining his cronies before leaving for London. 
“That’s not all Sir, she stayed the night, and paid the bill, but it was booked in the name of Richard Doyle.”
“Well, well, well, they must be really good friends Stephanie, well done. Keep this to yourself for now.” Renton decided Mrs Banks would be a better bet and rang the home number. It was re-directed to her mobile. 
“Viv Banks, hello…”
“It’s D.C.I. Renton, I wondered if you would like to tell me about what you really did on Friday night. Not on the phone, I’ll pick you up, and please don’t try to get in touch with Doyle, that would only make me more suspicious. Where can I collect you?”
“I don’t need to ring him Detective, he is right here.” Before he could reply Doyle grabbed her mobile.
 “Renton this amounts to harassment, we have cooperated fully and Vivienne needs support, the kind she is not getting from you. So, if you will kindl….”
“Have it your way Mr Doyle. Please report to the station immediately. I wanted to save you this embarrassment but your attitude tells me I’m wasting my time treading so carefully around your sensitivities.”
“Are you serious man, it is almost 9pm, can’t it wait until tomorrow?”
“No, I’ll give you one more chance. Where are you?”
“Very well, we are at a bistro in Jesmond, I live just around the corner. Do you need my address?”
“We have it on file. I’ll be there in fifteen minutes.” Renton asked Stephanie Baker if she wanted to go home. She declined. The prospect of a juicy interview with Vivienne Banks was irresistible. Renton needed a witness to what could be the revelation of crucial information. It would be more interesting than continuing to chase down the other names on the flight manifest. It did occur to her that it was strange that they had not contacted the police themselves.
*
Adams had just got home and settled down to his evening ready meal for one. The phone rang. It was the local station, and they had been questioning a man who claimed he had been walking in the area of the Angel in the early hours. It turned out to be the dog walker. Adams laughed.
 “Was it because of Renton’s radio appeal? I wouldn’t have expected such a quick response.” The reply was better news for Adams.
 “No, he’d heard about the incident just like everyone else and thought he should tell us he had seen something strange on his outward walk, before the body was discovered. Do you want to speak with him yourself?”
“You bet I do, ask him to wait, I won’t be long.” When he spoke to the young man he confirmed that he was the owner of the Akita. This was his normal walk time, as he did not want the dog to have attention from strangers. 
“I’m on the dole, always have been like, and I’d rather gan oot when it’s dark and quiet ye knaa. I can hoy things for Fang when he’s off the leader.”
Adams told him that he was seen by the person who had actually discovered the body, and asked if he had noticed this person. 
“Na, I saw the car though, was it his?”
“Where exactly did you see the car?”
“At the back of the statue, wey a bit back from the statue like. It was gettin’ pulled up the slope by the crane, but it was gone when me and Fang came back.”
“Let me get this right Jimmy, you saw a crane lifting a car behind the Angel. Didn’t you think that was very strange?”
“Wey aye, but the bloke came up to us, me and Fang, and told us to keep oot the way cos it was dangerous. He made us gan aroond the path instead of cuttin’ across the grass like. He said the car would be chucked away, ye knaa, dumped.”
“Did you remember any details about the vehicle?”
“Aye, it was blue. It was one o’ them Italian jobs, er an Alfa Romeo Spyder I think. I didn’t get the whole number like, just the last part. It was an ’05 plate, but the funny thing was the last three letters were PUP, just like Fang. I think that’s why I forgot the first letters.”
“Right Jimmy, I want you to make a full statement to the officer here, and we’ll need to see you again. Can you remember anything about the crane man who directed you and Fang to the path? You know - what he looked like, or even what name was on the crane?”
“Not the crane, and he was wearin’ a hard hat like, but he had a grey tash and a lump above it, at the side of his nose, a bit like one ye get from bumpin’ ya heed hard against the wall, ye knaa.”
Adams thanked the young man and left, acknowledging the favour the local officer had done for him. “I owe you one Fred, maybe at the Xmas party!”
*
Vivienne Banks was seriously inebriated and unconcerned by Renton’s appearance, in sharp contrast to Doyle, who was decidedly nervous. The top floor apartment was the antithesis to his office – minimalist and bright. Modern art hung sporadically on the otherwise pristine walls. The log fire looked absolutely real, but wasn’t. 
“Chief Inspector, would you like a coffee, I won’t encourage you to drink on duty, or is this off the record?” 
Vivienne poured herself another large glass of wine and Renton remarked, “No, I’m afraid it is official, I’m sorry to intrude on what appears to be some kind of celebration, but I need to clarify something with you.”
 He introduced Stephanie and said she would take notes if they felt the truth was not being offered. They were asked to sit, and chose the vacant sofa opposite the two interviewees. 
“Let’s begin with you Mr Doyle; are you able to tell me where you were on Friday evening?” He knew they would have discussed his assertion that Vivienne had lied when he had first questioned her. 
“Why would I have to account for my whereabouts? I am a solicitor, and I know how these things go. If you have highly specific questions I will consider my response, but I will not engage in this kind of charade.” 
“Suit yourself. We’ve got evidence that you actually spent the night at the same country hotel as Mrs Banks. The room was reserved in your name only, but she made a transaction during the evening, and curiously paid for your room on Saturday morning. The hotel staff confirmed that you breakfasted together. I need to know why Mrs Banks told me she spent the night at home. I’ll ask her directly in a moment, but I thought you, as her solicitor, may want to set an example for her, by giving an accurate account of the events of Friday night.”
“I see. Well, there is nothing to hide. I can only imagine that she thought it would appear strange that she was in a hotel with another man, and never saw her husband again until she was informed of his suspicious death. Although it was naïve, I can understand why she felt she should not disclose our meeting, especially as he had just altered his will. Do you have more specific questions?” Renton asked Stephanie to put down her notepad.
“I do, but first I must ask you to confirm you both stayed overnight at the hotel, and neither of you were able to verify how many associates Mr Banks entertained at his house that night, or indeed who they were.” Vivienne was about to reply when Doyle cut her off.
“That is correct, and before you ask if we shared the same room, the answer is in the affirmative. However, we did not share the same bed. I am of the alternate persuasion, or to put it another way – she is not my type. The hotel in question has many rooms with two king-size double beds. You can verify ours was one such room. I am sure you are going to ask why we met there, so let us get to the point. The marital relationship was already on the rocks and yet they wanted to avoid a messy divorce. That is very important when your father is Peter Beresford. It becomes even more important when Banks was intending to move his business to Germany, and take residence there. His Bio-Engineering division is quite a stellar operation. He had received a lot of government funding for this in the beginning, and this ‘defection’ is seen as extremely disloyal by many. Vivienne has never enjoyed a good relationship with her father; security of the family meant a very restricted life. She blames her father for the erosion of her relationship with Banks. Our meeting was arranged with absolute neutrality of the location as the key factor. Alistair asked me to brief Vivienne so that she could be certain that what was ordained to happen would not disadvantage her. We spent almost the entire night going over the detail. As we now know, those meticulous plans are in disarray. I am afraid this may prove to be anything but a simple killing Inspector. I will be withdrawing from the arena as soon as I can. That is what Vivienne and I were discussing over dinner. I advise you to be careful with whom you share this information. Do you have more questions?”
Vivienne Banks broke down in tears and excused herself. Renton said he may need to see all legal documentation which would corroborate Banks’ intention to relocate his business to Germany.
Chapter 3
Tuesday November 6th 2018

Amongst the complications facing the world, in its second year of depression, was the consequent rise in international tension. National governments withdrew further and further from global business and foreign policy, supplanting this outward-looking horizon by uncluttered survival strategy. One such pledge which the UK ruling class had often promised came into legislation over a year ago. Immigration was halted completely. The rationale was simple, the country could not support or feed seventy million people; the consequences however, were highly convoluted. The Islamic population felt more threatened, especially those who had already been database classified as extremists. Their EU shelter had evaporated. The Muslim Shield had been born. It was an organisation which now concentrated its energy on actual survival as well as financial survival. This mission did include getting government-targeted individuals safely out of the country.
The Chinese population had always managed to blend into the Christian society while building their own enclaves within it. Mutual respect was still strong. However, certain grievances now came to light about the way Muslim extremists had taken advantage of the ‘Shelter of Brussels’ during the last two decades. The Chinese communities had silently suffered in several city centres more than anyone realised. It was payback time, and typically they would take care of it themselves.
The reversal in the trend of Polish immigration during this same period had stabilised, and pockets of those who had acquired and practiced British citizenship within the spirit of its culture, began to contribute to the retribution. If nothing else was to be learned from the mistakes of the past twenty years, there was at least more acute awareness that no immigrant community had ever had it easy, and it was about to get much worse. The source of ignition for an interracial firestorm was the currently debated next step in the Immigration bill. Having effectively blocked all further migration to British shores, other than exceptional cases deemed essential to the reviving technology initiative, the thorny problem of extradition was being outlined. 
The fear was that people’s fate would be determined by statistics, and not how they had contributed in the time they had lived in the country. The Prime Minister was undeterred. Patrick Carlyle was riding on the strength of the landslide majority which brought him into power in 2016. His cabinet believed the opportunity may never come again, even though many of their own back-bench members of parliament urged caution. It was estimated that over ninety percent of moderate Muslims were in favour of deporting convicted extremists, but they feared the spectre of stereotyping. The Chinese and Polish communities had concerns about precisely the opposite; they wanted assurances that willingness to learn the language, respecting the culture, and lack of protest activity would count in their favour. They repeatedly made the point that they had not campaigned for importation of sectarian law such as Sharia, or preached hatred against the Infidel. In a nutshell, they would have been happy to be judged as communities, because they suspected there may be orchestrated levelling of the playing field. The Muslim Shield majored on getting vulnerable members out of the country on their terms rather than those of the government. The issue of where and how extradition by either method would be viewed by the receiving nation had not figured prominently so far in the government blueprint.
*
Jack Renton hated the drive from Newcastle to Durham, not the journey itself, rather the reason for it. County Hall conveniently housed regional government officers and police, but only the big hitters, and their considerable administration staff. Renton’s day could have started better. He could see Monica Armstrong already seated in Bernard Cousin’s office. He would normally have proceeded straight to business but on this occasion he decided to linger over coffee and allow the small talk to take its course. He wanted to know why she was there without actually asking. Cousins eventually guided the chat away from weekend TV to the demise of Alistair Banks.
 “Right Jack, we are eager to hear what you have so far. Monica has been asked to attend the briefing because it is such a high profile case and she may be able to assist if certain circumstances arise. We don’t know what these may be, we just need to have all bases covered by having response capability primed - law enforcement, civil or even military, if that proves necessary.”
“Jesus, do you know something I don’t? This sounds like we’re preparing for war.”
Monica Armstrong replied while refilling her coffee mug. 
“Not really, but Alistair Banks’ business sector does sit close to the membrane of national security. There are government projects which are on-going and covered by non-disclosure documents, and we have to be sure they are not prejudiced. The best way to keep H.M. Intelligence out of our hair is to be as thorough as possible. If we have to, we may call for their involvement. They have obviously asked questions already or I wouldn’t have been asked to attend your briefing. I won’t elaborate D.C.I. Renton, but it was not Bernard who invited me to attend. Now please, can we get to the update?”
Renton was trying to digest all of this while he summarised the situation to date. He decided to take Richard Doyle’s advice and skip any speculation about Banks’ German intentions. When he finished speaking he noted different reactions from Armstrong and Cousins. 
“Ok Jack, when do you expect to find the crane and the blue car?” Before he answered Monica Armstrong distracted him by asking if Vivienne Banks was a cooperative or difficult person to interview. He responded cautiously.
 “She seems to be genuinely shocked by his death and my experience is that coming to terms with such trauma is often accompanied by frequent mood swings. She has lied once, and I think she now realises that her celebrity and wealth carry no privilege in a murder enquiry.” Monica Armstrong smiled, nodded, and left without hearing the answer to Cousin’s much more pertinent question. 
“We haven’t pinned down either the car or the crane yet, but that won’t take long. I’m more concerned at present with finding out whether Banks was killed in London or the North. If it’s the former, we may have jurisdiction issues with the Capital. That’s why I want to speak with the pilot. He’s freelance, and is only contracted to Banks for individual flights. Apparently he was airborne on another job when the news broke, but so far we’ve had no contact from him. He’s due back in Newcastle this morning and I’d like to join Ben Adams in the interview, so if you don’t mind I should be heading off. Also the post-mortem details and initial forensics report should give us more.” Cousins let him depart without asking to be constantly kept up to date, and this was at odds with his appetite for information the previous day. It struck him that Monica Armstrong seemed relaxed, and Cousins reflected her body language.
*
The pilot was waiting in his office with Adams when he returned. He seemed to be more shocked about losing a lucrative client than a fellow member of the species. When pressed for accuracy regarding the timing and detail of his flight to London, he provided exemplary documentation to confirm everything except the return flight.
 “Mr Banks called me after the game and said there would only be three passengers to take back to Newcastle. He and Mr Bowman were going to stay over. He apologised for the last minute change and said the two of them would return by train on Sunday. I was astonished to hear he had been killed and even more surprised that it happened back home.”
Adams took the lead. “Why are you so surprised that his body was discovered in Newcastle?”
“Because he said he had an unscheduled business meeting in London and would be glad of the chance to catch up on his sleep deficit on the Sunday evening sleeper train. If that’s what he did, it doesn’t leave much time for him to get himself killed outside of town.”
“His wife says she had a call from him to say all of the party was staying over in London and she expected him to fly back on Sunday. They wanted to celebrate the team’s good performance against Arsenal.” The pilot tried to resist a smile. 
“They played well and managed a draw. I suppose that’s a good performance compared with their previous results down there, they normally get battered. Then there are the three who came back with me, and they said it was a shame that Alistair, I mean Mr Banks, had to stay over. I think Mrs Banks was right about their intention to go out on the town, the three of them could hardly wait.”
“Did they all arrive at the airport together?”
“No, they had done some shopping and took taxis.”
 Renton said to Adams that he would take over and whispered, “Check out this Bowman character and I’ll press him about the others.” 
All the pilot could offer was confirmation that the police already had the correct names, and that they had all flown with him before. Renton showed him out and said that he may be in contact again. The pilot asked why they had not enquired about the briefcase. 
“What briefcase, why would he need a briefcase to go to the match if he was intending to return the same day?”
“That’s what I mean. It was his business companion, and he was never separated from it. He used to joke that it was his portable Fort Knox – impregnable. I thought it was a bit of a James Bond delusion, but he insisted that it could only be accessed by the wrong people by destroying it. Anyway he had it with him on the flight, so if you don’t have it he must have taken it on the train. Maybe Mr Bowman knows of its whereabouts. Surely he would not leave it on the train. If he had a business meeting he would have it with him”
“Thank you again Carl. We will need you to identify it if we find it.” When Adams came back into the office he invited Stephanie to explain. She cleared her throat nervously and stuttered uncharacteristically.
 “He h-has er disappeared Sir.” 
Renton waited and eventually said, “And?” 
Adams came to her assistance. “He wasn’t reported missing by his wife. We had been wondering why none of the party of three who flew back from the match responded to our calls, even if they had nothing to help us account for Banks’ movements after they split up. But you would think they would have asked about Bowman. Renton held up his hand.
 “This is not going to make me happy is it?” Stephanie Baker shook her head. 
“It is my fault Sir. Last night when we went to Richard Doyle’s apartment I tidied my desk before we left and failed to see a scribbled message from uniform that the Bowman’s house had a ‘To Let’ sign in the garden. I just found it this morning and checked with the estate agent, who said the Bowman family had moved out on Friday. They had no forwarding address.” 
Renton was philosophical and admitted that he had asked her to go with him, even though she should have been off-duty by then. 
“It gets worse Sir. I know the pilot said the two of them were supposed to be returning by sleeper train but I couldn’t get confirmation of reservations for either of them. When I thought about Mrs Banks’ strenuous assertion that her husband said he was staying over in London on Saturday night, I decided to check other possibilities. I struck lucky at Heathrow. Banks was booked on a flight to Cologne on Saturday night, but was a no-show.” 
Renton’s eyes widened and he tried to say something but Adams indicated there was more, and Stephanie continued.
 “There was no reservation on that flight for Harry Bowman, but there was for a Mrs Gertrude Bowman. Coincidences like that bother me, so I asked the lady at Heathrow to read out the entire list of names on the flight. She took some persuading but eventually complied, and it just so happens that a minor by the name of Marianne Bowman was sat next to her. And on the other side of the young girl was a Heinrich Baumann. They all made the flight.”
Renton looked hard at Stephanie Baker and knew she would have retained Richard Doyle’s disclosure about Banks’ intention to relocate his business to Germany. He was sure she would also remember his advice about this information potentially being dangerous. 
“Well if he flew out on Saturday, we couldn’t have known we needed to speak with him then. We must now speak to the other three, wherever the hell they are. They must be deliberately avoiding us as they know Banks has been murdered and probably knew before we did that Bowman has done a runner. Good work Steph. Ben, can you get along to Banks’ company and check the personnel records, especially the name Bowman? They can’t simply be friends.”
Reflecting on the German situation Renton decided to visit Doyle again, but on his own. He called D.C. Baker back into the office. 
“We haven’t made much progress with the crane or the blue car. Get some photos of different plant hire company logos and see if any of them jerk the memory of the Akita dog walker. The registration of the car seems to tie up with one reported stolen in Consett last week. If that is the case it has probably gone through a crusher already. Ask the locals to check out dismantlers and scrapyards, tell Fred I need another favour – he’ll moan but he’ll still get on with it.”
*
Despite his yacht being moored in St. Tropez, Peter Beresford was up to date. He rang one of the ‘Midwest’ barons from a public phone. The Colony hub had acquired this name because the tight-knit control emanated exclusively from the Birmingham-Manchester-Liverpool executive axis. Seth Graham was one such executive, and Eddie Finley was another, but the strings always led back to Beresford. 
“Seth, I’ll be brief. The recent loss was inevitable, enough said. I am more interested in what is happening in London today. Are we prepared for any public reaction to all possible outcomes of the meeting?” 
He was assured in code words that they were. Beresford continued, “Sounds good. Whose turn is it this time?” The reply was equally obscure but understood by the caller.
 “It is mine I guess. Don’t you ever get tired of Chinese?” This was met with enthusiasm, and Beresford ended the call.
Chapter 4

The Cabinet meeting was to be mainly focused on the Extradition blueprint, and despite efforts to keep this under wraps, it had leaked out. This provided perfect cover for Seth Graham’s contracted protestors. The Prime Minister expressed his dismay at the presence of newshounds and people parading placards. Patrick Carlyle opened the meeting and immediately handed the floor to the Home Secretary, Lawrence Morton, who distributed copies marked ‘confidential’, and he then proceeded to inform all attendees that he would collect the documents again after the subject had been discussed.
 “You will note the reminder that we agreed to have the final outline for discussion in the Commons a month from now. I have had some further input from back-benchers that we may wish to take into account, because of the as yet unexplained demise of Alistair Banks. They feel this may ultimately be portrayed as a reaction to another unexplained event – namely the disappearance of the Genetic Profile Directory. It was this, after all, which set in motion a chain of events beginning with the threat of expulsion from the EU, the actual prosecution of that threat despite a pledge of abandonment, then the escalation of protest by the Muslim Shield, the said discovery and subsequent utter despair at having to declare the database had gone missing, and finally the localised civil unrest amongst minority ethnic communities. We must also consider that this civil backlash is somewhat different to the riots attended by cross-sections of the population as a whole, even though they were also triggered by scaremongering, related not so much to the actual data released at the time, but more centred on the potential for its commercial value and exploitation if it fell into the wrong hands. 
“The thrust of the back-bench concern is that we are unable to rule out the ‘wrong hands’ now that it has fallen from our own. Looking at the numbers, we are not far away from facing defeat on a Commons vote, if more of our own abstain or go with the ‘NO’ campaign. This is a delicate balance because the opposition is totally united against the bill. There is then the question of whether we employ a three-line whip to try and force a majority. Many believe this is a matter of constitutional significance and not one of constituency preference or simple party solidarity. We must then evaluate the effect of denying a free vote of conscience, and how that may influence our own members in voting against us. It is very tricky.”
The Justice Secretary asked why they were bound to a deadline. 
“We can shelve the expediency until we know more about what has happened to the damn database.” This met with some endorsement, particularly from the Defence Secretary. 
“I agree. I know we all want this to go through but I can also see that if tensions continue to rise, people may even believe we conveniently and deliberately lost the database, fuelling concerns that it does contain sinister proposals. The gathering crowd today makes me think that the situation could easily ratchet up to a need for intervention of military personnel. That is something we must avoid.” 
Opinion was divided more evenly than the P.M. wanted to hear, but he was determined not to let this meeting descend into a preliminary ‘vote’ on whether to proceed. 
“Unless we are worried as to whether we can find some means of reassurance, for those who are fearful of innuendo that any new proposal brings, I can’t see what is gained by simply delaying the brinkmanship. Perhaps we should revert to what the hell we are doing about finding the database. If I was out there I would be worried too. Correct me if I am wrong, but unless anyone who has seen the content can remember it word for word, we don’t have a proposal to put before this Cabinet, never mind the Commons.” He turned once more to the Home Secretary.
 “Lawrence, you passed over this quickly in your introduction, and although we understand the valid back-bench knee trembles, they have to be put into context with the other concerns. Please back up a little and bring us up to date with the ‘Hunt for Red November’ - beginning with a more in-depth explanation on how it could have happened in the first place.”
Morton had anticipated this, and the potential it had to trigger his own exit. He really had no answers, and with little computer literacy, could not rule out his own department personnel. He needed forensic electronic expertise of the highest order. However, it had to be coupled with unswerving loyalty to the cause. Realising that this was likely to be his resignation speech, he gambled.
 “I fear that the efficiency with which this was accomplished, may well point to an internal breach. I therefore wish to inject a team whose reputation is beyond question. I don’t want to be misunderstood in this action, but if my own personnel are being investigated, we around this table must wait for the outcome before disclosing such an ‘audit’. I therefore would like to speak in private to the P.M. If he is not in agreement with my approach, I am prepared to offer my resignation.” 
The silence was deafening and protracted. Patrick Carlyle looked around the table without adding to Morton’s words. Slowly, one at a time, those seated rose in acknowledgement of the Home Secretary’s potential martyrdom. Carlyle finally spoke. 
“Very well, we shall adjourn this meeting with immediate effect. The status of the bill remains as is - scheduled to get its first airing in one month. If and when something of crucial significance is discovered we will reconvene to discuss the next steps.”
Rather than meet the press himself, Carlyle despatched his press officer to read out a carefully worded statement in the briefing room. She made it clear that she could not take questions, which did not go down well. 
“With the interests of national security firmly embedded at the heart of this government, the discussion planned for finessing the Extradition bill has been rearranged. The content of the proposal and the database which underpins it are not currently available. Despite urgent attempts to recover and restore the deleted files there appears to be an unforeseen technical problem, not catered for in the design and subsequent implementation. Until this is resolved there is no point in refinements being discussed which rely solely on individual memory. There will be updates on the progress of the deletion error twice per week. Thank you.”
Without having the chance to ask questions, this was interpreted by the press as a climb-down by the government. The less responsible recipients passed this on to the crowd outside in headline-only form, to create interest in the evening editions. This take caused jubilation amongst those from the Muslim Shield, and this was the spark which ignited the melee. Seth Graham’s hand-picked oriental delegation shouted abuse toward Number 10 Downing Street, and articulated their fury as yet another cave-in to extremism. What followed was predictable. The Muslim Shield had more than twice as many protestors as the Chinese, and before withdrawing, Graham’s mercenaries were forced to leave two of their number injured amongst the foe. They later died in hospital, and Graham smiled at this result, which had exceeded expectations. 
That night there were street confrontations up and down the country. The Muslim Shield took a lot of casualties, and moderate followers of Islam also paid dearly by default – a policy of hit first, talk later. In the north it was particularly fierce, with most casualties in Newcastle. The Muslim population was skewed to the West End, and was swooped upon by carefully timed Chinese raids from both urban and rural enclaves. The Muslim response targeted at the dense Stowell Street Chinese area backfired as the inhabitants chose to lock up property early and get their families out before the inferno. This early strike decision on the empty enclave left the Muslim West End open for the taking. As the communications got through to the Muslim Shield offensive, they rushed back and ran headlong into attacks from all sides. It was the worst civil unrest seen for decades.
*
Several miles to the west of Newcastle, Polish people gathered together in Consett, fearful of similar outbreaks, albeit of much smaller numbers. It did not materialise into something the police could not control, unlike Newcastle, but it was clearly reinforced that the Poles stood side by side with the Chinese. Pictures were transmitted around the world and carved everlasting shame into the minds of many families whose ancestors had been indigenous to this land for centuries. The more sinister fallout was that others were sick and tired of Muslim minorities trashing the culture in public and subsequently handled with politically correct gloves. This hardening of a long-standing grievance added to the precarious nature of the edge on which the various factions were standing.
Prior to this unravelling of society, the Prime Minister heard more detail from Morton, and it was not good news. The Home Secretary’s best analyst was certain the problem was internal. 
“Unless he is completely wrong we have to act on his report. The database, he believes, has not physically disappeared as first thought. It has been dismembered, encrypted and hidden in various places in the system. My analyst says the encryption process is highly sophisticated and he is currently considering the possibility that different protocols may have been used for each section amputated. This is puzzling because he is equally sure that the perpetrator has left subtle clues as to what has occurred. I stress that means subtle to him, they are apparently invisible to others who have been on the project. He had the foresight to come to me without telling anyone else. I am therefore recommending parachuting in the best we have in the country to check his claims, if we can swing it with H.M. Intelligence.” 
Carlyle sat with his head in his hands and muttered something which made Morton laugh out loud. 
“Or we could just take the attitude that it was all crap anyway and we have decided to move on, announcing a range of new tough laws on individuals convicted of crimes leading up to terrorism.” 
Morton suddenly realised this would have to be supported by his own departure and his facial expression froze. The P.M. continued. 
“Come on Lawrence, lighten up, that is the backstop plan. You do realise though that if we bring in Intelligence people your fate rests with them, it is better odds for you than scrapping the project right now. It would get me out of a difficult spot if I pull the plug now, but I would prefer you to pull something out of the hat.”
*
As Renton set off to see Richard Doyle at his office, he took a call from the morgue.
 “Go ahead Greg, I’m pulling over.”
“The wounds were indeed administered after death. We found a couple of needle marks which tie up with a massive amount of insulin in his body; that is what killed him. He also had heavy doses of strong sedative present. It looks like he was sedated some time before the insulin was delivered, as there is partial breakdown of the sedation drug. Forensics took some samples so you will have to ask them directly about that. I’ve yet to come up with a plausible explanation as to why his neck was broken so I’ll have to get back to you on that.”
“Thanks, I’ll come over as soon as I’m finished with Doyle.”
Acting on her own initiative Stephanie Baker called the Cologne Police. She had found the time to do this by delegating a willing volunteer to follow up the car and the crane logos. She introduced herself to a Dieter Berger, and sketched in the Banks incident. 
“I’m trying to trace passengers we’d like to speak to in connection with the case. They arrived in Cologne on Saturday evening.” He sounded cooperative.
 “Yes, please proceed.” 
“The first is a female, her name is Gertrude Bowman. There is also a man who may have travelled as Harry Bowman or Heinrich Baumann. That is Baumann with two n’s.”
“Yes I am familiar with that spelling of Baumann. I will do some checks and call you back. It will not be today. Goodbye.” 
Renton’s phone rang again just as he pulled into the Doyle & Willoughby car park.
 “Ben here boss, you were right, Bowman worked for Banks, in fact he heads up the research division. There’s no mention of Baumann, but Bowman’s previous employer is stated as Bio-Synth GMBH in Troisdorf, not far from Cologne. He came to work here five years ago. I’m heading back now as we’ve apparently rounded up the three musketeers at last. Two of them walked into the station, and declared that the third is on his way.” Renton said he would be there as soon as he could.
*
Doyle’s body language was promising. 
“When we last met Inspector, I was trying to deal with Vivienne in one of her more demanding moods. If I appeared to be a little reticent, it was because she can quickly become loose-tongued, even if she is deficient in salient facts. She has unswerving confidence in her understanding of all manner of things, especially those in which she exhibits sublime ignorance. Perhaps it is a derivative of never being faced with responsibility, and an over-indulgent father. What can I do for you?”
“Do you know Harry Bowman?”
“Yes of course, he is employed at Alistair’s company. Why do you ask?”
“You gave me some advice when I was at your apartment last night. So I am tiptoeing around this German connection you mentioned. I need to know a little bit more now that there are just the two of us. Don’t you find it rather curious that Mrs Banks was told by her husband that he was returning to Newcastle on Sunday, yet he had booked a flight to Cologne on Saturday evening? Before you respond, Harry Bowman’s wife and daughter had seats next to him, and the pilot, who brought three of the party home on Saturday, claims Banks informed him of an unscheduled business meeting which he and Bowman were to attend. He also told the pilot he was taking the Sunday sleeper train home after the meeting. It transpires that on the seat next to Bowman’s daughter, there was a man by the name Heinrich Baumann. The only one with a reserved seat who did not make the flight was Banks himself. Would you care to comment?”
Doyle’s face became ashen.
 “It is obviously even worse than I thought. I said last night that it would not be responsible to dig further into this scenario and I repeat that assertion now. I have been working on the transfer of this business for some months now, and I found an unusual amount of interference from both local and national government figures. This is not totally unexpected when an important multinational company chooses to desert these shores because of foreign incentives on offer. However, Alistair’s company was still privately owned, as he retained 79% of the voting shares. He always made it clear that it was red tape and not tax breaks or enterprise schemes which turned his head. He always quoted the anecdote that the Germans ‘filed the application on Monday, viewed the objections on Tuesday, and approved the scheme on Wednesday.’ He felt his future was restricted by Victorian ethics strapped on to a government already afraid of the EU, while Germany, from a central position in the Union could get the job done. Some of the interference I mentioned was constructive, promising ‘exceptional’ consideration, angled to persuade him to remain here. Other initiatives were positively threatening, including smear campaigns alleging insufficient research and blanket disapproval by clinical authorities. When I met these threats with my intent to challenge each and every one, I received a call from a highly trusted friend in the Chancellor’s employ, who said there were unnamed forces out there who would never let this go ahead. He emphasised that similar intimidation had been experienced in London, and that Alistair’s greatest personal vulnerability was his reputation of inflexibility. He also said I should publicly rescind my intent of challenging the threats, and consider moving aside. 
“Now Alistair is dead, I intend to wrap up my involvement as soon as I can. My supposition is that Alistair must have run into some contracted people who convinced him they were serious about terminating him, and that is why he suddenly changed his will. If you are correct about this Baumann, the transfer will go through upon the documentation being presented to the German bank. It was all supposed to be signed before he left for London, and it seems he almost made it to Cologne. You may inspect his will and a copy of the business transfer deed, but I will offer no additional comment and request you not to involve me any further in the German affair.”
Renton asked if the deed was likely to be in his infamous high-tech briefcase.
 “I would expect so.”
“It’s missing.”
“Jesus Christ! Do you know where it went missing?”
“Not yet but the pilot said he had it with him in London.”
“So, it is either with Baumann in Cologne or God knows who in the UK!” Renton left.
*
Waiting in his office were the three pals who returned with the pilot. Julian Hepworth had known Banks since junior school and had a company of his own. Donald Price worked for Gladstone-Klein, a blue chip American Corporation in the anti-terror software market. Martin Parrish was Banks’ chauffeur. He and Banks had played football together at junior level and been friends ever since. He worked on a contract basis for Banks, and was actually self-employed. 
Adams began by asking them to split up into different interview rooms. They queried this, saying they had come in voluntarily. Renton intervened and reminded them that officers had been at their homes regularly and searched for them for the last twenty-four hours. 
“We even asked via your families for you to make contact. This is routine, we want independent accounts because not everyone recalls events with the same attention to detail. We don’t want a common account as that may exclude details which could help find the murderer of your friend.” They agreed. Renton took the company owner, Adams questioned the software executive, and Stephanie asked the chauffeur to follow her.
“Mr Hepworth, is your business related to that of Alistair Banks?”
“What? I wish – I am very much the poor relation. When he loaned me the money to get started he said it was difficult to make a lot of money working for someone else. He didn’t say how hard it is making it on your own. My business is in eco-friendly adhesives and films. Recycling should be profitable, but the government does not support these programmes with subsidies anywhere near what is required to get the public on-board. They prefer to reward drug addicts, smokers, alcoholics and obese people if they promise to change. Here I am again on my soapbox. Sorry.” 
Renton then asked, “How well do you know Harry Bowman?”
“Quite well actually, we – that is Alistair and I first met him at the DRUPA exhibition in Dusseldorf seven years ago. He was working in a similar sector to Alistair, who persuaded him to come and work in Newcastle. We have been friends ever since, his English is still tinged with Geordie.”
“Oh, I thought he was English.”
“No, he decided to change his German name after he settled here. He wanted to embrace all aspects of living on Tyneside and thought a change would help him to blend in. He is a bit of a prankster.”
“Where is he? Why are there just three of you?”
“I assumed you knew he stayed over with Alistair for a meeting. Well that’s what the pilot said when the two of them didn’t show up for the flight home. The pilot said he told you this.”
“When did you know about this meeting?”
“I thought I just told you. Oh, I see what you mean; we briefly split up after the match. The three of us wanted to get a kind of peace offering for the ladies, as we were going to celebrate back in town before meeting up with them. Alistair and Harry went back to the airport security area to recover the briefcase. He normally never lets it out of his sight, and usually has it chained to his wrist, but not at the match. We never saw him again.”
“Did you know Bowman’s house is empty, up for rent?”
“What? We have been ringing him continuously but never actually called in on him. Where is he?”
“We would like to know ourselves, that’s why I asked you earlier. Presumably you have a mobile number for him, this Harry, or should I say Heinrich?”
“Yes, I have the number, here it is, but I don’t think you will get through. Anyway he will always be Harry and not Heinrich to me.” 
Renton thanked him and switched his questions to Banks’ business. 
“What exactly is so special about his company?” 
Hepworth explained and was proud to do so. “Alistair believed that biological manipulation could solve a lot of problems for those suffering with otherwise untreatable conditions. He was not a religious man and got very frustrated with self-righteous people who said the ‘Lord’ would disapprove. He hated George W. Bush. Anyway even when he got rich on ‘acceptable’ bio-tinkering, he maintained his drive for those sufferers who were ignored by the trough-feeders in Westminster. He was a difficult man to deter, but easy to like. He also ran the company in a paternalistic way which was appreciated by the employees. He never let the wealth change him, or Bio-Cure Industries Ltd.” 
Meanwhile Adams had established pretty much the same timelines and account of them splitting up after the match. Donald Price was not so friendly with Baumann on an individual basis, and had only got to know Banks through Gladstone-Klein installing their software fortress.
Martin Parrish was the odd one out of this group in terms of profession. He loved driving expensive cars and did not like office life. He did however seem to fit in with the others socially. 
“I think Alistair had a lot to do with that acceptance. You see, he was totally respected by the guys, in fact they looked up to him, even though he was uncomfortable with that. Because we played football together and against one another, we used to get stuck in – no holds barred. Wealth and status get little respect on the field. Alistair’s ease with my company ensured that the others felt comfortable too.” 
Again the accounts tied up well with the only real departure being that Parrish said he had phoned Banks after the pilot said he was taking the overnight train on Sunday. 
“I offered to pick him up from the station but he declined. When I said it was no problem he hesitated, but repeated that he and Bowman would take a taxi, saying the trains didn’t run on time anyway. I wish I’d insisted; he may have still been alive now. I don’t know what I will do. He was by far my biggest client and my best friend.”
The three men were asked to be available if and when further information became available. There was a feeling that they had rehearsed their story, but it did not seem to jar with what was already established, other than their respective views of Baumann. Only Hepworth seemed to consider him a true friend. Price claimed he was more of an acquaintance who ‘hung around’ Banks. Parrish never mentioned him at all. They put it down to the ‘cement between tribal football fans.’
Chapter 5
Wednesday November 7th 2018

Renton’s heart sank as he approached the office car park. Cousins’ appropriately intimidating blacked-out Range Rover was standing in a prominent position. When he arrived at his office floor, there appeared to be a relaxed atmosphere as Cousins was holding court. Renton’s intrusion brought this performance to an end, and he was welcomed by Cousins, who put his arm around his shoulder and indicated he wanted the privacy of the D.C.I.’s office. 
“Just a courtesy call Jack, I have some information for you.” Once they were inside and seated, Cousins revealed why he had really come in person. The forced smile persisted while he delivered the tirade. 
“I don’t want to affect the morale of your team, so we won’t betray the concern I have to pass on. What exactly did you think you were doing by contacting the Cologne police without informing me? Before you reply, what I am about to say will remain strictly between us. I got a call last night from Nigel Bradstock and he was very economical with his words. Basically he told me to avoid any contact with overseas forces in connection with the Banks case. He is already on his way here from Manchester and will discuss the next steps when he arrives.”
Although Renton didn’t know of Stephanie’s call, he was pretty sure it was her, because she was the only other person to witness Doyle’s palpable fear about the German link. He allowed Cousins to think that he had authorised someone to call Cologne and apologised for the oversight. He didn’t want to be lumbered with him until this Bradstock arrived.
 “Isn’t he overall head of the forces in the Midwest region?” Cousins nodded and almost forgot to keep smiling. 
“Yes, and he won’t be coming up here to boost our morale. We had better be prepared for some change in the game plan Jack, this is highly unusual. I don’t mind telling you that I don’t like it one bit. You had better fill me in on exactly why you contacted Cologne before he arrives, because I hedged with him on the phone to cover your arse.”
Renton pondered the options and decided to shelve Doyle’s warning. “We found out that Banks had actually booked a flight to Cologne but didn’t show up. We only discovered this information by accident, when investigating his apparent intention to return to Newcastle by sleeper train, for which there was no reservation. He was still in London with one of his employees after the remainder of the party flew back. It was late yesterday afternoon when this came to light and when we tried to check with this employee’s wife, the house was empty and had been put up for rent. It was too much of a coincidence that she and her daughter were booked on the same flight as Banks. The guy’s name is Harry Bowman, and as we can’t locate him we wondered if he had, like Banks intended to fly to Cologne. I can’t really see what the fuss is about Sir, except that I should’ve made you aware of my intention. However, by the time we had the flight manifest it was getting late. So I authorised the call and fully intended to inform you this morning. I didn’t anticipate this furore, and as far as I’m aware we have not had a reply from Germany, but that’s not surprising as they probably treated this as low priority, and as I said the request was late.”
“I agree with you, it should have been considered as a routine line of enquiry, and as late as your request may have been, it was not treated as low priority, otherwise Bradstock would not know about it. I don’t like it, and on consideration I think it would be prudent for me to meet with him alone at first. I will call him and ask him to come to Durham. Be ready for my signal for you to come to my office this afternoon.” Renton agreed and was both happy that he had got rid of Cousins, and apprehensive about what would be said when he was alone with Bradstock. He was further confused when Stephanie presented him with a scribbled note, headed Cologne. ‘We’ve found Gertrude Bowman and she is going to live with her parents in Bonn. We have no information about a Mr Bowman, but a person by the name of Baumann did pass through passport control. We have yet to locate him.’
*
He decided against reprimanding Stephanie because of Cousin’s edict, and he turned to Ben Adams. 
“Can you get in touch with Vivienne Banks again? She must know more about this new will which is supposed to make her feel relaxed, but on the face of it Banks has shafted her. This is Doyle’s story so you should get her in here alone. I’m going to forensics, so can you also go back to Doyle’s office and tell him we want to read the business transfer documentation again. I’ve cast my layman’s eye over it, so I’m interested to see what you make of it.” He gave the note from Cologne back to Stephanie and observed her body language. 
“Well I guess that’s it for now from the Fatherland. Let’s wait and see if they do catch up with Baumann. Listen, I need more on the blue car and the crane. What’s wrong? I could be forgiven for thinking it’s a public holiday in here. Brief me when I get back from forensics, before I go to see Cousins again.” D.C. Baker was crestfallen because she felt sure he would want to turn up the heat on Cologne.
Clive Donoghue was swivelling energetically in his chair; the omens were promising. 
“Ah D.C.I. Renton, just the man we wanted to see. As I said, the story would begin to reveal itself. We have some interesting fibres, some blood on the deceased which is not his, a watch which is not completely broken but stopped, extracts from the head wounds which are confusing, but no phone. Please sit.” Renton was not big on melodrama but did not comment.
“The fibres are many and varied, but the two of most interest were almost exclusively on the back of his jacket, not the front, and not on the trousers. This could explain Watson’s curiosity about the broken neck. He was sure the break was caused after death, and this is consistent with his body having been compressed into a space which was really too small. The fibres are typical of those found in carpets, and we would be interested to see the blue car, because these types of strands are often found in the boot of cars. The two types are different in colour and thickness; one is blue and the other a mixture of black and grey. The stray blood is on the fingers of his left hand, possibly suggesting he did not behave passively toward his assailant. The watch is stopped at 6.53 pm on Saturday evening. It doesn’t necessarily prove that it was broken at precisely that time, but it is something to consider. We had to remove the badly shattered face of the watch carefully, to see the time, and it’s an expensive item so it may be subject to reclaim when you are done with it. The embedded stuff in his head is accompanied by a pattern which suggests he may have been dragged for some distance. It is in fact a mixture of asbestos and glass. If they are from the same location, it may be a site which has been stripped out for refurbishment, an old warehouse perhaps, something like that. We will work on it again if that becomes relevant in your enquiries. Now, although there was no phone, he must have had some suspicion things were going to get nasty, because we found a Sim-card, in of all places, his shoe.”
Renton thanked Donoghue, and his mind raced to the briefcase. If he had the presence of mind to remove the card from his phone, what would he have done about his precious briefcase? Surely he would have taken care of that first. 
He hurried back to see if there was more information on the car. Stephanie said not, but Fred had been on the phone to say that Jimmy had called in to see their selected plant-hire logos, and was pretty sure that one of them was similar to that which he had seen at the Angel. Renton and D.C. Baker went to check it out. What had triggered Jimmy’s memory was not the name of Briggs, but the motif underneath, which was a series of decreasing diameter concentric circles, culminating in a single black dot. It reminded him of a target. It was a family-owned business and situated on the nearby Team Valley Trading Estate. This was a very large complex of all kinds of trading companies, and set around a trickle of a river named the Team. Renton wanted to check this himself, but was called by Cousins, so he had to leave it to Stephanie. 
“Take someone from uniform with you; it always helps to unsettle those who have something to keep hidden from prying eyes.” 
*
On the journey to Durham Renton was still preoccupied with the briefcase. He felt that the entire incident could possibly be explained by what was in there. There was an additional person in the reception committee. He had seen many photos of Nigel Bradstock, but never met him. He had no idea who the third person was. Bradstock got straight to the point.
“Renton, I have heard your explanation of the call to Cologne from C.C. Cousins, and it does not alter the fact that it was a breach of protocol. There is an aspect to Alistair Banks which has interested higher authority for some time. That may have been compromised. I therefore have to change the leadership of the enquiry with immediate effect. D.C.I. Forster will take care of all aspects of the Banks case, and I am afraid you must undergo a suspension from duty for now. Cousins will return with you to inform your people and see you off the premises. Do not make things worse by resisting this temporary change, and things will soon get back to normal.”
Renton was understandably shaken by this edict being delivered without any further discussion invited or indeed permitted. His mind wandered. He had always been aware of his own proclivity for choosing the route of highest probability, after everything had been considered. This applied to his private life as well as his professional counterpart. He even thought that this characteristic was actually responsible for his sad domestic relationship with his family, yet he could not rid himself of the compulsion. 
“I see. What you’ve said worries me. The explanation you give to my staff is crucial to how things may unfold. For example, as I’ve not been interviewed in depth about the actual murder case by the person who is suspending me, the Police Union will require chapter and verse on this breach of protocol. It will appear strange then, that the suspension itself is related to a similar breach of protocol. I may have avoided my error if I’d not been so intent on preventing a potential witness disappearing, a point on which C.C. Cousins concurred. However your breach has obviously been well considered even if it is ill-considered.”
“Your obstructive attitude will ultimately go against you Renton. You cannot be informed of the wider issues at this time. You can take holiday to cover the absence, as I am informed that you have a surfeit of entitlement. Alternatively, if it would be more acceptable, we could consider special paid leave. This would be offered in recognition that it may not be an appealing time of year to take a vacation, but not as any kind of inducement. We really need to do this and want to find the most acceptable path for all concerned. Please think about this carefully, on the basis that the change in command of the murder of Banks has to happen because of your error of judgement, even though it was unintentional. That is all this is about.”
“I think you should reconsider asking C.C. Cousins to inform my people of your intent. You may want to do that yourself; it could be highly relevant to any union enquiry. I’ve nothing more to say.” 
Bradstock did take note of this and all four of them drove back to Newcastle. The assembled personnel were in shock, and it took a couple of minutes for a vocal reaction to gather momentum. Stephanie looked at Renton and seemed about to own up that her boss did not know about her call to Cologne, but when their eyes met, he simply shook his head. That would have complicated things even more. Bradstock was bombarded with questions which he declined to answer. It took some time for the introduction of Forster to occur, and it inflamed the situation considerably. Forster was going to have an uphill task in getting cooperation; a work to rule was about all he could expect. It suddenly dawned on Renton that this was what Bradstock wanted. As Ben Adams had always classified Cousins as evil, he wanted to know how the chain of command would now operate. He was told what he expected, that it would be through Foster to Cousins, but he knew that this conflicted with Bradstock’s intervention. In reality, it would be a case of Forster reporting to Bradstock and Cousins being told on a need to know basis. This made Adams a little happier. Renton was escorted off the premises and he immediately contacted Adams.
 “I’m asking a lot. Can we meet tonight?” There was not even a hint of reservation. 
“Sure, where do you suggest?” They discussed options and did not rule out Renton being followed. They decided on a remote, small country restaurant.
*
Stephanie decided that Renton’s eye contact was to leave all things German fallow, and did not burden Ben Adams with her part in Renton’s suspension. She did discuss the boss’s last instruction to her. 
“I was asked by D.C.I. Renton to check out Briggs Plant Hire & Recovery. It took some time to shake the truth out of them, but when we bluffed a little about wanting to check samples of the flaked paint we had from the scene, against all of their vehicles, they cracked. In a nutshell, they got an urgent request from a client to provide the vehicle for recovery of the car which had got stuck on prohibited parking ground next to the Angel. It wasn’t a real crane as Jimmy had said; it was a salvage and recovery truck with ramps and a winch. This was in the early hours of Monday morning. The truck didn’t have a working tachograph, so we said this was an offence, and they suddenly remembered the call was at about 1.30 in the morning, and the arrival of the truck at the scene was about three hours later. They were at pains to point out that they first refused the job, but when the man pleaded with them and they suggested an extortionate price, their interest perked up as he reluctantly agreed. The cash sum was for barely thirty minutes work and they agreed to the job without the company owner being informed. It was too much of a temptation to turn down. It took some time to get the truck driver out of bed and agree to his cut. When the car was recovered the man who they thought was the owner handed over the money and drove off. Having shared their haul, the Briggs men began to realise how illogical this appeared to be. The car itself wasn’t worth anywhere near what he paid them, and of course when the news broke of Banks’ death they pretended the recovery operation had never happened. Now they know they are in the shit, and expect to be fired.” Adams rolled his eyes while he digested this. 
“Yeah, it’s been a surreal day altogether, but how does this help us Steph? I mean this doesn’t explain how the bloody car got there in the first place, and more importantly where it is now.” She shrugged her shoulders and turned to leave. She was halted by Adams.
 “Well you’d better find out hadn’t you? Your brief was to run the car and the ‘crane’ to ground, so you’re only halfway there.” He left to meet the man who he still considered to be his boss.
*
They met in the Anchor at Whittonstall. It was on a long country road between Corbridge and Ebchester. The road was always quiet and it would be easy to see anyone following, and invite them to overtake. They had a beer before repairing to a cosy corner table. It was Adams who began in earnest. 
“What the hell‘s going on boss? This pompous arse Bradstock didn’t really tell us what justification there is for bringing in Forster, and if that was so important, why didn’t he just bring him in to help you?”
“Ben, it’s obvious that my minor departure from protocol was their opportunity, a gift from the gods. You may be right. They might have been preparing to bring in Forster when I gave them a chance they couldn’t turn down. Cousins had already sounded me out about help from Sunderland or Middlesbrough, which I never declined nor accepted. Anyway it has happened, and Bradstock is prepared to take on the union, with a reasonable chance of losing, so that price must be worth paying to close ranks on this case. You and Steph need to be careful to avoid forcing their hand. How do you feel about giving me access to what comes up and see where that takes us? My initial suspension’s for two weeks. I intend to take a flight to Nice and allow them to think I’m on the Riviera to chill, during Bradstock’s concession for my paid leave. As soon as I know I’m clear I’ll fly to Cologne and see what I can find there. I’m convinced that Banks’ briefcase will explain a hell of a lot if we can find it intact.” Adams stopped chewing his prawns to respond. 
“I know there’s a risk to both D.C. Baker and me, but I think this Forster will just direct us to work off the radar. I’m more than happy to share whatever we can find out, and you may get to more than we will be allowed to in Cologne. For example, when you asked me to speak with Vivienne Banks again, I decided to go to her house rather than bring her in, because I was sure she would inform Doyle. She tried hard to convince me that she knew little about the technicalities of the business transfer deed. She said Alistair wasn’t stupid, and although they’d been through a rough patch, she still trusted him implicitly. I eventually got around to asking about the briefcase and she coolly asked, ‘Which one?’ He had two, and one was still upstairs in the wardrobe. It wasn’t locked - but it was empty. She said Bowman had used the other one on some odd occasions. When I asked her who manufactured them, she laughed. Apparently he designed the concept together with his pal Hepworth, and they sourced the components without letting their suppliers in on the purpose. She said Alistair would never talk about the design to anyone else but Hepworth.” Renton was fascinated by this and wanted to interrupt, but Adams pressed on. 
“When I got Doyle to show me the copy of the business transfer deed, he seemed to want to hang around, until I said I could take it back to the office. Like you, I felt something didn’t seem quite right. If we’re to accept the logic of the deed it suggests strong synergy between the two companies and all conclusions point to a merger. There’s nothing to say there is a ‘sale’ as such, and although Banks’ company is much bigger, he’s not compensated for this by a cash adjustment. The proposed shareholding in the new company seems at odds with a straight translation of asset contribution by both, so unless there is a side document, Banks on the face of it, would’ve lost out.”
“Yes, and that was before Doyle let slip that only when Banks had handed the £65 million authorisation to the German bank, would the transfer process begin. I think you’re right, there must be a separate agreement to adjust things during the due diligence period. There was a clause which mentioned delayed registration of certain shares but it was all above my head. Maybe we have to get an expert of our own to look it over or find a way of getting Doyle to enlighten us. He definitely wants to keep out of the picture – we need to know why.”
Renton agreed to talk to Hepworth again, this time off the record, and then leave for Nice. Adams would feel out the situation with Forster before deciding whether he was going to be allowed to pursue Doyle, and if not, run a hypothetical scenario past a business lawyer.
Chapter 6

Bradstock had departed and left Cousins and Forster to iron the wrinkles out of their respective reporting relationships to him. Now that Renton had been used as a scapegoat, Cousins was feeling exposed. He had not been able to draw Forster any further on the Cologne situation, and all of a sudden realised that he was going to have an uncomfortable two weeks until Renton returned. 
The ripples of Renton’s suspension had found their way around the Three Rivers force very quickly and it provoked Gregory Watson to call his friend. 
“Jack, I must be missing something in the message. Is there anything I shouldn’t ask about?” When Renton explained everything to Watson the follow-up revelation intrigued him. 
“I’ve had a call from a colleague who shall be nameless. By tomorrow this will be known to everyone, but it might affect your plans as you have described them to me. In London this evening a body was found and I was informed simply and only because of the identity and the probable cause of death. The identification on him suggests his name is Bowman, or if you prefer, Baumann. It was thought that I may be interested in this, and I thought of you, only to discover you were going to take time off. After a lot of consideration, and the fact that I had not been officially informed of your immediate agenda, I concluded it was only correct procedure to apprise you of relevant information. Enjoy the sun, and make sure you try a café-au-lait in Cannes.” This had the effect of turning everything in Renton’s compartmentalised brain upside down and inside out. 
“Wait Greg, was there a briefcase?”
“It wasn’t mentioned, but I honestly don’t know. It sounds important.”
“Very important,” said Renton, “it could make my trip much more or less important too.”
“Ok, I will try to diplomatically find out one way or another.” The line went dead. He could not imagine Baumann planning to come back so soon, except for Banks’ funeral, and if he knew his boss had been murdered, that it was likely to be for what was in the briefcase. So if Baumann did have it, why would he bring it with him? He could of course have been threatened into returning if the murderer had found Banks’ ticket to Cologne on his person, but not the briefcase, then assuming Baumann had it. It was all speculation but he could not leave it alone. He decided it was urgent to speak to Hepworth, who was at a bar in town and did not want to leave, suggesting he could spare some time between noon and 1pm. the next day. When Renton suggested he could come to the bar immediately, the prospect did not appeal, so he excused himself for half an hour and they met in the Pitcher and Piano on the Quayside. 
“I need to know more about the briefcase, and how you helped Banks with its design.”
“Oh, well I suppose I played a small part. Alistair’s brainchild needed some chemical intervention and I was someone he could trust. What I do know is that there was the usual combination locking device, but if an attempt was made to open the case without the correct input, a self-destruct sequence kicked in. All my part consisted of was to trigger a special membrane, which was keeping two substances apart, to dissolve and allow them to mix, after which they would produce tremendous heat very quickly and obliterate all documentation inside. Alistair always insisted that thermal paper was used for these documents. He had backup copies, but when travelling he wanted to be sure they would not fall into the wrong hands. Half of the considerable weight of the case was a huge battery. I don’t know the mechanism of producing the heat so quickly, Alistair was the engineer. I made a plastic which stiffened and cracked with modest heat increase. His battery got it to shatter in milliseconds.” Renton was not keeping up completely.
 “Thermal paper?” 
“Yes you probably know it from supermarket barcoding. The pattern of black lines is instantly caused by applying heat to a chemical coating on the paper. That’s why it is so flexible in coding and checkout pricing.”
“So you are sure that it worked?”
“Oh yes Inspector, it worked perfectly. Alistair didn’t do failure.” Renton nodded.
“Thanks, I’m sorry to have intruded on your evening. Go back and join your friends. When can you spare the time to give me a more complete lecture on the nature of Alistair’s business?”
“As I said when you called me, I have an hour or so at noon tomorrow, shall we meet here?” It was agreed.
*
There had been an unusual development with the blue car. Having drawn blanks at car crushers and scrapyards, the call had bemused the local police. Stephanie took the call.
“Hello, I’m the desk sergeant at the Consett station. I’ve been asked to inform you that the owner of the missing Alfa Romeo has now reported that he found it parked outside his house this morning, and I assume you will want to take it away for testing.” D.C. Baker could not suppress the astonishment in her voice.
 “Is this a wind-up?” The desk sergeant seemed a little put out by this response and his tone became decidedly trite. 
“We don’t make things up Detective Constable. Just tell me when you want to come for the vehicle.” Stephanie half-apologised and said someone would be there as soon as possible and she would ring ahead with the name of the person authorised for the collection. 
“Are you able to put me in contact with the owner, as we need to speak to him?” The reply was quite frosty. 
“I think you already have his contact details, but I’ll give you his number again and you can make the request yourself.”
When Stephanie spoke to the man, she knew from the name that he was probably from Pakistan, but nothing of his background. He was quite happy to come to the Newcastle office and she sent a car for him. When he arrived she vaguely recognised his face from somewhere.
“I asked for you to come and speak to us Mr Pitafi because there seems to be some very strange circumstances surrounding the whereabouts of your car over the last few days. As it appears to have been at a crime scene amongst other places, I’d like you to tell me how long you have had the car, where you bought it, and as exactly as you can when it disappeared and reappeared.” He looked confused.
 “Well, I bought it a very long time ago. It was during the personal computer boom, when there were many venues to sell PC components direct to the public. I think it was in the mid-nineties, yes I am sure. I made a little bit of money in that time and always wanted this car. After the big companies like PC World drove the price of new computers down, the component market slumped and all the fun of building and customising your PC went with it. I decided to use my savings to study for a Law Degree, and had just enough left over to bid for the car at an auction. It was in a mess so it became my hobby to restore it, beginning with the colour, I had to have sapphire blue. I would never sell this car, and that is why I was so upset when it was stolen. That was on Thursday the 1st – last week. I had it in the garage and I only knew it was gone when I went to work that morning about 8.30 am. You see, I keep it alongside my normal car which I use for work. I only use the Alfa at weekends, but not so often now. The same thing happened this morning, I opened the garage door and got just as big a shock when I got in my car and saw the Alfa parked down the street a little way. The keys were in it. I am flabbergasted but very happy. In fact I was so happy I ran in to tell my wife and forgot to inform the police until just before lunch. I am afraid I drove it back into the garage before I went to the office.” 
“I’m sorry to digress Mr Pitafi, but I can’t help thinking I’ve seen your face somewhere.” 
“That could be possible. I have been on radio and local TV news a few times recently. I am afraid my outspoken efforts on behalf of Muslims have caused me some notoriety.”
“That’s it, of course. When you say notoriety do you mean because of the unrest of recent times?”
“Yes, but it goes further back than recent times. I have always been outspoken about condemnation of extremism and radicalisation of our young people. When I first thought about Law as a career, it had a dual purpose. It could give me a good living, and give me a platform to help others with the nuances and reasons behind our laws. I suppose I must have been successful because it put me at odds with the Muslim Shield.”
“At odds, do you mean threats?”
“Oh yes, many times, but so far none have been carried out. It does worry my wife though, as we now have a small son. The problem is worse for those I am trying to help. They have had threats which have been carried out. When that happens and it can’t be proved against anyone, the victims won’t talk anymore, for fear of further reprisal.” Stephanie decided not to reveal the involvement of the Briggs recovery service just yet and asked him to be available for further interviews as and when they had more to go on. He was happy to oblige.
 “I have my precious car back which is only worth a few pounds, but priceless to me, and I would really like to see the thief caught. Here is my card so that you can reach my home, office and mobile.” She thanked him and noticed the card. ‘Purdil U. Pitafi, Solicitor.’ She smiled as she recalled the PUP part of the registration. 
“What does the middle part ‘U’ stand for?” 
He smiled and said, “It was my grandmother’s choice and I never tell anyone. I sometimes wish I had never bought the private licence plate, but boys will be boys.”
*
When Gregory Watson called back he was on a public phone. “I am doing this because something is definitely bothering my source in London. He was quite evasive, in contrast to his voluntary call earlier. There was no briefcase at the scene, which was in a derelict former mental health hospital. It has been locked up for years waiting to have asbestos extracted and the building made safe. I had to fish this out of him and then I remembered you telling me that Clive Donoghue had found debris containing asbestos on Banks’ body. As always I have to leave the speculation to you, but we had better not talk about this directly any more. I’ll keep Adams informed unless I’m prevented by this new chap Forster. That is all I could get out of my friend. When I asked about time of death he said it hadn’t been established and wouldn’t guess.”
Renton decided to postpone his intention to visit Cologne. If the London body was that of Bowman, and he had been killed at the same time as Banks, he could not see what he would get out of Mrs Bowman, if indeed he could find her. The burning question in his mind could only be asked if the body was confirmed to be Harry Bowman. Who then had flown to Germany, and maybe sat next to his wife? One thing of which he was pretty certain was that he would not sleep much that night.
The Home Secretary had received a cautiously encouraging response from H.M. Intelligence. It would not have been such a difficult sell if the P.M. had made the request, but it had to be done in a way which Patrick Carlyle had deniability, and both Morton and Intelligence knew that. The Home office analyst was to be briefed and sworn to silence so that he could explain his assertions to the duo from Intelligence. Wah Chen’s body language could best be described as a mixture of fear and total orgasm when it was all explained to him. He could not wait. This was exactly the type of project he had coveted when applying for the post. His decision to leave the employ of Donald Price and Gladstone-Klein had finally borne fruit.
Chapter 7
Thursday November 8th 2018

Forster wasted no time in setting out the new way of tackling the case. The entire team was left in no doubt that deviations would not be tolerated. The discovery of the second body had been on the news and assisted his task of questioning the jurisdiction priorities. He made no further reference to Renton’s situation and declined to answer questions about it. 
“You will appreciate that this is also an inconvenience for me, as I have a high enough caseload in the Midwest. However, the sooner we can resolve the issue of Alistair Banks’ death, even if that means we have to concede to handing it over to London, the sooner I’ll be out of here. As far as I know we have still not been advised of time of death of the new body found in the Capital, and until we are, we must accept that we have no direct authorisation to treat the two as having been committed by the same person or persons. If the timeline and corroborating evidence shows that Banks was killed in London, we’ll be asked to hand the current files over. It may yet take some time for this conclusion to be reached, so I want all manpower to be concentrated on what direct evidence emerges from forensics and further medical analysis, including toxicology. There are to be no forays into speculative stuff unless I say so. We now have to put this into practice quickly, and if we’re told to hand over the Banks case, it will only include material which characterises an evidence-led enquiry. Thank you, now let’s get to it. D.S. Adams, I need to talk to you in my office.”
Adams could guess what was coming, but the implied intimidation was a surprise. 
“Look, whether I’m here for two weeks or two years, Renton will not be coming back in his old capacity on this case. He is still a D.C.I. but he will be assigned to other enquiries. I understand that there has been a very close working relationship between you and him, but it would be better for everyone if you make sure this no longer applies to the Banks case. If I have any suspicion that information exchange occurs between the two of you, I will come down very hard. Renton at least had no real idea of what he was walking into when he made contact with Cologne, and that much went in his favour. Neither of you can now claim you haven’t been warned. I expect you, as my right hand, to get this message across to the rest of the officers on the case. Flouting this edict could become a career-ending misjudgement. Sometimes we just have to expect that there are things we can’t know at a particular time. It is why a chain of command is necessary. Do you understand?”
“Yes of course I do. I’m not about to prejudice my future or anyone else’s here, but I must say Sir, as much as we do understand the way you want to proceed, and will do exactly that, we must be allowed to show our loyalty to D.C.I. Renton in terms of his error. The suspension seems very harsh, and it will be difficult for you to convince me that it is justified. He has an unblemished record and has given selfless service to this force. He could still have been of great help if directed the way you have just done with the rest of us.” Forster acknowledged the honesty and nodded.
*
When Julian Hepworth turned up he was carrying a briefcase. 
“This is a mock-up of our final design, and if you examine it, you can better appreciate the intricacies I explained yesterday.” 
Renton looked it over and asked, “Who would have the combination for these things?”
The reply was almost sarcastic. “Only one person Inspector, you would not have asked the question if you had known Alistair. He was honest about his obsession with confining information only to those who really needed to have it. The combination to his briefcase – I am afraid not.”
“In that case why would Bowman have had one?”
“Well, firstly he would be carrying sensitive information which was to be shared with a third party. There would be some which was for Bowman’s eyes too, in which event he would have his own combination re-programmed into the case. There were other instances where Bowman was only a courier and upon meeting with the third party, would hand over the case. The third party would then call Alistair and be given the temporary combination, remove the papers and return the case to Bowman. It would only be used in this way when Alistair had conflicting arrangements of more importance.”
“I see. Right, can we talk about his products and technology?”
“Of course, the group company name as you may know, is Bio-Cure Industries, and comprises three divisions, which are – Bio-Chem, Bio-Engineering, and Bio-Gene. He used to work for one of the big pharmaceutical companies and had the notion that they had become completely driven by cost-effectiveness, ignoring promising research avenues if they didn’t hit the investment/return target. He realised that trying to go it alone was a total non-starter in this industry. When he met Vivienne, the impossible became slightly more realistic, through her father. He had a certain kind of influence and was able to help revive a failing, small, but potentially viable minnow in this industry. Beresford bankrolled a rescue of a core part of the company and decimated the non-profitable sections of the organisation. This was all tailored to Alistair’s plan, and a foundation was laid. Slowly the re-branded products turned the financial situation around and restored the previously good reputation. He began to drip-feed some of his new product ideas into the chemical formulation and processing side, some were made exclusively by Bio-Chem and others depended on outsourced intermediates. He felt that this bridgehead was necessary in order to be taken seriously by the various medical and clinical groups he would encounter. 
“This is where my knowledge of the financial structure peters out. I know that the vast majority of the original investors, both individual and institutional, were herded into the venture by Beresford. When the time came to found Bio-Engineering, there was some change, some of the initial shareholders were bought out, and I guess replaced by certain banks with a different type of share. The ideas Alistair had for engineering more complex products impinged on the available knowledge of the relationships between certain ‘incurable conditions’ and a ‘genetic explanation’. He decided to take on challenges which did not have much interest for the big boys, almost regardless of the financial equation. The synergy of chemistry and molecular engineering gave him the platform of a ‘treatment’ for sufferers of the condition. The fact that these conditions were extremely rare was a big factor in getting over the cost/benefit immorality, and yet it had incredible headline impact. When he was able to access more specific, but protected genetic research, he set up Bio-Gene. It was difficult to get the best people, but again, his father-in-law was not without influence. At last he had the dots joined up, and could embark upon cures for some conditions. This has all been achieved in less than fifteen years, and although Bio-Cure is still a small player in the grand scheme, it has its niche, and does attract predatory attention.”
Renton had listened intently to this précis, and asked where Bowman’s former company fitted into the story.
 “Well, apart from Harry working for Bio-Synth GMBH, Alistair sourced intermediates from them and that is how we met, at the DRUPA exhibition. That company has also steered its strategic position to similar products, and the advantages of cooperation made both companies stronger. The prospect of closer ties was a no-brainer in technical terms, but that does not always make it happen. I know nothing of how the proposed merger was to be structured, other than Alistair was persistently and openly courted by the Germans. This is the point at which an already strained relationship with Beresford became intensely hostile. Personally, I never quite saw Alistair as someone who would allow prying eyes into his business, and it would be painful for him to accept that it was mandatory for a merger. His company was in a stronger position to dictate the terms, even if they could not pull off an outright buyout of Bio-Synth. Something changed his habit of a lifetime in settling for compromise. And there you have it Inspector.”
Renton was intrigued by this tale and needed to speak with Adams again. 
*
Adams was getting Forster’s message across to the group during the daily briefing. Forster was impressed with the methodology of Adams, whose continual reinforcement of the best way to help the boss was to nail down the Banks case with hard evidence. When the session broke up, Stephanie told Adams of her chat with Purdil Pitafi.
 “His account of what happened to the car was feasible, and his problems with the Muslim Shield are well-documented, I’ve checked that out, but there is something just a bit too neat about it all. Maybe you should speak with him and see if he departs from the script.”
“Steph, didn’t you hear anything I’ve just preached on behalf of Forster? He is not going to mess about with maintaining motivation in this department. He’s temporary and doesn’t care about that; he’ll be ruthless. Now do we have the car?”
“Yes he brought it in this morning.”
“He brought it in, why didn’t we go and get it?”
“He had already driven it off the street into his garage, so it didn’t seem worth sending a recovery truck if he’d already driven it since its return, and we got it quicker.”
“Jesus Christ, this is exactly the kind of departure from procedure Forster will pounce on. You should have at least cleared it with Clive Donoghue. Let’s wait for forensics to tell us what they find before speculating on Pitafi.” She walked off wearing a mildly insolent expression.
*
The Home Secretary was ready to brief his recruits from Intelligence. One of them asked why this database was with the home office. 
“From what we have been told we would have thought this collection of medical information would reside with the Health Secretary.” 
They were informed that it had done, originally. “They did the tests, assembled the data, and then they reclassified it for their own purposes and recommendations. It was only when these recommendations surfaced that the leaks found their way into the media, and they embroidered a Frankenstein scenario from their well-orchestrated conspiracy theories. The NHS has to be transparent in these situations and that renders it extremely porous by default. It was therefore thought to be prudent to have a safer pair of hands, which has proven to be a ‘dropped catch’. The decision to pull it from the Health Secretary was distilled down to only two main options, us or Defence. It was felt to be a little bit over the top to lodge it with the Defence Secretary, so I got lumbered.”
“We can understand the concern, and in fact that is the reason for the question. Why was Intelligence not considered in the first place?”
“I can only say that it was for the same reasons as ruling out Defence. It was a political decision. We did not want to fuel the public reaction any further, by implying that the fate of the realm was at stake. Homeland security seemed to make sense, it was considered to be less porous than the Health service and not as clandestine as either Defence or Intelligence. Nobody thought this would happen.”
“Right, let us proceed to how we see the mechanics of our involvement playing out. We need to familiarise ourselves with the system without Mr Chen’s input, then we will need to spend a lot of time with him out of hours, when there is nobody else around. If we believe there is substance to his theory we will need to discuss the next steps with you alone. Is this acceptable to you?” Morton affirmed that it was perfectly acceptable as he just wanted to save his career.
*
Greg Watson spoke to Adams on the phone. It was an official call. 
“Sergeant, I’ve been informed that the person they assume is Bowman died much later than Banks. So, at least for now we can’t be sure how the latter got to Newcastle, and whether he was killed in the Capital, on the way, or after arriving. This is because we have not been able to account fully for his whereabouts since shortly after the football match. They are apparently asking for someone to identify this body in London. Several candidates could do it, if it’s him, but the only relatives that they know of are his wife and his parents, all of whom are in Deutschland. The other three friends at the match could corroborate positive ID, but they must first get the family over from Germany. So the Banks case would still appear to be open at this end. As I haven’t been visited yet by the new Gruppen-Fuhrer Forster, I am reporting this to you in the absence of D.C.I Renton, and shall do so until informed to the contrary. The second point is equally intriguing. The images of the asbestos and glass embedded in Banks’ head are a perfect match to the debris in the derelict mental hospital. It seems as if both of the deceased were there at some time, either alive or dead. Donoghue told me this so you can discuss it with him without upsetting the Reich.” 
Adams couldn’t resist a smile and thanked Watson. He headed off to see Clive Donoghue. The forensics team was like a group of ants, wielding ultra-violet torches, marking points of interest inside and outside the car, and taking photographs of the entire process. It was as if they were about to decide on the best way to devour the vehicle. Donoghue stepped back from this busy but controlled activity, and came to meet Adams. 
“Let’s go to my office.” When they arrived he poured two mugs of strong, black coffee and gently began swivelling in his chair. 
“I suppose you have spoken to Greg, but before we get to that, I can tell you already that the blue fibres found on Banks match those in the luggage space of the Alfa Romeo, it is hardly big enough to be called a boot. I wanted to do this first, because it now justifies a much deeper trawl for other evidence. Greg will be here shortly because he thinks this very small space may explain why the corpse suffered a broken neck after death. Also, I want to get on with this before your new boss gets too involved.” Adams reflected on this before asking about the body in London. 
“I’m not sure where the combined information on the bodies leaves us; do you have anything to add to the possibility that they may both have been in this abandoned hospital, you know, from what you’ve discovered in the last few days?”
“It’s a little early to tell, and I only have information my opposite number in London has passed to me. It would make sense for us to meet and exchange all information we have, because we have repeatedly found in this science, it is so easy to miss something.” 
Adams fastened on to this and said, “I don’t think that meeting is going to be approved Clive. When you say it is easy to miss something, how about it also being possible to plant something?”
“Excuse me, oh I see, well of course that can’t be ruled out, but why do you raise the issue?”
“Simply because the ‘powers that be’ have planted suspicion in everyone’s mind by the way they have treated Renton. It was opportunistic, we know it, and they know we know it. Figuring out why is the puzzle, and makes me wonder if we are going to be steered to the desired conclusion.”
“Mmm, yes, well I’m not trained for the maze of conspiracy theory, but what I can say is that the window of probability of time of death for each of these individuals does raise questions as to whether they knew of one another’s impending demise. The location and condition of this decaying hospital, according to my colleague, is not conducive to anyone finding the second body. Apparently it’s boarded up, plastered with signage warning of danger of asbestos, and hasn’t been patrolled for years. It has a high perimeter fence which also adds to its isolation, although the gates have been breached but never repaired, and it’s therefore not surprising that it was a bunch of kids who found the corpse. They are undergoing scans to see if they are at risk.”
“That’s interesting, in fact it immediately provokes the thought that Banks was intended to be discovered and this Bowman wasn’t.”
“Indeed, but how will this train of thought be altered if the second body isn’t Bowman?”
“That’s a very good point Mr Donoghue. And it would also provoke another question. Who really travelled to Cologne under the name of Baumann? Perhaps that’s what we aren’t supposed to find out, and why Renton was shuffled off the case. Good luck with the car, I may be back soon, but as Forster likes the kind of evidence you have just found, you might be honoured by a visit from the man himself.” 
Adams went out for lunch and rang Renton from the ‘Coffin’ which was the nickname for the refurbished Central Bar on the other side of the Tyne, in Gateshead. It was a short walking distance over the Swing Bridge. He really liked this place, especially the selection of beers and bands they often had lined up. He knew the manager Dave Campbell and his wife Julie quite well; they travelled all over the world to music festivals, and he loved to hear about these adventures. 
“We need to talk about this second body. How do you fancy a bracing, moonlit walk along the beach?” Renton laughed at Adams’ adherence to the clandestine nature of their new relationship. 
“Sounds insane, but yeah why not? Do you have any particular place in mind?”
“Tynemouth, in the car park, down from the Gibraltar Rock pub, near the Priory, at about 7.30?”
“Done.”
“Here’s something to think about in the meantime. Who runs Bio-Cure Industries at the moment? If this deal doesn’t go through, the answer may be nobody! I remember my first discussion with Doyle when he said Vivienne neither had the capability nor the desire to inherit this burden, but if the German bank doesn’t receive the paperwork, then she owns his shares in whatever, as she is the sole nominated beneficiary of his will. So presently, in a legal sense, she may be running the operation. I can’t believe Doyle has not told her about this.”
“That’s a fascinating scenario Ben. May the moon be bright this evening.”
Chapter 8

The Intelligence duo had concluded their initial session with Chen, and had reported to Morton that they concurred with most of what he had suggested. 
“The general assertion that the database has been fragmented and hidden seems valid. What we need to do now is move to the second phase, and let him illustrate the mechanics of such a process, and the claims he makes as to the detailed execution. The process he describes isn’t totally unknown to us, but the work involved in insertion of code and cataloguing it correctly, so that instant recovery can occur, can be a very cumbersome task, if the perpetrator wishes to make it difficult. If one did not want to make it difficult we would have to question the purpose of the exercise in the first place. The concept of adding data to cloak existing code is rather ingenious, but the sheer number of unique strings which have to be accounted for by the recovery programme is awesome, for a database of this size. That’s why it has been fragmented as a first step. Chen knows his stuff. We now have to see a demonstration of how he can attempt to recover one such string, from part of one fragment, which is clearly part of the entire database. Otherwise what we restore could be anything. We will need someone to be able to verify that the phoenix is actually from the genuine ashes. Do you have such a person?”
Morton was struggling to keep up. “Quite honestly I believe Chen is the best bet. He has worked on the project for some time. He must be able to recognise some of the stuff you recover.”
“He may be the best bet Mr Morton, but he is not exactly neutral. It would however negate the need for bringing another party into the mix. It is your call.”
*

As Adams was preparing to leave to meet Renton, he glanced at the office clock. He wanted to time his departure with that of Forster, so that he could drop the conversation with Donoghue into his lap at the very end of the day. He was surprised when Forster came out of his office with Stephanie. 
“Ah, D.S. Adams, we’ve just been discussing the flowery account that this Purdil Pitafi has given about the magic blue car. It does seem to me that we should pull him in and explore this head-butting situation he claims to have with the Muslim Shield. I’d like to hear this first hand, and suggest you attend as well. D.C. Baker can observe through the glass, as she did the first interview. Let’s schedule it for tomorrow.”
Adams shot a glance at Stephanie, whose coy expression did nothing to suppress his anger at her total disregard for his instructions. He was thinking quickly and replied without a pause in the conversation. 
“Yes Sir, that’s fine and actually it may dovetail nicely with Clive Donoghue’s cursory sweep of the vehicle. The blue fibres on Banks are a perfect match with the boot carpet in Pitafi’s car. So maybe he does have more to explain than he already has. It’ll be interesting to see how much this ruffles him. The car being at the scene isn’t quite the same as it having been used to transport the body.”
 He had difficulty in sustaining the false enthusiasm, unlike those he addressed. Forster sported a sickly grin while Stephanie was preening unashamedly. He decided not to mention that Donoghue had also found the same glass and asbestos on both bodies.
*
When Ben Adams arrived at the meeting point, the vision of Renton kitted out in Arctic survival clothing caused him to stifle a grin. It was just as well he did, as within two minutes of descending on to the beach he had to admit he was underprepared for the plummeting temperature and rising winds. They continued to walk towards Whitley Bay while Renton was brought up to date, and then Adams conceded that he was heading for hypothermia. Renton sarcastically offered the over-jacket he was wearing. 
“You mean you have two of those thermals, it is a bit late for that now, let’s go inside.”
“Do you want a beer or a snifter of brandy?”
“No way, I need some sustenance which will also defrost me - fish and chips would fit the bill.” 
They came off the beach and raced one another to the brightly lit cafeteria, and grabbed a table next to a radiator. Having smothered the generous platter with salt, pepper and vinegar, Adams began gorging on the ‘fresh from the fryer’ battered cod and chips. The obligatory mushy peas were ignored while he shovelled several chips past his numbed lips and on their way to his biological central heating boiler. Renton’s more deliberate consumption allowed him to comment on the update just delivered by Adams.
 “You know Ben we can’t seem to get away from the feeling that despite the two killings being surrounded by possible links, something is still being orchestrated. This disappearing and reappearing car is a prime example. The one thing which could explain everything is the damned briefcase.”
Adams had a new glow. “The car situation is bugging me for another reason boss, I specifically told Stephanie to cool it with respect to speculation. Forster is just waiting for another one of us to step out of his halo so that he can inflict further disciplinary procedures upon us. What does she do? Goes sucking up to him and spits in my face at the same time. He went for her suggestion, but she had nothing to back up her hunch, and my reflex action was to declare Donoghue’s revelation, to at least have proper cause to bring him in again. She’s beginning to worry me.”
Renton nodded in agreement and told Adams of her phone call to Cologne. 
“No way, look, we can’t afford to let this slide boss, if I’d known that earlier I would have kept certain things from her. I know she’s good, and mighty ambitious, but we’re all going to be judged by this kind of opportunism. I hope you aren’t going to ask me to pretend to her that I don’t know.” Renton merely said that if that was what he wanted he would never have let the cat out of the bag. 
“You make a fair point Ben. My initial response to protect her was because I was sure she would have got more than a suspension. Things have moved on and so must we. You’re right to deal with it. Now what are we going to do next? I guess we have to wait for positive ID of Bowman, Pitafi’s denial, or explanation of the fibres, and what Forster’s next move is. I am betting on him pushing the Pitafi connection for all it’s worth. If nothing else it buys time as a distraction. Pitafi’s story so far is too preposterous to be untrue, and Forster should know that. I’m intrigued by your comment that if Bowman failed to deliver the goods, Vivienne is now in charge. I’m going to see Doyle again. This bastard is up to his neck in this, and he doesn’t strike me as a guy who puts himself on the line for free.”
*
Beresford referred to his sea transport as a yacht, an image which most people associated with blissful harnessing of tropical winds, a kind of barometer of decadence. However, the power button transformed the elegant craft into a very efficient means of island or even country-hopping. He was now moored in Portugal, in the western Algarve marina of Lagos. During a pause between courses in the Belgian restaurant, he asked his wife to excuse him while he made the obligatory phone call. Marlene Beresford yearned for a normal life. She had often told Vivienne to be careful what she wished for. She had always believed the celebrity lifestyle would be an intoxicating cocktail of material and spiritual wellbeing. After years of such seemingly pointless running from invisible or imaginary enemies, she craved simple family life. No matter how many times she raised the issue, her husband simply shut off any hope. Beresford used the payphone outside the Brasserie to speak to Seth Graham and Eddie Finley. 
“Are we ready to roll out the sponsorship yet?” Graham was first to respond. 
“Pretty much, we have to decide the order and when to start. The locals have been primed. Anyway, my friend has more detail on that, here he is.” Beresford adhered to speaking in generalities. 
“What is the weather like in the northeast at the moment?” Finley gave an account which roughly approximated to the new setup installed by Nigel Bradstock. 
“The stormy winds are beginning to blow themselves out. The outlook is quite promising. Might be worth a trip sometime soon, it would be good to meet again. If you decide to visit just let me know. Alternatively, I could make it to the Capital if you prefer, there’s quite a bit of work to do there.”
“I see. You know the northeast sounds appealing, and I’m sure my good lady would like to catch up with relatives in the region. Let’s go for it. Please make the arrangements and let me know when it would be best for us to call on you.”
Having put the phone down, Finley said to Graham, “Ok, we start in Newcastle, and leave London alone for now. It would make sense for me to go north and you keep an eye on this cock-up in the smoke.” 
Finley then contacted Paul Grimes and informed him of his impending travel arrangements. “You can pay the initial deposit.”
Grimes had a reputation to fear, as he was a baton-carrier for the northeast region of the Colony. His various foot soldiers were to be made ready for an operation to be known as Enigma. It was to begin to coincide with Beresford’s landfall in the UK, at a location which he would not share with anyone at present. Not even his wife was to be told until he felt it prudent to do so. What she did not know she could not repeat. It was a risky business, but the risk of not making personal contact with his daughter at this time was considered to be foolhardy. He planned to set off at first light.
Chapter 9
Friday November 9th 2018

Forster switched on the recorder and began the interview with a request for Purdil Pitafi to recount his timeline and detail of the Alfa Romeo’s recent exploits. With Adams in the interview, Stephanie was able to observe, but critically look for discrepancies compared to what he had told her. All was going to plan when Pitafi suddenly stopped in mid-sentence.
“When I was asked to come here today I mentioned that it was not really convenient. You then said, well not actually you, it was D.C. Baker who convinced me it was important because some new information had come to hand. Why are we just talking about the same things again?” Forster and Adams cast a glance at each other and then the former asked Pitafi if D.C. Baker had mentioned anything about the nature of the new information. When he shook his head Stephanie visibly relaxed behind the one way screen. However, she knew this was not the end of the matter and was annoyed with herself for the indiscretion, which was merely to convince Pitafi to change his schedule. The solicitor continued. 
“No, I assumed it had to do with explaining what had happened to my car and who might be involved. Is that not the case?”
“Not really,” said Forster, “it is more to do with its possible connection to the killing of Alistair Banks.”
Pitafi’s mind raced and he sat back, folded his arms and invited Forster to continue. When that turned into a direct question regarding Pitafi’s whereabouts on late Sunday evening and the early hours of Monday morning, the atmosphere changed quickly. Pitafi asked why he had not been asked if he wanted legal representation if the interview was to be directed to the murder rather than a stolen vehicle. 
“Although I am a solicitor, I should be given such a choice. This has nothing to do with me having anything to hide. I will answer your questions when you follow procedure. Until then I am happy to talk about the car in the context of its theft. However, as I told D.C. Baker, I do have a very busy schedule every Friday and I cannot stay much longer without prejudice to my clients’ welfare. What do you suggest?”
Forster was livid at having his planned interview sequence disrupted in this way. He had wanted to make Pitafi comfortable, before suddenly revealing the matching fibre samples. He was a great believer in such focussed study of body language. Stephanie knew she was in trouble. Adams considered the predicament to be one of serendipity. Forster held back the fibre data. His reasoning was that it was not wise to allow such information to be passed to a subject, who as yet had no other concrete link to the murder. It would be better left until they had a firm suspect. When Pitafi had concluded his re-run of the missing car, he was thanked and politely escorted to the exit, having been told that the car was still of interest to forensics and he would be contacted when that status changed.
*
There was a spanner in the works in London. Gertrude Baumann had declined to travel to the UK to identify the body. It was portrayed by the German press as emotional concern for her daughter. Baumann’s parents had accepted the responsibility and had declared that it was definitely not their son. They broke down with the consequent rush of relief. When they were asked to take a second look they said it was not necessary. The body had taken more beating around the face than that of Banks, and was considerably disfigured. Alfred Baumann shook his head. 
“It is not Heinrich, even allowing for the bruising and discolouration, the eyes are wrong, the jawbone is nothing like that of my son, and if you need further proof you should check his dental records in Newcastle or Germany. However, I can save you some time, Heinrich has a small birthmark behind his right ear; this poor person does not. Now we have to find our son, and perhaps we have to speak again to Gertrude, because she insists that Heinrich took the flight with her, but disappeared while she and our granddaughter were waiting for the luggage. She thought he had gone to the toilet, but when he returned he said the two of them were to proceed to her parents’ home in Bonn. He claimed that he had received a message from Mr Banks, who apologised for missing the flight, and asked Heinrich to do him a favour. He was to take the information he was carrying to a hotel in Cologne, and then he would join her in Bonn later that evening. He never showed up.”
When Forster was informed of this, he had to contact Bradstock. They accepted that this skewed the focus back to Newcastle, especially if the dental records of the London corpse ruled out Baumann. They decided it would be better to go this route than open up further links with Germany. It was a case of a missing person abroad and two murders in the UK. Looking for Baumann was appropriately in the ball court of Germany, as that is where the evidence said he had gone missing. He was of interest to the Banks enquiry, as and when he was found. Bradstock ended the call by ratifying this was to be Forster’s direction.
 “I want to see this followed to the letter, until I hear something from Interpol, is that clear?” Forster affirmed that it was crystal clear.
*
On hearing Greg Watson’s version of this mystery body, Renton was relishing the chance to look Forster in the eyes. The union had taken up his case. It was simply based on his exemplary record and the absence of either a verbal or written warning prior to suspension. The further implication was that it could hinder any future promotion prospects. This had been set out in a letter and sent to Bernard Cousins. Predictably, Cousins wanted to avoid problems coming his way just because he had slavishly followed Bradstock’s orders. He wanted to smooth the path and had let Forster know that he was in the firing line by default. They had contacted Renton and suggested an ‘unofficial chat’. The union was not happy about this and reminded Renton that he would be in breach of the suspension if he entered the station. After a number of calls to his mobile from Forster, he agreed to ‘bump into him’ in Eldon Square shopping mall. While browsing in a newspaper booth, they agreed to meet up in a nearby coffee shop. Renton waited patiently for Forster to begin.
 “I’ve had reason to discipline D.C. Baker, it’s not too serious, but she wanted to get something off her chest. I think she was worried that it may have come out anyway. I know she made the call to Cologne without your knowledge or approval. It does throw a different light on the situation.”
“In what way do you think it changes my view of my suspension? If she’d told me of her intent, I may have sought authorisation, told her to go ahead, or just blocked it.”
“I know all that, but when she told you of the call, you didn’t reprimand her or pass the request up the line. Listen Jack, I don’t like the position I have been put in either. I don’t want to be here at all, never mind having indirect influence on a fellow officer’s career. I even have trouble with the direct orders I have been given. I didn’t want Cousins here and I sincerely believe that Baker’s confession to me can bring all this to an end. We can both be angry at Bradstock for his premature action, but do you seriously think he is doing this on his own? I’d like to speak with him following Stephanie’s admission, and correct any action which was taken on the basis of false assumptions. That is, unless I am making another false assumption – that you are still interested in the case.”
Renton was at a crossroads. Forster had not mentioned anything about the body ID in London. It would be a pertinent litmus test of his veracity if he could get him to open up about it. 
“When you assume that I’m still interested in the case you are correct, but that would count for nothing if it gets transferred. We both know that there is nervousness at the top about it prejudicing something which is presumably ‘of greater importance’. I don’t give a shit about that. Until the police code says in black and white that a murder must be kicked upstairs and cleared of political fallout before it is investigated, I will do my job. If ever such an edict appears, I will quit. Another thing we both know is that this is a game, maybe a dangerous one, nevertheless a game.”
“We all break rules and this meeting is a perfect example. Here’s another one. The body in London is not Baumann. So if he is still alive, he has to be of interest to the Germans as a missing person. That needs to be progressed first. However, he must be tied into Banks’ death in some way, and London has to find out the name of the dead person who was carrying some of Baumann’s identity paraphernalia. It’s not rocket science Jack, concentrate on Banks and if there is anything which takes you into the mist of conspiracy, check it out with Bradstock. Bernard Cousins is only an irrelevant conduit, because he is a career-massaging box-checker. If I can persuade you to speak directly to Bradstock, I’m sure we can wipe all slates clean. Think about it and let me know.”
As Renton was now even more convinced that the link between Banks’ business, Germany and the missing briefcase would ultimately reveal the reason for the killings, and therefore the killer, he was inclined to accept what Forster was offering. In reality there had been two errors of judgement. The first was down to him and the second was a direct, if hurried consequence. However, he wanted another shot at Doyle before he had to toe the line.
 “I’ll sleep on what you’ve said and call you.”
*
Lawrence Morton did not have long to wait to receive more potentially bad news. The two gurus from Intelligence had spent most of the night with Chen and his theory. By now they had conveyed the names ‘Cannon & Ball’ to themselves. This was quite a normal procedure for their department when working outside their normal habitat. Cannon was the spokesman and Ball was clearly the anorak. 
“To summarise, we concur with Chen,” said Cannon, “the fragments which gave him the clues to identify and eliminate only the added strings of code have restored them to the original structure and consequent reappearance. They are non-contentious bundles of information, which we would describe as padding. These clues only demonstrate the fact that what has occurred is reversible. I am afraid that even with the help of Chen we have not been able to restore any other fragments than those we believe we were intended to discover. It may well be a long time before you have your database back. We would also endorse Wah Chen as being capable of working on his own to look for further clues. You could of course ask our superior for a more prolonged secondment of agent Ball, to assist Chen, but I think that would require additional justification – that being catch 22 - the risk of not doing so. We haven’t been able to find any trace of exportation of data, and therefore conclude at this stage that it is simply a loss of access rather than loss or theft of data. What would you like me to do?”
 Morton tried to visualise what the P.M. would make of this. He thought it was worth the gamble to be bullish about when the data would be recovered rather than if it would ever reappear. Alloying this to the recent civil unrest over the content, it could be counted as fortuitous breathing space. A technical glitch was preferable to porosity, if it was subject to attempted infiltration, but only if the data was recovered. He mentally flipped a coin and hitched his wagon to the ingenuity of Wah Chen.
Chapter 10

Richard Doyle was reluctant to have any more discussion about the case, but Renton offered him a choice. 
“Unless I can get a better understanding of the finer points of the business transfer from you, I’ll be forced to employ an expert, who has nothing to lose by conducting an x-ray of the text, whereas I’m convinced that you have rather a lot to lose. I’m not talking purely of the fear factor you’ve painted regarding your involvement. If this is valid you should be rightly concerned. If I have to dig into this myself and inform the Inland Revenue of any irregularities I find, then surely that’s worse. It would have to become public, and that’s bad for both of us. You’re in the crosshairs, and I’ll have been forced to prematurely tip off the perpetrators that we’re on to them. Mr Doyle, in order for you to risk your life in sculpturing this merger, you must be expecting obscene financial reward in return. You don’t strike me as a heroic philanthropist, and now you appear to have lost your means of remuneration into the bargain. I can see that if you feel the deal is no longer possible, that would placate the heavy squad, and the worst aspect is that you did it all for nothing. However, if these people are as dangerous as you seem to think, it strikes me that they would want to erase the deal and its protagonists – all of them. You need to be careful. If you’re sure you don’t want to talk to me I’ll begin my search for an expert I can trust.” Doyle was shaking so much his coffee cup rattled against the saucer. He wearily unlocked his safe and retrieved a computer memory stick.
“Very well Inspector, whatever you have read in the transfer deed and its highly complex ‘legalese’ wording, what is on this stick is what was actually going to happen.” 
The screen flashed up a kind of ‘tree of life’, in reality it was a simple flow chart of asset movement and checkpoints. An independent consultant had ascribed net worth to both companies. Bio-Cure was set at £176 million and Bio-Synth GMBH at £65 million. The share structure going forward represented a dilution of Alistair Banks’ personal shareholding percentage with the new denominator of £241 million. Unlike the actual deed this flow chart indicated the number of shares Banks was selling to purchase shares in the new entity. The ratio seemed about right. There was then a note and calculation referring to a different tranche of shares to which he would be entitled once all transactions had been cleared by the tax authorities of both countries. These shares had the tag of ‘Extraordinary stock’ which could be later converted to Voting shares at a fixed ratio, or taken out as cash on a predefined schedule as long as the profit targets were achieved. The sum of £65 million provided by Banks was to underpin all of this. Renton shook his head and said, “Start talking.”
Doyle began filling in the blanks. “The German business model is different from our own in certain ways. They try to offer stimulus, especially to entrepreneurial enterprises, by tax breaks. If you have been resident in Germany and have owned shares for six months or more, and you are assessed by their Finzamt (Tax Department) when you sell those shares, there is no liability for capital gain on the transaction. If you have been resident there and owned the shares for less than six months there is a liability for capital gains tax. Our system is not so forgiving. If you sell shares the exchequer holds you responsible for the full capital gain in perpetuity. The Germans believe this discourages investors. Alistair was prepared to take some of the liability in his German residence immediately, as this reflected only the gain from his original capital, and was in cash. With a little bit of creative accounting, it became a fraction of what he was about to receive in these Extraordinary shares, even at the knock-down price. After the deal had gone through and been audited, he was to exercise the purchase option for those shares, and the £65 million deposit already made, was part of that purchase agreement. In reality he was able to leverage much more value this way. Bio-Synth GMBH knew they were going to be shut out of future markets by Alistair’s strategy, and decided to join forces rather than diversify or wither on the vine. Effectively, Alistair was going to have a controlling interest rather than what on the surface looked like a minority shareholding in the new company – Bio-Gene.”
“And your payoff?”
“It was agreed in a side letter that I would be remunerated on a percentage basis with a sliding bonus depending on the degree of smoothness with which the deal passed through scrutiny.”
“So, a small fortune then.”
“I believe it is called supply and demand Inspector.”
“Yes, but you missed out one crucial word. First comes the demand, then the supply, and in between, the delivery, which may not happen now. Baumann needs to be alive and kicking with a briefcase, or all of your creativity was for nothing. By the way, have you told Mrs Banks she is in charge of Bio-Cure Industries yet?”
“In a word, yes. It has however turned out to be much more complicated in practice, primarily because she has always said she did not even want responsibility for checking appointments with her hairdresser, never mind considering what to do with a company.”
“Well let’s look on the bright side Doyle. If we can find Baumann alive, before the goons get to you, you may be able to talk Vivienne Banks into a public declaration that the merger is defunct, and all is back to normal.” 
“Very funny Renton, but all would not be back to normal would it? Despite her absolute insistence that she wanted nothing to do with the business, my revelation to her that she would inherit the shares in any case has caused her to rethink the entire scenario. The obvious option open to her is to sell, and to recover the liquidated funds which Alistair had stuffed into the £65 million cash adjustment. The Extraordinary stock is no longer required if the deal collapses. The fly in the ointment however is the transfer bond which has probably been signed by Alistair, and authorises the money to be deposited in Germany. If there is no legal head of the company in place to rescind this bond, the money could vanish altogether. She asked me to instruct the sending bank to block the bond, due to the suspicious death of her husband. It required her signature, as legal Chairman of the board of Bio-Cure Industries. She has wasted no time in bullying the board to appoint a temporary Chief Executive to give her time to steady the ship. I must admit she has grasped the seriousness of the situation much more competently than I thought possible. You may be just as surprised as I was at the choice of Chief Executive. Julian Hepworth apparently had to be leaned upon emotionally as one of Alistair’s closest friends. He maintained that his hands were already full with his own company, but she demolished this with an offer for him to recruit a competent replacement at her cost. It was a no lose situation for him.” Renton was not going to share this information with anyone just yet. 
“Very interesting, I’ll need to be kept up to date on this, as I think we have a common interest in Baumann or someone else trying to cash that bond. Why wouldn’t they have done so already?”
“Alistair filled in the payee, which I had assumed was the new merged company. However I did not witness the completion of the bond, as Alistair was in a hurry and said he would attend to it later. If he has made it out to an account number, that could be anyone. It is a good point you raise Inspector. Either the bond has been presented and the clearing process is underway or it has not been presented at all. Our sending bank should have alerted us if it had already received notification of clearing instruction, especially as we have now tried to block it. I will speak to them again now as the weekend is almost upon us.”
“Good, I’ll wait while you make the call.” 
Renton’s mind was in overdrive. He began to suspect that the bond had never reached Germany. When Doyle came off the phone his shake of the head confirmed his hunch. 
“The bank has no clearing alert from Germany and they insist that an amount of this size would be on their radar.” Renton left to try to arrange another meeting with Ben Adams.
*
Because Adams had never bought into Stephanie Baker’s obsession with Pitafi, he decided to pay one more visit to Jimmy the Akita dog walker.
 “Now Jimmy, you’ve been very helpful to us already and I’d like to ask you about the man who directed you and Fang on to the path while the blue car was being pulled up the ramp of the recovery vehicle.” Adams was aware of how reliable a witness Jimmy would make if he was called to the stand.
 “I have some pictures for you to look at.” The first set was different vehicles from Briggs’ yard. “It is very important for us to know exactly which type you saw. You said it was a crane when we first asked you and you later remembered the Briggs logo. Take your time and see if you can see the same vehicle amongst these.”
“Aye, alreet then.” It was only a few seconds before he pointed to the recovery truck which Briggs Plant Hire admitted had been despatched to the Angel. “That’s the one, that one there.”
“Now Jimmy, I need to explain something. That is what the Briggs people refer to as a recovery truck, this one here is a crane. Are you certain it was this one?”
“Oh aye, I see what you mean like. I just meant that the crane was liftin’ the car up a’height and that.”
“Right, but I’ll need you to make another statement to confirm this. The device on the back of the recovery truck is more commonly called a winch. I know that they both lift things off the ground. However a crane apparently lifts them up directly, whereas a winch pulls them up a slope. Because I’ll have to go back to Briggs’ yard to ask them again about which vehicle was used, I need you to be absolutely sure.”
“No problem. It was definitely this one, and the car was at an angle, but I couldn’t see the underside, ye knaa.”
“Ok, that’s great. Now, the man who spoke to you might be amongst these pictures, have a look at them.” Jimmy shook his head. Adams had compiled a rogues’ gallery with two different press photos of Pitafi taken during one of his rallies against the Muslim Shield. He asked Jimmy one more question.
 “I know it was very dark that night, but did you have any idea of the cultural background, ethnicity or race of the man?”
“Eh?”
“Sorry, I wondered if the man was white, black, Asian, or was it too dark with his hard hat on to tell?”
“Oh, wey he wasn’t black, or Asian if ye mean Chinese.”
“How about Indian, Pakistani, Arab?”
“Nah, he just looked like a hard nut from the Toon, a skinheed like. The lump on his face twisted his mouth when he was givin’ me and Fang a bollickin’ for not gettin’ on the path. I was a bit scared of him really.” 
Adams thanked him and set off for Briggs’ yard. The same set of pictures was shown to the driver of the recovery vehicle and met with the same negative response for Pitafi. He also recalled the facial distortion due to the lump, and was even more certain than Jimmy that the man was white. 
“He paid me under the street lights. He was quite well dressed for a fella’ who had his hair shaved down to the wood and the snake tattoos he had on the backs of his hands.”
Adams was both pleased and disappointed. It allowed them to press on with forensic investigation of the car, having no direct evidence to place the owner at the scene. However, Stephanie and the uniformed officer had not done a great job in collecting detailed statements. He knew she had been verbally disciplined by Forster, and considered confronting her one-to-one. He knew she was better than this, and she was getting carried away with being fast-tracked to promotion. The problem he anticipated was in her attitude going forward from here, with two admonishments in two days. He knew Renton was better at these things, and he would run it by the boss. Just then his phone rang. It was Forster.
“I think you need to get back here Ben, there has been another significant development. I have been asked to go to London. Do you have any other mobile number for D.C.I. Renton? I can’t raise him on the one I have at present and I must speak to him urgently.”
“No I don’t, he may have it switched off. Anyway I’m on my way back now.”
This was not a good time for Forster to be heading for the capital. The planned protest march through Newcastle was scheduled for the next day, Saturday. The Chinese and Polish moderate groups had forged closer ties and their banners were to reflect the name Enigma. It was born out of the burgeoning frustration with the failure of the moderate Muslims to regularly and vociferously condemn the stance of the Muslim Shield. They were putting out the message that all ethnic groups should be united against the spectre of genetic classification and beyond. They were critical of government reluctance to openly discuss their intent, and the worry over the missing database. However, in wanting to bring moderate Muslims into the fold, they were on collision course again with the Muslim extremists. The government had also failed to factor in sufficient concern about those of Chinese and Polish origin who wanted more draconian action than a few placards, and parading up Northumberland Street. The police did not underestimate the potential powder keg coming so soon after the recent riots. The march had been given official approval some time ago, but now police reinforcements were being drafted in from the other arms of the Three Rivers region. Unknown to them, other reinforcements were at the ready, courtesy of the Colony.
*
Beresford’s craft had been anchored some distance off the shore of the Isle of Bute, not too far from the mainland of the west of Scotland. He and his wife had been collected and deposited at Inverkip, a marina on the mainland, and were now on their way south to Carlisle where they would meet up with Eddie Finley, before the final onward stretch to Newcastle. Vivienne was in for a pleasant surprise, at least by the appearance of her mother. Beresford would be more shocked than surprised that he was meeting with the new head of Bio-Cure Industries.
*
When Ben Adams entered the office of his regular boss with Forster behind the desk, it still grated with his sense of justice. He could almost smell the anxiety. 
“Sit down Ben. I’ve managed to locate Renton and he’s on his way here. He will brief you as to why when he arrives. I asked you to come back because London has reported another body having been found. I know this is almost a daily occurrence in the Capital these days, with accidents, drugs, gang skirmishes, fires and all the other causes of sudden urban mortality. They don’t usually have identification on them which suggests they are Harry Bowman or Heinrich Baumann.” Adams expression bordered on incredulity but he remained silent as Foster continued. 
“The circumstances seem a little different with this one. Firstly it is the body of a woman. The first corpse in the abandoned hospital was carrying ID which was for the German version – Baumann. This woman has similar stuff for Bowman. Also the former was ‘hidden away’ whereas this one was noticed at first light swinging from Tower Bridge on an elasticated cord. The cord seems to have been carefully estimated to allow the body to bob in and out of the water in temporary concert with the tide. This information has just been released, and as yet it is not accompanied by a cause of death. Bradstock called me half an hour ago to brief me and get me down there as quickly as possible. He wants me to do this as I already carry quite a bit of data from here, and there’s no doubt now that these killings are linked. Also the implication is that they may not stop at three. Sorry that I have to dash for my flight. Renton will fill you in with what happens next here. I’m sure we will be working together in the near term.” Adams had still not uttered a word and simply waved him goodbye.
.
Chapter 11
Saturday November 10th 2018

Having decided to accept the complete removal of the suspension from his record Renton wanted to get stuck into the case again, not because of the explosive public interest it had already attracted, but rather the professional challenge it waved in his face. Adams felt it was a fitting reversal of vulnerability which forced the brass to back down. Even in just a few days the two of them had got used to getting out of the office to shoot the breeze, and that was the first decision – they would continue to do so. The walk along the almost totally deserted sand at Druridge Bay on the wild and beautiful Northumberland coast was set to the rhythm of huge crashing waves and a distant dog barking at an irretrievable toy. The rolling dunes gave way to smooth wide sand expanses, which had over the decades inspired many artists to capture one of the best kept secrets of the industrial age. Renton stated the obvious.
“Nothing and everything has changed in a few days Ben. Baumann’s whereabouts and Banks’ briefcase still hold the key to all of this in terms of why? So what has changed? Vivienne Banks has, according to Doyle, grabbed Bio-Cure Industries for herself. I wasn’t going to make this known to Forster, and I wasn’t going to burden you with it until I was reinstated. Well that’s now happened, and we can talk to her again in her new capacity. Both Baumann and Vivienne are now in the frame of following the money – the probable motive. Do you want to comment, throw in a challenge to the logic, or just tell me that you think I’m heading for more confrontation with Bradstock?”
Adams quietly said, “You haven’t mentioned Germany, but I know you well enough to believe that you still think there is something relevant there. So, I guess you have a scheme in mind.”
“You’re on the money Ben. This time I’ll go straight to Bradstock before I act on anything, in fact I may be able to convince him to do it for me. Tell me, in my absence what’s been done about Banks’ Sim-card?”
“I don’t know what you are talking about boss.”
“Clive Donoghue found no mobile on Banks but there was a Sim-card in his shoe. He wanted to check it for prints, listed numbers and recent calls before passing it on to us.” Adams still looked at him blankly and shrugged his shoulders. “Did I not mention this at the time?”
“Not to me, I’d have followed it up, you know that.”
“Yes, you would have, it’s a critical piece of evidence. It should tell us who Banks did and did not speak to in the period after the match, and before the missed flight to Cologne. Let’s check it out with Donoghue.” 
The reply was worrying. Apparently a report plus the Sim-card had been sent in a re-sealable evidence bag to Forster. They returned to the office and hunted for the bag without success. Renton gazed out of the window while tapping his finger on the desktop. After a prolonged period Adams could not resist a jibe.
 “Boss, is that Morse-Code or an AC/DC track? It’s doing my head in.”
“This reinforces my need to involve Bradstock, and I need to do it right now.”
“Hey, come on, it’s Saturday, he won’t take kindly to this. Let’s do some digging and put off your call to Bradstock until Monday. Maybe Forster has a reasonable explanation.”
“Ben, you need to distance yourself from this for now. I’m nudging towards fifty and I know nothing other than police work and how the system operates. I’m being manipulated here. You’re still young enough to think about doing something else with your life, and you should seriously consider all of your options. Forster being whisked away to London was in the plan, the new body merely provided the cover.” Renton rang headquarters in Midwest and as expected was told Bradstock was unavailable.
“My name is Renton, D.C.I. in the Newcastle section of the Three Rivers Force. I have some critical information for the Chief, and I’m sure he will be angry with you if he has to wait until Monday because you declined to connect me with him. I advise you to speak to your immediate superior and ask if it’s possible for the Chief to call me. That way we are both off the hook, if he doesn’t see the request as urgent. I’ll wait here for another hour.”
The anxious wait was punctuated by Adams trying to weigh up Renton’s brinkmanship strategy. He confessed to agreeing with the logic, and that he was out of his depth with the politics. The ring managed to acquire a sinister tone.
 “Renton.”
“What now? I am at a rather important meeting, which is now suspended by my withdrawal. This had better be good Renton.”
“Yes Sir, I considered waiting until Monday but I began to realise that time could be an important factor. The Sim-card recovered from what we believe was Alistair Banks’ mobile at the Angel, has gone missing. Our head of forensics assures me that there was critical information on the card and that it was sent back to C.I.D. with a full report. In my absence, my detective sergeant hasn’t been apprised of this, and I don’t know why. I suppose I could have just informed C.C. Cousins or asked D.C.I. Forster about it, but I’m trying to adhere to my new brief of confining all enquiries to Banks and the Newcastle evidence. I didn’t want to speculate as to who may be involved with the disappearance of the card, but I would’ve thought at least a copy of the report should have been filed. I know I can get another copy from Clive Donoghue, but that doesn’t recover the actual evidence – the card. I’m also sensitive to creating unnecessary speculation by beginning a station-wide search which could then be interpreted as a cover-up. I know this is irregular, but I’m simply asking your advice.”
The silence was agonising. “I see. Well we can’t have critical evidence going missing. If you are sure it has disappeared I suggest you make sure that it is not sloppy housekeeping. I take your point about causing speculation if it cannot be found. Don’t worry too much about informing me before Cousins or Forster on this occasion. It is something I can bring up with them in casual conversation, to see if there is a logical explanation. I suppose you have considered that in the rush to get to the Capital, at my insistence, Forster may have inadvertently taken it when clearing his desk?”
“It was the first thing that occurred to me Sir, and I had also agreed with D.C.I. Forster that I’d sleep on the offer to return to office. When he called me to say things had moved on and he would appreciate an immediate response, I kind of rallied to the call. The last thing I wanted to do was call him and appear to be poking my nose into the speculation trough again. That’s why I made sure the Sim-card wasn’t here, before calling you. If Forster has it we can relax. If he hasn’t then I must shake the tree here, and that would take some time unless we just declare it missing now.”
“Yes, I believe that should be the order of things. You were correct to ring me. I will get back to you when I have spoken to Forster.” Bradstock hung up.
“Did you get all of that on the recorder Ben?”
“I certainly did. What do you think the odds are of him ringing you back?”
“If I was a betting man, and I am, I would say one hundred percent. Forster is in for a dressing down. Whether he took it by mistake or deliberately, he has screwed up. He may have thought Donoghue had sent the report without having already told me about the card. Look Ben, there are phone calls which we’ve been told Banks made from London. First of all to his wife, to say he wasn’t returning on Saturday. Then there was one to the pilot with the same message. He was alleged by Baumann’s wife to have sent a message to the German in Cologne airport, to meet with someone in a hotel, but that’s second hand testimony. The message could have been voice or text. There’s also supposed to be a call from his chauffeur with an offer to pick him up from his intended sleeper train arrival in Newcastle. Except for the Baumann message, they all fall under our jurisdiction. The fact that there are now two bodies, which are blatantly advertised as Baumann but not Baumann, is why we need to be kept out of that loop. Bradstock now knows, just as Forster did that Donoghue had produced a report. Clive told me he has his copy on file. How about this for a punt? Bradstock will call me to say Forster has the card, and it will be returned minus the Baumann message. When Clive comes in to retrieve his copy, it won’t be there.”
“You really do think we are being shafted, don’t you, boss?”
“I’m a cynical old fart even at the best of times Ben, and these aren’t the best of times. Be prepared for more surprises.”
*
The protest marchers had assembled, in excess of four thousand. They were mostly genuinely concerned Chinese people with British citizenship, and Poles who either had applications for similar status or had already been approved. The police had information that the remaining minority were seasoned troublemakers from all backgrounds. They had not accounted for Paul Grimes’ recruits or more importantly, their agenda. The Enigma placards had various messages on them, some merely extoled the need for the entire population to challenge the government’s transparency over the content and intended uses of the Genetic Profile Directory. Others were more provocative, saying ‘no to extremism within Islam and the government’. There were a few moderate Muslims who carried no placards, simply marching to emphasise their unease. Purdil Pitafi was amongst them.
 This group was the focus of Grimes’ activity. Northumberland Street was a very busy pedestrian shopping area, but many had kept away because of the mounting tension around the city, even though the police downplayed the risk of a racial inferno. Barricades at both sides of the street were supposed to represent the demarcation between protestors and spectators. Mounted police were patrolling them. The march had not even reached halfway toward the Haymarket bus station when all hell broke loose. Members of the Muslim Shield had already begun to shout abuse at those of their own religious persuasion. One of them fell and it was assumed that the cause had emanated from the barricades, primarily because of the finger pointing and yelling by Grimes’ ethnic buddies. The primer had worked and the barricades were breached by the Muslim Shield. It happened so quickly that many of the mounted officers were thrown from their horses, despite the animals being thoroughly disciplined. Baseball bats, iron bars, knuckledusters and tazers appeared out of nowhere and most of the police were still deployed in the wrong place to break up the running battle. 
Some protestors and bystanders sought refuge in shops which had decided not to close, causing more mayhem in spaces which were difficult to police. The decision to employ water cannon complicated matters on the ground and in the air. The helicopters lost considerable perspective in identifying the pattern of hot spots. It was worse on the ground as non-participants started to flee in all directions. Although the overall eruption melted away relatively quickly, there were already thirty-one dead accounted for, including two police, and Purdil Pitafi. The evening news began to ask questions of Bernard Cousins and his approval of such an event in the middle of the city, and yet more serious accusations of the police tactics to handle such possible consequences. The footage on national TV went further than the local stations in demanding answers from the Prime Minister. Although many arrests were made for public order offences, the police were resigned to poring through CCTV footage to identify the more serious offenders, including the killers of the very first to die – Purdil Pitafi.
Chapter 12

Renton and Adams had been alerted to what was happening in the city while waiting for Bradstock to call. They were riveted to the coverage, and were startled as the phone rang. It wasn’t Bradstock, it was Doyle.
 “Inspector I just wanted to put us both a little more at ease. I had a call from the bank and have it on good authority that no bond has been presented in Cologne, so the block which Vivienne registered appears to have avoided an embarrassing situation. I detest having to work on Saturdays, this is an exception.”
“Thanks for the call Mr Doyle, I appreciate your help.” Adams looked confused again until Renton filled in the detail. 
“What a slimy bastard he is.” 
Adams’ piercing stare was accompanied by a jibe that Renton had put more hours into the case while suspended than he ever did when at the office. They both laughed briefly, being interrupted by the phone again. This time it was Bradstock. Adams gave the thumbs-up that they were on record. 
“Crisis over Renton, you were correct. Forster didn’t even know it was in his hurriedly gathered in-tray. He will send both the report and the Sim-card by overnight courier today, and he asks you to call him to give him the delivery details if you want it first thing in the morning, otherwise he will dispatch it to the station. I have explained to him why you came to me first and he admits he would have done the same. As far as Cousins is concerned, I think he has more than enough to distract him from the unorthodox route you chose. If you would prefer, I can claim to have no knowledge of it. It would make sense – then nobody needs to get out of their pram.”
“Thanks for your understanding Sir, I’m happy to forget this if you are. The main thing, as you say, is to get the Sim-card back into the evidence file. I’ll contact Forster and get it delivered to my home as it will save me coming into the office tomorrow.” Adams slow smile said it all and he suggested they should ask uniform about Pitafi.
*
Beresford had received a call to say that some sports channels had interrupted their coverage of football matches to bring news of riots. He asked his driver to put on the radio. His wife was horrified and Beresford asked her to resist the urge to call Vivienne. 
“We want this trip to be as pleasant as possible, let’s not start out with bad news. There is nothing we can do about it.” She agreed.
*
Renton and Adams were accompanied to the riot scene by a uniformed officer and instructions had been sent ahead to keep the body of Purdil Pitafi separate from the others until they arrived. They travelled back with the allocated ambulance to the morgue and alerted Gregory Watson. Renton used the time to bring Adams up to speed with his plan to redeploy Stephanie Baker. 
“She’s a good detective Ben, and I know that she has rough edges, so this is what I have in mind. She stays on this case, but only in a capacity of evaluating the evidence. I don’t want her making outside calls, interviewing people or taking statements. I want to use her instinct as an analyst, nothing more. I’ll use this to make her see that we have to work as a team. She’ll be bitterly disappointed but knows she had it coming. I want her to report everything, and I mean everything through you. If she steps out of line once more she risks trashing her career. Do you have any concerns about this?”
“None whatsoever.”
“Good, well then, after we get Greg’s view on whether he’s going to start the post-mortem tonight, you should head on home.”
“No way, I wanted to bounce something off you about the possibility you mentioned earlier, you know, that Clive Donoghue’s report may no longer be in the file. Your other hunches were right, so I wondered if you could fancy an Indian take-away?”
“Absolutely, it might help to dull my overactive brain, if not my stomach.”
They were sharing Sri Lankan duck and chicken Biryani at Adams’ apartment overlooking the marina at St. Peter’s Basin, when Renton’s mobile began to vibrate. It was Donoghue.
 “I could not rest easy, and did not want a sleepless night, so I came in to check the file. The report is not there.”
“I expected that Clive. Tampering with evidence has to be taken seriously, so you must log the incident and we’ll take it from there.”
“Yes I will do so, however all is not lost. It was Angela, one of my assistants who checked the list of names against the call history, and fortunately she retained her handwritten copy. Should I leave it on your desk?”
“No, keep it with you until I get there. I’m on my way.”
During the short drive Renton reminded Adams that he was about to query something with Bradstock in relation to this Sim-card. 
“I hope I’m not letting my imagination extrapolate too far ahead of facts, so let’s wait and see what’s on Angela’s note.” It turned out better than expected. The alleged calls were indeed all listed and pretty much fitted with the accounts of Vivienne, the pilot, and the chauffeur, Martin Parrish. The call to Baumann however, did not fit with the arrival time of his flight to Cologne. It was much earlier; in fact it was before the flight took off from Heathrow.
“Well, well,” said Renton, “either his wife was lying or he was, when he supposedly returned to the luggage carousel in Cologne. Why would he do that?” Adams was very quiet and waited until Donoghue excused himself to return home a relieved man.
 “There’s another possibility boss. I was wondering about it anyway, as I mentioned earlier. I keep thinking about the sequence of these deaths, and particularly those with Baumann ID on them. Unless we find some connection of their real ID with Baumann, they may be random victims, but with a simple intent. He has literally evaporated and tried to distance himself from his vulnerable family as a first priority. I guess it’s my turn to air a hunch. He deliberately told his wife a bullshit story about having to meet someone in a Cologne hotel. Whoever is responsible for the Tower Bridge and abandoned hospital killings could actually be searching for Baumann, and we’re being used to that end. It fits with him being called by Banks, who was confirming when they would meet up again before the flight. We’re being prevented from asking for help in Germany, where he is supposed to have gone AWOL, but where would he be least expected to head for?”
Renton interjected, “You mean you think he came back to London? If he knew Banks was in imminent danger you could be right, and we still have to factor in this bloody briefcase. You know, you could be on to something here Ben, and we can’t be rapped over the knuckles for checking UK flight manifestos. Let’s get on to it immediately.”
It did not progress immediately. Greg Watson had come in to take a cursory look at Pitafi’s body, and make notes to begin the post-mortem in the morning. He rang Renton.
 “So I am still stuck with you Jack, Saturday evenings included. I’ll be brief. Pitafi died from a stab wound from behind, which was very savage, as it exited from the chest after passing though his heart. It was brutal but efficient. I would suggest that it was a long, thin cylindrical implement, delivered with considerable force and even more accuracy. I should have a better picture on the other stuff by Monday.”
Adams wanted to speak to Heathrow but was prevented by Renton.
 “I said earlier we can delegate some things upwards, especially those which could catch them out if they lie. When I said we should get on to it immediately, I meant through Bradstock. He’s going to get really pissed off with my voice over the next few days.” 
Once again their train of thought was uncoupled, the boys in uniform had been meticulously checking the many CCTV cameras on Northumberland Street, and one of them had picked out Pitafi. In the background the officer’s eagle eye had spotted a vaguely familiar face with a wound dressing to one side of his nose. The officer had almost decided to let it pass when he realised who it was.
 “What threw me Sir was the missing moustache.” The duty officer then recalled the testimony of Jimmy the dog walker, and decided to contact C.I.D. “It may be nothing Jack, but I doubt it. He is known to work for Paul Grimes, who is also on the footage. We would be talking to them both anyway as witnesses, as they were so close to Pitafi when he went down.” Renton thanked him and told Adams.
 “We’re going to need Jimmy and the recovery truck driver to check him out, if there’s sufficient cause after we interview him. I think we should let uniform soften him up first by questioning him over the riots. It’s getting late and I want to catch Bradstock early in the morning, before he settles down to his croissants and coffee.” 
Adams nodded but drew his attention to the TV. The mute was employed but they saw Cousins being interviewed on the regional news. On turning up the volume they heard him deflecting barbed questions about both the handling of the protest march and the lack of information on the Banks murder. He promised a press conference on Monday. Renton’s upbeat demeanour turned sour.
 “That’s something we don’t need. He must have had pressure by now from Bradstock. It should be an interesting conversation with Nigel at sparrow-fart in the morning. I can’t see him becoming Sir Nigel in a few weeks’ time. Can you, Ben?”
*
Beresford’s driver turned on to the private road leading to the gates of Vivienne Banks’ residence. Pressing the entry pad met with no response. Beresford’s wife remonstrated with her husband for not telephoning ahead. He reluctantly rang her mobile; he had wanted to arrive completely unannounced. She was dining out at Café 21 on the quayside, and was less than enthusiastic about leaving her escort.
 “Vivienne, for once in your life just consider your family ahead of your hedonistic cronies, your mother has been looking forward to seeing you for months. I’m used to your vitriol, but she doesn’t deserve to suffer because of what you think of me. Why don’t you have another drink and that will give us time to collect you. I know where this restaurant is.”
“Ok, but I am not stupid pater, Mum is here because she wants to be with me. You are here because of Alistair’s death, and to determine how you can benefit from the tragedy. You had better prepare for a fruitless trip.” He didn’t want to have such a conversation with a potentially curious audience at her end, and closed the call. 
She smiled across the table at Julian Hepworth. “I think we had better get the bill, I don’t want a scene in here. We can talk again about Bowman when my parents have gone. I am eternally grateful for your help Julian and Alistair would have appreciated our efforts to keep his dream going along the lines he wanted.”
 She kissed him lightly on the cheek and called the waiter. Hepworth thought it would be better if he left before Beresford arrived. The greeting between mother and daughter was overtly emotional, while Beresford remained in the car. Hardly a word was spoken on the journey back. Once the driver was despatched, the pent-up tension gave way to the usual exchange of insults, which were always followed by sobbing from Mrs Beresford. She pleaded with them to leave all of this until the next morning.
 “Can you both just settle down and I will make a coffee? This angst helps nobody, and if you must behave like two spitting vipers, do it while I take a walk in the woods tomorrow. It’s not asking much for us to respect Alistair’s passing without immediately dissolving into the dysfunctional family we have become.” She looked at her husband and added, “He was our son-in-law for God’s sake, we need to help our daughter to grieve; surely you can’t be so insensitive at a time like this.” 
Vivienne had never known her mother take him on like this, and tried to hide her facial betrayal of pride amongst the tears. She joined her Mum in the kitchen to make the coffee, and hugged her passionately. They agreed to cut the evening short and catch up with lost sleep.
*
Cousins called Renton just as he was nodding off. “Jack I don’t know whether you caught the news but I have had to agree to a press conference on Mo…”
“Monday, yes I saw the interview. Do you think this is wise? I mean I can understand the need to try to calm public perception with respect to the riots, but I have to say that the Banks case may suffer if we are forced to reveal stuff prematurely. It’s too early for the appeal route.”
“I know, but I’m under pressure on all sides, and we can’t just continue to sidestep genuine questions. Would you be happier if I let you handle the press on your own?”
“Yes I think that would be preferable, as long as you make that clear at the start.”
“Alright, that allows us to prepare independent of one another. I’m counting on you D.C.I. Renton.” The reply was reassuring, but was interpreted as – ‘you mean your arse is hanging out of the penthouse window.’
*
As midnight approached Paul Grimes and Vic Jackson were sighted in the Bigg Market in the city centre. The plain clothes observers reported that they were in a group of about ten or twelve individuals who were all the worse for wear with alcohol. It was considered to be a dangerous place to apprehend them. Backup was drafted in to work in relays until the two could be isolated. Finally the group left the pub and began to splinter. As the two targets peeled off at the junction with Collingwood Street and turned right toward the Central Station, four squad cars appeared out of nowhere to confine them to one side of the road. They ran, but were heavily inebriated; Grimes tripped and rolled over making the job easier for about half of the sixteen armed response officers. Jackson was more nimble and tried to head for the cover of Saturday night revellers. Screaming broke out and became contagious. One of the more athletic officers caught up with him as the bystanders parted. He was punched and head-butted before his colleagues arrived. An attempted caution was greeted with profanities and a spitting frenzy. The sheer weight of numbers eventually got him physically subdued and handcuffed. He was bundled into the nearest car, which followed the one in which Grimes was relatively philosophical, almost cocky about the situation.
*
As Jack Renton tried desperately to shut out the day’s events and drift into the welcoming arms of sleep, his mind wandered on to the bigger picture of what life had left in store for him. He couldn’t make up his mind whether his own persona was more or less pathetic than society in general. The specifics of the case, and the gulf between his ingrained principles and those of the upper echelons to which he had to answer, reflected a microcosm of the wider world outside of law enforcement. There was fear in London of more indiscriminate killings, fear in the Northeast of rising racial tension, conveniently piggybacked on the sinister implications in a Genetic Profile Directory. There was fear in the Midwest within the police hierarchy that control was relentlessly slipping from their grasp. There was fear in government that they had erred on numerous fronts of policy. There was acute fear amongst moderate Muslim communities in most urban areas that they had lost an important voice in Purdil Pitafi, and there was reciprocal fear in the Muslim Shield that they were being systematically engineered into predetermined conflict of someone else’s choosing. All of this had already been nurtured by years of austerity and fear of it lasting for decades more. The gossamer-thin membrane between Renton’s subconscious and lucid cerebral oscillation fashioned its very own expression. ‘We are standing on the brink of Absolute and Resident Fear.’ 
He woke up in a heavy sweat, paced around the kitchen while the kettle boiled, and took a couple of painkillers for his vice-like headache. Forcing his attention back from self-analysis and rampant putrefaction within society, to the one and only evident talent of his sad existence, he recovered the hard line between apathy and villainy. Just quite why his immediate focus had shifted from the briefcase to the impending interview with Grimes and Jackson, he couldn’t fathom, but he knew it was not solely the position of the sticking plaster on the latter’s face. He ruffled his greasy hair, as if it would help the headache on its way. The first sip of the strong black tea triggered another infusion – one which competed with the headache. He was breaking one of his very few commandments of detection. ‘If the evidence is solid and the culprit goes free, move on.’ It had to be the responsibility of others to rule the courtroom. That was it, despite many charges faced by these two thugs, proven beyond any doubt in his humble opinion - they had never been convicted of anything other than public order offences. Until now, he had buried his frustration over the corruption which had allowed these people to continue their wanton disregard for the law, or anyone who got in their way. He was aching for them to be found guilty of something which would get them off the street for a few years. He was seeking reinforcement of a rotting rung in a ladder, a platform from which to ascend to a modicum of self-esteem. The painkillers had kicked in and he eventually fell asleep.
Chapter 13
Sunday November 11th 2018

Breakfast started out pleasantly enough, but it was never going to last. When the trading of insults began Mrs Beresford announced she was going for her planned stroll. At first it was all one way, with Vivienne choosing to ignore the cross-examination by her father. Most of it was about the will. When he ran out of patience and declared that he was not going to write any more blank cheques, she exploded. 
“Have you ever subjected your own ludicrous lifestyle to the revelations of a microscope, as you do for mine? You make me sick, mostly for the way you treat my mother, but also for your incessant ‘holier than thou’ attitude. You can’t live onshore anymore, because of the monster you have created, yet you delude yourself that it’s all worthwhile. You keep claiming the protection is as much for Mum as it is for you, but you’ve never stopped to ask her what it’s like living in a prison of material luxury, at the expense of all else. I’ve never told you before, but now seems to be as good a time as any – I’ve advised her to leave you on many occasions, to see how you cope with the isolation. Now that I’m widowed and living alone, I will ask her if she wants to come and live with me. Now, in order for you to prepare for your departure, I’m not going to answer any more questions about how your helpless little girl will get by now that her personal bubble has burst. What I will willingly tell you, just so you can pretend to fret even more over my wellbeing, is that I’m going to run Bio-Cure Industries myself for now. No doubt you will say that I’ll run it into the ground, but you may be surprised. So, if you’d like to clear off and leave Mum to spend some time with me, that would be a good start to our new relationship.” He could see some of himself in her at long last, but it was in the wrong arena.
“Vivienne, if this was any old company I’d be doing cartwheels at your belated thirst for responsibility, but you have no idea of how many people there are out there who simply cannot afford to let you pick up where Alistair left off. At least let me guide you on stuff I do know about and..”
“Who said anything about carrying on with Alistair’s plans? Now if you’ll excuse me I have a meeting to attend. Make sure you tell Mum about my invitation and lock up when you leave.”
Beresford had anticipated trouble from his wayward offspring, but this was lunacy. It also meant that he needed to change his itinerary. He would have to meet with certain people earlier than planned. He decided to go along with the suggestion for his wife to stay on a few days, while he sculptured his new arrangements.
*
Renton got the expected response from the Midwest, Bradstock was not available. He prevailed as he had done last time, and was confronted with a ferocious tirade, adequately punctuated with profanities. It seemed at odds with the actual explanation that Bradstock was preparing to attend church with his family. His voice became calmer when Renton dropped the news that there was a retained copy of Banks’ call history. Renton pressed on. 
“It just shows that electronics have not totally replaced pen and paper altogether.” He paused to allow Bradstock some thinking time, and then resumed. “I realise that we still need the actual Sim-card as evidence to match what I have in front of me, and I expect that later today.” Another pause made him feel confident. “The calls from people who are still in Newcastle tie up with the testimony we have. However, as I don’t want to stray into the other jurisdictions again, I thought you’d like to know that the call Banks made to Baumann was before the flight which Alistair failed to catch. This is apparently at odds with what Baumann’s father said at the London morgue, when he said the body was not that of his son.” He paused once more for the inevitable challenge, and Bradstock did not disappoint. 
“How do you know that?” Renton feigned an apology for overhearing it being discussed between the Newcastle morgue staff and forensics.
 “Apparently, Gregory Watson was called by the London people, as they were comparing grit which was found on Banks’ body with stuff from the abandoned hospital. They were a match. I think they were trying to fit this with the relative time of death for each of them, and Baumann’s father’s assertion came up.” Bradstock’s voice was now decidedly different.
“And now you think that both Banks and Baumann knew they were in danger before the flight. Well that would make Baumann more concerned to get his family out of the UK as soon as he could. Good work Jack.”
“I’m not finished Sir. If his wife actually said what was reported in the German press, that Baumann told her he had to proceed to a Cologne hotel, and the family went to Bonn, it may have been to distract anyone who may have followed him. I just think it would be prudent to check if he actually stayed in Germany, or came back here. Everyone seems to be looking for him, and I don’t want another body to appear here. Death seems to follow him around. I wondered if you could find out if he came back to the UK. I think it’d be prudent to know this before the press, and they are very resourceful.” Renton had neatly handed Bradstock both problems - any discrepancy between Angela’s note and the card, and disseminating information of Baumann’s probable whereabouts. 
“You are absolutely right, leave it with me.”
*
When uniform spoke separately with Paul Grimes and Vic Jackson they simply took the ‘no comment’ route. There was sufficient clear footage to charge them with inciting public disorder, and they did not deny that they had thrown projectiles at groups behind the barricades. They would not even comment on their targets being members of the Muslim Shield, who were carrying their own placards. When they were told to wait for C.I.D. interrogation they reacted differently for the first time. Grimes’ insolent expression never changed, and he ‘requested’ a cup of tea. Jackson became ever so slightly nervous, and more so the longer he was kept waiting. When Renton and Adams entered and switched on the recorder, Jackson asked what it was all about. Renton was gazing at the forensics report on the blue Alfa Romeo, and noted that fingerprints found on the boot lid had been run against the database without finding a match. He then looked up at the two of them.
 “We need to speak with you separately. Grimes would you please follow the uniformed officer to another room.” He complied.
He then turned to Jackson. “What’s wrong with your face?” 
“I’ve always been this ugly.”
“Yes, we know that, but you have got a dressing on your cheek.”
“Got mugged down by the Ouseburn last week. I sorted the two bastards out though.” 
“Right, I’m just looking at a photograph of you from our files, and you really haven’t got much prettier since this was taken. I notice the dressing is in exactly the same place as an unsightly lump on this photo.”
“Look, you haven’t told me what this is about, so I’m leaving.” He stood up and the uniformed officer at the door took slightly closer attendance. Renton hit him with another question.
“Where were you in the early hours of Monday 5th November? It should be easy to remember, you know, Guy Fawkes and all that.”
“I’m not answering any more questions, now I want to leave.”
“Sit down. Victor Jackson, I’m arresting you in connection with the death of Alistair Banks.” Adams was just as surprised as Jackson. Renton read him the usual caution and asked if he wanted legal representation. Jackson showed the first signs of panic and nodded. The interview was temporarily suspended while Jackson made his call.
In the meantime Adams visited Grimes, who was idly twiddling his thumbs. After the usual procedures, he said this was a preliminary interview, and let him know that Jackson had called for a solicitor. 
“We wanted to talk to you both about the death of Alistair Banks, but your pal seems to be nervous without a legal presence. Do you feel the same?” Grimes shook his head, but said nothing.
 “We want to ask about a blue Alfa Romeo which was seen at the Angel that night, or to be more precise, in the early hours of Monday 5th November. We have a witness who saw someone beside the car just prior to the body being discovered. I suppose you’re familiar with this as it’s been on the news.” Grimes shrugged his shoulders and pointed to the empty tea cup.
 “I could do with another brew.”
“Ok,” said Adams, “I’ll get one sent in. I’m going back to speak with Jackson’s legal representative before questioning him again. We’ll be holding both of you in connection with this suspicious death. Jackson has been arrested, and depending on further interrogation we may charge you. If you do think of something you want to say, just tell the officer outside and he’ll come and get me.” 
*
Vivienne Banks had arranged to meet with Julian Hepworth and Martin Parrish at the Bio-Cure corporate office. She wanted to reassure the latter that his contract with the company would continue and prepare him for her intended travel schedule in the coming week. He was immensely relieved. 
“I was prepared for the worst, knowing that the company was going to move to Germany. Alistair had asked if I wanted to go with him, but I had to think of the family and they didn’t want to move. I guess I would’ve got by with my other customers, but this news is fantastic. I don’t know anything of the details of the proposed move over there, but you know I always suspected that Alistair wouldn’t have wanted to do it just for the hell of it. Maybe his hand was forced in some way. I don’t suppose we’ll ever know.” When Parrish had departed she turned to Hepworth. 
“Where do we start looking for Bowman and the briefcase?”
“Well, everything points to Bio-Synth, but if the briefcase doesn’t arrive there then we can be sure he won’t. You know, this kind of disappearing act doesn’t fit with Harry, unless he’s being held. Also, I’m absolutely amazed that the people at Bio-Synth haven’t made contact. After all, this deal was basically their last throw of the dice.”
“Yes that is strange. That’s why I’m going over there myself, and I’ve asked Martin to take the Mercedes on the ferry to Amsterdam. I want him to drive me to their head office unannounced, and to arrive in style. They are owed an explanation, and they aren’t going to get that from the police. Maybe we can convince them that although the original plan is obsolete, we can discuss a different way to work together. Perhaps there’s scope for something which would be in the interests of both companies in the future. If they are as desperate as you say they are, they must be prepared to talk.”
“I’m confused Vivienne, I thought you wanted me to take care of the business aspects?”
“I do Julian, and that’s a full time job. I’ll find out what happened to Alistair come hell or high water, and I don’t want to distract you with the same burden. I want to know why my husband was prepared to leave for Germany and live without me. We’ve had some turbulent times, but which marriages haven’t? I knew him so well, you know – deep down, and there were lots of other things he’d have missed over there. There’s a reason and I will find it. Bowman and the briefcase will explain a lot; he was involved in this deal more than anyone other than Alistair. That’s where I’ll start, over there with his damned wife.”
*
While Renton and Adams were waiting for Jackson’s legal presence, they were surprised to see Stephanie arrive.
 “It’s Sunday you know, did you have a hard night Steph?”
“Ha-ha, I just had an idea, maybe a stupid one, so I’ll bounce it off you and then you decide whether to send me home.”
“Ok, let’s have it.”
“Well I began thinking about all of the deaths so far, and what struck me as puzzling, was the apparently different locations involved. I know we have to look for motive, but I thought there could be an indirect connection.”
“Go on.”
“I’ve heard D.C.I. Renton say many times that Banks being placed at the Angel could be some kind of announcement, whereas the abandoned hospital was the opposite, in fact the body could have languished there for months. The Tower Bridge is an icon, like the first one, and Pitafi’s was nothing like any of the others. However if we look purely at the purpose or context of the locations, there could be, well… I knew you’d think I was mad.”
“No, no, carry on.”
“Ok, there’s some connection with all of them. Bowman or Baumann connects two of them to Banks, even if the bodies weren’t actually him. Pitafi is connected through the car, and before you say it, I was wrong about him being involved with Banks’ murder. Where there could be a difference is that Pitafi had to be silenced, because we were going to prove him innocent when he was actually set up. The others – well, the Angel virtually announces that you’re in or from the northeast. The hospital is run down and a victim of government austerity, regardless of the welfare of its patients. Tower Bridge is one of London’s best known iconic structures and it spans the Thames.” Adams and Renton looked at one another and then at Stephanie once more. She was motioned to continue.
 “If I’m right they are all announcements except Pitafi, and there will be more. I Googled the two victims from London, and they matched the Tower Bridge woman with a missing person, she worked for Thames Water. I think we might find something similar with the other body, possibly a connection with mental or incurable conditions, a doctor or something, I don’t know. Why are you both looking at me like that?”
It was Renton who spoke. “It makes a certain kind of sense to me, but it’s Ben that you have to convince, he’s the only one who can authorise you to weasel what you can out of London. Otherwise you’re stuck with continuing to examine the evidence.” 
Adams gave her the nod. “Be the model of discretion and run your approach past me before you actually make the calls.”
Chapter 14

They returned to the interview room to see that Jackson had his legal aid representative. In the intervening break Renton had phoned Clive Donoghue to confirm he had no matches for the fingerprints found anywhere on the car. The reply was definite. 
“After eliminating Pitafi and his family, we found no exact matches.”
Jackson shifted uncomfortably in his seat and his representative insisted that he should keep quiet until told otherwise. Renton began by addressing the legal man. 
“We have two witnesses who saw and spoke to the person who claimed to be the owner of the blue Alfa Romeo stranded at the crime scene. The descriptions they gave us are extremely similar and independent of one another. This is why we need your client to take part in an identity parade.” He turned to Jackson. “I’m afraid I’ll have to ask you to remove your facial dressing. If they can’t identify you then you are free to go.”
The legal man nodded but Jackson protested about the dressing. “The doctor said I had to keep it on for a couple of weeks. It was a nasty cut.”
“It would be unfair to you if you are the only one in the line-up with such a feature. We have a medical presence here. If you like, she can call your doctor and ask if it is appropriate to apply a new dressing. After all, you said it happened last week, and hygiene is important.”
Jackson abandoned his bluff and complied, as he felt he was continuing to arouse more suspicion.
 “Let’s get this over with and then I can get the hell out of here.” He peeled off the dressing and put it in the refuse bin. Renton asked Adams to escort Jackson to the parade area and his legal man to the viewing screen. When they were gone he fished the dressing out of the bin, and popped it into a plastic evidence bag, then joined Adams and the first witness.
As soon as the members of the line-up faced the front Jimmy the dog walker pressed number four. Adams told him to take his time. 
“It’s him, definitely. That’s the bloke who bollicked me for gannin’ too close to the car.”
They thanked him and ushered him out, making sure he did not cross paths with the recovery truck driver. He, unlike Jimmy, took his time. He stroked his chin and then turned to Adams. 
“The lump looks a bit different, but that’s him.” Adams asked if he was sure, and if it was the man who met him at the Angel, and paid him when the car was returned to Briggs’ yard before driving off in the same car.
 “Yes, that’s the man.” 
When they returned to the interview room, the legal man gave Jackson the bad news. Before Renton had switched on the recorder Jackson began to jabber, despite being told to keep quiet by his counsel. 
“The body had nothing to do with me, I was just paid to organise getting rid of the car. I only knew there was a body from the news in the afternoon.” Renton said he would delay switching on the tape until he had calmed down. 
“Listen Victor, as two independent witnesses have confirmed you were involved with recovering the car, we don’t need your confession on that point. However, it will make things worse if you don’t begin to tell us the truth. You see, we now have cause for a warrant to search your property and take your prints. I’ll also be asking you for a swab to run DNA checks. If you’ve nothing further to hide these checks will go a long way to eliminating you from our enquiries.”
Jackson asked for privacy in order to confer with the lawyer. After more than ten minutes the two detectives returned. 
“My client will cooperate by submitting to the fingerprint and DNA tests, and has nothing more to say until the results are known.” Renton nodded and this was the cue to bring Grimes up to date.
“Your pal is getting increasingly nervous, and has agreed to give us a DNA sample. He seems to want to get something off his chest, as he claims he was sub-contracted to recover the blue car from the scene, and knew nothing about a body having been placed at the other side of the Angel. Is there anything you want to say? Would you like to be eliminated by giving a DNA sample? You don’t have to, but if we subsequently find reason to question you again you may have to stay here overnight.”
Paul Grimes was completely unfazed, and said nothing. They were both held overnight. Renton rang Donoghue again to explain the situation and request a quick turnaround on the DNA tests.
 “I have a sample of his blood which was not given freely, and a swab which was. I’m curious about something else. When I rang you earlier to check whether there was definitely no hit for the fingerprints on the car, it was because I’d noticed Jackson’s fingertips were very brownish-yellow. It was as if he had chain-smoked for years, but the discolouration was on all fingers of both hands. It’s curious because he doesn’t appear to have any cigarettes on him. Hello Clive, are you still there?”
“Yes, my mind began to wander when you mentioned the colour. I recall that the prints on the car boot were strong but had areas with virtually no profile at all. Perhaps I should run the partial prints to exclude these flat sections against the database. I’ll come in within the next half hour.”
*
Considering that Bradstock had been heading to church, it had not taken long for him to ferret out the information in which Jack Renton had expressed an interest. When the incoming call flashed up the name of ‘Nige’ on his mobile, Renton’s first thought was that he had hardly had time to get in and out of the confession box. The alternative was that he knew the answers before he went to look for them.
 “I am very disappointed to tell you that your suspicions are confirmed. I will make this brief because I want you to chase up some of the implications for yourself. Baumann did fly straight back to the UK, not to London but to Manchester. There is no record at any UK airport of him having gone abroad again. We are checking ports as well. At this time we have to assume that he is still here. You do need to be vigilant as you said Jack, because he may already be in the northeast, as his flight got into Manchester around midnight. He hardly had time to go to the toilet as his wife had claimed, before boarding a return flight. The timeline does not entirely rule him out of further contact with Banks. His father has been told that we are looking for him. If you find any clues as to his whereabouts, I need to know immediately, at any time. Keep me up to date at least once per day. Good work.”
Renton maintained a sarcastic smile as he mimicked the tone and content of the conversation to Adams. 
“And the plot thickens – what a bullshit merchant he is. Still Ben, we now have a serious challenge to find Baumann. We could do worse than begin by shadowing Vivienne Banks and that pillar of virtue, Doyle. You know, I think Bradstock now knows that we know that he knows a hell of a lot more than he admits. This isn’t just about Banks and Baumann.”
Adams was about to reply when Clive Donoghue burst into the room. 
“Take a look at this.” 
The two partial prints looked the same to their semi-trained eyes. Donoghue produced another two which also looked identical but different from the first pair.
 “This does not in itself contribute dramatically to a conviction, but the ones on the right are from Jackson’s file of five and a half years ago, the ones on the left are from the car. I am prepared to predict that Jackson’s new prints will match the full versions of the ones from the Alfa Romeo. When we were on the phone, and you described the colour, I recalled from my student days that some 1930’s American gangsters tried to alter their fingerprints by using acid. If done heavily it makes them almost completely unidentifiable, but lesser exposure only creates scar tissue in patches, the rest grows back. It won’t take me long to test my assertions, do you have his new prints?”
“You’ll have them pronto Clive, I really do hope you are right, as this might just crack open the case.” They reminded the officer taking the fingerprints to take his time, as they wanted accurate reproduction, not the world record for how fast he could process them.
Renton couldn’t resist telling Jackson that his friend Grimes was acting brilliantly as Mr Cool. 
“He’s supremely confident that he has nothing to answer for. I hope that isn’t because he expects you to take the rap for everything. Maybe you ought to be thinking about telling us who asked you to retrieve the car. This is a murder enquiry Victor.”
Barely forty minutes later Donoghue’s concentration turned into a broad grin.
 “Bingo, we have a match. This means we should start on the DNA first thing in the morning. I bid you good evening gentlemen.”
Disclosure of this result changed Jackson’s story completely, and he was sent into panic when informed that there was blood on Banks’ hands, against which his DNA was to be checked. 
“Look Inspector, I admit that I took the body out of the car and put it where I had been told to. I hired Briggs to get the car out of there because I panicked when the bloody thing wouldn’t start, only to find that the truck driver was able to see a loose connection on one of the plugs after we got back to his yard. I know nothing about cars other than how fast they go and how much they cost. I swear that I had nothing more to do with the body.”
“And what is the name of the person who contracted your services?” Jackson motioned with his head to the right. He was told that it had to be recorded. “P-Paul Grimes.”
A swift move along the corridor and revelation of Jackson’s volte-face broke the dam of Grimes’ silence. 
“Charge me with something or let me go. I have no comment on your allegations that Vic Jackson has tried to blame his problems on me. If I’m facing charges where this is relevant I’ll take legal advice. I was brought in here for questioning about the protest march. I’ve been charged with a public order offence and I’ve neither admitted nor denied the charges. I’ve stayed here at your request to help with enquiries about a death. I can’t help, but stayed because I was waiting for Vic to be released. So, I’ve reached a point where I must leave. You know where to find me.” 
Renton allowed him to leave. Then he asked Adams to get someone posted at Jackson’s property in the suburb of Benwell, to make sure Grimes did not try to retrieve or tamper with any evidence, because the warrant would not be available until Monday. Adams decided it was important enough to do this himself and asked uniform to detail a couple of their night patrols to assist.
*
Beresford had met with Eddie Finley and heard that the protest activity had gone quite well. 
“But two of my men have been called in for questioning. Normally that amounts to nothing, the police just like to look as if they’re doing something about it. Unfortunately, they’ve already released some CCTV footage which looks dodgy for one of them. The bad news is that I told Grimes not to employ anyone who had recent baggage, and the cameras clearly show that he paid no heed to me. The idiot had the disposal man for Banks’ body with him in the march.”
“That’s very unfortunate. And it may have to be attended to sooner rather than later. We have other things to discuss, namely the project in the Midwest. Bring me up to date with where we are; it’s crucial that we keep the pressure on. My wife is staying on in the northeast for a few days, so your ride can leave now, and then you can brief me as we return to your stamping ground in my chauffeur-driven vehicle. You should call ahead in order to give Seth Graham sufficient notice that we need a full reunion.”
*
The streets of Benwell were pretty quiet. Recessionary life ensured the pubs continued to perish at a steady rate. The night patrols were unmarked cars. Jackson lived in a mid-terrace property, on a steep hill. Adams wanted a car parked at both back and front of the house. The cloud cover was dense and it was becoming quite foggy. Just before 11.45 the moon was completely digested by the thickening mist and the radio silence was broken. Renton’s prediction was realised. The car at the rear reported that the subject had climbed over the yard wall. Adams acknowledged, and told the two officers to wait until all four of them were able to confront the target together.
 When they burst open the gate, Grimes was still fiddling with a window catch. It happened in a flash. Seeing he was cornered, he panicked and produced an automatic pistol. The unarmed officers ran for cover behind other parked vehicles. Adams shouted words to the effect that they didn’t want to use force and he should be sensible. The fracas had alerted neighbours and there was a lot of commotion and door-banging. Grimes took his chance and ran out of the yard, firing the weapon indiscriminately into the air. He tripped and rolled into the middle of the street. One of the uniformed officers ignored Adams’ order to stand firm and rushed at Grimes, who was struggling to his feet. It was a reflex reaction, and the bullet stopped the officer in his tracks, entering his chest from less than three metres range. Adams stood up and yelled all manner of profanities at the escaping Grimes. The other two uniformed colleagues rushed to their stricken friend and without looking back Grimes discharged another two rounds to discourage pursuit. The second bullet ricocheted off the tarmac and caught Adams on the side of the head. One of the remaining two policemen radioed for an emergency ambulance and alerted H.Q. that Grimes was armed and running loose. ‘Two officers down’ was all that really registered at the station.
The hospital emergency waiting area was not too busy and Renton had joined representatives from uniform and the young wounded officer’s relatives. The duty surgeon approached the family and shook his head. 
“I am very sorry to report that we haven’t been able to save the young man, he had lost a lot of blood before we could operate, and his heart could not maintain its function.” 
Renton turned away and resisted his urge to clamour for more information on Ben Adams. He went outside to clear his head in the fresh air. All he could ask himself was – ‘is it all worth it?’ He was called back to the waiting area by a uniformed sergeant. The same surgeon explained that Adams had not recovered consciousness, and that the fragment of the bullet which struck him was still lodged close to his brain. There was only one question. “Will he pull through?”
“It’s too early to tell. We will need to monitor him a little longer to assess the risk of attempting to remove the fragment. It may be better to treat the trauma if there is no immediate risk of deterioration, or we might have to get it out quickly. We will know more in a couple of hours.”
Renton slouched on to a chair and felt dizzy. His pallour transformed from ruddy leather to one of fragile grey porcelain. He waved away concern and just asked for strong black coffee, lots of it.
Chapter 15
Monday November 12th 2018

Renton was still dozing, when he was prodded by the surgeon. 
“We had to remove the bullet fragment as it was clearly contributing to increase in pressure to the brain. The good news is that it did not splinter any further. The removal was clean and complete. The prognosis with respect to pressure build-up is promising, but as yet there is no trend in brain activity to suggest he will recover consciousness imminently; that may take a few days. I suggest you go home and get some rest yourself. Come back in the afternoon.”
He thanked the surgeon and realised just how tired the man must have been, as the night was just showing signs of getting less black. He glanced at his watch and had a little trouble focussing, but made out that it was fractionally after 5.25 am. The journey home through the quiet potholed roads kept him alert, and he admitted to himself that he needed rest. Just as he pulled up in the drive, he switched his phone back on, having turned it off in the hospital, and then he fell asleep in the car. A voicemail alert made him feel weary, but woke him and he accessed it anyway. It was Fred from local branch.
 “I can guess where you are Jack, and I’m sorry to bother you but I thought you would want to know, we have another body. It was discovered at first light. It was in a rowing boat without oars, in the middle of the Derwent Reservoir. Apparently, the identity is known as he is local and works, sorry, used to work for Northumbrian Water. The reason I decided to disturb you was the false ID he had on him – that of Bowman or Baumann. I believe your medical officer is on his way there.”
The surge of adrenalin was followed by utter exhaustion and he slumped at the wheel once more. He was dozing for no more than twenty minutes when a man on his way to work knocked at the window. He recovered sufficient orientation to convince the man he was feeling fine, and briefly thought that there were lots of good folks living in the area; he just didn’t get to meet many of them. He could not really believe that he had drifted off to sleep three times since going to see Adams, but he was still ‘shattered’. He started the car again and set off for the reservoir.
*
The manhunt for Grimes had swung into action. He was already driving to the south, as he would never be safe in the Newcastle area. He pulled into a service station car park and made a call to Eddie Finley. His garbled version of Jackson’s alleged threat to frame him and the shooting of the two police officers was not totally coherent. Finley asked him to slow down, and when Grimes was calmer, he continued.
 “Listen carefully Paul, drive straight here, I’ll get you into a safe house. You need to chill for a period. Don’t stop anymore until you get here and for Christ’s sake don’t exceed the speed limit, Ok?” Grimes’ relief was reflected in his voice.
 “Thanks Eddie, I will be there this afternoon.”
Finley wandered into the guestroom and woke Beresford. On hearing the full story on the news he said to Finley, “Remind me of how the blue car episode panned out Eddie.”
“Well I arranged, as agreed, to nick Pitafi’s car, and that was through Grimes. It was a few days before Banks was killed. We decided to use the car for transporting the package, which as you know, unexpectedly became a body. It had originally seemed to make sense to put Pitafi in the frame this way – a heaven-sent opportunity. Grimes had initially recruited Jackson to collect the package, but instead, and at the last minute, he had to take Banks’ body and place it at the scene. It all started to go wrong when the damned car wouldn’t start again. But the fuzz still began to link Pitafi to something which would fuel the fire. We didn’t anticipate this mess.”
“So when Jackson tried to shift the blame to Grimes, he was still ignorant of the Colony’s involvement?”
“I would think so, Grimes told him the generous money on offer precluded questions. It was simply a delivery job. We never get close to these errand boys.”
“Then that means it is Jackson’s word against Grimes. When we sever the loose end, it will be his word against nobody. Don’t look at me like that Eddie, it’s an unwritten rule; you know that. It was good thinking to get him to conveniently come to us. Apart from the Banks case, the stupid bastard has killed one cop and another one may die. We can’t afford to be connected in any way. See to it.” Finley nodded his head in agreement.
*
The continent was an hour ahead so it was still early in the UK when Bradstock got his call from Interpol. He was apprised that Baumann had been tailed from Manchester airport to Birmingham, and had booked into a fairly modest motel. He had met with someone twice recently. The caller said they were withdrawing the surveillance people, so Bradstock should take over and report back when appropriate. This was puzzling, as he had been absolutely sure that Baumann would have gone north.
*
When Renton arrived at the reservoir Greg Watson was already busy making notes. He looked up. 
“Jack, I’m terribly sorry to hear about Adams and the young officer. God, you look awful, in fact you shouldn’t be here.”
“No maybe not, just as Ben and those boys shouldn’t have been at Jackson’s house. They got shot for what? Something we don’t even know exists.” He was experiencing guilt overtly for the first time since he had been told about the shootings. Maybe Watson was right, his judgement hadn’t been very good recently.
“Come on now, I meant you need some rest. They will find Grimes. Ben wouldn’t want you to accrete blame for what was a routine precaution. They probably should have had armed backup.”
“Yeah, that’s the kind of thing I’m talking about. I should’ve foreseen the possible consequences as clearly as I saw the vulnerability of potential evidence. Anyway, you’re right Greg, I can’t undo the events, but I can help to find this animal who decided to shoot them. Unfortunately I have to be here too. I’m going to request additional resource from Cousins. Oh hell, I forgot he’s holding that press conference today, I’ll have to call him and cancel.” He dialled Cousins’ number. 
“I’m sorry Sir, but I guess you know by now that there’s a region-wide hunt for Grimes and I’m at the reservoir with Gregory Watson, trying to get started with the new case. Would you be able to cover for me at the press conference? Also I remember you saying I might need help from Sunderland or Middlesbrough after Banks was discovered. I could use an experienced detective to fill in for er, well I…” he couldn’t bring himself to say Adams’ name. Cousins relaxed him.
 “I was about to call you to say exactly that. Two of our own are down and in my book we take care of our own properly. I know how you and Ben worked together and the last thing you need is to temporarily replace his input with one of your own people. You need someone who hits the ground running and doesn’t complicate your feelings, because they don’t know Adams. Forget the press conference. I’ll get back to you.” Renton was quite taken aback. He had always considered Cousins to be a walking, target-oriented rule book. Maybe he did have some redeeming features.
Watson was pretty sure the cause of death was via insulin overdose, just like the London cases, and didn’t think the man had been dead too long. Renton’s attention at last began to focus on the body. He asked one of the officers standing by about the real identity. The notebook indicated a Mohammed Barek. He instinctively rang Stephanie. 
“Did we get anything more from London about the two victims? Do they have information on ethnicity or names?” She was taken aback that he hadn’t even mentioned Ben Adams. 
“I’m sorry Sir, but you told me not to have outside contacts for a period. D.S. Adams made sure I stuck to that, and ther…” She broke down.
 “Listen Steph, I’ve also had trouble focussing on anything other than the two men who were gunned down last night, Ben and I go back some way. We have to get Grimes and this murderer. He would want no less. The search for Grimes has been ramped up, and we are best placed to find this other killer. They’re related somehow anyway. Now get on to London and find out what you can, and if you run into any roadblocks call me back.”
“Yes Sir.” 
Just as he ended the call, his phone rang. He was feeling increasingly tetchy as the morning went on. “Renton here - please be brief.”
“Hello Dad, It’s me, Daniel. We just heard about your friend being shot. Mum and I wondered if you wanted to come around for dinner tonight. We didn’t want you to be on your own when Ben is fighting for his life.”
The rush of emotion overwhelmed him and all he could say was, “Just a minute son, the medical examiner wants to speak to me, can you hold?” 
He took several deep breaths and recovered some of his composure. 
“Sorry about that Daniel, I’d love to have dinner with the two of you. What time?” After checking with his Mum, Daniel indicated that 7pm would be ideal.
 “Great, I’ll be there. Many thanks for the call, you’ve no idea how much it means to me.”
*
It did not take long for Donoghue to get DNA tests underway, and the warrant to search Jackson’s property had been issued. Another call came for Renton, but he accepted this one without a hint of frustration. 
“Sir, we’re at the house in Benwell, we haven’t found anything of interest in here yet, but I thought you would want to know that there is a stainless steel knitting needle in the back of his car, and it looks as if it has been wiped, but there are traces of what looks like blood on it.” Renton punched the air and told the officer to get it to Donoghue as soon as he could. When he told Watson the reaction was encouraging.
 “Mmm, it could be something like that which killed Pitafi, I’ll check it out when I get back.”
Yet another call came through. “Hello Steph, that was quick, do we know more?”
“Not yet, they’re checking it out, which maybe means that they have to check with Forster. But anyway, I’m ringing about the Sim-card. D.S Adams told me it was sent to your home instead of the office, but I have just signed for it. The courier didn’t have your address and was instructed to bring it here. Do you want me to check it?”
“Yes, do it right away and ring me back. Why the hell would they do that? I specifically asked for it to be sent to my home, so I could receive it yesterday. I’ll ring Forster.” When he got hold of Forster he kept his frustration under control. 
“I didn’t get the Sim-card delivered to my home yesterday as I expected, it came to the office today; do you know why?”
“My instructions were to send it immediately to Bradstock, I knew nothing about your request.”
“You knew it was important, didn’t you see what was on it?”
“No, I left in such a flap from Newcastle to get down here. I didn’t even know it was amongst my stuff until Bradstock rang. I thought I had left it up there, but he asked me to look for it. He never said it was because you were chasing it.”
“Don’t you think this is a strange way to run the police force? First I get suspended for an unintentional transgression, and then I’m asked to return before the union makes a stink. I agree, and try to do things by his book by asking for his help to recover the card, only to find he wants to get his hands on it first.”
“I can’t disagree with you. I was initially dragged out of the Midwest to - in his words - ‘seal off any maverick tendency in Newcastle’ because it could prejudice some big strategic programme. Now I am treading water down here under the same pretence. I’ll be talking to Bradstock about my concerns. Don’t worry Jack I’ll keep you out of it.”
“Ok, but before you do pull out, can you send me all the information you have on the two London victims who had Baumann’s ID on them?”
“Yes of course, have you already asked for this?”
“I have, and it wasn’t refused, we just have the impression it’s waiting for someone’s approval.”
“I’ll call you back.”
Renton’s head was already spinning when Stephanie gave him the content of the Sim-card. There was no discrepancy with Angela’s retained handwritten note. He was at a complete loss to understand the whole sequence. He tried to push it out of his mind as he headed back to Newcastle.
Chapter 16 

Paul Grimes was relieved when Finley shook his hand and bade him to make haste in getting inside. He was informed that they would wait until dark before driving to the safe house. 
“I think it would be wise to get your car to a crusher as they will be looking for it. I’ve arranged for one of the guys to take it away, and he’ll be here any minute. Get yourself a drink from the fridge or a coffee and relax.” 
As he opened the fridge door, he sensed someone behind him, but never saw them. The large forestry axe cleaved his head so deeply that it fell open, and blood spurted all over the kitchen as well as the assailant. Without pausing for breath the axe-man proceeded to expertly chop through the main joints of the body until there was a neat pile of parts. They were stuffed into a heavy duty plastic bag and the top was tied tightly. His instructions were to return to the tree-felling area where his machine was waiting. Grimes’ components were emptied as a job lot into the chipper which was already grinding its way through much more resistant spruce branches. He became part of Britain’s ecological effort.
*
Martin Parrish had parked the Mercedes on the ferry and scampered out of the blustery compound to join Vivienne in the bar. She was already halfway down a double gin and tonic, and he ordered a beer. 
“Did you know Harry Bowman’s wife Martin? I can only remember being introduced to her at one of the Christmas parties. I can’t recall having spoken to her again.”
“Same here really, I could never picture them as a couple. He was so funny and gregarious, and it just came naturally to him. She struck me as dour and downtrodden when they were together, but I think when it came to the big decisions like where to live, go on holiday, the daughter’s school, he gave way. I was glad I wasn’t in her company too often as she made me feel uncomfortable by what she didn’t say.”
“Well she had better say something this time, my husband is already dead and she is staring down the barrel of that same feeling, if indeed it hasn’t already happened. By the way, how is your mother?”
“She died three weeks ago.”
“Oh shit, I’m sorry Martin, nobody tells me anything. Why didn’t you say so when I asked you to make this trip? I could have gone by air.”
“Don’t worry about it. I’m looking forward to a change of scenery. I visited her grave this morning and took a few flowers. I shouldn’t talk about it because it makes me so angry. You know the expression so well Vivienne – ‘not cost effective.’ The drugs she needed would have made her last few months bearable. How the hell do you define cost effective on compassionate issues? It’s not like we are talking about a new kitchen. If you’ve been a taxpayer all your life and never claimed benefits, I would have thought you’ve contributed to the wealth of the nation. Then you are abandoned when illegal immigrants get housed in London’s luxury homes, until we find they can’t be deported, and they go on to benefit. How is that cost effective? Hey it is my turn to say sorry, do you want another drink?”
“What do you think?”
*
Forster returned Renton’s call.
 “Ok Jack, I can’t get anyone to own up to delaying your request, but I have the information anyway. The man found at the abandoned hospital was apparently abandoned himself a couple of years ago. He was struck off after failing in duty of care in a similar mental health establishment to the one in which he was found. His name is Younis Khan. The woman was called Nisha Servil. Is that all you wanted?”
“Yes, unless you can tell me if they are both of Islamic faith?”
“Right, I see where you are coming from. I can try to find out.”
“Thanks, I get the feeling these people, including this morning’s body in the reservoir may not be so randomly chosen after all.”
It was time to check with the hospital. The situation was reported as unchanged.
 “This has to be seen as relatively positive news Inspector. He suffered additional trauma during the removal of the bullet. This was a necessary step even though it was an extremely delicate procedure. Being stable at this point is as good as we had hoped for. The next forty-eight hours will give us more data on which to base our prognosis.”
*
With the disappearance of Grimes, Vic Jackson was stranded. The process of identifying the blood on the knitting needle had commenced and Greg Watson had examined it alongside the fatal wound on Pitafi’s body. It was a very close contender, and more would be known soon about the prints on the sturdy, improvised wooden ‘T-piece’ handle. Watson reported that it would have facilitated the act in both aim and the one-handed force required to pass through the unfortunate victim. Renton responded to a message that Jackson wanted to speak with him. He surprisingly declined legal presence. “Can we talk off the record?”
“Victor, you’ve lied so many times already that I’m afraid I can no longer see the point of these chats.”
“But things have changed Mr Renton. I heard two of the officers in the corridor, talking about what happened at my house. It’s very important for me, as well as the police, to find Grimes.”
“Yes I can see that, but there are other things to do while we are trying to locate him. He’s a murderer in his own right, and that has become a separate manhunt. I’m more interested in what he was looking for when he was attempting to break into your house; that is other than the knitting needle we found in your car.” Jackson’s head slumped on to the table.
“Look Mr Renton, I know you’ll have no sympathy with my predicament, but I have to take care of myself. I’ve become a liability to the people who employ Grimes. I’d rather take my chances with him if we are both inside. On the street I’m as good as dead now.”
Renton chuckled at the primal survival instinct of these thugs. 
“What happened to honour amongst felons? Now you listen for a change, and listen very carefully. I’m going to give you one more chance to get the whole truth off your chest, but in the presence of your lawyer. Do you understand?”
“I do. But do you understand that Grimes has now become a liability himself? You need to know where to look for him. I might be able to help.”
“You haven’t understood at all. As we are still off the record I can tell you that it wouldn’t cause me to lose any sleep over Grimes’ demise, and we’ll have enough evidence to charge you with the murder of Purdil Pitafi very soon. I don’t think you have any bargaining chips left, and I don’t really see how information you may have makes a hill of beans difference to me. Let’s get the lawyer and you can begin your confession, and take it from there. Once you’re convicted it won’t help your case if you’ve withheld anything that we discover in the meantime. It’s your call.” Jackson agreed.
Renton then gave the London information to Stephanie. 
“How does this fit with your hunch about the locations?” She stared at the piece of paper and then looked up at him.
“It certainly doesn’t disqualify it Sir. Do I detect that you think there is another possible connection?”
“Well, that’s what you are paid for – to detect. What do the names mean to you, assuming the locations are of equal significance?” She did not take long to respond.
“Ethnicity! That’s what you are inferring isn’t it? Are we able to….?”
“It’s already in hand Steph. Start looking for a pattern in all of this, it’s staring us in the face and the killer is trying to guide us.”
The lawyer had arrived and more or less accepted that Jackson was going down. He did try to forge a platform for plea bargaining, but when Renton got up to walk out, he folded, and it became a carefully worded confession. In the back of Renton’s mind was Greg Watson’s assertion that Banks’ death occurred before 2am on Sunday 4th November, with the match having finished at just before 5pm on Saturday 3rd. Jackson’s account began with the contract he had taken from Grimes.
 “I was given the Alfa Romeo and told to keep it in my garage until the day I had to collect a package. I didn’t know what the package was - only that it was valuable. I was only told where I had to collect it on the day I departed, Saturday the 3rd. It was a warehouse in London. I had some trouble with the car, it’s a bit of a relic and I thought I wasn’t going to get there. I also had some trouble finding the place without Sat-Nav. I was about twenty minutes late. There were three guys waiting, two of them were very unhappy about me being late and got really pissed off when they saw the tiny boot space in the Alfa. The other guy was visibly shitting himself whenever the other two began shouting. The packaging split as they tried to cram it into the car and an arm dangled out. It was my turn to tighten my sphincter, because I was supposed to take the package to the Angel and meet with Grimes. I was trapped and I knew it. I had to go through with it because these people don’t do unfulfilled contracts. I just hoped to hell that this bloody car would get me back to Newcastle.”
Renton felt he had to interject. “So Banks was already dead?”
“Yes.”
“What time was this?”
“A few minutes before 6.30pm, and all I wanted to do was get out of there because of the long drive back.”
“What can you tell us about the third person who was verging on incontinence?”
“He obviously wanted out of there himself. He had a briefcase which he was carrying under his arm and not by the handle. It was like he was hanging on to it as if his life depended on it.”
“Would you recognise him again?
“Absolutely, I will never forget the expression on his face.”
Renton suspended the interview while he went to get a photo of Baumann. “Is this him?”
“That’s the man, who is he?”
“That isn’t important right now. Please continue with your account.” 
“I was getting into the car to leave when one of the two brutes came over and told me to concentrate on the delivery and forget their faces. I also heard the other one shouting to him that they needed to get a move on, they were already late, and the traffic to Heathrow would be horrendous. I got the feeling that if they didn’t get this man in the photo to give them what they wanted he would become disposable. When I did get on to the motorway north I was relieved and didn’t want to stop but I needed fuel. That car attracts a lot of attention so I filled up and then rang Grimes. When I told him the story he seemed a little bit shaken, especially about the man in the photo, and that I said the package was a corpse. He said there would have to be a change of plan. He would need to contact someone else, and told me I would have to arrange the package at the Angel on my own. I got back on the motorway and didn’t stop until I got the bloody car and the body safely into my garage. It was left there until the coast was clear to drop Banks at the Angel in the early hours of Monday morning. I thought everything had gone as well as it could when that bloody car wouldn’t start. The recovery truck guy was almost finished hauling it up the ramp when that young man came trolling along with his dog. He seemed to be a little bit retarded so I relaxed a little and then I got him out of the way. He just whistled for the dog and went along the path. You know the rest. I’m prepared to admit to the manslaughter of Pitafi, but I was acting under duress from Grimes. He said I had been responsible for the cock-up with the package, being late in London, and being seen by witnesses at the Angel. He said that I had to make up for my errors by taking care of Pitafi or take my chances with any measures his bosses might take to erase the trail, that being me.”
“You murdered Pitafi, you must know why.” The legal counsel tried to steer the conversation to manslaughter but Renton ignored him.
“I don’t know why he was targeted, other than Grimes threatening that it was Pitafi or me. It was his car, so I assumed that was the reason – to convince you that he killed Banks.” The interview was terminated, but the forensic tests continued.
*
It had been a very long day for Jack Renton and yet he arrived for dinner in good spirits. Daniel came to the door and embraced his Dad, while Jane said she would begin serving up the home-made Moussaka. He was surprised at their level of interest in the Banks case. They had never shown this type of curiosity when he had lived there. He put it down to them personally knowing Ben Adams and that it could so easily have been himself lying in hospital. He indulged their questions without compromising information not yet in the public domain. It was really an embroidered version of what had already been on the news. He did not want the evening to end but was in serious sleep deficit and got up to leave. He was pushed back into his seat by Daniel. 
“I’m sleeping on the sofa tonight, so you can have my room.” He was taken aback and looked at Jane while asking if she was happy about that arrangement.
 “It was her idea Dad; you don’t really think I would give up my space without a fight.” He thanked them both and said he would sleep well.
Chapter 17
Tuesday November 13th 2018

Simon Halliwell-Jones’ career had benefitted massively by being a product of Eton. One such example was the assistance it generated in his scaling of the ranks of H.M. Intelligence. He had the main attributes deemed necessary to reach the very top of the pyramid, including the ability to cope with all manner of adversity, emanating from leaks. Burying the truth was also part of his perceived armoury. A colossal hereditary ego was a great asset in spinning or selling the alternative truth. Today was however not a situation he relished, as it had the more tricky challenge of appearing to be subservient to the Prime Minister, when he actually considered him to be lacking the subtlety of the people with whom he interacted on a daily basis. After all, Patrick Carlyle often had to communicate directly with the populace, an activity which was destined to corrupt, unlike absolute power.
“Prime Minister, good morning to you, I am sorry to take up your time over an item with which you should not be overly concerned at present. It is felt to be prudent however, that you know we are ahead of the curve, and I fervently hope that I will not have to trouble you further after today, until we run the quarry to ground. We have credible evidence of a cell in the Midwest which is working on a terror threat. The trail goes back to Iran, so you will appreciate the need for containment. Now that you know we have it under control, you can relax in the confidence which mirrors our own, in that we will have flushed out the threat without the genie getting out of the bottle. When we have neutralised it I will brief you fully, and that explanation will justify our current position.” 
The P.M. knew that there were things he should not know too early, but this was more worrying than the disappearance of the Genetic Profile Directory, it involved a maverick nation with a poor track record in diplomacy. 
“Thank you Simon, I will call you in a couple of weeks. Having travelled all the way across the city to tell me this in person it would be discourteous of me not to take it seriously.” Halliwell-Jones was preparing to contest this when the P.M. put an arm around his shoulder and walked him to the door. “In a fortnight then.”
*
As the Mercedes rolled off the ferry and they made their way to the eastbound motorway toward Arnhem, Parrish asked, “Do you know the address of this woman in Bonn?”
“Not personally, but we are going to pick up someone who does. I suppose I could have asked the German police, but I didn’t want to make her nervous. This man I have recruited will meet us at a service station on the other side of Oberhausen, the name of which is on this piece of paper.”
Parrish became curious. “Is he a private detective or something?”
“No, nothing so sinister Martin, he is a journalist. He works for one of the smaller daily publications and jumped at the chance of an exclusive. He will of course pose as my business advisor.”
“Well, you have been busy. Are you sure this is wise? Whoever killed Alistair either wanted something or wanted to prevent something, at least that’s my reading of the situation. You say that you are looking for his briefcase, and that could be the same objective with Harry. When the two of them called the pilot after the match to say they weren’t flying back, I recall them telling the rest of us, as we split up to go shopping for our peace offerings, that they were going to retrieve the briefcase from the airport lockup. As it has disappeared there can only be a few explanations. One of them is that these people killed Alistair in order to get it. Please be careful Vivienne.”
“Yes I know I have to be cautious Martin, but it bothers me that he went to the airport with Harry to retrieve the briefcase, yet phoned the pilot to let him know he shouldn’t expect them to arrive. Why didn’t he and Harry just pass the message on through the three of you, or speak to the pilot at the airport when they got there, especially as we now know they were booked on a flight to Cologne? And don’t you think it’s strange that they booked the flight to Germany without telling me, you, or the pilot that this was their plan?”
“Oh right, I see why you are confused. Alistair’s plane was flying in and out of Stansted, but the Cologne flight was from Heathrow. And he probably wanted to let the pilot know as soon as he could so he could alter the paperwork, fuel load, and stuff like that. However this does suggest that he’d always known he was going to Germany, and waited until the last possible moment to disclose his intent. Also, they were giving themselves a hell of a tight schedule to get to Stansted then get intercepted, yet Harry still made it to Cologne. The police have still not said for definite where and when they think Alistair was killed.”
“Yes, somebody made it to Cologne, and then went through immigration as Harry, but we only have his wife’s word that it was really him. That’s why we need to talk to her. You have raised another possibility Martin, because of this tight schedule. If they knew from the start that they were going on to Cologne, why would they leave the precious briefcase at Stansted? That’s a sloppy arrangement, and Alistair was meticulous about such detail. Maybe the briefcase was somewhere else. If he didn’t want me, you or anyone else to know of the German trip, he would probably have tried to avoid you asking him why he was taking it at all. Maybe they never went back to Stansted.”
“This all makes perfect sense to me now, but I can confirm he did have it with him. I know he had it on the flight to London. The rest of us had disposable bags for waterproof jackets and stuff, and we ribbed him about always being the poser, with his designer accessories. He laughed it off and said he was going to wrap up warm in his North Face Jacket before we went into the ground. It comes back to me now, he said, ‘You don’t think I am going to pull an exclusive jacket out of a plastic supermarket bag like you Philistines, do you?’ That’s why he said he was going to check the presumed empty briefcase into the airport lock-up. We all retrieved our stuff together on landing. When we were inside the terminal it gets a bit fuzzy, because there were toilet visits, newspaper browsing, throat lozenges for the match, mobile calls, and checking to see that our driver had arrived to take us to the Emirates Stadium. Jesus! That could have been it. Alistair went outside to find the guy because he had the booking slip. He was away maybe ten minutes. Now that I think back, when we got near the ground, the driver dropped us at a tidy little bistro for lunch. It didn’t seem important at the time but the driver went there without being told to during the journey. When we left the airport Alistair didn’t have the briefcase with him. We had all downed a couple of drinks with our lunch, and exchanged banter with a couple of Arsenal fans, and in anticipating the build-up to the game inside the stadium, we never gave the briefcase another thought, until we knew he had died. He gave the driver a very generous tip, and now I wonder if he also arranged to meet him after the game when we had split up.”
“Do you think you should mention this to the police?”
“Yes, let’s do it as soon as we get back.”
*
The Home Secretary was getting more nervous by the day. Chen had been working almost around the clock and had covered less than two percent of the fragments. He had devised a programme into which he could feed a restored fragment, so that it would automatically seek a match-up with another fragment, whether or not it was another restored one. He had only one such restored type at present and there were no matches to any unrestored ones. Lawrence Morton had a scheduled meeting with the P.M. soon and he felt he had to report some progress. Chen was ultra-confident that he would succeed; it was just a question of when.
 “Yes, I understand that Wah, but we don’t have the luxury of unlimited time. I know you are doing everything you can.” Chen brightened Morton’s outlook a little by bombarding him with a statistical probability chart.
 “You see, the first fragment is always likely to be the most elusive. As more are found the probability of finding more increases and reaches an exponential rate. When we find and restore new fragments it also reduces the number with which they can be compatible, and the diagnostics become much more efficient.”
“Yes I see, well I don’t actually. However I will keep checking with you on an increasing frequency. That is not only related to your explanation but also to my credibility with the Cabinet.”
“Mr Morton, look at it this way. We have a few needles in a giant haystack. Because of my search programme, when we find one we also make irrelevant parts of the haystack disappear. So, after perhaps five to ten are isolated, they alter the search process dramatically and the haystack is decimated as a consequence. Ask me again tomorrow.”
*
Renton arrived at the office and peered over Stephanie’s shoulder. He saw a chart, and scribbles on another piece of paper.
Name-Location-Employment-Faith-Date of Death
Alistair Banks - Angel of the North - Company Owner – None - Mon 5th Nov
Younis Khan – Old Hospital (Lon) - Ex-Doctor – Muslim - Wed 7th Nov
 Nisha Servil - Tower Bridge - (Lon) - Thames Water – Muslim - Fri 9th Nov
 Purdil Pitafi - Newcastle March – Solicitor – Muslim - Sat 10th Nov
 Mohammed Barek - Derwent Reservoir - North Water – Muslim - Mon 12th Nov
“What’s troubling you Steph?”
“You said you thought we were being steered in some way by the killer, and I’ve been trying to make it all fit. It seems logical in one way to take Pitafi out of the pattern. Unlike the others, he was killed exactly where he was found, and on camera. On the other hand, he was targeted through his car, and in that way he was connected to Banks’ death.”
“Go on, I’m with you so far.”
“Looking at it a third way, they’re all Muslims except Banks. Now, coming back to my initial idea about location, three of them are connected by their profession and where they were found. I can’t make it all fit neatly, although there is another aspect we should not discount – the dates.”
“Uh-huh, you mean we already have two at roughly the same time on a Monday?”
“Well we won’t have to wait long to see if that is a spurious observation. If you’re right insofar as we are being led, then it implies that in no way were these people chosen purely at random. Even if some of the individuals were unknown to the killer in a personal sense, they may have been selected for what they did rather than who they were. I can’t get rid of the feeling that Pitafi has to fit in for it all to make sense.”
“Ok, let’s look at it from yet another angle. He was by all accounts a galvanic influence in trying to get Muslim moderates to speak out about extremism. That did not go down well with the Muslim Shield. I can see they would like him to stop his sermons, but they surely would not set about killing innocent moderate Muslims, would they?”
“I don’t know Sir. Extremists have a track record of claiming the lives of innocent people to achieve their objectives. However, it doesn’t seem logical to deliberately target fellow Muslims, unless there is a perverse idea that this is an effective counter-strategy, to that of all of the Pitafis in the country.”
“Yes, I was musing over things recently and oddly came to the conclusion that we have, as a society, drifted into an era of Resident Fear. I wasn’t on any mind-expanding substances D.C. Baker; I was merely espousing a philosophy. Let’s keep at your little chart here and add evidence as we go.” He got another call from Daniel to ask if he wanted to come for dinner again.
“Is your Mum there?”
“Yes, she suggested it.”
“Right, put her on.” Renton wanted to get the intonation across as genuinely grateful. “Jane, many thanks for the offer, and I really want to accept. I had such a good time last night and I’ve been feeling really chipper today. I’m going to sit with Ben at the hospital tonight, and wondered if you and Daniel would like to meet me there, and we could go out for a bite – on me. If this appeals, you and Daniel pick out a restaurant. I’m hoping you are going to say yes.”
“Sounds good to me, and I don’t think Daniel will turn down an offer to eat from a menu instead of my cooking. See you at the hospital.”
Chapter 18

Peter Beresford had been advised of Grimes’ fate. He wanted to move on to plans for the Midwest. 
“Have we come up with a suitable location from the shortlist we talked about yesterday?”
Seth Graham and Eddie Finley said there were two main options. It was Graham who highlighted the main concerns of each. 
“I’ve been in London recently as you know, and I’ve discovered just how slender the margin was in how we avoided detection of our presence; it was by luck rather than good management.”
Beresford queried this. “You are referring to the Banks fiasco?”
“Yes. We need to stick to the script. Our intervention was well intended, but hurriedly arranged, and it almost blew up in our face.”
“Hold on Seth, although we didn’t terminate him, his demise in London would have provoked more questions than shipping him north and therefore deflected any inquisition on intellectual property motives. We wanted it to look like a local job.”
“Of course, but to offset that we had to abandon protest plans in London at the last minute. In addition, we haven’t deflected the fuzz in the way we hoped. The cause of death didn’t help, the witnesses at the Angel created complications, and we still don’t have the data in the briefcase. We had to send one of our people to Cologne, posing as Baumann, to ensure his wife was ‘persuaded’ to keep quiet about his abduction. Then, the late arrival of the corpse delivery man almost torpedoed everything.
 “The short notice of all the changes was the main contributor to the knife-edge situation. I agree that we didn’t anticipate the corpse, and only wanted the briefcase, but now we have Baumann without the information, and he insists the only person who had the combination is dead. He also has convinced us that if we try to open it without the combination we will destroy the contents, as he demonstrated this with his own briefcase. We have a dilemma – open the case to see if he is bluffing, or put further pressure on him through his wife, to cough up the code, if he has it. He’s smart enough to know that it is the only thing keeping him alive. Either way he will have to be disposed of sometime soon. What I can’t understand is that he knows nothing of who killed Banks. He was genuinely expecting him to make the flight and was totally surprised at our appearance at his agreed meeting point with Banks. If he was lying he would not have waited there for us, or anyone else, to catch up with him.
 “Our people also took him to the abandoned hospital where we had hurriedly decided they should take Banks’ body. It really was flying by the seat of our pants. In retrospect it would have been better to pull the plug on transporting Banks back north and frame Baumann for the murder. The package, as far as the delivery man was concerned was supposed to be exactly that – a briefcase. When he saw an arm dangle from the sack he was understandably disturbed, but told what he had to do. When he was reluctantly on his way and called Grimes, who we then informed of the change of plan, he was placated, and agreed to the new contract with an extra bonus.
 “It has all become a bit untidy and he is apparently being charged with Pitafi’s murder, and as a consequence it became necessary to clip Grimes. What I’m really trying to say Peter, is that when you were deciding what to do about your son-in-law’s death, sipping brandy, and basking in the ambience of the Mediterranean, we were acting as a relay to operatives at the sharp end in London. This method of rolling out the programme isn’t acceptable, especially as it will steadily intensify in complexity.”
“There isn’t really an alternative Seth, you know why I have to remain offshore most of the time. It was a one-off problem. Now let’s talk about the next step, and stop moaning.”
Finley had not said a word so far. He fired the tazer from behind Beresford and at close range. The two of them bundled him into the car. They set off for Scotland. Graham and Finley had discussed the situation many times and eventually decided that this was the only sensible course of action. Beresford had become little more than a figurehead, and one with whom London could never work. This was an opportunity to streamline decision-making, and build bridges with the Capital. It also avoided them being sucked into a similar predicament to that which Beresford had created for himself. At the very worst it was breathing space.
*
Wolfgang Schroder introduced himself and gave Parrish the autobahn exit number for the Bonn residence. He sat in the back and Parrish lowered the dividing screen which Banks had financed to allow private conversations when he was discussing confidential technology stuff with visitors to the corporate office. It was quite a prestigious addition to the Mercedes, and got Parrish more high-flying clients than he expected. It was another example of Banks attention to detail and his generosity toward his friends. With the screen down, Vivienne could converse with Schroder and in turn he could keep Parrish up to date with traffic information on tailbacks, from German radio. The journey proved to be uneventful except for Parrish hearing the plan first hand. Vivienne had offered Schroder the exclusive in exchange for him ‘acting’ as her business advisor. It would be quite straightforward with Frau Baumann, but may be tested by executives from Bio-Synth. Vivienne was quite confident.
“When they realise I am a crazy housewife who is completely out of her depth, and Wolfgang has to explain everything in a dumbed-down fashion, translated from my Italian, they will be concentrating on how they can take advantage of the situation. It took me a while to find a relatively unknown German journalist who was fluent in Italian.”
*
Nigel Bradstock felt he had been given the run-around. The Interpol tip off that Baumann had flown back from Cologne to Manchester and headed for Birmingham proved to be a big embarrassment. When his covert operatives took the baton from the Interpol agents they were patient, waiting until they had a perfect place to apprehend the target. They entered the so-called massage parlour mid-afternoon when they were pretty sure there would be only a few punters on the premises. It was an establishment which they knew offered alternative therapies, including personalised ‘erotic pain’ at very reasonable prices. The place descended into panic when they flashed their warrant cards. The officers calmed the owner by saying they only needed to speak with one individual – the latest arrival. He was handed over and escorted off the premises. When they got a good look at him they were confused, and the penny dropped when his ID was accessed. One of the officers knew him as a Colony contractor. They let him go, apologising for the intrusion and informed Bradstock. He was livid with Interpol, but knew he could not challenge them; he still had to think of the bigger picture.
*
Renton’s help had arrived from Middlesbrough. Sam Gibson was perfect. They had worked on the same team as rookies in Durham, and Renton remembered him as a grafter rather than a trailblazer. Renton passed him on to Stephanie to bring him up to speed. He rang Cousins and thanked him for getting Gibson in so quickly and taking the press conference on his behalf. Just before he put the phone down, Cousins said he had been speaking to Bradstock.
 “There seems to have been a change of heart. He wants this Bowman or Baumann character found as quickly as possible. He says he told you that he had returned to the UK, and without distracting you from these ‘serial’ killings, he is happy for you to investigate anything which specifically crops up in relation to Bowman. It seems like we are both receiving appreciation of our efforts Jack, or more likely, the pressure has shifted to the Midwest. Forster is on his way back there.” Renton did not dwell on the subject, merely saying, “Will do.”
*
Gertrude Baumann was quite shocked when she opened the door to Vivienne and her companions, in fact so shocked that she stood speechless for an uncomfortable length of time.
“You do know who I am, don’t you Mrs Bowman?”
“Er, yes of course, I er, well please come in.” She introduced her father and explained that her daughter was out shopping with her grandmother. 
“Can I get you some coffee?” They all nodded enthusiastically, and Gertrude’s father volunteered to make it. The pleasantries did not diminish the awkwardness, so Vivienne decided to get to the point before the coffee arrived. 
“We are still trying to come to terms with what happened to Alistair, and realise you must be very worried about Harry. I have come all this way to see if we can help each other. You may not have heard that I have decided to run the company rather than proceed with any merger plan. I feel it will be better to keep our H.Q. in the UK, rather than transfer it to Germany, and it possibly gives me a better chance of finding the truth. I strongly believe Alistair was killed for his knowledge or his intention to use it despite resistance from our government. It also seems logical that your husband has disappeared for the same reason. I want to find him.”
“But the police are looking for him, aren’t they?”
“That’s what we hear, but they don’t seem to be getting very far. I know your husband was to travel to Cologne with you on Saturday evening 3rd November, but I had no idea my husband was booked on the same flight. Did you know about this?” The coffee arrived and gave a natural break in the conversation.
 “No, not until he did not arrive on time.”
“So, Harry told you he was expecting Alistair by then?” Gertrude shifted uncomfortably in her seat, and it was her father who reacted.
 “Tell them woman, tell them.” She became tearful and could not seem to get started. Her father spoke again. 
“Harry was not on the flight. Gertrude was told by a man using his ticket and passport that Harry was in their care, and that if she wanted her daughter to remain safe in Germany, she should do what she was told. Now Gertrude, for God’s sake tell them.” She summoned up the courage to describe the situation after the flight landed. 
“The man was British, and he said I must tell the German police nothing other than my husband had gone to meet someone in Cologne. He said that once the police here had declared him as officially missing, Harry would be released to come home. He said it could be some time before the German police came to see her, but she must wait for that to happen. My father never agreed with me doing this but I had to think about my daughter as well as Harry. When they did come the German officer just accepted my story and said they would wait a few days before he would be listed as missing. Then they came back and said he was not missing, they had found he had returned to England. They said I had wasted police time. Now that they have heard some people have been killed in England with Harry’s information on them, they are here every day. My father believes that they think I made up the story and suspect me of being involved in his disappearance. His pictures are now on TV and posted all over the place. I am followed everywhere. They think I do not know this, but my father has followed me too and he can see them, making notes behind me. We are very scared now because it is possible that Harry’s body will be found and I will be arrested. If you can find something Mrs Banks, please think about my daughter and the danger she may be in.”
Schroder was recording all of this on his phone, its microphone discreetly hidden behind his jacket lapel. The meeting continued only for as long as Gertrude permitted, and she wanted them to evaporate as suddenly as they arrived. They began the drive toward Cologne, with Wolfgang again providing the exit road number for Troisdorf. 
*
As Jack Renton arrived at the hospital, there was quite a lot of activity in Ben Adams’ private room. When he was acknowledged by the staff he was informed that there was also new activity in Ben’s brain. It was not yet evident in his physical form, but there were clear signals of cerebral recovery. The neurosurgeon tried to explain.
 “This is very good news compared to the baseline of a vegetative state, but must be put into perspective. The chances of him regaining consciousness have improved considerably, but as yet we can’t say which motor or speech functions may be impaired.”
 Renton took a deep breath and felt a wave of intense but cautious relief. He therefore declined the urge to ask further questions for the present. Instead he went to the coffee shop until the staff had vacated Adams’ room. When he got there, Jane and Daniel were already sharing a pot of tea.
 “Let’s drink up and go for something to eat.” They walked out of the main entrance linked emotionally as well as by hand.
*
The journey to Inverkip was punctuated by Beresford’s periods of lucidity. He was eventually able to sustain a conversation. From then on, it did not take long for him to rationalise that he must comply with the demands of Graham. He understood the rules, and that his time was up, the only bargaining chip he had left was the protection of his wife and daughter. Graham had shown him a suggested form of words which would constitute his suicide note. They wanted it to be logical and credible, whereas he wanted content that would make it difficult for further reprisals against his family. He eventually got them to agree to part of his note being a confession of his self-inflicted exile, and the part the London Colony had played in it. He wanted a reference that if any harm came to either his wife Marlene, or Vivienne, the police would know where to look. It fitted with Graham’s desire to get the police to treat the case as straightforward suicide and the London people to believe it was an intensely personal antagonistic expression of fear from Beresford. He liked the idea that he and Finley would be able to capitalise on this, to begin harmonisation between the two regions. It added credibility that the problem had always been with Peter Beresford and nothing to do with either Eddie Finley or himself. 
The note was placed in a prominent place on the boat, and Beresford was allowed to drink brandy until he was unconscious. Then he was injected with over half a bottle more. They stayed until he expired amongst involuntary vomit, and then at the dead of night, made their way back to the car, which was parked a couple of miles inshore. It was expected that they would be back in the Midwest long before he was discovered.
Chapter 19
Wednesday November 14th 2018

Thankfully there were no reports of a body having been discovered, but there was an envelope addressed to Mr Renton. The contents and the address on the envelope were later shown to be from a computer printer. He called Sam Gibson and Stephanie Baker into the office. He had already put the letter into a plastic bag. It read:
 ‘If you were keeping up, you may have expected another poor innocent person to have suffered the ultimate sacrifice. Maybe you have to work harder now, otherwise the thread will snap, and then you will be lost. You must find me; it is the only way it will stop. I have no alternative means of bringing people’s attention to a disgusting situation. Its festering presence thrives even during the short interval between the writing and reading of this note. You must help me to bring this needless killing to an end. In case you think I am a crank, send someone to the Derwent Walk nature trail. From Rowlands Gill, proceed over the viaduct towards Lintzford. After only a few hundred yards look carefully to the right, and you will be able to pick out a small, crumbling ruin. It is known as Gibside Priory and is on private land. The person you find will have identification which will facilitate your investigation, I am curious as to what you will make of it, but it should help you. Sentinel.’
The reactions of the two onlookers were very different. Stephanie seemed to shiver, and shook her head. 
“This is a real curve ball. I’ve never been convinced that the killings were all committed by one person. They had a whiff of ‘organisation’ about them; a group or a gang – something of that nature.” 
Gibson was about as pragmatic as Renton expected. 
“This is the killer’s first definite mistake that we know of so far. He or she knows that, and knows that we will know. This is a critical point in our investigation. Absolute concentration on detail will bring the author of this note to us.” Renton was more circumspect. 
“We can’t rule out a copycat scenario. This envelope has no stamp. I’ve checked with reception and they say it must have been hand-delivered into the reinforced mailbox. You know, since that spate of suicide bomb incidents forced all stations in the country to code-lock the entrances, and have this thick metal cavity for the mail fitted with state of the art detection equipment, we no longer interact directly with people who try to contact us in writing. We therefore have no alternative but to trawl the station CCTV for the last couple of days. Sam, you should get started on this right away. Let’s not panic just yet, I’ll have to pass this on to Cousins, but until then only the three of us need to know about the note. I’m going to take a ride with uniform to this ruin. If what the note says is verified we have to think whether it’s feasible for one person to have killed two people in London, two up here, and then there is Banks, who could still have met his end in either location. The selection of the victims is critical if we are supposed to believe it is the work of only one person, and if we get more notes, we must look for knowledge that hasn’t yet been made public. Keep an open mind. Steph, can you alert Greg Watson and Clive Donoghue that I may be calling them in an hour or so?”
Meanwhile the Crown Prosecution service was relatively upbeat about charging Vic Jackson with the murder of Purdil Pitafi. Even though Donoghue’s DNA work was not complete, he had not encountered any disqualifying evidence. The DNA profile from the blood on Banks’ hands did match that of Jackson, but he had claimed he had only moved the body, and it was a cumbersome task. The safer case at this stage was Pitafi, and the results were imminent, thus the expectation of them backing up fingerprint and video footage. 
*
Marlene Beresford had not been able to reach her husband and with Vivienne still in Germany, she was feeling quite vulnerable. It was not like him to avoid regular contact even though that was all it was, checking the situation at both ends. Her life had been like this for years; he had insisted on it. When she rang Vivienne, the advice was to speak to the police. Marlene was nervous about this as it could cause more serious problems than the one she was desperate to solve. All she knew about his trip was that he was travelling to the Midwest, and now she was beginning to wish she had gone with him. She would give it another few hours. If there had simply been no signal where he was, he would have used a public phone, of that she was sure. 
*
Vivienne’s reception at Bio-Synth seemed a little over the top. She had anticipated concern and the appropriate level of interest in Alistair’s untimely demise, but this was way beyond expectation. No fewer than fourteen personnel were involved in rolling out the red carpet. They varied from Group Chief Executive to the highest company legal presence. There was an air of controlled tension as they took their seats. Vivienne began with the explanation that Schroder was her advisor and translator.
 “My first language is Italian and as I want to be sure that everything is understood on both sides, Wolfgang will convey my position to you in German, as I am unable to do this myself. He will also be able to translate your views into Italian. I thought it would be better than both of us struggling with the semantics of English.” 
This was well received and she brought them up to date with the mystery surrounding the murder. Then she went straight for the jugular through Schroder. While he said they must talk about Baumann, she was able to scan the body language. It was varied. The C.E. and top lawyer were visibly uncomfortable, whereas technical and commercial management simply looked bored. She had her first request.
 “I think it would be better to discuss this point with a limited number of people.” 
When this was translated it was executed without further discussion. She was then informed that those who had left would be available as required. The lawyer was first to challenge Vivienne’s order of agenda.
 “We have not heard from Baumann and although that must be worrying to all of us, the merger did not depend on his presence or future employment. We believe it is a matter for the police.” 
The pause for thought provided by having to translate everything had been one of Vivienne’s defences against drawing premature conclusions, and this was the first test. Schroder articulated her steadfast position. 
“I am not here to tell you how to run your company. I am sure you would have asked at some time, so we will cover it now. The information which was to arrive here was to be split between the two of them, Alistair and Baumann. The merger agreement and bond would have gone with my husband and the intellectual property safeguards with Baumann. My husband’s briefcase is still missing and so is that of Baumann. So gentlemen, I have instructed the bank to cancel the bond in case there is a fraudulent attempt to spirit the money into the ether. As sole inheritor of my husband’s estate, I now own all of his stock in Bio-Cure Industries. The current exposure has to be nullified, and my legal advice is that the missing merger agreement may be as yet unsigned by Alistair, and in any case does not override his last will and testament. Then there is the small matter that the agreement may prove to be the reason he was murdered. You are business experts, so you surely understand that I need to recover the intellectual property as a priority. The position with respect to the merger will remain on hold until Baumann’s briefcase is recovered. That is unless you have a better idea. I am now running Bio-Cure Industries, and as such I am just getting used to working full time, but I can promise you that I will look at the position differently to my husband. I am not interested in things such as ‘extraordinary shares’ and ‘mitigation of capital gains tax’. I want to bulldoze this biased British resistance to clinical approval into the dust. They continually delay ratification of our cures for terminal conditions. It is a question of morality as well as profitability. You apparently offer a quicker route to clinical approval here, but that may not always be the case. The ball is in your court and I will understand if you consider the original agreement to be defunct.”
Martin Parrish had not been introduced to the illustrious gathering, and nobody had asked in what capacity he was there. He had expected a polite exchange and diplomatic postponement of the agreement, and not the firebrand approach by Vivienne. He could not help feeling that the transformation from self-indulgent billionaire’s daughter to moral crusader was destined to last no longer than it would take these people to assemble the artillery.
They asked for a private discussion, and suggested that the visitors took a short plant tour to familiarise themselves with the operation. This was accepted and proved quite valuable. On return, another two employees had joined the meeting; they were the research director and the head patent lawyer. The C.E. recommenced the dialogue. 
“We are happy to supplant the original agreement with a new one as long as it is concluded expeditiously, and of mutual benefit. We therefore would like to hear your proposals.”
Vivienne had never been a shrinking violet and was able to divorce the lack of detailed knowledge of the business from the tenets of brinkmanship. This was one lesson from her father that she had never resisted. 
“I think there is a slight misunderstanding, so I am pleased that we have the translator with us. My timescale would appear different to yours. The British bureaucracy knows nothing of time deadlines when dealing in clinical approval, or thickness of the dust from piles of applications waiting for confirmation of receipt. If you are willing to accept that kind of protracted review period for a new agreement I can readily accommodate it. If not, then you need to explain how you can help shorten this dead time.” 
She had remembered Richard Doyle’s assertion that Bio-Synth were unusually eager to run for the cover of Alistair’s cash rich balance sheet. Without needing to know the precise reasons for the intensity of the courtship, she had also ascertained from Doyle that if Alistair had not seen synergy and expressed an interest, Bio-Synth would have needed serious restructuring of their operations. Doyle had also said that they could not get guaranteed support from their bank, hence the irregular injection of £65 million. Her hereditary disposition as predator rather than prey came naturally. It was similar to the laws of physics, insofar as it was possible to know many things that could or could not be done, without understanding the reason. She took advantage of the hiatus, during which the opposition members were whispering to one another in a huddle. 
“I believe we may add a new guideline to the process. I have benefitted immensely from the tour, somewhat to your disadvantage. My technical consultant here advises me that your plant needs comprehensive overhaul. In his opinion, it could do with being replaced. In that event all you appear to be able to offer me is a fast track to clinical approval, which is not a quantifiable hard asset in terms of independent valuation. I have therefore concluded that the only interest I can now recommend to my board is one of acquisition, and even then, it would probably be at a price at which you would be horrified. On the other hand it could save your company. It is a big decision for you, and the only bargaining point I am prepared to consider in arriving at a final price, is information leading to the whereabouts of Baumann. We leave you to consider your position and thank you for your hospitality.”
When they returned to the Mercedes Vivienne apologised for springing the title of technical consultant on Parrish. 
“We had to shorten their decision path Martin, now let us get out of here.” They dropped Schroder and he was delighted with the exclusive he could print after Vivienne had informed the UK police of Gertrude’s confession. He wanted to follow up on the Bio-Synth discussion as and when Vivienne gave the green light.
Chapter 20

The alert for Greg Watson to be on call for Renton reminded him that he had some new data available. He called him just as the car was arriving in Rowlands Gill.
 “Jack, we’ve been testing a new programme to take as much subjectivity out of time of death calculations as possible. It extrapolates well accepted data automatically and compares each approach, such as corpse temperature, necrosis, ambient conditions etc. and assigns an interactive coefficient for those applicable. Some reinforce one another and others cause conflicting effects. It has proven to be useful and I have begun to enter data for the victims we have so far, starting with Banks. It suggests he was killed earlier than first thought. My personal estimate was that the latest he had died was 2.00 am on Sunday 4th November, the programme is indicating around 7pm. on Saturday 3rd, which doesn’t give a hell of a lot of time after the football match. This is still an estimate, but my colleagues have convinced me that it was definitely well before midnight. The implications are important, and that is why I am telling you now. I can’t see how he could have been murdered in the north.”
Renton took some time to digest this and thanked Watson. “You may get another chance to test out your brainchild very soon.” 
Having left the car in the lower village car park, the three officers accessed the entrance to the Walk at the viaduct and proceeded west. The Priory was not easy to see even in the absence of leaves on the surrounding trees. They had informed the landowner of the need to inspect the ruin and that he should meet them on the adjoining road which ran under the Walk itself. He was asked to stay out of the ruin because they could not be certain it was without risk. He was then asked to confirm who he was and that he was indeed the landowner. The three of them set off over the meadow in the approach to the building. They could already hear birds squawking and when within a few metres, a flurry of activity heralded the retreat of several Red Kites. These carrion-feeding rare birds were not happy at being disturbed during their feast. Peering inside caused one of the young officers to rush to the nearest bush and discharge his breakfast. Renton and the other officer stood in silence while they assessed the scene. The deceased male had no eyes or cheeks, and his hands had been stripped of all flesh, looking like an x-ray image protruding from his jacket sleeves. Renton called Watson and Donoghue to get there as soon as possible. 
The prospect of transporting a lifeless corpse from the car park, even under cover of darkness made Renton think that the man had walked to the ruin under threat. The Derwent Walk was originally the main transport railway for coal from Newcastle to Consett steelworks, and the return journey which brought the steel to the shipyards on the Tyne. When those industries began to decline, the railway fell into disuse, and eventually the tracks were ripped up and the route became a trail for walkers, horse riders and cyclists. It had become a very popular recreational facility, and it would be extremely difficult to get from the car park to the ruin in daylight, without being seen by someone, especially if they were in the company of a dead body.
*
Wah Chen received an unexpected call. “Hello Donald, it has been a while.” 
He was not particularly receptive to his old boss at Gladstone-Klein. Firstly, he felt he had been held back by the narcissistic attitude of someone who continually exploited the riches of the corporate ladder. Without actually having any real talent himself, he milked the strengths of others. When Chen had decided to move on, Price was livid at first, and then had a sudden change in attitude. It became clear that he could help or be destructive when references were required by the Home Office. The favour had not taken long to be called in after Chen was successfully appointed to a senior analyst post. Price had learned from his many contacts of the decision to lodge the Genetic Profile Directory with the Home office, well before it actually happened.
 He reminded Chen of how instrumental he had been in him securing his new career. He added that it could be a long or short career, depending on his agreement to a request. Price had figured out ahead of Alistair Banks that the Directory would be invaluable in his leverage to improve clinical clearance times for his products. When Banks had agreed, but asked how it could be achieved, Price simply said he could deliver it for a fee. Chen had then received the blackmail threat. ‘We want this transfer to be untraceable and then the source to be corrupted, denying even official access.’ Chen’s predicament was eased with the cut he was offered by Price, and he ultimately became quite passive to the morality of his action and the possible consequence of incarceration. Price had summed it up neatly for him. ‘Wah, everything which can be valued in monetary terms is simply a commodity. The stock market reflects the value of shares at any given point in time, and in there is opportunity and lost opportunity. Morality is no different, what is valued today can be worthless tomorrow. This opportunity for Alistair won’t be repeated. You can be set up for life; that is if you have both the ability and the balls. If you decline you won’t have a job, I will ‘discover’ the theft of Gladstone-Klein data to pin on you. I know you did this, so that need not be in the equation. Don’t make the same mistake as you did when working for me, this is the winning ticket in the lottery.’ Chen had countered this by claiming it would cost more. He played on the importance of the consequences of failure or detection, and the differences for Price and himself. He insisted that the scam had to stand up to scrutiny from the inevitable expertise which would be thrown at the ‘disappearance.’ 
They settled on a new split and Chen began the programme. He wanted the fragmentation completely ready to be activated before any copying took place. He had received partial payment up front and this current phone call was made by Price to arrange for the remainder to be handed over. 
“Yes Wah, it has been a while, and things have got messy. You obviously know about Alistair’s death and the subsequent involvement of the police. You won’t know that the briefcase with the Directory must have fallen into the wrong hands. The police have not released this information, but I saw him with it the day of the football match after which he disappeared. We have to assume it is in the possession of whoever killed him.”
“Shit. Donald, you said you had this under control.”
“Yes, but I only figured out after the match that he was taking it to Germany with him.”
“What about the rest of my money?”
“That’s why I am calling you. He had yet to pay me the balance and we can both say goodbye to it.”
“No Donald, you have to get it. If I’m going down, I’ll take you with me. I will show the Home Secretary how to recover the Directory, and that there has been infiltration by your company, with Banks as the beneficiary. They will then find the new custodians of the Directory and verify your involvement, and as you suspected I still have Gladstone-Klein codes, so I can embed the fragments where you can’t find them. Remember, I created most of the design structure for your system, and that will help me to convince them of my innocence. You won’t be afforded such an opportunity, and you know what you told me about grabbing opportunities Donald. Get the money and call me. You have one week.”
*
The young officer had just about gained control of his queasiness and joined his partner in sealing off the area with yellow police tape. Renton waited patiently for Watson and Donoghue to express their initial thoughts. The forensics people had started to examine various parts of the body and the enclosed ruin. They quickly discovered that they were not the first to disturb his clothing, as there were hordes of beetles, worms and even small rodents running for cover. Watson surmised that the corpse had been there for some time, maybe three days or more. Donoghue wanted it back in the lab as soon as possible to avoid any further dining out by the local wildlife. All but the three pale blue-suited forensics people left, and they could now embark on an uninterrupted and thorough examination of the building and surrounding meadow.
*
Marlene Beresford had given in to her concern and reported her husband missing. The Newcastle police had at first tried to stress that the short time involved could be explained by a number of things, and that they would not normally list someone as officially missing for another day at least. When the desk officer queried her insistence with his superior, the dialogue changed dramatically. Peter Beresford was not just some wandering crack-head who had lost the will to live, he was always in control. He placated Marlene and asked her to recount the story in full by coming to the station.
*
The painstaking trawl of the CCTV footage of the station mailbox had not been too helpful. There were at least thirty people who had deposited items in the relevant time interval. Their envelopes included proof of ownership of vehicles, production of driving licences and completed speeding violation forms. None of the people were known to the police as viewed from the film. The note must have been delivered by one of them, so they would have to go through an elimination programme from the deposited paperwork and match it to the person.
*
The last couple of days had not been uplifting for Bradstock. The latest corpse, the latest disappearance of Harry Houdini Bowman, and the latest potential earth tremor involving Peter Beresford had all conspired towards unfavourable headlines. From his lonely mental vacuum, a dubious course of action gathered momentum. He would set up an all-embracing incident room in Durham. He felt it was worth employing a sledgehammer to crack this string of interrelated nuts. His final justification rested on two of them being definitely connected to the northeast, and perhaps Baumann’s trail could be reassessed from there too. The full artillery of the Three Rivers force would also vindicate the decision which had been taken to amalgamate Durham, Nothumbria and Cleveland. It sounded impressive.
*
Donald Price had his own ticking bomb to contemplate. He knew Chen had the ability to carry out his threat. He wanted to have a conversation with Vivienne in order to convince her that the final payment from Alistair was overdue. It was tricky because it would only be possible to verify the debt by finding the Genetic Profile Directory in the missing briefcase. His only other option for raising such an amount would be to receive a bogus invoice for some fictitious service to his company. He decided it was worth running an idea past Julian Hepworth.
*
The identification of the latest body was a very unpleasant process. The ID referred to an employee of Bio-Cure Industries. Andrew Todd had worked directly for Harry Bowman, as chief research manager in the Bio-Chem division. His wife was completely distraught at the dreadful condition of the body. As he was supposed to be travelling on company business, she had no cause to think it could be Andrew. She collapsed and began to hyperventilate. Having got her breathing under control she was taken to hospital as a precaution. At first sight of the body she had shaken her head in denial, but shock had quickly set in and she had screamed in protest while nodding her head that it was her husband. 
*
When Marlene Beresford had gone through the tale for a second time, then filled out and signed the form, the duty officer was instructed to copy it and pass one to Renton. The normal procedure between the forces swung into action and Clyde police checked the boat. When the news came back that it looked like suicide, the ripples moved outward very quickly. Renton now grasped why he had a copy of a missing person report. The potential connection between Banks, Vivienne and Peter Beresford could not be ignored.
Vivienne got the news from her mother while the Mercedes was boarding the return ferry. She was temporarily suspended in inexplicable grief. She broke down and Martin Parrish had to hold her for a while before determining the cause. She wasn’t making a lot of sense, rambling on about how it would have been easier to accept if he had been killed in an accident, or even taken out by his enemies.
 “Now I have to start thinking all over again. Why? Why would he do this? He never once gave me any reason to love him, or to witness him demonstrating how he truly cared about anyone but himself. This is bizarre. I hate him more than ever, laying this on my mother – the selfish bastard. He has corrupted my life and now this. I just wanted him to love me. Is that too much to ask?” Parrish tried to get her to recognise that love of that kind has many faces.
“You asked about my mother on the way here. I had a fantastic relationship with her and she was so appreciative of that. My brother never once came to see her during her long illness, and he lived in Staffordshire, only four hours away by car. She loved both of us equally and I could never understand it. In fact it caused a very deep rift between me and Steven. However, she didn’t want to see that, and encouraged me to make allowances for him having a more ‘distant’ personality. I had to pretend everything was fine between us during her last hours, as I’d warned him her time was short. It was the love I felt for my mother which allowed me to do this convincingly, I couldn’t bring myself to cause her distress at that moment. I’m sure your father always cared about you even though you fought all the time. Then there’s your mother, Vivienne. You can’t feel what you claim to for her if you can’t share her grief. She’s relying on that, so don’t deny her need. Believe me, you’ll feel better about it than if you sour her loss even more by raking up old scores.” She brushed away the tears and replied.
 “I know, I know, but Jesus, I wanted him to be there when he found out that I’m not going to be pushed around by anybody in restoring Alistair’s dream. I wanted him to be proud of me for once.”
“He would have been. I know that I couldn’t believe how you told those Bio-Synth people about the way things are going to be, even if I was your technical consultant. And I get the feeling a few more people are in for a shock. Now, let’s get something to eat and you can call your mother back.”
*
Greg Watson popped his head in to say Andrew Todd’s cause of death was consistent with the others. “It was more difficult to obtain uncontaminated tissue, and therefore the result is a little more ‘empirical’ than normal, but it was insulin overdose preceded by sedation. I will get to time of death tomorrow. I know it is critical for you with the implication that it wasn’t within the last twenty-four hours, so I want to be sure.”
When Renton got the news of Bradstock’s master plan from Cousins, he suffered complete but short mental blindness. It prompted him to inform Sam Gibson and Stephanie that he was going to the hospital. As he arrived, there was a call he needed to make. 
“Jane, it’s me Jack. I’m at the hospital again. I don’t think anything much is going to happen, but I would rather sit with Ben than deal with some of the shit that’s coming over the transom at work. I wanted to say how much I’ve enjoyed the last couple of nights, and just in case you were going to invite me again tonight, I would have declined. It was so good with the two of you that I don’t want to ruin it again, like I always have. Can I take it slowly? I need to change a lot before both of you can rely on me.”
“I think you already have.”
“Well, maybe, but I mean really change. I have something in mind, but I’ve been there before. I’m determined to do this but it will take time, and some of that time is for Ben. How about going to the cinema on Saturday? The two of you can argue over which movie for the next few days.”
“That would make a lovely change. I’ll check whether Daniel has any arrangements and get back to you. It’s nice to be talking like this again. Now go and see Ben and let us know how he is.”
Chapter 21
Thursday November 15th 2018

The clatter of trolleys woke him up. Renton had not intended to sleep at Adams’ bedside, but he certainly slept well. There was no further change and he used the washroom before returning home to shower and change.
*
Meanwhile Donald Price had opted for the apparently less risky route and visited Bio-Cure. He was unexpected but Julian Hepworth agreed to meet him.
 “Well Mr Chief Executive, how is the world of medicine and corporate intrigue treating you?”
“No crises to quell so far Donald. I’m waiting for the return of the chairman, chairwoman or chairperson. Companies like my own don’t seem to have these grandiose functions. I hope she hasn’t complicated matters. I guess we will find out from Martin tonight.”
“Yes. It was Vivienne I came to talk about. There may be an opportunity to exploit while she is cutting her teeth.” He told Hepworth about the ‘steal’ of the Directory from the Home Office. 
“I only mentioned it to Alistair as a joke, but he fastened on to it like a barnacle. He staggered me by agreeing to pay such a fee, and pestered me to get it done as soon as humanly possible. We delivered and he only made the down payment. If I tell this tale to Vivienne she will merely think I am practicing extortion, with the threat of exposing the company. Let me tell you the fee has been earned because it was an incredibly complex job to get it out of their system without them knowing who or how. I thought if you were to back me up, we could share the spoils.”
“And how do I know this is genuine? She is bound to ask you to find the briefcase and prove it.”
“Probably, but she won’t want anyone else to have the proof. She would then be exposed to genuine blackmail. Also I can arrange for you to meet the person in the Home Office who made the steal possible. He is able to prove the theft, and is also very angry at not being fully reimbursed. He is one such candidate who could blow the whistle and become a hero, or blackmail Vivienne directly. What I’m suggesting is that we smooth everything over and get paid for it. I accept that we may have to countenance a small part being retained until we find the briefcase. We would actually be helping her.”
“You said until we find the briefcase! You mean until you find it. The police are all over this, or had you forgotten? I’m prepared to back up your story after meeting the thief, but I want nothing to do with searching for that briefcase.”
“Ok, in that case we have a deal.”
*
Vivienne asked Martin Parrish to drive to her home to collect Marlene. 
“We can go directly from there to the police. I will help Mum to absorb everything we can about Dad’s death, and you can tell them about the confusion over Stansted and Heathrow.”
He noticed that she said ‘Dad’. She had always referred to Peter Beresford as ‘him’ or ‘father’. They found Marlene wandering around the garden, talking to herself. Vivienne held her close and Parrish gave them space for the intensely personal moment. Finally, they persuaded her to change clothes and accompany them to the police station. Upon arrival they were shown to an interview room and a senior uniformed officer joined them. Parrish made the request to see Renton and was told that the D.C.I. would be attending the session with Marlene Beresford first. Renton eventually arrived and explained that his interest was to determine if there was any connection of Beresford’s death with the disappearance of Paul Grimes. 
“It’s a long shot, but we have someone detained for the murder of Purdil Pitafi, and Grimes was indirectly involved. So, knowing that Grimes had a relationship with organised crime, and Mr Beresford had received many death threats, we want to be sure we cover all bases.” Vivienne revived her cynical persona.
 “You put that so delicately Inspector. You have witnessed my grief at the scene of Alistair’s death, and now you suggest my father may not have taken his own life. My mother is bereft at present, and a little more subtlety would be appreciated in letting us know what happens next. Like the small matter of his body, and making arrangements for his funeral, sorting out his will – you know, the kind of stuff the bereaved have to tackle head-on before the grieving process can begin in our civilised society.”
“You’re quite right Mrs Banks, it may be better if I can talk to you separately after the officer brings you up to date with information from the Clyde police.” This gave Parrish the chance to speak with Renton about his recollections of the events immediately after the football match. 
Renton listened carefully to the detail and then asked, “So let me get this right. It wasn’t the pilot who told you that Banks and Bowman were not going to fly back, it was Banks himself?”
“Yes, well both really. Alistair mentioned that he and Harry had a meeting and he was going to retrieve his briefcase, which we assumed was at Stansted. When the three of us made our separate ways back, the pilot told us they had a meeting and wouldn’t make the flight. We just nodded because I suppose we already knew of the meeting and it must have dragged on. Apart from being disappointed that we weren’t going to celebrate back in Newcastle it didn’t seem like a big deal. Alistair would never just curtail a meeting to catch a flight if the subject matter was very important.”
“And just to confirm previous information, you, Donald Price, and Julian Hepworth went on your own shopping trips?”
“Yes, I think Julian wanted fancy lingerie and went to the King’s Road. Donald always bought his wife jewelry and headed for Knightsbridge. I visited a favourite shop to buy my girlfriend a rare book she has wanted for some time.”
“Can we just run over the times again? Because I’m still a little confused as to how Bowman made it to Heathrow and Alistair didn’t, especially as you also thought it would be very tight in terms of traffic.”
“I know. I’ve traced this back repeatedly. It was perhaps only half an hour after the game when we split. I can’t be accurate about this, as I can’t recall checking my watch then. So that would be about 5.30pm. Because of the match crowd, I took a taxi to Covent Garden and didn’t get there until after 6.10pm. I did check my watch then because I had to get back to Stansted, and I asked the driver to wait until I had got my book. He was happy to do so with the promise of a decent tip. Donald was back at the airport before me, and Julian arrived a few minutes after I did. The pilot had called each of us to say where we would meet. I think the airport clock showed 7.50pm, or thereabouts, when we were all assembled and ready to go.”
“I tend to agree with you that this does not leave a hell of a lot of time for Banks and Bowman to retrieve the briefcase, have a meeting together, Banks and Bowman to be separated and Alistair to die while Bowman, Baumann, or whoever makes it to Heathrow for boarding time.”
“That’s why I came to see you Inspector. I can’t help feeling that the driver who collected us at Stansted is involved in taking the briefcase from Alistair before the match and picking him up afterwards. I saw it when he took out his North Face jacket in the airport, and he definitely did not have it when we got into the car or in the bistro. Do I get the impression that you think he was killed in London?”
“Perhaps. How do we trace this driver?”
“I can remember the company logo; it was Manor Limousines.”
“Well that helps. Thanks for coming in Mr Parrish.”
Greg Watson rang to say that the body found in the ruin had been put through his new programme and the indicated time of death was Monday 12th November. 
“This puts it at roughly the same time as the one in the reservoir, and does at least explain the interest it attracted from the scavengers. I have additional recovered tissue which confirms the presence of excessive insulin.”
Renton thought about this for a few seconds and then asked if he had talked to Donoghue about any forensic evidence to suggest they were killed in the same place. “I have indeed Jack, but the answer is negative. It was the first thought which occurred to me, but it’s over to you now.” Renton passed this on to Gibson and Stephanie, and scratched his head. “See if you come to the same conclusion as I did.”
*
Bradstock had arrived in Durham and immediately got across his concerns.
 “Before I turn to the new incident room approach, I want an update on this Grimes fugitive. I should not need to remind you that it was two of our own that he gunned down, yet I have heard nothing. With the resources on this task, we should have bagged him by now. We must be going about it the wrong way.” 
This was a warning delivered to everyone present, but targeted at Bernard Cousins, in front of his subordinates. Renton had taken a progressive dislike to this man and openly challenged his inference. 
“We’re all aware that Grimes was run by the Colony, and could be under their protection. Perhaps the Midwest force can pick up faint signals of any contact he has made with the hive. It’s almost impossible for the Three Rivers to penetrate this ring of mafia-style hierarchy from here. We’ve had no hint of him still being in this region.”
Bradstock’s eyes narrowed and Cousins, although grateful for the unorthodox respect shown by Renton, tried to defuse any mounting animosity. 
“I think D.C.I. Renton makes a good point Sir, and I will redouble my efforts to collaborate with the Midwest on this. The fact remains that the two officers were gunned down on our patch.” 
Renton had tried to make the subtle point, to all attendees, that the Midwest was part of a bigger problem. Getting information from them was considerably more difficult than squeezing blood from a stone. He had restrained himself from making an outright accusation that there was a blind eye policy in the Midwest force toward certain activities of the Colony. He rankled at Bradstock’s cheap shot by criticising the stricken officers’ colleagues to protect his own grubby domain. Taking on inappropriate guilt for fallen comrades was all too easy for those wanting revenge, and this senior official was milking it. Renton wasn’t deliberately being reckless with regard to his own career; he wanted to flush out the real reason for this ridiculous incident room. He had made sure that Bradstock was stoked up. When the chief spoke again it was not difficult to see that he was privately smouldering. 
“Of course we are pursuing all routes of enquiry, both official and the more risky alternative, in the Midwest, but this region is where he evaporated from, and I have no indication of how he has crept through the net. Unless we have failed to spot him on public transport, which seems unlikely, he is either still up here or he has driven through our checkpoints. I want this force to become more focussed on detection than reprisal. It is understandable that emotions run high in such cases, but composure is what is really required. Now I want to progress to the approach to the other items after a short break. D.C.I. Renton, I would like you to join me to run through the latest information on the decomposing corpse found in the ruin.”
Renton settled into a chair and anticipated a fierce reaction. He was also prepared to insist that Cousins was present if the session became a charade, merely to admonish him for breaking the team ethic. However, Cousins was invited to be part of the discussion. Bradstock wanted to clarify Renton’s statement.
 “Exactly what did you mean by the Midwest being better placed than this force to siphon information from the Colony?”
“I meant exactly that Sir. It’s no secret that the hive moved from London to the Midwest with Beresford, and now that he has expired, the control is even more concentrated there. Also, it would be a bit amateurish for our people to show up on your patch and begin asking difficult questions. I don’t think that the Midwest force would like it either. I was simply making the point that if he has fled to the hive, because he feared there was no safe haven here, we could use your help. I’m speculating, which I try to refrain from, but I would think he’d prefer to be anywhere but the northeast right now, or indeed anywhere with cameras, such as airports, train or bus stations. I agree with you that he may well have already got through the hastily constructed net, and that’s very unfortunate. Also, may I say that my comments were from a different perspective; this is primarily because C.I.D. is not conducting the manhunt. I thought I was being helpful and open-minded.” Cousins breathed a sigh of relief, while Bradstock feigned misunderstanding. He would need to see to Renton at an appropriate time.
Chapter 22

Julian Hepworth phoned Vivienne to say that he was travelling to London to meet with a key supplier, and hoped to catch up with her Bio-Synth visit on his return. He travelled by car with Donald Price. They were to meet with Chen that evening. 
It was Stephanie who mirrored Renton’s intuition. 
“Sir, I’ve thought about Greg Watson’s time of death of Todd, in the ruin. When I put this together with the note, I believe the author is trying to tell us that it’s the date of discovery of the body which fits a pattern rather than the time of death. The other aspects of location, employment and faith remain in the frame. The time of death is a parameter which we need for matching evidence with the individual killings, not one which is reliable in predicting when the next one will occur.” Renton smiled and nodded. She was quite pleased with herself. He turned to Gibson. 
“I’ve had a very interesting chat with Martin Parrish about the timeline in London just before Banks’ death. You like detail Sam, and have a fresh pair of eyes. Here’s the addendum to his original statement, and those of Hepworth and Price. We need to go through that timeline again, but much more clinically.”
*
Despite the deep reservations they had about Beresford’s suicide, the Clyde police had no evidence to justify treating the death as suspicious. This was passed on to Durham and it made at least one person happy – Nigel Bradstock. It strangely left Vivienne and her mother in a vacuum. They had not wanted to contemplate Beresford having been murdered, and now they could resume their reconciliation of why he wanted to take his own life.
*
Seth Graham and Eddie Finley were ready to re-plan the means of helping the cause of Enigma in London. It had been delayed by getting rid of Grimes and Beresford. Also the public had been preoccupied with the string of killings which had been linked by the press if not publicly by the police. The media had now adopted the short-speak title of ‘The C.V. (Curriculum Vitae) Killings.’ The media may well have chosen a different phrase, if the latest victim had been a Muslim. Graham and Finley did not want the enforced delay to eclipse the good work that had already been done. The march had been portrayed as fairly low key, but behind the scenes there was a storm brewing. The policing requirement was difficult to judge, as it was going to begin and end in a Chinese-dominated residential area. Graham had brokered financial agreements with certain underground Muslim fringe groups who would intrude into the parade as members of the Muslim Shield. Following this, the Colony could return to what Beresford had been obsessed with – the Midwest project. 
*
Hepworth and Price sat in a café until Chen emerged from the partially lit Home Office building after his day’s work. He headed in their direction. They rose and followed him to a noisy wine bar where it was difficult to hear any conversation, let alone eavesdrop on someone else’s. Hepworth was not aware of the influence Price had wielded in helping Chen secure his new post. He was even more surprised by the detail which the young man was able to quote on some of the internal politics at Bio-Cure, gathered while he worked on their security system. He had a near photographic memory of not just the people, but the emails which passed between them. He confirmed the insatiable desire Banks had expressed for the Genetic Profile Directory, and precisely how he had obtained it. 
“I don’t care where it is now. Mr Price tells me it is in a lost briefcase, but I insist that a deal is a deal and if I expose this in a certain way, Bio-Cure could crash completely. Don’t think I won’t do it.”
Hepworth asked, “What if someone else gets the briefcase open and recovers it intact? They would become a second blackmail threat.”
“Possibly, but I am talking six days before I act. After that it is not my problem, and I repeat – my remuneration was the subject of a contract, and is therefore not blackmail. If I expose the theft it is a consequence of default on the part of Bio-Cure.” Hepworth got the picture and agreed to tackle Vivienne about honouring the final instalment. 
*
Searching for Manor Limousines hit a dead end, there was no such company registered. When Renton contacted Parrish to tell him this, he said it was not all that unusual. 
“I’m in that business myself and I often come into contact with unregistered punters. You just buy some decals and stick them on the side of the car. I must say that one looked authentic, with telephone number, web page etc. It was very professional. Anyway I am absolutely certain that was the name. Perhaps I can make some enquiries under the radar, as opposed to the official route.” Renton thanked him and made a note to check up on this again.
*
Vivienne received a response from the C.E. of Bio-Synth. “After many meetings and tough talking we have a consensus that we will consider your approach to acquire our company. However, our independent valuation has resulted in a lower threshold below which there can be no agreement.”
“I see, and am I about to be advised of this threshold?”
“Indeed. For straight purchase of all voting stock we require an offer in excess of the equivalent of £73 million.”
“Well good luck then. I have no further interest.” There was a short silence and she assumed he was communicating her response to others.
“You are free to check the valuation report, and then commission one yourself Mrs Banks.”
“Look, I suggest we transfer this call from audio to a video conference, as I have something you may wish to see rather than hear from me.” He agreed and she sent for her finance director. When the connection was made, she saw no fewer than seven executives or shareholders in the German office. She guessed that there may have been more prior to the video link-up. She introduced Thomas Enfield, who was sat in front of a laptop and had already loaded a page. 
“Now, since I was in Germany there must have been a leak of the possibility of this deal being imminent. I can assure you that it has not come from here, and in a moment Mr Enfield will show you how the relative movement of the share prices of our two companies have been affected. You will not be surprised to see that Bio-Synth has shot skyward, whereas Bio-Cure has drifted downward. I could bore you with a lot of projected scenarios which could be manipulated if we were to proceed, but my own reaction is very straightforward. You can see my personal portfolio here and my purchase of large tranches of stock in my own company – the rough equivalent of those which speculators have sold. It doesn’t take a genius to see that the market views my potential offer to plough money into your company as foolhardy. They see you, not so much as a lame duck, but more of an endangered species. So, with the drain on cash for the purchase of more shares in Bio-Cure, I am rather restricted in liquidity to even consider your valuation, even if I was foolish enough to accept your threshold. There is something else you may wish to think about. My C.E. is in London at present. He is negotiating contractual supply for our intermediates for next year. Currently you have over seventy percent of these, but your contractual status is up for review in April 2019. I suspect that without this volume the independent valuation you claim to have would shrink somewhat. I have an alternative valuation in mind. The merger proposal was rather irregular in its structure, but there was one key figure which was underlined several times. It conveyed the crucial injection of £65 million cash to relieve the mounting pressure from your bank, concerning cash flow. Mr Enfield has projected from your balance sheet and latest trading statement that your position is worsening. With the much more stringent controls the bank regulators have installed since the Eurozone implosion, you really have nowhere to go. I am offering £58 million for your company and a potential increase in contractual intermediates when you become wholly owned. This is my final position, and as I have other irons in the fire, you have twenty-four hours to decide. I would understand if you don’t need this time to consider the offer and wish to reject it now, in fact that would clear the way for me to progress my other options.” 
The silence perfectly complemented the facial distortion of the recipients. They did not decline immediately and she offered to terminate the video link out of politeness. She was confident she had them over a barrel, and Enfield was quite taken aback at the ruthless streak in this woman, after having worked with her husband for many years.
*
The wife of Andrew Todd asked to see Renton. What he heard was to turn the investigation on its head again.
 “Inspector, I wondered if you can tell me when Andrew’s body will be released. I was so much in shock when I saw him that I forgot there are things we have to do.”
“I understand Mrs Todd, really I do, but there are things we have to do as well. One of the most important is to find the killer, not just for Andrew and your family, but for the other families of those murdered. It’s also crucial for us to try to prevent more innocent people falling victim to the same fate. There are aspects of a murder investigation which can give us information which we piece together to guide us in stopping this maniac. I can’t advise you of a specific time when all of these tests will be completed and there’s also the Coroner’s involvement in the procedures.”
“Yes but it’s only now that I have realised there are things I must do to be sure his body is treated as our faith ordains.”
“Your faith? I’m sorry to ask such a personal question, what faith is that?”
“We’re of Islamic faith. As I say, the grief had overwhelmed me, and in consoling me, one of the clerics from the Mosque reminded me of the obligations. That’s why I am here.” Renton’s mind went into overdrive, but for now he just had to repeat the previous message. She offered an explanation which Renton had not demanded. 
“Andrew worked in Egypt before Bio-Cure, and we met so many lovely people there that we looked into the Islamic way of life. He pledged to our friends that he would convert when we returned to the UK. It didn’t affect me quite as dramatically as it did him, but I saw things which made me comfortable with converting too. Our children are being brought up according to Muslim principles. Andrew was so taken with this change in his life that I would feel I am betraying him, if I didn’t make this request. The cleric also told me it was my duty to ask.”
“I’ll try to find out an approximate date for you, but you must also accept that you’re both British citizens, and therefore subject to British law, just as the families of the other victims have done. The priority given by the law in the investigation of a murder is quite specific. I’ll contact you as soon as the tests are completed.” Renton mused as to what the authors of the C.V. Killings would make of this. He informed Gibson and Stephanie, and the news had precisely the same effect on them.
*
Gradual matching of the delivered mail to the station CCTV footage helped eliminate most of the subjects on the footage, but there were still eight unaccounted for. Changes of address which had not been updated, people having gone on sunshine holidays, and incomplete forms hampered the task of narrowing the field much further at present.
*
Bradstock’s presentation of how he wanted the incident room to operate managed to generate lots of open mouths and wide-eyed astonishment. In his determination to convince the powers that be, that he was on top of the various areas of criticism by the press, he proposed his ‘magic bullet.’ “The first thing I want to get across is that crime never sleeps, and we must respond. I have drafted in support from all parts of Three Rivers for this temporary restructuring. It is founded on this room being manned twenty-four seven. Information gathered must be communicated instantly and case updates treated exactly the same. Having to wait for the normal hierarchy to get out of bed and tackle their in-tray over a relaxing cup of coffee is history. The chain of command to act on the live situation has yet to be detailed, but there must always be someone here who takes that responsibility. It is very simple to grasp – we must run faster so that we are more proactive and do not merely react. I have also decided to introduce another tool in our armoury, but that will occur tomorrow. I have secured the services of a highly reputable profiler, to use all the information available, but from a different perspective. She will report directly to me, but will need absolute support from you. The duty rosters will be made available soon. This is an injection of urgency in which there is no opt out. If you are in this room now, it is for a good reason.” 
Nobody dropped out of their trance quickly enough to ask a question, and Bradstock strode proudly out of the room. The gathering broke into small cliques and the muttering began. Renton was listening rather than talking, when his phone rang. He terminated the call and turned to the fragmented audience, clapping his hands to get attention. 
“They say when you’re waiting for a bus they never seem to arrive and then two appear at once. Well, maybe that’s true right now, we’ve just had the cart carrying the horseshit, and now Ben Adams has just opened his eyes.” 
There was an almighty cheer and both Bradstock and Cousins rushed back into the room. Renton took advantage of the situation and announced to them that he was leaving for the hospital. 
“Adams has recovered consciousness Sir, you must excuse me.” There was genuine relief on the face of Cousins, and Renton acknowledged it with a gentle pat on the back. Bradstock tried to offer an appropriate emotional response to the news but it came across as awkward and somewhat stunted. 
On his way to see Ben Adams he knew he had another item to take care of. When Jane picked up, he gave her the news about Ben’s improvement, and she detected the unsteadiness in his voice. 
“I just wanted to let you know, and also tell you about the new shift system this wanker Bradstock is pushing through. Whatever it turns out to be, it’s not going to change our plans for the cinema. Maybe I couldn’t have said that a few years ago, but this is now, and you have my word.”
“Listen Jack, it sounds important and please don’t get yourself into trouble over a night at the movies. What with the news about Ben, and Daniel being so happy to see you, there’s no need to be so rigid in sticking to one particular arrangement.”
“It’s not just an arrangement to me Jane, it’s a chance at a new relationship with you and Daniel, and there isn’t anything more important on my horizon. I’ll make all the time necessary to see Ben, and if I am on duty on Saturday evening, I’ll swap with someone. One of the few advantages of this crazy idea is that if you’re off, someone else at your level picks up the baton. Have you decided what we are going to see?”
“Well, we had, but in view of what you have just said, I daren’t tell you.”
Chapter 23
Friday November 16th 2018

Hepworth knocked at the door. He had waited until the secretary had gone to copy some documents. Upon entering the office he appeared to be deeply concerned. 
“What is it Julian?” When he had explained the demand of Price, she closed her laptop.
“You can’t be serious.”
“I am afraid so, he is waiting in my office. He came to me about it but I said I couldn’t action such a demand.”
“Do you believe that he talked Alistair into such a crazy idea?”
“Oh yes, that I can confirm. In fact Alistair then became desperate to get his hands on this information. I overheard them talking about it in town one night. I didn’t know anything about the extent of the fee they had agreed, but I thought at the time it was dangerous. When I heard no more about it I assumed it had been shelved.”
“Very well, bring him to me. Wait, just refresh my memory. His company is contracted to us for exactly what?”
“They installed and maintain our security system. Apparently they have done an excellent job.” When Hepworth and Price entered, Vivienne asked the secretary to take an early lunch.
“Mr Price, I’ll dispense with the pleasantries if you don’t mind. If I’m to take your demand seriously you need to show more proof than the corroboration of Julian Hepworth overhearing your conversation in a bar. Who actually delivered this genetic information to my husband?”
“These issues are very sensitive Vivienne, and his position may be vulnerable unless anonymity is maintained.”
“Sorry, I referred to you as Mr Price. Please show me the same respect. Your position as our security provider may also be vulnerable unless we can both be satisfied on how to handle your extra-curricular demand. How would it survive if we can’t establish trust with someone who is employed to protect us from such threats? I won’t discuss this further until I’ve met this individual.” Hepworth had already begun to think that Price’s scam was a mistake. Donald Price was however still extremely confident.
“I don’t think it would be wise to let this affect the security agreement. That’s something which needs to be planned ahead in order to avoid gaps when moving from one supplier to another; it is a complex system which your husband insisted upon. I seem to have offended you by asking for a payment to be honoured. We all took a considerable risk in executing Alistair’s wishes, and that risk is not yet neutralised. I can understand your reluctance to discharge the balance purely on my say so, and I’d suggest your financial director looks for the initial payment of £200,000. It will not of course be listed as a deposit for such an item, but I will be very surprised if he doesn’t know about it or can’t find it. If I was to just forget about it there could be serious consequences, courtesy of the artisan of the information transfer.”
“Very well, but I still want to meet him. You also have to realise Mr Price that as I’m such an inexperienced businesswoman, I don’t see the risks as clearly as a seasoned executive like you. Depending on how one looks at this, the game is not that different to poker. It comes down to one of us calling the other’s bluff. As I can’t visualise you throwing in your hand, I must take the risk to see it. Do I get to meet with this person or not?”
“I’ll make contact now and see how he feels about it. If he refuses, there is nothing more I can do.” When Price got through to Chen, the conversation was brief. The only obstacle was the location, as Chen had to be seen to be working continuously on the restoration of the directory. 
“He asks if you can visit him, as he can’t leave his post at present. He is actually trying to recover the files which he procured for Alistair. This is what I meant by the need for many loopholes to be closed.”
“I think that will be possible, and let’s do it sooner rather than later, it’s Friday, how about tomorrow when most normal people aren’t at work?” Price checked and it was agreed. 
“Now, I’ll leave it to you to reserve the flights Mr Price, as it’s very short notice to use our own aircraft. Let me know the time when you have the reservations. I would not expect you to deduct this from your owed balance, we must treat this as extraordinary expenses and you will be reimbursed, goodbye.”
When they were alone Vivienne turned to Hepworth. “This was a poor performance Julian. I am happy that you informed me of the problem, but unhappy that you had no strategy for dealing with it. You must try to explain why this Directory was valued so highly by my husband.” Hepworth said it was not something which Alistair talked about, for obvious reasons, but gave Vivienne his own spin. 
“When it comes to valuation we must include leverage and not simply the price of classified information. The initiative by the government to invite all hospital admissions to undergo genetic mapping was directly linked to identification of future cost of appropriate treatment. It’s comparable to things such as obesity, smoking related conditions, drug abuse rehab and many others. The health service is already weltering under the cost of treating such conditions, and realised this too late. It’s very worrying to them that people with conditions that are not self-inflicted, such as many forms of cancer, are being deprived of treatment on the basis of cost effectiveness. When the former group can avail of treatment in the form of cash incentives to help themselves, the government are literally shitting themselves that it is the thin end of a very thick wedge. Add to that the civil unrest which is growing over the possible division of the subjects in the directory, into bands of cost effectiveness, which actually translates to a live or die list. Alistair saw this as giving him ethical leverage to press for speeding up of clinical approval. He realised that campaigning openly for such transparency would take decades, even if it could ever be achieved. This information is the absolute blue touch paper to a revolution which is already fermenting.”
“So he wanted it to underpin moving the business to Germany.”
“I’m not quite with you.”
“If he was to use this leverage, he would be restricted by all kinds of charges, including endangering national security. He would need to have residence elsewhere, somewhere from which he was unlikely to be extradited. I think I’m beginning to understand why Alistair had certain plans, which on the surface did not make sense.”
*
Sam Gibson had followed up on Renton’s suggestion that a new pair of eyes might prove fruitful on looking at the timeline of Banks’ death. When he included all of the recent updates there was one burning question which stood out.
Disembark aircraft at Stansted - all five passengers. Banks has briefcase, does Baumann?
Preparation to leave airport. Banks alone meets hired limo driver. Returns without briefcase?
Limo drops all five at bistro and departs. Banks does not have briefcase.
After match, Banks and Baumann declare non-return to others and phone pilot. 
The group splits at approx. 5.30 pm.
Parrish says he arrived at Covent Garden at 6.10 approx, Price and Hepworth head off to?
Jackson – the package collector - inherits Banks’ body at 6.30 pm. Baumann has briefcase?
Banks watch stops at exactly 6.53 pm.
Parrish says he arrived at Stansted at 7.50 pm approx, after Price, but before Hepworth.
Watson’s more accurate time of death is 7.00 pm. approx..
When he showed this to Renton and Stephanie he waited for some reaction. They both had different questions. Renton asked why Gibson had put a question mark after ‘Baumann has briefcase.’ Stephanie was more interested in the obvious discrepancy between Banks being dead at 6.30 pm and the watch stopping at 6.53 pm. Gibson took Stephanie’s query first.
 “The watch could have stopped for many reasons, such as when he was attacked, when he was dragged or dumped in the abandoned hospital, or when Jackson had to stuff him in the car. It’s a conundrum, but not reliable evidence that he was killed at 6.53 pm. Jackson has already told lies on several occasions and his recollection of times was approximate, while under severe pressure to return north. The reason for the question mark against Baumann clutching a briefcase under his arm is interesting to me for two reasons. Jackson’s recollection of this was associated with the fear he claimed Baumann exhibited, and in fact which he felt himself. Secondly, if Baumann didn’t have a briefcase with him on disembarkation at the airport, when and where did he get this one? Was it the one Banks had taken? Had Banks given it to him when they went to their meeting? Did he take it after Banks was killed? Would the thugs Jackson mentioned have allowed him to have possession of it? Had they asked him to open it? Is that what they killed Banks for? Did they kill Banks? We can go on forever, but it would be narrowed down quite a bit if we had an answer to the question I haven’t asked.”
Renton pre-empted him. “Was there more than one briefcase?”
“Precisely! Ben Adams logged information to the effect that Vivienne Banks has one at home, and you Sir, were told by Hepworth that Baumann was often sent as a courier with such a briefcase when Banks had other pressing appointments. We’ve heard that these cases self-destruct if opened without the correct code. This is bugging me because we don’t know if the killer or killers knew this. It’s a tiny detail, but I think it could be worth speaking to Vivienne Banks again, and possibly Mrs Baumann. She would surely know if her husband went to the match trip with his briefcase. We know that the others say he didn’t and they would have ribbed him just as they did Alistair. And I’m afraid that I don’t buy into him taking such luggage for a one day trip to the match, when he patently intended to fly to Germany – the real reason for the highly secure case.”
Renton agreed and took Gibson to visit Vivienne at Bio-Cure. On the way he received a call from Parrish. “Inspector, I’ve made several enquiries about Manor Limousines and it’s a bit of a disappointment. The people I contacted know of the vehicle, and many others which the guy runs with various logos, such as Emir, Presidential, and Concord. They’re all targeted at high earners from all over the world. He changes them regularly as they are these removable decals I mentioned. The drivers are casual labour and change as quickly as the logos. They don’t pursue it too strenuously because they think it’s bankrolled by the Colony. I can try to find out more the next time I have a fare to London, but I’m not sure my colleagues want to talk about it again.”
“Ok, just leave it with me. Thanks for trying anyway.”
Before they arrived Vivienne took a call from Cologne. The C.E. was still hedging and was cut off by her. 
“Have you seen the stock market this morning? My purchase of shares has helped turn Bio-Cure’s price around and I see that yours has begun to slide again. I suppose it may have something to do with my correction of the market’s perception of the rumours of my interest. I told several city analysts that I wasn’t at an advanced stage of discussions with you, and in any case if the interest was maintained it could take months to progress to mutual agreement. They were interested in the difference between my valuation and the independent one which they had from somewhere. I do hope that in correcting their misunderstanding I have not unintentionally started a run on your share price.”
“If we were to accept your offer it would have to be concluded in weeks rather than months. We have had detailed exchanges with your husband and don’t see the point of revisiting all of that. It took a hell of a lot of man-hours to compile and nothing has really changed.”
“In that case you can send me written confirmation of your acceptance of my offer price and I will reciprocate by agreement to a finalisation date. Then we can make a joint statement to the stock exchange.” He agreed. She then asked her finance director to come to the office. She hit Enfield with the bad news first. “I understand you received a request from Alistair to make a payment of £200,000 to someone for something.”
“Er, well it was handed over to Mr Banks as cash and I was asked to make provision for it in a creative way.”
“Please give me chapter and verse on the issue before I leave tonight, and don’t worry, I have another request of you. Speak to Richard Doyle, as I’ve just received confirmation that Bio-Synth has accepted the offer of £58 million. He is known by their legal people. I want you to instruct a more trustworthy legal firm, and then tell Doyle that he didn’t measure up. Make sure we don’t have any unnecessary complications like the merger agreement – keep it straightforward. I will inform Hepworth.” He breathed a sigh of relief and congratulated her. She felt good about firing Doyle.
Chapter 24 

“Come in Inspector. I hope this isn’t about my father again.”
“No it’s about the briefcase.”
“You’ve found it!!”
“No such luck. This is Detective Sergeant Sam Gibson, and he has a question for you.”
She asked them to sit and Gibson said, “Mrs Banks, I understand you weren’t at home when your husband left for London. You also showed D.S. Adams a spare briefcase of the same design when he came to question you.” She nodded on both counts, and he continued.
“Well, we were also told that sometimes Harry Bowman used such a case when Alistair sent him on tasks he could not attend himself. I just wondered whether you knew about this arrangement.”
“Of course I did. When I spoke to Adams I said we had two of them, one being a spare for Alistair. Bowman had his own case.”
“I see. I suppose, as you weren’t here when they left, you wouldn’t know whether Bowman took his case to London too.”
“I can’t know for certain, but I would be prepared to bet that he did.”
“Why is that?”
“Because although I thought Alistair was going to London purely for the football, I had known for some time about the merger plan. We argued about it, and even fought about it. He told me virtually everything he thought I needed to know, but not when he was going to leave the country to finalise it. When he was killed and I found out more facts from the police, such as the intended flight to Cologne, I knew that was why he went. So, it is almost certain that Bowman took his briefcase as well.”
“Why, do you think that was an essential part of the deal?”
“It was merely the way Alistair did things. He told me long before that weekend that he was going to split the information he was taking. I suppose you know from Doyle that he had been threatened by various people who represented different interested parties. Alistair decided that he would carry the merger agreement and bond for the cash injection, and Harry Bowman would take the relevant intellectual property documents. He thought about things like that to the point of obsession. His idea was that if he was stopped by any suspicious person, he could surrender his briefcase, and Bowman could still get to Germany and protect the secret techniques. They were much more valuable to him than the other stuff, the bond and the merger agreement; he said they were only to be signed in Germany. As long as they were not signed they weren’t too much of a risk. Doyle tried to tell me that Alistair may have signed them already, and just to be certain I asked him to get the bank to stop the bond after Alistair died. I thought you must have been told of the Bowman arrangement by Doyle, otherwise I would have told you myself. I could have saved you some time, but you never asked me about Bowman. Now I’m curious, how does this help you?”
“It may explain a discrepancy in some of the testimony we have, and that opens up another line of enquiry. We may want to speak to Bowman’s wife.” 
“Well good luck. I went to see her while I was in Germany a few days ago and she’s understandably scared to death that if she says anything about her husband she is risking her daughter’s life. The man who flew in Bowman’s place threatened her with such repercussions.”
Renton and Gibson looked at each other and decided to call proceedings to a halt. “Thank you for clearing that up for us Mrs Banks. We’ll keep you informed of any new developments.”
“Like hell you will. Just do your job Inspector and we’ll both be happy.” They left, and when they got to the car they shook their heads in disbelief. 
*
Bradstock had believed Baumann had gone to Cologne and had him followed when he came back to Manchester. Renton smiled and glanced at Sam again. 
“It looks like old Nige was led a merry dance. It is odds-on that he was shadowing someone from the Colony.” Gibson agreed but was more interested in re-examining the evidence with the two briefcases in the mix, then try to figure out about how it affected the chances of Baumann being alive. 
“Sir, let’s get back to the office and get started.”
“Sam, haven’t you forgotten about the Fuhrer’s introduction of the new profiler? You were invited too. He’ll be terribly disappointed if you prefer to indulge in evidence rather than his Ouija board lady.”
“Arse! You know I’m just getting my teeth into this case. Will you cover for me and say I have a bad infection?”
“Nope. I want to be in on what your little grey cells come up with.” 
Bradstock strutted into the gathering ahead of Eva Roberts and a surprise guest, D.C.I. Forster made up the triumvirate. 
“Please listen up. I would like to introduce Professor Roberts.” Renton’s heart sank and he fixed his eyes on Forster. He was at least glad that his stare was met with a display of facial expression of intense frustration. 
“She is quite reticent to talk of her glowing success in assisting the police in many countries, most recently in Holland. Her work is centred on serial killers and she has written several papers on that subject. Now although we cannot yet be certain that we are dealing with serial murders here, we can’t rule it out. To that end I asked D.C.I. Forster to bring Professor Roberts up to date with the London killings last night. He will remain here until she feels she has all of the information she needs. We must also be alert for more incidents, and I want her to avail of absolutely anything which may spark her interest in the existing cases or future ones. One last thing on this, I do feel that there has been too much leaning toward the Banks murder here in the northeast, compared to the other victims. I can see that it is a high profile situation, but unless Professor Roberts can definitely link it to the others, we have to be more objective in the investigation. Do not take this as a critical comment, because I am getting the same kind of pressure about my own attitude to finding the man who gunned down two of our officers. I don’t like it but I have to accept that we must be even-handed. Professor Roberts will begin with Forster and Renton. Finally, the shift system for this incident room has been drafted by C.C. Cousins with my input. It is not carved in stone. It will begin in earnest on Monday, so if you have any queries direct them through normal command to C.C. Cousins.”
*
The Enigma parade had gone surprisingly peacefully until the diversion, which had been insisted upon by the police. They had not wanted the march to pass through a narrow alley between two shopping areas as it was a long stretch and effectively precluded mounted units. The alternative was a detour through a park. Circling around the small lake concentrated the marchers into an arc which provided an easy target and outward escape route for the antagonists. The Molotov cocktails rained down on the lake periphery with uncanny accuracy. The flames, smoke and screams garnered the attention of the police, but as the projectiles were time-coordinated the officers were attracted toward the victims rather than the assailants. The use of mobiles for this was quite clever, as almost all of the marchers were using theirs to keep friends updated on how it had gone up until then, many by text and others with their phone cameras. This allowed Graham’s contracted Muslims to initially blend in as moderates, and when fleeing, reveal the insignia of the Muslim Shield. Once again there were fatalities and the police were in the crosshairs of the media. In this modern era, it was not only wars which were fought on TV, but riots and vicarious murders. This afternoon’s carnage was nothing compared to what it fuelled that evening throughout urban Britain. The deaths ran into hundreds and were distributed fairly evenly between Enigma, the Muslim Shield and the police. The P.M. did not want to declare a state of emergency but had to deliver a quick and effective alternative. He rang Simon Halliwell-Jones.
 “I know I said I would call you in a couple of weeks, but as you can see things have got ugly. The cabinet has had an emergency meeting and we are pretty certain that just like the riots of previous years, there are various elements to consider. There are the genuine, if misguided partisans, ‘career hooligans’ looking for trouble anywhere they can find it, and organised violence. The latter has a different pattern with these demonstrations, as there is good evidence from the police that it is being sponsored by the same people for both sides of the divide. I know your activities reach into such subversion and I would like to meet urgently to compare perspective. Can we do this tonight?”
“If you insist, but the timing is rather unfortunate. We are on the verge of a breakthrough. However I do accept that your predicament over these outbreaks is just as worrying in terms of national security. I am relieved that you have not capitulated to those who advocate a state of emergency, as that would not only be bad for the government, but prejudicial to our cause by pushing key figures under the radar. When do you want to meet? Please consider a different venue to Downing Street; this needs no more fanning of the firestorm by the merchants of doom.”
“Very well, I believe you have a helicopter and pilot you trust. I will announce to the media that I am going to tour the black spots of unrest by air, and we can talk in the chopper. It will help people understand we are taking this extremely seriously but still short of a state of emergency. It will buy us a couple of hours in the air. I get into the helicopter and you are suitably disguised as a co-pilot, and fly off into the sunset after dropping me back at base.”
“That sounds like a plan. I will make the transport ready and call you back.”
*
Eva Roberts’ first pronouncement was not earth-shattering but nonetheless interesting. 
“I will take my time in poring through the data you have provided, however, one thing stands out already. As I’m primarily looking for reasons to suggest or refute the involvement of a serial killer, I won’t be concentrating much effort on Purdil Pitafi. He may well be connected to the Banks investigation in several ways, but a serial killer who sent this note would not be involved in a murder which they knew would be captured on CCTV. Furthermore, the method of ending his life conveys no obscure message. The author of the note wants challenge and not simple carnage, and at the same time to be apprehended. I will therefore leave Pitafi entirely to you.” Renton and Forster glanced at each other once more and seemed to telepathically nod in acknowledgement of great wisdom.
*
Once airborne, Halliwell-Jones discarded his cap and dark lenses. Patrick Carlyle got straight down to business. 
“There are certain understandings which we try not to refer to, and yet sometimes it cannot be avoided. The organised nature of the sparks which have ignited violence in both the Newcastle protest and that of today have similar fingerprints, according to the police. This belief admittedly comes from a small number of arrests of individuals in the thick of the action, and their subsequent match with their ‘red star’ history on the database. Porting such information around the regional forces has enabled the police to recognise some as known minions of the Colony. You perhaps have a different approach to monitoring potential links to organised groups, but what could be common to both of our methods of intelligence, is indeed national security. If the scenes of today are accelerated due to such manipulation, it is potentially more dangerous than either external or internal terrorism. I would like to hear if you have intelligence which intersects with mine.”
“Not directly in terms of the lower echelons of the Colony, but possibly with respect to agenda. It is perhaps better that I enlarge upon the brief chat we had a few days ago. The credible evidence we have is through an individual who we ‘turned.’ He was a disillusioned extremist who confided in one of our undercover units already within the organisation we were monitoring. Unlike our man he was in a significant position in the hierarchy. This gave us an opportunity to test his veracity. Suffice it to say he passed, otherwise I would not be telling you this. After we were sure of him, we set him a level 3 test and he came through. The test involved a programme in which we suspected the Muslim Shield had received sponsorship. In fact the original information which opened the gate to the technology came from the Shield. It concerns the company run by this chap Banks who was murdered recently.
“After several government administrations had ploughed funding and research grants into this cutting edge technology, he became frustrated that the assistance did not extend to fast track approval by clinical authorities. His reaction, as you know was to move the entire knowhow abroad. At this time we discovered, from our ‘turned extremist’ that the Muslim Shield had managed to extract some of the highly-prized technology, through an internal conduit. I cannot quote you the verbatim detail of the mechanism but it is very worrying. One of the cures which Banks’ company had great hopes for, but not submitted for clinical approval, had other potential uses. His decision not to submit is understood to be because he normally waits years during which some of his competitors somehow manage to acquire access to the techniques. The Muslim Shield passed this to their source in Iran and this resulted in a frightening possibility. Please forgive me if I don’t get this scientifically correct, but Banks’ product apparently interferes with genetic structure by a process known in his company as ‘hinge-ing.’ It involves the way in which adjacent units in the double helix relate to one another. The communication and passage of information within the structure can be altered to mimic correction of a defect which would, if left untreated, lead to a terminal condition. 
“While playing around with this the Iranian scientist discovered something else. Certain conditions depend on the body’s production of enzymes. Some are necessary, excess of others is bad. This Iranian found that Banks’ product could be altered in its properties, so that under different conditions which may be encountered in various individuals it would behave in a totally different way. One of these conditions was in the presence of fluoridated water. His experiments with this new derivative showed that it was not acting in the predicted manner anymore, or indeed having a temporary effect, like taking a painkiller, it was progressive. In a nutshell, adding the product to fluoridated water before it was consumed allows an alteration which throws the balance of the ‘produced enzyme’ into a fog, and instead of pursuing the intended purpose, it creates amnesia. The sinister part is the progressive element. By continually ingesting the mutated product via drinking water, the patient will progress rapidly towards Dementia. This is bad enough for a single patient, but the entire population would become vulnerable, albeit at different rates, as there is a scale of reaction. However, it is estimated that ultimately the only ones safe from inheriting the condition would be those drinking imported, fluoride-free water. Our man has confirmed that his Mosque is aware of active Iranian plans in preparing for manufacture, exportation and dispensing of the product into reservoirs and other water supplies. He also states that bottled water is being stockpiled in old warehouses and underground abandoned mines. The Mosque is in Birmingham. We are awaiting an opportunity to get all of those involved in the programme in one shot, otherwise we risk earlier implementation. Our man has to give the signal. 
“Now, your suspicions about the Colony seem accurate. Another arm of our intelligence is tracking this because there is some evidence that the Colony feels that one long push will get extremists to leave the country. We do not want to interfere at this level because it may prematurely abort the threat and scupper our years of preparation to amputate their entire apparatus in the UK, which we don’t want the Colony or anyone else to know about. As long as this is a ‘racist’ conflict it keeps the lid on the real threat. Also, the work of Pitafi in the north has ensured his martyrdom and worries the Muslim Shield. We would advise no action to be taken against the Colony at present. It is a ball-breaker Mr Carlyle – we need time – you don’t have much. It is a question of which is the greater threat? I am afraid your political leaning loses out to allowing the entire nation succumbing to the Genetic horse of Banks.”
“So you are sure that the Colony does not know of this Iranian plot?”
“One can never be absolutely certain of such things, but I am very confident that the orchestration you refer to with respect to the civil unrest is related to this Genetic Profile Directory. The Colony appears to be using this fear to incite mass demand for extradition of extremists. Although my organisation could never have direct dialogue with the Colony, we do understand that the police have their ways of ‘monitoring’ their activity. I am led to believe that Chief of Police Bradstock has his finger on the pulse. One such example of this is his efforts to avoid this Banks murder straying on to our chessboard with Iran. He has so far managed to contain the investigation to where it should be – Britain. What cannot be ruled out is the personal relationship of Banks and Beresford. Although the government is annoyed at Banks’ intent to allow the fruits of joint investment to ripen in Germany, it is known that Beresford was prepared to take direct action to stop him. In fact his people planned to intercept Banks before he and one of his technical people departed for Cologne, only to find he had already been terminated. We have sketchy information that the technical man is still ‘in the care’ of the Colony, which is undesirable. Bradstock is very keen to get him back, and has moved the entire C.V. Killing investigation to Durham, to minimise the chance of enquiries straying on to the aforementioned chessboard.”
“And you don’t know who actually killed Banks?”
“No, and that is difficult to fathom because there was only a brief window of time between him separating from his friends after the football match and when he was to be confronted by the Colony. During this time he seems to have split from the technical man who was to accompany him to Cologne. I have to admit we lost him at that time. Maybe he knew he was being tracked. Word has it that the Colony knew of his intent to meet with someone at a particular place, but when they arrived he was already dead. You can see how important this technical chap is. Bradstock is still hopeful he can trace him and extract him alive.”
“Thanks for that Simon. It is extremely unhelpful, and I am so pleased we had this chat. We are both unhappy that I now know.”
Chapter 25
Saturday November 17th 2018

Donald Price tried to make pleasant conversation with Vivienne on the flight.
 “Mr Price, let us not pretend to be friends. You were friends with my husband. Your company is a supplier to mine, nothing more – there’s no special relationship. Apart from this grubby exercise we are on today we have nothing in common as individuals. I suggest you make good use of the short flight in the same way I am trying to do. I’d be grateful if you would not keep interrupting my train of thought.”
 When they disembarked and made their way to a taxi stand, something caught Price’s attention. A TV monitor showed a picture of the Prime Minister and the breaking news strap at the bottom of the set indicated that it was about plans to tackle the social unrest. The moving strap had a reference to the Genetic Profile Directory. Price asked the attendant of the coffee bar to turn up the volume.
Patrick Carlyle had not slept following his whistle-stop chopper visits to see the residue of the urban carnage, and the revelations of Halliwell-Jones. He had freshened up, got his aide to request TV time for an emergency announcement and awoken Lawrence Morton. The appearance of the Home Secretary alongside him was not requested, it was demanded. Carlyle had decided to buy time. His speech had not been rehearsed and Morton was, like the TV audience, hearing it for the first time. In essence, the P.M. claimed that the glitch in the Genetic Profile Directory had been identified and recovery of the data was imminent.
“Furthermore, we have reviewed the situation in anticipation of restored access and concluded that the valuable data should reside in the custody of those who can benefit most from its existence. To that purpose it will be transferred back to the National Health Service. It will be set up so that it is only accessible by specific Consultants within the service. Those who can demonstrate direct patient benefit from such data will be registered users. In order to achieve this, future confidentiality is paramount and patient approval will be sought on a case by case basis. We have taken the decision to move this information from a political sanctuary to one of doctor-patient confidentiality where it should be. The date of the transfer will be announced as soon as the N.H.S. can decide on the access levels, as we do not want the government to participate in the exercise. The Home Secretary will relinquish custody on receipt of the N.H.S. readiness to accept such an undertaking. The Health Secretary will coordinate the handover.” 
Carlyle had gambled on this effectively removing the oxygen which was sustaining the flames of civil unrest. He also recognised that the fire would have to burn itself out, and Halliwell-Jones’ disclosure about the Colony’s orchestration had to be tackled or even chanelled to the safe margins of condemning extremism. His apparent U-turn as leader of the government was simply rationalised as the acceptable price of democracy.
As they stood and watched this in the airport, both Price and Vivienne Banks contemplated how this was going to affect the content of their meeting with Chen. They had the time in the taxi to adjust their respective agendas. They met Chen during his self-regulated lunch break. Vivienne insisted that they hired a hotel room and used room service. Chen knew of a small hotel nearby which he had used before renting his existing property. Vivienne listened intently to ensure there was no discrepancy between what Price had said and what she was hearing now. She was quite impressed with his ability to précis without leaving out salient detail. Then she asked her first question. 
“Why did you want to leave Gladstone-Klein?”
He did not evade the question to avoid Price’s embarrassment. “I felt underused and undervalued.”
She turned to Price. “You didn’t try to keep him?”
“Of course, but I eventually saw that he needed a bigger challenge.”
“And there was not such a challenge you could offer?”
Price was anxious to guillotine this subject, but Vivienne had already noted the cynical expression on Chen’s face. 
“Very well, we should move on to the joint demand you have made. Mr Price, I concede that what you have said ties up with what my finance director has admitted with respect to the initial down payment. It’s therefore a matter of finding a way to lose the balance in my operating statement. If you would be so kind as to leave me to explore this with Mr Chen for his part, I will discuss your situation on the return flight. I’d prefer it if the two of you were remunerated in different ways and did not know of the mechanism employed for the other person. I will make my own way back to the airport. Goodbye.” Price rankled at being treated like this in front of Chen and scowled as he departed. The next question was unexpected.
“Are you still undervalued Mr Chen?”
“In some ways I guess, but it’s much better than being under Price’s thumb.”
“I mean are you undervalued when the current project is finalised?”
“Right, I see what you’re getting at. I’m a senior analyst and earning good money, but I’m still not stretched in intellectual terms. I’ll be speaking to my boss when we’ve finished the restoration task.”
“I have a proposal which may or may not interest you. If you would consider working for me, then we would have an interesting starting point.”
“Working for you, in what capacity?”
“I want Gladstone-Klein out. I’d like you to replace their system with one which only you and I know how to access. The vast majority of my company’s value is in unrealised intellectual property. I don’t want Price anywhere near that again. You would have sole responsibility and I’m sure we can agree a suitable financial reward, beginning with cutting Price out of the payment of the balance.”
“I didn’t see that one coming. How do you propose to do that?”
“Well, if we can divide both your own and his balance over an agreed period it simply goes down as salary. I don’t have to justify a one-off payment, and you don’t have to explain a huge cash injection into your bank account. Initially you can be a consultant and when you’re ready we employ you full time, so that the implementation of your system and Price being relieved of the contract is seamless. It could fit with your task here because I understand you can’t just fix the problem overnight without raising suspicion. You could keep me in touch with your progress and be doing the initial consulting in tandem. Is that the kind of challenge you were looking for?”
“It certainly is, how do you explain to Price that he is not going to be paid?”
“I don’t, as far as he is concerned I will have convinced you that I am going to honour the debt, but in order to avoid Inland Revenue snooping, it has to be paid in small amounts. Also, it can’t begin until you have restored the Directory to the satisfaction of the Home Office and are free of suspicion. By the time this occurs we just give Price the bad news.”
“Sure, but he will then renew his demand.”
“Of course, but I thought that you knew the Gladstone-Klein system as well as the one here at the Home Office. You know ours and how to lock Price out of it. Part of your challenge will be to threaten Price with infiltration and planting of evidence which would compromise his position with his employer and even result in his arrest. So, you tell me.”
“You really have been thinking about this. What you suggest is perfectly feasible, and also offers me the chance to put the smug bastard in his place. How do you suggest we put this offer into a legally enforceable contract?”
“I’ll have my solicitor draft something on Monday and get it to you as soon as possible. Your consultancy fees and salary will cover the £800,000. Read the small print to make sure you’re happy with the safeguards for Bio-Cure which I’ll have to include. Then we can sign the legal contract. There’s one other essential requirement from my side. We will need another copy of the recovered Directory when you have it. You may not know that the original you supplied is still in my husband’s briefcase, wherever it is. If his killers open it the self-destruct feature will erase it. And if the killers don’t open it because they believe it was only important to prevent it from being used, I will need to be able to surrender a copy to the Home Office as a gesture to convince them that Bio-Cure is being run in a different way. Although they don’t know of Alistair’s copy yet, we can’t rule out a scornful Donald Price tipping them off when he knows he’s been stung by us.”
When she met Price on the plane he was curious, and she convinced him that she had placated Chen, with the assurance that the balance would be paid in full once he had finished his restoration programme. 
“I’m afraid the same situation applies to you. I want to be absolutely certain that there is no fallout from the Home Office, before I complicate matters by having to explain giving away half a million pounds to one of their employees and another half a million to his former employer. This is non-negotiable, so if you can’t wait I’ll take my chances with pleading innocence and call your bluff, with the attendant counter-promise that you will lose your contract with Bio-Cure and your American bosses will be told exactly why.”
*
Eva Roberts did not treat Saturdays any differently to any other day. She had drawn another conclusion and wanted to share it with Renton and Forster. As Bradstock’s shift system did not begin until Monday they wearily agreed to indulge her. 
“There was no new body discovered yesterday, one week after the one dangling in the Thames. Either we just didn’t find it yet or there is a change in pattern. In my experience, serial killers who communicate with the police are driven by quite specific motives. The note may be the signal of change insofar as the baseline has been established, and the latest victim, Andrew Todd, is part of the altered pattern. He was linked, but different. He worked for Banks, so he is linked to the very first murder. He was a Muslim, and therefore linked to all of those who followed Banks, except he was a convert, and Banks himself was a non-believer. He was also the first victim we were told about by a note, and was almost unrecognisable compared to his living form. If we have a single killer, and I’m not yet fully convinced that we have, then we can expect another note sometime soon. I’ve been trying to overlay the various aspects of the victims in a similar way to that which Stephanie did, and I don’t yet see a clear motive. The macro locations of Newcastle and London don’t tell me much other than Newcastle is the place of Banks’ origin and London is where he probably died. The vocations of the victims are confusing, being technicians, including a doctor, and water authority employees. The Muslim faith is the strongest common factor and it will be interesting to see if that continues. The specific location of the bodies does match up with their employment and I’m sure this is important, but we don’t yet have the link with those specific jobs. Now, what does all of this mean? I’m not easily convinced to set up a profile on insufficient evidence, but I am close to being convinced that these were far from randomly selected victims. At the very least, they were chosen to fit the pattern, which we only partially understand. There are many ways of finding people these days who fit into your chosen grid search – the internet being a prime example. It may be that not knowing the victim personally isn’t a disqualifier, or even part of the design. I’ll be reporting this to Bradstock, but I wanted to tell you first that I don’t agree with his statement that too much time has been concentrated on the case of Alistair Banks. I agree with your allocation of resource Inspector Renton, because I am certain that Banks is the key to all of this, with the proviso that we are indeed dealing with a single killer. He’s not going to like me saying this, so I’d like your input.”
They looked at each other and gestured to one another to go first. Renton conceded. “Can I start by saying something you must have heard many times before?”
“Is it that you don’t have much faith in anything but hard evidence?”
“Yes, that’s my trade, from apprentice to experienced officer. Anyway, that’s not all I was going to say. My position is that I want this killer or killers to be caught – period. I don’t have to be a forensics graduate to appreciate how some seemingly spurious finding becomes crucial. I don’t have to be a convert to your psychological approach to attach importance to what you say. If it makes sense to me then I am with you, if not you either have to explain it better or find more reasons to convince me. It’s not that different from what you have just said yourself – ‘with the proviso that we are dealing with a single killer.’ I find your analysis of the evidence refreshing and helpful, and I didn’t think I’d be saying that today.” Forster simply echoed this sentiment. She then said something which she was at pains to point out was not in contradiction to what had gone before. 
“We have missed something which would either solidify or rule out a serial killer. The old adage of opportunity comes to mind, and I would like to go through the entire forensic evidence from all of the victims with both of you. Will you arrange this with Clive Donoghue and the London forensic presence for Monday?”
Renton nodded reservedly. “Bradstock wants new initiatives, whatever that means. I doubt he will be happy for a trawl of existing stuff, he wants new evidence to magically appear.”
“If you’re with me on this, I’ll handle Bradstock.” This elicited a wry smile from both Renton and Forster.
Chapter 26

Graham and Finley were pleased with the outcome in the Capital and the consequent contagion around the country. In moving the crosshairs to the Midwest they had a very specific target. In their convoluted view of even-handedness they wanted to take out someone who was the antithesis to Purdil Pitafi. It was also likely to cause much bigger ripples in terms of national significance. Abu Mensah just happened to be the fountainhead of Muslim Shield activities in Birmingham. His day job was as senior cleric in a particular Mosque. The methodology which they favoured was one of ruthless simplicity. The kidnap of the child of an extremist would start the ball rolling, and then the bargaining would begin. A little girl’s life saved in exchange for two other lives was considered to be the cleanest option. The girl would go free once the extremist father met in the Mosque office with Abu Mensah, to plead for the ransom for the kidnappers. All he had to do, when it was agreed, was to make the call, and his wife would confirm that their daughter was alive and well. The suicide of the father for such a noble cause would be embraced, and Mensah would also become a martyr. If the kidnappers did not hear the explosion from their nearby vantage point then both his wife and daughter would perish. They expected collateral damage from the blast, but even if there wasn’t, the rage would be focussed on Enigma. They were not yet at the detailed planning stage, and Halliwell-Jones knew nothing of the threat.
*
On calling at the hospital Renton was confronted with really good news. Ben Adams had recovered speech function. It was very deliberate and obviously difficult for him, but he was able to tell the doctors that he had no feeling in his left arm. Both legs and his right arm were fine. Renton’s instinct was to embrace his friend, but knew that was silly.
 “It’s so good to have you back Ben. I can’t tell you what a relief it is. Anyway, I’m more interested to hear your voice than my own. How do you feel in general?”
“I – I don’t know.” There was a considerable pause. “I can’t ss-see you very clearly. It feels like, like a film over my eyes, you know. I don’t know. I don’t know. I can’t remember much.”
“Ben I don’t want to talk about what happened that night.”
“No, no I mean I can’t remember much at all.” Renton’s upbeat feeling began to recede. They chatted for a while until the doctor advised that Adams should rest. Renton complied and when outside the room asked if he had suffered permanent damage to his brain, particularly his memory. The doctor consoled him by saying there was no discernable long term damage to worry about, but that recovery was expected to be slow. 
“What about his left arm?”
“That is puzzling us at present. He claims to have no feeling and in fact does not seem to be able to move his fingers except in reflex response to external stimuli. We are going to do more tests concurrent with gentle physiotherapy. It’s not unknown for the brain to temporarily ‘forget’ how to communicate localised instruction, and that can take time for re-education therapy to work. We’re pretty confident that we’ll get him back to normal.” Renton left to get changed and find out what movie he had let himself in for.
*
Bradstock was now totally preoccupied with Baumann, not least of all because if his briefcase rather than that of Banks, contained the intellectual property, as Vivienne had told the police, the shit would not just hit the fan, it would probably short circuit it. He would have liked to believe that it was in Banks’ as yet unopened case. His concerns were manifold. The major worry was over any prejudice to Halliwell-Jones’ covert operation of the Mosque. He had not been given detail of the elaborate plot, merely the need to preserve the status quo until the big swoop was required. He assumed it was purely an extradition issue. He had accepted this as assisting the greater good, and its requirement to avoid anything, including the Banks case to spill over into the delicately balanced arena of the Mosque. He also accepted that Intelligence could not be seen to communicate with the Colony. He had the apparatus of non-police informants and go-betweens who were tolerated by both sides, and they were allowed to pass back and forward through the membrane dividing the police from the Colony. It was an unwritten rule that such activity was kept at a low frequency. This was an occasion which justified getting out the Semaphores. He made a delicately worded request for information about the Colony man apprehended after returning from Cologne to Manchester. It was a stone cast into the pond, connected but not overly specific. He would have to be patient.
*
Uniform had been working hard on the CCTV footage and had narrowed it a little further. They had five subjects who could not be accounted for. They believed they would make no further progress until those on holiday in the sun had returned and contacted them. It was frustrating to them, but more so to C.I.D. This would be exacerbated if a second note arrived, unless the same person delivered it.
*
Following the Prime Minister’s assurance on TV that the Directory would be recovered soon, Lawrence Morton had envisaged nothing but his resignation. When Chen informed him of a breakthrough he flushed with cautious relief. He was insistent that Chen demonstrate this to him immediately and came to the office. It didn’t matter that he still did not really comprehend what he was hearing - it just sounded and looked like good news.
 “You see Sir that these seven fragments have been recovered and begun searching for partners. Two have already succeeded and we may now see a real acceleration of the process. It has actually reached a stage where my visual evaluation and search criteria alterations will become redundant. As the hits increase, so will the orientation of the search and I expect a message pretty soon which tells me I can leave the programme to finish the job. I can’t tell you that it will be complete in the next few days, but I can tell you it will not be more than a couple of weeks.” 
The image of a great burden having been shed was quite graphic and Morton was tempted to tell the P.M. as soon as possible. His thinking was that if Carlyle was ready to ask for his resignation, the process would become a one way street. Despite this risk he decided to wait until Monday. He could check on Chen’s progress, and break the news with unhurried confidence, denoting that he always knew he could deliver.
*
Jack Renton had made a solemn promise to Jane and Daniel and he was not going to break it, but this was a stiff test of his resolve. Having showered, and dressed in smart casual attire, he put out the lights and set the alarm. Approaching his car, the security light was activated and he noticed a white paper stuck under the passenger side wiper. A cold shiver went through him as he turned it over. It was addressed to him and the first thing which came into his mind was ‘another note.’ He opened the car and retrieved a plastic bag from the glove compartment. His thoughts raced in all directions. He phoned Eva Roberts. 
“Where are you?”
“I’m still looking through statements at your office, why?”
“Ok, I’ll explain when I get there. It’ll only take fifteen minutes.”
When he arrived he explained what had happened. 
“I have something really important to do in the next few hours. I haven’t opened it yet, and if this is another note, I’d rather not know what is in there right now unless I have to. I thought it might be the right thing to do to let you see it first and interpret the content before I start running off at the mouth or worse. I think Forster should know what you think at the same time. Can you take a look, and let me know if it’s something I can’t leave for three hours? And even if that is the case but you change your mind you can always call me.”
She thought about the irregularity of this request. Renton was obviously itching to know what was in there, but trusted her judgement and accepted the possible consequences if it was wrong.
 “It must be extremely important for you to ask me this, and I must be a fool for agreeing to do it.” She opened it and read it slowly. He watched her face agonisingly. She looked up, and he only really heard the first few words. 
“It is very important.” She scanned it again. “But there is quite a bit for me to decipher, maybe it will take a couple of hours.” He thanked her at least four times as he backed out of the office.
Eva Roberts wanted to make a copy before getting the note to forensics, so she took a photo with her phone and transferred it to her laptop. It read: 
‘You must be concerned. Increased manpower from all over the region, well that is good to hear. There is no need to panic; there is a different plan now. All of the poor people who have suffered so far have only really been guilty of apathy. Their punishment is not for what they did, but what they did not do. For what they were and not who they were. Enough is enough; we must now punish those for what they have done. It is unfortunately the way the world operates. Innocent people have to die before there is something done to right the wrongs of human failings. Unless it is worthy of headline news it gets buried in the morass of meaningless celebrity culture. Monday will have such a distraction. Sentinel.’ 
She made notes for when Renton returned. They were not in any particular order of importance.
1. Renton is considered to be one of the good guys.
2. There is regret or even a bond with those killed so far?
3. There is a complex agenda involved.
4. Attention is not sought for the killer, but for an issue of some kind.
5. Monday will bring another victim. The clue is deliberately obscure to avoid intervention.
6. The note had a very different and more personal delivery method.
 She was not sure how to view this, but it did mean that Renton was being stalked, at least for some of the time. She informed Forster and told him that Renton was coming in again to discuss the content now that she had analysed it. Eva Roberts did not disclose the fact that Renton had not seen the content yet, so she asked Forster to come in a little later than Renton had planned, if he wanted to come in at all. She had sketched in some of the detail for him and he said he would try to call by. He asked if Bradstock had been informed yet. She said that he had not, and that it would be better if they could agree any proposed action to be taken rather than let either Bradstock or Cousins go off half-cocked. He was, like Renton, becoming more comfortable with this profiler – an unusual experience.
She then returned to who had already been murdered, namely Alistair Banks. The timeline of his death still had many unanswered questions. The time interval, during which he met the unknown person, and the arrival of Vic Jackson to make the rearranged collection, was crucial. She felt that it might be worth having Hepworth, Price, and Parrish in again in an attempt to narrow it further. Also any additional recollections of the driver who transported them to the bistro would be valuable, especially if he took even temporary charge of Banks’ briefcase. It could easily have waited until Monday if the note had not arrived. She decided to ask Renton and Forster if they might be persuaded to give up an hour on their family Sunday. She also found Jackson’s testimony intriguing, especially his fear of being released, after he put Grimes in the frame by disclosing his order to deliver Banks’ corpse to Newcastle. This had only been his stance once he was charged with Banks’ murder himself. She wondered as to why he perceived a difference between being sentenced to life imprisonment, for one particular murder compared to another. She would speak with him again, as he was still incarcerated pending the final forensics results. 
The few minutes Renton had to read the note before Forster’s arrival, and then Eva Roberts’ jottings made him curious about her assertion that the killer was seeking to draw attention to a cause, rather than to produce a focus on his or her own persona.
 “Do you think this issue is still related to Banks?”
“It could be, because of the declaration that the existing victims were all guilty of apathy. I must admit that I’m not sure about this, and there is emphasis on some issue involved which suggests a highly complex motivation. We must proceed quickly but carefully.”
When Forster had read both the note and comments he disagreed that the killer thought Renton was considered as some kind of kindred pillar of virtue.
 “I would have thought that Jack is merely seen as a facilitating character in the sordid little game.” Eva did not challenge this head-on, preferring to adjust her comment to him being perceived as a referee. They agreed to differ, but this did not affect the willingness of all three of them to meet again in the morning.
Chapter 27
Sunday November 18th 2018

Renton was feeling good despite the inane comedy movie that he and Jane had endured. They didn’t actually understand why Daniel had frequently been gripped in bouts of convulsive laughter. He put it down to growing old. All three of them were back to normal over breakfast, and Renton was quite looking forward to meeting Eva Roberts and Forster.
*
It was Renton who contacted Banks’ former friends. Hepworth was cooperative without being enthusiastic. Parrish said he would be there after dropping his girlfriend at the Metro Centre shopping mall. Price was by far the most reluctant. “Mr Price, we only want to account for Banks’ movements more accurately after he left the three of you. The others have agreed, but I know it’s a Sunday, so how about tomorrow?”
Price seemed to hesitate and asked Renton to confirm that he wanted to interview them together. When the answer was in the affirmative he finally agreed to come in.
While they were waiting for the trio to arrive, they were surprised to see Clive Donoghue’s car drive into the car park. Renton opened the window and asked him to call into his office, as he had a request from Eva Roberts for him to consider.
 “This is getting to be a habit for all of us Clive, what brings you in on a beautiful Sunday morning?”
“I had a restless night and I don’t want another one tonight. I took some files home on Friday as usual, as I never get time to read them at work, with everything else that is going on. Anyway, yesterday I picked up a sheaf of papers which surprised me a little, as my assistant had not marked them as urgent or anything. It turned out to be separate sheets, one for each victim we have. On reading them in order, I noted that every single one except the last, Andrew Todd, had the same black and grey fibres on their clothing as the ones which we found on Banks.”
Eva Roberts declared that this was the kind of information she had hoped to find by trawling through every piece of evidence all over again. 
“Once you have a link like this, you often see others which eluded you first time around. I therefore reinforce my request to go through Mr Donoghue’s catalogue of results as a team. There’s added significance for me because I now have no reservations in stating my opinion that we have a serial killer.”
Renton and Forster agreed and felt that this would endorse Bradstock’s insistence to operate a shift system. It was one which was commonly referred to as a ‘continental’ derivation. It relied upon having four separate shift teams. The officers involved were still coming to terms with the pattern, which was a cycle of 12 hour shifts whereby each team had alternating time on and off work, alternating day and night shifts, and in a given month they would all have 50% of the time off and only one night shift weekend. It all sounded feasible on paper, but both Forster and Renton failed to see what the night shifts would do other than update evidence boards and when peak activity arose in the daytime they would be short of personnel. Added to this, was the absence of either forensics or medical staff at night, and the consequent fragmented communication they would have with the officers running the case. Eva Roberts agreed but said the system would self-destruct fairly quickly if there was significant breakthrough which needed servicing in a ‘blitzkrieg’ manner.
 “I have lots of experience of how this doesn’t work. If you recall, I worked in Holland. It will be more efficient to allow Bradstock to conclude for himself that this is wrong - because we currently have manpower from all Three Rivers areas. Let’s not concede that too quickly.” It made a kind of convoluted sense.
*
Bradstock was himself anxiously waiting for some response to his opening Semaphore gambit. He had decided on a generalised approach, and the first attempt had not yet borne fruit. The second ‘wireless transmission’ had enquired about a missing briefcase, and concern that it could fall into the wrong hands. He phrased it in such a way that he was looking for help. He mentioned that it was protected by a lockout mechanism and opening it should not be attempted. He knew how it could be achieved. The pressure for an early result was mounting because of the complexity of the Halliwell-Jones’ operation hanging over him. That in its own right required enormous resource and a total lack of other distractions. Nigel Bradstock felt his hour of judgement was near. The frustration of ‘fishing for contact’ was riddled with potential snags. Getting someone to sniff the bait was important, but getting the wrong person to bite was usually counter-productive. It was an abstract vigil.
*
The gathering in the interview room did not include Eva Roberts, as she preferred to observe and route her questions through Renton’s earpiece.
 “Ok fellas, thanks for taking time out to help us. We have a time chart here for you to look at as a starting point. If there’s anything which is not correct, please tell us. If there’s something which has occurred to you since we last spoke, shout up.” He handed each of them a copy of the current timeline:
‘The party of five disembarks from the aircraft together and enters the concourse.
Only Banks has a briefcase, the others have disposable bags.
While each of you are texting, browsing newspapers, buying lozenges, Banks exits.
He says it was to find the driver to take you to the bistro.
He does not have the briefcase when he returns.
The driver drops you at the bistro but does not hand Banks his briefcase.
After your lunch, the driver returns to take you to the stadium.
Banks does not retrieve his briefcase.
On leaving the stadium he informs you of a change of plan.
He phones the pilot to confirm this, and he disappears with Bowman at 5.30.
He says they have a meeting, and has to retrieve his briefcase.
The three of you go off to find presents for your respective ladies.
You each go to different locations. Martin goes to Covent Garden and arrives 6.10.
Jackson arrives to collect the package at 6.30.
Banks watch stops at 6.53.
Donald is already at the airport when Martin arrives at 7.50.
Julian arrives a few minutes later.
Gregory Watson declares Banks died at circa 7.00.
The pilot flies the three of you back to Newcastle.’
They all studied the document for a few minutes, and seemed to be in general agreement. Renton asked which specific locations Hepworth and Price had headed off to. Hepworth confirmed Parrish’s guess that he ended up in the King’s Road. Price however, had detoured from his original intention to visit the jewellers in Knightsbridge in favour of looking at the latest electronics gadgets on Tottenham Court Road. At this stage none of them remarked about the incredibly short period of one and a half hours Banks had to get himself murdered. Instead Hepworth queried the mystery driver’s role. 
“It shouts from the page. Why would Alistair allow his briefcase to pass into the care of a complete stranger? I’m afraid I don’t buy it. He was paranoid about it. He either knew the man, or the briefcase went somewhere else.” Price agreed and Parrish shrugged his shoulders and nodded.
 Renton reminded Parrish that he had recalled the logo on the driver’s car. The others agreed that it was a black limo with darkened windows, but could not recall the logo. When they were asked to individually describe the driver on their respective sheets of paper, subtle differences emerged. Hepworth said he was perhaps 5ft. 10ins. The other two said he was more like 6ft. Price stated that he had lots of acne scars. Parrish remembered an expensive watch. Hepworth said he had a lapel badge, possibly denoting something like a rotary club membership. The individual observations accelerated. Parrish was supported when he mentioned an accent. 
“It sounded vaguely East European.” Then Price asked if the others saw the outline of a tattoo above and at the rear of his high-necked white shirt.
 “That’s right,” said Parish, “it was more visible at the sides than at the centre.” 
Hepworth then said, “I didn’t think much of it at the time, but he had very glossy black shoes, and when he came back to the bistro it looked as if he had stepped in mud and wiped them to restore their immaculate appearance.” Price agreed, but said it could have easily been from stepping in a puddle as it was ‘pissing down’ when they left the bistro for the match. Parrish hadn’t noticed. 
Eva Roberts asked Renton to ask what presents they had actually bought, as they knew that Parrish had already declared his was a book. This broke the cosy atmosphere, as they suddenly felt they were being treated like suspects. Renton was quick to dismiss this. 
“You must appreciate that as detectives we have to eliminate people as well as identify suspects. You may be surprised to hear that eliminating people who have seen the victim in the few hours preceding the death is crucial to flushing out real suspects. Don’t answer the question if you feel it is too personal, but we already know that Martin bought a book.”
 The other two relaxed and Hepworth admitted he bought an item of lingerie, which his wife had already said she would never wear. Price said he had bought his daughter an all singing, all dancing computer tablet, because his wife had told him not to waste money on more trinkets. Renton thanked them and said it had been very helpful.
Clive Donoghue told them he was leaving the building to go home and said, “I may as well pass this on to you. It is the final forensics report which nails Jackson to the knitting needle responsible for Pitafi’s death, and to the blood on Banks’ hands. It should make the Crown Prosecutor happy.” 
Eva Roberts interjected. “Why aren’t you pressing for accessory to Banks’ murder?”
Renton said that they wanted him hit with the murder he had confessed to first. 
“There’s nothing to stop us facing him with any new evidence we gather on Banks. He admitted to moving the body, but we can’t yet eliminate him, or charge him as the killer.” She agreed but asked if she could question him. 
“Ok, but don’t push him into retracting anything he has confessed so far.”
They were all about to leave when Stephanie arrived. Renton laughed and remarked,
“Everyone seems to want to get started with Bradstock’s blanket staffing of the case before he fires the starting pistol. The new incident room is in Durham Steph, have you lost your way?”
“No Sir, I just had a silly idea, and wanted to check it out before it migrated for the winter. I remembered that I had scribbled some notes concerning Greg Watson’s very first post-mortem report on Alistair Banks. It is probably nothing, but until I check it out again I won’t be able to move on.”
“Well good luck.” She fiddled with some papers in her trash tray, and found the notepad.
“Here it is, now I remember.” They all halted just before the elevator arrived and turned.
“Well?” said Renton, “we’re all in suspense, are you going to enlighten us?”
“Yes, of course. It didn’t seem relevant at the time, but since we have gradually narrowed the possible time of death with Greg’s new method, it has new significance.”
“Give me strength Steph, what the hell is it you’re talking about?”
“The sedative Sir.”
“And?” Forster commented before she replied.
 “I see what she means. If the window is at most 90 minutes, how long did it take for the sedative to take effect?”
“Yes Sir, I think we should ask Greg Watson, because his approximation moved from 2.00 am. Sunday morning to 7.00 pm. Saturday evening, but when I asked him about it in more detail he said he was pretty sure it was not later than 7.00 pm. He did not say it couldn’t have been sooner, so if it was a little earlier, then maybe the time taken to incapacitate Banks is critical. Narrowing down the time of the lethal insulin injection also narrows down an already tight schedule to get him from the Emirates stadium to the abandoned hospital, where Jackson claims he was dead at 6.30 pm. If Jackson’s testimony was more accurate than Watson’s approximation, we are talking an hour and not 90 minutes. It also begs the question that Jackson said that when he arrived, there were two thugs and Baumann standing over the sack containing Banks’ body. There is something wrong here. If Banks and Baumann left the stadium together and did not split up, but went to a meeting as we were told, surely it wouldn’t have been in that old hospital. Does that mean he was dead before he was taken there? Remember this was the rendezvous given to Jackson, so it’s reasonable to assume the thugs took him there. The journey by car from the Emirates stadium to that site in the Saturday evening traffic is at least 45 minutes, and there is no underground station nearby. Jackson said he was twenty minutes late for the meeting and the thugs were angry about this. So, if he had been on time, would he have witnessed the killing? That’s when they expected him, but he claims he didn’t expect a body, he was supposed to collect a package. It was only when he stopped on his way back to ring Grimes that he was told there was a change of plan. I don’t see how anyone other than the thugs or Baumann himself could have killed Banks unless Jackson is lying again. I’d like to ask Greg if he can determine from his tests how much sedative there was in his body, and how long it would have taken to knock him out, because you would expect that he and Baumann would have resisted travelling to this derelict building, when they intended to fly to Cologne. He may have had to be sedated to get him there. You think I am obsessing don’t you?”
“Not at all,” said Eva Roberts, “I have just been saying we should talk to Jackson again.”
Renton replayed her thought process once more. 
“There’s another possibility Steph - I mean to get him to go to the abandoned hospital. He had said to his pals departing for Newcastle that he had to retrieve his briefcase for the meeting. They’re all certain that he did not have it when the driver of the limo dropped them at the stadium. If the same driver picked them up after the match and still had the case, he would have leverage to persuade Banks and Baumann to go with him. That could have been the package Jackson was supposed to collect. Anyway I don’t think you are obsessing at all, we should question Jackson again, and get Greg on the phone. You speak to Greg Steph, and we’ll bring Jackson in.”
Chapter 28 

Bradstock received an ‘anonymous’ call. He recognised the voice, it was Halliwell-Jones.
“We are entering the stage of finessing the arrangements. Our source reports that there is a meeting of the entire Mosque hierarchy planned to discuss their emergency escape details if anything was to go wrong. This meeting involves eighteen subjects, the other one hundred and nine will be scattered so they should ideally be taken just before dawn. This is tricky because the meeting is being scheduled for 8.30 am. This gap worries me because the street grapevine could scupper the whole thing. Our source is trying to make a case for a mass meeting at the Mosque, but this does not appeal to Abu Mensah. If we have to choose, we will go for the eighteen in the hierarchy as they will be responsible for executing the water pollution. It is not ideal but the airports, ports and Eurostar will be alerted. Your people need to be ready to apprehend those at home when we reach lockdown status at the Mosque.”
“I see, but you have not told me the date.”
“That is because I don’t have it. These people are very careful about such events. They arrange the attendees, the agenda, location, and only fix the date when they feel any short notice response would be difficult to organise.”
“I have other pressing matters which are on-going, and you know that. I must have proper warning of such a big operation.”
“And I can’t give that to you right now. That is the reason for the call, to give you forewarning that it is near. I do appreciate your difficulty, but I am afraid this is how it is.” 
“I just hope I can get something about Baumann from the Colony before you need my people in place, and that in itself will be a delicate exercise, because we agreed to leave it as close to the deadline as possible.”
“I fully understand, and as you know I am also interested in Baumann. I would be grateful for any progress you make in that respect. I will give you the maximum lead time possible.”
Bradstock decided that he had to let the Newcastle incident room progress under the command of Cousins, and called him to that effect. He asked the Midwest web to provide more regular updates on any nibbles from the Colony.
*
Vic Jackson was, as expected, quite philosophical when the forensics results sealed his incarceration until the trial. He was however, disturbed about being quizzed again by no fewer than three people. Eva Roberts decided to attend this time. Renton wanted Stephanie present and Forster observed. Roberts made him aware of the fact that she was not a police officer. This exacerbated his disorientation. What followed only served to compound his uneasiness. Roberts began with the scene at the abandoned hospital. 
“In your previous statement you indicated that you would never forget the expression of fear on the face of the man you identified as holding the briefcase. Can I ask you about the other two men?”
“Why are we talking about the Banks case again? I’m only being charged in connection with the Pitafi case.”
“Absolutely, but I’m sure you realise that if anything emerges from the Banks case that you could have helped us with and did not, it would seriously hinder any appeal you may have for early release. This interview is just to check if there is anything you have forgotten or did not think important. That’s why there are three of us here. We want to make absolutely certain that we have not overlooked an important detail, as it could be your last chance before you go to trial.”
“Ok, but I can’t think of anything off the top of my head.”
“That’s why we want to jerk any memory you may have unconsciously buried. Now you did say previously that you didn’t know the other two men, but they were the kind of people who ‘did not do uncompleted contracts.’ That sounds to me like threatened violence for stepping out of line, rather than a meeting with businessmen.”
“Oh yes, these guys didn’t bark out their orders twice. They spoke and you jumped, they had weapons, I could see that, but they weren’t needed, I just did as they asked.”
“So, if you had to guess at their chosen career, what would you say?”
“I’m not going there, I’ve said enough and you know exactly what I mean.”
“Well if I was to guess, I would hazard that they were from a similar background to that fellow who contracted you in the first place, and then informed you of a change of plan, Mr Grimes. We can’t ask him because he’s still at large. These two men would seem to be in a similar, if not the same organisation, as they were to give you the original package.”
“I guess you could say that.”
“And what did they look like? Remember this could help in any appeal you make. I know the last thing on your mind at present is to be exposed to this Colony or whatever it is called, but things will be different in fifteen or twenty years. Most of them will be dead or inside, but by then it will be too late for you to help; your record will show that you were not very cooperative.”
“One of them was shouting most of the time at me and the guy holding the briefcase. He was quite short, and had really bad teeth. He had a Midwest accent. The other was taller and didn’t speak much, only when he was spoken to really. He wasn’t English, his accent was similar to some of the Russians you hear on TV, you know, in these spy thrillers.”
“Did either of them have any tattoos or other distinguishable features?”
“Er, I think the taller one did. Yes, I remember when he helped me stuff the body into the car; I saw one on his wrist, like a scorpion.”
“Not one on the back of his neck then.”
“Oh yes, hold on, it was only partly visible. It could have even been a larger version of the one on his wrist, as I could only see the edges of it when he bent down to pick up the car keys which he’d dropped.”
Renton jumped in. “His car keys or yours?”
“His.”
“You have never mentioned their car before.”
“Well you people are the bloody detectives, how do you think they got to that shithole? On bikes?”
“What did you notice about the car?”
“Not much other than it was black, a limo. It had a sign on the side but I can’t remember what it said.”
“Maybe we can help with that. Did it say ‘Manor Limousines?’
“Could be, yeah, yeah, that does sound familiar.”
Stephanie then asked, “Are you sure about the time you arrived? Was it exactly 6.30 pm?”
“Yes I’m absolutely sure, my arse was on the line and I didn’t like the reception I got. Actually I said it was just before 6.30. I must have looked at my watch a hundred times while I was trying to find the damned place.”
“Did you know that Mr Banks was wearing a watch?”
“Yes I did. At first I thought I might take it after I was a safe distance from London, but when I stopped at the services to call Grimes, I found it was broken.” 
“Did you see the time at which it had stopped?”
“No, but it must have happened in the car, because it was still going when he was stuffed into the boot. Shame, it looked pretty expensive.”
The interview was terminated and they had a quick recap of this testimony, before deciding to analyse it further the next day. As they prepared to leave, Forster waited until the women walked toward the elevator and then motioned Renton to hold back. They returned to his office. Forster referred to part of Jackson’s testimony.
 “When he was pressed, he reluctantly acknowledged that the two thugs were probably on the Colony’s payroll, as he was himself. He also said the one who was nominally in charge, had a Midwest accent. If we are going to pursue this I would urge caution. Bradstock seems totally preoccupied with finding Baumann and if, as we are currently led to believe, he is now in the hands of the Colony, that’s where he will be looking. We can’t risk him thinking we are second guessing him.”
“You’re right, so what do you suggest?”
“I’m much better connected to these conduits than he is, and to be blunt about it he’s a liability in such foraging for information. I think you should leave this to me. If he finds out I’m in his midst, there is a reasonable explanation – that being that I have been contacted through various ‘informers.’ You could not use this as an excuse, whereas I can quote names, and say that they sought me out.”
“That’s a relief. I was wondering just how he would have reacted to us asking his permission.”
A long day had come to an end and Renton headed back to see Jane and Daniel via the hospital, where Adams was continuing to improve.
Chapter 29
Monday November 19th 2018

Stephanie’s hopes were confirmed by Greg Watson. He hadn’t needed long to think about her question. 
“It was a well-known drug, pretty much identical to Rohypnol, called Flunitrazepam. A dose of only one milligram can render the subject hypnotised or unconscious. However it usually takes up to 30 minutes for this to occur. But as you may well know Stephanie, it is often referred to as a date rape drug because it makes the subject compliant with things they would normally object to. What I found in Banks’ body was not excessive, certainly not what I would describe as an overdose, otherwise I would have reported it as such.”
“So when does the compliant stage begin?”
“Why don’t you tell me what you want to confirm and I will let you know if it fits what I found?”
“We think Banks was transported from somewhere to the abandoned hospital and I am trying to get a feeling for how long it would take for his resistance to being taken there to fade. We don’t believe he would agree as he had a flight to catch.”
“I see, well I would estimate if it was ingested with water it would take around twenty minutes with the dosage I found, whereas if he consumed it unknowingly in alcohol it could be five, perhaps eight minutes quicker. Does that help?”
“Yes it does. One further question if you don’t mind. How much earlier than 7.00 pm do you think he could have died?”
“I think I knew that was coming. Although the new method is supposed to be pretty accurate, it is new, and I don’t want to become over-reliant on it until we have a really good statistical correlation with the normal method. My team all pressed me to designate it earlier, but prudence prevailed and I considered it wise to state it as not later than 7.00pm. If I was less cautious in nature I would have said perhaps up to fifteen minutes earlier.”
“Thank you for your help.” This to her, meant that the time of death could even have been as early as 6.45pm, but this was just after the time Jackson arrived at the hospital. In other words, if the thugs had met Banks and Baumann somewhere very shortly after splitting with the others, say 5.35pm, they would have just 55 minutes to get him subdued, and the cowering Baumann to the hospital to coincide with Jackson’s arrival. The fly in the ointment was that Jackson said he was 20 minutes late, and they were angry, so they must have aimed to be there in 35 minutes and not 55 minutes, and that did not seem possible. Something was still wrong. She would think about it more before informing Renton.
*
Graham and Finley were in surveillance mode, watching the various extremist candidates and their routines before making a final choice. They weren’t working to a specific date. The surveillance was temporarily interrupted by information filtering upward concerning the briefcase and the potential means of opening it safely. They needed to think about this very carefully. They were suspicious, not so much at the claim, but more about the direct up-front offer. These things normally required a ‘mating ritual’ of at least a couple of denials, before terms were aired. They put out an instruction to ignore the proposition for now, in order to see what developed. In the meantime they checked on the case and Baumann. They decided to see what he made on the claim that it could be opened successfully. He reacted by passing out, so they concluded the claim could be valid.
*
Meanwhile Renton, Forster, and Eva Roberts were trying desperately to focus on how the limo driver with the funny accent and tattoos could help them make more sense of the second note. Roberts asked a simple question. 
“How do you think this person ties in with Banks? Or are we of the opinion that he is just a hit-man for the Colony. From Jackson’s description, he wasn’t even the leader of a two-man team. If the Colony is behind Banks’ death it would beg the question of why? I’m told that Peter Beresford may have had cause, but he took his own life, so who is running the show now?” Forster said that he would never believe Beresford committed suicide. 
“Anyway, the two people holding the reins now according to my people in the Midwest are Seth Graham and Eddie Finley, with the former perceived as the strategist. There’s a strong feeling that they want to heal past differences with their London equivalents. I doubt that this intent would have been shared by Beresford. If the Colony is responsible for the Banks murder, why do you think they would order the killing of the other victims? The murder of Pitafi is more their style, with an overt agenda. If they wanted rid of Banks for what was in his briefcase, I don’t think they would have bothered with the elaborate plan to ship him back north. He would probably have ended up in the Thames or a motorway foundation. Dumping him at the Angel of the North doesn’t fit, but wait a minute - Jackson’s original orders were to bring a package back to the north, namely the briefcase. When it all went belly-up and they had Baumann, with either one or two briefcases, they apparently had it all, except the means to open them. If they threatened Banks in order to get him to reveal the code and he refused, they may have decided to show Baumann what would happen to him if he did not comply. It still doesn’t make sense to me though – sedative and insulin – not their trade mark, and I believe they would have sacrificed Baumann first to ensure Banks would cooperate.”
Renton played this through in his mind and remembered his first thoughts when seeing Banks draped on display at the front of the Angel.
 “It was a message, and I agree with you about something being botched. If it had gone according to plan, and the briefcase had been secured with the code, Jackson would have brought it up to Newcastle, and then what? His controller was Grimes, hardly an intellectual. Listen, we have missed a trick here. Beresford was vehemently opposed to Bio-Cure being filched away to the Fatherland, and he had obviously planned to make one of his rare landfalls shortly after the 5th November, to call in on his daughter. If he was after some information which could confront and compromise his son-in-law, this would make sense. Am I the only one who suspects that Banks was supposed to meet someone he knew well, and when the two thugs turned up things went badly wrong? The hospital was merely where they were to deliver the briefcase to Jackson. It would possibly explain why Baumann has never been found and someone from the Colony took his place on the flight to Cologne, to make sure his wife kept quiet – to avoid a manhunt, or at least move it to Germany.” Eva Roberts cut the speculation short by suggesting they go through every bit of Donoghue’s evidence again as planned.
*
Richard Doyle’s secretary made the first coffee of the morning and took it, together with the Monday morning mail, into his office. She dropped the cup and screamed incessantly until one of the junior solicitors rushed into the office. The disfigured corpse of Doyle was tied to his chair and staring directly at him. His scalp had been peeled backwards and a stake hammered into his brain. There was a ‘flag’ on the stake which proclaimed that ‘as he had no heart, the cleansing of the brain was necessary.’ The call interrupted the deliberations over Donoghue’s files and they rushed to the scene. It was as the note had promised; a change in purpose.
A traffic lane and the footpath at the front of Doyle’s office had to be closed to accommodate the various vehicles and officials. Greg Watson was already there, and so were most of Donoghue’s people. Renton had seen many horrific examples of what humans could inflict upon one another, but this was how he imagined ancient barbarian torture scenes would have been. The young man who had run to the assistance of the secretary was still throwing up what was left of his breakfast, and the secretary herself was in absolute shock, unable to speak coherently. Watson wandered over and addressed Renton. 
“As you can see Jack, there isn’t a lot of blood. These acts of inhumanity were thankfully and almost certainly inflicted after death. The abrasions to the wrists are a different matter. He seems to have been restrained while he was still conscious. I think we may be expected to believe he was told what was going to happen to him. I must admit that I’d like to get out of here as soon as I can, so that I can conduct tests on the body without the mayhem within this confined space. I will let Donoghue get his markers down before taking away the body.”
“Ok Greg. We knew something was likely to happen from the note left on my car, but even in a thousand years I couldn’t have imagined this.” Renton recalled Doyle’s nervousness when discussing Banks’ merger plans, and even more so when the briefcase went missing. He could not help thinking back to the pressure the solicitor had mentioned from government and ‘other’ sources, regarding the merger plan, but surely that plan was now on hold with Vivienne’s intervention. Forster acknowledged the hard fact that there would be calls for the police themselves to be questioned over their sorry performance in prevention of these killings. 
“Jack, you know how to contact me if needed, I think my time could be better spent running this limo driver to ground.” Renton agreed and turned to Eva Roberts, who seemed less troubled by the bizarre circumstances than anyone else. 
“I’ll let you make your observations, as you may appreciate I am going to have to get most of the new twelve-hour shift personnel on to this immediately.” She uttered something unintelligible and began making notes. Shortly afterwards she declared to Renton and Forster that this murder must have local significance. 
“I’m one hundred percent behind tracking down the limo driver in connection with Banks’ murder, and I’m hopeful that it will help with shedding light on the motive. However, this incident was conveyed to us in a note placed on D.C.I. Renton’s car by hand, and there was a warning about the need to punish the guilty as opposed to punish more people simply for their apathy. Doyle, as far as I am aware, has very few, if any, connections to either the Midwest or London, except through Banks. We need to re-examine the statements of Vivienne Banks, Julian Hepworth, Martin Parrish, Donald Price, and Vic Jackson.”
They couldn’t disagree but Forster asked, “What else do we expect to get from Jackson?”
Before Roberts could reply, Renton said, “We only have his testimony that Banks was dead when he arrived. If he is telling the truth, the only other witnesses who could verify this are the two thugs and Baumann.” 
Forster endorsed this and argued, “So we do have to concentrate on the limo driver as a priority then. Look, I said earlier that I want to check in with certain contacts in the Midwest, so I’m leaving today to do exactly that, to hell with Bradstock’s incident room in Durham.” The others smiled and wished him good luck. Renton picked up on Roberts’ order of the names she had quoted. 
“Do you want to speak to Vivienne first?”
“Yes.”
“Any reason why?”
“She’s been quite close to Doyle ever since her husband’s death, and just like the rest on the list, she may recall things which didn’t seem relevant at the time. Then I’d like to speak with the three friends, but this time it should be in isolation from one another.”
“Ok, but although I said Jackson had no corroboration of his arrival time and whether or not Banks was already dead, I’m confused as to how we can unsettle him if he’s lying.”
“Well, you said it was important to avoid him retracting his confession if he was charged with two murders. Is it really you that is worried about this or the Crown Prosecutor?”
“Both I guess, but mainly the prosecutor. I suppose if Forster is prepared to risk the wrath of his boss, then I can waive my objection to putting more pressure on Jackson. Let’s do it. I’ll ask Vivienne to come to the incident room.”
Chapter 30

Chen had good news for Lawrence Morton. “As I predicted, the process has accelerated. I’m optimistic that we could complete the recovery by the weekend, unless we hit any snags.” Morton was almost orgasmic with the prospect of astounding the Cabinet.
 “Fantastic Wah, do you think we will ever be able to detect who the saboteur was?”
“I seriously doubt it, but you never know. I can look into that when we have all fragments back together. I would then suggest that I ring-fence the restored data from a repeat of such invasion, because I still believe it is an inside job.” Morton was not going to push his luck and readily agreed.
*
Patrick Carlyle’s volte-face on the government retaining the Genetic Profile Directory had placated the general unrest from the public more than he had expected, including Enigma. Another unexpected response was that of Halliwell-Jones. 
“This controlled unrest is a convenient distraction from my operation. I hope the Colony doesn’t back off altogether. I only mention this because it is our experience that idle minds often correlates to busy hands with these extremists. It is always helpful if they have something to rebel against while we monitor them.”
“Is there any other purpose to this call? I ask because I find it extremely distasteful.”
“I don’t need to defend this view P.M. because the possible alternative is a whole lot worse, if we are detected in their midst. I congratulate you on dousing the bush fire, but please don’t extinguish it by conceding even more just yet. It would actually help if there was a little revived public concern about the extradition proposal.”
“So there was another purpose.” 
“Well it is your policy.”
“Timing Simon, that is what life, including politics, is all about.”
“Then we are both on the same page.”
*
Sam Gibson had been beavering away trying to tie up loose ends or what he called anomalies. With all of the other activity going on and the new shift system, he was able to pursue such enquiries in his own time. It had bothered Sam more than anyone else that the victims in London did not really fit, even though everyone else accepted that there was a possible connection through their employment. He had kept in touch with the London police without interfering, and at last something came up which allowed him to exercise his bulldog-like teeth. Younis Khan, the second victim, who had worked in a London hospital, which had a reputable department for managing mental health problems, had an interesting history. He had been struck off after nursing staff had claimed a group of elderly female patients had become almost impossible to handle. The investigation uncovered his flagrant abuse of recommended dosage with several medications, which had only provisional approval. As the investigation proceeded and the patients were taken off these drugs, which were classified as ‘proving trial status,’ they progressively calmed down. Eventually, a link between the pharmaceutical company and the deviation from practice was established, and yet he protested that perseverance would have vindicated him. 
He was sixty-two when he was killed, and had been a British citizen for thirty of those years. He had arrived with medical qualifications from Karachi, and finished his studies in Leicester, where he proudly became Dr Younis Khan. Then the connection emerged. After practicing at various hospital trusts in the Midwest, he decided to further specialise in research and treatment of mental health conditions. He completed the necessary step up the ladder to becoming a Consultant in Newcastle. On searching through the records at the hospital in which he worked in the region for only two years, he had been highly regarded, and in fact there was a note to the effect that they tried hard to keep him. Gibson relished the chance to ferret out why. It also piqued his interest in finding a similar connection of the third victim, Nisha Servil, to the northeast.
*
Renton had some difficulty in convincing Vivienne Banks to drive to Durham. “I am extremely busy finalising the acquisition of Bio-Synth, and we are at a critical stage with the legal people. You can come here, and I can squeeze you in for thirty minutes while they have a break, otherwise it will have to wait until tomorrow.”
“So you are not using Doyle this time.”
“That is quite an insensitive statement Inspector.”
“You know what I mean. His body was only discovered this morning, and you must have begun your legal stuff before you heard it on the news. I therefore assumed you must have employed a different law firm.”
“Yes, I see.”
“Any reason for that?”
“Look Inspector, just tell me, are you coming to my office today or do I have to come to Durham tomorrow?”
“We will be there very shortly.” He mentioned this to Eva Roberts. “I thought Doyle was a bit of a fixture with the Banks family, preparing the previous merger documentation, with some ‘iffy’ clauses in it, and the change in Alistair’s will so recently. I guess we’ll know why she felt a change was necessary in a few minutes.”
*
Bradstock was not handling the steadily increasing pressure any better. He was not used to working to floating deadlines, such as those which he had inherited from Halliwell-Jones. Despite his many years in the force, he only really thrived on objectives in which he had at least a modicum of control, and a definitive deadline. Halliwell-Jones had handed him neither, and unfortunately there was no one else he could discuss it with. Consequently the lack of response from his gambits about the briefcase was the most urgent. He was advised that these things operated through a ‘parallel world’ and badly worded lures could cause the quarry to take flight. Taking advice was not his strong suit and he dismissed it. A stroke of luck intervened in the shape of Forster, who had driven non-stop from Newcastle to throw down the gauntlet. “What the hell are you doing here?”
“It would be better if we discuss this in private Sir.” When they had ascended to Bradstock’s office Forster sat down and began his overture. 
“We hit on an important connection when we interviewed the killer of Pitafi again.” He then said the credit for this should go to Eva Roberts, which was intended to convey indirect credit to him for recruiting her.
 “Under further cross-examination he revealed a description of one of the thugs at Banks’ and the Doctor’s murder scene, in the old hospital. It matched perfectly with the one of the limo driver who took Banks’ party to the football match. As we had narrowed the time of death for Alistair Banks down considerably, it was felt that this guy had to be with him, at or just after this window of opportunity. This makes it imperative to find him, and Jackson’s recollections also included a statement that the two candidates had a Midwest and East European accent. When you left to hunt for Baumann, I suddenly realised that the thugs, the briefcase, and Baumann are all likely to be in the Midwest. I then thought that we could both be seeking the same information and that it would be unwise to have two routes, especially as we’re pretty sure we are dealing with the Colony on this one. I have a lot of experience in this sort of sequestering of a few crumbs out of them, and it could be a task I can assist you with. Even if that’s not the way you’d like to proceed, I really do advise that you carefully consider my request Sir, to avoid confusing them with two discretely different approaches.” It was a gift horse and Bradstock did not need to look it in the mouth. 
“Good thinking, I will leave this to you as I have other equally important stuff to arrange. However, I want updates as soon as anything comes in. I can’t stress this enough, I must be in the loop, understood?” Forster was surprised he had put up no resistance whatsoever, and wondered what else was going on. 
“Absolutely Sir, and to this end, I’ll need to see any feelers you have already put out, so that I can follow up with consistency.” Forster could hardly maintain a straight face when Bradstock proudly presented his Semaphore message. “Great, I will get on to this right away.”
*
The legal people shuffled out of Vivienne Banks’ office and they were asked to sit. Renton introduced Eva Roberts and said that her expertise was in profiling murderers, including serial killers. 
“Well, let’s hope you fare better than Sherlock Holmes here and his pipe-smoking medical examiner Doctor Watson.” She was surprised that the floor was handed to Roberts.
“Firstly, I would like to offer belated sympathy for your loss, that of you husband, your father, and now Richard Doyle.”
“Yes, thank you. Inspector Renton asked me why I changed my legal presence. We may as well get that out of the way first. It’s not complicated. Alistair kept me up to date with everything in terms of principles with regard to the original merger. He didn’t tell me of his intent to fly to Cologne that night, although I knew he would do so at some time. He also confided in me about the pressure and threats he had been subjected to, all with the purpose of calling off the deal. Doyle may have told you that he did not know Alistair was booked on that flight, just as he told me, but he did. That was why I met with him at the country hotel that evening. Alistair’s behaviour had been troubling to me. He was forgetting things which he never had before, like the arrangement we had that Saturday night with friends. Even after he died, and I challenged Doyle about this, he denied any knowledge of the planned departure of both Alistair and Harry Bowman. I lost it with him, and called him a liar at the Jesmond bistro when you rang me that evening Inspector. I reminded him of the will, and that I would inherit everything, to which he replied that the new version would only amount to debt and not assets. He was very nervous about the deal not going through, and when I told him that I would do anything I could to make sure it did not, he laughed at me. He had never thought about the possibility of me taking on Bio-Cure, but when he realised the briefcase had gone missing and was not found by the police, he made an error. He got angry and asked why the stupid plods weren’t looking in London. As you will appreciate, when I thought about the body being discovered at the Angel, I wondered what the hell he was talking about. Suddenly, it dawned on me that Doyle knew Alistair was not coming back to Newcastle that Saturday night. At the time we were talking in Jesmond I didn’t know the briefcase had gone missing in London. The police, and his three pals, knew Alistair had it on the outward flight. The police knew from the pilot. However they did not interview his friends for a couple of days. Doyle should have thought, as I did, that someone had taken it where the body was discovered. I called him a downright liar, and said if the case wasn’t found, that I wanted him to get the bank to stop the bond being cashed, and informed him that he had no agreement with me that he was to be handsomely remunerated. He said it was contractual matter and that I did not know what I was talking about, so I threatened to expose him to the police about his knowledge and he finally confessed that it was Alistair’s wish that nobody else should know of the intent to leave the country, because of the threats. The football match was a diversion. Doyle pleaded with me to understand his need to respect my husband’s wishes. I countered that by saying that I could, while Alistair was alive, but as the family solicitor he should have recognised his loyalty was to me, after his death. He obviously still wanted the deal to go through, for his own benefit. His loyalty goes to the highest bidder. I couldn’t work with him again.”
Renton privately wanted to feel justice had been done in one way, but nobody deserved Doyle’s fate. “Well that clears up a few loose ends, for me at least. Did Alistair have contracts with any limousine companies in London? We’re trying to trace a particular firm who took the entire party to the football match.”
“I wouldn’t know about stuff like that but I can get our accounts people to check.”
Eva Roberts said that it would be extremely helpful if she could find any receipts. 
“I am also curious about whether Bowman picked up a briefcase after the match, because the testimony we have states he did not have one on the flight to London.”
“I think it’s almost certain that he would have taken one to Cologne. As I said earlier, Alistair kept me apprised of the principles of this foolish merger. The people at Bio-Synth tried to tell me that Bowman, or as they refer to him Baumann, was not a requirement for the merger to proceed, and I corrected them by telling them what my husband had told me some time ago. Because of the potential hijacking of Alistair or his briefcase, he wanted to split the documentation. The legal stuff for the merger was to be with my husband, and the crown jewels, or should I say the intellectual property which underpinned the merger agreement, was to be with Harry. And I keep saying this, I knew as much as Alistair thought I should, in case something went wrong, but he did not want to put me in danger if it did. I could not divulge something if I didn’t know about it, for instance the bookings on the flight to Cologne. Is there anything else before I have to meet the legal people again?” Renton considered fishing and threw in a possible reason for yet another chat.
 “As we have drawn nothing but blanks on the whereabouts of Bowman and his briefcase in the UK, we are still interested in speaking with Gertrude Bowman at some time.” 
“Oh, I can’t remember whether I mentioned it last time we spoke, but I did see her when I visited Bo-Synth. She was one very nervous woman. She thought she was being followed by plain clothes police whenever she went out, and her father confirmed that she was, by tailing her himself. I doubt you will get more out of her than I did but as you may gather, I want that intellectual property back. I will help you in any way I can.” Renton and Roberts left.
Chapter 31
Tuesday November 20th 2018

Greg Watson rang to confirm it was another sedation followed by a lethal insulin injection which killed Doyle. “I am relieved to have been right about him being mutilated after he died. The rest is really up to Donoghue.” The forensics team were just getting to grips with their marked samples, but they had already answered a question Renton was about to ask. There were none of the black and grey fibres which were found on all but the previous victim. 
Renton passed this on to Eva Roberts, and they were discussing the black and grey fibres when the front desk said he might be interested in someone who had sketchy information which could relate to the Gibside Priory killing. He asked for the person to be brought upstairs. This was interesting because despite the appeals made by the police for witnesses to all of the deaths so far, no one had come forward in London or Newcastle, except for the very first at the Angel. When the man arrived he looked a little nervous, so they tried to put him at ease, and asked his name. 
“Eric, er Eric Palmer, I’m not sure it means anything, but when I heard about the murder I thought I should tell you anyway.”
“Please sit down Mr Palmer, this is Eva Roberts and I’m Detective Chief Inspector Renton.” He looked about sixty or even a little older with craggy features and bright blue steely eyes. Renton continued. 
“I understand you may have witnessed something out of the ordinary.”
“Yes, you see I cycle along that part of the Derwent Walk every night. There are always too many people on it during the day time, walkers with dogs, horses, and other cyclists. I got myself one of these really powerful light sets for my bike and it’s fantastic. It lights up the whole track as if it was the middle of the day, and there’s never anybody else on it when it is dark, so I can whizz along without being in danger of bumping into anybody. Except this night I did.”
“That must have been quite a surprise then. Which night was this?”
“Well that’s the problem. When I heard the news on the radio about the murder, I couldn’t really remember whether it was two nights before or three. You see my eyes and ears are ok, but my short term memory isn’t what it used to be.”
“That’s alright, neither is mine, just tell us what you saw.”
“Well, I often stop at a bench which isn’t far from the viaduct and has a nice view across to the village. I always stop when there’s a bright moon, because it hovers over the river and the backlighting of the village makes it a pretty sight. If I’m honest though, I like to have a little nip of whiskey at the end of my ride, and it’s a lovely place to sit at night if it’s not too cold. It also gives a good view of the Priory.”
“Go on Eric, it sounds like a beautiful spot.”
“Yes, well these two fellas were walking towards me, but as I’d knocked off my lights, they mustn’t have seen me. One was doing a lot of talking, and the other seemed to be afraid. I was then very surprised that they went off the Walk, down the bankside and over the wire fence. They headed towards the Priory. I thought to myself - who would do that? And why didn’t the man who was pleading with the other one just turn around and leave. I was going to shout and tell them that it was private land when I saw the gun. I got a bit scared and decided to mind my own business. I kept very still until they entered the ruin, and when I heard the one with the gun shouting, I crept away in the opposite direction with my bike. I had to pedal because I was worried he would hear the freewheeling sound. When I got to the embankment about a hundred yards away and well before the bridge over the Walk, I knew he couldn’t have caught me on foot, so I looked back. There was no gunshot, and in the moonlight I could still make out both of their silhouettes; they weren’t arguing anymore, and the man seemed to have put away the gun, so I thought they must have settled their differences. I rode back to the Lintzford turn off and came home by the main road. When there was nothing on the news or in the newspapers the next day, I thought no more about it until the murder was reported.”
“What time of night was this Eric?”
“I don’t carry a watch but I always get back home at about eight o’clock, so from the bench seat to my house would take no more than five or six minutes on my bike. It must have been just a few minutes before eight.”
“Did you get a good look at these men?”
“No, I was about twenty yards from them when they headed for the Priory, but the bench I was sitting on was amongst the trees and bushes at the side of the Walk. If I hadn’t been hidden like that they may have seen me. Although it was a moonlit night, it was still quite dark. All I can tell you is that the man with the gun was taller than the other one, probably four or five inches taller, and he had quite a gruff voice. I didn’t think this could be of much help to you and that’s why it has taken so long for me to make up my mind to come to the police. I didn’t want to waste your time.”
“On the contrary Eric, you’ve given us an approximate time of the incident, and height of a man who was obviously involved in some way. You were right to come here, because we knew he had been dead for some time before we found him. Thank you for coming all the way to Durham. You aren’t on your bike are you?”
“Oh yes, I do other rides as well as the Derwent walk, and I have a favourite coffee shop in Lanchester, which is about halfway.”
“We’ll want to talk to you again, so I’ll get your details from the desk; and thanks again for taking the trouble to come all this way.” Renton accompanied Eric Palmer to the exit and watched him climb on to his hybrid bike to ride back to Rowlands Gill. He turned to go back upstairs when the desk sergeant drew his attention to a new letter. This one was in a stamped envelope and had come through the Royal Mail. He took the plastic bag in which the sergeant had placed it, and headed up to show it to Roberts. 
“Eva, let’s go to forensics in Newcastle so that they can do checks before we open it. It may not be from the same source, but if it is, it’s come with fingerprints of the postman and sorting office. We must check this out.” They asked Stephanie to recall Gibson from his foraging into the Newcastle records trail of Doctor Younis Khan. 
*
Meanwhile Forster’s influence had pulled something out of the Colony already, but it was not what he wanted. It was even worse news for Bradstock. The drift of it was a rumour related to a contract hit which was being touted within the Colony. It was unusual insofar as the tariff was much higher than normal for such a job. This always made the hired help a little edgy, and this one had apparently been declined already by preferred individuals, and had moved on to a wider list for consideration. Forster’s undercover man had been told that it was a kidnapping of an unnamed subject. While telling Bradstock, he suggested that this could partly explain why there was no interest yet in his offer of opening the briefcase. 
“As the Colony has not filled in the target of the kidnap, and none of the preferred operators have signed up, this may be their top priority right now. When you let it be known that you thought the briefcase could be opened successfully, were you able to back that up or was it just a gamble?”
“No, it wasn’t a gamble. I made some enquiries with the people at our anti-terror facility and they told me that we have a prototype particle scanner which can actually see objects and read documents even through metal sheeting. Apparently they can calibrate the metal as background, and each metal has a different setting. Alloys proved to be much trickier, but they can still be zeroed out. They said our problem was a walk in the park compared to some of the detections they have to perform.”
“In that case Sir, I’d like to use this to raise the game. Getting paid for handing over a briefcase is a lot less risky than an unknown person who has been kidnapped.”
“Maybe, but I am not allowed to disclose information that we have such a device. That would let the terrorists know what they can expect ahead of it being employed. I am afraid that is non-negotiable.”
“Ok. How about letting them know that this could be done through a third party? An accredited official of their choice, who passes our terror-screening test, could then act as an independent verifier. A lawyer or magistrate for example, could be allowed to authenticate the scan picture from a remote screen. Our people can upload the content to wherever, and the verifier can vouch that it is the actual briefcase, and also whatever is revealed inside. Nobody has to be actually at the scanner facility, or know anything about the technology involved. It is just displayed as a computer screen picture, which can be photographed or printed.”
“Mmm, I’ll check with the anti-terror facility to see if they would be happy with that. It may be that they still have objections.”
“The collateral payoff, if they approved it, could be postponement of this mooted kidnap. That would give us more time to try and run it to ground. From my contact it sounds like it is something pretty big.”
*
Forensics had captured the fingerprints from the outside of the envelope and confirmed there was no saliva; the stamp was self-adhesive and postmarked from Newcastle. They carefully opened it and passed it to the addressee – Renton. It was from the same source.
‘By the time you receive this you should have come to terms with the difference between the guilty and the apathetic. But you have not stopped my headache. The next chance is your last chance, as it is my piece de resistance, the end of the line, a terminus of sorts. I want to die, but not like this. I need you to help me. Please figure it out. People need to know. Sentinel.’
A protracted silence was pierced by Eva Robert’s declaration. 
“In all of my experience I’ve never come across such contrasting communications from a serial killer. The moods of arrogance and pleading are confusing enough, but to announce a finality which includes the writer is unique in the context of cases I have studied. There’s a melancholy feel which seems to be hinting at the underlying reason for such agony, whether or not they are apprehended. Inspector, my normal analytical ability has deserted me. I’m not sure what else I can contribute if this deadline of the next killing is the end. If you feel the same please don’t hesitate to say so, as I may be holding you back.”
“That’s the last thing I want. Your insight is not the same as mine, and in these circumstances I see that as important; this is a unique case for both of us. I’d rather you stayed on.”
When they arrived back in Durham, Renton asked Gibson and Stephanie to join them in his office. They were shown the photograph of the note. 
Renton simply said, “Well?” 
They echoed the assertion that this really narrowed the potential suspect to the northeast. They also rattled off the same names as Eva Roberts and Renton had done. They then scribbled the five names on a whiteboard. Renton stressed that someone else was going to die, and the victim as well as the killer could be on the list. 
“We know that Vivienne Banks was with Doyle on that Friday night at a country hotel, and although she told us that she was at home all day on Saturday 3rd November, and claimed she got drunk and didn’t wake up until Sunday afternoon, we can’t fully confirm the last part of her alibi. In theory, she could have got to London by the time Banks was killed, but the phone call he made to her puts her in the northeast not long before he died. So, although she may be out of the frame for actually killing him herself, she could have organised it, and the others. She has admitted recently that she despised Doyle. Now, we only have Jackson’s word that Banks was dead when he got to the old hospital, so he could have been lying yet again. However, he has been in custody during the time of the later killings, and can therefore be ruled out of having committed them. It’s critical that we determine if either or both of them are still hiding something. Meanwhile, Hepworth, Parrish and Price could have tracked Banks and Baumann to wherever they went; they claim they went shopping, so we need to see the receipts for what they bought as a starting point. Are we sure there is nobody else? Is there any other aspect we should address?”
Stephanie said they should press uniform for an update on the CCTV suspects for the first note. That was agreed and included in the list. Gibson gave them chapter and verse on Younis Khan’s history and particularly his rise to fame in Newcastle. 
“I was not able to connect Nisha Servil to the region from the personnel records in Thames Water, but I was still sure there must be something. I took a punt and started digging for a birth certificate. She has a sister whose last recorded address is in the Newcastle area, Heaton to be precise. I think we should follow this up because we now know that all of the victims have connections to this area.”
Renton indicated his agreement to their respective proposals and said Eva Roberts wanted to say something. They listened attentively. 
“I have studied this note over and over again, and although there is much of it I can’t explain, I’m increasingly of the opinion that this individual is seeking attention for a cause rather than any personal self-esteem. That cause could be another person as well as a belief in something. I’m also more convinced than ever that they are acting alone. I’d like to stress that I’m not challenging Inspector Renton’s earlier point that the killings could have been ordered or ordained by someone else, but I believe the act of execution is down to one individual. Because of this possibility, I completely endorse questioning all of the five listed. They can all still be connected to the death of the person whose demise announced the string of killings which were planned to follow. This is no random sequence, and until we find the reason, we may not succeed in time to prevent the final one, and then that of the killer.”
Chapter 32

Bradstock was pleasantly surprised that the anti-terror people were happy with Forster’s idea. The word went out and the second surprise was that there was an immediate engagement with the proposal. They wanted to know who, other than the designated third party would have access to the information if it was printed. The Colony hierarchy was obviously concerned about the value of what they would see being diminished by it being shared with others. Bradstock could not prevent the scanner operators or a representative of the police being exposed to the content. The message came back that it was not the police that worried them. The negotiations stalled.
*
Vivienne Banks was livid at the suggestion she needed to return to answer more questions, and went completely ballistic when asked if she wanted a lawyer present. Renton decided not to attempt to placate her, instead choosing to let her fester in the interview room on her own. Within half an hour she banged on the door for attention and an officer relayed her message to Renton that she did not want a legal presence. He switched on the recorder and ran through the usual preface to an interview. 
“We have a very tight deadline Mrs Banks, and you could be in danger yourself, so we want to know everything you can tell us. You’ve assisted us so far, but in a piecemeal fashion, so unless you want to face charges of obstructing a murder enquiry, start filling in all of the blanks – beginning with what Alistair told you about the merger timetable.” 
This threw her off guard a little and she did not respond at first. Renton repeated the threat to charge her with obstruction, and she held up her hand to indicate she needed more time to think. Shaking her head she finally began to talk. 
“I’ve told you already that he kept me in the loop on matters of principle with the merger and the changes in his will. Well there was a little bit more. He frightened me by saying that he almost expected to be prevented from going to seal the merger. He then told me of the intention to split that documentation from the intellectual property, which he delegated to Harry. He told me exactly what was in his briefcase, but not that of Bowman.”
“Go on.”
“Alistair’s case was to be empty.”
“What?”
“He expected to have to surrender it if indeed he was intercepted.” She hesitated once more and cleared her throat. “I have the one in which he had the merger agreement and bond.”
Renton and Roberts looked at one another in total confusion. “But you showed it to Ben Adams when he came to see you, and it was open but completely empty.”
“Yes, because I opened it. Alistair had said many times that if anything happened to him I should open the case and destroy the contents.”
“You mean you had the code?”
“Not directly, but he made sure I knew how to get it. I’m not going to reveal the method until my acquisition of Bio-Synth is complete, even if you do charge me. I’ll tell you once that deal has been closed. I’m much more concerned about the whereabouts of Bowman’s case. According to Alistair, there was something in there other than technical knowhow. He described it as his insurance, but never said what it was. He also told me that if and when he and Harry got through to Germany, I was to fly over with the other case when he gave me the signal. He never told me when this was going to happen, and when he rang from London to say he was staying over with Harry, I knew it was going to happen. It wasn’t that he didn’t trust me; he just wanted to protect me.”
“Where are the contents of the case now?”
“I shredded them as he told me to. This was to ensure the £65 million did not disappear, and the rather complex merger schedule was aborted. So now you know why I began again with Bio-Synth in a completely uncomplicated acquisition.”
“And you are sure that’s everything?”
“Except for the briefcase code access and whatever his insurance was, in Harry’s case. I still hope to find that case, but if that is not possible I’ll have to look elsewhere. If I’m successful in finding out what it was, you will be the first to know. I would expect you to reciprocate if you find the case first.”
“Very well, when you have made and signed a full statement to this effect you can go.”
This revelation had the potential to blow the whole situation wide open again. They sat and tried to digest the probable fallout of revealing any of it. They decided to press on with the agreed list. Jackson was brought back. For an hour he flatly refused to utter a single word. Renton abandoned the approach of implying he was still hiding something. 
“Ok Vic, we need corroboration of your claim that Banks was already dead when you arrived at the hospital. It’s not what we want to do but it’s now out of our hands. The prosecutor believes that unless you can furnish this in some way, there’s no other credible suspect to charge with Alistair Banks’ murder. These thugs you talked about at the hospital, and the man you identified by his photo could have been a convenient cover for you. The powers that be believe you were supposed to get the package from Banks and he refused. You were on orders to terminate him if he didn’t surrender the case. We’re trying to help you here Vic, but it seems as if we have to concede defeat.”
“Wait, I can’t just make up witnesses. Why haven’t you found this other guy, you know, the one who was clutching his briefcase and browning his trousers? He’s either dead or they still have him. I told you one of the thugs had a Midwest accent, probably Birmingham or Wolverhampton. Why aren’t you looking there instead of fitting me up?”
“If only you had something. If only you had brought the case with you.”
“Do you seriously think they were going to let me do that once they had learned about the code?”
“Code – what code?”
“A code needed to open the bloody case. They had already knackered one of them.”
“Now Vic, no more lies. Tell us every little detail about this case. You’ve never mentioned that there was a second one.”
“It doesn’t seem important to me. Like I’ve said until I’m blue in the face, I went to pick up a sodding package and ended up with a body. The tension in that place was scary. The thugs were ranting about having to collect the package and meet me. They hadn’t bargained for Banks being dead either. I think they realised they’d caused a problem by opening the case they came for. No, sorry, they said they’d told the other guy to open it. He gave them some bullshit about it melting if the correct code wasn’t used, and he didn’t have it. He said that his worked on the same principle so they made him prove it with his case. They apparently went mental when this happened and he couldn’t help them with the important one. I suppose he’ll be dead now, in fact I am sure he will. Anyway, those three guys were the only ones who can prove my story. I can’t see how the burnt out briefcase helps me. I’ve told you everything I can remember and I want you to leave me alone because I still think they’re going to blame everything on me for being late, you know, to save their own arses.”
Renton and Roberts went to the staff canteen for a strong coffee. They looked at each other and burst out laughing. Renton then admonished himself. 
“I’ve been so intense since Ben Adams was shot that I forgot a cardinal rule. Often, what a witness does say is either a lie or less important than what they haven’t said. I spotted the lies but failed in digging out the rest.”
*
Gibson had drawn a blank for Nisha Servil’s sister in Heaton. The people living at the address did not have any idea where she had moved to, but said the lady three doors down was good friends with her. This proved more helpful, as the woman told him she had moved in with her boyfriend. 
“I can’t remember his name, but I think he lives in Gosforth. I haven’t seen her for ages and she must have changed her mobile phone and number, because I just get an unrecognised tone. Is there anything I should be worried about?”
“No, we just want to ask her about someone she may know.”
“I’m sorry, I feel stupid. I’m sure his name will come to me. His first name is Gary, is there a number where I can call you when it comes to mind?” Gibson gave her his card.
*
Stephanie returned with mixed news. Two more people caught on the station CCTV had been eliminated. The three remaining were two middle aged men and a young girl. One of the officers screening the disc thought he had seen the girl before somewhere and asked one of his personal friends to look at a still. He confirmed her as being a drug user. The officer could now place her and knew where he could find her. When he did approach her she resisted any attempt to get her to talk. “Look Adele, we aren’t chasing you. There’s footage of you posting something in the station box. We only want to know if someone asked you to do this; it’s not against the law.”
“What do I get out of it?”
“You get me to leave you alone.”
“Yeah right, he gave me a tenner.”
“Good, that wasn’t too hard was it? Would you recognise him again?”
“Very funny, it was early in the morning and I don’t even remember where I was going. I was only about a hundred yards from the station, and when he gave me the tenner I must have changed my plan or something, because I ended up in the off-licence for a couple of miniatures.”
“Ok, Adele I want you to come to the station and make a statement.”
“Do I get a coffee?”
“Of course, maybe even a sandwich.”
The last few hours had been quite productive and the four of them posted their input on the whiteboard. It was time to bring in the three musketeers again.
Chapter 33
Wednesday November 21st 2018

Hepworth and Parrish had turned up and everyone was waiting for Price. When Renton rang his mobile it went straight to voicemail. He then rang Gladstone-Klein and was put on hold for a few minutes. When he was put through he asked Price why he had not shown up.
“Inspector, it was put to me as a request, and after I had thought about it, I decided to decline. I have really spent enough time helping you, and I have a business to run, but my main reason for not coming is that whatever I purchased in London is my business. I have told you what it was. I’m not coming in.”
“I have to remind you that it’s a murder enquiry and I must insist that you attend.”
“You mean it’s a murder odyssey, and you are no nearer solving it than you were on day one.”
“You have a choice, come in or I send a squad car to arrest you.” Julian Hepworth asked to speak to him and Renton handed over the phone. 
“Hey Donald, calm down, we are both here. If a receipt helps put Alistair’s killer away, then what the hell is your problem? Come on; don’t be so childish, if….”
“Stick your advice Hepworth. You’re always butting in when you’re not welcome. Just because you hero-worshipped Alistair, it doesn’t follow that everyone else has to crawl up his arse.”
The conversation was transferred to speakerphone and it was then Parrish who returned the vitriol. “Look, you egotistical little cretin, strutting your corporate title means nothing to these people, and you’re reflecting badly on Alistair, Julian, and me. Go ahead and make a fool of yourself in front of your workforce.”
When Renton took the phone back, and switched off the speakers, he simply said, “What is it to be?” 
The line went dead. Hepworth produced his receipt and was quite embarrassed when Eva Roberts read it. 
“She has already decided it is going back, and has talked me into another trip to Chelsea to exchange it” The receipt showed the item was purchased at 17.59 on the 3rd November. Martin Parrish’s payment for the book was timed twelve minutes later at 18.11. Both of their receipts confirmed what they had testified to. They were thanked and asked if the receipts could be held by the police temporarily until Price produced his. There was agreement and they left.
The squad car arrived to find that Price had left for his house. He found it even more embarrassing to be arrested in his swanky neighbourhood than at work. He protested that he had come home for the receipt and there was no need for such heavy-handed police behaviour. 
“Sorry Sir, but Inspector Renton could not know whether you had decided to come in voluntarily because you put down the phone without stating that was indeed your intention. Just get in the car, or you will be handcuffed.” He protested that he had the receipt now and he could drive to the incident room; it was to no avail. When he arrived and was shown directly to the interview room, he threw the receipt on to the desk and glared at Renton. 
“Satisfied now?”
Renton and Roberts checked it out and it did confirm he had bought a computer tablet in Tottenham Court Road at precisely 17.54 on Saturday 3rd November. “Thank you Mr Price, was that so hard?”
“That is hardly the point. I’m going to take this further. Yes, you are supposed to be investigating a murder, and I am running a company. You could have offered to come to my office for a change, especially when all you wanted was a damned receipt.”
“It’s your call if you want to make a complaint, so I’ll give you a receipt for your receipt.”
With all of the receipts backing up the testimony, Renton decided to follow up on Forster’s progress on the limo driver. He was brought up to date with the current stalemate.
 “I think it may take some time yet Jack. When I got here I had to modify Bradstock’s approach a little and it threw up a completely unrelated activity in which the Colony was active. I can’t go into details but suffice it to say that it’s become a higher priority than the limo man. Strangely enough I’ve convinced Bradstock to authorise a slightly risky means of discovering what’s inside the briefcase which Vic Jackson claimed was in the hands of the Colony. It seems Jackson was right and we’re awaiting their response to the latest offer.”
“What do you mean by risky?”
“Well, the operation would have to be overseen by a third party from a remote viewing point and there’s no absolute guarantee that this experimental process would work.”
“I see, well I may be able to help you out there. I know what’s inside.”
“How can you possibly know that?” When Renton explained the situation there was no immediate reaction. Then the rather long silence was truncated with concern. “Jesus, I’m kind of lost in a fog now. The only thing I didn’t expect to be in that case was nothing. No matter how the Colony finds out that it is empty, it will signal the end for Baumann, if he is still alive. I was hoping there was something in there which would give us a bargaining chip to extract him.”
“Maybe it would be best to call off the test. I’ve been thinking that if this becomes public knowledge it could alter things at this end. I mean, what if the killer still believes there’s valuable information in that briefcase. We don’t know what the hell will be unleashed if this person has to go looking for whoever they think took the contents of the case. If you cancel the test, it may encourage the Colony to open it. Having the case self-destruct would be helpful to both of us, and Baumann.”
“That would only work if they decided to open it themselves. If we encourage them in any way it will destabilise the grapevine we have with them. Maybe we can go ahead with the test but ensure it fails, and then admit defeat. It would be convenient if they ‘discovered’ the code to open it, but it was wrong.”
“I’ll have to leave that with you and the Fuhrer, but there’s another piece of the jigsaw which has changed. We also know for sure that Baumann’s case had the intellectual property in it. If that was what the Colony was after, it’s already destroyed. They forced Baumann to open it as a demo of what happens when the wrong code is entered, remember? Anyway, is there no angle which gets us closer to the limo driver?”
“Let me think on it. There may be a way to utilise the fact that this driver and Jackson have already been introduced to each other.”
Chapter 34

Cousins had entered the office during the tail-end of the conversation and asked Eva Roberts to give him a few minutes of privacy with Renton. “We are getting pressure indirectly from bloody Downing Street now. Monica Armstrong wants to see us and she is in a hurry. Let’s go.”
She wasted no time laying down her future expectations. 
“Gentlemen, as my responsibility covers the safety and welfare of the Three Rivers population, albeit in a civil capacity rather than law enforcement, I need answers. This latest victim – a solicitor, murdered in his own office, has kindled widespread fear. This is the seventh murder which appears to be linked, at least in the minds of the people, to that of Alistair Banks. So far, all we have done is to arrest someone for the murder of a man who you seem to believe is not connected to the others, and it was filmed on CCTV. This is not what I would call detective work. Although the call I received this morning was from the Home Secretary, I know it was being passed on from the P.M. If he is getting nervous, he is entitled to ask if I am. I will therefore need to hear exactly what you intend to do in order to restore faith in the police, from both the government and the public perspective. Bradstock has staffed this incident room with almost the entire C.I.D. resource, yet the only incidents we hear of are more bodies. I also understand you have a profiler involved, and I have to ask just how desperate are you? Unless we have some kind of breakthrough soon, I’m afraid questions will be asked about the competence of those leading the operation. I want to help, therefore I would like to have a briefing every two days so that I can try to keep the wolves at bay.”
Renton was naturally inclined to take issue with much of what she had said, but was quietly silenced by Cousins. 
“Monica, you’ve not expressed this level of concern until now, and just because your own reputation is coming under the spotlight, you offer criticism about the leadership of the investigation. I really would like to experience the help you have offered rather than just hear promises, and although I take the criticism on board, I don’t think the answer is for you to brief the newshounds every two days with our leads, in a P.R. fashion. Protection of certain information is often as important as having it. I can’t subscribe to anyone other than those under my command deciding what can be released. I sympathise with your rebuke from on high, as we get this regularly. I’ll brief you every week, and D.C.I. Renton will continue to investigate rather than elaborate. As far as the leadership is concerned, we know we are in a results business, and accept that it goes with the territory, but it won’t be you who decides if change is needed. I guess the same concern could be levelled at the effectiveness of controlling the current public disorder. If your public service people such as ambulance and fire departments fall into the firing line, I hope I would not offer to help you by merely beating someone else’s drum. I think this has been a fruitful discussion insofar as we now have a better idea of who we can depend on, and I will give you our first agreed briefing tomorrow.” Renton had never credited Cousins with being a vertebrate, never mind offering himself as a target.
*
Chen contacted Lawrence Morton to say he had gained time against his own estimate by working through the night. 
“I think I will have recovered the entire programme by tomorrow. I’m about to go home to get some sleep, so if you want to see for yourself, I can run a demo for you then.” Morton responded enthusiastically and asked if it was far enough recovered to let the Prime Minister know. 
“I advise against that, simply because we could yet hit a glitch. I’d rather he saw the finished article.” Morton agreed, and Chen breathed a sigh of relief because in his state of exhaustion he had temporarily forgotten about Vivienne Banks’ demand for a copy of the recovered programme.
*
The Colony was still having difficulty recruiting their kidnapper, despite having decided on the target. They had found that there was still a taste in the mouth of the recent clashes between rival factions, which had led to numerous deaths. Added to this, the government had drafted emergency powers to detain those arrested – based on the racial motives involved. There was also the promise of heavier sentences to think about. They felt it would ultimately come down to the price on offer, and therefore exercised more patience.
*
Ben Adams was improving considerably with each passing day, and Renton was so disgusted with Monica Armstrong’s blatant self-preservation speech that he had an impulse to visit his friend during his shift. His speech was pretty much back to normal and his recall was getting clearer. Renton wanted to talk about the football match at the weekend, and how Newcastle United had not been able to live up to that name. Ben wasn’t having that. 
“It was just a blip. Next week is the big one, and I’m glad they got this wake-up call. Anyway, I’ve been thinking about Donoghue’s black and grey fibres and how they got on Banks’ clothing.”
“No Ben, we’re not talking shop, I came down here to see you, not to be reminded of how much we miss you.” He related the episode of the gallantry of Cousins.
“I don’t think so boss, he was either on stimulants or he’ll reveal the true purpose of standing in front of the battalion. Never mind Cousins, listen to me. Banks, as we know, got blue fibres from the Alfa Romeo. Donoghue thought the black and grey ones were from carpets. It suddenly dawned on me that since we accepted that Banks was driven from London to Newcastle in the blue car, that this was the whole story. I have heard since then that one of the two thugs he met to collect the package had been matched up with the limo driver who ferried the Banks party to the match.”
“And who told you that?”
“Give me a break boss, you aren’t the only one who has visited me, now will you please listen? Just because it’s pretty certain he was killed down there, we can’t rule out him having been stuffed in another vehicle before he was taken away in the Alfa. For what it’s worth, I did believe Jackson was telling the truth when he said Banks was dead when he arrived. It could be that these thugs were supposed to meet Banks somewhere else, and he was killed there.”
“Are you suggesting, as Jackson has, that they didn’t kill him either?”
“Possibly, but what I really wanted to say, if you will stop interrupting, is that if he had been in the boot of the limo, it should not be impossible for Donoghue to list the types of vehicle to check out. There are not that many auto manufacturers who make limos. There are obviously different lengths and engine sizes, but it would be worth checking which ones supply vehicles with black and grey fibres in the boot. If you get a match amongst them, you may then know something you’ve not investigated so far – the make of the car we’re looking for. You are looking for a driver in the Midwest, and if my hunch is correct, there can’t be all that many limos of that type with those fibres which have been supplied in that region. It certainly wouldn’t be a needle in a haystack, especially as we’re also looking at connections to the Colony.”
“Brilliant Ben, I’ll get Donoghue on it, and come back tonight.”
*
Simon Halliwell-Jones had an update for Bradstock. 
“Our undercover man informs us that the countdown has started. We have our people covering the bottled water storage at the warehouses and mines. The distribution of the Iranian product will be the final indicator that they are ready to pollute the water supply. We are also monitoring this aspect. As soon as I give you the signal, we need the raids for all of the targets to be synchronised. This is the most vulnerable part of our plan, as we have to catch these individuals red-handed – they must be in possession of the toxin. As I have stressed before, we must keep the number of people who have advance information to a minimum. At the present time I estimate we will need your men posted within three to four days. I will now update this situation every twenty-four hours.” Bradstock was getting increasingly uptight about the deployment of personnel being required with less than forty-eight hours’ notice.
*
Sam Gibson recognised the voice. “Hello officer, I have remembered Inas Servil’s boyfriend’s name in Gosforth. Do you have a pen and paper?”
“Yes, go ahead.”
“It’s Peterson. I thought it was something like Henderson, Harrison or Anderson, but it is Peterson.”
“Thank you very much for your help. I’ll try to find him right away and if I do, I will get her new mobile number for you.” Gibson checked with the council tax people but drew a blank. He began to wonder if Peterson was renting and paying cash with no questions asked. He put out feelers amongst the Gosforth uniform officers to see if they had ever come across a Gary Peterson.
*
When Forster and Bradstock had raked over all of the possible implications of the Colony finding out that the briefcase was empty, they decided not to proceed with the test. They felt it was better to bargain for something as a potential payoff, and set the price so high that the Colony would refuse. Again it was Forster who was thinking outside of the box. 
“We want the limo driver, but they won’t part with that kind of information in direct negotiation. If they were prepared to wash their hands of him it would be through a different route. Let’s raise the stakes by first declaring we have not discussed the price for exposing the contents of the case.” 
Bradstock’s head was spinning and he was having great difficulty in engaging with this caper while he was in yellow alert for Halliwell-Jones’ project. He simply said, “Great idea, do it.”
*
Gibson struck out again in trying to trace Gary Peterson, as nobody with uniform had heard of him. In desperation he began to go through the electoral register again. When he came to the alphabetical section where Peterson should have been, he suddenly thought that he had written down the name without asking the lady caller to spell it. He rang her back and she corrected his aural error by saying, “Sorry, he always got shirty if people didn’t pronounce his name the way he wanted it to be heard. To me Paterson is pronounced as Pat, not Pate! I think he was ashamed of his roots as a Geordie. He was a prick in more than one meaning of the word.” Now Gibson had two addresses for Gary Paterson.
*
Forster had an immediate response to discuss the price for scanning the briefcase. When he sent back the demand to speak to one of the thugs who had been present when Jackson was lumbered with Banks’ body, it achieved the desired severance of communications. This allowed him to re-enter with a different proposal. The new message indicated that Jackson had claimed to know how to avail of the authentic code to open the briefcase.
*
Donoghue’s database did not contain specific information on limousines, so Renton set Stephanie on the task of unearthing information from the internet. She came up with quite a lot more makes than they expected but this was narrowed by filtering with UK imports and right hand drives. She was left with seven. After over an hour on the phone she had requested samples of boot carpets from each manufacturer. They would arrive by overnight courier.
*
Gibson found Paterson at the second address. Unfortunately he was told that Inas Servil was no longer living with him. He had no idea that she was the sister of the murdered woman in London. 
“Do you have any idea where she might be? It’s very important.”
“I think she still sells the Big Issue in town, but I’m not certain. If she does then she usually hangs out at the Eldon Square entrance next to Grey’s Monument.” 
“Do you have a recent photo of her?”
“Sure, I have a couple in my wallet. You don’t need to give them back to me. It’s over between us.” Gibson had to get uniform on his side again.
*
Vivienne Banks called Wah Chen several times but his mobile was switched off. He finally returned her call at 6.45 pm. 
“Hello, I’m sorry about being unavailable. I needed some sleep after a marathon session in restoring and siphoning off your copy. It had to be done in a certain way to avoid leaving a trail. Anyway it’s done and I’ll show it to Morton tomorrow.”
“Good. Have you thought any more about when you can join Bio-Cure?”
“Yes, I’ll demand a bonus from Morton tomorrow. Even if he agrees, I’ll tell him it is derisory for someone who saved his career. My demand will not be possible. I’ll get really angry and walk out. A couple of hours later I’ll hand him my notice of resignation. If he asks to discuss it I’ll refuse and when he reminds me of confidentiality agreements I’ll acknowledge this in a side letter to my resignation, as long as he gives me a glowing reference. I think we should wait two weeks before I undergo an official job interview, but I can begin consulting soon.”
“Ok, that sounds good. I’m quite concerned about the police at present, as they are sniffing around what was in Alistair’s briefcase when he died. If they ever find evidence that he and Price made this deal with you for the Directory, I’ll have to stumble on it after turning the house upside down. So I need the insurance of a second copy. They will probably search the house themselves and any computer systems at home, and in the office to see if it had been downloaded. I could use your help in cleansing these systems, so that they are satisfied that I knew nothing about the Directory.”
“Alright, that’s no problem. I’ll do it before I come for the interview.”
*
Seth Graham and Eddie Finley were weighing up their options. Firstly, they pondered how Jackson could obtain the code. Then there was the scanner offer which was now priced too high, as they would not even acknowledge that they had their people at the old hospital, let alone be implicated in a wider investigation. They demanded proof of Jackson’s claim. Forster’s reply was curt and indicated that both the Colony and the police were keen to get this information. This changed the dynamic of the exchange. Graham and Finley knew what they were looking for, but began to consider what the police might want. They were pretty sure Banks would not have told anyone of his acquisition of the Directory, as they themselves only knew of it from Peter Beresford. And he in turn had found out through an unknown contact, and this person was absolutely certain that Banks wanted to keep the lid on it, until he was ready to use it. 
“Eddie, we wanted the merger stuff, but that is nullified now by Vivienne Banks announcement of the takeover of the German company. That is what Beresford wanted in the first place, but it became an obsession when his son-in-law ignored him. The Directory is potentially far more valuable in bringing down this government. So even before we consider this latest move, we must know how Jackson’s claim can be verified. Even if we are satisfied and we could open the case, we can’t have the plods present, or the whole purpose is rendered useless. If we go along with their claim in principle, they have to agree to allow us to open the case before handing it over to them, and they are not going to agree to that. It is a lock-jam.”
“Not completely, one of their objectives must be to determine if Baumann is alive and whether they can negotiate his release. I think we should get rid of him now, and cut off that risk. If we can be sure Jackson has access to the code, we could use Beresford’s death to our advantage. Let’s say that it was him, the boss, who wanted the merger stopped. He had found out where Banks was going to his meeting with Baumann, and sent two of his personal bodyguards to appropriate the briefcase. Then the truth, he was dead when they got there, and they had to get the body out as the briefcase was double chained to his wrist and they had to meet Jackson at the old hospital. There was no time for them to sever the chain and they had no tools anyway. It was a room in a small hotel. They just had to get out. The entire cock-up must have led to Beresford’s suicide, as his daughter had blamed him for her husband’s death. This would give them a new murder scene at the hotel in the centre of London to investigate. We can wrap it up by telling them where we hired the limo, without needing to compromise the driver. I’m sure that they would jump at the chance to get forensics on to that car. If we are so cooperative we can demand that they let us open the case before handing it and the contents over, minus the Directory. Either way, as you said, the whole shooting match depends on proof that Jackson can deliver the code.”
“I suppose it does no harm to see what they come up with when we ask for that proof.” 
“Should I take care of Baumann?”
“Yes, he can’t offer us anything more, other than trouble. We must make sure he becomes untraceable.”
Finley immediately arranged for the disappearance. He was blindfolded and told he was being transferred to another location. As he stood, the thug with the East European dialect twisted his neck abruptly and it cracked as he slumped to the floor. The thug took off his gloves and burned them while the other one brought in a rug and a large plastic sheet. Having trussed up the corpse, they put it in the back of a transit van, alongside some ropes and heavy weights. They drove to the Norfolk Broads and checked into a hostelry for the night. The evening cloud cover conveniently obscured the winter moon and allowed them to push the van quietly to a slight incline. They freewheeled down the slope until it was safe to bump start the vehicle. They drove around eight miles until they found an isolated access point to the canal. With the weights securely fastened, the corpse was rolled gently into the water and made its way to the bottom with only a few bubbles to testify as to Heinrich Baumann’s final resting place. They returned to the hostelry to change clothes, leaving the van some distance away. As they had paid the bill in advance they left and walked to the vehicle. Arriving back in the Midwest, they had arranged for a lift back into the city. They set the transit van and their discarded clothes ablaze near to an old overgrown building in the middle of nowhere, and left.
Having been advised that the mission was accomplished, Finley told Graham they were clear to recommence negotiations. They would make contact mid-morning, and begin with what assurances could be provided on Jackson’s veracity – citing their suspicion of him angling for a deal. They already knew he would want to make a deal with the Colony, because even in prison they could make life extremely awkward for him. The ball was in Forster’s court
.
Chapter 35
Thursday November 22nd 2018

Chen went through his charade with the Home Secretary and was quite convincing in displaying pique at the prospect of not receiving a substantial bonus. 
“I found this bloody problem and have fixed it by working all hours of the day and night. How much is your career worth? I am not prepared to accept a pat on the back or a Starbucks coffee voucher. Nobody else could have got you out of this deep shit.” He was correct in his assumption that Morton was more relieved about his own skin being saved than he was about hanging on to Chen’s services. “Look Sir, I don’t see any future here if this is your attitude toward your staff. I thought when I came here that my prospects would be determined on ability and performance. It seems as if I must reconsider my position.”
“Listen Wah, there is a scale of remuneration which can’t be breached. You have to be realistic in your demands.”
“Oh I see, so the bankers still get bonuses for outstanding failure, but success, or prevention of failure counts for nothing here. I’m taking the rest of the day off, as I’m well in credit for flexitime.” He walked out, and there was no protest from Morton, who only had a conversation with the Prime Minister on his mind.
*
Sam Gibson took a call from uniform to say they had found Inas Servil. He thanked them and said he was headed for the town centre. The officer told him there were monstrous traffic problems and it would be quicker to bring her to the incident room with the aid of their klaxons. Having seated her in the warmth of the canteen, and plied her with a mug of hot tea, she asked if he wanted to see her about her sister’s body. “We still haven’t been told when it will be released. It’s very annoying.”
“Well, strictly speaking, I have no jurisdiction over her murder, but that could change if we can establish something which I already suspect. If that proves to be wrong then I’ll try to find out more information for you if I can. Now, can I ask if Nisha moved to London, or did you move to Newcastle?”
“She moved down there a long time ago, in early 2010, I think.”
“Do you remember why she wanted to go?”
“Well, I’m much younger than Nisha, and at that time I was very sad for her. My mum said it was trouble with her boyfriend. She still used to visit us, and over the years she confided in me that she would love to come back, but she was scared. This boyfriend wasn’t really a normal boyfriend. She hardly saw him except when he wanted it. When she decided to move on, he threatened her.”
“In what way did he threaten your sister?”
“He said he would spread rumours about her ‘being easy’ at first, and that is bad for a Muslim girl, and then he sent a letter to her employer saying that she was a petty thief, having stolen valuable items from his home. Finally, he said if he couldn’t have her, then nobody else would either. She managed to placate him by pretending to change her mind, and asked her employer to transfer her to London.”
“Oh, and who was her employer at that time?”
“Northumbrian Water, she worked in the office as a clerk, so they had lots of contacts with other water authorities and were sympathetic in view of the false allegations in the letter her boyfriend sent them. I think she joined Thames Water a few months after she moved; she just wanted to get away from him.”
“What was his name?”
“I can’t remember, I was only about ten at that time, and I was more interested in other things. I didn’t like him so I tried to be out whenever he came.”
“Would your parents know?”
“They would have, but they have both passed away since then.”
“You have been very helpful Inas, I’ll speak to my colleagues in London to see if I can get any idea when they hope to release her body.”
*
Forster received the Colony’s challenge to provide credible evidence that Vic Jackson could obtain the briefcase code. It wasn’t unexpected and was in fact returned with interest. He gave his message to the courier; it said: ‘We can’t provide this for one simple reason – he won’t deal with us. We’ve already charged him with murder and he will stand trial. He doesn’t trust us to communicate with you, feeling that we would simply bury his bargaining power with you. It’s been made clear that we would like to see the content, but it’s not a massive priority. His refusal to let us act as a go-between effectively rules us out of any kind of verification. You know that we know he was acting on your instructions in travelling to London to meet with your people. You won’t allow us to talk to these men, and we can’t verify how he will provide the code. We can’t let you visit him in custody, so it looks like we are stuck. If anything changes we will re-engage.’ Forster hoped this would test their resolve.
*
Halliwell-Jones rang Bradstock to say that things had picked up pace. 
“We may be looking at this weekend. The chemicals are said to be in France right now and we have our people ready to override border control when we know for certain that they are on the ferry. Once they are clearly on their way to the Midwest, I will signal the altered status, from hold to go. Please don’t brief your people or move resources before that. You will have all of the photographs to match the names and addresses first thing tomorrow, so that you can study the deployment plans. We can’t afford many more contacts with our man without causing suspicion.”
Bradstock was in a trance; it was all registering but not gelling. He tried to protest. “You don’t seem to be very conversant with how armed response units work in the police force. This kind of ‘it will be alright on the night’ stuff may be fine for capturing the odd spy, but coordination of an operation of this magnitude and complexity needs a rock solid chain of command. I don’t get the feeling that we will instil such rigour if we try to assemble all units just a few hours before going into action.”
“Well that is how it has to be I’m afraid. It is too important to risk failure by uncontained information dissemination. The country will judge us Bradstock, not merely the Prime Minister. I wish it could be different too, but it isn’t. I will get back to you tomorrow.”
*
Stephanie’s carpet samples had arrived and been rushed to Donoghue. He could visually rule out four of the seven, and said that the other three would require chemical tests as well as electron microscope examination. She asked which manufacturers were involved with the three for further tests. 
“I don’t know D.C. Baker. I never look at the names before I have the results. We have to avoid any kind of predisposition, even unconscious or subliminal preferences. I will let you know if and when I have a match.”
*
Renton asked Eva Roberts if she was up for a long shot. “We detectives tend to look at profilers as working with the evidence in mind, and credit ourselves as sticking strictly to the evidence. How do you feel about Eric Palmer’s evidence, when he was sitting in the dark beside the Gibside Priory murder scene?”
“I can’t say that I have strong feelings at all, why do you ask?”
“He took a long time to come and talk to us because he said the body was not reported until maybe two days later. He also said that from his vantage point after he sneaked away, the talking stopped and he assumed the two men had settled their differences. However the taller man had a gun. That would not have convinced me that it was a simple case of settling an argument. I’d like to reconstruct the scenario to some degree by sitting on the bench he sat on, determining what I could see and hear, and then repeat that at the embankment he used to check out the situation again. I was thinking of visiting the site at the same time he did. Would you be interested in looking over my shoulder? I would ask one of my officers but I think they would be worried about my state of mind.”
“Ok, but I’m not sure what to read into me being first choice.”
“Right, then let’s do it tonight.” He looked up restaurants in the area because he figured they might need sustenance if it was all to be done on foot. He reserved a table at Ristorante Bellini; it was Eva Roberts’ choice. 
“I find Italian food helps expand my mind and I get the impression that sitting in the dark and talking to each other from a distance will require mind-expanding culinary compensation.” 
*
Graham and Finley debated whether the bartering ritual was at an end. Graham was less enthusiastic about the prospects of an exchange. 
“I can’t see how we are going to get the code from Jackson even if he has it. I think this is over Eddie. We should revisit this scanner proposal, which they offered and then pulled out of; if that is a no-go, I suggest we leave it for now.”
“Listen Seth, it’s up to them to find a way to get the code to us that would make Jackson feel comfortable. I think it is too early to back off altogether. I never really liked the scanner idea because it meant we had to let the briefcase out of our hands. If they took it and put it in front of Jackson, he may have been offered a deal. Also they are downplaying the importance the information has for them, but I don’t believe it. They’re getting nowhere with these killings. As I said earlier, we can trade one piece of information - where we hired the limo from, as and when they come up with an acceptable way for Jackson to pass the code to us, without the fuzz knowing what it is. Let’s just be patient for now.” Graham agreed to a hiatus in communication.
Chapter 36

Clive Donoghue rushed to the phone. “Jack you need to get someone in Durham on to the internet right now, someone who is a subscriber to the social networking site ‘Bullet-Point.’ There’s a message about the killings which seems to be genuine. We’re working on it right now, and it looks like a new subscriber, with details that don’t add up. The message was posted from an I.P. address which corresponds to an internet facility in the Metro Centre. It looks like it’s going viral. I’ll get back to you when we have more.”
Renton got Stephanie into the office and called Cousins to attend. The message read: ‘The final act of the Alistair Banks saga is under way. It will announce itself to the world very soon. It could have been prevented, but we can say that about so many things in life. My friend, Inspector Renton has really tried, but I now know that I made the trail too obscure. At least people may remember the reason for all of this misery, even if they do not sympathise with my foul prosecution of the apathetic and the guilty. I will join my victims in the coming days and I hope that it shows I did not simply want revenge. Sentinel.’ 
Stephanie said she thought this would have been withdrawn by the provider because of its content, but agreed with Donoghue that if it wasn’t taken off soon it was going viral. Cousins flopped into a chair and shook his head. Eva Roberts read it through several times before she said anything. 
“I think Sentinel is unable to carry on with the increasingly bizarre butchery. There’s an anger and frustration that people can’t see the world the way they should. I’ve been convinced all along that this is a crusade, and one which cannot succeed. It will end in suicide, very soon or in the not too distant future.”
Renton was utterly disconsolate when his son called to say he had read the message.
“Hello, Dad, I hope you aren’t taking this too seriously. There are idiots like this on the internet all of the time. It’s probably someone who gets off on stirring up trouble.”
“Thanks Daniel. Tell your Mum that I’ll call her tomorrow. I think I’m going to be a little busy today, even if you’re right.”
“Ok, I hope to see you tomorrow.”
The phones were jammed. The message had been taken off the Bullet-Point boards, but not in time to prevent the media from whipping up Sentinel mania. Cousins took Renton out of the firing line and said he would handle the press. “Just disappear for a few hours Jack and come back in tomorrow.”
Renton turned to Eva Roberts. 
“Maybe sitting on a bench on the Derwent Walk isn’t so stupid after all.” They left for the refuge of ‘downtown Rowlands Gill.’ They parked next to the viaduct and walked up the hill to the village centre. It was dark despite the best efforts of the moon to chase away the clouds. They spotted the atmospheric lights of Ristorante Bellini and crossed the main road, carefully scanning for evidence that they had been followed. The proprietor, Giuseppe Monteleone, welcomed them and asked if they had been before. He showed them to a corner table. The cosy ambience was in sharp contrast to the mayhem they had left behind in Durham. Eva Roberts glanced around and counted twenty-six other diners; it was 6.45 pm, and they had taken advantage of the happy hour. Renton explained that they were in a little bit of a hurry. 
“We need to leave at about eight, so what would you recommend?” 
Joe, as the regular clients knew him, said that many of those already eating had gone for the three course special, and also made them aware that it was all authentic Italian cuisine; he then handed them the a la carte menu. 
“We also have some special items which are not too well known here, but quite popular where I was born in Sicily. How about starting with Arancini and a herb dip? And then, I can recommend Tortellini alla Crema sprinkled with basil to follow?” 
They both liked the sound of that and asked for a glass of house red, with some aqua frizzante. The feeling of detachment was certainly helped by the easy atmosphere, and strains of Il Divo, but as Maria poured the wine for their approval she heard Eva remark that Monteleone was an unusual name. Maria knew what was coming. Joe completed their escapism with his party piece. 
“Yes, but it is not unusual in one region of Italy. Near Cesena, there is a mountain with a famous castle – Castello Monteleone. It sits at the very top, and the village has a restaurant by the same name. There is a plaque which tells of a famous visitor called Lord Byron, and that he was so fond of the place that he came many times, and eventually married a daughter of the Monteleone family. So you see I might be a tiny part English.” 
When she was sure the tale was finished Maria rushed to fill their glasses with more fortification. By the time they had mustered enough resistance to decline the array of desserts, the place was full, and they were pretty well insulated for the vigil on the bench. On the one hand, it seemed pretty pointless, but they needed a sanctuary to think what else they could do in the rapidly shrinking time they had left before the threatened piece de resistance emerged.
The moon was getting the upper hand with the dispersing cloud, and as they crossed the viaduct they tried to relive Eric Palmer’s description. The first thing which cropped up was the difference in the visibility from the bench compared to where Palmer had said the two men descended toward the Priory. The bench only offered a view through trees and bushes, whereas the bankside descent framed the ruin perfectly, even in the relative darkness. When Renton walked toward the ruin and talked back to Eva, she could not really make out everything he said once he was past halfway. They decided they must have the wrong descent point. This one was further from the bench than Palmer had mentioned. As Renton was returning to the Walk, he cut across the meadow to where Eva had indicated the next descent point. He stood on something which caused him to utter a profanity. He had turned his ankle on some hard object. When he bent down to hold his foot he saw it; a gun was nestling in the centre of the group of small bushes he had cut through. He asked Eva if she had any unused tissues which he could use without adding his own fingerprints. She obliged and he carefully picked up the gun. When they got back to the Walk he said it felt very light, and in pulling back the tissue he was even more certain it was a replica, and not a real pistol. He still wanted Donoghue to check it out, and an explanation as to why it had never been spotted at the scene when Andrew Todd’s body was found.
They continued with the reconstruction and when they ascended to the vantage point of the embankment, before the bridge over the Walk, they confirmed that Palmer would not have been able to hear any conversation at all. However the view was clear and the moonlight picked out the pale stone of the ruin effectively. He could have seen both men from this perch.
*
With Bradstock in suspended animation, Forster in a war of silence, Cousins battling the media, and Renton temporarily displaced by the thermals of the Derwent Walk, the real activity had almost ground to a halt. Almost but not quite. Sam Gibson had tried to contact Renton all day, before he heard about the message on Bullet-Point. He was now desperate to speak to him. He had suffered a flash of inspiration. When he failed to run Nisha’s former boyfriend to ground, he thought about checking the Newcastle hospital records of Younis Khan at the same time Inas had said her sister was in the northeast. In 2010, Khan’s illustrious persona took a jolt. There were several complaints that year from patients who were subjected to his experimental therapy, for certain mental health conditions. The outcome was very carefully worded, but still wreaked of him moving on to avoid focus on the hospital management. Sam wanted Renton’s permission to go to London to do more digging on Nisha Servil and Younis Khan.
Chapter 37
Friday November 23rd 2018

Bradstock received the call he was dreading. It was 3.35 am. “It is all stations go Nigel. I take it you have the list I referred to yesterday. The product is well on its way to the Midwest. I will alert you when it is entering Birmingham, but you can begin to deploy your armed response teams at the agreed launch points within the hour.”
“I knew we would end up in a last minute keystone cops situation. This notice is completely unacceptable. I am going to state this in my report, regardless of the outcome.”
“Stop the lecturing and get a grip man, I need you to command your units to move in as soon as we secure the Mosque. It’s not James Bond Nigel, you only have to arrest a few extremists who won’t expect you at breakfast time, and they are unlikely to have arms stashed at their homes. They are too wily for that.”
“It is the damned logistics I’m talking about, I have to get my men out of bed and hope to hell none of them have last minute problems, such as gastro-enteritis. They wouldn’t be the only ones who are shitting themselves.” 
“That’s more like it, keep the adrenalin going. I will update you in an hour.”
*
The area outside the incident room was besieged with news people from national and local organisations. The mood inside was eerie. Sam Gibson got his wish to travel to London and as he left he was followed to the Central Station in Newcastle. When he boarded the train, this was interpreted as significant and immediately reported. Donoghue came to see Renton with his apology for the gun being overlooked by his people. 
“There is no excuse, and they’ve been made aware of their sloppy performance. I am afraid the toy gun is clean. It looks like it may have been intended to give us false hope. I’ll file it but I can’t really see how it can help us. I’m not finished the tests on the limousine fibres yet, but there is a complication there as well. The ones which I found on Banks’ clothing had an equal ratio of black and grey. The three which look closest have a more variable distribution. When I put this to the manufacturers, they said they had responded to our request for black/grey carpet which has a randomly mottled pattern. They think that what I have from Banks is something they call Venetian; it is fixed stripes of black and grey. The really bad news is that all three car manufacturers use the random and Venetian grades, albeit through different distributors. New samples are on their way.”
*
Chen handed Morton his resignation and the Home Secretary read it with a matter of fact expression on his face. He had been congratulated by the P.M. and now needed to settle a few scores with cabinet colleagues. “I see, well I don’t suppose I can talk you out of it Wah, so I had better get that reference you requested typed.”
“I would like to read it first to make sure that it partially compensates for not receiving any bonus. It would be a pity if it got out that I had done a magnificent job, but did not merit a bonus or a glowing reference.” He read it and was pleasantly surprised at the content. Morton insisted on shaking hands and departing for a meeting. Chen was amazed at the talentless people who were running the country. He waited for the letter of recommendation to be sealed and headed for Newcastle to bed down until the interview.
*
Graham and Finley had not received any further contact regarding the briefcase and began to turn their attention to the kidnap plan. They decided to raise the fee, rather than employ second tier contractors. It did fuel more interest and they began to concentrate on the target. One had stood out from the point of view of the snatch itself. Petra Ahmedani lived less than quarter of a mile from school and walked the journey there and back. She was often unaccompanied by parents and when she turned into the street where she lived, her school friends continued along the main road. A waiting car could literally open the door, pull her in and drive away without much chance of being seen. A stolen car and false plates would be needed. The bargaining over the fee commenced.
*
Jack Renton asked Eva Roberts to elaborate on her near certainty that Sentinel would commit suicide. She confessed that this case was different to any other she had worked on. 
“I can’t back this up with evidence or precedent, but there’s a haunting expression of fear in the prose. Sentinel is afraid; just as much or even more than we are. It has consistently built up during the killings, and it’s now realised that you are not going to prevent the final murder. I’m certain it has already happened. The agony expressed is not self-pity; it’s over this wrong which has not been corrected, by you in making an arrest, or by Sentinel in bringing public attention to the cause. I’m equally sure that we will find out why this is the case, but after the event.”
“I tend to agree with you about finding out after the event. Otherwise we need a miracle, and in my experience they don’t arrive on time, if at all. It’s the inertia which is bugging me; I can’t focus on doing anything which appears to be remotely constructive.”
*
He did not have to wait long before the ripples began to spread. Although it was early afternoon, the news came at 8.30 am, New York time. A parcel had been delivered by air freight and onward routing by courier from JFK airport. The lady in the mail room was sure that this parcel warranted the security people to run their checks. They were called in and could not detect presence of explosives with their various gadgets. The sniffer dog also drew a blank. The alert came from the mail room lady because the box was addressed directly to David J. Horton, Chief Group Corporate Officer of Gladstone-Klein International. The security men decided to be safe rather than sorry and brought in an expert explosives squad. They confirmed the previous negative assessment and when they employed a new type of scanning device, the contents became obvious. It was a human head. The police were called and their forensics people opened the box with great care. When the head was lifted out there were screams from those peering through the mail room window. The head was still covered in a thin layer of frost from the transatlantic flight and the relatively short journey into the city. There was a note:
‘Mr Horton, next time you employ a head-hunter to run Gladstone-Klein UK, you really must do better. Sentinel.’ 
The head of Donald Price did not project a peaceful death. The ears had been removed, and the eyes conveyed a picture of terror. It also begged the question of where his body might be.
Renton was entering denial. He wanted all possible units to begin a search, but did not know where. He was eventually persuaded by Eva Roberts to sit down and accept that it was all over except for Sentinel’s suicide. The American TV was still spewing out updates on the discovery, and Stephanie shouted for everyone to hush. The reporter outlined Donald Price’s known itinerary. David Horton was expecting him today. He was supposed to have been travelling to head office via a client’s premises by car. That client had checked with the UK office and been assured that he had left as planned for the United States. It was a mystery, until immigration confirmed he had not passed through their checkpoints since his previous visit. This implied that he had never left the UK, or at least his body hadn’t. Everyone in the incident room seemed incapable of doing anything, including Cousins. It was the calm before the hurricane.
Renton went to Price’s property alone. There was already a gathering, including Hepworth and his wife, Parrish and Vivienne Banks. He felt that he was intruding, but pressed on with the need to ask a few questions. His heart wasn’t in it and they detected this, so he actually got a better reception than anticipated. 
“I am very sorry Mrs Price. I can’t imagine what you are going through. I’ll just ask you a couple of routine questions and leave; if you can’t bear to do this I’ll come back tomorrow.”
“I may as well get it over with Inspector.”
“Donald was supposed to fly from Newcastle to New York. Was this via Heathrow?”
“No, he was going through Amsterdam.”
“Did you expect him to call you when he arrived?”
“Not really, he is away so much that he normally waits until he gets to his hotel.”
“Did he seem apprehensive about anything when he left? I only ask because he was unhappy when I asked him to produce his receipt for his purchase in London. He seemed to be much more on edge than I had seen him previously.”
“He didn’t want to go because it was a routine quarterly meeting. He had suggested saving money for the UK operation, because there wasn’t anything to report that he hadn’t made them aware of in his monthly précis. He wanted to set an example to his employees in the UK, as they looked at these things as a bit of a jolly. He wasn’t upset, just rather resigned to going, and wasting money.”
“Well thank you once again. I’ll let you know of anything we find out which can help you come to terms with this tragedy.”
As he was leaving, Vivienne Banks got up to let him out. She walked him to the door and out to his car. 
“You may want to call me after I get back to the office.”
*
Donoghue had his new carpet samples and they all looked exactly the same under the electron microscope. The chemical tests were also identical. He couldn’t really get any further, so he had to inform Renton that they almost certainly came from a Chrysler, Mercedes, or Jaguar limousine. 
Renton said, “It’s typical of our luck Clive. I think we’re all exhausted, and it doesn’t seem quite so important to apprehend this killer if the spree is over, apart from the intended suicide. I shouldn’t say this, but I don’t have a lot of enthusiasm to save the life of such an apology for a human being. I can’t imagine the taxpayers wanting to keep such a monster at their expense for a lifetime.”
*
Halliwell-Jones came through on cue and fired the starting pistol. “We are going into the Mosque in two minutes. It is quite full, and some of the attendees will try to use their mobiles, so I think you should go now. Good luck.”
“Thank God this is finally underway. Get back to me when the Mosque is secure.” 
The operation went incredibly well. All of the targets expected in the Mosque were now in custody. Bradstock’s men were slightly less successful, but they only failed to snare three of the named individuals. The airports and ports were on alert to pick them up, and there would be an extremely intensive manhunt in the Midwest. It was still the second item on the news behind Donald Price’s beheading, but it did register with the Colony. Graham and Finley realised what a narrow escape this was. If they had pressed on with the kidnap and subsequent suicide bombing at the same Mosque, they may have possibly killed hundreds of people, including government forces. The enquiry into such carnage would have carried a high risk of exposing them through informers. They didn’t need to announce the aborted plot, as all contacts simply evaporated.
*
There was still a continuous flow of information and inquisition from the United States over Price’s head being delivered by courier. The journalists demanded to know how T.I.F. (Transatlantic International Forwarding) could have collected and delivered something of this nature without having any idea what it was. Stephanie rang the regional office on the Team Valley Trading estate, but their phones must have been hot, as she couldn’t get through. She was going to go there in person when Jack Renton called everyone together. 
“I just wanted to let you all know that Eva Roberts is leaving the investigation tomorrow morning, as she believes that she can no longer help in apprehending the killer, but I’ll leave her to explain why. I just wanted to thank her for what she has contributed, just as I want to do with the rest of you. As you all know, I’m pretty sceptical of any police methodology which does not rigidly follow the evidence all of the time. However, none of us have experienced a case like this before, and I’ve learned new things from her. I have this awful nagging feeling that we’re so close to a real breakthrough, and some of that confidence has come from her analysis. If we’ve failed, it may be by the narrowest of margins. Time will tell. Even though we may feel downcast right now, we have to pick ourselves up and keep punching. Mrs Price and all the families of the other victims deserve no less.” He handed the floor to Eva.
“First I would like to thank you all for making me feel welcome during these last few days. I’ve never witnessed anything like this case before either, so that’s something we have shared. The only reason I’m leaving is that I believe Sentinel will attempt suicide now, and that could be very soon, as the internet post indicated, or it could be at some pre-planned time from now. You don’t need my input for that, and we have to move on. I hope you can still identify this killer before suicide is enacted, and anyway, despite the clear intent in the internet message there could be a change of heart. If that’s the case and I’m still welcome, I will return in a flash.”
Stephanie grabbed Renton and asked his opinion about T.I.F. 
“The news said the parcel was collected. We should check it out Sir.” He smiled and nodded. He then remembered to call Vivienne Banks. Ever the opportunist, she saw a chance to close the book on the copy of the Genetic Profile Directory Alistair had procured from Price. 
“Inspector, thanks for calling. I couldn’t say anything at the Price household, but I think you ought to know that he attempted to blackmail me over something he and Alistair had cooked up. You need to see it for yourself. Can you come to the office?” 
He agreed and set off immediately. On the way he reminded himself of his promise to see Jane and Daniel in the evening and he also wanted to visit Ben Adams. When he arrived Vivienne had the programme ready to load. 
“What I am about to show you is political dynamite, and if you need verification of the blackmail attempt by Price, Julian Hepworth was present, and I’m sure he will corroborate my assertion.” The screen began flashing up data and then halted at a page denoting that it was confidential property of the government with the appropriate status classification. The title page was next and it needed only those three words – Genetic Profile Directory, to prompt Renton to ask her to kill the programme. 
“It is more than political dynamite; it is coveted by some very dangerous people. Where did you get this?”
“I told you that Alistair left the briefcase with the merger agreement and the bond with me, while he took the empty one. This directory was something he didn’t mention to me, and logically, I suppose it should have been in Bowman’s case with other intellectual property. However, having seen it when I opened the case Alistair left with me, I can see why he didn’t give it to Harry. I didn’t tell you about it at the time because I didn’t know what the hell to do with it. Then Price turned up and tried to put the squeeze on Hepworth in his new position, claiming my husband had agreed to pay him to get the damn thing, and he was owed the balance of his fee. I really didn’t know what to do. It must sound awful, but I wasn’t going to be railroaded by him, and I wasn’t disappointed to see him dead, but not like that. He offered no real proof of what he said about Alistair, and he didn’t know I had discovered that proof. I was intending to beat him down to a much smaller sum but I decided I was going to inform the police.”
“I suppose you realise this gives you a motive for killing him. What was the amount he claims to have agreed with your husband?”
“He was paid £200,000 up front and said the balance was £800,000.”
“A substantial motive then.”
“Yes, that’s why I’m telling you this. He didn’t know that I was going to blow the whistle on him after he had accepted the money. I would have expected the law to return my money in full if I had proof of his extortion.”
“So what are you going to do with this Directory now?”
“I think you know the answer to that Inspector. I’m giving it to you.”
Chapter 38

The media were camped around the T.I.F. building, but Stephanie pushed her way to the reception area and flashed her badge. She was met by the depot manager who had the address of the collection point with him. She took it and said she may be back to see the full flow of paperwork. The address was for a lock-up under the Tyne Bridge. The name she had was James Harvey. When she got there it was indeed locked up, and on speaking to the people in the neighbouring units, she found that he had a haulage business in Dunston. At last Stephanie located Harvey, only to find that he sublet the lock-up. “I started my business from there a long time ago, and when I moved I didn’t want to sell it, so I let it. The latest fella pays me cash, he is a good tenant.”
“What is his name?”
“I haven’t a clue. He pays cash over the odds, on the dot every month. He doesn’t talk much and I don’t ask questions.”
“Do you know what he keeps in there?”
“I sometimes check. He installed an inner door made of polycarbonate so it is see-through. We both have keys for the outer door, but only he has keys for the inner one. He just seems to store personal stuff in there. I have seen a couple of expensive bikes, weightlifting benches, and running gear. He has a portable gas heater and a fridge freezer as well. He sometimes parks his car there and then goes into town apparently; I suppose it saves him car parking fees. What’s all this about?”
“We just need to speak with him urgently. Thanks for your help.” She raced back to Durham and ran up the stairs rather than wait for the elevator. 
“Sir, can we go to your office?”
“Sure.” She followed him and closed the door.
“We must be close Sir.” Having related the conversation with Harvey, Renton nodded, and she continued, “We need a search warrant immediately. I just know Price’s body is in that freezer.”
“Hold on Steph, you don’t know that, but I agree with you, it is worth a warrant. What make of car does this guy park there?”
“Shit, I didn’t ask. I don’t think Harvey knows but the people in the next unit might. I’ll check it out. Can we go for the warrant?”
“Do it.”
*
Chen phoned Vivienne and said he was on his way north. She asked him to go house hunting and stay away from Bio-Cure for now. 
“Donald Price’s death has thrown everything into a different orbit up here. I’ve had the police here and they’ll be back again, I’m sure. When you get settled into a hotel as a base to look for a suitable abode, call me and we can meet. Pay for the hotel yourself and we’ll reimburse you when the police interest cools.”
“Ok, it was quite a shock about Donald but I can’t pretend to be devastated. I simply did not like the man. I’ll ring when I get there.”
*
Renton contacted Forster and astounded him once more with Vivienne Banks’ latest rabbit out of the hat. “Well, Jack, that’s a timely piece of good news. We were trying to figure out a deal with the Colony whereby they would trade something for Jackson being able to give them the code for the briefcase. This kind of makes that redundant.”
“Yes, but she gave me the bloody Directory. I need to get rid of it and thought Bradstock might want to claim the glory. What do you think?”
“I’m sure he would, but there is the small matter of keeping Baumann alive, if that is possible. It would be the end for him if we went public with this right now. I’ll let you tell him that you have the Directory; he owes you one. Then I’ll discuss with him what we are going to do with it. The charade with Jackson could still be the best bet if it gives us a chance to get Baumann out. Do you think you can persuade him to play along?”
“There’s nothing to lose. I’ll speak to Jackson after I call Bradstock.”
Nigel Bradstock could not believe his luck. He had snatched victory from the jaws of certain oblivion. The terrorist plot had been unravelled, and the long, agonising hunt for the Genetic Profile Directory had ended by the programme falling gently into his lap. He hardly gave a thought to how he had victimised D.C.I. Renton while trying to prevent him from unintentionally exposing its existence by following the trail to Cologne. The unexpected bonus had been the ricochet through the grapevine that a major incident may possibly have been inadvertently avoided in the very same Mosque. He basked in the restoration of his arrogant persona and would be speaking to the Prime Minister at the earliest opportunity.
“Well done Renton; bloody well done. I know you have had a hard time with this American situation, but rest assured I will keep things under control. Now, how are we going to proceed with this Directory?”
“Well Sir, I’d be grateful if you and Forster could come to retrieve it. We don’t want anything to go wrong now that we have it, and I would like to bring you up to date with Eva Roberts’ final assessment. She’s leaving tomorrow and I think you should see exactly where we stand on the Sentinel situation.” Bradstock agreed and Forster had his chance to delay Nigel’s premature bid for glory. They set off for Durham and left the Colony to ponder on whether the contents of the briefcase really were a priority for the police.
*
When Jackson was confronted with the request, he did not reply immediately. Thinking that this indicated another ‘no comment’ situation, Renton got up to leave. 
“Let me get this right. I give these guys a code in order to ingratiate myself with them, and it’s the wrong code. This briefcase self-destructs and they blame me. That doesn’t sound like a good deal to me.”
“No, but what if you gave them the right code?”
“And how do I get that?”
“I can get it for you.”
“Then why don’t you give it to them yourself?”
“Vic, you can remember the man at the old hospital who was hanging on to the briefcase as though his life depended on it. Well his life still depends on getting the case open. These people don’t trust the police and that’s good because we can’t be seen to enter into such joint ventures, but a man’s life is at stake. It isn’t dissimilar to ransom discussions for a kidnap. There’s no pressure, it’s your call.”
“Mmm, I’ll think about it.”
*
Renton was gambling that Vivienne could give him the correct code. She had continually kept back information throughout the investigation, and he had her motive for killing Price plus possession of classified government property to persuade her. She tried to stall his request to discuss the matter, but he persevered. 
“You could be in serious trouble Vivienne. It will be very difficult to persuade Nigel Bradstock not to charge you over this, unless you help yourself by helping him. What difference does it make to you? Well, you could save Harry Bowman’s life, and anyway you haven’t denied that you know the code. From what Julian Hepworth told me about the design you can reset the code on the one you have. So why do you need to protect this information?”
“I don’t have to. I just want to get even with those people who threatened my husband, by denying them the satisfaction of opening the case. I know they will find nothing in there, but that would mean they’ll come after me, now that I’m running the company, even though we’re not moving the business. It would be better for me if they destroyed it by not being able to resist opening it.”
“Are you willing to sentence Harry Bowman to death by your intransigence?”
“Perhaps his intransigence cost Alistair his life. How do I know? Anyway it’s a hypothetical question, because we don’t even know if he’s still alive.”
“That’s true. I have an alternative suggestion. If you give me the documents which you say you have shredded – the merger agreement and the bond, I’ll re-unite them with the Directory. If you also give me the code, I’ll pass it to Jackson, and he passes it on to them. He gets credit for that, but when they find nothing, the police reveal that we impounded Alistair’s reserve case immediately after his death. All you did was help us with the code and you didn’t know what was in that case – it was just a spare. Alistair fooled everyone except the police, and we organised the sting. If we can pull this off, you are in the clear, Jackson is in the clear, and they realise that the information is now devalued. They hate us anyway, so we have nothing to lose. What we have to gain is even the tiniest chance to save Harry. Simple is best, and all we need to do is convince them that we knew this from the start and used it to extract information from them. The beauty is that they will insist on us not being present when they open the case. I have to remind you Vivienne, that the adverse publicity of your arrest for having that Directory before your acquisition is completed will be very unhelpful. You will still have to convince us that you have been blackmailed over the Directory.”
“You have a very persuasive argument Inspector, but it all hinges on me having the merger and bond documents.”
“Yes, I’m just relying on your track record so far. What you need to worry about is what else we may charge you with unless you begin to change your strategy and get it all off your chest. We have little time left to get this maniac who killed your husband and all of the others. Decide now, so I know if I have to ask you to come to the station and read you your rights.”
“You win Inspector Renton.”
“It’s poker, and it will be the same with the Colony. Now what is the code?”
“Left 207, Right 356. Alistair wanted to make sure it was never written down but easily accessed. He told me what it was, but in the event that I forgot, he indicated I should look up the recognised birth date of Alexander the Great on the internet. It was typical of his showy personality; he probably believed he was Alistair the Great. It no longer matters whether you write it down, so go ahead.”
“Thanks, and now the documents.”
She opened the house safe and handed him the negotiating ammunition. He left to convince Jackson before Bradstock and Forster arrived. He saw them as the bigger stumbling block. Without revealing where he got the code he ran through the rest of the plan, and Jackson began to believe he had to weigh up what he had to gain and lose. 
“How do they get the code from me?”
“I still have to think that through in detail but I have a plan. However, I need an answer from you before I finesse the handover. You have to decide now or we have to go another route. Our time is running out and so is yours.” He agreed to participate purely because of the personal fear he had of what may happen to him during incarceration. It was all down to Renton’s ability to come up with a credible exchange mechanism, which would also deliver further information on Baumann, or the limousine, if not the driver. He was motivated again.
Chapter 39
Saturday November 24th 2018

Bradstock was reflecting on the return of ‘sitting comfortably’ again, as he picked up the phone. “Good morning Simon, are we done with the credible threat?”
“That is why I am calling Nigel. The operation was a stunning success, and much of that is down to your people. The outcome is a little more difficult to predict.”
“What do you mean?”
“Our top scientist has tested the product and claims it has no such potential to promote Dementia via fluoridated water or any other carrier material he can think of.”
“You can’t be serious. Is this some kind of sick joke?”
“It makes me sick but it’s unfortunately no joke. I suppose the good news is that we have all of these known terrorists in custody in one shot. We picked up the ones who escaped your raids at Dover. So the prosecution will go ahead.”
“You are losing me; on what evidence will they be charged?”
“Exactly what we intended. Our scientist knows how these things work and he will simply rely on our credible evidence of the threat while he works tirelessly on the awesome task of uncovering the chemical cloaking mechanism. If it has taken years to develop it is not surprising that it could take years to detect.”
“But won’t the Iranians know it’s bullshit?”
“Of course, but who will they complain to? They have obtained Banks’ intellectual property through espionage, and we have bona-fide evidence of their claim and intent. They know the rules, just as we do.”
“So why do you think they devised such a hoax?”
“It doesn’t really matter Nigel. We can drive ourselves crazy by trying to work these things out. I guess it comes down to the definition of a credible threat. They scared the living shit out of you, and wider knowledge of the impending disaster could have destabilised the government if it was leaked. It’s a pretty good tactic. And there is always the other possibility that they didn’t devise it at all.”
“You mean it was the work of a double agent?”
“I couldn’t possibly comment. However we can both relax, secure in the knowledge that the government has got what it wants. There will now be a groundswell of public support for the extradition bill, which was previously wallowing in civil unrest. We shouldn’t get too carried away though, because there is always the probability that they will cave in to international pressure to recognise the human rights of these few extremists to remain here and threaten the human rights of our entire population. Enjoy your day.” This did not help Bradstock’s disposition toward the imminent discussion with Forster and Renton. He also pondered how the Mosque victory could be perceived as an example of corruption, if Halliwell-Jones’ prediction was accurate. It was too risky to count toward Sir Nigel.
*
Sam Gibson was disappointed that nothing about Nisha Servil stood out from all of the paperwork provided by the London police. Then he recalled that her sister had said she moved to London in 2010. In fact the records showed she did not arrive in the Capital until late 2011, and it was a temporary job in a supermarket which filled the gap to her being employed by Thames Water two months later. He left abruptly to study the Newcastle hospital records for that period. He rebuked himself for not completing that task first. Meanwhile Stephanie proceeded with a couple of uniform and a forensics technician to the Tyne Bridge lock-up. It was as James Harvey said – a few personal items scattered about, but nothing to get too excited about. And she was wrong about the freezer. At least they could check some of the items for DNA and possible matches in the database. She asked the people in the adjoining unit if they would come to the station to help with an artist’s impression of the tenant. Eventually she persuaded one young man to comply.
*
When Renton floated his idea Forster was enthusiastic and it seemed Bradstock was hovering, but in fact he framed his question as a choice. 
“If we go with this plan, my instinct tells me that we should keep it as simple as possible from their point of view. Instead of considering the list of items they can offer us, we should pick one. And I’m in favour of asking for Baumann. There has been consistent protest that the Colony did not kill Banks. If that is true, Baumann may be able to confirm that. It should be of value to them. If they can’t offer him then we assume he is dead and move to the limousine or driver.” This met with accord from the others, and he continued, “Now Jack, tell us what you have in mind for the transfer of the code.”
“I’ve convinced Jackson to have a sealed envelope and to be displayed on a webcam. They do the same at their end, and we see Baumann. I appear beside Jackson and he opens the envelope. I ask for their agreement to release Baumann if the code successfully opens the case without destroying it. If they agree, I remind them that from that moment, if any harm befalls Baumann, they will be arrested and face the consequences. They know that we would mean going after the people at the top. If they acknowledge this, and know we have recorded evidence of Baumann alive, holding the day’s newspaper, Jackson reveals the numbers. When they switch off their webcam, which they surely will, we’ll have traced the location and send in our positioned units in the Midwest. We won’t have a lot of time but hopefully they will be confused at the case being empty, before realising the sting by Banks. They then have to think about harming Baumann, if there was nothing to profit from, and he’s the only person who can alibi the two thugs. If they refuse to consider trading Baumann in the first instance, and offer limo information we delay the proceedings as long as possible, so that we can get our units to their webcam site before they actually open the case.”
Bradstock saw some rough edges on this scheme, but actually liked the idea of ultimately revealing to the Colony that the sting was only partly due to the ingenuity of Alistair Banks, and that the police knew the case was empty. He didn’t even touch on the security it offered Vivienne Banks and Vic Jackson. They were both criminals – end of story. They called their ‘ambassadors’ in the Midwest and instructed them to put out the feelers.
*
When Stephanie reported back that they had someone helping with an identikit of the lock-up tenant, Renton had a gut feeling that for the first time the net was truly closing. He found his professional pride surging to the fore once more. He wanted to solve this puzzle before it was explained to him. What happened after that was relegated to the back burner. He had taken the call from Sam Gibson to say he had asked for the records department at the hospital in which Younis Khan had worked, to look at the end of 2010 through to the end of 2011.
*
Eva Roberts had made a courtesy appearance to see Bradstock before her flight to Holland, and was busy reinforcing her assertion that the killer would not continue the correspondence with Renton. 
“I would expect a different means of drawing attention to this cause, unless the suicide is imminent.” The incident room was busy again and Jack Renton had to ask for quiet when the second call from Sam Gibson was put through. The silence turned to anticipation as he slumped into his chair. 
“Jack, I think we may have him. The records people have told me that a very serious complaint was raised against Younis Khan just after Christmas 2010. It was concerning an Isabella Parrish, and was prosecuted by Martin Parrish. It failed, but he went to appeal and that failed as well. Apparently someone at the hospital remembers Khan left after threats were made against him. I spoke to Nisha Servil’s sister again and asked her if Michael, Martin, or Malcolm Parrish meant anything to her. She confirmed that the name of Nisha’s boyfriend was Parrish, but could not be sure of the forename. It has to be him.”
“Don’t get too excited yet Sam, just drive carefully and we’ll bring him in.”
The silence turned into a crescendo of hope. Eva Roberts cancelled her flight. Renton was getting ready to accompany uniform to his house to make the arrest. Stephanie had missed the excitement, but she carried a glimmer of hope from a different source. The identikit was quite a good match for Parrish. Renton punched the air, and told her to get more forensics down to the lock-up. The hope morphed into action and Renton left.
There was no one at Parrish’s address. Renton got on to Cousins and asked him to get a warrant out as he was going to break in, and he put the phone down before there was a response. Two officers broke a window at the rear while Renton and the third uniform levered open the garage door. There was no car but they homed in on a chest freezer. It was the clincher; a headless corpse lay in the foetal position and its brittleness was evident, as a heavy axe was resting against, but being resisted by a finger. Renton called Donoghue and informed him of the discovery. He had temporarily forgotten that most of the forensics staff had gone to the lock-up. “Leave it with me Jack, I’ll sort it out.”
“Good, I’ll leave two officers here, and go looking for Parrish. We have to find him as soon as possible.” He directed the officer to the HQ of Bio-Cure. When they arrived he asked to see Julian Hepworth. He tapped his feet impatiently as Hepworth had to extract himself from a meeting. 
“What is it now Inspector?”
“Do you have any idea where I can find Martin Parrish?”
“I can tell you exactly where he is, why do you want to see him? Not another session at the station I hope?”
“No, just tell me where he is.”
“He’s in Germany. It may have to wait until he gets back.”
“What the hell is he doing in Germany?”
“It is the signing ceremony for the acquisition of Bio-Synth. I wanted to go but missed out.”
“Christ, where is Vivienne?”
“She is there as well.” His derisory expression was amplified by his response. “You didn’t think Martin was going to sign the documents did you?”
“Is he in the Mercedes?”
“Yes. Why?”
“She can’t be with him then, if he went on the ferry, because I just spoke to her yesterday afternoon.”
“She flew to Cologne at the crack of dawn this morning. Martin went on the overnight ferry. She wanted him to pick her up and arrive in the appropriate style for the occasion, and he had some awesome Bio-Cure decals made for the limousine.” Renton’s heart sank. “What is wrong Inspector?”
“Nothing, when is the signing supposed to occur?”
“It should be happening right now, I expect she will call me to let me know how it went.”
“Is she flying back?”
“No they’re coming back by ferry.”
“Call her now and tell her to ring me. It’s urgent.”
Her mobile was switched off. When he got through to Bio-Synth reception, Hepworth was told that the ceremony was over and the party had gone to lunch. He then determined that some of the party were already back, so Mrs Banks was probably on her way back to Amsterdam. 
“Shit,” said Renton, “leave it for now Julian, I’ll catch her later.” He didn’t want to make Parrish uneasy about anything. He rang the office and asked them to get his passport out of his desk and send someone to the airport with it. When he got to the airport, he found the quickest way to get there was to fly to Cologne via Brussels. However he decided he would be better off travelling to Amsterdam and heading toward the Mercedes. He phoned Bradstock and filled him in on the situation. 
“Please get the Dutch police to monitor the whereabouts of the Bio-Cure limousine, and ask for one of their cars to pick me up at Schipol airport.” He also asked Bradstock to retrieve the plate number of the Mercedes from the licensing authority so there was no slip up, in case Parrish had taken the decals off. He was lucky that there were three flights every day from Newcastle to Amsterdam.
Chapter 40

The Dutch police were extremely cooperative and met the plane as it taxied to its stand. Renton was whisked away to the eastbound motorway towards Arnhem. The patrol cars had decided to use the carriageway signs to advise motorists of congestion, and they had spotted the Mercedes with the Bio-Cure logo. Renton asked the Dutch police to allow him to get to them before flagging Parrish down. The Dutch police were armed and he did not want any mistakes. It took just over half an hour to reach the designated intersection, and the Mercedes was down to a crawl. The tension in the incident room was unbearable. As the Amsterdam-bound traffic was filtered into one lane, Parrish was asked to halt. Renton got out of the Dutch police car and walked toward the Mercedes. The armed police took closer order, and Renton could not see Vivienne. “Oh my God,” he muttered under his breath, “I’m too late.”
Parrish got out of the car and smiled. The police closed further and took aim. 
“Hello Inspector, you’ve caught up with me, and here of all places. Nevertheless I’m pleased to see you.”
“What have you done with her?”
“Excuse me?” Parrish’s brow furrowed and then he smiled again. “No, no, no Inspector, surely you don’t think I would hurt Vivienne. She is a pillar amongst sandcastles.”
“Just open the boot Martin, nice and slowly.” Parrish smiled again.
“You disappoint me Inspector Renton.” He opened the car boot and it was empty except for two decals which screamed ‘Manor Limousines.’
“I want you to relax Martin and just tell me where she is.”
“I think it’s you who needs to relax Inspector. I know we planned to travel back together, but Vivienne had a last minute thought that she should visit Gertrude Bowman, and tell her that there was a faint hope of her husband being found, following her last conversation with you.”
Renton called Bradstock, gave him the news and asked him to check this out with Cologne before he handcuffed Parrish and brought him back to the ferry. It seemed to take an eternity for the call to be returned. Renton was caught completely off-guard. 
“Inspector, it’s Vivienne, there must be some mistake. Martin and Alistair were lifelong friends. It just makes no sense to me. Where is he?”
“He’s here, and it makes no sense to me, but there’s no mistake. I’m going to take him back on the ferry, so I may get a chance to talk to him. He’s very calm, and actually, just as the notes read, he gives the impression of a man whose burden has been removed. I take it you’re flying home tonight.”
“Yes I am. I need to see him when I get back. He owes me an explanation.”
“He owes the world an explanation and I think that Eva Roberts was right, he will now do exactly that.”
Renton and his prisoner were driven back by the Dutch police, and one of their officers drove the Mercedes to the ferry terminal. Hardly a word was exchanged, as neither man wanted to have a third party listening to their conversation. There was also a long wait for the ferry to depart, and lots of curiosity amongst the other passengers. The armed Dutch police officer, having driven the Mercedes to Amsterdam, accompanied them to Newcastle, not for the protection of Renton but for Parrish. Word had got out. 
They managed to convince the crew to find them a private area and Renton asked the Dutch officer to take a well-deserved coffee break. 
“Ok then Martin, it looks like you’re going to get your fifteen minutes of fame. What’s it all about?”
“Not fame Inspector, can I call you Jack?”
“Call me whatever you like, just get it off your chest.” Renton’s phone rang. “Hello Dad, you are all over the internet and now the news, it’s fantastic. Where is the killer?”
“Thanks for the call Daniel. I’m sitting next to him, so I’ll call you and your Mum later.”
“Sitting right next to him; wow that’s awesome. Please don’t forget to call.”
Renton turned to Parrish. “That was my son Martin, it’s started already. So where do you want to begin? How about we pick up the story after the football match?”
“It goes back a long way further than that Jack, but fair enough, we can always have flashbacks. You never seemed to be too sure about where Alistair met his fate. If only you could have found the limo driver sooner. My Mercedes was pivotal in the plan. You see, when I realised Alistair was selling a lot of our population down the river, I had some modifications made. The crucial one was the microphones. They were absolutely undetectable and installed in the rear Bose speakers. Whenever Alistair pushed the button to raise the glass divider, so that he could have a private conversation, I recorded it and listened to it later. He had many such conversations with many shady people. He was a lifelong friend who deserted his high ideals and many people who loved him. Let’s rewind for a moment. My mother suffered terribly with the onset of motor neurone disease. Alistair’s company was founded because of government hypocrisy over a cure for genetic defects. He had a vision and a determination to embarrass them. When he knew of my mother’s condition it seemed to spur him on. However, when she deteriorated badly, and he had a successful product submitted for clinical approval, I asked him to give her a fighting chance. I understood the problem he would have if the authorities discovered he had up-scaled the trials without clearance. I asked Harry Bowman if this could be done in Germany, and he said it was possible through certain secure channels. I agreed to pay the fee, and deny any involvement of Alistair’s company. I even said I would say I’d taken advantage of my position with the company and stolen the product. If she died, then we had at least given her a chance. It was thought at the time that an excess of Glutamate (the nervous system chemical messenger) could cause overstimulation of the muscle enabling movement regime, especially in the brain and spinal cord. This eventually and inexorably causes the mechanism to ‘die.’ Awareness of what is happening is probably the worst part of the disease, and it was always fatal at that time.
 “I begged him to help me as she had nothing to lose; it was her last throw of the dice. He would not budge and even Harry tried, by saying he would take responsibility for any treatment in Germany. I was bitter, but worse was to come. My mother was referred to Younis Khan for therapy as her last few months approached. He decided to put her on an experimental medication regime. I asked how that was possible, and he said it was either that or let her continue to suffer. I began to compare the two contrasting approaches of Khan and Alistair. When she became really violent and I knew she was hallucinating, I asked him to stop. He told me to go away and leave her to the experts. It got worse and worse. I then said I was taking her home. After she had been back three days she was calm again but she passed away on the fifth day. I went to see Khan and he refused to meet with me. A couple of months later it was on the news that there had been many other people affected by his treatment. The hospital closed ranks and he left. I suppose you know that I filed a civil case against him for exceeding his regulatory remit with respect to over-prescription. He didn’t know my mother had died at home. Within a month Alistair called me and asked if I wanted to celebrate the conditional approval of his product. I accepted only because I wanted to ask him about Khan. He began by defending the guy, saying that the government was to blame for not acting quicker on recommendations. He said that in Khan’s position he would have done the same. Then he said I should lighten up because he had come out to celebrate. I bought him a drink and made an excuse to leave. I was raging inside. I sat night after night trying to understand my friend’s volte-face. It never came, so I buried it. I hadn’t told him of my mother’s death and yet he never asked if we should treat her.
“When he began to talk to the Germans about closer ties, I recorded the next level of duplicity. He was ready to sell his soul for personal recognition. He structured the scheme to basically piss in the government’s face, and punish them by restricting the distribution of this and other products to Germany. All of the people he had made promises to became invisible. I could understand his frustration at the clinical approval process, but to abandon his lifelong pledge to the British sufferers was disgraceful. He still never said that my mother could now be treated. But she could have been if he had let Harry take her to Germany. I realised then that even if she had still been alive, he would not have helped her. I began to hate him. I vowed never to tell him that my mother had passed away.
“My plan began to emerge. At that time I only had Alistair and Khan in my sights. Then I remembered my ‘loyal’ girlfriend who complained that I should just forget about my mother. She told me to put mother in a home and concentrate on her, Nisha. She couldn’t resist saying that I should stop seeing her. I never told her that mother was dead either. Nisha left for London and my head stopped hurting for a while. It was hard, but I never let anyone know about mother’s death, as she had never had anyone visit her after she first became ill. It was just the two of us. The funeral was a good example; I knew she would want it that way. As I spent restless nights thinking about when and how to begin to make amends, the pressure to inform people of the corrupt system we depended upon, became intense. Khan made her suffer for no good reason other than to lubricate his ego, and Nisha was so dismissive of stricken elderly people, but prattled on about the falseness of Christianity and the delusion of the Infidel. At the same time her parents extracted as much state benefit as they could, and regularly bleated out the message that Britain would become a morally failed state. She couldn’t wait for it to happen. I began to see some of what she said becoming true, as the government could not expel proven terrorists. My plan developed to take in my rejection of anything associated with Sharia law. I had never felt negative about immigrants who embraced the culture, and tried to integrate, even if they were receiving benefits. However, when mother was let down, first by denial of drug treatment, and then denial of the cure by Alistair, I could not accept that extremists were raping the country while planning to kill us. Nisha was no advocate of terrorism but she convinced me that we are sleepwalking into an Islamic state. I began to hear others complaining about the same things, and because of the lack of condemnation of extremism by moderate Muslims, apart from people like Pitafi, I gravitated to my Muslim agenda. First, Mohammed Barek and then a traitorous convert, Andrew Todd. Barek was the one who turned Nisha against me, when they both worked for Northumbrian water. He also bullied her into refraining from criticising extremists, so as I had attended to her, I could not let him survive. She was merely a disciple, he was the Devil, and his was a pernicious form of apathy.
“The conversations in the limousine between Alistair and Doyle were sickening. Richard was a slimy weasel, and during one session when they discussed Alistair’s will, he began his grooming of the plot to fleece the hand which had fed Alistair’s fledgling business. One of those who would be disenfranchised was Peter Beresford. I couldn’t understand how a lily-livered specimen like Doyle could so easily mesmerise my former friend, until the final details revealed the extent of the chicanery. It was about screwing everyone, including the Germans. I almost snapped when Doyle promised to ‘handle’ Vivienne after the move to Germany. I know she thinks that her husband was going to ask her to join him, but that wasn’t true, I have proof recorded. She was the only one to ask about mother, and I told her just a few days ago that she had passed away, she was genuinely sad. Now let us move to my piece de resistance. Donald never struck me as anything but a parasite. His complete disregard for our nation always irritated me, and reached new heights when he said the government deserved to be shafted for wasting money on compiling the Genetic Profile Directory. He described it as a bible of geriatric uselessness – expensive yet without national value, saying that the last thing we needed was more walking dead. Here he was, trashing one of the founding reasons for Alistair’s business. He quickly added that it did have value to others. When it dawned on Alistair that this could become his insurance against future government interference, Price began the sales pitch. I could not believe that Alistair Banks would descend to such immorality. Price was hired to procure the Directory, and again I have the arrangements of the deal on record. It occurred to me that mother would be on that Directory, and here were two of my so-called friends being prepared to use the hope and cooperation of sick, elderly citizens trying to help future generations, to multiply their already obscene wealth. I did have some remorse over what I did to Khan, Nisha, Barek and Todd, but not Doyle and particularly not Price. You can’t imagine what I felt about Banks.”
Renton noticed that Parrish had drifted from saying ‘my mother’ to simply ‘mother.’ He had also mentioned several times that he deliberately pretended that she was still alive. Vivienne was the only exception, and that was after his killing spree was underway. He looked Parrish straight in the eyes. “That covers the why, so what about the how?”
“Of course, I was getting to that Jack. I had benefitted from Alistair’s connections in my own business. One of those was, as I referred to earlier, Peter Beresford. I frequently took him and Alistair to Bio-Cure’s customers. Beresford always struck me as trying to do the right thing, and Alistair always resisted. That’s when the threats emerged. When I would run Beresford back to his boat he would chat, and he gradually opened up to me, as he knew of our boyhood friendship. He said he wished Alistair was more like me. I became an easy listener and slowly let him understand how disappointed I had become with some of his son-in-law’s loyalties. This is what he wanted to hear. A little reluctantly I let him drag out of me what I had overheard Price say in the back of the car about the Directory. Beresford latched on to this immediately and sensed I might be willing to help him, ‘as a fellow patriot.’ I agreed to keep my ears open and began feeding him snippets by phone. I told him about the football match being a diversion for the German project, and agreed to lease him my ‘Manor Limousines’ vehicle, with new plates, to pick us up at Stansted. I gave Alistair the booking slip, and said this company could be trusted, so it would probably be better to leave his expensive briefcase with them and get the driver to pick us up after the game. I knew he would object to that, but he wouldn’t say where he was going to leave it, and this could have worried me because of the tight schedule. I also knew that he and Harry were to briefly split so that Alistair could meet with a government official, who insisted that he could help him defuse the rift with the Department of Health. Alistair could hardly wait to tell this official that any future discussions would have to be in Troisdorf. The official was of course an impostor, being yours truly, and I had set this up a few days before, knowing that the new, arrogant Alistair Banks would relish giving two fingers to the government in person. He was now so cocksure of himself, and his impending evaporation to Cologne. I gave the venue to Beresford and also where Alistair was to re-join Harry. It went perfectly; Beresford’s people arrived at the room in the Covent Garden hotel a few minutes after I had finally made my treacherous friend feel the way I did years ago, and the insulin had done its job. I watched from the street as they shuffled the body into the back alley and into the limo, then onwards to pick up Harry. I didn’t expect them to end up at the old hospital, but that was even better than leaving him in the hotel. The hospital had initially been suggested by Beresford as a safe meeting point, because they often used it, and he said only kids ever frequented the place. I told him that Banks had to meet with a government official in the city and there was no time for anything else, otherwise he would begin to suspect something. The poor guy who went to collect the briefcase turned my little prank into a work of art when he dumped Alistair at the Angel. It gave me and the others a cast iron alibi. You know the rest Jack.”
“You mentioned remorse. What about Harry, didn’t he try to help you?”
“Yes, that was very sad. I wasn’t to know that Beresford’s people would transport the body and collect Harry. Presumably they thought he could be carrying valuable information. Beresford wanted to stop the merger and get his hands on the Directory. I only gave him the time and place of Alistair’s meeting point with Harry to make sure they knew how tight the schedule was. I said if Alistair was late, then Harry would ring the alarm bells. Of course they did not know my friend would be dead when they arrived. I was sure they would just take the case and get the hell out of there. Do you know if Harry is still alive?”
“No, I don’t know. Why don’t you know if you had contact with the Colony?”
“I only had contact with Beresford. He told me Harry was helping them with the briefcase. That’s when I decided to place Khan’s body in the hospital Beresford had mentioned. It seemed to be an appropriate link to his previous malpractice, and by putting Harry’s ID on him, a link to Banks as well. It was also less risky than dumping him at the hospital he was fired from, as it was still in use. Of course I didn’t mention this to Beresford. I suppose I didn’t need to when I had placed Harry’s ID on Khan. I didn’t think your people would be initially fooled by the items of ID, as they were just his business cards, forged dental appointment cards, fictitious golf club memberships and stuff like that. They were only intended to guide you to me, so I continued to use them, until the final Muslim, Andrew Todd, he did not merit being linked in that way. When I heard of Beresford’s death, I feared for my friend Harry. It struck me that my remorse over some of the victims but not others was divided in another sense. All but the last two involved some tension in getting them to the place of discovery. I had to convince Alistair of the veracity of the government official who wanted to meet with him. I have always had an ability to do impressions of people and I rang him as Roderick Penrose, a minion serving the head of Clinical Approval – Sir Douglas Kirkland. I was only the messenger, and if indeed Alistair was impressed he would meet the boss, as until then the department had to have denial. His ego was my ally; the tricky part was getting it to dawn on him that this could be done after the match. It took four calls before he did so. Then my plea to meet with Khan was not without risk, but he was convinced of my guilt over the civil case I had brought against him. He agreed to meet in a restaurant for lunch, and passed out as I drove him toward his home, then diverted to the old hospital. Nisha was a challenge, but again, after so many years she accepted my apology and we met for a drink. I had prepared the cord and harness the previous night and attached it out of sight under a ledge on the bridge. My Mercedes was plastered with decals from Highway Maintenance, and the hazards were flashing. In my orange overalls all I had to do was act nonchalantly and pull the cord into the car, fasten the harness to her and throw her over the side of the bridge. A few taxis passed me but paid no heed to me at three in the morning. Barek was easier as the reservoir was more remote, but I still had to take the boat on a trailer and find a spot from which to launch it. It wasn’t easy to find one which could not be seen from the road. Todd was very nervous and I couldn’t be sure that he wouldn’t try to run before we reached the ruin. By contrast Doyle and Price were simple. I told both of them that I had found something which Alistair had accidently left on the rear seat of the car and it had slid under the upholstery; it was a memory chip. As I said I did not have a computer, I was wondering if I should hand it to the police. They each in turn bit, Doyle told me to bring it to his office on a Saturday night when there would be no one around. Price asked me to pick him up four hours before he was due to fly to America via Amsterdam. I told him I had borrowed my brother’s computer. We came to my house and he never suspected anything after drinking the beer with the sedative. The direct freight flight from Newcastle to New York was at least going to get part of him there for his meeting, before the rest of him was expected. All in all it seemed as if there was some justice, insofar as Doyle and Price were despatched without a trace of emotion. 
“Now you haven’t asked me about the magic briefcases, and they had you fooled for some time. I overheard Alistair speaking to Ridgeley Securities in London from my car the day before the flight. He had an account with them and arranged for them to collect his briefcase at Stansted before he met the Limo driver. That was very clever indeed, because it fooled Price and Hepworth. He did not want Harry to copy him and take his jacket out of a briefcase or we would have suspected they were going on somewhere else. Alistair could get away with it as he was a total poser. He was to pick it up again at Ridgeley Vaults in Covent Garden after the match, and Harry would then wait there for Alistair, until after his meeting in the hotel, which was only two minutes walking distance away.”
“But the case was empty, so why the elaborate precautions?”
“No, it was not empty Jack, it contained Harry’s case. Alistair’s was over twice the size. You have heard of the Russian Doll trick haven’t you? It was a neat idea, unless someone knew exactly what the plan was. Harry had taken his case from Alistair before the surprise meeting with me in the hotel. I enjoyed telling him that I knew of this, as I injected the insulin.”
“We need some sleep. My Dutch escort and I will take turns keeping an eye on you during the crossing.”
“Don’t worry Jack. I won’t be ending my life just yet. I want my time in court.”
Chapter 41
Sunday November 25th 2018

After the excitement of yesterday, Sunday became an adrenalin vacuum. Bradstock and Forster had their response from the Colony, and Baumann was not going to be the trade. That left only the information which they no longer needed. The content of the return message was debated and Bradstock favoured telling them that the case was empty in order to push them into destroying it. Forster reminded him of how that may affect Vivienne and Jackson. He was unmoved, and wanted to take the opportunity to demonstrate that although the unofficial conduits would remain, there was no doubt as to who was calling the shots. Forster said that was a bad move and it would result in a collapse of their delicate web into the underworld. 
“I agree we should try to get them to destroy the case, but now we have to do nothing. We have the killer without their help, and they need to believe they have the information they want. At some time they will either find a way to scan it or just wreck it out of frustration. It is to our advantage in the future if they never find out it was empty. That was not the situation when we did not have the killer, and it was possible to get Baumann back. My reading of this is that Baumann is dead.” 
Forster watched Bradstock’s face and wondered how he had ever managed to gravitate to such a lofty position. He mused that Renton had been right, insofar as the force was more driven by clear up rates of petty crime than patient progress against the likes of the Colony. On this occasion Bradstock had his knighthood to consider, and on reflection it might not be a good time to rock the boat, so he accepted Forster’s logic.
*
By the time Renton had docked and once more thanked the Dutch officer, the surprise party had been prepared at the incident room in Durham. Because of Bradstock’s shift system, those on that shift were already at the office. The others had wandered in over the course of the morning. Bradstock had arranged for a pretty impressive buffet and declared that the situation demanded a return to normal. 
“The incident room is to be decommissioned today and you can all return to your normal stations and work patterns tomorrow. Therefore we are all effectively off-duty today and are able to raise a glass to our success in bringing in this serial killer. All we need now is the presence of Jack Renton, and I am reliably informed that he is only a couple of minutes away.” 
As the car pulled up at the door Renton had the real surprise, the one which he could not have dreamed of. Ben Adams was standing there with a Zimmer frame. He had been brought by the hospital ambulance as part of his on-going physiotherapy. Renton ran up the steps and gently embraced him. It was a poignant moment, added to by Parrish being led past them to the cells. Adams’ steely stare was met with a haunting smile which temporarily made him forget he was dependent on the frame. There were no tears from Ben Adams, only from Jack Renton.
The ‘party’ atmosphere was appropriately subdued because of Adams’ presence. He shuffled across the room slowly, and thanked Bernard Cousins. He had been told at the hospital that Cousins had arranged for him to be there. Maybe he had to revise his opinion of this man, especially after his brush with the evil of Parrish.
When Eva Roberts had heard Parrish’s confession from Renton, she said it had all dropped into place for her. 
“Your observation about his seamless transition from ‘my mother’ to ‘mother’, and his frequent self-denial of her death, makes me think that in the years between her actual death and the execution of his plan, he became his mother. It does gel with the alternating pleas to stop him and the inability he had to hand himself in. He could not abandon her, as everyone else had, and so he had to do her bidding. It was easier to handle the fear by separating the personalities. However, as often happens in such cases, one becomes more dominant than the other.”
“Are you trying to get me to feel sorry for him?”
“Not at all Inspector, he didn’t need to dress up like his mother, or preserve her body so he could talk to her, unlike a certain motel owner. Norman Bates was portrayed in an old classic movie, which I am sure you have seen. Parrish did however refuse to tell anyone she had died, so in his mind she hadn’t. Rather than being rebuked by his mother for being tempted by young women, he continued to care for her by attempting to show how callous society has become. He was her only champion. That’s why I have always believed he will end his life when he feels she has been seen as the first victim in this butchery. I think you are going to have a very interesting trial to attend Inspector, and I hope I can be there.”
When the office began to empty and Ben was about to leave, Renton asked what the prognosis was. 
“It looks pretty good. I’m going to be on this recovery programme for a while but I have already decided I need more dedication to my physical condition. You know boss, it’s about time I thought about a regular girlfriend. I’m tired of living alone. You keep telling me I should think of another career, and this narrow escape has illustrated how we must grab every minute and make it worthwhile. I like what we do, but you’re right, I don’t want to become a crusty old fart like you too soon, and you need to get back to Jane and your son. They have visited me without telling you. We can both turn over a new leaf. I got a recommendation from a pal who goes to a place in Whickham. He highly recommends the guy who runs it, and his personal training regimes. It’s called Chase Fitness. Come on, let’s chase fitness as well as chase criminals. It’ll be a good discipline because our problem is that we don’t pull away from the job often enough, and that’s due to us feeling we are letting other people down. If we dedicate, and I really mean dedicate ourselves to this activity, and we sometimes don’t feel like turning up, we have to, or we are letting our personal trainer down.”
“Do you really think anybody can get me into shape?”
“Absolutely, and bear in mind that would make Jane very proud. For Christ’s sake Jack, what do you have to lose? See it’s working already, I just called you Jack since we are off-duty.” 
July 2019
Martin Parrish had decided to defend himself. There was much debate as to whether this could be allowed because of his mental state. He had readily agreed to be subjected to psychiatric evaluation and two independent tests showed he was capable of speaking for himself in court. One of the psychiatrists maintained that this was a key aspect of his progression to remorse, and argued that Parrish had no intention to challenge his confession.
The Law Courts in Newcastle were packed to the rafters and this was a concern. The prosecution made their case without the usual torrent of objections and need to approach the bench. The jury members witnessed the almost surreal compliance with which Parrish admitted every charge levelled at him. Trials of this type of crime were ordinarily expected to last for weeks, but this was no ordinary accused. Parrish called no witnesses and the bemused prosecutor moved to his summing up. It was now the turn of Martin Parrish.
“Ladies and Gentlemen of the jury, I do not intend to cower behind the shield of a plea of insanity or diminished responsibility. Let us be clear on that, at least not diminished responsibility on my part. When I made my confession to Inspector Renton on the ferry, he listened carefully and politely, and that is all I ask of you. I hope it is my principles that are on trial today, as my culpability is not in doubt. The confession was one of a personal nature and I need not revisit that. I contend that, as a murderer, I should be punished adequately for the atrocities I have inflicted on the victims and their families. What is considered as adequate? The judge will decide that – or will he? Behind him in our justice system is the government and the sentencing advisory authority. It is clear in my mind that the only truly moral sentence should be termination, but that will not happen. I recall a former Prime Minister of our country stating that there is no such thing as society. I beg to differ. I believe that in the same way we can’t see electricity, but can see how lethal it can be, society is very similar. But instead of choosing the protection of an insulator of morality, we have deferred to human rights jargon, political correctness and cost effectiveness. We can harness one of the most powerful forces in the world and yet we can’t manage our own morality. The route we have chosen should be reviewed. How can the astronomic sums of money invested in propping up flawed dogma like human rights and political correctness be reconciled with the claimed poor cost effectiveness of allowing suffering people medication to help them out of this mortal coil? How can we reconcile the human rights of proven terrorists with those already dead because of their actions? I submit it is because there is not sufficient engagement of ‘resistance’ in the circuit of society. It really is up to us to demand change. We have reached the ludicrous situation where the victims and their families’ human rights are never discussed. Why is this? Because it is easier to ignore a single relatively anonymous deceased person than the hordes of the liberal-thinking enlightened. I mean no disrespect to any of the families I have placed in this awful position, but we have now replaced their real rights with the placebo of a minute of air time on national TV. They can express their disappointment at the sentence of the criminal, and tell the camera that in contrast, they themselves have a life sentence with no parole. What kind of justice is this? History is littered with people who have made personal sacrifice in order to make a better world. Sometimes it is a mass sacrifice, like the fight for freedom from oppression. That often incurs fatalities of the innocent. This is how I see the present. We can’t let the government continue to impose this putrid society of theirs upon us, they need to be challenged. I have offered my life, and that of my unfortunate victims, to this end. The sacrifice must not be wasted. When I am incarcerated I will take my own life, because I deserve to die. If I did not, then you would have to suspect that what I have said is lacking in substance. They will have to watch me every minute of every day, but it only takes one second of lapsed concentration and they have failed in their hypocritical, cost intensive mission. Thank you for listening and please give some thought to what I have said.”
September 2022
Martin Parrish was found dead in prison. He had been a model inmate and without in any way condoning his crimes, some of what he said had resonated with the prison guards. He quietly worked his way into duties which caused vigilance over him to wane. He ended up in the kitchens, and his opportunity beckoned. His electrocution by a humble dishwasher bore comparison with his metaphorical link to society. The arguments began to rage as to whether he was insane, or just a product of an insane society. 



    
         
