Stilettos & Scoundrels
Presley tells her boss what he can do with her job in HR and embarks on a new career as a freelance journalist. What seems like a simple interview with a Senator turns to murder when the day after her interview the Senator is found dead. Does the fact that Presley was one of the last people to see him alive make her a suspect? Her ex–boyfriend Cooper, who was in charge of the Senator's security, might think so. Presley is determined to clear her name but can she do it and resist Cooper’s charms?


Revised and re-edited March 2015. Please download newer version if you purchased prior to March 2015.




Here’s what others are saying about Stilettos
I like murder mysteries and this sounded interesting. This is a nice story with a little humor thrown in. I would recommend this highly. —Anonymous
Loved reading this book. Lots of excitement and energy. This book really keeps you guessing till the end. Looking forward to reading the next one. —Tammy
Quite a nice little mystery with a lot of humor and a surprise twist at the end. A good quick read that will keep you turning the pages until the end. One of those books that you don't want to put down until it says "The End". —Sporty






Stilettos
& 
Scoundrels


Laina Turner



Copyright 2011 Laina Turner
Smashwords edition.
Five Seas Ink Publishing
Cover art by 801Red
Revised and re-edited March 2015. Please download newer version if you purchased prior to March 2015.






Acknowledgements

My dream was always to be a writer, but I never had the confidence that anything I wrote would be worthwhile reading. However, I finally got to the point where I figured, why not? So here it is. My first fiction book, Whoo–hoo!
I would like to thank my family and friends who never lost confidence in me and helped me through this journey to my dream.
Most of all thanks to my mother, LaNita, who gave me the gift and desire to write (and many ideas for this book). I wish you were here to share this with me. I miss you!
Thank you, thank you, and thank you!
Laina



Revised and re-edited March 2015. Please download newer version if you purchased prior to March 2015.



Prologue

Gently touching the handle of the front door was all it took to make it swing wide open. It was late, after midnight, and everyone in the house except longtime senator Tom Daniels was asleep. As usual, Tom was in his study working late. Walking carefully and quietly through the foyer, the intruder confidently stepped into Tom’s study. He could see the senator was concentrating on the papers in front of him, so much so that he was unaware of anything else. Raising the object, the intruder accidentally hit a stack of books sitting on a side table, sending them crashing to the floor. Tom spun around with a look of shock on his face as he recognized the person swinging a sharp object towards him. Tom raised his hands to protect himself, but he wasn’t quick enough. The spiky end of a stiletto heel punctured the side of his neck; piercing his jugular vein instantly and sending a spray of blood over the papers on his desk. He tried to cry out, but the only sound he made was a gurgling noise as his lungs filled with blood.
The intruder set the shoe down next to Tom and backed out of the room, softly closing the door to the study and hoping no one would come looking for Tom until morning.



Chapter 1

What was I thinking? Did I just tell my boss off and get myself fired? I smiled, thinking back to the moment I told David Ritter that I wouldn’t sleep with him if he were the last man on earth. I wouldn’t sleep with him, even if he promised me the new Louis Vuitton satchel I had been eyeing up, and I’ve always said I would do anything for that Louis satchel. By the look on his face, no wasn’t something he was accustomed to hearing. Though now unemployed, it was a small price to pay to tell him off.
I made my way back to my condo, forgoing the bus in lieu of a brisk walk the few blocks from my office—well, my former office. It was a nice day out, and frankly I hated public transportation. The bus was just a necessary evil on rainy or cold days. Besides, walking those few blocks would take me past one of my favorite boutiques, Element. I could hardly afford to shop there, but I loved to look. They always had the most fabulous window displays, and I knew that it would brighten my outlook on life.
I thought back to what happened a few hours earlier. It had started out as a good day. My hair turned out well because the low humidity helped keep it frizz proof. I was wearing one of my favorite skirts, a chocolate–colored pencil skirt, and paired it with a cream–colored cowl neck sweater. It was April, but the wind in Chicago meant that it was still chilly, and a sweater seemed just the thing on a crisp spring day. I’d slipped on my brown Jimmy Choos and my favorite silver earrings from Silvapada with matching bangle bracelet, and headed out the door. I stopped at Starbucks on the way to work, ordered a venti chai skinny with one Splenda, and walked in the door to the office with a few minutes to spare. Enough time to chat with my best work friend, Tonya, who was smoking surreptitiously outside the employee entrance just underneath the no–smoking sign.
“Tonya, one of these days you are going to get caught and get in big trouble,” I said to my friend.
“Whatever,” said Tonya, waving her hands absently. “They can’t afford to get rid of me. I know where all of their skeletons are buried.” She laughed.
Tonya was joking, but she also wasn’t far off. Working at McLaughlin Industries for the last fifteen years, Tonya was the only one on our floor who had been there the entire time our boss, David Ritter, had. Though he hadn’t always been the boss. David Ritter was a sexual harassment lawsuit waiting to happen, and Tonya knew about everything he had done that the company had tried to sweep under the rug. She also had no problem telling him she knew what a despicable ass he was. She intimidated David, so he just ignored her whenever possible. Lucky her.
“You want to check out the spring sale at Macy’s on our lunch break?” Tonya asked.
“You don’t have to ask me twice.”
“Good.” Tonya twisted her cigarette against the brick wall to put it out and flicked the butt in the trash can. “We might as well get this day started.”
About an hour after we got back from lunch, where I had the good fortune to pick up two pairs of Diesel jeans and a cute red DKNY stretchy t–shirt, David called me into his office. Not an unusual occurrence in itself. As a Senior Human Resource manager, I had many meetings with David in his capacity as Vice President of Sales, where he was always coming on to me, and it had grown tiresome. A couple of times I had complained to David’s boss, Gary, after David wouldn’t stop texting me about taking me out or about how I looked that day. I wasn’t sure what Gary had said when he talked to David, but David had mostly behaved since then. When forced to speak to me, he was curt and tense, but I didn’t care because it was better than the alternative. Although lately I wondered more and more why I still worked there under those conditions. I didn’t trust him, and I was just waiting for his old antics to flare up again. Today I wasn’t disappointed.
“You wanted to see me, David?” I walked into his office and stood in front of his over-sized mahogany desk.
“Yes. Have a seat.” David gestured to one of the chairs beside his desk, next to a small coffee table. His office wasn’t luxurious, but it was a step up from my tiny cubicle.
I sat down as David leaned against his desk, and I could barely stand the overpowering stench of his cologne. I wanted to gag, and hoped whatever he had to say was quick.
“I wanted to talk to you about the workforce reduction reports, Presley. They’re still four percent higher than where I asked you to come in the last time.” His topic wasn’t surprising. I knew this was coming eventually. One of the aspects of my position that I hated most was that I was responsible for cutting jobs. I knew it was unavoidable if the company was to remain profitable, but it was a distasteful duty nonetheless.
“David, I realize the numbers were above expectations, but the higher average salary of some of the more tenured employees wasn’t figured into the original numbers. Head count came in on target. One person less even, but the salary piece was higher.”
“Not good enough. You needed to hit those numbers, or it throws off the rest of my projections. I’m accountable for those. You need to fix it. Get rid of Evans and Thompson. You can hire four college grads for that amount of money and still have cash left over.”
“How do you expect me to do that?” I glared at him, incredulous. “I can’t just get rid of people because they make too much money and don’t fit in your spreadsheet calculations, when they are the best person for the job. That’s how lawsuits happen.”
“Hey, I’m the sales guy, you’re HR. It’s your job to figure it out.”
I seethed, my hands clenching. I wanted to punch him. There was only so much I could do from a legal and ethical standpoint. He just wanted to make my life difficult, and he was doing a damned fine job at it.
“Maybe we could work something out,” David said, putting a lecherous hand on my knee.
I deliberately took his hand, removed it from my knee, and looked him straight in the eye. “And what exactly would that be?”
“Let’s just say if you are nice to me, I could be persuaded to overlook the discrepancy. Then you wouldn’t have to lay off any more people,” David said with his version of a charming smile, returning his hand to my knee.
Furious, I jumped up and faced him, putting my hands on my hips. “If you think I would do anything outside my professional capacity for you, you are sadly mistaken. Your behavior is despicable, and I’m not going to tolerate it.”
David flushed a deep red. “Are you sure about that, Presley?” He sneered. “We’re making cuts all across the company, and if you aren’t doing your job, which you clearly aren’t by being over budget, well...”
“Are you trying to tell me that if I am not nice to you, you’re going to fire me?” I said, using finger quotes on the nice.
“I’m not doing anything. It's your choice.” David sat back in his chair looking smug, as if he thought I was going to change my mind if he threatened me about my job. “Well?”
“Well, nothing. I won’t do it.”
“Then I guess you have left me no choice. You’re fired.”
“What? You can’t do that.”
“Yes I can. Like I said, we need to make more cuts.”
I couldn’t believe what I was hearing. There was no way Gary knew about this. I had worked with him for years before David had become my direct boss.
David got up and went behind his desk. “That’s all,” he said, dismissing me. “Please clear out your desk and leave. I assume you won’t cause any trouble on your way out. I would hate to call security.”
I was dumbfounded. I couldn’t believe this was happening. I walked over to his desk.
“Is there something else, Presley?”
“Just one more thing.”
David looked up expectantly. I picked up his coffee cup and threw the contents at him. His jaw dropped. He stood there dripping coffee off what was probably a five–hundred–dollar suit.
I started laughing. “That’s all I have to say.” I turned around and walked out of his office.



Chapter 2

“Hi, Charles.” I greeted the doorman of my building, just off Michigan Avenue.
Okay, admittedly, it was WAY off Michigan Avenue, but since it was within walking distance, if you liked long walks, of all the great shopping, I felt it was an accurate assessment. I resided in a old but beautiful condominium; a six–floor walk–up. I cursed the climb often, but tried to tell myself what great exercise I was getting. On a sunny day, I could see the skyline for miles, if I looked out the bathroom window at a right angle while perching precariously on the toilet seat. However, with real estate prices in Chicago, I knew I was lucky to have this.
Charles smiled at me as I walked to the stairs. He was such a cute old man.
I loved the energy of Chicago; it was always fast-paced and put me in great spirits. Walking into my building and seeing Charles, I almost forgot my current troubles. When I got out of college, I had bought this place. At the time, this section of town wasn’t cool, but rather a stomping ground for vagrants. But was in my price range. Over time, the place had caught on, and young professionals started moving in, which gave the building life and energy. It was a great place to come home to. My mother had a different opinion. She liked the city, to visit, but didn’t think the area I lived in was safe enough for her baby and constantly tried to talk me into moving home.
I unlocked my door thinking about how to find a new job. The bills wouldn’t pay themselves, and I didn’t have a sugar daddy in my back pocket. Stepping into the foyer, I kicked off my shoes and dug my toes into the thick, cream, shag carpet as I hung my coat in the front closet.
Since graduating from college I had toiled away at McLaughlin Industries, doing what I’d thought, for the last several years, was my dream job. I’d had visions of being a high–profile executive, with assistants at my every disposal. I saw myself on the covers of Fortune magazine and Business Week in a red power suit, maybe a Chanel. The article would describe me as someone who broke through the glass ceiling and could play with the big boys. I’d worked my way up to Senior Human Resource Manager, which was pretty good, considering that I had started out as someone’s assistant. It was a position I had enjoyed. Though looking at recent events, maybe I had been fooling myself. I just threw away years of hard work and job security and wasn’t very upset. Shouldn’t that be telling me something?
My lofty visions of being the first female CEO of McLaughlin Industries had started to fade a while ago. I kept at it because it was still a lucrative job and because I didn’t know what else to do. I worked countless hours and put up with abuse from top management, mostly David, thinking it would get me to the next level—and for what? Frankly, I had focused on the same goal for so long, I wasn’t sure how to change it. I was stuck in a rut. I kept working hard, the way I had been raised to do, believing it was the right thing. But now that my job was history, surprisingly, it felt like a weight had been lifted. Even if I still wanted to be a top executive, I wasn’t going to sleep with anyone to get ahead.
Unemployed or not, I was lucky. I wasn’t without options. One of my friends sold Mary Kay and had been after me for months to become a representative. She was trying to meet a quota to earn a car and kept telling me how easy it was to get women to buy things to make themselves look better. Another friend of mine was a restaurant manager and would probably take pity on me and give me a job. Though he knew perfectly well, I was a klutz and that having me as a server would lose him more customers than he’d gain. While both were interesting propositions, somehow I couldn’t see myself aspiring to drive a pink Cadillac or waiting tables.
There was one opportunity though, my friend Trevor Jameson, who just happened to be the editor of a new online magazine called Our World, had told me about a job recently. To write a column for the human profile section of his magazine over drinks last week, asking me to keep my ears open for someone who might be looking for such a position.
He told me that the column’s writer wasn’t coming back from maternity leave, and he needed someone right away. Secretly, I had been dying to take advantage of the opportunity, if only I didn’t have such a bad shopping habit that kept my credit cards maxed out. I would have told him on the spot I would take it. That should have been a big clue that I was unhappy at work. What Trevor had described had excited me more than anything at McLaughlin in a long time.
Was that why I snapped today? Since last week, all I had been thinking about was Trevor’s job and how frustrated I was that I couldn’t take it. Maybe being fired was a sign. Maybe the forces were telling me I should take this opportunity.
Let’s do this, I thought. Totally excited, I dialed Trevor’s number at work.
“Hello, this is Trevor.”
“Hey, Trevor. It’s Presley.”
“Hey, girl! What’s up? Did you call to meet for lunch, because if so I am swamped today and don’t think I can swing it. I think I’m free tomorrow. Let me check.” I heard him rustling papers in his desk.
“No, that’s not why I called. Remember last week at Muldoon’s when you mentioned the job opening you had for your human–interest column? Well, I wanted to see if that was still open.”
There was a brief pause on the other end. “I filled it yesterday. Why?” he asked curiously.
I gave a deep sigh. “Well, I happen to be unemployed and was thinking it might be a good fit for me.”
“You?”
I gave a laugh. “I know, crazy idea.”
“Not crazy. Surprising, yes. If something else opens up, I’ll let you know.”
“Thanks, Trevor.”
“Drinks soon?”
“Definitely.” I hung up and laid down on the couch wondering what my next move should be.



Chapter 3

I rocked out to Pearl Jam as I headed down the highway the last few miles to my parents’ home in Alkon. I enjoyed leaving the exhaust filled smell of the city and watching the skyscrapers morph into the calmer landscape of suburbia. Seeing the rolling countryside just beginning to green up with spring cheered me. I didn’t usually notice the landscape on the drive to Alkon; I was always too preoccupied with work, but today I realized how different Chicago and Alkon were, although they were only a few hours apart. The city was still my favorite place, but I could appreciate the pretty landscape outside the city too.
Nothing like a calming roadside view and good music to put a person in a good mood.
After yesterday’s drama, I was surprised to wake up in such a good mood. I realized I was probably in denial about not having a steady income, but I refused to let it get to me. It was then I decided I needed to take advantage of this unexpected time off, and decided to pay my parents a visit.
HOLY CRAP! I slammed on the brakes, and my car skidded sideways, coming to a shuddering stop about two inches from a cow. This was why I lived in the city. You might have to watch out for drunks and crazy people wandering around the streets, but traffic didn’t move fast enough for it to be much of an issue. My heart pounded, and my hands shook as I thought about how my poor Kia would have crumpled around me like an accordion if I had hit that cow. The cow didn’t even seem fazed by the near miss. It looked at me through the windshield as if to say, What? Is there a problem?
I sat there for a second longer, waiting for my heart rate to return to normal and willing the cow to get the hell out of the middle of the road. The shoulders out here were pretty much non-existent, and there wasn’t enough room to go around. Where had this thing come from anyway? The cow quit staring at me and ambled the rest of the way across the road. Thank God there wasn’t any traffic coming, or there would have been quite a backup. Feeling a little more composed, I started to laugh. I couldn’t wait to tell my friends in the city about this. They would never believe it. I should have taken a picture.
I pressed the gas to move back on down the road and immediately slammed on the breaks again. A puppy had replaced the cow in the middle of the road scenario. What was going on here? There weren’t any other cars around. I could only see one farmhouse up ahead, and the last one I had passed about a half mile ago. Houses in this area were few and far between, it was very rural. I put the car in park and left the engine idling while I strolled over to get a puppy since he, or she, was plopped down right on the yellow line. Probably a warm place to lie but not the safest. Had I not already been driving slow from the cow incident, I might not have even seen the little guy.
“Come here, little buddy,” I called, crouching down and holding my hand out so it could sniff. The puppy looked at me for a second. Not scared at all, it got up, trotted over to me, and licked my hand furiously. I started laughing and scratching its belly. It rolled over, and I could see it was a she. “Where did you come from, huh? Where do you belong?” She was too cute, a lab of some sort, not that I was a dog expert or anything. She was black with a little tuft of white under her chin. I scooped her up and put her in my car. I couldn’t leave her out here alone. Even though there was little traffic here, she could get hit by a car.
She turned around once and promptly lay down in the passenger seat, closing her eyes while I put the car in drive and backtracked to the farmhouse.
After the people there had said they didn’t have a puppy, and didn’t know where she could have come from, I decided I would just take her to my parents’ house with me. They wouldn’t be thrilled, but they wouldn’t be surprised either. Me bringing stray animals home was fairly common. At least it had been when I was growing up.
The more I thought about not working at my old job, the freer I felt. These next few days were going to be fun. I could catch up with Katy and maybe some other old school friends I hadn’t seen in a while. Relax and regroup.
Katy Smythe had been my best friend all through high school. The kind with who you share all your secrets and talk on the phone about boys. It was funny to think of what was high drama back then, though sometimes eighteen–year–old–boy drama was remarkably similar to thirty something boy drama. Lately, our relationship had been relegated to the occasional Christmas card, which I felt bad about because Katy had always been there for me. Time just seemed to get away, and before I knew it, months passed. I was terrible about keeping up with old friends. I spent all my time working to reach my professional goals. That didn’t work out so well, so I resolved to change my priorities.
I pulled into my parents’ driveway and couldn’t help smiling at what I saw. The landscape was beautiful. It was moments like these, when I came back home to visit, that I realized why my parents loved living here so much. The long and twisty driveway lined with huge oak trees just starting to develop small green buds with the onset of warm spring weather. My mother had already planted some beautiful red and pink flowers. Gardening was her source of pride, and she spent hours outside in the yard making sure things were perfect. Every year she tried to out–do herself in making the yard look even better.
As I took in the sight of my parent’s house, memories of being a kid flooded back. Walking to the school bus had always been a chore. In bad weather, it seemed to take forever to get to the protection of the little dollhouse-like bus stop house my dad had built to shelter me while I waited. And when I’d been late for the bus, which was often, I had to run down the entire length of the driveway, screaming all the way, so the bus wouldn’t leave me.
My parents, Clark and Sue Thurman, lived in the same two–story white Colonial house for over thirty years. This had always been a loving home, and as I approached the familiar white house, a feeling of calmness washed over me. There was something about coming back to a place that, for eighteen years, had been a source of comfort. Although I couldn’t wait to get out of this small town when I turned eighteen and went off to college, I could also appreciate the peace of my home now. After adding one more crappy boyfriend to my string of losers, and after losing my job, I needed some tranquility. Maybe this visit could be the start of a harmonious relationship with my mother, like the one I had always envisioned. I envied the way my friend Julie from the city was with her mom, always shopping and gossiping on the phone. Julie’s mom seemed interested in what she was doing, not so critical.
As my black Kia Sportage rolled to a stop in front of the detached garage, my parents walked out onto the wraparound porch. My dad had built the porch himself. Carpentry wasn’t one of his best talents, but at the time, my parents couldn’t afford to have someone build it for them. My mother wanted a porch so badly, because many of her friends had one, that dad spent all of his spare time researching how to build it. Back in the days before YouTube when it was much harder than Googling a how-to video. Many weekends and a few injuries later, she had her porch, which she loved, crooked boards and all. I could only hope to get a great guy like that someday.
I stepped out of my car as my dad walked up and gave me a big hug. I smelled comfort in my dad’s tried and true Old Spice cologne.
“We’re so glad that you’re here,” he said, kissing me on the cheek. Noticing the puppy, who by this time had jumped out of the car, he just shook his head and smiled but didn’t say a word. Knowing my mom would have plenty to say. He went and grabbed my hot pink suitcase out of the back of my car, and I grabbed the rest of my stuff. A carry-on tote and my computer bag, which was excessive for a weekend with the folks, but you never knew what might come up. I needed to have the right shoes for every situation, even in Alkon. Shoes, bags, and accessories of all kinds were just as important as food; actually, they were probably more important than food. Right after coffee and before food was probably the perfect priority for accessories.
“Me, too, Dad,” I said affectionately, realizing how much I missed him. He was the epitome of tall, dark, and handsome. Just over six feet tall, his dark wavy hair was now starting to turn silver, which always looked good on men. Not fair at all. He had dark brown eyes, almost black, but they were always sparkling. My dad and I had always had a close relationship because he had played the role of mediator between my mom and me on many occasions.
“It’s been too long since the last time you were here. I know you’re busy with your life in the city, but we’re not that far away,” he chided gently.
“I know, I know. Mother never fails to remind me each time we talk.” It was precisely why I had to force myself to call home each week. I loved my mother, but I hated being made to feel guilty. I didn’t call enough or come home enough. I was good enough at making myself feel guilty; I didn’t need her help.
“She only acts that way because she misses you, King,” my dad replied. Using my long time family nickname, which, for the record I hated, no doubt the reason my dad still used it. Because he knew, it annoyed me.
My mother had always been an avid Elvis Presley fan. Since I wasn’t a boy, she couldn’t name me Elvis something I was thankful for every day. Instead, she named me Presley. Then, when my brother was born, her fixation on Elvis still going strong. Recognizing that she couldn’t have two children named Presley and Elvis, she named him Jesse, after Elvis’s twin brother who died at birth. Unfortunately, my dad started calling me King for the King of rock ’n’ roll when I was a baby. At one point, I liked the nickname, but as I got older, it got to be annoying and embarrassing. Of course, he thought it was hilarious.
“Can we stop with the nickname?” I asked, “I am an adult and it’s not cute anymore. King sounds like the name of a German shepherd, not your daughter.” I knew I was wasting my breath with this request, and my dad didn’t even get a chance to reply because as we walked up onto the porch, my mother started in.
“It’s about time you got here. You said you’d be here around three, and it’s going on six. We were worried sick,” she said, snapping at me, wringing the dishtowel in her hand. While I didn’t relish listening to her chastise me, it was comforting in an odd way. It made me feel I was finally home. My mother had probably cooked all day, and I was going to hear about how I had screwed up dinner, even though it would still taste perfect. Patience, I told myself. Deep breath in...relax. I tried remembering the calming things I’d learned in yoga the few times I tried it. Though when the yoga instructor said to be at peace with yourself, I had been thinking about work, food, or wine—all the things I would rather be doing. Don’t let her get to you, I said to myself. You’re an adult now.
“What are you wearing? And what is that?” My mother gasped. I wasn’t sure what bothered her the most, my outfit or the puppy that was running into her house. I looked down at myself, almost afraid by my mother’s expression that I was naked and didn’t realize it.
What could be wrong with this? I had on my favorite, albeit only, genuine Juicy sweat suit purchased from a thrift store. It was a perfect fit, the kind where the pants fit snugly in all the right places. I had been going to my Pilates classes religiously for the past six weeks just to be able to wear this. When I put it on this morning, I had wondered if I should wait a few more weeks but threw caution to the wind and wore it anyway. Who was going to see me on the drive to Alkon other than a bunch of truck drivers and the gas station employees where I stopped? Plus, vibrant green was one of my best colors. It brought out enough of my other great features that a little extra here and there wasn’t very noticeable. Or so I thought. As usual, my mother was adept at making me doubt myself.
“Mother, I’m a big girl now. I didn’t realize that I needed to check in,” I said, annoyed that it took all of two minutes for her to make me feel sixteen again. “Besides, I said afternoon. Technically, wouldn’t that give me until five o’clock? So I’m just an hour late.” I didn’t say anything about my mother’s comment regarding my clothes, even though I wanted to. It wasn’t worth the argument. Maybe I was reaching a new level of maturity since I was able to let my mother’s snide comments go like that.
“Aren’t you just happy I’m here, Mother?” I asked, giving her a peck on the cheek, trying to keep the peace. “You look great.” Dressed in what I always called the Junior League uniform: conservative tan slacks with a mauve sweater set. Complete with the pearl buttons and a strand of pearls around her neck. Her auburn hair was pulled back in a chignon, and she was wearing minimal makeup, just a swish of pale pink lipstick and mascara. She had amazing skin and didn’t need any more than that. She looked like she could host any kind of charity event at a moment’s notice and, on occasion, had. My mom had a knack for being able to throw things together at the last minute that turned out fabulous. I, on the other hand, often felt scattered, and half pulled together, and that was on a good day.
“Don’t be sassy with me, young lady. You could have had the common courtesy to call and tell us. Isn’t that what your cell phone is for? You could have been lying dead in a ditch. How would we know? I hope you are hungry at least, though the food is ruined after sitting for so long. Might as well feed it to that mangy dog you dragged with you. Since when do you have a dog?”
With that, she stomped back in the house. I looked back at my dad for help, and he just shrugged his shoulders, his eyes twinkling with laughter. He never seemed to let her criticisms bother him. He just rolled with the punches.
“Glad you still find this so amusing, Dad,” I said, rolling my eyes.
“What can I say? It’s what I live for,” he joked back. “It wouldn’t seem the same if you two didn’t bicker all the time.”
Even though I had been here all of five seconds, and had already been yelled at, I was excited about dinner as my mom was a great cook. She just didn’t understand that three big meals a day, fried, breaded, and always including dessert, were not good for my waistline. I never failed to gain about two pounds per day every time I visited. Don’t ask me why my parents weren’t five hundred pounds with the food my mom always fixed. I already had enough trouble fitting into my size eights. Yep, this was going to be a tough weekend in many ways.
After settling the puppy in the laundry room where I gave her water and some hot dogs I took when my mom wasn’t looking, I sat down to a delicious pot roast, still moist, of course, and not ruined as my mother had threatened. I made a mental note to go to the neighbors after dinner to borrow some dog food until I could make it to the store tomorrow.
“So, how long are you planning on staying?” she asked.
“I’m not sure. I have a couple things I need to do next week.” That wasn’t entirely true, but I wanted an out if my mother started driving me crazy. Then I could leave and not feel as guilty about it.
“Is Rick going to be joining you?”
“No, Mother, I told you last week we were still broken up.” I had recently broken up with Rick, and now I was going to have to listen to my mom go on and on about how horrible it was to be single at my age.
“You’re not getting any younger, you know. If you had listened to me, this would never have happened. But no, you never listen to me.”
“Mother, he cheated on me. How do you figure me not listening to you could have impacted that?”
“I agree he’s a jerk. But, I told you when you moved in with him that you were rushing things. I guess I was right,” she said.
“Let’s not have this conversation. Rick is history. Can we please just move on? Let’s not talk about anything negative. Let’s just enjoy each other’s company.”
My mother changed topics with minimal effort. She seemed to accept my request to move on, but I knew she would bring it up again later. “I ran into Brian Ames the other day. He’s such a nice boy.”
I kept silent; eating my pot roast, mashed potatoes, and green beans, all of course, smothered with gravy. I thought that maybe if I ignored my mother, she would lose interest. Besides, dinner was so good that it commanded my full concentration. Whenever I sat down at the table, all resolve to adhere to my diet went out the window. I’d already decided my diet wouldn’t start until I went back home. No way was I turning down any of this food. It was worth starving myself later. My God, I wished I could cook like this. Except, I would never fit my skinny jeans or my even fat jeans if I did. I’d have to start investing in elastic waist.
“I told him you would be here this weekend,” she said, giving me a disapproving glance as I reached for seconds of the gravy. Obviously, my mother wasn’t distracted enough by what she was saying to not notice how much I was eating.
“You did what?” I said through a mouthful of food, ignoring her look. “Why would you do that? You never even liked Brian.” Brian Ames had been my high school boyfriend. He’d been a star football player, which in high school meant that he was the coolest boy ever… Brian and I had been together off and on until after graduation. Then I realized his big plan for the future was to stay in Alkon and be a mechanic. He also thought we should get married and settle down in Alkon. There wasn’t anything wrong with that, it just wasn’t my dream, had other plans.
He expected me to be little Susie homemaker, but Housekeeper of the Year wasn’t on my agenda. Since the age of fourteen, I had wanted to go to the big city, be independent, and have a career. Brian wanted Betty Crocker; I wanted Katherine Graham. Things weren’t pretty at the end, but what breakup was good when you were eighteen? At that age, everything seems like the most important thing ever.
“Well, you were too young and way too serious,” my mother said. “But he’s grown up nice, and he has his own garage now, making a good living. I hear he’s the best mechanic in town. Isn’t that right, Clark?”
My dad just looked at her and smiled, clearly amused by the situation but not willing to be drawn into our argument. I could clearly see where this was going. My mother was afraid I would end up an old maid. All the town girls my age and younger were married with babies, and I was single. To my mother that was the unthinkable. So now she was pimping me out to an ex–boyfriend she never even liked in the first place? Were all mothers like this or just mine?
“Anyway, I...” She started to say.
The doorbell rang, and I immediately knew what my mother had started to say. I looked at her; eyes narrowed and steam was practically coming out of my ears. I was going to kill her. I couldn’t believe this; my mother invited him over.
“...invited him over for dessert,” she said and jumped up from the table to answer the door. She was almost at a sprint in two steps, which was impressive. Who knew she could move that fast? “I thought you two might like to catch up.”
“How could you?” I said in a loud whisper. I looked at my dad. “How could you let her do this?” I jumped out of my seat, furious, almost willing to forgo dessert and sneak out the back door.
My dad threw up his hands and smiled. “I had no idea, King.” Sure he was telling the truth, I still gave him a dirty look, simply for being amused at the situation. This was in no way funny.
I followed on my mother’s heels, unable to believe she would do this to me. My mother just didn’t understand that I was fine being alone. Many women stayed single forever and were happy. I wanted to meet a good guy and have a family, but it wasn’t the only thing out there.
I was about to yell when she hurriedly opened the door. She knew it would shut me up, at least temporarily. One of the things we had in common was our ability to put up a good front and not air dirty laundry in public. Thurman’s never let anyone see them sweat. It was one of the traits I was grateful to my mother for, and amazed at how handy this skill had been in my life.
“Hello, Brian,” my mother gushed, instantly changing her attitude, always the hostess. No wonder people thought she was the nicest person. When I was a kid, all my friends thought she was great. “Come on in.”
I looked up at Brian. I needed to be polite and to say hi, but I was momentarily taken aback. Brian had been cute in high school, but he had not grown into a handsome man. He was already losing his hair. It wasn’t at all what I expected. Made me wonder how he saw me.
“Hi, Brian,” I said.
I looked over and saw my mother was beaming as if she just discovered the Holy Grail. I resigned myself to having Brian over for dessert. Maybe it wasn’t such a bad idea. After all, I still had my mother’s chocolate cake to look forward to—and that made anything tolerable.
******
Dessert wasn’t as bad as it could have been. Brian was charming and super nice to my mother, although I didn’t need my mother to have any more reason to like him. She’d only bug me even more about why I couldn’t live happily ever after with Brian, and give her the grandchildren she wanted.
“That was wonderful Mrs. Thurman. Thank you for inviting me over for dessert.”
“You’re most welcome Brian,” my mother gushed.
“Presley, would you like to take a drive?” he asked.
Oh God. How did I get out of this one. “Um, that sounds good but I need to run a couple errands. Take a rain check?”
His face fell but just for a moment. I couldn’t imagine he was disappointed.
“Sure,” he said and then there were a few minutes of silence. “I probably should be going,” he said pushing back his chair. “Thanks again.”
“I’ll walk you out, Brian,” I said and got up.
“It was good seeing you again, Pres,” Brian said as we reached the door.
“You too.”
Brian started to lean in toward me a little, and I thought, no way is he going to try and kiss me. I stepped a little to the side and stuck out my hand.
“Good night Brian,” I said. He shook my hand awkwardly and then walked out the door, me closing it behind him.
Whew, I leaned against the door. That was dodging a bullet.
I grabbed my keys and purse from the side table by the door.
“Mom, Dad, I’m leaving. Be back later,” I yelled from the foyer, not waiting for a response.
I first headed to the neighbors, and they graciously gave me a few days’ supply of dog chow and then headed to town.
I stopped at the Coffee Café. The town’s only answer to a coffee shop. Starbucks it wasn’t.
I ordered a large non-fat vanilla latte and then sat down in a booth that looked like it had once belonged to a Dunkin Donuts; it was a faded pink and orange. As I looked around, I realized that everything in the cafe was used. What did they do, go to a bunch of going–out–of–business sales to furnish this place? Katy had mentioned to me they remodeled, so I had expected new, not used, décor.
I took a sip of my latte, which was surprisingly good, and let my mind wander. I looked around the Coffee Café at the other customers, wondering if I would see a familiar face.
I noticed—of all people—Helen Daniels, the wife of Senator Tom Daniels, talking to a much younger man I didn’t recognize. Helen was even more attractive in person than she was in her pictures. I hadn’t seen her in person for years. Older than me by about ten years, I hadn’t known her personally and since Tom was elected senator, they spent most of their time in Washington, according to my mom.
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Helen Daniels arguing with a man in her booth. Now that was interesting. Maybe I could pick up some juicy gossip to share with Katy. The man looked familiar to me, but I couldn’t quite place him. I wished there was someone here I could ask, and then it hit me, I thought the guy was Tobey Stone. He was the younger brother of a guy named Chris, who was in my grade back in high school. I wondered what he could have to argue about with someone like Helen Daniels.
As I contemplated my next step, a familiar face came into the coffee shop. Another high school buddy, Dirt Robinson, whose real name was Derrick. After eating dirt on a dare in fifth grade, he was given the nickname and it stuck, making him the coolest kid in junior high. I wondered if he still went by Dirt. I couldn’t fathom calling him anything else, but as an adult, I was sure it had lost some of its coolness. As he walked up to the counter, he saw me sitting at the table, broke into a wide smile, and strolled over.
“Look what the cat dragged in. To what do we owe this honor that you would grace us with your presence?” Dirt said to me with a mock bow.
I squealed and gave him a hug. Always great friends back in the day, we had lost touch. Last I had heard he was in the army. “It’s so good to see you, Dirt. Just visiting the family. What are you up to these days?”
“Look at me, sister! I’m the law,” he said with arrogance, though I knew he was joking. I took a closer look at him and noticed he was wearing a sheriff’s uniform. Finally, proof that something around this town had changed, or maybe proof the town was going crazy.
“Are you freaking kidding me? You, a cop? They must have been desperate.”
In our past lives, Dirt had run with the rowdy crowd, spending more time partying, causing trouble, and breaking the law than worrying about other people doing the right thing. I was shocked that he was a cop now. Nothing could have surprised me more. I would have guessed that he’d end up in jail, not running the jail. I was mostly kidding. He wasn’t that bad, but this was a stretch for the Dirt I had known.
“Not just a cop, Presley, but an elected official. That means they wanted me,” he said in a manner that I first took to be joking, but after looking at his face I saw he was dead serious. “Since I know how a juvenile delinquent’s mind works, I can figure them out. It makes me effective at my job.” He laughed. Having been one himself, I could see how this might now work to his advantage. “Besides, not much serious crime happens here, so I have a lot of time to fish. And you have to admit the uniform looks good on me.” He preened for me.
I laughed. “Still the same conceited jerk, I see. You don’t look half bad, Dirt, but Erik Estrada is still the sexiest cop,” I teased.
“C’mon, Pres, you’re breaking my heart. How can you not find me drop–dead gorgeous?” he said with exaggerated bravado.
I agreed that he looked good in his uniform. His lanky frame had filled out, giving him a sinewy hardness. Just less than six feet tall, he had beautiful curly black hair, which had been long in high school and was now cut short, military style. And the most beautiful blue eyes. “So, are you on duty now?” I asked. “Or can you stay for a while?”
“I thought we could catch up.”
“Of course. I have about thirty minutes.”
“Wow, a whole thirty minutes,” I joked.
“Why? Planning on speeding on your way out of town?”
“Senator Daniels is in town for some big speech which has us all hopping.”
“Yeah, I saw Helen talking to Tobey Stone. They were arguing about something.”
“He was probably trying to convince her not to go public with the knowledge of Tom’s latest affair.”
“Really?”
“Yeah. Tobey is the Senator’s assistant and the Senator, he’s a womanizer,” Dirt said, and I could see his jaw clench.
“And you seem mad about that? Why do you care?”
“I just don’t like him. Thinks we all should jump to do his bidding.”
Before I could ask any more questions, his radio went off.
“That’s my cue. I need to head out,” he said. “Good to see you.”
“Back at ya. Glad to know who to call if I get in trouble,” I said, with a teasing tap on his shoulder.



Chapter 4

As the bright sun washed into my room, I opened my eyes and for a moment forgot where I was. I didn’t care much, as long as I could get some more sleep. I closed my eyes again and rolled over, hugging my pillow and snuggling down in anticipation of at least a few more minutes of shut-eye. I’d been having a wonderful dream about a beach, a parade of good–looking men, and me in a size–four bikini. I wanted it to continue.
“Getup, lazy head! Breakfast is on the table!” my mother yelled up the stairs.
I sat up and was quickly jolted into the reality that I was home. Not in my home, but rather my parents’ home. Argh. I flopped back down on the bed and shut my eyes again, willing myself to go back to sleep and to dream of anywhere but here. I wasn’t sure I was ready to face the world this morning—a common anxiety for me, especially before coffee.
There was a brief moment where I inhaled, and then smelled the rich aromas of coffee and homemade cinnamon waffles wafting up to my room. Mmmm... heaven. Now this was motivation to get up.
“Come on,” my mother yelled again. She didn’t believe anyone needed to sleep past five in the morning. To do so was laziness. When I was in high school, this aspect of my mother’s personality sucked. My friends always hated staying over because she always made them get up early, too, no matter what time we had gone to bed.
“I’m coming! Give me a minute.” Groaning inwardly, I pushed myself up, swung my legs over the bed, and shuffled to the bathroom, trying to rub the sleep out of my eyes.
My room was still the same as it was when I had lived at home: lime green walls with hot pink trim. I had chosen the colors in middle school, and while I still liked that combination, a room full of it was a bit much. Stuffed animals lined the shelves, along with my pom–poms and other memorabilia. It made me laugh when I thought of how important I used to think all of this stuff was. One time, when I asked my mother why she never redecorated my room into something more practical, she said she was waiting for grandchildren so she could turn it into a nursery. It wasn’t a topic I ever brought up again. Even though I loved kids, at this point in my life, it wasn’t something I was ready to think about.
I stepped up to the antique pedestal sink my mother found at a flea market and splashed ice–cold water on my face to wake myself up. It helped a little, and I knew the coffee waiting for me downstairs would finish the job. I often wished I could mainline coffee. Stick a needle in a few minutes before I woke up, infusing me with what it took to get my day started.
I thought about getting dressed for all of two seconds, but decided I needed that coffee sooner rather than later. If my mother didn’t like my blue Scooby Doo pajamas, well too bad, she would just have to live with it.
I padded down the stairs into the kitchen where both my parents were seated. This had always been a gathering spot growing up and was one of my favorite parts of the house. The other rooms seemed rarely used compared to the kitchen, when I thought about it. My mother was constantly in there cooking something that smelled wonderful, or brewing an endless supply of iced tea.
After school as a kid, I would sit in the warm and homey kitchen and tell my folks about my day, leaving out any bad things I did, while eating fresh–baked homemade cookies. The kitchen was still decorated the same as it had been when I was growing up, but I liked it. Pale yellow walls with light blue trim accents and a brick–red tile design as a splash guard behind the sink and around the counter. The whole house had beautiful oak wood floors, real wood that stood the test of time, and the kitchen was no exception. In this room, my mother had a beautiful handmade rag rug under the table. The kind where you wanted to take your shoes off and dig your toes in the pile.
This morning my dad sat at the table, talking to my mom and nursing his coffee. Together since they were fifteen, they were still best friends and never seemed to run out of things to discuss. My mother dressed for the day in ivory dress slacks and a rose–colored silk blouse with ornate buttons, complete, of course, with earrings and her pearl necklace. She handed me a steaming cup of coffee when I walked in, just the way I liked it: lots of cream, two Splendas.
“Thank you,” I said and gave her a hug.
“What are your plans today?” asked my dad over his coffee as I sat down to my plate of steaming waffles and crispy bacon. It was nice being spoiled with coffee put in my hand and food on the table. I could get used to this—there had to be some great guy out there wanting to cater to me. Was that asking too much?
I noticed my dad was still in his bathrobe, so I didn’t feel so bad for being in pajamas, though I was surprised my mother let that slide. She must be loosening up.
“Nothing concrete,” I replied and took a sip of coffee. The first sip always tasted so good. I knew it was purely psychological, but I swore I felt it coursing through my veins, waking me up bit by bit. I poured syrup on my waffles and dug in with my fork. My taste buds were in ecstasy. I had become so used to the frozen stuff that I had forgotten how much better homemade ones were.
I didn’t ever cook. In fact, I wasn’t sure the stove in my condominium even worked, and I was pretty sure I didn’t own a waffle maker. I was a microwave girl. It wasn’t worth the trouble for me to cook, but I was more than willing to eat someone else’s efforts.
“I was thinking about going into town to visit Katy. I would love to see her new salon and the look on her face when she sees me.”
Katy, my best friend from high school, owned the town’s most upscale beauty salon. To be more accurate, it would be the town’s only beauty salon, unless you counted Bob’s Barbershop, which wasn’t technically a beauty salon. I knew it was the best, even by Chicago standards. Katy and I both attended cosmetology school via the vocational program in high school. Katy did it because she loved it; I did it because Katy was doing it and because it got me out of two-class periods in school. Since it had been a while, I was looking forward to surprising her.
“Katy does a great job, Presley.” My mother spoke up. She was now standing at the waffle maker, waiting for the remaining waffle to finish cooking. “You should see what she did with Gertrude Mayweather. She looks ten years younger.”
“Then she looks seventy instead of eighty?” my dad teased. “Is that an improvement, Sue?”
“It’s important to women,” she said, giving him a dirty look. “It might be something you should take note of.”
At this, I rolled my eyes. To an outsider, it might look as if he’d made her mad, but I knew this was a game to them. After all these years, I was used to it.
“Have you guys talked to Jesse lately?”
“He’s like you. Doesn’t call like he should,” my mother replied.
“He called last week,” my dad said. “Wednesday I think it was, to let us know that he was going on a few interviews, or auditions, whatever they call it.”
“That’s what he said last time I talked to him,” I said. “Does he think he’s going to make it as an actor?”
My dad shrugged. “Who knows with him, Presley? But at least he goes for what he wants. Even if that changes every few months.”
“He just needs to find his true calling, but you can’t rush that,” my mother added. “Better he tries out some different things than rush into something.”
“You always make excuses for him. It’s not fair.”
“But you’ve always had a plan, Presley, that’s just the way you are. He’s always been a dreamer. He’ll find his way.”
I didn’t disagree with my mother’s assessment of my brother’s personality, and he always got so fired up about his new careers that you couldn’t help but get excited with him. I just got jealous sometimes that it seemed like my parents had different expectations for him than for me. You had to love family dynamics.
I took my dishes to the sink, rinsed them off, and put them in the dishwasher.
“What are you two doing today?” I asked.
“I have a garden club meeting. We’re planning the annual summer show. I hope to have my roses in there this year. I skipped last year because they just weren’t where they needed to be.” My mother fretted. “I still think I under fertilized in the spring, but it’s so hard to know. Who knows what your father’s doing?”
“Might go see if Bill needs any help. He’s restoring an old Corvette Stingray. Piece of junk now, but she’ll be cherry when she’s finished.” My dad loved old cars and was always helping his buddy, Bill, with his clunkers. How they spent hours out there, I didn’t know. It didn’t always seem like they got a lot of work done for the amount of time they spent working.
After a quick shower, I dried my hair and threw on a pair of boot cut jeans and a black lightweight turtleneck, perfect for a cool spring day. Black boots with two–inch heels and matching silver necklace and earrings completed my outfit. Simple and casual. I headed into town to visit Katy’s Klassy Kuts.
On the way, I thought about the past. Katy and I had been inseparable since second grade, but once I went to college and Katy stayed here and opened her salon, we just drifted apart. Katy never understood why I liked the city so much. She preferred to be a big fish in a small pond. She always told me that the city was too busy and impersonal, while I couldn’t see why Katy would want to stay here in this small-town. It was, ironically, the same issue I had with Brian, but unlike with Brian, despite our differences and the distance, Katy and I were still great friends.
Katy and I hadn’t seen each other in almost two years because I rarely came back home. My parents usually came to see me in the city. Good friends were hard to find; I needed to make more of an effort with Katy. A friend who could remember who you were at thirteen was rare. Those were the friends who kept you grounded...or at least helped you make fun of yourself.
Business must be booming; I thought as I pulled into the nearly full parking lot of the salon. I walked through the door with my resolve to be a better friend and could hear the gossipy chatter of the salon. I smiled as I heard Katy’s voice-over the noise of the dryers. Looking around, I was impressed. Remodeled since the last time I saw it; it was gorgeous.
“I don’t know, Joyce. He looks pretty damn cute to me...” I heard Katy say as I snuck up behind her. “I sure wouldn’t kick him out of my bed for a small transgression like that.”
“But, Katy, he was ogling that new waitress and I was right there. All I can think of is what he must be doing when I’m not with him.”
“Honey, men are always going to look. It’s in their nature, and we can’t stop it. As long as he knows what you’ll do to him if he does any more than look, then I don’t see the problem. He’s an attractive man, and you don’t want to get rid of him.”
“Well, then I wouldn’t either,” I interrupted, surprising Katy by walking up behind her. “You’ve always had good taste in men, even if you have a one-track mind with what to do with them.” I had always admired Katy’s openness about sex. She knew what she wanted; she just didn’t always make the best choices. But who did?
Shocked, Katy turned around and squealed, “Oh my God! It’s you, Presley Thurman in the flesh. You do still exist. And here I thought those Christmas cards were computer generated.” Katy gave me a big hug, excited. “What brings you here, and how long are you staying?”
Katy was exactly as I remembered from the last time I saw her. Beautiful blonde hair, of course out of the bottle like so many others, but hers sure seemed natural. Five foot three with generous curves—the kind men liked to grab onto, in Katy’s words...
Today Katy looked great in her form–fitting jeans and low–cut fuchsia top. She had on some great large, black costume jewelry that accented the fuchsia. She also wore tennis shoes, which considering she spent most of her time on her feet; it made sense. Plus, they were cute fuchsia Adidas. I might have to see where Katy got those.
“I just found out yesterday that I would be coming into town and wanted it to be a surprise.”
“Are you here visiting your parents?”
“Yup, I had some unexpected free time and haven’t been here for a while. Thought I should pay a visit.”
“Free time?” Katy said as she continued to work on Joyce’s hair. “Did you take vacation time from work?”
“Yeah, well, not really. Currently, I am unemployed,” I said, a little nervously. It was a scary thing to say. “I’ll fill you in later when we have a lot more time, but enough about me. You look like you’re doing wonderful for yourself, Katy. This place is gorgeous! I’m so happy for you,” I said, giving her another hug.
“Well, I have always wanted a good man too and that hasn’t happened yet.” Katy laughed. “But as far as the salon, I can’t complain,” she continued, with well–deserved pride in her voice looking around at all she had built. “I forgot you hadn’t seen it since I remodeled.”
“She should be proud,” said Joyce, Katy’s current customer. “Nobody can do color the way Katy does. Look at this. You can’t tell this isn’t my natural color. Besides, who cares about men? Nothing but trouble.”
Katy shook her head. “You can say that because you’re married.”
“Happily married for five years. Five out of forty ain’t bad,” Joyce cackled.
The women in the salon laughed at that remark. Many other patrons chimed in with agreement to Joyce’s statement. I rolled my eyes but admitted it was amusing, and there was a fun energy in this place.
“Listen, Katy,” I said, “I know you’re busy working but I was hoping we could get together for dinner. You know, catch up.”
“That would be great, Pres, but only if we are having drinks,” Katy said. “Meet me at La Casa at seven tonight. I’ll buy the margaritas.”
“Yum! La Casa has the best margaritas anywhere.”
La Casa wasn’t a Mexican restaurant, as its name implied. Rather, it was a melting pot of food. If you craved it, it was probably on the menu and could be counted on to be fantastic. How it got its name was anyone’s guess, but it was your typical greasy spoon with a liquor license.
“Even better than anywhere in your fancy Chicago?” Katy asked, smirking.
“Even there.” Just thinking about a cold margarita made me salivate, probably not a great thing to think about when it wasn’t even lunchtime.
“It’s a date. I get done here at six, so I shouldn’t be late,” Katy said.
“All right, see you then.”



Chapter 5

Since finding out Senator Daniels was in town, an idea had been brewing in the back of my mind. Maybe I could speak to him. Interview him or something and present it to Trevor to show I could add value to his online magazine. Convince him he needed to have me. I found myself wanting to try my hand at this.
At breakfast my mom had said he was staying at the Hilltop Marriott, which was odd since his wife was from here, and they had a house here. I headed that direction thinking what the hell, what’s the worst he could say. Just no.
I walked into the lobby of the Hilltop Marriott a few minutes later. It wasn’t busy for a Friday, but it wasn’t as if Alkon was a great tourist spot or the ideal place for conventions. It was too far off the beaten path for that. What the Marriott didn’t have in the way of regular guests today, they made up for with private security. I saw security agents wherever I looked, at least I presumed them to be some security, as they were all dressed in black and had those cool earpiece thingies.
Must be nice to be this important. But why did Senator Daniels need all this security? Was it all for him? He was a senator, not the president, and Alkon wasn’t exactly the crime capital of Illinois.
I hadn’t been inside the hotel in a long time, but it looked recently renovated and upscale, all done up in dark, rich hues of red. I looked at the monstrosity of the chandelier and wondered if it was real glass or plastic. It must have weighed a ton if it was glass, but it fit right in with the deep red–velvet wallpaper and high–backed chairs in the lobby. I thought I should have went home and changed into something a little more professional, but then I hadn’t packed anything more professional. I hadn’t expected to need it.
“Excuse me, miss.” A man in a somber black suit interrupted my thoughts. By the look of him, I could tell that he was one of the plethora of security guards. The earpiece gave him away. “No unauthorized people are allowed in this area of the hotel.”
“Hi,” I said sweetly. My name is Presley Thurman. I was hoping to speak with Senator Daniels.”
“One minute, please,” the man said, holding up his finger as he proceeded to talk into the secret ninja microphone discreetly hidden in his lapel, which I admit, was pretty cool.
“I’m sorry, miss, but he’s not seeing anyone without an appointment today.” Attempting to usher me to the door, he put his hand on my elbow and began pushing me toward the exit.
“Listen, I know you have a job to do but I’m from out of town, and I am only here for a few days. I was hoping to get just a few minutes of his time.”
The guy just looked at me, seemingly bored and resigned to having to deal with this inconvenience. I’m sure it happened a lot in his line of work.
“Ma’am, I’m sorry,” the man repeated in his calm patronizing voice. That might work to intimidate most people, but I wasn’t most people. If he thought I was going to cave this easy, he was crazy.
As I geared up to try and convince him to let me by, I heard someone walk up behind me.
“What seems to be the problem, Simon?” a man asked. The man’s voice sounded familiar, which I thought strange. I couldn’t think of anyone I knew who worked for Senator Daniels other than Tobey Stone, and this voice was not Tobey’s.
“Well, sir,” the man named Simon started to reply, but I cut him off.
“I was hoping to get a few minutes with Senator Daniels.” As I turned around to face the man who’d spoken, I came face–to–face with Cooper Sands. And for a moment I was speechless.
The proverbial bad boy in high school, Cooper was tall, dark, handsome, and a lot of trouble, which made him even more attractive to the average high school girl. Hell, it made him attractive right now, and I wasn’t a high school girl anymore. He used to run with a more dangerous crowd than my own, partied, and got in minor trouble with the law, much like his good friend Dirt. The garden variety smashing mailboxes and spray painting street signs kind of trouble. However, this bad boy with a chip on his shoulder had come to my rescue once after one of my many breakups with Brian. We had talked for hours and something about Cooper made me feel comfortable. I couldn’t explain it.
Cooper had taken me home that night. Afterward he never spoke to me again, except for a nod as we passed in the halls. I was crushed because I had thought we’d shared something special and had become friends, but he clearly thought differently. It had happened right at the end of the school year, so luckily I hadn’t seen him at school for that long before we graduated and went our separate ways. I headed to Chicago and over time, forgot about Cooper Sands. I hadn’t spoken to or seen him since then and hadn’t thought about him in years.
It was all childish history, I thought as I faced him. Except that he was still great looking. No matter what kind of jerk he may have been and probably still was, I couldn’t argue that he was hot— whew—hot enough that I felt I was about to melt. Cooper had always been tall, but he wasn’t skinny anymore. Against my better judgment he had filled out in all the right places, I noticed, He obviously got to the gym more often than I did, which wasn’t saying much. His hair, which had been dark brown, longish, and wavy was now cut short on the sides and a little spiky on top. The effect was masculine, and in combination with his piercing blue eyes, made him look like a Gap model. In fact, he reminded me of a poster I saw last time I shopped at the Gap.
If I weren’t so shocked to see Cooper, my hormones would’ve have went into overdrive. There wasn’t any time for my hormones to act because I was too busy wondering what the hell he was doing here. “What the hell? You have to be kidding. Of all people to run into.”
“Well, hello to you too, Presley Thurman,” Cooper said with exaggerated politeness. “Simon, I’ll take it from here.” Cooper nodded to him.
“Sure, boss.” Simon walked away, glaring at me as he left. I wouldn’t want to work in security, but I had to admit that covert communication stuff was cool. I could envision hanging out at the bar with my Chicago buddies Anna and Jared, checking out guys and talking about them through the cool ear buds.
As Simon walked away, Cooper put his hand on my elbow and tried to lead me off to a side office, which brought my attention back to the present.
“Get your hands off me!” I said pulling away and trying to act angry. It was hard for me to maintain pretend outrage when I had to work so hard to keep from drooling over Cooper. What was that saying from Casablanca? Of all the gin joints, in all the world... However, that wasn’t the priority now. I needed to focus on getting to speak to Senator Daniels and good looks or not; he wasn’t going to stop me.
“Nice to see you too and I’m sorry, but the Senator isn’t seeing people who don’t have an appointment. Do you have an appointment?” he asked, his eyes twinkling. He knew I didn’t and was just playing with me.
“As I told that other guy…”
“You mean Simon,” he interrupted.
“I’m not taking no for an answer. I just need a few minutes.”
Cooper stood there and listened with half a smile on his face. I couldn’t tell for sure if he was laughing at me, but I had a strong suspicion he was and it was making me mad.
“I can see you haven’t changed much. You’re still the same headstrong, opinionated person. I’m sorry to disappoint you King, but there is no way you are getting in to see the senator today. Maybe tomorrow. Call Tobey later and see, but Senator Daniels is not taking any more appointments today.”
I was annoyed at the situation, annoyed at Cooper, and downright pissed that I was having a hard time focusing on the problem because his looks were so distracting.
“Don’t call me King,” I added. I hated that I found myself pleased that he remembered it after all these years. I had told him the family nickname and how much I hated it during our night together. Amazed he remembered, he went up a few notches in my eyes, which only further confused my mixed feelings.
As we stood there glaring at each other (well, me glaring and him amused), the senator walked out of the adjoining office and began to pass right by me. Here was my chance. Screw it, I was talking to him whether Cooper liked it or not.
“Senator Daniels, excuse me for a second.” I strode away from Cooper to where the senator had stopped. He looked at me. Annoyance was quickly replaced by a plastered on political smile as he looked me up and down.
“What can I help you with, sweetheart?” the senator asked in a tone that was a bit creepy, while shaking my hand. Senator Daniels was a handsome man, if you liked the aging–pretty–boy look, although to his credit, he was aging well. Dressed in a conservative gray suit, plain shirt, and a lime green tie that added a splash of color. His suit looked expensive, and considering his wife came from money, I was sure it was.
“I’m sorry I don’t have an appointment but I was hoping to get a few minutes of your time,” I said, “Surely, you have a few minutes to spare. I promise I won’t take up too much of your time. This is important to me, and I’m sure your constituents would love to hear from you.” It was not my norm to suck up, but in this case, I figured it would get me what I wanted the quickest way possible. The senator seemed like someone who would easily succumb to flattery.
“Well, I am busy today, but I can take a few minutes for a pretty little thing like you.”
“But, Sir,” Cooper started to say. I could tell he wasn’t too happy with me. Obviously, I was interfering with his plans, but I was distracted by his two adorable frown lines. “As we discussed earlier...”
Senator Daniels waved him away and motioned for me to follow him back into his office. “You know, I’m not so sure that was something to be worried about. We can discuss it later when I’m done with the little lady.”
“Fine,” Cooper said, glaring at me. I thought it made him look cute—maybe even turned me on a bit. He was damned hot. He was someone who could make me forget about Rick.
I heard a buzzing sound from the senator’s pocket. Reaching in and pulling out his phone, he looked at the number and then up at me before answering.
“Excuse me a minute, sweetheart, I need to take this. Just have a seat,” he said, again plastering on the obviously fake smile. Did anyone ever think he was sincere?
He motioned to the chairs outside his temporary office while he walked into the inner office. I sat down to wait and heard Senator Daniels raise his voice. The door was thin, and a bit ajar. These offices were not as lavishly decorated as the main entrance, so I could hear his side of the conversation pretty clearly—especially after I scooted the chair as close as I could to the door without it being that obvious.
“I told you to stop calling me, Peter. You’ll get your money. Don’t you always get it? Calling me here is not appropriate,” he said in a loud whisper. I strained my ears to listen. After a long pause, he spoke again. “You wouldn’t dare, you bastard. If you did, I’d be ruined, and you wouldn’t be able to get your favors. Don’t forget how much I do for you.” Seemed like Senator Daniels was trying to sound authoritative, but I could tell the caller made him a little nervous.
There was another long pause; in order to hear better, I craned my neck as far as it would go, almost falling-out of my seat. I was, and always had been, a shameless eavesdropper. I found other people’s conversations fascinating, and if they talked loud enough for me to overhear, well, that was their problem. He should have shut the door if he didn’t want me to listen.
“I don’t care. Just leave me alone,” he said with exaggerated forcefulness, and I heard him snap the phone shut. I wanted to know what that had been about. My wild imagination began cranking through the possibilities, when he walked back out and motioned me to come inside. He looked shaken but quickly gained control of himself. The caller had upset him that was for sure.
“Is everything all right, Senator Daniels?” I asked. “Can I get you some water or something?”
“No, no, I’m fine,” he said, waving his hands as if to wave away my concerns. He fidgeted with his tie. “Just the ugly side of politics. Sometimes you have to remind people that it takes time to move things on Capitol Hill.” He forced out a laugh.
I hadn’t been able to hear everything he said, but I doubted that the call was all about politics. I could be wrong, but either way, I knew he wouldn’t share the details of his call with me and quickly put it out of my mind and started to ask him some questions.
We had been talking for about twenty minutes and, to my surprise, were having a decent conversation. The Senator was articulate and smart. Despite some of his less attractive qualities, he did seem passionate about what he wanted to accomplish. Then the door opened, and Tobey Stone came in glaring at me. I assumed he’d heard about how I had forced my way past Cooper.
“I hate to interrupt, sir, but you have a call from Senator Prescott. He says it’s urgent.”
“Okay. Tell him I’ll be there in a minute. This has been a delightful conversation, sweetheart, but I’m afraid we will have to continue this another time.”
“I appreciate you seeing me.”
“No problem. I wouldn’t mind talking with you again.” He leered at me. Twice I had pushed his hand off my leg. He may be a good conversationalist, but he was also a letch.
“I’m sure. Thank you for your time.”
“Got to run, sweetheart, work beckons.” He winked at me and rushed out of the room.
I turned to Tobey to say something, and by the look on his face I could tell he was uncomfortable with the senator’s actions.
“I apologize for the senator,” Tobey said, nervously fiddling with the buttons on his blue suit. “He doesn’t mean any harm by his actions. He is just a friendly guy.”
“That’s okay I’m just glad I got to speak to him.” I had been apprehensive at first, but I had been surprised to find that I enjoyed informally interviewing him. I just hoped Trevor liked what I wrote, too.
“I do have a question maybe you could answer. I overheard the senator arguing with someone on the phone. I think he said his name was Peter. I forgot to ask him who it was, do you know?” I hadn’t forgot. I just didn’t want the Senator to know I had been eavesdropping.
Tobey looked at me with surprise and trepidation. “Uh, I’m sure it was nothing,” he said hurriedly. “There are many people who may not like what Senator Daniels has to say, and I can hardly keep track of them all. Now, if you don’t mind, I have to go. Can you see yourself out?”
As Tobey started to walk off, I remembered seeing him and Helen arguing last night and didn’t want to lose my chance to find out why. I figured he was already annoyed with me. What was a little more? “One more thing, Tobey?”
He stopped and turned around, looking at me expectantly.
“What were you arguing with Helen Daniels about at the Coffee Café last night?”
Tobey expression shifted to surprise, but he quickly masked it. “Nothing important. Now I’ve got to run,” he said over his shoulder, obviously wanting to get away from me as fast as possible before I asked any more questions.
I grinned, and here I thought I had such a winning personality.
As he walked off, I grew even more curious about the heated phone call I’d overheard. If it wasn’t anything that important, why would Tobey dodge it? It seemed neither the senator nor Helen was easy to get along with these days. I looked at my watch. There was just enough time to get back to my parent’s house, write up some of my notes before I forgot, and take a shower before meeting Katy. I also needed to call Trevor and tell him what I was doing and see if he was even interested.
Almost to my car in the parking lot, I felt like someone was watching me. I glanced back over my shoulder and saw the security guy, Simon, staring at me through the window. As quickly as I saw him, he was gone.
Why was he watching me? Or was he? I shrugged it off; must have been my imagination. I was curious about what the senator might be hiding and even more excited about seeing Cooper again. I couldn’t wait to talk to Katy about it.



Chapter 6

I walked into La Casa a few minutes after seven, my heels making those annoying tapping sounds on the worn linoleum. I’d put on black jersey trousers and a belted red silk shirt with enough buttons undone to show a hint of cleavage, but not enough to say here I am, take me. Considered casual in the city at most places, I was a bit overdressed for the nightlife in Alkon considering there wasn’t any nightlife. However, the outfit gave me a chance to wear my hooker shoes, as I liked to call them. Black patent leather, three–inch heels, with the toe, cut so that my pedicured toes could peek through. Very sexy. I felt shoes made the outfit, and although I didn’t have anyone to impress, nor did I expect to meet my next Mr. Right at the diner, it wouldn’t do to not be prepared.
Katy was already sitting in what, back in the day, we liked to call our booth—the one in the back corner that afforded us a view of everyone who came and went. We would sit there with sodas and fries, gossiping about everyone who came through the door. Now we had graduated to margaritas, and well, more margaritas and gossip. Some things never changed.
Katy had two frosty margaritas sitting in front of her. I couldn’t wait for that first cold sip.
“Those better not both be for you,” I said jokingly, sliding into the red vinyl–covered booth that accented the faux chrome–topped tables.
“They would have been if you hadn’t shown up. It’s against my religion to waste a perfectly good margarita,” Katy said.
Looking around the diner brought back good and bad memories. The garish red and black 1950s–era décor with pink and blue neon accents were still the same. However, what used to be tacky and old was now cool and retro without trying. People would pay a fortune for this look back in the city, and it wouldn’t be nearly as authentic. It was proof that everything does go full circle. “Our special booth,” I said.
“Yeah, we made some great memories here. Though I’m surprised you remember since it has been so long since you’ve been back home,” Katy teased.
“I know, I know. I hear it enough from my mother, so I’ll say it again: I am sorry I don’t come in from the city more. I am vowing to change. By the way, that color looks good on you,” I said. Noticing Katy’s top, a cute turquoise wrap–shirt, the kind that looked great when you had boobs to pull it off and weren’t shy about the amount of cleavage you showed.
“So, tell me what happened to your job. I thought you loved it.”
“I thought I did too, but things change. I had been unhappy for a while. But it took my boss coming on to me one too many times to make me realize I didn’t need to put up with it and that it was time to move on. I was in a rut.”
“What are your plans now?”
After giving the server our order and digging into the chips and salsa she left on the table to complement and soak up the margaritas. I filled Katy in on meeting the Senator, my mother’s antics last night at dinner, and the whole Brian situation.
“You know, your mother just cares.” Katy had always felt I should be more tolerant of my mother’s interfering. Hers had run out on her family when Katy was ten, and she’d grown up wishing she had a mom. She’d often sought out my mother as a surrogate, which I had loved. It took the pressure off me at times. I knew I was lucky to have two loving parents. While I could understand Katy’s thinking, it still sometimes drove me crazy that Katy came off as the voice of reason on my mother’s behalf—especially when I wanted to complain about her.
“ What’s so wrong with being single?” I asked. “Do I look that desperate?”
“She just wants you to be happy, Presley. And your mother thinks this is how she can help.”
“But I am happy being single. I mean, yes I would love to have my Prince Charming ride up on his white horse and rescue me, but I’m a confident woman, and I’m okay being self–sufficient. Sometimes being self–sufficient is even better than having a man.”
“I like to think that the good men are just hard to find and that you have to have some fun weeding through the not so good ones. I think sometimes we try too hard. That’s what the ladies at the salon always tell me. They tell me that the minute I quit looking for Mr. Right he will come along.” I knew Katy was trying to cheer me up, but I could tell she was also trying to believe some of that wisdom herself. She had a bad habit of picking the wrong men and then stayed with them way too long. Giving them the benefit of the doubt and thinking they would change.
I know that’s probably true, Katy. It’s just depressing sometimes to think I might either be alone or worse—keep hooking up with losers.”
“Don’t think like that.”
“Okay, okay. No more negative thoughts. I was excited that I also ran into Dirt Robinson last night; it was so fun to see him again. I can’t believe he’s an officer of the law now. That’s sure not where I would have expected him to land career wise, but last night, he saved the day. Remember when—”
“Speaking of which...” Katy interrupted me and with a big smile on her face, nodded to someone over my shoulder.
“Are you talking about me?” Dirt asked as he slid into the booth next to Katy, putting his arm around her and squeezing it in the comfortable way old friends have. “Why is it I’m always the topic of conversation with pretty girls? Ladies, ladies, I know I’m irresistible, but you have to learn to control yourselves. Not everyone can have all this,” Dirt said motioning to himself.
“Don’t let it go to your head, cowboy. I was just telling how it was such a struggle to not attack you last night,” I said sarcastically.
“That’s me, sweetheart. One of my many talents,” Dirt said in an exaggerated drawl.
“So, how’s my favorite cop?” Katy said, giving him a kiss on the cheek. “Presley here was just telling me how she was surprised to see you on this side of the law.”
“Wait a minute, stop kissing,” I teased. “Isn’t it against the law to give favors to the police?”
Dirt laughed. “I’ll take anything I can get. Besides, I’m not in uniform, so it doesn’t count.”
I noticed he was blushing. Hmmm, I wondered if he still had the same huge crush on Katy that he did in high school. Wouldn’t that be something? I admitted he looked even better tonight in regular clothes. A plain gray T–shirt under a light blue oxford and faded jeans gave him a more relaxed look, but he just didn’t seem all that relaxed. There was something off in his demeanor. He just didn’t seem himself.
“So, what are you two doing here?” he asked.
“Isn’t it obvious?” I pointed to my now half–empty margarita and motioned the server over. “Can we get two more of these? And what did you want, Dirt?”
“Just a Coke, please,” he said to the server. “I have to go into work a little later, so no drinking for me. At least not tonight, anyways. I just saw your car in the lot and thought I would stop by and say hi.”
“I was just getting ready to tell Katy about my meeting with the Senator.”
“That asshole,” Dirt said.
“I don’t think he was an asshole, but he was very grabby. If he’s like this with all the girls, I don’t know how Helen puts up with it.”
Katy chimed in. “Maybe she is in it for the power or prestige? It can’t be the money. She has her own. Who knows with those kinds of people? The few times she has been in town and had no choice but to come to my salon; she was a real bitch. She acted as if she was slumming it by coming to a small town salon instead of some fancy one in D.C. They probably deserve each other.”
“She should consider herself lucky for you to do her hair,” I said, patting my friend on the arm. “You’re much better than anyone she could find in the city. She just doesn’t know what she’s getting and acts like a bitch because it’s probably been ingrained in her since birth.”
Katy smiled. “I should have charged her double the price for having to put up with her. It’s not like she can’t afford it.”
“Maybe you could start charging a surcharge for those high maintenance clients,” I suggested.
“Her wealth is probably what attracted Tom to her in the first place, or at least what has kept him with her. Although, some men seem to like mean, bitchy women,” Katy remarked. “Gotta admit, I am jealous sometimes. That woman has more Louis Vuitton bags than Saks.”
“That’s my kind of woman. Maybe she isn’t so bad after all,” I said, joking.
“And Tom uses her wealth to pay off those who don’t like his attitude toward women. It’s a surprise that there haven’t been any scandals in the paper,” Dirt said, ignoring our admiration of her accessories.
“Are you sure? Usually, that kind of juicy gossip makes the front page of the supermarket rags,” I said. “People live for that kind of thing.”
“Like I said, money buys silence. Money can buy anything if you have enough of it,” Dirt said, his words taking on a slightly bitter tone I had never heard from him before.
“Money can buy you into trouble, too, if you aren’t careful,” Katy said.
“Don’t I know it,” Dirt replied.
“Well, I’m just glad I only had to spend a short time with him. He did make me feel a little uncomfortable.”
“I bet he wished it was longer.” Katy giggled.
“Here’s something interesting, though: I had to wait outside his office while he was on the phone, and I could hear some of what he was saying. He was arguing with someone, and it was pretty intense, something to the effect of owing somebody money. He seemed ticked that this person; I’m pretty sure the senator called him Peter, contacted him.”
“Really?” Dirt seemed interested at this piece of news. “Did you catch anything else?”
“No. Why?”
“Ummm...there have been rumors that he's involved with some people he shouldn’t be. If you believe what people are saying.”
“What kind of rumors?”
Dirt seemed reluctant to say. Made me wonder if the police had some news he couldn’t reveal. “He has a bit of a gambling problem.”
“Seriously? I could see him being caught with someone’s wife, but would he gamble? It’s not as if he needs the money.”
“Gambling isn’t always about money,” Katy said. “It’s about the thrill.” Dirt and I both looked at her in surprise. “What? That’s just what I’ve heard. Don’t you guys ever read People or OK Magazine? Many of the stars have had gambling problems, and they sure don’t need the money. It’s not as if I have personal experience with the matter,” she said, rolling her eyes.
Dirt shrugged. “He spends a lot of time in Vegas. I believe that he and Helen have a condo there, so who knows. Like I said, it’s all gossip.”
All of a sudden Dirt’s expression changed to one I couldn’t read. He was looking past my shoulder at something or someone he didn’t like. His eyes turned cold, and his lips pressed tightly together. I turned around in my seat to see what was so distasteful.
“Eavesdropping on someone’s conversation is not polite,” Cooper whispered softly in my ear, his lips barely touching my skin. He ran his hand down my neck to the middle of my back, and I shivered involuntarily. Against my better judgment, I wanted to close my eyes and let him continue. Damn him for sneaking up on me.
“What are you doing here?” I asked, trying not to let on how I was feeling. The way he looked at me again gave me a reason to believe he wasn’t falling for my I-don’t-care act.
“Hey, Chris.” I nodded to Chris Stone, another old friend, who’d walked into the diner with Cooper. The two had been friends in high school.
Cooper was at my ear again, his warm breath doing things to me. “Isn’t this the second time today that you’ve asked me that, King? I’m beginning to think you don’t want me around. Besides, I told you earlier today that I wasn’t through with you.”
Again, with the touching. He needed to stop. This wasn’t the most appropriate place to lust after him, and I wasn’t at all sure I wanted to in the first place. I was still mad at him about earlier. Or, at least I thought I was. It was difficult to keep my thoughts straight with him so close. What his simple touch was doing to me— wow.
While this exchange was happening, Dirt jumped up from the table as if he’d been bitten. “Sorry to interrupt, but I need to get going,” Dirt said tersely.
“Hey, man...” Chris started to say then trailed off as if he, too, noticed the stormy expression on Dirt’s face.
“I thought you were going to stay and hang out for a while. You said you didn’t have to go to work until later. Just spot a criminal you need to catch or something?” I asked, confused about why he was suddenly in a hurry to leave.
“Something like that,” he replied as his gaze traveled over Cooper. The air was thick with tension as Dirt made it clear he didn’t want to be around Cooper.
Obviously the feeling was mutual. I noticed that Cooper wasn’t surprised that Dirt was acting this way. This was certainly interesting.
“I’ll catch up with you later, Pres, Katy.” With that, Dirt strode out of the restaurant.
“What was that all about?” Katy asked to no one in particular. “Dirt doesn’t usually act that uptight.”
“So, do you want to enlighten us about what just happened?” I asked Cooper; eyebrows raised.
“Not really,” Cooper said, blowing me off. “Hi, Katy, haven’t seen you in a long time. My step-mom says your salon’s fabulous.”
The way Cooper quickly changed the subject confirmed that there was a story behind the tension between him and Dirt, though he clearly didn’t want to talk about it. Little did he know that I was an expert at getting information out of people. I had my ways, and he inspired me to consider some new persuasive tactics. That thought was putting my hormones back into overdrive. I took another sip of my margarita to cool off.
“She should know. She’s in every week, one of my best customers. Thanks, though. What brings you into town?”
“My company, Sands Security Solutions, provides security to the senator. We do a lot of work with politicians. In fact, I saw Presley earlier when she was trying to finagle her way in to talk to him.”
“Oh really, she hadn’t mentioned it,” Katy said, giving me a look.
“What could he possibly need security for in Alkon?” I asked. “For that matter, anywhere? He’s a senator for God’s sake, not the President,” I said, ignoring Katy’s look and feeling my face get red.
Cooper shrugged. “I’m sure he has his reasons. It’s not my place to ask, nor do I care, as long as I’m paid. But even if I did know, I wouldn’t tell you,” he said, eyes twinkling.
“Why? Is there something called security–client privilege?” I asked, wanting to give him a hard time.
“No, it’s just none of your business, nosey. It’s called being a professional.”
I just looked at him and shook my head. “What’s your opinion of the senator, Cooper?”
“Not my place to judge.” Cooper knew that giving me short, vague answers was driving me crazy. And I could see he was enjoying it. I wasn’t the only one trying to get a rise.
“Surely you have an opinion. After all, you do work for him.”
“I don’t agree with everything he does, but he’s a nice guy. Besides, in my line of work, it’s important to stay objective, and again, as long as he pays me, I don’t care what he does. As long as it’s legal.”
“Which don’t you agree with, Cooper? The gambling or the womanizing?” Maybe if I asked enough questions Cooper would give an indication about the alleged gambling problem that Dirt alluded to. Instead, he just raised his eyebrows questioningly at me and smiled in an irritating way.
Katy interrupted, changing the subject, obviously worried that Cooper and I might be heading into an argument. She always wanted people to get along. “So, have you provided security for anyone famous? There has to be some juicy gossip you can tell us about a politician. Or have you ever provided security for an actor?”
“Probably no one you’d recognize,” Cooper answered Katy.
“Besides Katy, he wouldn’t tell us anyway. There’s that security–client confidentiality.” I couldn’t resist needling him.
Cooper and I continued teasing each other for a bit. I could tell he was more amused than annoyed, but I could also tell that under his cool exterior, there was something going on with him. He didn’t seem so relaxed. Maybe that was normal for him these days with his job; maybe he had to be vigilant and on edge. Or maybe it was still a conflict with Dirt. I knew I probably shouldn’t even be trying to figure it out. What did I know about him or his personality these days? More importantly, why did I even care?
As we talked, Chris just sat there quietly. I almost forgot he was there. I noticed he kept checking his watch furtively. Eventually, I asked, “You got a hot date, Chris?”
“What?” He glanced up, startled, his brown eyes wary.
“You keep looking at your watch. Do you have somewhere to be?”
Chris just stared at me as if in a trance or maybe he didn’t know what to say.
“Are we not interesting enough for you?” I teased.
“Yes. No. Well, I do need to go.” He stood up. “Catch you later, Coop. Ladies.” He turned and left. Katy frowned as she watched Chris leave, and I looked at Cooper. “Didn’t you two come together?”
“Nope. Just met up in the parking lot. I haven’t talked to him in a long time and thought we could catch up. Guess not.” Cooper shrugged.
He stayed and chatted with us while we ate our food. I found myself enjoying his company. Not only was he hot, but he was intelligent and funny as well. Just as I remembered. He told us some funny stories about clients he had worked with, of course keeping the names private. I found out that this was the first time in a long time he’d been back to Alkon, too. He said he had just recently started working with the Senator Daniels, and this was his first trip back here with him. He also opened up a little about the senator, and while he didn’t come right out and say anything bad, Cooper conceded that the man wasn’t always ethical but doubted he’d done anything illegal.
I had forgotten how fun Cooper was to talk to, and I had to admit that was more important, since at some point hotness wears off.
I was curious to know why such a seemingly great guy was still single. And though I was sure Cooper would reveal his flaws sooner rather than later, he sure didn’t seem to have any now.
We finished way too many margaritas and said our goodbyes. I told Katy I would call her the next day. She didn’t work on Sunday, and we’d have a bit more time together. We had decided to have a picnic and hang out—catch up on more old times. I had hoped Cooper might ask to join us. I felt nervous asking him but no luck.
I headed back to my parents, thinking about Brian. Maybe I should swing by his shop and talk to him. That would probably be the right thing to do—try to smooth things over. There was no reason we couldn’t be friends. As I started to turn right on Darby Street, on the way to Brian’s, I saw something strange out of the corner of my eye. I slowed down and pulled off to the side of the tree–lined road.
I glanced in my rearview mirror and saw something shocking, and I wished I had a video camera. I was looking at Helen Daniels, the senator’s wife, and someone whose face I couldn't see from my sight sitting in a red car I didn’t recognize—making out. Like a couple of teenagers. Holy crap! No one would think she was the one cheating on Senator Daniels. Who the hell was she with?
I shook my head, as if that would clear up my sight and looked again. Nope. It didn’t change anything. I didn’t know what shocked me more, the fact that Helen was cheating on her husband or that she was doing it in her car, where the entire world could see. Was she nuts? Who knew who might come along? Someone more threatening than I could cause Helen’s reputation some damage. What the hell was going on?
I sat there thinking about how this changed my opinion of Senator Daniels just a little. He wasn’t the only one with a roving eye. However, if Helen knew the way he acted then maybe she figured that what was good for the goose was good for the gander. You couldn’t blame a girl for getting even. I tried to change my position to see if I could get a better look at the guy Helen was with. I was dying to know, but no matter which way I turned, I couldn’t tell. So, short of walking up and knocking on the window, (and I didn’t have the balls for that move) I knew I wasn’t going to be able to identify the person Helen was kissing.
As I sat there trying to process this chain of events, Helen and the mystery man must have gotten tired of their tryst and started the car. I shrank down in my seat when they drove by, praying they wouldn’t see me. I wanted this to stay a secret until I could figure out what to do with this information, if anything. Maybe Cooper, Dirt, or Katy would know who drove a red car and might have the hots for Helen Daniels.
Once they were far enough past me, I started the engine backup to continue to Brian’s.
It only took a few minutes to get to Brian’s. As I pulled in, I thought about what I’d witnessed and what it meant. I wondered what I should do about it, if anything. This could be a great scoop for my article, but I wasn’t sure I was comfortable with that. I didn’t want to be malicious. I just didn’t have the stomach for that.
As I stepped out of my car, I saw Brian in the garage working on some old car. It brought back memories of days when I stopped by to visit Brian at his parents’ house. He always seemed to be working on a car. It was something he’d done with his dad all the time. He was lucky in some ways to have something he enjoyed and to be able to turn it into a lucrative business. He had what I’d been missing. I had fallen out of love with my job long ago but kept at it because I didn’t know how to get out of the rut. Lucky for me, I no longer had that problem.
I walked up the drive, and finally, Brian heard me and looked up. When he saw it was me, he scowled.
“What are you doing here? Do you realize what time it is?”
“I know it’s late, but I wanted to talk to you about last night.”
“What about it, Presley?”
“You just caught me off guard. I haven’t talked to you in forever, and you just sprung that on me.”
“I know. I guess I just was caught up in the moment.”
“Let’s catch up now, I said and we started chatting while he worked.



Chapter 7

Bang, bang, bang.
What the hell? What was that racket waking me out of a sound sleep? I’d been out late last night smoothing things over with Brian. Then, I spent all night tossing and turning because I couldn’t stop thinking about seeing Helen. It felt like I had just gone to bed, and I did not want to get up. As I tried to use a pillow to drown out the sounds from below, I heard my dad walking toward the front door.
“Hold your horses,” he yelled at the door as the banging continued incessantly. After a pause, I heard him open the door. I could make out the voice of Cooper Sands, but couldn’t tell what he was saying.
Cooper? I sat up in bed, confused. Why was Cooper banging on my parent’s door at six o’clock in the morning? I thought as I looked at the clock. No wonder I felt like I’d just gone to bed—I’d only had three hours of sleep. My dad yelled up the stairs.
“Presley, come down here, please!”
“In a minute,” I yelled back, scrambling to throw on some decent clothes. If Cooper looked half as cute as he did yesterday, me looking like I was still half–asleep would not work. I was not one of those glamour girls who could wake up looking properly sleep–tousled and sexy. No sir, not me. I woke up looking like I just went five rounds with Mike Tyson, and that was on a good day. Not after five hours of sleep.
I didn’t have a lot of time, so I threw my shoulder–length hair into a ponytail and decided to forgo the make–up. I would be fooling no one if I showed up downstairs in make–up. Only women on TV woke with a full face of make-up. My jeans from last night and a pink Save the Boobies T–shirt to promote breast cancer awareness completed my look. It wasn’t much of a look, but for God sake, it was six in the morning. It’s hard to look good that early.
As I ran down the stairs, thoughts kept running through my head, and no matter how I tried, I still couldn’t figure out why Cooper was here. We’d had a nice time last night, but not enough for him to come courting this early in the morning. Surely, this wasn’t a social call. When I got to the door and saw Cooper, my heart stopped for a minute. Damn, he was good-looking even this early. He set off the butterflies in my stomach. The more I kept running into him, the more attractive he seemed to be getting. Or maybe my lack of sleep was just clouding my judgment and the ability to control my hormones.
As my gaze traveled upward, I was quickly jolted into the present by the hard look on Cooper’s face. Confused, I quickly replayed the evening in my mind. I hadn’t done anything between last night and this morning to piss him off. At least I didn’t think I had.
“Why are you here?” I snapped, on the defensive without quite knowing why. Just the look on his face took away any good mood I had at seeing him.
Ignoring my tone, Cooper said calmly, “Senator Daniels was found dead this morning. You were the last person he met with yesterday, so I need to ask you a few questions.”
“Oh my God!” My hand flew up to my mouth, my heart racing. I didn’t know what I expected him to say, but that sure wasn’t it.
My dad, standing there with me, also looked stunned. He said, “Oh, Cooper, what a loss. How is Helen?”
“She is about as well as expected, Mr. Thurman.”
My dad, the nice guy. What I had recently seen Helen doing in that car made me a little less sympathetic. Helen Daniels was not such a nice person. I was sure that if my dad knew that Helen was doing God knows what in a car on Main Street, he might not be so worried about her. Then again, he probably would. I mentally scolded myself for being so catty. The woman had just lost her husband. No matter what Helen was doing—or should I say who she was doing—I should try to be a little more compassionate. “What happened? When? Who found him?”
“May I come in?” Cooper asked my dad, ignoring me.
As we all sat down in the living room, he explained. “After your interview with the senator, he went back to Helen’s family’s mansion. He had been splitting time between the house and hotel this trip so he could be closer to his staff. He had stayed in for the evening to work with his advisor, Alex Bailey, and earlier in the day, he had cancelled all of his appointments and said he didn’t want to be bothered.” At this, Cooper just glared at me. “Helen was out for the night at the Women’s League dinner. She returned when Alex was leaving, and she and Alex spoke for a minute. When she went to bed, the senator was still in his study working, which wasn’t unusual. She said this was around midnight. He’d told her he would be up to bed shortly. The next anyone saw of him was at four in the morning, when Maria, the housekeeper, saw the light on in his study and went in to see if he wanted coffee. She found him slumped over his desk and got Helen, who immediately called me.”
“Why you? Shouldn’t the police be involved in this?”
“The police are on their way,” he said tightly. “The senator was on my watch when he was murdered, so it makes it my responsibility.” As he talked, he glared at me. My comment was a bit insensitive, I suppose, but even still he seemed madder than I would have thought since it was logical.
“Who do you think could have killed him?”
“Presley will be happy to help in any way she can,” my dad interrupted, apparently surprised and seeming none too happy that I was giving Cooper a hard time. Just then, Mom came down the stairs. She was dressed and looked like a million bucks.
I turned to see her and felt a twinge of envy. Why didn’t I have that skill? She hadn’t much more time than I did to get ready, but she didn’t look like she’d just rolled out of bed. Damn her.
“Good morning, sweetheart,” my dad said, reaching for her hand as she walked in the room. “I am afraid I have some bad news. Someone murdered Tom Daniels.”
My mother gasped. “Here? In Alkon?”
“Yes, I’m afraid so,” my dad replied. “Honey, this is Cooper, Cooper Sands. He is the head of the senator’s security. He stopped by to ask Presley a few questions.”
“Nice to meet you,” she said to Cooper. Then she turned to me, hands on hips and asked, “Why is he here asking you questions? How did you get yourself mixed up in this? What have you been doing?”
“Mrs. Thurman,” Cooper interjected, “Presley was one of the last people to see the senator yesterday during their interview. We’re just covering all bases.”
“Well, then I guess that makes sense. I can’t believe we had a murder here in our small town. I better call Helen and see what we can do for her. Oh, and I need to call the ladies from the League and start the communication tree—the other ladies will want to help too. I’ll make you all some coffee.” She walked into the kitchen. The best way my mother knew how to handle a crisis was to take action and cook something.
As Cooper continued talking, I let my mind wander over yesterday’s events. A lot had happened, but I still couldn’t imagine who would have done this. People didn’t get killed for being womanizing creeps, did they? Especially in a small town like Alkon.
“So, who do you think is responsible for this?” I asked again. “How did it happen?”
“Presley, can you think of anything that may have been out of the ordinary when you were with the senator yesterday?” Cooper asked, again ignoring my question and asking a question of his own.
I racked my brain, going over yesterday’s conversation with the Senator. “When I arrived, he told me to take a seat while he finished a phone conversation. I could hear him in his office arguing with someone named Peter, but I already told you that last night.”
“You sure there was nothing else?” Cooper asked.
“I just heard the tail end of the conversation. He said something to the effect of, ‘I’ll get you your money. Don’t I always?’ Then I think he hung up on him. A couple of seconds later, he came out, and we started talking. I didn’t hear much. Who is Peter anyway?”
Cooper took notes. Then he looked up and asked, “Where were you when this conversation took place?”
“I told you. I was sitting just outside his office, but he had the door open, and I could hear everything pretty clearly.” As I told this to Cooper for the second time, there was another knock at the front door. What a popular place this was at six o’clock in the morning—a regular Grand Central Station.
My mother got the door this time, and I could hear Dirt and someone else. This should be interesting. After the tension last night at La Casa, I wondered what would happen when Dirt saw that Cooper was already here asking questions. I quickly found out as my mother came back into the room, followed by Dirt and someone named Officer Schultz.
“I’ll bring you all some coffee,” she said. “It will be ready in a minute.”
As Dirt walked in, Cooper stood up, and I could see he was bracing for an argument.
“What are you doing here?” Dirt asked Cooper angrily.
“Same thing as you, I suppose. Trying to see who might have had the motive to kill Senator Daniels.”
“This is a police matter. The last thing I need is you in here screwing it up.”
“I have just as much right to find the killer as you do. I worked for him, so I know a lot more about him than you do. We should be working this together.”
“Yeah, you worked for him. Doesn’t seem like you did too good of a job protecting him, now does it? Considering he’s dead.”
I cringed. Ouch, that had to hurt. I couldn’t believe Dirt said that—what an ass. I spied the throbbing vein in Cooper’s forehead and saw that, despite his best efforts, he was starting to lose control of his temper.
“Exactly. I am responsible. Even more reason for me to find the killer. I owe it to Helen.”
Dirt was relentless. “This is none of your concern, Cooper. I suggest you get out of my way before you screw this investigation up too. Do you want to be responsible for letting the killer getaway?”
Cooper blanched at this remark. Dirt had hit home. Cooper just glared at him. It was obvious there was so much he wanted to say but didn’t. Good choice, Cooper, I thought.
“Do I need to have you escorted out, or are you going to do the sensible thing and leave?” Dirt asked, and Officer Schultz took a step forward.
If the situation weren’t so tense, it would have been comical, almost like a Mexican standoff from the old time westerns that I used to watch with my dad. Cooper just looked at Dirt again and grabbed his coat, retreating, for now. It was obvious that Dirt wasn’t going to budge, and technically, Dirt had the advantage. Cooper couldn’t argue with that.
“Stay away from this investigation, Cooper,” Dirt said to him.
“Not a chance, Dirt.” Cooper nodded at my dad and me before striding toward the door. “I’m not finished with this,” he added, walking out of the house and closing the door behind him.
“What’s your deal, Dirt? You both have the same goal here. In fact, he was close to the senator. I’m sure he could have valuable information for you. Why wouldn’t you want his help?”
“He has no business interfering in a police investigation, Presley, and he could be a suspect.”
“Don’t you think you were a bit over the top?”
“I don’t have time for this, Presley. You don’t know what you’re talking about, and I didn’t come here for a friendly chat. I need to interview you about the murder of Senator Daniels. You ready?”
“Dirt, I don’t know what you expect me to tell you. I told you everything that happened at La Casa last night.”
“Well, we need to go over it again, officially. Last night I might have missed something. So start from the beginning and tell me what happened when you got there.”
I sighed and, as I started to retell the events, realized this was going to be a long day.
After what seemed like a never–ending litany of questions, in which Dirt asked the same thing in fifty different ways, I was exhausted. He and Officer Schultz finally left after my mother made them breakfast. I bet they would never pull her over for speeding. They couldn’t get enough of her cinnamon rolls.
When everyone had gone, my parents and I tried to relax in the living room with our coffee. The puppy, who we named Baxter, followed me in there and curled up at my feet. Who would have thought talking would be so exhausting? The phone that had been ringing off the hook most of the morning, finally subsided a little. I leaned back into the couch, closing my eyes and only half paying attention to my parents’ conversation.
“I just can’t believe this would happen to him, Clark. Things like that aren’t supposed to happen out here. Do you think there’s a killer on the loose?”
“Sue, it’s an isolated incident, and I don’t think us regular folk have anything to worry about.”
“Well, I won’t feel the same about you being out late. By the way, where did you go last night when you left Bill’s? I called Geanie at nine, and she said you left.”
“I knew you were at your club meeting, so I just went to Randy’s for a while. I got home shortly after eleven, and you were already asleep.”
This exchange brought me awake. I saw Dad drive by Brian’s after 1 a.m., so he couldn’t have been at Randy’s. Even if he had, the time was wrong, and last I knew, Randy lived on the other side of town, which wouldn’t explain what he was doing on Main Street.
“I know. I was exhausted. I didn’t even hear you come in, but I thought I was still awake at eleven.”
“No, darling, you were sleeping like a log when I got home.”
I was confused. Why would Dad lie? At least I now knew he hadn’t seen me when he drove by, or he wouldn’t be trying to fib about the time.
“Does Randy still live by the Collin’s farm?” I asked.
“He sure does. That house has been in their family for years.”
He was lying. But why? What was he up to?
******
Feeling restless after the morning’s excitement, I originally intended to go for a random drive, but as I got to thinking, I remembered something Brian had said to me last night. After getting past the personal feelings, I had filled him in on my experience with the senator. He, in turn, told me about his interactions with Tom Daniels. That was what came back to me as I drove. Brian told me about the day the Senator came into town and stopped by Brian’s shop, wanting to discuss some restoration work he needed done on one of the classic cars in his collection. The Senator had been feeling melancholy, mentioning to Brian that he felt like the world was closing in and that he always had people around telling him what to do. He said that the stuff he had to do wasn’t always what he wanted to do.
Brian told me he seemed depressed and not the happy–go–lucky guy he normally was. Brian also told me he found it very unusual that the Senator would confide these things to him over a two–hour period. He just hung out and watched while Brian worked—and talked incessantly. Brian said the most time he had ever spent there previously was a few minutes. He was always in a rush to get somewhere, so his behavior was strange.
I thought that, in light of what had just happened, I should head over to Brian’s house. He might have more to add. Of course, I hadn’t told any of this to either Cooper or Dirt. I had honestly forgotten, and even if I had remembered, it was just hearsay. I felt I needed to get more information from Brian, and then tell them. I didn’t want to start spreading gossip. God knows that happened enough. But I still felt a bit uneasy about the decision.
I pulled into Brian’s driveway but the house looked quiet and I didn't see his truck, so I assumed he wasn't there. Damn. Where could he be? I had decided to stop at the local greasy spoon, thinking that maybe Brian had gone for an early lunch but he wasn’t there. Oh well, I needed to meet Katy anyway.



Chapter 8

I slid into the retro booth at La Casa across from Katy for the second time in two days. We had decided to forgo our picnic in light of the senator’s murder and the fact it was supposed to rain later, and decided instead that somewhere in town would be much better. That didn’t leave too many choices, so La Casa seemed the best option.
Chris Stone was there with her, and Katy was hanging on every word he was saying. I noticed Katy had an extra button undone on her pink Oxford shirt. Yep, she was showing some cleavage, though with her chest it didn’t take much effort. Was something going on between them? Katy didn’t usually show that much cleavage for no reason—especially to someone she had not only known for years but had also dated on and off. Chris was cute, but he sure was acting strange yesterday, and I wasn’t a fan of how he treated Katy.
“So, what is so important that you couldn’t tell me on the phone?” Katy asked playfully, as I settled into the booth. Since it was mid–afternoon and Katy had dinner plans at her dad’s, she was sipping a Diet Coke instead of her trademark margarita. Although, after a morning like this one, a margarita sure sounded good, even if it was barely lunchtime.
“Hi, Chris,” I said to him before answering Katy’s question. He nodded to me as a response. Still not being very friendly.
“Have you been on another planet this morning? You didn’t hear? Senator Daniels was found dead earlier,” I said, rummaging for my favorite lip gloss in my brown Coach purse. The purse, a bucket style, was one of my favorites, even if it was a present from Rick. One of the few pleasant memories I still had of him was that he didn’t mind spending money. I almost felt I should have been greedier so at least the relationship wouldn’t have been a total waste.
“Of course, I heard that,” Katy said. “I do spend all of my days in a beauty salon, where the goal is to gossip as much as possible. My phone was ringing off the hook all morning at home since the salon wasn’t open. But what does that have to do with you?”
I dropped my voice to a conspiratorial whisper. “Cooper showed up at my house at six o’clock this morning to grill me,” I said, rolling my eyes dramatically. “Then halfway through that lovely experience, which happened before I got any coffee, mind you, Dirt showed up and all but threw Cooper out of the house for interfering in a police investigation. I tell you, something is going on between those two and I would like to know what.”
“How was he killed?” Katy asked. “What did they tell you? Who do they think did this?”
I looked around before saying quietly, “I don’t know, but Cooper said that the senator was found early this morning by the housekeeper. Someone stabbed him. Can you believe it?”
“Oh my God! In this town?” Katy said excitedly.
Not since Old Lady Hubbard shot her husband when she found him with that slutty bar server had there been a murder in Alkon, and that was over twenty years ago. This murder was earth-shattering news for a little sleepy town where the biggest crime was, usually, a kid drag racing through town. That may sound a little cliché, but seriously, nothing ever happened here. That was part of why I moved to Chicago right after high school. I needed some action.
“Should we be talking about this?” Chris finally opened his mouth. It startled me. I had been so wrapped up in telling Katy the story that I forgot he was still sitting with us.
“Why not? I, for one, am curious about who would kill the senator. Especially here in Alkon; it’s not like this is Capitol Hill,” I said. “C’mon, Chris, you can’t tell me you aren’t the least bit interested.”
“No. It’s none of my business. And you shouldn’t be going around spreading gossip,” Chris snapped. I just looked at him. Men. Always thinking they were above gossiping. So why did it seem sometimes they were the worst offenders?
“This isn’t gossip, Chris. It's a fact someone murdered him. Why shouldn’t we talk about it? Maybe we can figure out why.”
“Think of how Helen feels,” Chris said. “Don’t you think that the more people talk about this and start speculating and spreading rumors, like everyone in this town does, the worse it’s going to make Helen feel? Don’t you have any compassion?”
I just stared at him. He couldn’t have surprised me more than if he showed up at the diner with purple hair. Since when did Chris Stone care about Helen Daniels? I doubted they traveled in the same social circles. His brother Tobey did work for the senator, so maybe he was concerned on his behalf, but still, that seemed like a stretch.
“You know, I did overhear someone at the salon talking about how Tom and Helen were having marital problems, and Helen was having an affair,” Katy said, ignoring Chris’s stance on gossip. “Do you think maybe Helen has a lover who wants her all to himself and decided to get Tom out of the picture? Wouldn’t that just be so Hollywood?”
“Katy, I doubt that Helen was having an affair and even if she was, don’t you think it would be back in D.C.? Not here in Alkon,” Chris said, sounding almost indignant. He seemed tense. “I mean, really...who here would be good enough for her?”
“Excuse me?” Katy said, offended.
“You know what I mean, Katy. I mean good enough for her in her eyes.”
“Well, maybe the person followed Tom and Helen to Alkon because it was easier to get to them here than in D.C.?” Katy fired back. “Or maybe Helen’s lover just can’t bear to be without her, so he followed her here. Chill out, Chris, I’m just having some fun.”
“Who in Alkon could catch her eye? I mean, c’mon, look at her. She’s way out of anyone’s league in Alkon,” Chris said.
“Ummm... she’s originally from here, remember. Geesh, you’re awful testy, Chris. Didn’t you take your happy pill today?” I said, trying to lighten the mood. “If Helen was having an affair, maybe she wanted a divorce and the senator wouldn’t give her one. That would be motive to kill him, wouldn’t it?”
“She is not having an affair. Blame it on something else,” Chris said defensively.
“How would you know?”
“Tobey works, or rather worked, for Senator Daniels, remember? From everything he tells me, they are a loving couple. As much as anyone else, anyways.”
“Speaking of Tobey, what does he think of this? Does he have an idea who might have killed him? He has to know who might have had it in for the senator.”
“Like I already said, Pres, it’s none of our business.”
“Did you ask Cooper who he thought might have done this?” Katy asked me.
“I tried, but he wouldn’t give me the time of day. He was too busy trying to ask me questions. He was a jerk, actually.”
“Why? Because he wouldn’t give you information on a murder investigation?” Chris shook his head. “You two are unbelievable. What do you expect him to do? Give you all the inside information?”
“I was telling him everything I knew. Is it too much to ask to have him reciprocate?”
Chris sighed. “He is a professional and spreading around sensitive information wouldn’t look good for his reputation.”
“What’s your deal, Chris? We’re just playing around,” I said.
“This is none of your business, Presley. Just drop it.”
“I can’t help that I’m curious and want to know what happened. There’s nothing wrong with that.”
“True,” Katy said. “The public is always more fascinated with people posthumously.”
I nodded. “Sick, but oh so very true.”
“You girls are crazy. Just stay out of it, or you might hurt someone or end up hurt yourself.” With that, Chris got up and stormed out of the diner.
“Wow. He was in a mood. We aren’t doing anything bad, are we?”
“I don’t know,” Katy said, “but I haven’t seen him like that before. He’s been on edge lately.”
“What’s the deal? First Cooper and Dirt, and now Chris.”
“I guess everyone has a right to be moody. Maybe it’s just a coincidence.” Katy shrugged.
“No, this goes deeper than that.”
“I think you’re reading too much into it, Presley. Chris is probably just having a bad day.”
“Are you sticking up for him? How did he get so lucky?”
“Well...” Katy blushed, embarrassed.
“Don’t think I didn’t notice how low your shirt is unbuttoned. Or how you kept leaning into him when he was talking. He’s not that fascinating,” I teased. “But he is cute.”
“Maybe he is.” She shrugged, trying to act as if she hadn’t noticed—and failing.
“You have a thing for him again? You do, don’t you?” Seeing the look on her face in response to my question, it was quite obvious. “Didn’t you learn your lesson with him already?” Katy and Chris had dated on several occasions, and it always ended badly, starting with him blowing her off for Missy Stevens, a blonde bimbo of a cheerleader, in high school. Then two other times in the subsequent years. Katy just never stopped liking him.
“He’s different now. Not everyone is the same as they were in high school. Besides, that was a long time ago. Anyway, who cares?” she said with a wave of her hand. “It’s not like we’re that serious. It’s just fun.”
Katy might try to tell herself she was only having fun, but I could tell by the look on her face that it was more than that.
“Well, what happened to John — or Don — what was his name again?”
“It was Jim. And he’s been history for a long time. A girl can have her fun, can’t she? I’m a big girl. I know what I’m getting myself into with Chris.”
“You’re crazy to go down that road again. But whatever makes you happy. There is something else I wanted to tell you before the men around here sidetracked us. But I didn’t want to talk about it in front of Chris. Especially after I saw how he was acting.”
“What? Tell me.” Katy leaned in closer to hear.
“I saw Helen Daniels going hot and heavy in a parked car on Main Street last night on my way to Brian’s.”
“What? Oh my God...with who?”
“That’s just it, I don’t know. I couldn’t see who the other person was and believe me I tried. The windows were too fogged up.”
Katy laughed. “Seriously? Couldn't you see anything? Are you sure it was Helen then? I can’t imagine her doing that in plain view. Chris was right in that she’s different than us here.”
“I am positive it was Helen, but you’re right, it does seem odd she would hook-up in public with someone here in Alkon. At the time, I didn’t think much more about it other than figuring what was good for the gander was good for the goose. But now it also makes her a suspect in her husband’s murder, don’t you think?”
“Did you tell Cooper?”
“Um, not exactly.”
“Please tell me you told Dirt.”
“Well, he was so mad at Cooper, and I was so mad at him for being mad at Cooper that, well, I sort of forgot.”
“You mean you forgot on purpose.”
I just shrugged. No use denying what was true.
“Presley! They are going to kill you when they find out. And they will find out. You have to tell them.”
“This is what I was thinking, Katy,” I leaned in closer, “if I can figure out who killed Senator Daniels first, then they will both be happy, and there’s no need for them to know about what I saw and didn’t tell them. Think about it. This could be my big break. I’m smarter than they are. I can solve this thing.”
“That’s the stupidest thing I ever heard, Presley. Since when did you desire to be an amateur detective? At least tell Dirt. He’s a cop. What if this fling of Helen’s does make her a true suspect and you’re keeping valuable information from them that could help them find the killer?”
“Well, I can always tell them later. Besides, if they’re good at their jobs they should be able to figure it out on their own. They don’t need my help.”
“Presley, what if it’s dangerous? I mean, the senator is already dead. Doesn’t that scare you? Besides, isn’t it a crime to withhold evidence?”
“Who’s to say that Helen’s extramarital activities constitute evidence? I can’t help it if I have a bad memory,” I said innocently. “Besides, now they’re probably busy, and I hate to bother them. They probably wouldn’t have time to return my phone calls even if I tried to contact them.”
“If you say so, but don’t say I didn’t warn you.”
“So, how do you think we can find out who Helen was with in that car?” I wanted to change the subject so Katy would stop making me feel guilty about not telling Dirt and Cooper.
Just then, from out of the corner of my eye, I saw Dirt walk in the restaurant. Shit. It was one thing to know something and just not say anything, but a different scenario to be face–to–face with him and not tell him about it. I couldn’t very well claim I forgot again, when I just finished telling Katy everything. Dirt saw us and walked over, and I felt instantly guilty.
“Don’t you say a thing,” I whispered to Katy.
“What are you talking about?” She hadn’t seen Dirt come in yet.
“Just don’t throw me under the bus,” I warned.
“You two spend a lot of time in here,” Dirt said as he walked up. “Mind if I join you?”
“Please do,” Katy said waving her hands toward the space next to her. Dirt slid in a little too close in my opinion. I thought that maybe Katy should try to hook-up with Dirt. He was a much nicer guy than Chris.
“You seem to be in a much better mood now,” I said to him. “How are things going with the investigation? Catch the killer yet?”
“Not many leads. People in the senator’s camp are keeping their mouths closed about the inner workings. To make it worse, a girl showed up claiming to be the senator’s girlfriend. Luckily, Helen wasn’t there at the time, but it’s not going to be long before it gets out. The press was there, so I’m surprised it hasn’t hit the news already.”
“What did she want?” I asked.
“Supposedly her and the Senator had plans to meet. She was putting on a good show of being distraught, and when I left, poor Tobey was trying to calm her down and presumably do damage control. She was a mess but gorgeous. Don’t know how the senator pulled that in.”
“Dirt!” Katy leaned over and hit him.
“What?” Dirt said, pretending to ward off more blows. “She is hot. I couldn’t help but notice. With all the shit going on, at least let me appreciate something normal.”
“You’re a pig,” Katy said playfully. She knew he was teasing.
“I just stopped by here to grab a burger before heading back to the station,” he said, raking his hand through his hair, looking stressed.
“Who is that?” Katy said and motioned over to a woman who had walked into the restaurant and made her way up to the to–go counter. Not from around here, she had long brown hair with caramel highlights, a high–end job according to Katy. She was stunning in her gorgeous navy wrap dress, possibly a real Diane Von Furstenberg, and camel–colored knee boots. “That’s Lisa Simmons,” Dirt said turning around to look. “She’s a reporter from some paper in Washington. She must have flown out here within minutes of hearing of the senator’s death. She was at the station hounding the FBI agents. I don’t envy them. She didn’t seem too interested in talking to a small town sheriff, which was just fine by me.”
“The Feds?” Katy asked.
“They showed up a few hours ago and pretty much took over. I expected it with Tom being a senator and all. But it’s still my town, and this needs solving for people’s peace of mind,” he said, slamming his fist on the table. “That’s something the FBI doesn’t care about—the people here in Alkon.”
“Dirt, you are not going to believe what Presley,” Katy said with a sideways glance. I looked at her incredulously. Had I not just asked her five seconds ago to not tell anyone? I sent her a stern shut–up look.
“What did you see, Pres?” he asked, sounding tired. Something told me that telling him now might not be the best timing. In fact, he was so tired and stressed; he would probably be irrational and upset with me about not saying anything about it this morning. It would probably be best if I waited. Why get him all worked up over something that probably was nothing? Yes, not telling Dirt was the best option. It’s not as if I wouldn’t ever tell him, just not now. I wanted to wait until I had more information to share.
“Mr. Simms painted his house pink,” I blurted out. I was going to kill Katy for opening her mouth. She kicked me under the table and glared at me as if to say tell him, you idiot. I shot her back a shut the hell up smirk.
Dirt looked at me funny.
Katy eyed me and shook her head at the fact that I wasn’t coming clean. I just hoped he didn’t notice all the looks that Katy and I were exchanging. Lucky for me, he was exhausted and not paying attention.
“Oh that,” he finally said, waving his hand. “He did that after the Town Board denied his permit to put a totem pole in his front yard and made him take it down. Since they couldn’t tell him what color to paint his house, it was his way to get back at the town.”
“What was their problem with a totem pole?” Katy asked.
“Well, it wasn’t the totem pole they had an issue with per se. It was the naked women he wanted carved on the totem pole that the town fathers objected to.” Dirt laughed.
“Tell me something, Dirt. What is the deal between you and Cooper these days?” I asked. “You used to be friends, and now you act like you can’t stand each other.”
Sighing, he said, “It’s a long story, Pres.”
Before I could say anything else, the server brought Dirt’s food wrapped up to go. “I’ve got a murder to solve, ladies.” He stood up to leave.
“See you later Dirt,” we said in unison.
“I can’t believe you didn’t tell him about Helen,” Katy said when he left.
“I can’t believe that you started to. I told you that I wasn’t ready to say anything yet. I counted on you to keep my secret. Luckily I distracted him.” My phone rang. Looking at it, I saw it was my parents’ number. “My mother, I’m sure,” I said to Katy. “Hello, Mother.” I barely got that out before my mom started badgering me about where I had been and what I was doing. “Okay, okay.”
I hung up and looked at Katy. “Next time she calls, and I’m with you, I’m just going to hand you the phone and you can deal with her.”
Katy laughed. We moved on from talking about current events to reliving some old memories. Talking non-stop until it was time for Katy to leave.



Chapter 9

Last night it had seemed like a good idea to not tell Cooper or Dirt about Helen. However, by the light of day, I began to think maybe it hadn’t been the smartest idea. Who was I kidding? I was no detective. What if I screwed something up? Or even worse, what if withholding this information did get me in trouble like Katy said? I didn’t want any legal trouble. I was a good girl at heart and wanted to keep it that way. At this point, though, I figured the damage was done, and I just needed to redeem myself by finding out more useful information. Then, when I went to them with the information, they wouldn’t be so mad.
Yesterday at lunch, Katy and I had worked together to come up with a plan to see what we could find out around town about Helen and any extramarital affairs she may have been having. I wished I could get my mother to help—she surely knew what the rumor mills were saying. I felt convinced that finding out the identity of the person in the car with Helen the other night would help unlock the rest of the mystery—or at least satisfy my curiosity about Helen’s affair. Katy wasn’t thrilled about my interfering and not telling the guys what I knew, but I persuaded her to see my reasoning and Katy was loyal to a fault. One of the first things I thought of, was to talk to some of Helen’s friends here in town. Not that Helen was here much these days, but she had grown up here. I figured since childhood friends were usually the people you told your secrets to; it would be a good place to start. Besides, when Helen spent time here in Alkon, she was active in some women’s clubs, so people knew her.
As I pulled into the parking lot of the library, which was the first step in our grand scheme, I began to get nervous again. What if, by not sharing what I knew, I helped the killer get away? But, then again, what if I found an angle they didn’t think of and was able to help catch the killer because of it? I was the queen of rationalization; this was no different from being able to justify new shoes over paying a bill on time. I needed to give Dirt and Cooper more credit. I was sure they were smart enough to figure it out without my insignificant pieces of information. Besides, they probably already knew about Helen and would just be mad I was wasting their time with such trivial matters.
See what a small dose of positive thinking does, I thought and stepped out of my SUV. I felt better already. Now, I just had to figure out the best way to ask Ruth Johnson, the town librarian and best hometown friend of Helen Daniels, about Helen’s extracurricular activities. We thought Ruth was a good place to start, if she would tell us anything. She was one of the few friends Helen had here—at least that we knew about. I had tried subtly to get some information out of my mother last night, but she hadn’t been too forthcoming. She thought it was none of my business.
“Hi, Ruth,” I said, walking up to the circulation desk with a peppy smile plastered on my face. The type showing lots of teeth that I could spot as a fake from ten miles away. But I was hoping Ruth wouldn’t be as observant. Even my mother didn’t catch on to this all the time. I thought if I turned on the charm, Ruth might be susceptible to it. I had even been careful when getting dressed this morning, to be more conservative than normal—no Juicy Couture sweat suit today. I felt that adhering to a more conservative dress code could only help my cause. As a result, I was in a khaki skirt and blue button–down shirt and white Keds all borrowed from my mother since I didn’t own clothes like this. Adding the perfect strand of pearls made me the lady my mom always dreamed I would be—the younger version of herself.
As I was leaving the house; I swore her eyes were glistening with joy. I would never be part of the women’s club the way my mother wanted; it just wasn’t in my nature. But if the ladies of the town would trust me more in this get–up than if I were wearing jeans and three–inch heels, then I would do it.
Ruth hadn’t changed any. In fact, it looked as if she still thought it was the 1950s. I peered over the desk, slightly expecting to see a poodle skirt and bobby socks. Ruth had on gray slacks and a pink sweater, not too far off. And yes, don’t forget the requisite strand of pearls, I thought to myself, while fingering my borrowed ones. Ruth was also one of my mother’s good friends, so I needed to be careful about what I said to her. The last thing I needed was for Ruth to run back to my mom and tell her about the whole conversation.
“Hello, dear, how nice to see you,” Ruth said to me. “When I saw her your mother at bridge club the other night she didn’t say you were going to be home. Planning to stay long? You know, my Bobby is home too. Maybe you could get together.”
I groaned inwardly. The other aspect of my mother’s friendship with Ruth was that they never stopped trying to fix Bobby and me up. When we were little, the two women had forced us to play together and at a young age, we had fun. People just change and as we grew older; we found different likes and friends. There were five of us. Me, Katy, Bobby, Tracey Miller, and Steve Krump. I wasn’t sure what Steve was up to these days, and Tracy Miller was now Sister Tracy, although she was the last person I would picture joining a convent. Maybe it was penance for all the trouble we got into as kids; maybe she was now paying for all of us.
Too bad Bobby hadn’t followed her example. As we grew up, Bobby went from being a fun kid to one of the biggest losers in high school. He was lazy and smoked pot all day, thinking his looks and charm would get him by in the world. Shockingly, they often did, although both were lost on me. Part of his problem was that his mom always gave him everything he wanted. There was never any reason to shape up, and he didn’t seem like the type to undergo a complete transformation of own volition. But I had to be polite, or I would never get the information I needed. I replied, “That sounds like a great idea, but right now I’m here working and I am busy. Maybe I can give him a call some other time?”
“You have my number then. He is staying with us until he can get back on his feet. You know, his wife recently left him, awful woman. I always knew she wasn’t good enough for my Bobby. He needs someone who will treat him right.”
I was sure Ruth would never see the error in his ways. That was probably part of the reason he was so screwed up. Even my mother agreed with me on that one. She felt Ruth babied him too much.
“I’ll keep that in mind, Ruth. I was hoping you could help me with something.”
“Sure. What do you need?” Ruth asked.
I was still undecided as to how I should approach this question. I didn’t think casually asking Ruth who Helen might be having an affair with would be a great idea, though it sure would make things easier if I could be that direct. But I wasn’t exactly sure how to approach it.
“I was wondering if you had heard anything around town. You know, about who might have wanted the senator dead or anything like that.” I tried acting nonchalant about the question, hoping it might help, but I knew I sounded stupid.
Ruth looked at me strangely, lips pursed. She didn’t seem to thrilled I was asking her this question. “I know that you probably think you are doing a good thing,” Ruth said and smiled sweetly, in an obvious attempt to be nice to me since I doubted she believed that. “But, I’m not one to gossip, even if I did know something. And if I did, I would go to the police. Shouldn’t they be the ones asking these questions?”
“I thought you might have heard something. I just feel so bad for Helen.”
She was looking at me strangely as the smile slid from her face. Uh–oh. I began to think Ruth realized my motivations might not be pure. She wasn’t stupid. Maybe she knew some hot, juicy gossip she didn’t want me to find out.
“Isn’t that a job for the police?” Ruth said again, more sharply.
“Of course, it’s a job for the cops, and I’m not trying to interfere with that, Ruth. I’m just looking for some information,” I said, trying to sound innocent. “I just want to see who might have had a motive and maybe help the police, all in the name of writing an accurate article to share with the public. Do you know of anyone who would want to kill him?”
“What are you getting at Presley? Why would I know?”
“You are pretty good friends with Helen, aren’t you? I thought maybe something she said to you might be enlightening?” I was trying to be careful, not wanting to offend Ruth because then she wouldn’t tell me anything. Though it seemed unlikely she would tell me anything anyway.
“What are you getting at, Presley?” Ruth asked again, clearly on to the fact I was looking for some private information on Helen.
“I don’t know. Someone obviously wanted him dead. There has to be a reason someone killed him. I’m just trying to figure out what that reason was. You know, like maybe he had money troubles or something.”
Ruth just stared at me, not biting at any of my hints, and I could tell she was suspicious about why I was asking. I weighed my options. If I didn’t come right out and ask; I wouldn’t know. If I did bluntly ask her about Helen, what was the worst that could happen? But if I did ask, then Ruth’s reaction might give me a clue about the person Helen was seeing. Was it worth it?
“I heard Helen was having an affair,” I blurted out.
“What?” Ruth exclaimed. Her eyes narrowed, and crossing her arms in front of her chest, she gave me a dirty look. “What right do you think you have, asking these questions?”
“Well, if she were that would be a motive for someone to kill Tom, wouldn’t it?” I continued. Ruth was clearly unhappy to hear me talking about this, so I added quickly, “Not that anyone would blame Helen or anything—”
Ruth interrupted. “First of all,” she said coldly, “Helen is not having an affair, and if she were, that’s not anyone’s business but hers. And they’re not having money problems. Or any other problems for that matter.”
“Ruth, I’m just saying...”
“Second, you should be ashamed of yourself, spreading these kinds of lies about Helen and Tom.” She continued with her rant. “Have you no shame? Helen just lost her husband, and you are accusing her of cheating. And murder.”
“Ruth, I’m not accusing Helen of anything,” I said, hands on hips, trying to act indignant, which wasn’t that difficult as Ruth was making me feel defensive. I wasn’t trying to say anything bad about Helen. Each to his own and all that. “From all I’ve heard, she was entitled to have an affair with the way Tom acted.”
Ruth walked out from behind the counter and pointed to the door. “I think you should leave, Presley. I will not continue to listen to you slander poor Helen. She’s been through enough.”
I started walking toward the door when I turned back to Ruth and said, “I am not trying to start rumors about Helen. I just want to find the truth. It’s going to come out eventually. If something is going on, the cops will find out.”
“Presley, this is none of your concern.” As the door started to shut behind me, I heard Ruth call out, “Don’t think I won’t be telling your mother about this!”
I cringed at the thought, but I got the sense Ruth might be hiding something. Not that I expected her to spill all the beans, but what Ruth didn’t say, and the way she looked when I mentioned Helen having an affair, were the real clues. I hadn’t realized my HR skills would come in so handy. When interviewing job applicants, body language and what they didn’t say, usually, spoke volumes.
I tapped my fingers on the steering wheel to help me think, trying to decide my next course of action.
I decided my next stop would be Betty’s Baked Goods. Not only did Betty have the best peach cream cheese muffins in the world (I had eaten enough to know over the years and always made my parents bring me some when they came to visit), but Betty also knew everything that went on in Alkon. If there were something going on inside or outside of Helen Daniels’s marriage, Betty would know it, and Betty was not shy about spreading gossip. She always said, if you didn’t want someone to talk about it you shouldn’t be doing it. I agreed with that motto, at least when it was about other people. There were some things I would much prefer no one ever found out about—like the time I had too many cosmos and danced on the table at Muldoon’s in a skirt. Though in my defense Jared dared me, and I couldn’t turn down a dare.
I smelled the sweet treats as I walked up to the building, and deeply inhaled the heady aroma of cinnamon buns and freshly made donuts. Yum. My senses drank in the flavor. It was enough to make one drool, and I quickly swiped my chin to make sure I hadn’t.
Deep into the daydream of fresh, hot muffins, I ran into something hard. “Excuse me,” I said, looking up and finding myself face–to–face with that obnoxious security guy named Simon, who worked for Cooper. He had a coffee in one hand and a bakery bag in the other. He obviously had the same mid–afternoon snack idea I had.
“Watch where you’re going, lady.” Simon looked me up and down.
“Maybe you should watch where you’re going,” I retorted as he just stared at me.
Taste buds in overdrive, I put all thoughts of Simon out of my head. Time for a snack. Betty’s was slow at this time of day. The only people in the bakery were a couple of old farmers talking over late morning coffee, the cook in back, and of course, Betty. I never knew of a time when Betty wasn’t there overseeing the place, making sure everyone was enjoying their food and giving them a hard time. That kind of special attention was one of the nicer things about a small-town. Back in Chicago, people barely looked you in the eye while you were eating, much less cared if you enjoyed yourself, or engaged you freely in conversation.
Betty’s back was to me when I walked in, so I snuck up behind her and said, “Any fresh peach cream cheese muffins today?”
Betty turned around, startled, and then smiled when she saw it was me. She looked pretty much the same, as if time had stood still for her. Her silver hair was pulled back in a tight bun, wisps going in many directions, and she wore her uniform of blue jeans and T–shirt with a flour–dusted apron tied around her waist. However, unlike most women her age, which was somewhere north of sixty, her blue jeans were fashionable, distressed–looking wide–legs. And she had a sassy T–shirt saying I’m too good for you on it.
“Why, it’s Presley Thurman,” she said, reaching across the counter to hug me. “Of course, sweetheart, I always have fresh muffins. Although, you probably don’t deserve them, never comin’ around anymore. I miss you and your friends stopping in here. Kids just aren’t the same these days,” Betty grumbled, good–naturedly. “Best peach cream cheese muffins in the state, you all used to say.”
“What do you mean state, Betty? These are the best in the nation.”
“Quit flattering an old woman. Here,” Betty set a hot, oozing muffin down in front of me. “These are fresh from the oven about five minutes ago. New cook back there,” she said, pointing her thumb in that direction. “Still not sure if she is any good.”
I took a bite of the still–warm muffin. The soft peach–flavored cream cheese flowed into my mouth. I closed my eyes in delight. This was heaven. As I enjoyed my muffin, Betty sat down on the old worn out stool behind the counter—the one she kept around to use while chatting with customers. The food at Betty’s was good enough that it was worth waiting for if she was perched on a stool talking to folks. People knew better than to interrupt her. At least people from around here knew that, and if you weren’t from around here, you figured it out pretty quickly. I couldn’t count the times I had been in here and seen out–of–towners being put in their place after trying to interrupt Betty.
“Haven’t seen you around here in a while. Where have you been keeping yourself?” Betty asked.
“I live up in Chicago now. I’m here visiting, and I can’t believe what happened to Senator Daniels.”
“Oh, I don’t know. Never found him that fascinating when he was alive. I was always surprised he was smart enough to be taken seriously as a politician. I think Helen married beneath her with that one,” Betty said, and I chuckled. “That man wasn’t on the up and up.”
I was glad Betty hadn’t changed. I didn’t have to ask any questions and she was already spilling the beans. No dancing around on eggshells here. If only it had been this easy with Ruth. I should have come here first.
“Really? Like what?” I asked, licking my fingers. This muffin was so good that the information was just a bonus at this point.
“Well...” Betty leaned closer to me, eyes sparkling with a secret as if to keep others from hearing. Granted, nobody else was within earshot, but hey, who was I to say anything. Besides, it added a dramatic flair and made it that much more exciting. “For one, I think he had a gambling problem.”
Now we were getting somewhere. This was the same stuff I heard from Dirt, but if Betty knew, then it was common knowledge or at least people in town had been talking about it freely at Betty’s.
“Are you sure about that? I mean, how do you know?”
“Are you questioning my information?” Betty said with a teasing grin. “I heard it from Mabel Winters, who heard from her daughter Ginny, whose son, Victor, was in Las Vegas a couple months ago when Senator Daniels was there.”
Wow. My first thought was surprise that Mabel Winters was still alive. She was old when I was a kid; she must be positively ancient now. “That doesn’t mean he has a gambling problem,” I said, taking the last bite of my muffin. “Lots of people go to Vegas just to see the shows or even to gamble. It doesn’t necessarily mean they have a problem.”
“Well, now let me get to that. Victor saw Senator Daniels at the Venetian. You see, Victor was there with some buddies from college. A bachelor party, I think.” The one thing about Betty was she always had a lot of back story to tell and you couldn’t rush her. Trying to would get you nowhere. I sighed. I knew I would have to wait but hoped she would get to the point soon before my resolve to not have another muffin weakened, and my thighs took the hit.
“That boy runs around too much. His mama worries to death about him.”
Argh! Hurry up and get to the good stuff. Patience was not one of my virtues. “He’s old enough to take care of himself, Betty.”
“So, Victor was playing craps,” Betty finally continued, “and I guess the tables were right next to the high roller room, whatever that means. As Victor was sitting there just enjoying his game, he said the door to the high roller room burst open, and Senator Daniels came out looking angry.”
Yes! I said to myself, mental fist punching the air. Finally, we were getting somewhere.
“Victor, recognized who the senator was, being from Alkon and all, and was about to go up and say hi. Figuring Daniels seemed friendly enough, when two other men followed him out of the room. Victor said these men also looked angry, and the three of them got into an argument right there in front of everyone.”
“About what, Betty? What did Victor say they were fighting about?” I got excited.
“Calm down, all in good time. Now Mabel said Victor couldn’t hear exactly, at least that is what Mabel’s daughter said. However, he said the two men who followed the senator out were angry about some money the senator owed them. Victor said they were threatening Daniels. Before he could hear anymore, the senator’s bodyguards came and broke up the argument. According to Trudy, Mabel’s daughter, Victor said the senator was not only angry, but also seemed upset by this turn of events. Almost scared, she said.”
I wondered if those bodyguards included Cooper. “Do you think this could have anything to do with his murder?”
“I don’t know, sweetheart,” Betty said, giving the already immaculate counter an absentminded wipe with her ever–present dishrag. “It’s as good a reason as any, I suppose.”
“Have you ever heard anything about Helen having an affair?”
“Nosey little thing, aren’t you?” Betty said, but not in a judgmental way.
I shrugged my shoulders. “Well, I heard some things and thought you would be the person to ask. I tried asking Ruth over at the library, but she wasn’t exactly thrilled with my questions and all but threw me out the door.”
“Did she now?” Betty snorted. “Ruth is as much a busybody as anyone. I don’t know where she gets off thinking she’s better than the rest of us for gossiping. I don’t have any names, but yes, there has been talk that Helen was stepping out with someone. Though most folk, I think, would turn a blind eye. Tom, known for being unfaithful, should have thanked him lucky stars that Helen stayed married to him. I say it’s about time Helen got her own. After all, aren’t women supposed to be equal? At least, that’s what I told that cute fellow, Cooper, when he stopped by earlier.”
Damn that Cooper. He was already ahead of me on this though I wasn’t surprised. “I agree, Betty.” I laughed and got up to leave.
“You leaving already, sweetheart? Don’t you want to hear about all the other gossip?” she asked merrily. “Like who else is sleeping around? I bet I could tell you a few things that might surprise you. This town may be small, but it has its fair share of secrets. Come back tomorrow. I’m trying out a new recipe for cranberry walnut muffins. Gotta challenge this new cook—make sure she is up to snuff.”
“I will, Betty. Thanks.” I started to walk out the door but had one more question I was almost afraid to ask. I turned back to her. “Hey, Betty?”
“Yes, sweetheart?”
“Nothing. I’ll talk to you tomorrow.” I almost asked her if she knew anything about my parents. My dad lying threw me for a loop. But that was crazy. I’m sure there was a good explanation, and I was over-reacting. The last thing I wanted was to start gossip about them.
As I walked out of Betty’s Baked Goods, I saw a tall, lean figure resting against my SUV. Lucky me, as it wasn’t every day I walked out to find a hot guy waiting for me. While I could appreciate the gesture, the look on Cooper’s face told me this wasn’t social. In fact, if I wasn’t so curious about why he was leaning on my car waiting for me, I might’ve been a tad bit worried. He looked pissed.
“I recommend the peach cream cheese muffins,” I said casually as I walked up to him. “Betty just made some fresh. You should try one.”
“What do you think you’re doing, Pres?” Cooper asked quietly.
Gosh, but he was hot. I got weak in the knees in spite of myself, just looking at him. “Nothing but enjoying Betty’s muffins. I tell you, they’re the best.”
“I suppose you are also going to tell me that you went to the library strictly to check out the latest book,” he said, raising one eyebrow, which made him look even sexier. “Are you that bored?”
“Like it’s any of your business, but maybe I did,” I said. “I do read, you know.”
Obviously, someone had called him the minute I left the library. That had to be Ruth. But why would she call Cooper? Unless maybe she called Helen? And Helen called Cooper. And how he knew I was at the bakery was a question I would like to have answered, too. Had he put a GPS tracker on my car when I wasn’t looking? Not to mention that seeing him here made me have thoughts I shouldn’t be having about Cooper. I wanted to grab him and kiss him, and that was just for starters. What was wrong with me?
“Listen, Presley,” Cooper said. “You shouldn’t be sticking your nose where it doesn’t belong.”
“You’re not supposed to be investigating this either,” I said, glaring at him. “Since you still are, then I guess I can too.”
“Is that why you’re dressed like this?” he asked. “Is this supposed to be a disguise?”
“What’s wrong with the way I look?”
“You look ready to attend a luncheon to plan this year’s garden show.” Cooper laughed while looking me up and down. “Baby, not your best look.”
“Don’t baby me! Like it matters to you what I wear,” I said. With him staring at me, I couldn’t help wishing I’d said to hell with trying to dress to please the ladies of this town, and had worn something sexy. But how was I to know I would run into Cooper like this?
“I get paid to be observant. And I would always notice what you’re wearing, Presley.” His voice turned husky. “Or not wearing.”
I shivered, feeling a heat that surged through my whole body, and I quickly realized the khaki I had on didn’t matter. Cooper’s look was doing things to me I hadn’t expected. This was not in my plans, but...to hell with plans. Rick always told me I should be more spontaneous. Maybe I should start taking his advice. I chuckled to myself because I wasn’t sure this was what Rick had in mind.
“What’s so funny?” Cooper asked as he reached out and traced the pearls around my throat with his finger. I sharply inhaled his touch electric. It was feather light and sensuous, and I didn’t want it to stop. It made me want to feel his hands all over me. As he drew his hand back, I leaned ever so slightly toward him. I couldn’t help it. I looked at him, trying to decipher what he was thinking.
“Will you please leave this to the professionals?” Cooper said, breaking the connection like it was nothing.
My eyes narrowed as I wondered if he did that on purpose. Maybe he wasn’t feeling the connection at all. No, that wasn’t possible; he had to feel it. He started it. And he made that comment about my outfit. Talk about mixed signals. A few seconds went by, and the signals became less mixed as Cooper reached to caress the back of my neck and drew me close to him. His lips touched mine, softly at first then more deeply. I started to melt and enjoy him for a minute and then was the one to pull away. I needed to give myself a break from his intoxicating kiss. I couldn’t allow myself to get sidetracked and, boy, he could get me off-track in a minute.
“Before I forget, Betty did tell me something useful. She said that Mabel Winters’s daughter’s son, Victor, saw the senator in Vegas arguing with some men. I already heard that maybe he had a gambling problem, so this could be a real lead,” I said. Willing to give up some information to get things back to the matter at hand and to get my mind off kissing Cooper. And to see if he would say anything about being there in Vegas with the senator. “But you already know all that.”
Cooper’s eyes danced, showing he didn’t think for a minute I stopped our kiss because I didn’t want to forget this information. He knew exactly the effect his kiss was having on me. He pulled me close and tried to kiss me again. “We can talk about that later, King.”
“No,” I pushed him away, and God it was hard. I wanted to kiss him, but he made me mad, trying to get me off the subject of the murder and assuming I wanted to continue our kiss. Who was I kidding? I was more than a willing participant, which made me mad at myself.
“Pres...”
“Don’t Pres me,” I said hotly. “Don’t think you can have your cake and eat it too. If you won’t work with me in this investigation, then you can’t kiss me either.” I stepped back, arms crossed defiantly, wanting to add so there! but feeling that to be a little childish.
Cooper groaned and looked at me as if I were crazy. He leaned back against the car, running his hand through his hair. “Fine. I know he had an issue with gambling, but I don’t have hard evidence, and until I do, there isn’t much I can do about it.”
I was miffed that he had given up so easily.
“Isn’t there a way to check it out? Don’t you have connections or something?”
“It’s not that easy.”
“Speaking of being nosey, how did you get into the security business, Coop?” I said, changing topics.
He looked surprised at the quick change in topic. A few seconds went by, and he didn’t say anything. I started to become distracted again by his lips and by remembering how nice that kiss had been, so I asked again.
“I will check on the casino angle, but only if you promise to stay out of this,” he finally said, ignoring my question.
“I’ll see what else I can find out here then.”
“Fine, but at least quit bugging the town ladies, or you’ll regret it.”
“Why? What are you going to do about it?” I said in a more teasing tone.
“I’m not the one you have to be worried about; your mother is.” He tapped me on the nose and turned to leave.
Oh, crap! He was right. If he had already heard about my visit to the library, so had my mother. He was lucky, because if he hadn’t reminded me about what I was sure to face when I got home, I would have been livid about the tap on the nose thing. Seriously, what the hell was that all about? How do you go from a passionate kiss to a tap on the nose? What...was I a cocker spaniel?
“Oh, by the way.” He turned back around. “If a reporter named Lisa Simmons comes sniffing around you wanting information, do me a favor and don’t talk to her.”
“I saw her at La Casa the other night, but why?”
“Because the last thing I need, or the police need for that matter, is another nosey female poking around.”
I stuck out my tongue at his back as he walked away.



Chapter 10

Damn it all!” I muttered to myself. In my haste to drive to Katy’s, already being over an hour late, I took a corner too fast and spilled the coffee I had picked up for her. Oh well. It just added to the other numerous coffee stains on my upholstery that I kept meaning to have cleaned. That was one of the main reasons I had a black car—I didn’t want to spend time and money cleaning it all the time, and black hid a lot. Maybe I should try it with my clothing. My soft pink shrug, paired with a white camisole and grey cargo pants, had some of the same coffee on it that was also on my upholstery but was much more visible. Now I would have to incur a dry cleaning bill I couldn’t afford. The shrug was cashmere, purchased on sale from Filene’s Basement, so I just hoped the stain would come out. I wouldn’t be able to find another one like it.
I was running late, thanks to my mother. She had asked that I help her plant some flowers before I left again. I felt bad saying no, so I gave in and spent what she thought was some quality mother/daughter time with her. I admit it was enjoyable as we had a chance to talk, and although it ruined my manicure, it was worth it because I’d made my mother happy. Plus, the weather was warm, with a light breeze and it was nice being outside.
I walked into Katy’s salon with what was left of the coffee, wondering if my friend had uncovered any gossip with her sleuthing techniques. Although, I admit, foremost on my mind was Cooper Sands. I couldn’t stop thinking about him and that kiss. We’d had a connection once, but hell, that was years ago. But if that kiss was any indication, that connection was alive and well. How could I be attracted to someone I hadn’t seen since high school? Even though I was confused about how I felt about him now, I was positive Cooper felt it too, but he seemed as reluctant as I to give into it. I could tell it wasn’t from lack of desire. Ugh. I didn’t have time for this. I had just gotten out of a relationship. And I had a murder to solve.
Katy was working on a client, and the place was hopping already, but she saw me come in and waved. I was proud of my friend. Katy had a thriving business and seemed very happy with her life. For a moment, I felt envious. I wanted my life to be that good professionally. It was hard for me not knowing what to do now.
“I’ll just be a second,” she said when I stepped close enough to hear her. “I need to set Mrs. Johnson under the dryer.”
“No problem.” I wandered over to the reception area and sat down with our coffee. There were several ladies waiting under the dryers who engaging in their favorite pastime—gossip. Maybe I could find something out from them. In a salon, gossip was currency. I recognized two of the three women as friends of my mother.
“Presley? Presley Thurman?” A voice came from where the women were all sitting. I turned. I thought her name was Margaret Coombs. This was my opening, and I had better take advantage of it. These women probably knew everything going on about town and be willing to tell me the dirty little secrets. I walked over to where they were sitting underneath the dryers and joined them.
“Hi, ladies,” I said sweetly.
“Your mother told us you were coming home to visit at our last organization meeting for the Fourth of July picnic,” Margaret said. “She was upset when you didn’t show up.”
It was now April. Did what happened almost a year ago matter?
“Yes,” said another one of the ladies, whose name escaped me. “She said you had an important job and had to work. She is proud of you, you know.”
“So, I heard you were one of the last people to see the Senator alive,” Margaret said, changing topics. These women were making my head spin.
I looked confused, so Margaret added, “Your mother told us. Said you were writing something about him.”
“Well?” Margaret looked at me expectantly. I’d thought her question was rhetorical but obviously not. No one but these women could get away with being so blunt. If someone else tried it, they’d be ripped apart. These ladies obviously felt they were entitled to information and weren’t too shy to ask for it. You had to admire that.
“She can still write about him even though he’s dead, Margaret,” a woman whose name I still couldn’t remember said, ignoring me.
“I know that, Hildy. I was just asking, that’s all,” Margaret said.
Ah–ha. Hildy Thomas was her name. She was the one who always won the best garden award every year. The award my mother wanted to win and said Hildy didn’t deserve, for reasons I had never paid attention to. My mother didn’t like Hildy. She said she was a mean, gossipy woman, exactly the kind I needed right now. I leaned in and was even more attentive.
“She could probably write an even better story now. People love scandal,” Hildy said.
“What scandal, Hildy?” I asked.
“About what a jerk he was. I know for a fact that Helen had cut him off, wouldn’t give him one more cent,” Hildy said with conviction, sticking her chin out.
“You don’t know that for sure,” Margaret said, shaking her head. “Stop spreading gossip.”
“Of course I do,” Hildy said smugly, with the confidence of someone who had an inside source. I hoped she kept talking as this was interesting, especially the part about Helen cutting him off financially. If he did owe people money, that might have put him in a bad spot. But bad enough to be killed over it? Maybe.
“I bet a lot of people might find it interesting that the senator had someone working for him who was, well you know, someone of alternative lifestyle.” The third woman finally spoke up and as soon as I heard her voice I recognized who she was.
Harriet Sands, Cooper’s stepmother. His parents had divorced when he was in high school. His mother left town and his father quickly remarried. Harriet had been a beautiful woman when she was younger, and still was. She had dark brown hair cut fashionably in a long bob with layers around her face. She had to be my mother’s age. However, attractive she might be; she wasn’t always rumored to be the nicest. As far as I knew, there was never any love lost between Cooper and his stepmother. They had never been on good terms. She despised having to share Cooper’s father, and felt Cooper was a nuisance. His words, not mine. Of course, they were the words of a teenager. This all happened years ago, so maybe things were different now. But she had gotten my curiosity up. Who could she be talking about?
“Harriet, that doesn’t mean anything,” Margaret said. “Quit being so judgmental.”
“No, Margaret, she’s right,” Hildy said. “Senator Daniels was a conservative. He took a strong stance against gay marriage. It’s not about being judgmental, but about being a hypocrite. Not that I’m surprised.”
“Mrs. Sands, Dottie is ready for you now,” Katy said, walking up to us.
“It’s about time. My appointment was ten minutes ago.” Harriet brusquely stood up. “I don’t know why I put up with this.”
As Harriet walked off, Katy rolled her eyes, and the other two women giggled as they noticed. It was clear Harriet’s attitude was no surprise to them.
“Because she does a fabulous job, and no one else will put up with you,” Katy said under her breath so only I could hear. We smiled at the inside conversation.
“I brought you some coffee,” I said. “I thought you might want a late afternoon pick–me–up, although I spilled half of it on the way, and the rest is probably cold by now. I was trying to make it up to you for being late.”
“Don’t worry about it. Come on back to the office,” Katy said to me. “I have a new espresso machine. I was spending way too much time and money going to Betty’s. Not to mention it was hard to go there without getting a muffin, too. I can whip us up some of that fancy coffee you like so well.”
“Yum...lead the way.”
Katy fired up the machine, and soon the room filled with the heady aroma of fresh brewed espresso. How I loved that smell. It was almost as good as the taste. Almost.
I sat down on the brown leather couch in the break room/office of Katy’s salon and waited for my coffee. “I like those jeans, Katy.” They were wide leg jeans with white embroidered butterflies on the cuffs. She paired them with a crocheted short sleeve top that set off the cuff of the jean well. “I need you to tell me everything you know about Cooper. How did he get into private security?”
“What’s with all the questions? You like him?” Katy teased.
“Hardly. In fact, it’s the other way around. He drives me crazy. I asked him about it, and he put me off, which makes me more curious.
“You do like him,” Katy teased, looking at me as she expertly steamed milk for our lattes.
“Just forget it.” I didn’t like where this conversation was going, so I changed the subject... “So, did you find out anything? Ruth was less than helpful, but I did get information from Betty,” I added and filled her in.
“Don’t think you’re going to get off this easy, Presley. I want to talk more about this Cooper thing,” Katy said to me with mock sternness. “But I guess it can wait. Since, I do have some exciting news!”
“What?”
“I confirmed Helen Daniels was having an affair, and still is if you believe everything you hear. Which you should in this case, of course, because you saw it with your own eyes. Mrs. Dixon, who comes in for a wash and set every week, told me it was common knowledge that Helen and Tom were sleeping in separate bedrooms. She said they had their own lives, if you know what I mean. Those were her exact words, and she even winked at me when she said it. It was hilarious, and it was all I could do to keep from laughing. She told me the only thing keeping them together was money. His love of hers that is, because I don’t think he had any of his own. Helen just didn’t want the scandal of a divorce or to have to pay him off. According to Mrs. Dixon, she liked being a politician’s wife.”
“I can’t believe you didn’t call me the minute you heard this! Did she give you any idea who Helen might be involved with? We already suspected her of the affair. We just need to find out who it is.”
“No, she wasn’t exactly sure who it was, but she’s convinced it’s someone here.”
“You mean, here as in Alkon? Why?”
“Because for the last six months, she said Helen has been spending more time back here in town than she has in a long time, and without Tom. Mrs. Dixon said Helen used to come to Alkon about once or twice a year, and it’s been that way for years. Then, in the past six months, she has come back about twice a month, supposedly on family business. But as far as Mrs. Dixon knows, there hasn’t been any family business. She’s friends with Helen’s mom and she said she would have told her. Katy was vibrating with excitement at being the one to give all this news. I was glad to have our suspicions confirmed. At least it was a start.
“Hmm, you know, Ruth also made me think there was something going on. She got annoyed when I started asking questions about Helen. The gossip queens,” I said, nodding my head in the direction of Margaret and Hildy, “didn’t have a lot of nice things to say about Tom. But, Harriet Sands suggested that the senator had someone working for him who is gay. Or, as she put it, someone of an alternative lifestyle. Since the senator was publicly against this lifestyle, if people knew about it, it could be bad for him. Can you believe that people still even care about this in today’s day and age? As if someone would get killed over that.”
“They must be talking about Tobey Stone.”
“What?” I choked on my latte. “Tobey’s gay?”
“Duh. I thought most people had that figured out in junior high. You’re not very observant.”
“Well, that sucks. I had thought maybe Tobey was the one Helen was having an affair with. You know, I saw them arguing at the Coffee Café, and Tobey’s young and good–looking. I thought maybe Helen might have picked him to get back at the senator since he was one of his employees. It would have been a great way to get back at him if she wanted to. Nothing like a little young eye–candy on the side.”
Katy laughed. “Well, Tobey’s not having an affair with Helen.”
“Then maybe it’s Chris. You know, keep it in the family.” I was joking, but the look on Katy’s face made me stop for a moment and start to think that there was something going on between her and Chris. More than just the casual fling Katy had alluded to. The other night at a restaurant, I knew Katy liked him, with the shameless flirting and noticeable cleavage. However, when she said it was all in fun, I believed her. So why, when I mentioned Chris having an affair, even in jest, had a pissed–off look flitted across her face? A look she quickly replaced with sadness.
“Katy, what’s wrong? Is there something you’re not telling me?” I probed gently. Tears welled up in Katy’s eyes. “Is there something more than just a flirtation and fun going on between you and Chris?”
She nodded, trying to get control of her emotions.
“Well, why are you crying about it?” I touched her hand. “If you like him and he likes you, then you have a right to be happy.” I was just teasing.
“That’s just it. I’m not sure he does like me. I mean, for anything more than just a quick fling, and I want more than that this time. Which I told him, and he said that this time things would be different. At first, he was sweet and caring. He couldn’t seem to get enough of me and wanted to spend all our free time together. Then, these last few weeks he’s been standoffish and distant. I don’t know what’s wrong with me.” This statement brought a fresh burst of tears.
“Honey, nothing is wrong with you. If he's a jerk, that’s his problem. Not yours. Have you tried to ask him about it?”
She nodded again. “He just says he’s busy and that he’ll call. You know the typical unoriginal excuses that men come up with. The ones they think we’re stupid enough to believe, but he doesn’t. He just brushes me off.”
“I know this isn’t what you want to hear, but maybe blow him off the next time he comes around. Make him realize you are not going to just sit around. You know how it is. When men think you’re available, they think they can treat you like crap. The minute you turn the tables on them; it is amazing how quickly they come running. Let’s go shopping later. I promise it will make you feel a hundred times better.”
She smiled at this. “I wish I didn’t like him, but I have for years.” She shook her head ruefully. “You’d think by now I would have learned my lesson with him, but I can’t help it. There is something about him I can’t seem to get over, even when he treats me like crap. I keep thinking he will change. That this time is the time and things will finally work out between us.”
“Trust me; I’ve made plenty of mistakes with my love life. I just don’t want to see you get hurt. Sometimes you have to act strong even if you don’t feel it.”
“I know, I know. Guys are pigs. So remind me, why do we like them?”
We both sat there for a minute; Katy lost in her own thoughts. I was trying to be patient, waiting for my friend to collect her thoughts while sipping her coffee. I wanted to get back to the matter at hand but didn’t want to push her. Chris was a jerk and had always been a jerk, in my opinion. Better she realized it before she continued to let him play his games with her. She was way too good for him.
“You know,” Katy, said, tapping her finger on her lips thoughtfully, seemingly back in control of her emotions. “I did hear a rumor a while back that Bobby Johnson was having an affair. Supposedly it was the reason Bobby’s marriage broke up.”
I choked on my coffee again at this news. “Stop telling me these things when I am drinking something,” I scolded Katy playfully. “Are you trying to kill me?”
“Sorry.” Katy giggled.
“You know I love gossip just as much as the next person, but does this have anything to do with our investigation?”
“Maybe it does. The rumor was going around for a few weeks right when Bobby separated from his wife and came back from his trip to Las Vegas. Supposedly, he went there to recover from his big heartbreak. But if cheating was the reason his wife left him, he shouldn’t be too upset. It was his own damn fault.”
There was that Vegas connection again. Interesting how it kept coming up. So much for what happens in Vegas, stays in Vegas.
“Maybe we can talk to his ex–wife. Do you know her?” Maybe this would give us some good information.
“No,” Katy said. “She wasn’t from Alkon, and they didn’t live here for the brief period they were married. I’m not sure where she’s at now. Probably as far away as she can get.”
“Damn. Oh well, I doubt it has anything to do with Senator Daniels’s murder, but it would have been fun to get her thoughts on Bobby.”
Katy had to get back to work, so we made plans to be in contact later, and I headed home. My cell phone rang, knocking me out of my driving trance. The phone displayed my parents’ number. Was I late for something? I tried frantically to recall if I had made any plans with them.
“Hello.”
“Pres. Where are you?”
It was my dad. “I’m on my way home. I should be there in a few minutes. Why?”
“I don’t want to alarm you, but when your mother and I got home, we found that someone had thrown a rock through the window with a note attached,” he said calmly, as if asking me to pick up a loaf of bread on the way home.
“What?” I yelled. I couldn’t believe he was so relaxed about this.
“Now, sweetheart, calm down. It’s no big deal.”
I could hear my mother in the background yelling, “See; I told you! You should have waited for her to get home. Now she’ll speed and not pay attention to her driving. Do you want her to get in an accident?” Not as calm about this whole thing as he was. She was clearly rattled which was unusual for her.
Dad ignored her and kept talking. “Everyone is fine, and I’ve called Derrick. He should be here in a few minutes.” He paused, adding, “I see him pulling in the driveway now.”
“Did you see who did this? You said there was a note. What does it say?” My words tumbled out.
“Don’t worry about it, King. Concentrate on driving, and when you get here, we can figure this all out.”
Concentrate on my driving after hearing this? Was he freaking kidding me? How could he be so nonchalant about this? I thought, hitting speed dial where I had programmed in Cooper’s number. “C’mon, c’mon! Pick up!” I said into the phone. The voicemail kicked in.
“Cooper,” I said urgently. “Call me the minute you get this.” My next call was to Katy, who didn’t answer either. Wasn’t the point of cell phones to be reachable at all times? In the city, people kept their phones glued to their ears. I threw mine onto the passenger seat out of frustration. It rolled off the seat and onto the floor, taking me from frustrated to pissed—at myself. How stupid. Now if someone tried to call, I would have to stop to get a phone or risk reaching over to get it while driving and swerving off the road.
Deep breath in, and...exhale. In with the good and out with the bad. That never worked for me in yoga class, and it sure didn’t work for me now. It’s okay, I told myself. I’ll be home in a minute.
The last few miles seemed to take forever. As I pulled in, I noticed Dirt’s county–issued Tahoe was already there in my parents’ driveway. Then I saw a car following me up the driveway. Who the hell drove a red truck? Then it clicked. The red truck belonged to Brian. Why was here here? Argh! As if what happened wasn’t bad enough, now I had to deal with Brian. I wanted to bang my head against the steering wheel in frustration.
I jumped out of the car and jogged up to the porch where I saw my parents and Dirt waiting.
“So, who did this, Dirt?” I asked breathlessly. I needed to start getting some exercise. Whew! I was winded just from running a few steps. I thought if I didn’t wait for Brian to get out of his truck; he might get the hint. No such luck. He was right behind me.
“Who the hell did this?” I demanded again. “Someone tell me what’s going on.”
As I spoke, Brian started rubbing my arm, I assumed in an attempt to console me or something. I tried to subtly move away from him with a little sidestep. Did he have amnesia and not remember our discussion the other night? Had he not understood me clearly enough? What part of let’s just be friends did he not understand?
Dirt looked strained. He shook his head. “I don’t know, Pres. That’s what we are trying to figure out here. The note said to quit interfering or more than a window would be broken. But it’s in messy block letters like someone was writing with their left hand. Do you know what that could mean, Pres?”
“No,” I said, but wondered if someone knew I was asking questions around town about Helen and Tom. I just couldn’t imagine the people I had talked to doing this sort of thing.
“Thank God no one was home when the rock went through the window,” my mother said. She kept staring at me, making me want to squirm. Why did it seem that she somehow knew I was keeping things from Dirt? She always did know when I was hiding something.
Dirt resumed talking. “That’s one reason we don’t want to blow this out of proportion. Obviously, the person who did this made a point to do it when nobody was home. That means they were probably not out to hurt anyone, just scare you. As much as we’ve been able to narrow down, it happened sometime between the time your parents left at two and four thirty, when they came home about a half hour ago.” I looked at my watch, a knock–off Cartier but completely authentic looking, and saw it was a little after five.
“Did you talk to the neighbors yet?” I asked, moving away from Brian, who kept inching closer and closer. As big as this porch was, I was about to run out of room. I noticed out of the corner of my eye that my dad was looking at me and trying to hide a smile. Leave it to him to be amused by my discomfort while having to deal with a broken window. “Maybe it was kids. You know, just a prank.”
“No one heard anything, and I doubt it was kids. Their pranks include mailboxes and graffiti. Usually, not something as close and personal as breaking a window,” Dirt said.
My parents didn’t have any close neighbors, and those in the area had kids who were all grown. It would have been easy to pull this off undetected, but kids wouldn’t have left a note like this.
I started to ask Dirt something else when another car pulled into the driveway. What was this, the new Grand Central Station? I squinted into the sunlight. It looked like Cooper’s SUV. I was relieved he was here, but also tense because I knew Dirt wasn’t going to take kindly to Cooper stopping by. I hadn’t thought that part through when I called him. I just knew I wanted him to know what was going on and wanted him there. Cooper no doubt guessed what kind of treatment he was bound to get since he’d know Dirt would be here.
I looked over and saw that Dirt had noticed Cooper’s SUV.
“What are you doing here?” Dirt asked Cooper as he stepped up onto the porch. “This is none of your concern.” Dirt took a step forward. His belligerent stance had my dad putting a hand on his arm. For a second, it looked like Dirt wasn’t going to back down, but then he stepped back. Cooper just stood there, not saying anything, which was probably smart under the circumstances.
“I called him,” I said, defiantly taking in how good Cooper looked in his faded jeans. “I thought he should know.” Even though, I had my own issues with Cooper, I was even more annoyed by Dirt’s attitude. Couldn’t these guys just talk about things and get past this—whatever this was? Wasn’t solving the murder more important than some pissing contest? “Do you think it could be related to the senator’s murder?”
Dirt glared at me, which didn’t faze me at all. I wasn’t about to be intimidated by someone I had known for years.
“Why did you call him? Why not me, Pres?” Brian asked. I just looked at him, grateful for the interruption to break from Dirt’s stare, but that was short–lived. I started to answer when Dirt interrupted.
“Why did you call him, Pres? He has no place here,” Dirt snapped.
“Oh, for the love of Pete! I felt Cooper had a right to know what’s going on. I have the right to tell anyone I choose, so get over it.”
Dirt turned to my dad. “Mr. Thurman, I’m about done here anyway. I’ll try to catch the Thompsons on my way out. Maybe they’ll be home by now. I’ll give you a call back tonight or tomorrow and let you know if I find out anything.”
While he finished talking to my dad, I turned to Brian. “Brian, why are you here?” I knew I was somewhat rude, but I didn’t care.
“I heard it on the police scanner at my shop. I listen to it for company sometimes. I came over to make sure everyone was okay,” he said, rubbing my arm again.
“Presley, I need you to stop by the police station as soon as possible to speak to the FBI,” Dirt said. Without even waiting for a response, he turned and walked away.
“Listen, Brian. I thought I made it clear the other night,” and then I stopped. Another car was coming up the drive. For God’s sakes! Who was it now? Half the town was already here. This car I didn’t recognize at all. A royal blue Dodge Neon. I didn’t recognize the girl driving it either. Her brown hair was pulled back in a ponytail, and the serious frown on her face made her not as cute as she probably normally was.
Brian saw the car and blanched, murmuring, “Oh shit.”
We all looked at Brian. I raised my eyebrows in question. He looked thoroughly embarrassed, as if he had been caught doing something wrong, which I thought he had.
Brian looked back at me sheepishly and then toward the newcomer. He took a step back, and I turned around to follow Brian’s gaze. A petite brunette in jeans, adorable yellow sandals decorated with flowers, and a plain yellow T–shirt stomped up onto the porch. She was cute in a wholesome way.
“Brian Roger Ames!” the brunette screamed. “What the hell are you doing here? You said you were working. Last time I looked, this wasn’t your shop.” She looked like she was getting ready to take a swing at him.
Cooper stepped in and tried to calm her down. Too bad, this was just getting interesting. I would’ve enjoyed seeing Brian get beaten up by a girl, and this girl seemed like she had quite the temper. He so deserved that.
“Hi, I’m Presley Thurman,” I said, holding my hand out to the brunette. I wasn’t sure what Cooper said to the girl, as I had been too busy enjoying the look of horror on Brian’s face, but it seemed to have calmed her down a bit. She still looked mad, but not ready to do bodily harm.
“Barbara George,” she replied, shaking my hand while staring Brian down at the same time. If he knew what was good for him, he would say something. I just wanted to laugh. Poor guy.
Finally, after what seemed like an eternity, Brian spoke. “Barbara is my girlfriend.” He seemed to have a hard time saying the words. I assumed it wasn’t because he didn’t want to admit Barbara was his girlfriend, but rather, because he had to admit to me he had a girlfriend after the way he had been acting. I was sure he wondered if I was going to bust him or keep my mouth shut. As much as I would have loved to rat him out, I thought keeping my mouth shut and having something to hang over his head might work more to my advantage down the road. Plus, I didn’t want to hurt Barbara’s feelings over what was nothing.
“We just moved in together,” she said. I raised my eyebrows at this. I was just at Brian’s house the other night. Where had Barbara been? Oh my, that would have been awkward. I glared at Cooper as I saw him suppress a laugh. Barbara looked at us while Brian stood there with a hangdog expression on his face. He knew he was in trouble with both Barbara and me, and that he still wasn’t sure if I was going to keep his actions just between us.
“I’m sorry, Barbara,” I said. “It’s been a long, stressful day. Brian just came to check on my parents. Someone threw a rock through the window, so we’ve had a bit of drama here.”
“Oh no! I hope no one got hurt. I’m so sorry to hear that.”
“Luckily, no one was home. It was probably just kids.” While I knew that wasn’t true, I saw no reason to tell her what was happening, especially since we weren’t even sure. “It was nice of Brian to come out and check on them.”
“That’s my Brian. Always concerned for other people,” she said, taking his hand and seeming less angry. Barbara seemed to accept everything I said, which was good for Brian. I couldn’t wait to give him a hard time about it later.
They left hand in hand, with Brian talking in earnest, no doubt to further try and smooth things over. Once they were out of earshot, I started rolling with laughter. Cooper joined in, while my mother went back in the house with my dad.
“That was a bit awkward,” I said.
“Seriously though, King. What happened here tonight?” Cooper asked me.
“What does it look like? Someone threw a rock through my parents’ window.”
“There’s more to it than that,” Cooper said, brushing my face with his hand. There was that spark again. Damn that spark. I could tell by the look he gave me he felt it too. I wished we were somewhere a little more private.
Cooper told me he had a strong suspicion that this incident was not kids playing pranks that it was way too much of a coincidence and unfortunately I completely agreed with him. He said he needed to make some phone calls and get to the bottom of this. Then he stepped closer and whispered, “I hate the thought of you or your family in danger.”
Cooper suggested we go for a walk, so we went down behind my parents’ house. There were woods and trails that went on for miles. As a child, I’d spent hours running up and down the trails. Even though, I hadn’t been on them in years, they still looked familiar.
“C’mon,” I said to Cooper, “Follow me.” I went down the path on the right. I knew it ended up at a little creek as it had been one of my favorite spots as a child, and even as a teenager for that matter. Though as a teen, I liked it for different reasons—mainly because my parents never came back here looking for me. This spot held many secrets.
As we neared the spot, I was excited to see that the rock formation that had always been my hideaway was still there. Time hadn’t changed anything there. I walked around the larger rock to sit on the smaller one that overlooked the creek. It was getting a little chilly as the sun started to go down, but I didn’t feel it. I could only think about Cooper, and that kept me warm enough.
I sat down on my favorite rock and motioned for him to do the same. His body next to mine radiated heat, and he put his arm casually around me, which radiated a lot more than heat. What was it about him that aroused me so much? I couldn’t remember a time when the mere presence of someone could make me feel this way. Talk about a chemical reaction. I put my head on his shoulder and just sat there lost in thought, enjoying the moment.



Chapter 11

I came out of Home Depot squinting in the sunlight, relieved I could finally head home. I was exhausted after spending all morning running errands for my mother, and I felt tired and dirty. After the events of last night, I had been guilted into doing my mother’s bidding. I wanted to meet up with Katy, but knew I should help my mother first.
I had called Dirt earlier to try to smooth things over, and to see if he had any leads on who could have broken the window or killed the senator; for that matter. Unfortunately, he was no closer to figuring out who had done either one, but didn’t seem as mad as he had yesterday, so I was happy about that.
As I walked out to my car, I thought maybe I would make a quick run back to talk with Betty. The gossip I’d heard while in Katy’s salon yesterday made me think of a few more questions to ask the town baker, and I felt I deserved a muffin. A girl had to keep up her strength, and the cranberry walnut muffins Betty said they would be making today were calling my name. I also had to make time to go talk to the FBI; Dirt had reminded me that I hadn’t done that yet, and they were getting antsy. Since the police station was right down from Betty’s, it would be a crime not to stop in for a muffin.
It seemed like more and more people looked unfavorably upon the senator, if you listened to gossip and read between the lines, which didn’t necessarily make my job of finding the murderer any easier. Not knowing what I was doing didn’t help either, and I started to wonder why I was doing this in the first place. I didn’t know anything about solving a murder. This was almost getting to be like finding the proverbial needle in a haystack. My cell phone rang somewhere deep in my purse, and both my hands were full. I started to juggle my mother’s packages, trying to get a hand free. I knew I should have used a cart.
After grabbing on to every other item in my purse first, I found the phone, just as the ringing stopped. Damn it. I looked at the Caller ID and saw that it had been from Trevor. I had left him a message pitching him the idea of an article about the Senator, so that’s probably what he was calling back about. Oh well, I would just call him back later. The thought of putting my idea out there for someone else to hear was scary.
I was about six feet away from my car when I noticed someone standing by it. Again? I was going to have to start parking where people couldn’t see me. However, this time it wasn’t Cooper waiting to chew me out. I was disappointed; I wouldn’t have minded seeing him again after yesterday.
Instead, it was Helen Daniels waiting for me. That was a shocker. How in the world did Helen know I was there? I was surprised Helen even knew where Home Depot was. Something told me this wasn’t a social call to see how I was enjoying my day, or a visit to invite me to dinner.
“Hi, Helen,” I said. “I’m so sorry for your loss.” Helen looked angrier than grief–stricken, not what one would expect from someone whose husband was killed two days ago. She was still dressed to the nines and had awesome taste in accessories. Were those Manolos? I would kill to be able to afford those shoes. I cringed inwardly at my bad choice of words.
“Who the hell do you think you are, snooping around my business?” Helen snapped at me, hands on hips, with looks that could kill on their own. Helen didn’t look nearly as attractive with her face all scrunched up in anger, and she had a loud screech. She took a step closer to me, wagging her finger in my face. “You need to stay away from me and stop sticking your nose where it doesn’t belong!”
I took a step back involuntarily. She was a little scary all mad like that, but I wasn’t easily intimidated. Almost made me wonder if she was the one who threw the rock through the window, but that didn’t at all seem like her style.
“Helen, I am just trying to find out who killed your husband. Don’t you want to know who did that? Don’t you want justice?” I tried to reason with her, but she wasn’t biting. Didn’t she care, or did she have something to hide? There had to be a reason she was acting like this.
“Does it matter? Does any of that matter? It won’t bring him back, nothing will. He’ll still be dead no matter what you do. Your snooping into my personal affairs isn’t going to bring him back. All you are going to do is spread more rumors, like there isn’t enough of that going on already in this Podunk town! It was bad enough I had to worry about what that asshole was doing to my reputation when he was alive. Now that he’s dead, I want to be left alone.”
“So, help me figure this out, Helen. Let’s stop the gossip-mongers. Who could have killed him? Who might have wanted to see him dead? Did he have a lot of enemies?”
“Like I could even count the people he pissed off on a daily basis. He was in politics; he was always pissing people off,” Helen said bitterly.
“But does anyone stick out in your mind as having enough of a grudge to commit murder? There’s a lot of difference between thinking someone is an asshole and committing a murderer.”
I was hoping Helen might be willing to share information to help me figure this out. But it didn’t look that way. “There is a lot about him that you don’t know. No one knows. If it got out, it would be a scandal, and I am not going to allow him to create a scandal now after he’s dead. I worked too hard to prevent it while he was alive. I have a reputation to uphold.”
“Helen, he’s dead. How can a scandal hurt him?” I wasn’t sure why Helen would care at this point.
“Who cares about him? I’m the one who would suffer. I will not have my name dragged through the mud. I’ve suffered enough because of him.”
“Helen, it’s going to come out eventually. You are not going to be able to keep whatever it is you’re worried about a secret forever. Maybe, if you tell me, I can help you keep it quiet.”
I could see Helen was wavering. My best guess was that she wanted to tell someone. She couldn’t be happy keeping it all to herself, and I wanted that someone to be me. “C’mon, Helen,” I cajoled. “It will make you feel better to talk about it.”
“He had us over a million dollars in debt, that bastard,” she choked out. “These last couple of years, he got hooked on gambling. He started going to Vegas several times a year while I thought he was at political summits or whatever. I guess I didn’t pay that close attention. He lost heavily and owed some people—the kind you don’t want to owe money to. He finally had to tell me because the bank was about to foreclose on our D.C. house. The house here in Alkon would have been next. My family would have killed me. We just had it passed down to us, and he had mortgaged it without my knowledge. He swore to me that he was done after this last time. I believed him; I thought he wanted to change, so I took the money out of the family trust to pay his debts. I thought we could put our life back on track. Boy was I stupid. I still can’t believe I fell for his lies.” She put her face in her hands and sobbed.
“What happened?” I asked, almost starting to feel sorry for her.
“It was all a big joke. He was still making trips to Vegas, just hiding it better. Like most gambling addicts, he kept thinking that each time it would be different and that he would hit it big if he just kept trying that his luck was about to change any minute. All that happened was he got more heavily in debt to the people in Vegas. To make a bad situation worse, they started to let his loans slide in return for favors of political influence. He did it at first, but it started to get more and more out of control. It got to where he couldn’t do what they were asking, and they started putting a lot of pressure on him. He eventually came to me and came clean. He said he couldn’t continue to go through with it. They kept asking for more and more, asking for things that made him feel uncomfortable. Imagine, him having a conscience. If only it had not come too late.”
“When he said he wasn’t going to do their dirty work anymore,” Helen continued, “they said I had to pay the loans back immediately. They swore they would kill him if he didn’t pay up by Friday. We didn’t know what to do, and we had nowhere to turn. I don’t have that kind of money in the trust fund, and I couldn’t tell the family.”
And Sunday was the day he was murdered, a few days after his pay up deadline.
“Who are these people, Helen? Do you think they went through with their threats?”
Helen glared at me. “Who do you think they are, Presley? They’re people you don’t mess with.”
When I thought of Vegas, I thought of Bugsy Siegel and Al Capone. John Gotti was in jail and seemed to be the last of the true gangsters. It was hard to believe Senator Daniels had been tangled up with the likes of those men. Could the senator have been mixed up with those kinds of people and gotten himself killed? Did that happen in everyday life?
“Why haven’t you gone to the police with this, Helen? They should know. In fact, they should have known at the beginning of all this. People can’t threaten you and get away with it. They would have a better idea of where to look if you gave them this information.”
“I told you, Presley. I’m not going to drag the my family’s name through the mud.”
“You think that these men will still want their money even with the senator dead?”
“Of course they will still want their money. They don’t care that Tom is dead. There is still a debt in their minds. And I’m planning on giving the money to them, if I can find a way to come up with it,” she said, fighting back anger and tears. “That’s the only way out of this. I want to pay them off so they will leave me alone and I can get on with my life,” she said.
“Was this what you and Tobey were arguing about the other night at the Coffee Café?”
Helen looked surprised at this comment. It was clear she must have been so engrossed in her conversation with Tobey that night she hadn’t even noticed who might be around to overhear them. For someone worried about her reputation that was somewhat irresponsible of her.
“You saw that?” Helen asked hesitantly.
“Yes, it looked like you were angry with Tobey.”
“Well, that had nothing to do with Tom. Something else altogether.”
I gave Helen a questioning glance, waiting to hear what it was they were arguing about, but she just stared at me. I thought that if I just stared back at her long enough, she would give in and tell me about it.
“Fine. I’ll tell you,” Helen said, rolling her eyes. “Tobey’s been having an affair that was starting to affect his future. I like Tobey and don’t want to see that happen.”
“Wait a minute. I thought Tobey was gay.”
Helen pursed her lips. “That doesn’t mean he can’t have a fling. He is having an affair with Bobby Johnson. And that boy is nothing but trouble. I was trying to persuade Tobey to stay away from him. I care about Tobey.”
“Oh.” I was speechless. Nothing could have surprised me more.
Just then, I noticed a black Cadillac, one of those big boxy types, slow down as it drove by us. Helen noticed it too and became visibly shaken.
“Helen!” I snapped to get her attention. “Who was that?”
“Simon Atkins.”
“Who’s that.”
“He worked for Tom as security,” she said impatiently, as if I should have known.
Must be the guy I had met but why would Helen be nervous about him?
“I don’t understand.”
“I’m not positive, but I suspect he has ties to the men Tom owed,” Helen said nervously.
“Helen, seriously? He works for Cooper. Don’t you think Cooper would know if Simon wasn’t on the level?”
Helen shrugged. “I’m sure those people are good at hiding that sort of thing. They seem to have their ways.”
“Have you told Cooper this?”
“I told you I don’t want the police to know. That will make things even worse.”
“Cooper’s not the police and he feels partially responsible for the senator’s death, so he might be able to help you.”
“I don’t care, Presley. I don’t want this to get out. I can handle it myself,” she said stiffly.
“Helen,” I implored.
“Just stay away from me, Presley. Don’t you breathe a word about this to anybody or you’ll be sorry.” She turned and walked back to her car.
When Helen left, I sat in my car thinking about my next move. Floored about the extent of the senator’s gambling problems, I let my thoughts go spinning in my head. The someone, or someone's, he had indebted himself to had definite motive for murder. I started my car and decided to go home and think about my next step. I needed to talk to Katy about this new development, but I knew she was busy and wouldn’t be around tonight. She wouldn’t say why either. When I asked, she was vague. I didn’t press the issue at the time, but I planned to get it out of my friend when I saw her next. I assumed Katy was spending time with Chris and didn’t want to tell me after our discussion about him earlier. I didn’t want her to think she needed to hide it from me. I would always be there for her no matter what.
My phone started buzzing on the seat next to me. I looked at the screen and saw that it was Cooper. I had planned to call him anyway, so he had timed his call perfectly.
“What do you want,” I said, not unkindly.
“Well, I’m happy to hear from you too, King.”
“I am glad you called. I got some interesting information. Helen Daniels paid me a visit. She confirmed the senator had a gambling problem and owed some people, some bad people.”
“Fuck,” Cooper said under his breath. “Why the hell didn’t he tell me this? I knew he had a gambling problem in the past, but he said it was over. He had to have known he was getting in over his head.”
“That’s not all. Now they’re trying to blackmail Helen for the money.”
“I heard that Bobby Johnson has a gambling problem as well.”
“What does he have to do with anything?” Cooper asked skeptically. “Senator Daniels and Bobby were hardly pals.”
“I don’t know exactly. Maybe Bobby and Daniels were connected somehow. Isn’t it odd that in a small town like Alkon there would be two people with gambling problems?”
“Presley, I agree it sounds like a coincidence, but I doubt it’s related. Many people have gambling addictions. You would be surprised. Ask your dad sometime. I bet he could tell you a half a dozen people with a problem of some sort. Besides, don’t you think it would be a stretch that they would be traveling in the same circles?”
“Well, maybe gamblers and mobsters who loan out money to losers who gamble are tighter circles than we think. Besides Betty told me Mabel Winter’s daughter told her that Bobby saw the senator there. ”
“Well, if Betty told you...” Cooper said chuckling, and I knew he was making fun of me.
“Betty’s gossip is always reputable, I will have you know.”
“King, I’m not saying it isn’t, but you have to admit it is far–fetched they would be running with the same crowd.”
“Are you going to share and let me work with you?”
“I told you this is not something you need to get involved in.”
“Well, since you don’t need me, I’ll let you go,” I said frostily.
“Please just tell me what is going on,” Cooper sighed.
“Sorry, I’ve got to go.”
“Pres, wait a minute.”
“Bye–bye,” I said.
Frustrated by my conversation with Cooper, I was excited to see the outlet mall in the distance, thinking some retail therapy is just what I needed as a break from all this craziness.
I considered myself a pro at spotting shopping a mile away and could sniff out bargains with the best of them. As I drew closer, the excited feeling I got when I was about to discover a new store first, or come across a great deal, washed over me. This mall hadn’t been open the last time I was home. I didn’t need to be spending money, the bill collectors were about one week from calling if I didn’t find a way to make money soon, but I couldn’t pass up a potential sale.
I pulled into the mall parking lot and my excitement deflated a little. Unfortunately, it seemed to be the same old run–of–the–mill outlet. The kind with a bargain haircut place, a Chinese fast–food restaurant, and a Starbucks knockoff called Le Café—not very original. Of course, the fact there wasn’t a real Starbucks here reinforced my decision to live in the city. But wait...squinting, I could vaguely make out a brand all too familiar to me and one I loved beyond...beyond...well, in a way, life itself. The sparkly neon spelled out Coach. I looked at my purse and wrinkled up my nose. It was a Prada knock–off, of course—kind of worn and dirty looking. I’d bought it from a street vendor right after the holidays. I thought maybe a new Coach purse was just what I needed—one that still had the new leather smell. Besides, I deserved a new purse just for having to put up with my mother this weekend. Plus, everyone knew Coach lasted forever. It was an investment, I told myself as part of me felt guilty for even thinking about spending money.
I thought I might check out the Chinese place, too. My stomach was growling, and fried rice sounded yummy. All this detective work built up an appetite. I walked into a Chinese restaurant, thinking I would grab an eggroll along with my chicken fried rice, to fortify myself for some serious purse shopping, but I stopped short. Sitting in a grimy back booth (the place didn’t look the cleanest) was Bobby Johnson and someone I didn’t recognize. Though if I looked in the dictionary under mobster, this man’s picture would be worth a thousand words.
The man was dressed in an impeccable three–piece suit, and not a cheap one. I would have to give the man credit for his taste in clothes; I loved a man in a good suit. Someone with that kind of taste couldn’t be all bad. He wore a lot of gold jewelry, somewhat ostentatious, but it fit with his whole look.
He was older, maybe around sixty–ish with a full head of black hair. His hair had just a hint of silver, the kind of hair that looked distinguished on men, but that women spent hundreds at the salon trying to hide. I couldn’t really tell how tall he was sitting down, but he was solidly built, thick and strong without being fat and looked intimidating. He also looked a little familiar to me which was dumb. I didn’t know anyone who even remotely looked gangsterish. He was someone who, even on first glance, you knew you wouldn’t want to run into in a dark alley. Or in broad daylight for that matter, unless you were his wife, girlfriend, daughter, or priest.
Should I walk up and talk to Bobby? See if I could find out who that guy is?
Just as I decided I would sneak up on them and say a casual hello to Bobby, he looked up and saw me. A look of recognition, combined with shock, crossed Bobby’s face. I thought he thought he could drive here and not be seen by anyone.
He gave a subtle shake of his head, as if to say, don’t come over here. Even though, I really wanted to see what was going on now. I decided to give Bobby a break and left the restaurant.
I decided to sit in my car and wait for Bobby to come out. Forgoing my Coach purse shopping was no great sacrifice, as once I got close enough to the store sign, I saw that it said Goach. I should’ve known there wouldn’t be a genuine Coach store out here. As disappointed as I was, my bank account would remain happy, as would my thighs for not eating fried rice.
Waiting for Bobby to come out of the restaurant so I could find out who that guy was seemed like a better plan than spending money anyway. I was prepared to wait as long as it took. So, to be productive and pass the time, I cleaned out my purse. It was a jumbled mess, and I could never find anything in it. I had a bad habit of shoving everything in there. Amazing what a person collects in their purse. I pulled out gum wrappers, a half ate candy bar (which would come in handy since I was starving), a bill payment that better find a mailbox soon, and a bunch of other junk. I filed my nails, ate the candy, and started to play Twenty Questions, which was a very boring game when played alone. It wasn’t much of a challenge.
About an hour went by and I was getting antsy with the need to pee. I was just about to get out of my car and run back into the knock–off coffee shop to use the restroom when Bobby finally came out. The Mob Dude, as I had already named him, walked out behind Bobby. Then went over to an expensive–looking black Lincoln, that looked a lot like the one Simon had been driving, got in and drove away.
This was Alkon and there weren’t that many Lincolns on the streets. I waited until Mob Dude pulled out of the parking lot to jump out of my car and confront Bobby. He was just getting ready to pull out too, as I jumped in front of his truck to stop him. He hit the brakes and rolled down his window to yell at me.
“What the hell are you doing, Presley? I almost hit you.”
I ran around and jumped in the passenger side. I wasn’t taking any chances; Bobby might try to take off without talking to me.
“Excuse me! Why are you getting in my car? Hey! Stop it!” Bobby yelled, referring to me sweeping a bunch of junk off the front seat of his dirty upholstery.
“Why? Are you afraid your car might fall apart if I clean off the seat?” If I wasn’t mistaken, this was the same car he had in high school. What had once been a halfway cool truck was now riddled with rust holes and so much grey primer covering holes he had tried to fix that I could hardly tell that the truck had once been blue. It was probably paid off though which was more than I could say for mine. “Bobby, this is kind of gross.” The interior had stains of god knows what all over.
“Then get out, Presley.”
“We need to talk, Bobby. And I am not getting out of this truck until you tell me what I want to know.”
“About what?” he said, clearly resigned to the fact I wasn’t going to budge from his passenger seat without answers.
“First of all, I want to know who that was you were just talking to. Second, how much do you owe due to your gambling problem and to whom? Third, what’s going on with you and Tobey?” I looked up. “I think that’s it for now.”
“What makes you think I would tell you anything? What business is it of yours?”
“So, how much do you owe, Bobby?” I said, ignoring his question.
“A hundred and fifty thousand,” he said, dejected, not even trying to deny the gambling issue this time.
Not quite as much as Tom Daniels, but then again, the senator and his wife had money, so comparatively, it was a lot more. Six figures might as well be six million dollars, in my opinion. I was sure it was in Bobby’s too. No wonder he looked upset. “Is that guy you were meeting with the person you owe?”
“Yes, that’s Garrison Palazzo. He’s highly connected in Vegas and is owner ,or part owner in many different businesses there. One of which is the Blue Royale Casino, which is where I played and lost. Lost big. I was so stupid. I just thought if I played a few more hands I could make it back,” Bobby said, putting his head in his hands.
“So, is that the same person the senator owed?”
“I don’t know who the senator owed, or even if he did,” Bobby replied looking back up. If he knew about any connection, he hid it well. He seemed to be telling the truth, which disappointed me. Not the fact he was telling the truth, but the fact that he didn’t seem to have anything much to add to what I already knew.
“Now, will you please get out of my car?” He leaned over me and tried to open the passenger door.
I pushed his arm away. “No. What were you two discussing?”
“I’ve been doing some odd jobs for him since I don’t have even close to that kind of money, and I can’t go to my parents for anymore. This would devastate them.”
“What kind of odd jobs?”
“Just things,” Bobby hedged, obviously not wanting to tell me the truth, which I couldn’t blame him.
“Like what? Mowing his lawn? Watering his plants?” I questioned, pretty sure that wasn’t it.
“Presley, I don’t want to talk about it. I got myself into this mess, and I’m doing what I can to get out of it. I need to start a new life. And I sure as hell don’t need you bugging me. It’s not helping any.”
I just stared at him because, of course, I thought that whatever he was doing had a big chance of being illegal, which even for Bobby, was a stretch.
Sensing what I was thinking, Bobby spoke up. “Don’t worry, Presley. I am not doing anything more wrong than the gambling in the first place. I want to get out of this mess, not make it worse. Now, please get out of my car.”
Bobby seemed depressed and I couldn’t blame him. He was in so deep it was going to take a lot to get out. “I saw a car that looked like that Lincoln, as a matter of fact, looked exactly like that Lincoln, at the grocery store talking to Simon. Why?”
“I don’t know, Pres. Get everything you wanted? Would you please get out of my car...now?”
I opened the door to get out and paused, thinking of one more thing. “Bobby, do you think you could ask Garrison if he knew anything about the senator owing people money?”
Bobby looked at me as if I was crazy. Actually, make that one step past crazy to insane. “Are you freaking kidding me? You want me to ask a Mob boss about other people that owe him money. Specifically, someone who’s now dead? Are you sure you don’t want me to just ask him if he murdered the senator?”
“If you could, that would be…,” I said, ignoring the sarcasm.
“Get out, Presley! Go ask him yourself! Wait. Forget I said that because you would be stupid to do that. Just leave me alone.”
“Okay, okay. But don’t think you can hide this, Bobby. Dirt and Cooper are going to find a connection at some point.”
Already halfway out the door, Bobby pretty much pushed me the rest of the way out. When I walked back to my car, I spotted a sign on the knock–off coffee shop door that said: Internet access: 30 minutes per customer. This gave me a thought. Never underestimate the power of Google; the world was really at my fingertips.



Chapter 12

I sipped my large mocha latte, which wasn’t Starbucks, but wasn’t bad, and munched on the double chocolate brownie I wasn’t able to resist. I tried not to think about those five pounds standing in the way of my looking super hot in my Diesel jeans as I sat down at the computer terminal and typed in Garrison Palazzo. It was amazing what one could find these days on the Internet.
The search engine pulled up multiple hits. Many were from the Las Vegas Sun, which must be the local newspaper out there. Garrison Palazzo couldn’t be all bad, as there were several articles on how he had given money to different charities. Probably did the philanthropic stuff to cover up what he did for a living. Wow, last year he gave one million dollars to a children’s hospital and they named a wing after him. He was clearly worth a lot of money.
I kept scrolling down and to more of the same, all making him look like a good guy. Okay, this was getting boring. Wait a minute. I was scrolling quickly through the repetitive articles when one jumped out at me. Backup, sister, I muttered to myself. I knew I passed it, it was right here. For the love of Pete! Where did it go? I was getting annoyed when finally I found it again. The headline read: Local Vegas patriarch honored by the Businesswomen of Vegas. It wasn’t the headline that grabbed me, but rather the picture next to the headline was what caught my attention.
It showed a picture of Garrison and someone I presumed was the head of the Businesswomen in Vegas organization. At a table behind the podium were Helen and Tom, which wasn’t a big surprise, but Cooper was with them. What the hell? Why didn’t Cooper ever mention he was in Vegas with Helen and the senator? He told me he had only been working for Daniels for the past six months, and this luncheon took place over nine months ago. Why would Cooper lie?
I was also going to have to ask Helen how they knew Garrison Palazzo well enough to be at a luncheon for him. I guessed that put him firmly in the running as a suspect. He could have inside information that could be important. But then that shot my theory of Bobby and the senator having that issue in common, since I knew Bobby owed him, and he gambled at the same place the senator did. You wouldn’t go to a luncheon for someone you owed money to and who was threatening you, would you? Unless that was part of the debt repayment plan. Though maybe it was to keep Senator Daniels on his toes, so he would know that people were watching his every move.
I went on to search for Vegas news on Helen and Tom Daniels, which pretty much brought up the same information. I found it odd that I couldn’t find anything on Simon Atkins, but maybe he was not noteworthy.
I wondered what I would get if I put in Cooper’s name. I was almost scared to do it, it seemed like such an invasion of privacy, but his lies made me curious. I entered his name, hit the search button, and then sat back to see what it would pull up. Once the hits popped up, I was shocked and almost wished I hadn’t done a search. As I read the lead article, I couldn’t believe what I was seeing. This couldn’t have any truth to it. There was no way Cooper was involved in what the article said.
The article, dated about two years ago, had a detailed an account of how Cooper and three other men were indicted on murder charges in Vegas. The article went on to say that Cooper and these men worked for Tony Spellmen, a reputed Mob figure in Vegas. Tony and another Vegas Mob figure had a falling out, ending with the other guy being murdered in his home. According to the person who wrote the article, the evidence against the men had been largely circumstantial and all charges were eventually dropped. However, there was still much speculation that the men had been involved, but were just adept at covering their tracks.
Even though I was confident Cooper had nothing to do with murdering someone, I did wonder how he got caught up in the mess to begin with.



Chapter 13

“Hello?”
“Presley! I need to talk to you right away.” It was Helen Daniels, hysterical. I could hardly understand her.
“What is it, Helen? What’s wrong?” I had fallen asleep after getting home exhausted by all the information I was trying to process, but the sound of fear in Helen’s voice quickly woke me up.
“Just meet me at Gardner’s old warehouse in thirty minutes. If you’re not there, I won’t be able to wait. It’s not safe. You have to hurry.”
“Helen, calm down. Safe from whom? Why all the drama? Helen...Helen?” She’d hung up. I glanced at my watch. Crap! I’d never make it there in thirty minutes. All I could hope for was that Dirt and his deputies were out investigating the senator’s murder rather than trying to keep the streets safe from speeders.
I ran out of the house, past my mother still working in her garden.
“Presley, where are you going?
“I’ll be back in a bit.”
“For dinner?”
“I don't know.” I said.
“Where are you going?”
“I’ll explain later. Just eat without me if I’m not back.”
“Pres!”
“Bye, Mother.”
I pushed seventy in a forty–five mile an hour zone, my Kia humming, just hoping to get there on time. I was surprised my car could go that fast. In Chicago, the traffic was so bad you didn’t have a chance to speed much. My phone rang again, but I didn’t look at it. I needed to concentrate on my driving. Gardner’s warehouse, located about twenty miles outside of town, used to be a production plant for some automotive part. The plant closed years before, when I still lived here.
I pulled in the parking lot, gravel flying, hoping Helen was still here. The clock on my dash said it had been thirty–three minutes since she called me. Not too bad. I just hoped she hadn’t left. I pocketed my keys, not wanting to weigh myself down with my purse, and jogged around to the front entrance. I had on flip–flops, not the best jogging shoes, but I was so startled when Helen called I just ran out of the house without paying attention to what I had on. This was a big place and I huffed trying to catch my breath.
Helen hadn’t specified exactly where to meet her, so I assumed she might be at the front entrance. She wasn’t waiting outside for me, so I tried the front door or what I presumed was the front door. It was unlocked, which I thought strange for an abandoned building, and made me a little nervous. Though, had it been locked, I could have crawled through one of the many broken windows. Anyone who wanted could easily get in. I carefully stepped inside the building and the darkness engulfed me. The broken windows let in only a little bit of light. It took a few minutes for my eyes to adjust. The place smelled dank and musty, and I could hear the scurrying of what were probably little furry rodents. I shuddered involuntarily and didn’t want to think about what type of creepy crawlies were in this building, especially with me in flip–flops.
“Helen,” I called softly. No answer. Where the hell was she? I tiptoed in an effort to be quiet, going a little further into the building. But I still couldn’t see very well, so tiptoeing wouldn’t do me any good if there were anything in my way. I would be sure to trip over it. All of a sudden, I felt a hand on my arm. I jumped about ten feet and started to scream.
“Shh, Presley. It’s just me,” Helen said. “Do you think you could be a little quieter?”
“Then don’t ask me to come to an abandoned building and grab me when I’m not expecting it. You could have been anyone or anything,” I said. “I am not a big fan of the creepy things I’m sure are in this building.”
As my eyes adjusted to the near darkness, I took a look at Helen and grew concerned. She was one of those women who always looked impeccable, but her dark brown hair, usually in a knot at the nape of her neck, was disheveled and loose. I could tell she had been crying, from her smudged make–up. She wasn’t her normal well put together self.
“So what is going on, Helen? Why all the cloak–and–dagger stuff? Why did we have to meet here, of all places?” I asked, looking around and waving my arms. “Should we even be here? The place looks about ready to fall down. I’m sure the owners wouldn’t be too happy if we fell through the floor or something. This building is a liability.”
“It’s the only place I could go where I could easily see if I were being followed. Besides, we own the building. Or rather, I do now,” Helen said, giving a little laugh.
“Why would anyone be following you?” I took a step forward; concerned she might be in danger. It seemed so surreal.
Helen tried to keep herself from crying again. “They called my house, Presley. They called my house and demanded money. They said if I didn’t pay up, I would regret it. I knew they would want their money, but I thought I would have some more time. I can’t get my hands on that kind of money right now. It’s going to take time.” Helen burst into tears.
I waited for a few uncomfortable moments for the tears to subside. To help Helen, I needed her to calm down and tell me everything she knew. Plus, I had a few questions of my own. “Do you know who it was that called you, Helen? Who did the senator owe money to?”
“I don’t know specifically who the caller was or who Tom owed. I didn’t recognize any voices and they didn’t tell me their names. I don’t think they believed me when I said I didn’t know who they were. Tom tried to hide as much as he could from me about this aspect of his life, I told you that already, and when I forced the issue, he told me as little as possible. Usually, just enough to get me to shut up. To be honest, it got to where I didn’t even ask much because I didn’t care.”
“Who else knew about the senator’s gambling problem?”
“The only people who know about this, besides the people he owed the money to, are me and Tobey. As the Senator’s assistant, Tobey was privy to a lot more information than I thought he should have been,” Helen explained. “Tom said he would find out anyway, and that we could trust him. So far that’s proven to be true. I don’t think Tobey is involved. Other than that, there is no way Tom would have told anyone else. He might have been a gambler, but he wasn’t stupid. At least not that stupid.”
“What about Garrison Palazzo.”
Helen looked up sharply. “What about him?”
“I saw the clippings of you at the Businesswomen’s luncheon in Vegas. Are you friends? Maybe he knows who Tom owed.”
“Hardly. He wouldn’t be any help.”
“Couldn’t hurt to ask, could it?”
“Trust me. It wouldn’t be of any help.”
“But maybe it would be. You don’t know until you ask. You obviously know him, Helen. He might have some information.” I could tell Helen was on the edge I just wasn’t exactly sure why. “Could Tom have been seeing someone in whom he might have confided?” I felt a little uncomfortable asking her this question, but it was common knowledge that he was a bit of a womanizer. This was a small town so Helen probably knew his girlfriend had shown up.
“You mean that tramp who showed up pretending to be his girlfriend? She wouldn’t know anything.”
“How do you know for sure?”
“Because, he might have liked those sweet young things he kept screwing around with, but he liked his politics even more and was careful about what he said.”
“What exactly did the caller say, Helen? Did you recognize any speech patterns or anything?” I said, changing tactics. Helen looked at me strangely, as if maybe she thought I watched too many crime shows. She would be right, I happened to be a huge fan of Law & Order, although after Jerry Orbach had left the show, it wasn’t what it used to be.
Helen pulled out a compact to survey the damage from crying and put on powder and fresh lipstick, which pretty much made her look perfect again. “All they said was that they consider Tom’s debt my debt. I had until Friday at 4 p.m. to get them the money, and that they would be back in touch with a time and place to meet to transfer the money.”
“How much money are you talking, Helen?”
“Four million dollars.”
“Four million...you’ve got to be freaking kidding me!” How could someone get himself that far in the hole?
“Helen, you have to tell the police. I can call Dirt and have him meet us out here. This is too much for you to handle alone.” I pulled out my cell and started to dial.
“No!” Helen shouted. “They said no police. They told me things about my routine so I would know they’ve been watching me. I don’t want to handle it alone that’s why I came to you. It’s not like I can tell my friends what’s going on. I’m afraid to even go around town because I just know they are out there watching. Oh, Presley, I don’t know what to do.” She started crying again.
I have no idea what to do either, I thought.
“Helen, you can’t just pay them. I mean, how do you know they will go away after that? They could keep coming back for more and more.”
“Why would they do that? I’m sure if I pay them this will go away. They just want their money. Isn’t that the honor among thieves or something? Why would they keep after me?”
Or something, was right. Helen seemed to think this was no big deal. She was nuts if she thought it would be that simple. Even if she paid them, surely they would know how much it was worth to her to keep things quiet, and nothing would prevent them from asking her for more and more money. The threat of exposure would always be there. I wasn’t an expert on blackmail, but it’s what made sense to me. I had to convince her to at least let Dirt know. He would know how to help, and I was sure he would keep it from the FBI since he wasn’t thrilled with us being in the middle of this to begin with. Crap. I realized I hadn’t made it to the station to talk to the FBI yet. Dirt was going to be pissed.
“But what if they don’t, Helen? They are the bad guys. Do you think people who threaten you with death if you don’t pay them have any scruples?” I pleaded with her. “You have to go to the police. Dirt can help you and we can trust him. I promise. Or at least let’s tell Cooper. He’s not the police and he can help. He knew Tom, and even though he didn’t know about this, he can help us.”
“No one can help me, and telling Cooper would be bringing on more trouble than I need,” Helen said furiously.
“Why?”
“Cooper has ties to those guys too, Presley. How do you think he came to work for us in the first place?”
“What are you talking about?”
“And you’d better not tell anyone either.” Helen ignored me and kept right on talking. “My life is at stake here, so don’t screw this up for me. I don’t know what I was thinking to tell you anyway.”
Me either, I thought. Helen seemed more like her normal cold, calculated self. Yay for me, I thought sarcastically. What the hell did she mean with that comment about Cooper? I had to get to the bottom of that. All this was making my head hurt. Almost made me miss my boring HR job.
What Helen said got me thinking about many things. The murderer had to have insider information. If Helen could be believed, and I didn’t see why she would lie, Tom’s gambling problem was something only she and Tobey were aware of. It didn’t fit. There had to be others who knew, even if Helen didn’t think they knew. There didn’t seem to be anything else that would put the senator in a position where people would want to murder him. I didn’t see what Tobey could possibly have to gain, and neither did Helen. There had to be someone on the staff who knew more than Helen thought. Wasn’t there always an inside connection? Besides, the senator was killed late at night. Someone had to have access to the house, and be pretty confident no one would be around when Daniels was working late or not wonder what he or she was doing.
Helen took out a cigarette to light up. That threw me off-track for a minute; this wasn’t the public side one usually saw of Helen. She noticed me staring at her.
“Filthy habit, I know, but it’s times like these that I can’t stop.” She inhaled noisily. “It makes me feel so much better.”
“Anyway, according to the rumor mill, Bobby also has a gambling problem.”
“Presley, that has nothing to do with anything,” Helen said. “Bobby and whatever issues he might have are not connected in any way to Tom. Don’t be stupid.”
“Then what do you want from me?” I was exasperated that all she could do was speculate.
“I need you to get your little friends to stay away from this, to leave me alone until I can get this matter taken care of.”
“I assume you mean Dirt?”
“And Cooper. The last thing I need stressing me out in this whole mess is interference from those two. They are both determined to find out who killed Tom,” she said, examining her nails on one hand, holding a cigarette in the other. “I know who killed Tom; it was these bad guys, and prosecuting them won’t bring him back. Guys like this don’t get caught. I just want to make them go away so they don’t kill me too, and I can’t do that with those two sniffing around.”
“I don’t know what makes you think they will listen to me, Helen.”
“I’m sure you can figure something out. Keep them off my back until Friday. After that, this will be over and I’m out of here. Then you can do whatever the hell you want.” She threw her still–smoldering cigarette on the ground and walked away.
“Helen....”
“Bye, Presley. Don’t forget our agreement.” She waved to me with one of those frou–frou insincere waves and left me wondering when I ever agreed to anything.



Chapter 14

As I got in my car, my cell phone buzzed. Looking at the display, I saw it was Cooper. According to the screen, it was the fourth time he had called in the last hour. I had left my phone in the car while in the warehouse and wondered why he so urgently needed to get ahold of me.
I debated whether or not to answer it.
“Hello,” I said cautiously
“Presley! It’s damn time you answered your phone,” Cooper said.
I listened, rolling my eyes. Even though, he couldn’t see my response, it made me feel better.
“Presley!”
“I’m here, I’m here. Keep your shorts on.” Or not, I giggled. A thought of Cooper naked in front of me was a good vision and one that made me feel warm and tingly.
“Where are you and what’s so funny?” Cooper demanded. “King, I’m just concerned.”
I was just about to ask why when I heard him talking to someone in the background. “Cooper, who are you talking to?”
“Just a sec, Pres.”
It sounded like he was covering the phone with his hand to muffle the sound of someone he was with, and I couldn’t understand anything he was saying. But I could tell it was a woman’s voice. It was a girl.
“Okay, I’m back. Presley you need to tell me what you know.”
“Who are you with, Cooper?”
Cooper sighed. “Lisa Simmons.”
“What? You told me not to talk to her. So what are you doing with her?”
“Listen, she just stopped by.”
“I’m going to let you go.”
Cooper sighed and I could tell he was frustrated with me. “Now, answer my questions. Please?”
“I saw Garrison out at the new strip mall, eating Chinese food.”
“And...”
“Not much happened. They ate, they talked. Bobby came out and Garrison Palazzo left. I asked Bobby about it, and he wouldn’t tell me much, but I think he was hiding something.”
“What gave you that impression?”
“He said that he had to help that Palazzo guy because he owed him. He wouldn’t tell me exactly what he was doing for him, but he acted nervously, and I just think there is something going on there. Bobby got in trouble gambling, so who knows what else he is into.”
“Presley, you need to stop asking questions. When you find this stuff out, just come to me and I will handle it.”
“No, Cooper.”
“No. You don’t know what you are doing. Leave this stuff to me. I—”
I snapped my phone shut and quickly turned it off. Now Cooper’s calls would go right to voicemail. I could later claim the battery died. Oops, should have brought my car charger. I threw my phone in my purse and started the car. I was calling it a night. I wanted to go home and stuff myself with some of the chocolate cake I knew my mother made for dinner.
I put my car in drive to pull out of the warehouse and turned left. As I backed out, I noticed a black Lincoln through my rearview mirror.
Was that Simon or Garrison? What was he doing here and who was he with. As they stepped out of the car, I was in for a surprise. The woman was Helen! Of all people.
What the hell was going on? Helen had just told me she was afraid of Simon, and here she was in a car with him. This was getting weirder by the second. Thank God I was in the corner of the lot and there was a dumpster between us. Even so if they really looked they would see me, dark or not.
I was afraid to start the car. They would definitely hear it. It appeared they were arguing. I wished I could hear what they were saying and really wanted to know what Simon and Helen could possibly be discussing. Finally, almost an hour and a half later they left. I let another fifteen minutes go by before starting my car and pulling out. Cooper had called six more times and I’m sure he was furious.
Right now I wanted cake and bed. Detective work was exhausting.



Chapter 15

Walking out of the Coffee Café the next morning, I sipped my large latte and looked up at the bright sky. I wished they made gallon–size cups and that I hadn’t left my sunglasses in the car. Last night even though I had been exhausted I hadn’t been able to sleep at all, tossing and turning until finally giving up at 5 a.m. and doing some work on my computer. I put together the notes I had, thus far, on the senator but no matter how much I tried, it didn’t amount to much. I couldn’t even figure out how to write about it for Trevor.
It was way too early to be up, and I needed some chemical help. I threw on some jeans and snuck out of the house to get what my mother called fancy coffee. My mother was always yelling at me about spending my money on things like that, but I missed my lattes.
After a couple of sips of the hot brew, I finally started to feel human again. This was worth every penny. The sunshine held the promise of it being a warm spring day, which was exciting. There was nothing better than the first few days of spring.
I was enjoying the effect the caffeine was having on my body and basking in the warmth of the morning, when I saw a figure in the parking lot, hands in pockets, staring at me. As I headed toward my car and got a couple steps closer, I realized who it was: Simon Atkins.
Uh–oh. Something told me he wasn’t waiting to chat, not at seven in the morning. I looked around, but there was no one out here except a couple of senior citizens. I wasn’t sure they would be much help unless they’d started taking karate lessons instead of playing bingo. Oh well, I shrugged. What did I have to be afraid of? It was broad daylight in a public place. He wouldn’t do anything to me in broad daylight. Would he? I groaned. I needed more caffeine for this and a better outfit. Now I regretted walking out of the house the way I did. At least if I looked good I would have the upper hand, but it was hard to feel confident in dirty jeans, and I didn’t even have cool shoes on to offset them. I patted my hair, unable to remember what it even looked like when I walked out of the house. I looked down at the tennis shoes I’d thrown on and wished I had my red Enzos with the three–inch stilettos. Not only would they look hot, but they could also be used as a weapon.
As I neared him, my false bravado waned when I saw that Simon’s face was set in a stony grimace. He looked downright menacing or maybe I just felt more vulnerable today because of the shoe thing. When I got within a few feet of him, I stopped, waited, and just looked at him. I sure as hell wasn’t going to be the first one to speak. As hard as it was, I was determined to wait him out.
“Is there something you need, Simon?” He didn’t say anything. He just stared at me. He was pretty good at the staring thing. Didn’t even blink.
Looking at him, I once again cursed myself for not putting on a better outfit to get coffee. The outfit always made a difference. He was wearing black boots, faded jeans, un–tucked blue–striped button–down shirt, and a black leather jacket; the effect was casual and sexy in an intimidating way. Had he worn, say, a yellow polo and tennis shoes, I probably wouldn’t be as nervous? You can’t look scary in yellow, though there’s not much you could do about the bald head and lots of muscles, even if they were encased in yellow.
He smiled at me, but it didn’t reach his eyes. His blue eyes were cold and flat. He looked all business.
“Enjoying your coffee?” He asked in a seemingly gracious tone, as if he didn’t have a care in the world and was just making conversation.
Please! As if he cared about my coffee. “It’s wonderful. Thank you for asking,” I replied dryly. “You should go try some. They make a mean cappuccino. Though you seem like more of an expresso man,” I said.
“So, you fancy yourself as some kind of investigator?” he asked, puffing on a lit cigarette.
“What are you getting at, Simon? I don’t have time to stand here and chat.”
“You seem to be poking your nose into a lot of things that aren’t your concern,” he replied.
“What’s it to you?”
“A pretty little thing like you could get hurt sticking her nose where it doesn’t belong,” he said, taking a step toward me.
“Why, Simon, are you threatening me?” I raised my eyebrows.
He shook his head. “Now, now. There’s no reason to get all-dramatic on me. I’m not trying to threaten you. Let’s just say it would be in your best interests to enjoy this time with your parents and go back to the city. Relax. You don’t need to be trying to find out who killed the senator. Leave it to those who know what they’re doing.”
He could claim he wasn’t threatening me, but I knew he was. He was subtle; I had to give him that. I clearly understood what he was getting at without him even saying anything directly. I would have to file that one in my memory bank. That kind of subtlety might come in handy later.
“Last I looked, it was a free country, and I could poke my nose wherever I wanted. Who do you think you are, telling me what to do?” I asked flippantly.
He took another step closer to me. It took all my willpower not to back up. I had to hand it to him; he was good at this intimidation shit.
“Listen, Presley,” he said in a tone that didn’t even attempt to try to hide the fact he wasn’t a happy man. “I have a lot vested in this situation. I will not have you screwing things up.”
“Why, did you kill the senator?” I didn’t expect an answer, but was curious about what he might say. I thought that by just flat-out asking him, I might get some information from what he didn’t tell me, or I could get even luckier and he would tell me something outright. Hey, anything is possible.
To my surprise, my question got a fleeting smile out of him.
“You think I killed him?” Simon started laughing. “Now, why would I want to kill Senator Daniels?”
“Then why warn me away from finding the killer if your investment in this situation isn’t the fact that you have something to hide?”
“Let’s just say that there are certain things that I would rather stay quiet, but I am no killer.”
“Well, if it wasn’t you, then who was it?” I forged ahead.
“What does it matter? He’s dead and he was an ass. It’s not like anyone’s going to miss him anyway.”
“He had a wife and family. Don’t you think they want closure?”
He snorted, which I interpreted as laughter. “You’re barking up the wrong tree, angel.”
“Is that what you and Helen were discussing last night?” Simon was startled by this bit of information. Which told me they hadn’t spotted me. Though I quickly realized keeping my mouth shut might have been a better idea.
“You would be helping yourself out if you forgot you ever saw us together.”
“Why were you together in the first place?”
“Just stay away from this situation.”
“Who killed him?”
Simon shook his head. “Let the people who pass for cops in this town handle it.”
Now I was pissed. He couldn’t talk about my friends that way, even if he were a scary person who may or may not have killed someone.
“The cops in this town are worth ten of you, jerk.”
I finally wore out his patience. He grabbed my arm, and I tried to twist away, but he was strong. He started to shake me, saying, “Just go back to Chicago.”
“Let go of me!” I screamed, hoping one of those senior citizens would hear and call 911.
“Hey! Put her down!” I heard someone yell. It was Katy. Simon looked up for a minute but didn’t seem to worried about the situation. Why would he? Even two of us were no match for him. “Let go of her!” Katy said as she reached us, grabbing his arm and trying to pry it off me. The three of us struggled, and I was sure it would have been comical had I not been scared. Simon would not let go. I wasn’t sure what he thought he was going to do. Just as I was about to give up the hope of him letting go of my arm, Katy dumped her coffee on him, scalding his arm. Go, Katy!
“You bitch!” he cursed, quickly letting go of me and doubling over in pain. I’m sure the coffee burned him.
I backed out of his reach and felt braver now that Katy was here.
“So, if you didn’t kill Tom Daniels then who did, Simon?” I asked. Katy looked at me like I was crazy, but I thought I would give it one last shot.
“Can’t we just get out of here?” she whispered to me. “Wouldn’t that be the smart thing to do?”
“No. Well, yes, it would probably be the smart thing to do, but he attacked me, and I want some answers.” I looked at Simon expectantly. I could tell he was livid.
“I’m not going to tell you again to stay out of this. Can’t you just forget about this and go shopping or something?”
“Listen, Simon. You obviously have something to do with this whole mess. The police are going to figure it out soon if they haven’t already. Your time is running out.” He began to head back to his car. “Simon, if you don’t tell me who killed the senator, then what reason is there to believe that you didn’t do it?” I yelled, trying one more time to get some answers.
“Why don’t you ask your little friend’s boyfriend who killed the senator,” he said over his shoulder, pulling open the door of his Cadillac.
I looked at Katy, and Katy returned my confused look and shrugged her shoulders.
“What did that mean, Katy?” I asked.
“I have no idea,” she said. She pulled out her phone. “That’s why it’s handy to have friends who are cops.” She dialed Dirt’s number.



Chapter 16

I sat in the parking lot of the police department for fourteen minutes waiting for Dirt to come out, not that I was counting or anything. After I had finished my coffee, I got bored and started getting antsy about waiting on him. When Katy called him after the incident with Simon, he told me to come to the station and wait for him until he came out, which was what I did. Katy had early appointments at the salon and couldn’t come with me. When I finally saw him coming out of the door, I stuck my hand out the window so he would see me. Jogging over to the car, he opened the passenger door and got in next to me.
“You look horrible, Dirt,” I said, looking at him. He did look horrible. His clothes wrinkled as if he had slept in them, but the bags under his eyes didn’t seem to indicate that he’d been sleeping at all. His eyes were also bloodshot, and his hair was sticking out every which way, as if he had been raking his fingers through it.
“Thanks for that boost to my self–esteem, Presley,” he said.
“C’mon, Dirt. I think you always look good no matter what, but you do look a little worse for wear. I take it you haven’t been getting much sleep lately.”
“Not much, Pres. Not since the senator was murdered, anyway. When the FBI got here, I stupidly thought it might be easier, and they could help us deal with it. We don’t have the resources for an investigation of this magnitude. However, they seem more interested in pointing out ways we have screwed this investigation up, rather than trying to find the killer. And they won’t share anything with us. Assholes.” He pounded his fist on the dash in frustration.
“Do you have any leads?”
“All we’ve been able to confirm is that he did, in fact, have a gambling problem and owed some men in Vegas big time. Which we pretty much all knew anyway.”
“Why wouldn’t he just pay them if he were in that much trouble? It’s not like he didn’t have the money.”
“Well, that’s just it,” Dirt continued. “We’re not sure he did. We started looking into his finances, and it seemed Helen had control of the money and had him on an allowance. He already paid someone huge amounts on the debts and may not have had the money this time. Unless Helen was willing to give him more. We are now trying to figure out exactly who he owed.”
“Have you asked Helen?” I wondered how the senator managed to gamble so much if Helen had the purse straps shut tight, though that was probably why he owed millions. People might have extended credit thinking he had more than he did.
“She’s been avoiding me. The FBI headed over there this morning to do just that.” He gave me a stern look. “What were you thinking asking Simon if he murdered the senator?”
“Really Dirt, what was he going to do to me? We were in a public place.” Now that it was all over, I had my bravery back and didn’t want a lecture. Although scary at the time, I was past it now. “I’m convinced he’s involved in this mess in some way, but I honestly don’t think he’s covering up the fact that he murdered Tom. What I don’t understand though is what he meant by his reference to Katy’s boyfriend, or why he was with Helen last night. The boyfriend reference would mean Chris did it, wouldn’t it? I’m not sure he’s technically her boyfriend, but she isn’t seeing anyone else that would fit the bill. What could Chris possibly have to do with this? I asked Katy and she has no idea. I told her to ask him, but I’m not so sure she will. It just doesn’t make sense.”
“Chris hasn’t been acting himself lately. I thought it was stress at work because he mentioned hating his job. Maybe there’s more to it? Listen, Pres, I have a favor I need to ask.”
“What?”
“I need you to ask Cooper what he knows about Simon Atkins’s background.”
“Why do you need me? Don’t you have access to that kind of information? You’re a cop.”
“With the FBI involved, it’s not that easy. They have been clear they want us locals to stay out of it. The less they know about what I’m doing, the better. They will just take over any information I give them and not share what they know with us.”
“Shouldn’t you go to Cooper yourself? If you want something from him, maybe you should just ask.”
“Presley, I can’t do that,” Dirt said.
“And, hey, you can’t leave until you go talk to the FBI. You promised me you would do this already, and they keeping bugging me. They’re going to start getting pissed or show up at your parents.”
I groaned. I didn’t want to talk to them. Not that I had anything to hide, but it was intimidating. “Fine. I’ll do it right now. But I look like crap.”
“I don’t think the FBI cares what you look like.”
“What if there’s a cute one?” I teased.
Dirt just shook his head. “I’ll talk to you later. Please, Pres, try to stay out of trouble.”
My conversation with the FBI was painless. They asked the same questions Dirt and Cooper had already asked, and I gave them the same answers. There weren’t even any cute agents, so the entire thing was a waste of my time and theirs since I didn’t have any new information.
Next on my list was a visit to Cooper’s. I wasn’t looking forward to it after last night’s dead cell phone battery game. I assumed he wouldn’t be too happy with me, but I was going to have to face him eventually, and he would just have to get over it. He was still staying at the hotel where I had talked to the Senator, so I headed over there. Gosh, that seemed like so long ago but had only been a couple days.
I tried calling him while waiting for Dirt but got his voicemail. I guessed he was either still pissed from last night or busy, and I didn’t think much about it. I didn’t leave him a message about what happened with Simon because I didn’t want to freak him out. I thought it would be better to tell him in person before he heard it through the grapevine. However, as I got closer to the hotel, I wondered about the merit of coming here, since this was where Simon was staying too. I hoped he wasn’t here.
I asked at the front desk what room Cooper was in, which, of course, they wouldn’t give out. After a call to his room, though, the front desk clerk was granted permission to send me up and she gave me the oh–so–secret room number. At least Cooper wasn’t telling them to get rid of me. He must not be too mad. I smiled at the thought of being able to see him again.
I stepped off on the fifteenth floor, my mind wandering off the topic of the case at hand. Visiting Cooper in a hotel brought a whole slew of non–business–related thoughts to mind. Made me question coming to his hotel room. Might not be a great idea.
When I turned the corner in the hallway I saw Cooper standing outside his door, leaning against the door jamb, talking to a beautiful brunette. She was tall, about five foot nine, slender, well-dressed and well put together. I watched as she put a hand on Cooper’s arm, and it looked from my angle that she was thanking him for something. At least that is what her body language suggested. She started walking toward me to the elevator, and as she passed, she nodded hi. I nodded back and turned slightly to watch her continue to the elevator. I turned back to Cooper and saw that he was smiling, so I guessed he wasn’t angry, or maybe whatever he’d been doing with that girl put the smile on his face. I blushed with envy at the thought, and felt a little pang of jealousy.
He looked so good. He probably started the day out with a crisp–looking suit and tie. Now, even though it wasn’t even lunchtime, he had ditched the jacket and loosened his tie as if he meant to take it off and then forgot. He had on charcoal grey dress pants, which fit in all the right places, and a blue and gray pinstripe dress shirt. He should have taken his socks off too since they were burgundy. He must have been in a hurry this morning when getting ready.
I could overlook mismatched socks because he was also sporting a five o’clock shadow, even though it was barely 10 a.m. It made him look good enough to eat, making me wish I had gone home to change before coming here. I was still wearing the ratty jeans I threw on this morning to go get coffee. At least the t–shirt and hoodie were reasonably clean, but again I regretted not having at least some better shoes on. Not that he would notice the shoes I wore, no guys ever did, but it would have made me feel better.
“I’m glad you stopped by, King,” Cooper said warmly, leaning in to give me a hug.
Me too, I thought, drinking in his scent and loving the way his warm body felt on mine.
“Who was that?”
“That,” he said, “was Tori DeMarco. Beautiful, isn’t she?” he teased. He seemed to know it had bothered me a little.
“I guess if you like that type.”
“Oh, and what type is that?”
“Beautiful to look at, but not much for conversation.”
“I would love to disagree with you, but you have her pegged.”
“And she would be...?”
“She would be the senator’s something extra on the side. Or rather she was until just recently.”
“They broke up?”
“Not by their choice, but Helen put her foot down with Tom. She said the affairs had to stop. However, I wasn’t ever convinced it had stopped and her showing up here kind of confirms that.”
“Did you know about her?”
“Yes.” He shrugged. “But after Helen gave the ultimatum, he didn’t ask for my assistance for anything about her.”
“What did you use to do exactly? Do you also run an escort service?” I was joking of course, but on a certain level, I hoped he hadn’t been a contributing helper to the senator’s extramarital affairs.
“Ha! You’re funny. No, it wasn’t like that. He just needed me to do a background check for security reasons, and I was responsible for getting her safely home a few times.”
“Why would you help him cheat on his wife?”
“It’s not my place to judge, Presley. Anyway, I’m sure that’s not why you stopped by. So, come sit down and tell me what’s happened since you hung up on me last.”
“Yeah. Sorry about that. My battery went dead.”
“Right,” he said dryly.
I walked in and took a seat on the love seat. It was your pretty typical hard, lumpy hotel sofa. The furnishings were nice, same rich hues as in the lobby, but not as opulent as the lobby.
“I wanted to fill you in on something that happened this morning. But don’t freak out about it, okay?”
“Okay,” Cooper said slowly. “You know asking someone to not freak out pretty much guarantees they will freak out?”
“It’s not that big of a deal. I had a little run–in with Simon this morning,” I said and waited for his reaction.
“I know.”
“How do you know?”
“Just tell me what happened.”
“Nothing really.” I shrugged, trying to be nonchalant about the whole thing. “We had a few words, Katy dumped her coffee on him, and he left. End of story.” I tried to make it sound as matter–of–fact as I could, like it was no big deal, but I didn’t think it was working.
“Wait a minute,” he said, holding his hands up and looking puzzled. “Run that by me again.”
I sighed. I had hoped he would accept my simple explanation and we could move on. But I didn’t see that happening and wasn’t in the mood for a lecture on how I should quit trying to solve the senator’s murder.
“Well, he sort of grabbed me and wouldn’t let go. Katy happened to be getting coffee on her way to work and saw him. She came over and dumped her fresh, hot coffee all over his arm so he would let go. Which he did. The big shame was wasting all that coffee. I had to go spend another four bucks to get another one for her.” Maybe a little humor would help lighten his mood.
“I told you that you should leave this alone.”
Guess not. “You should be feeling bad that Katy wasted her coffee on that jerk.”
“This isn’t funny, King,” Cooper said, his blue eyes looking tensely into mine. If I didn’t know any better, I would say there was a little fear mixed with the anger.
“Cooper, do you think I have reason to be afraid of Simon? I asked him if he killed the senator and he said no. I believe him.”
Cooper looked at me as if I was crazy and ran his fingers through his hair in frustration.
“So, what do you think, Cooper? Do you think he’s telling the truth?”
Cooper sighed. “Yes, I am sure he’s telling the truth and I’m not afraid of Simon. He’s a really decent guy. Pres, I would rest easier if you would back off and let me handle this.”
I pretended not to hear that last comment and focused on the first thing he said. What made him so sure Simon wasn’t a killer? Here we were again—he knew more than he was letting on. “Why are you so sure?”
Cooper paused for a minute. “Would you just trust me? Please accept the fact that I know with great certainty that Simon is not a killer.”
“Hold on there, Jack. How do you know? What are you not telling me?” I would bet my favorite pair of Jimmy Choos—the real ones (not fake for a change, but from the clearance rack)—that Cooper knew more than he was telling, and I was determined to get it out of him. “And who already told you about this morning?”
“He did. He is my employee remember? He knew I would find out and correctly assumed it would be better-coming from him. I will talk to him again. He shouldn’t have been rough with you. I promise you he won’t bother you again.”
“So you already knew? They why make me tell you?”
“Just to compare stories.”
“Who did you expect it to be? Me or Simon?” I asked, not sure I wanted an answer.
Cooper smiled. “That is a loaded question. I’ve known Simon for a while, and I know he didn’t do this.”
“What do you mean you’ve known him for a while? How long has he worked for you?”
“King...”
“Don’t King me. I want to know what’s going on, now.”
“It’s a long story. One I don’t have time for.”
“Well, too bad because I do have time,” I said, sitting down on the bed, hands across my chest. I wasn’t giving in.
“Fine,” Cooper caved. “I met Simon when I was in the military. He enlisted to hide from his father.”
“Okay. Go on.”
“He’s the son of a Mob boss. Simon’s real last name is Palazzo.” Cooper paused, waiting for that bit of news to sink in.
“Isn’t it a bit of a conflict of interest that someone with criminal ties works for your security firm?” I asked, more than a little surprised.
“Calm down. It’s not like that.”
“Then tell me what it’s like, Cooper.”
“Simon is a good guy. He didn’t want to go into the family business. That’s why he went into the military and that’s why he now works for me.”
“So do you think that his dad knew Simon was here when he came to meet with Bobby?”
“I’m sure he did. Garrison probably knows every move his son makes. He has just learned to keep his distance.”
“So being friends with Simon, does this have anything to do with you being in Las Vegas at some luncheon with Daniels and his wife? Before the time you told me you started working for the senator?” This seemed like a perfect opportunity to ask him this.
Cooper just looked at me. “How did you find that out?”
“Does it matter? Why did you lie to me?”
“Presley, this is complicated.”
“Wait a minute.” I paused, shook my head, and looked at Cooper. “If you know Simon from the military then why doesn’t Dirt know him? Or is he pretending not to know him, too?”
He looked so worn out at the thought of trying to explain whatever it was he needed to explain that I almost felt sorry for him, but not quite. I still felt he owed me an explanation. He had misled me about many things, and I wanted answers.
“Dirt knew him.”
“Then why is he pretending he doesn’t? I don’t understand. If you were all at the same place...”
“It started back—” Cooper’s cell phone rang, interrupting him. He held up his finger to silence me while he answered the call. He walked away from me so I couldn’t hear what he was saying, although I tried my hardest to eavesdrop.
“Okay, I’ll be there in a minute,” Cooper said, snapping the phone shut and reaching for his jacket. “Listen, Pres, I’ve got to go take care of something.”
I wasn’t sure what the phone call was about, but it was apparent dealing with whatever that was, was preferable to having this conversation with me.
“Cooper! We’re not finished.” I rose from the bed to follow him, but he stopped me.
“I know I owe you an explanation, but I have to ask you to just trust me.” As he said this, he put his arm around me and it was all I could do to keep from melting as he brushed his lips across my forehead. It was almost enough to make me forget how annoyed I was with him—and almost enough to beg him to stay.
“I will call you later, Pres. I promise. Can you see yourself out?”
“Cooper...” I said again, but he had already walked out the door. That went well, I thought. Flopping back onto the bed, I inhaled his cologne from the sheets and thought, I could stay here all day. Maybe I would stay all day and be waiting for him when he returned. Under the right circumstances, I was confident I could get him to tell me anything. Although I would have to run out and get better underwear to do the trick.
I laughed and pushed off the bed. It sounded great in theory, but in reality, I had things to do. I couldn’t wait for Cooper to decide when he could fill me in and stop keeping things from me. Though, if he had his way that would probably be never. I didn’t even have the chance to tell him about Helen and Simon. Though he probably knew about that already too. I walked to the door to leave, but paused when my hand touched the handle. Maybe I should have a look before I go. There could be information lying around that could be useful. After all, he was the one who left me here all alone in his hotel room. So anything I saw in plain view was fair game, I rationalized.
Of course, my definition of plain view may vary, I thought as I opened a drawer on the nightstand by the bed to look inside. Disappointed it was empty I tried the dresser. He was a bit of a neat freak. Something we didn’t have in common. There was nothing on the top, and his clothes were all neatly folded inside the drawers. The normal stuff one would expect to be in a dresser. I didn’t know what I was expecting—maybe something to jump out at me and scream Secret! Where would I put something I wanted to keep hidden? I already checked underneath the clothes in his drawers, just as much to think about him in or out of said clothes as to find some revealing information, which may not have even existed.
Standing in the middle of the hotel room, I looked around, trying to see if anything appeared out of place. Everything seemed normal. As I was about to give up and leave, a thought popped into my head. I watched a Law & Order episode a while back where they found evidence between the mattress and box springs. Maybe that’s the preferred hiding place for criminal types and people in security. It was worth a shot. I got down on my knees to lift up the mattress and have a look. Nothing on this side. Dropping the mattress back into place, I walked around to the other side. Out of luck again. Guess it was a little far-fetched.
Disappointed and ready to give up, out of the corner of my eye, I saw the edge of a yellow envelope sticking out from behind the bed towards the floor. Eureka! I pulled on the corner of the envelope, and a bunch of papers fell out, scattering onto the floor. Crap! I had no idea what order they were in, so I had no way to put them back. I was sure Cooper would notice they were out of place. I picked up the stack of papers and sat down on the bed to look through them. There were many news clippings—many of the senator and Helen, some from the Las Vegas Sun of different men. I only recognized Garrison Palazzo, but I assumed the other men might be involved in the same business as the Palazzo family. There were even some of Dirt, mostly from when he won the election to become sheriff.
However, that warm and fuzzy feeling quickly was replaced with surprise when I scanned the next clipping from when Cooper and Dirt were in the military. The author of the article discussed how Dirt was charged with running a drug ring. It went on to say that Dirt, Cooper, a guy named Tom Reynolds, and some more names I didn’t recognize were accused of selling marijuana. My eyes skimmed down the rest of the article when all of a sudden, a name jumped out at me, and I slowed down to read the passage. It said Private Simon Palazzo came forward with the knowledge that his Sergeant, Derrick Robinson, was involved. It went on further to say that the charges weren’t substantiated and were later dropped.
Dirt was doing a great job of not letting on he knew Simon. And no wonder. What was going on here? What had happened? I had a hard time believing either Cooper or Dirt would be involved in something like that. Maybe they weren’t though, since the charges were dropped. But if Dirt was innocent, why would Simon say that? Even more confusing to me, why would Cooper still be friendly enough with Simon to have him work for him if it were a lie? None of this made sense. One day Dirt was saying Cooper was selling drugs, and then the news clippings said it was Dirt selling drugs. This painted a different picture altogether. I wondered why Cooper would even take a job that he knew would at some point bring him back to Alkon and expose him to this. Obviously, there was more to this situation than met the eye. And Dirt was lying to me. That I didn’t like one bit.
I bent down to put the papers back in their place and noticed something shiny sticking partially out from under the bed. I leaned closer and my eyes narrowed when I realized what it was: a lipstick tube. Picking it up, I tried to rationalize it could have been left by the last person who stayed in the room. But the more I thought about it, the more I realized that probably wasn’t the case. Cooper had been here over a week at least, and had the previous occupant left it, the maids would have knocked it farther under the bed while vacuuming. This was right by the edge, as if someone had her purse on the nightstand and the lipstick fell out and rolled slightly. I frowned as I thought about the beautiful brunette that had just been leaving Cooper’s room when I got here. Had they been doing more than talking?
I felt a pain in the pit of my stomach. I had no right to be pissed or jealous that Cooper may have been fooling around. He was an adult. Was it the senator’s girlfriend who was just here? If so, why would she have been over by the bed? It was across from the sitting area. I was more upset than I should have been, but realized this was none of my business. After all, he was a red–blooded male, and before a couple of days ago, I hadn’t seen him in years. So why would I think he had any more than just that old–friend–type feelings for me? I didn’t know what it was, but I felt we had some kind of connection.
Get a grip, Presley, I thought. I set the tube on the nightstand and walked away, closing the door behind me. I wasn’t going to let this bother me.



Chapter 17

I left Cooper’s hotel and decided to take a detour into Betty’s Baked Goods. It was getting easy to stop in there for muffins on a regular basis. If I didn’t go back to the city soon, I would weigh five hundred pounds. My jeans were already feeling tight. There was too much hostility from Dirt toward Cooper when clearly, judging from the clippings I had read through, the story Dirt had told me wasn’t the truth. And Dirt had pretended he didn’t know Simon. It didn’t make sense. It gave me a headache just thinking about it. What the heck was the real story?
Maybe things would be clearer after a muffin. A warm, fresh, oozing cream cheese muffin would surely make me feel better. And who knew? Maybe Betty would have some more information for me. Betty had been too busy waiting on customers to talk this morning when I got my coffee and ran into Simon. Was that only this morning? It had been a long day and it wasn’t half over. I wanted to fill her in on what had happened outside since I felt I owed Betty some gossip for a change. As I sat down at the worn counter, Betty motioned to me with a finger that she would be a minute and turned back to chatting with one of the regulars. I looked up at the chalk menu board to see what the muffin of the day was. None of them looked to be better than my favorite peach cream cheese, so I walked around the display case to help myself and wait for Betty to come over.
This was one of the advantages to small towns. You couldn’t serve yourself like that in the city. People would think you were crazy and call the cops. At the very least, they would think you had cooties or something and be horrified at the thought of you touching the muffins but here it was normal.
I was happily munching away when Betty walked over and sat a glass of milk on the counter. I just looked at her. Milk? Seriously? Yuck! I hated milk, unless it was in cereal. I wanted...no, I needed coffee.
“Drink it,” Betty barked in a friendly way, not at all threatened by my look. Betty put her order pad in her apron pocket and stuck her pen in her loose bun. It must be a habit as I noticed three other pens stuck in there already. “You young people drink way too much coffee. Besides, it’s almost expired, and I don’t want to throw it away. Cost too damn much and needs to be used up,” she grumbled.
I wasn’t about to argue with Betty. You had to pick your battles.
“Have you heard any good gossip?” I asked.
“If you believe everything you hear, Tom was involved with the Mob. But the way some people here gossip, who knows?”
At this, my ears perked up. We were finally getting on the right track. This was more like it. If people knew about the senator’s gambling problem and his involvement with the Mob and it wasn’t this big secret like Helen thought, could someone have wanted him dead for it? Other than the people to whom he owed the money?”
“Who did you hear that from, Betty?”
“I don’t remember. Some lady named Lisa, Lisa Simmons I think, was in here today asking questions. I wouldn’t tell her anything, of course. None of her damn business if you ask me. I think she was dropping hints just to butter me up and get me to talk.”
“She’s a reporter from D.C., trying to get information on the murder, too.”
“That’s what Cooper said. She came in with him and he introduced us,” Betty said, looking at me to see how I would take that bit of information.
I bristled. “He brought her here?”
“They walked in together, so I guess it could have been a coincidence.” Betty shrugged.
That bothered me in a way I didn’t want it to. Him linked with another beautiful girl. I didn’t like it.
“Betty, have you seen Tobey Stone today?” I said abruptly, interrupting something Betty was saying about the price of fresh produce.
“Not since early this morning when he came in to get his daily coffee and bran muffin. That boy is all about being healthy. I can’t ever entice him to eat one of my special muffins.”
Maybe he was still at the hotel dealing with the senator’s affairs. I jumped off the stool and put some money on the counter.
“Thanks for the great muffin, as usual, Betty.”
“You’re welcome, honey.”



Chapter 18

“Katy, calm down!” She was sobbing and her words were getting all muddled. All I could make out was something about Chris and Helen, and that she’d be there in a minute. I planned on spending a quiet evening at my parents’ home. All the excitement earlier today had worn me out, and to be honest, I had no idea what to do or where to go next. I still had no clue about the situation with Cooper, Dirt, and Simon, or about who killed the senator for that matter. I wanted to help Helen and get to the bottom of this but wasn’t sure how to do that either. All I wanted to do was to curl up with some coffee and a good book in front of the fire.
My parents had gone into the city with some friends to see a play. They were staying the night in my apartment so they didn’t have to drive back late at night. They had tried to cancel their trip because they didn’t feel comfortable leaving me alone because of the recent threat. Dirt still didn’t have any leads, and my mother was very worried about me. I finally convinced them to go by saying that I would have Dirt, or one of his guys, drive by and check on me and the house. I was looking forward to having the house to myself and snuggle with the puppy that was still around even though my mother complained daily. I secretly think she liked him. These last few days had been crazy. I wanted to decompress and think things over. Maybe something new would come to me if I could just relax my mind. Plus, I needed to think about the feelings I seemed to have for Cooper. However, what kind of friend would I be if I weren’t there for a friend in need? I told Katy to come on over.
I heard a car pull into the driveway, pushed aside the curtains on the window above the couch where I was sitting, and saw it was Katy. I got to the door as she reached it from the outside. She was still crying uncontrollably as I led her back into the living room and got her to sit down.
“Come on in, Katy. Can I get you anything? Water? Ice cream? A knife to stab the insensitive jackass with?” Even if she hadn’t said what Chris had done, tears of this magnitude could only be about something significant and were, usually, related to the opposite sex. What was it about guys that women allowed them to have this power over their emotions? I was just as guilty of it as the next person.
Katy smiled in spite of herself and started to relax a little. I handed her some tissues. “Presley, you are not going to believe this.”
“What? Tell me.” Katy started crying harder and I let her get it out. “It can’t be that bad.”
“Chris is sleeping with another woman,” she said.
Disappointing? Yes. Surprising? No. What a jerk. Katy already told me that the last few weeks he had seemed less interested. Unfortunately, based on my experience, that often meant someone else. With Chris, it was already a proven M.O. No wonder Katy was upset. From what she told me the other day, she liked him. Even though, I thought Chris was a jerk, I felt bad for Katy. No one deserved to be screwed over, and you couldn’t help whom you had feelings for.
“I’m so sorry, sweetie. Let me get some ice cream out. I think my mom has some Cherry Garcia. We can pig out and think of creative ways to maim him. Or would you rather have some chocolate cake? It’s got fudge butter cream frosting. There are a couple pieces left.”
“You will need both after I tell you this next part,” she said bitterly.
“What?”
“Guess who he is sleeping with!”
“I would have no idea, Katy. I haven’t been around here long enough to know who it could possibly be. I don’t know...the blonde waitress at the diner? You know the one with the big boobs?” I tried to be funny, lighten the mood, and make Katy laugh, but she wasn’t in the mood to play twenty questions.
Katy shook her head. “You’d never guess in a million years.”
“Well?” I looked at her expectantly.
“None other than...” she paused for dramatic effect, “…Helen Daniels.” She started sobbing again.
I opened my mouth and closed it, no sound coming out. I was speechless. So that must have been who Helen was making out with the other night. Wow. I never would have figured that one out in a million years. I was in total shock.
“Okay, okay,” I said, sitting back down on the couch. “Backup. Start from the beginning. How did this even come up?” I had to hear the whole story. This was going to be a doozy. Katy started to talk, but I interrupted. “Wait. Let me get the ice cream.”
After getting settled with our goodies, I motioned for Katy to continue.
“I couldn’t take his indifference anymore,” she said, licking her spoon. “We were supposed to get together tonight, and once again, he tried to blow me off. So, I went to where he works, waited for him to get out, and confronted him. I was pissed he kept canceling and doubly pissed that I went out and bought this new outfit and spent hours getting ready just to look good for him.”
I could feel that pain. You hated to waste a good outfit. Once you put a new outfit on, some of the magic went away instantly. Kind of like when you drove a new car off the lot and it instantly depreciated, so if you tried to return it five hours later, you would lose money. Well, that’s pretty much how it worked with a new outfit. After the first time, it was still cool and you looked good, but that special feeling was just not there.
“I asked him flat-out who he was sleeping with,” Katy continued. “The minute I asked, I could see it in his eyes that he was screwing someone else. Until that point, I thought maybe I was wrong and that he was busy at work, like he said.”
“And he told you he was sleeping with Helen? Just like that?”
“No, at first he didn’t want to tell me. I kept asking him over and over who it was. Who it was he liked better than me. I have to admit I was starting to get really upset, but he wouldn’t say anything and it was driving me crazy. I think that’s what made it even worse. God, I feel so foolish to have liked him so much. Why was I so stupid? Why don’t I ever learn?” She started crying again, beating herself up over her perceived stupidity.
“You’re not the foolish one, Katy, he is. We all can have bad judgments when it comes to liking guys. I think it’s because it makes the next guy seem so great.” I was trying to be nice and patient, but I wanted to find out how she finally got him to tell her about Helen. “So, did he just finally admit it was Helen? I mean, what exactly did he say? It might be important, Katy,” I asked, trying to prod her along.
“No, I just started guessing names and for some reason I thought of Helen—more out of fun than anything else. I never in a million years would have thought it would be her. I think I would’ve been less surprised had it been Betty or one of our friends’ mothers or something. But Helen? As soon as I said her name, I knew it. I could see it in his eyes.”
My mind kept whirling. This changed everything. Or maybe it didn’t. I was still too shocked to think. Why would a woman like Helen want a small–town guy like Chris? Not that anything was wrong with Chris: he was pretty cute. But seriously, Helen, there are plenty of other guys out there, and you had to go and steal Katy’s? What was Helen thinking?
“Did he give you any details?”
“I asked him how long it had been going on. I felt I had a right to know,” Katy said, jutting her chin out defiantly.
“What did he say?”
“Chris said he had been seeing her, that’s how he put it, off and on over the last two years. I just can’t believe I fell for him again, and again this whole time he had someone else. And for two years? How did this stay such a secret? God, I’m such an idiot.”
“Did he say why?”
“No. He didn’t, and I’m not even sure I want to know at this point.”
“What a rat bastard,” I said, rubbing my friend’s back. “Good riddance to him.” I wondered how they met. Through Tobey? “I certainly hope you are done with him once and for all.” Why would someone like Helen Daniels carry on an affair with someone like Chris? I couldn’t help but wonder.
“Should we tell Dirt? Or Cooper?” Katy asked.
“Why? They don’t care who Chris is sleeping with. Although maybe Dirt would throw him in jail for you,” I joked, trying to make her feel better. “I saw Dirt look at you the other night in the diner. I wouldn’t be a bit surprised to find he likes you.”
“He does not.” But the thought did bring a smile to her face and that was my goal. To cheer her up.
“You didn’t see him. You never notice the way he acts around you? He’s always had a crush.”
She smiled. “That was eons ago.”
“Hey, he’s single, so who knows?” I thought maybe Katy was right, and we should tell Cooper or Dirt. If nothing else, they could kick his ass for hurting Katy. I knew we would do it, but part of me didn’t want to tell them, at least not Cooper with the way he’d been acting. And I was still pissed at Dirt, though he didn’t know it yet, for the way he treated Cooper, based on what I saw in those clippings.
We sat in silence, the kind old friends can have comfortably, and enjoyed our ice cream, both thinking about what she had just said. Then my parents’ phone rang. I jumped up to answer it. My parents hadn’t yet subscribed to the high–tech functions of Caller ID, so I had no idea who it might be. Probably one of their friends. I could take a message and then go back to eating my ice cream.
“Hello.”
“Stop poking your nose in where it doesn’t belong, sweetie, or you’re liable to lose it,” said male a voice I didn’t recognize.
“Who is this?” I demanded. Did I think they were going to tell me? Not really, but I was trying the tough girl act.
“Don’t worry about who this is, sweetness. Just keep in mind that we know who you are and where you live. You should go back to the city in the morning and everything will be just fine. We don’t want to hurt a pretty little thing like you, but please be assured that we will if you don’t heed our warning.”
When the caller hung up I stood there with the phone in my hand, just staring at it.
I put the phone back on its cradle and headed to the kitchen for a glass of wine.
Katy followed, wondering who had called. I debated whether to tell her. I didn’t want to make Katy nervous, but I was starting to get a little freaked out. “I don’t know who it was.”
“Then what’s with that strange look on your face?”
“I think I’ve just been threatened.” I poured myself the wine and walked back to where I left my ice cream. I needed fortification to process this. I hoped there was more in the freezer. One pint was not going to be enough to handle all of this. I might have to start in on the chocolate cake. I placed the glass beside my bowl of ice cream on a nearby table, plopped down on the couch. I crossed my legs, tucking in my feet, which were encased in my pink fuzzy princess slippers.
“What do you mean threatened?” Katy demanded, hands on her hips, standing over me on the couch.
“Someone doesn’t want me snooping around this murder, and they pretty much said that if I kept at it, something bad would happen.” I shivered involuntarily, pretty sure it was from the call, not the ice cream.
“That’s it! We need to call Dirt,” Katy said and grabbed her purse to dig out her cell phone.
“Wait a minute,” I protested, but Katy had already dialed.
“Damn. It’s his voicemail and I don’t want to leave this in a message,” she said, pacing around the room.
Just as Katy hung up, my cell rang. I was almost afraid to look at it. What if these goons had somehow gotten my cell number? What if they had called here and gotten my mother? That would not have been good. I looked and it was Cooper. For once, I was glad he was checking up on me.
“I’m so glad you called,” I said urgently into the phone.
“Why? What happened?”
“Someone called the house and threatened me. I think.” Saying it this time, I started to get even more freaked out. I wanted to be tough, especially in front of Cooper, but I hadn’t planned on getting into all this and wasn’t equipped for this conversation. I could joke all I wanted, but this was some serious shit. I started to cry. Shit. Damn. I hated doing this. I was a horrible crier; I got all red and blotchy and become a snot factory. I wasn’t one of those cute criers who, once they got the sympathy they needed, could return to normal.
“Pres, don’t cry. What do you mean, you think? Did you recognize the voice?”
“No, I have no idea who it could have been.”
“Listen, just hang tight. I’ll be right over,” he said and hung up.
“Cooper’s on his way over,” I said to Katy.
“Good, you need to tell him everything.”
“Okay.” I leaned back on the couch pillows. Wait a minute. He said he would be right over. How did he know where I was? He had called me on my cell. I could be anywhere. My eyes narrowed, and the tears stopped flowing. That son–of–a–bitch! He’d been spying on me. My anger at this new revelation overcame my fear about the phone call. I was indignant. He could have at least told me he was spying on my every move. Did he have a GPS locater on my car or something?
I jumped up and grabbed my shoes. I wasn’t normally a big fan of going out in public in my pajamas, but desperate times called for desperate measures. I did draw the line at wearing my slippers in public so I put my shoes on. Grabbing my keys, I said to Katy, “C’mon, we need to get out of here before Cooper gets here.”
Katy just stared at me. “What are you talking about, Presley? We need to wait for Cooper, and we need to tell him everything.”
“Hell, no. He’s been keeping tabs on me, and I don’t appreciate it. He needs to learn that he can’t do this to me.”
“Presley, he’s only doing it because he’s worried about your safety. Right now, I’m worried about your safety, our safety. What’s the big deal? Two seconds ago, you were glad he called.”
“Katy, you can stay here if you want. I’m leaving. He’s going to have to work harder if he thinks he can find me.”
“I sure as hell am not staying here by myself, so I guess I’ll go.” She grabbed her things and followed me out the door. “I just hope you know what you’re doing. He’s not going to be too happy when he gets here and finds out you’re gone, and I think we need his help.”
I stopped short when I saw headlights beam up the driveway. I felt a stab of fear and had a huge lump in my throat. What if it was the person who called? Katy grabbed my arm, and I could tell she was thinking the same thing. Fear changed into relief and annoyance, when I noticed it was Cooper’s SUV. Damn, he got here faster than I expected. Where the hell had he been? The end of the driveway?
“Going somewhere?” he asked, walking up the drive and casually sitting on the porch railing. Looking good as ever in faded jeans and a long sleeve t–shirt tight enough to mold to every muscle. And it was the perfect blue to set off his eyes. I wished he didn’t look so good. It was hard to stay mad at him. Whereas I looked...I didn’t even want to think about how I looked considering I had on pajamas, no makeup, and my hair was in a ponytail. Not my best look by any means. It was going to take every ounce of effort to stay mad at him. Bastard knew it, too.
Cooper looked at me, eyes twinkling. He knew exactly what I was up to and the effect he had on me. I put my hands on my hips, ready to chew him out.
“That’s a nice look on you, King.”
“Shut up.”
“What? I’m serious.” He leaned over to whisper in my ear, “You look soft and cuddly. I like that, babe.”
That just about did me in, but I was a strong woman and wouldn’t buckle under pressure—not even this kind.
“Listen, can I come in or are we going to sit on the porch all night? It’s getting chilly.”
“I’m fine,” I said, crossing my arms.
“Really?” He said looking at my chest. Horrified, I realized I might not feel cold, but some body parts did. But I wasn’t going to let that get to me either.
“I’m fine.”
“C’mon, Pres. Let’s go in. I am freezing,” said Katy.
“No.”
“Why not? Afraid to be alone with me?”
“You wish. Like I would be afraid of you. It’s girls’ night and you’re not invited.”
“For God’s sakes, let him in,” Katy said behind me. I turned over my left shoulder to give Katy a dirty look.
Katy smiled at me—she knew exactly what she was doing. She told me earlier that week that she thought Cooper and I should get together.
“Want some ice cream, Cooper?” Katy asked him as we walked in the living room.
“No, thanks. What I want is for you two to tell me what you’ve been up to. What happened here tonight that had you crying on the phone, but now, five minutes later, you want me out of the house?”
Cooper looked at us then looked around the room, taking in the spoons and almost empty ice cream carton. “You’re in pajamas eating ice cream for starters. I know with a woman that’s usually evidence of something bad happening.”
I hit him on the shoulder and began a retort when the doorbell rang. It startled me, and for a moment, I was glad Cooper was there. I had no idea who it could possibly be and, after that phone call, was a little leery.
“Want me to get that?” he asked, walking toward the door.
“No! I am capable of getting the door myself.”
I saw Katy out of the corner of my eye, trying not to smile. The doorbell rang again. Someone was impatient.
“Hold on,” I muttered. I reached the door and put my hand on the brass doorknob. I had to admit I felt a little tingle of apprehension. That phone call had me more rattled than I thought. I was so rattled that I failed to use the peephole to see who it was.
The door swung open and I couldn’t have been more surprised if it had been some lunatic.
“Hey, sweet pea! Give me a hug.”
“Oh my God.” It was Rick. What the freaking hell was he doing here? He stepped in and tried to hug me. I stepped to the side and put my hand on his chest to stop him. “Rick, what are you doing here?”
“Baby, you don’t seem happy to see me, and after I came all this way...” Again, he leaned in, trying to kiss me or something.
“Why did you come all this way? I don’t want to see you.”
Out of the corner of my eye, I saw Cooper and Katy come into the foyer. Great. I was sure Cooper was going to have a field day with this.
“Oh, I see you have company,” Rick said. I could already hear that childish tone of his coming out, and he had only been here two seconds. How had I not noticed it for so long? It drove me crazy now.
I sighed. Might as well get this over with. “Rick, this is Katy, my best friend from high school who I always talked about. And this is Cooper.”
“Good to meet you, Katy,” Rick said, barely glancing her way; he mainly focused on Cooper, who just looked back at Rick, smirking amusedly. Finally, Rick held out his hand. Guess he didn’t want to look like a total ass. “Nice to meet you, man.”
“Likewise.”
“So, Presley, is there somewhere we can go and talk?” Rick asked.
“I don’t see what about, Rick. Whatever you need to say can be said right here. For the second time, I don’t understand what you are doing here.”
“Sweetie, I came out here to see you and to show you how much I care. I called your house and your mother said you were here. I was worried. You should have called me. I thought I could use a few days away from the city, so I came to relax and see you.”
“Listen, Rick. I’ve told you a million times. It’s over. Go back to your bimbos. I don’t want you.”
“Presley, you have to give me another chance,” Rick whined.
I was so done with this. This is the last thing I needed to deal with. “Rick, I don’t have to do anything.”
“I can’t believe you're such a bitch. After everything we’ve been through, you can’t see your way to giving us a second chance?”
“Rick, just leave.”
“Damn it, Presley...” Rick said angrily, taking a step toward me.
Cooper stepped forward. “Hey, buddy. Presley told you to take a hike.” Chivalrous touch, but I didn’t want him around right now either. I didn’t need him defending me. I was capable of handling this on my own.
“Cooper, stay out of this. Rick was just leaving.”
“You heard her. Stay out of it, this is between us,” Rick said.
“Well, if you heard her, she told you to leave,” Cooper fired right back. “So leave.”
These two were giving me a headache, but it was amusing to see someone else give Rick a hard time. He was so city in his pressed chinos, forest green Banana Republic button down, and brown loafers. In perfect contrast to Cooper’s well–used jeans and T–shirt, which was much sexier. Looking at Rick now, I just saw an uptight yuppie who was clueless about everything, especially his own appeal. What had I even seen in him?
“Why don’t both of you leave?”
“Presley, if I leave now, this is it. It’s over; no chance of coming back,” Rick threatened, seeming to think I might change my mind.
Was he serious? Did he think after I had already told him a hundred times that it was over, because of his actions, that giving me one last ultimatum was going to make me change my mind? “Good. Leave. Now.”
“Fine, Presley.” Rick’s face slowly turned an unhealthy looking shade of red. “You’re going to regret choosing this...this country boy over me.”
I found it funny that Rick was so conceited that he thought I would only turn him down if I had someone else. I glanced sideways at Cooper to see how he took the country boy comment and saw that he looked more amused than anything. I wondered why Rick automatically assumed we were an item. As long as it got rid of him, I didn’t care what he thought. I just wanted him out of my life.
“Bye–bye, Rick. Have a safe trip back,” I said to his back as he stormed to his car. “Good riddance.”
“You dated that guy?” Cooper asked.
“Shut up,” I said, giving him a dirty look but not able to hide my smile.
I heard the phone ring from inside. I looked at Cooper. “Want me to get that? In case it’s them again?”
Cooper nodded, and we walked back inside. “Pres,” Cooper said. I looked up at him. “Stand where I can see you. If it’s them, nod your head.” I nodded in agreement.
“Hello?” I said nervously.
“Hi, honey,” It was my mother. I released a breath I didn’t know I had been holding and mouthed to Cooper that it was my parents.
“Hi, Mother. Are you having fun in Chicago?” I sat down in the kitchen chair. I was so relieved that it was just her on the phone. I felt almost weak.
“We sure are. I just had to call and tell you. You were right, your dad was hiding something, and you will never guess what it was.”
My mother sounded happy, so it couldn’t be a bad thing. “Are you going to tell me?”
“He’s been taking salsa lessons at a dance studio in Overstreet, so he could surprise me by taking me dancing in the city.”
“That is so exciting! I am so happy for you.” I was relieved. I again wished I could find a good guy like that someday.
“I know. I can’t wait to see his moves. Well, honey, I have to run. He’s waiting on me.”
“Okay. Have fun.” I said and was so happy for her that I didn’t even yell about her telling Rick where I was. As I hung up the phone for the second time, Cooper and Katy walked back into the kitchen.
Cooper opened the refrigerator. “Anything to eat here besides ice cream? I’m starving.”
“There is some leftover lasagna. Help yourself. My dad has been taking salsa lessons to surprise my mom with. Isn’t that sweet?” I said to Katy.
“Your dad is such a good guy. Most men wouldn’t do that.”
“Then you gals are looking in the wrong places for men,” Cooper interjected.
“You mean to tell us you would take dance lessons to make your lady happy?” I asked.
“How do you know I don’t already know how to dance?”
“You? I’m sorry, you just don’t seem the salsa type.”
“You underestimate my talents, babe,” Cooper said, setting down the leftover lasagna and grabbing my hand to twirl me around, bringing me close to him.
“Maybe I have,” I said, looking into his eyes and feeling the warmth of his body.
“Um, excuse me. Should I be leaving you two alone?” Katy asked.
I pushed him away. “Go eat your leftovers.”
“Presley, Presley, Presley. You won’t be able to resist my charms forever.”



Chapter 19

I was meeting Cooper for lunch at Mama Risotto’s, the town’s improved version of the Olive Garden. We had made plans last night. It was family owned and very authentic.
I walked into the restaurant and saw Cooper already sitting down, talking on the phone.
“I ordered you a glass of Chianti. Is that okay?” Cooper asked me. “I know it’s rather early, but I need a drink.”
Poor baby. He did look stressed out. And I was always up for a drink in the middle of the day. It seemed so naughty. “That’s fine.”
We gave the server our order and as she walked away, I knew I had to start talking to him about some of what I knew. I should have done it last night but hadn’t wanted to add to the drama.
“Presley?”
“I talked to Dirt yesterday.” As I said this, Cooper immediately tensed up. I paused for a second. “He needs your help, Cooper.”
“Yeah, right.” He snorted.
“Seriously.”
“What does he need my help for?”
“He needs some background information on Simon. Which doesn’t make sense to me because wouldn’t he have known him from the military?” I hoped this would be an easy transition to finding out what had happened all those years ago.
“Why me?”
“Cooper, Simon works for you, and you were in the military together. It stands to reason that you know more about him.”
“I already told you earlier that he was Special Forces before he worked for me. He left the service about five years ago, did some things here and there, and then started working for me. What more is there to say?”
“Do you do background checks or something? Are you sure he didn’t get into illegal things when he was out doing this and that?”
“Of course, I do thorough background and security checks,” he replied sharply. “I run a reputable business, damn it.” He pounded his fist on the table. “He’s a good guy.”
“So why do you think Dirt’s claiming not to know Simon?” I asked again.
He shrugged. “I don’t know.”
“Are you sure? I mean, don’t you find that odd?”
“Yes and yes. I don’t know why Dirt’s acting like that.”
I didn’t want him to know how much I had snooped, but I couldn’t continue to lie to him.
He just stared at me.
“Is there more about this Dirt and Simon thing that you aren’t telling me? After all, isn’t the main goal here to catch a killer?”
He seemed to think about this for a minute, not saying anything. I kept quiet because I didn’t want to push him. I wanted him to tell me the whole truth.
“I already told you that Simon Atkins is Simon Palazzo, son of Garrison Palazzo.” Cooper was getting exasperated with me.
“Right, the guy who owns the Blue Royale Casino, among others,” I said.
For a second, we both sat there staring at each other. I knew he was still trying to decide if it just happened to be one of those random things, me knowing who owned the Blue Royale Casino in Las Vegas. Or if there was something I knew that I wasn’t letting on. I wondered if I should tell him I Googled him, and more importantly, I wondered if I should tell him what I found out with my Google search.
A few more minutes went by with the two of us just sitting there, staring at each other, when I finally worked up the nerve to ask him about what I found out. “Cooper, will you promise not to get mad if I tell you something?”
“That’s a loaded question, Presley. I can’t promise to act a certain way if I don’t know what you are asking.”
“Then promise you will try not to get mad.”
“What is it, Pres?”
“Well, I Googled you the other day and a lot of things came up.”
He just looked at me expectantly. “And?”
“And, well, I saw an article from nine months ago with a picture showing you sitting with the Tom and Helen Daniels, but you said you just started working for him six months ago.”
“Presley, I can—”
I held up my hand to stop him. I wanted to get this all out. “There’s more, Cooper. I went back even further and found something mentioning Dirt being accused of selling marijuana in the military, and about you being charged with murder along with some other guys. What the hell is all that about and why didn’t you say anything?” I was torn between wanting to cover my eyes and pretend this conversation wasn’t happening and wanting the truth about what had happened and what was happening now.
“Presley, I wish you wouldn’t have been so nosey. I know this looks bad, but there is good reason for all of it.” Cooper rubbed his temples and sighed.
“Well, I wouldn’t have been nosey, if I didn’t feel you were hiding things from me all the time,” I shot back defensively. While part of me did feel a little guilty about looking into his past, he could have prevented it by being less secretive, or by not having anything to be secretive about in the first place. The notion that maybe his past was none of my business also briefly entered my mind, but I just as quickly pushed it away.
“This is complicated, Pres, and I just have to ask that you trust me. I can explain everything. I promise. Just not right now.”
“We’re not leaving here until you tell me.”
“I just need you to believe me when I say I didn’t kill anyone then or now, if that crossed your mind.”
“Don’t get all dramatic, Cooper.” I turned my head to smile at the approaching waitress, who appeared with our drinks and breadsticks and set them down on the table. I turned back to Cooper. “I know you didn’t kill anyone then or now. I trust you, I do, though I’m not sure Helen Daniels does. I just don’t know why you can’t trust me.”
As I said the words, I realized I did trust him. Even with no idea what he had been doing for the last ten years, I knew in my heart he was a good person.
“What are you getting at with the Helen Daniels comment?”
“When I saw her the other day in the warehouse, she mentioned that you had ties to the Mob and might not be someone who could be trusted. Not that I believed her. I just thought it strange she would say that. But then I saw all those other things you have kept from me, and well, this all seems more and more complicated.”
“She's just a bitch,” Cooper said.
“Cooper, don’t let it get to you, but why do you think she said that? I mean, she has to have a reason to feel that way.”
“She knows I know people in Vegas from when we were there and from the senator’s gambling issue. She also knows about the murder charge. It’s not something I hide from potential clients, not in the field I’m in. Ironically, it seems to give me more street cred than anything else. I’m sure she has made up something in her head to explain it all, and now she believes it.”
“Were you working for them nine months ago in Vegas, rather than just six months ago like you told me?”
“No. It’s where we first met. They had inquired about my services, and we had a meeting. We all happened to be in Vegas at the same time, so they asked me to come along and we finalized the details after.”
“What about the murder indictment?”
“Geez, Pres. Can’t you just leave it alone?”
“I’m sorry, Cooper. I just want to get it all out and on the table.”
“I was working security for someone who was trying to get out of his Mob ties. People were after him and there was a confrontation. It was all self-defense, which is why the charges were dropped.”
“See? Was that so hard? That’s nothing you need to hide from me.”
He sat there looking into my eyes, his gaze never wavering. It dawned on me that he did care what I thought. It made me want to throw my arms around him and hold on for dear life. I could see from the torment on his face that the possibility of having to tell me about all this had been affecting him deeply for some time. I hated to see him troubled. I wanted to take all that pain away.
“It doesn’t matter what I think, Cooper,” I said again, reaching out to grasp his hand and meet his gaze. “But if you want to know, I don’t think you did anything wrong. I know what kind of person you are, or at least I think I do, and I know what you are and aren’t capable of. The truth needs to come out though, Coop.”
“I know it does, Presley.”
We talked all through lunch about things not related to the murder and I found myself having a wonderful time. I had to admit I really liked him.
“What are you doing after this,” I asked as the waiter brought the bill.
“I need to head over to Helen’s.”
“What? Were you going to keep that from me? I’m going with you,” I said stubbornly.
“Fine,” he said without putting up much of an argument which surprised me.
Cooper and I headed up Main Street to Davis Street. Helen lived on the opposite side of Alkon from Mama Risotto’s, so we had to go through town. At this time of day, there wasn’t much traffic, so it wasn’t bad. Hell, there wasn’t traffic at any time during the day. Streets here were so unlike city streets where driving or walking could be like dodging bullets in a war zone. Cooper turned down Davis Street and had to go about another mile. The Daniels house was a mansion, the biggest house in town and probably in all surrounding areas too.
While Cooper was driving, I checked myself in the mirror. I had taken great pains to blow out my hair so that it would look shiny and straight for lunch with Cooper, and it still looked fabulous. Adding a touch more Red Popsicle lip gloss and some powder to cover the shiny spots made me feel pretty darn good, if I did say so myself. It wouldn’t do to go see Helen without being my best, especially considering my appearance the last few times I ran into her.
I noticed Cooper glancing at me out of the corner of his eye and hoped he appreciated the view. I had to admit I was happy he was noticing.
“You look fine, Pres.”
“I’m not sure Helen will approve of my outfit. Not exactly her conservative style.” My outfit had been planned more around driving Cooper a little crazy, rather than on visiting Helen, so it was sexier than usual. Oh well, nothing I could do about it now. At least I had some killer shoes on—in many ways. These heels were killing me! However, for graphite snakeskin four–inch heels, I could live with a little—okay, a lot—of discomfort.
“Well, I wouldn’t worry much about what Helen thinks because you, my dear, will be staying in the car.”
“No, I’m...”
Cooper cut me off. There was only so far he was going to let me push him. “The deal is you stay in the car. Or I take you back to your car right now.”
“All right.” I could see by the set of Cooper’s jaw that he wasn’t going to change his mind, so I thought I would just have to try a different angle. I just stayed in my seat and tried to decide my next move.
Cooper looked over at me and I knew he was probably a little suspicious that I had given up so easily. I looked away from the rear-view mirror and my gaze wandered over to Helen’s house peeking through the trees: a beautiful white colonial with navy blue shutters. The whitewashed porch wrapped around the entire house, which had to be about five thousand square feet at a minimum. The place was huge.
“I can’t imagine living in a house like that,” I said. I couldn’t imagine anyone needing all this space. It looked like something you might find at Martha’s Vineyard. It had been so long since I traveled this way, I had forgotten how big it was. I was in awe. The house was amazing. It had been in the Davis Family, Helen’s maiden name and hence the street’s name, for years, so it was an older home. There were three sections where the roof peaked up, sort of like turrets in a castle, and all the rooms on the upper level had step–out balconies. Still studying the house, I didn’t notice Cooper had come to a stop until I saw that we were right behind a parked car. Who would be parked here in the bushes instead of parking up by the house?
I laughed, realizing it was Chris’s car, which wasn’t the same car I saw Helen in before. Hot damn! He was here visiting Helen, and they didn’t want anyone to know, judging, by the way, his car was out here rather than in the driveway. I would find this even funnier if Chris hadn’t just broken Katy’s heart. I just wished I had a camera. This would be great to capture on film, because who would believe it?
Cooper had pulled up behind Chris’ car and parked in the next somewhat–secluded spot. I asked, “Are you sure we should park so close to Chris’s car?”
“It’ll be fine. If he’s here to see Helen, there’s no way he’s going to leave before I do.” Cooper opened the door to get out of the car. He shut it and leaned through the open window, sliding his shades to the end of his nose. “Don’t go anywhere, Pres.”
“Wouldn’t think of it.”
“Right,” he said and looked at me shaking his head.
I watched Cooper’s back as he walked away from the car, around the hedge, and presumably up the driveway. I couldn’t see that far. Damn hedge. I pulled a nail file out of my purse, but after a few seconds, I tossed it back in my purse. I was so frustrated that Cooper was up there getting who knows what kind of information while I was stuck in the car. It was so unfair. Forget this. I wasn’t staying put.
I got out and tiptoed up the driveway, cutting across the yard. It was heavily tree–lined, so I wasn’t worried about anyone from the house seeing me. Plus, I doubted Helen and Chris were sitting in the parlor looking out the window. I knew Helen had a few servants, but I hoped they were too busy to notice me crossing the lawn. So far, so good, I thought, making my way up to the house. Until I saw the police tape. Crap. I had forgotten for a moment that this was the scene of a crime and that there were sure to be police and FBI keeping an eye on the place.
Undeterred by a tiny obstacle like that, I continued around the back until I was close enough to look in the windows. I slowly lifted my head up and peered in then quickly lowered myself back down because it was the kitchen. It must be a gathering place for the staff. At least I knew where most of the staff were right now.
The next set of windows showed a view into the senator’s study. It was one of those masculine–looking rooms, with golf paraphernalia and lots of dark wood—and tons of that yellow crime scene tape and white powder all over the place.
Next was a sitting room. Then there was another room that was empty. Hmm. Maybe they sold the furniture from that room to pay the gambling debts. This was getting boring, and my heels kept sinking into the flowerbed’s dirt. I was probably ruining my shoes. I guessed I wouldn’t make a good private investigator if it required a lot of this tedious stuff. Thank goodness, I only had one more window to go.
Stepping around the corner of the house, having almost made my way around, I was stopped by the police tape, but I could hear voices. Guess it’s a good thing I didn’t give up too early. I took the chance to peek in the window because I couldn’t make out what I was hearing. I could tell one was Helen, and I thought the other was Tobey, and then, of course, I heard Cooper. Poking my head up far enough to see, I confirmed I was right. I didn’t see Chris, so Tobey must have been using Chris’s car. They were all arguing, but I couldn’t make out what they were saying. The thick window glass muffled the sound too well. Based on body language alone, though, I could tell that both Tobey and Cooper seemed to be angry with Helen. What for? I tried leaning in a little closer to listen.
“Helen, I can’t help you if you don’t tell me exactly who Tom was in debt to,” Cooper said, sounding exasperated.
“Helen,” Tobey implored, “listen to Cooper. He’s right, you know.”
“I’ve told you a hundred times. You can’t help me. I’m not taking any risks. I just want this to be done with, and the only way to do that is to pay them off. To do what they want.”
Cooper said, “Helen, there is no guarantee that when you do pay them off they will leave you alone. You’re just asking for trouble by not letting me or the police help you. Not to mention that when the police find out, and you’re a fool if you think they won’t find out, you could be in a lot of trouble. You could be charged with aiding and abetting.”
“At least tell Cooper what Simon told you,” Tobey said.
“Please, Tobey. Simon is harmless,” Helen said dismissively.
“What about Simon, Helen? Is he involved?” Cooper asked.
“I just said, Simon isn’t a problem,” Helen snapped.
As Helen went on with her same argument, my foot slipped on the mulch and— thunk—my head hit the window. I fell to the ground, but I could hear noises above me and could only assume they were running to the window to see what had made the noise. I thought it prudent to hightail it out of there.
I got up quickly and ran down the length of the house until I felt it was safe to cut across the lawn and back down the driveway. All of a sudden I heard, in heavily accented English, “Hey you! Stop! You’re on private property!”
Shit! I forgot about the people in the kitchen, which, of course, happened to be where I chose to cut across the lawn. I ran even faster, which still wasn’t fast in these heels. I sure as hell wasn’t going to stop. The voice kept yelling, but it sounded farther and farther away, so I assumed no one was running after me. Good thing, since I was out of shape and going slower with each step. I would be fine as long as no one recognized me, and I had no reason to think that any of the house staff would have any idea who I was.
How faraway is the damn car? It seemed to be taking me forever to reach it. Then my heel caught in a hole and I went sprawling. Umph! Ow! That hurt. I wanted to lie there and wait for the pain to go away, but I could still hear voices. Someone was coming to check out the intruder. I picked myself up and began running to the car again.
I deserve a margarita after this, I said to myself, as I noticed there was a big tear in my pants. My favorite pair of black Ann Taylor trousers trashed. I took my shoes off so they wouldn’t get any more ruined from running across the lawn and in the mulch. Maybe I should write to Steve Madden and tell him his shoes were not made to withstand cross–country running. In the back of my mind, I knew I should be more worried about what Cooper was going to say to me, or rather yell at me, when he got back to the car. It was obvious I hadn’t stayed put.
Finally, I saw his SUV. I swore to God that it was farther away than where we had left it. I jumped in huffing, puffing and hoping no one was following me. I lay back in my seat, turned my head to the left, and noticed the keys were still in the ignition. Cooper must have left them in case I wanted to listen to the radio or something. I thought for a minute. No, I couldn’t. He would kill me. But he was going to kill me anyway for not staying in the car, once he got back. So what did I have to lose? He would get over it. I slid across the seat into the driver’s side, turned the key, gunned the engine, and took off, shooting dirt and gravel everywhere. The tires caught the blacktop with a screech—Dukes of Hazzard, watch out—and I took off down the road.
It had taken a few miles before I was sure no one was chasing me. All that excitement and I didn’t really have anything to show for it. My heart rate was finally starting to slow, and I was feeling back to normal and guilty I had left Cooper stranded. I was ready to turn back onto Main Street when, in my side view mirror, I saw a black Hummer behind me, a full–sized one, not the H2. It was definitely not a typical car for this area, so it piqued my interest.
I looked in my rearview mirror and was startled to see that the Hummer’s driver had sped up and was closing the distance between his car and mine. “That bastard is right up my ass.” I could not see through the SUV’s tinted glass to identify the driver. “What the fuck?” I muttered as I accelerated, only to witness the larger vehicle gain speed behind me. I flipped off the annoying driver, my middle finger thrust angrily out my window. I was slightly regretful for showing road rage, but after the experience I’d just had, my patience was gone. Jackass should know better than to tailgate someone. That was how accidents happened.
But the Hummer was still tailgating dangerously close behind, and I began to think that maybe flipping him off hadn’t been the best course of action to take. I got the distinct impression that this wasn’t a random event. The person in that car was definitely following me.
I turned left on Autumn Street to see if the Hummer would as well, and it did. As soon as I looked back to the road, I realized my mistake: Autumn Street was a dead end. What should I do now? Years ago, there was a cut–through to the next street over at the end of Autumn Street. At one time, there had been a house on the lot, but the house was torn down long ago. What had been two driveways coming in for each side of the house had created a semi–passable cut–through. I figured it was worth the chance.
I made a hard right and floored it. This shit is bumpy, I thought as my head hit the car’s ceiling a few times. The Hummer hadn’t been expecting me to turn so sharply and took a second to follow me. This gave me a slight advantage, but one that wouldn’t last long since the Hummer was far better equipped to go off–road than Cooper’s SUV. I just prayed there wasn’t anything in this tall grass for me to run over. The last thing I needed was a flat tire.
After one final bump that almost sent me airborne, I was through to the other street. I gunned it so I could make it past the traffic light at the corner and leave the Hummer behind. I made it, and the Hummer stopped. The driver must have decided they wouldn’t lose me and didn’t want to break the law to run that light.
I needed to put some distance between us but didn’t want to go home and have them follow me there. I decided to go to Brian’s. I figured he owed me anyway, and his place wasn’t that far away. Plus, I could pull into his garage and hide the car.
I turned down another side street, taking an indirect way to Brian’s in case the Hummer caught back up to me. Pulling into Brian’s driveway, I kept going right into the shop. Brian looked up from the engine he was working on, startled. He walked over to me, wiping his hands on a rag.
“What the hell, Pres? Why are you pulling into the garage? I’m trying to work here.”
“Shut up, Brian, and shut the door!” I jumped out of the car and looked toward the road to see if I could get a glimpse of the black Hummer. I didn’t see anything as Brian closed the door. I was probably safe. Whew! I leaned against the car, my knees were weak. I wasn’t used to being chased through town and began to realize this investigation might be more dangerous than I’d originally thought. Maybe Cooper was right.
“Presley, tell me what’s going on. You barge in here, scream at me to shut the door, and now you’re trembling and are white as a sheet!”
“A black Hummer tried to run me off the road. Luckily, they got stopped at a red light, and I was able to lose them, I think. This was the closest place I could think of to hide myself and the car. Besides, you owe me. Is Barbara here?”
Brian at least had the decency to look a little sheepish at this. “She’s visiting her mother in southern Illinois.” I raised my eyebrows in question. “Everything is fine between us,” he continued. “Her sister is having a baby, and she went down to help out. Thanks for not saying anything the other night.”
“It’s nothing, Brian. She seems like a great girl, so I don’t know why you were willing to screw that up.”
“I don’t know, Pres. I guess I just thought...”
I held up my hand to stop him from saying anymore. “You know what, Brian? Let’s just drop it. Just be smart and don’t do it again.”
“Thanks, Pres.”
I knew I needed to tell Cooper and Dirt about the latest development, but I also needed to wait here long enough to make sure the mystery car was gone. As I began to think about my next move, a plan began to formulate in my head.



Chapter 20

Driving back home from Brian’s, I listened to my voicemail.
Rick had called and I just hit delete without listening to what he had to say. And there were several messages from Cooper. He wasn’t happy I had taken his car, which I had left at Brian’s, and had Brian take me back to my car, and then he picked up Cooper. Brian had called me later to say that maybe I should keep away from Cooper for a while. Probably good advice.
The last voicemail was from the vice president at McLaughlin, which was a total shock. He left a message saying David was no longer with the company and that they would like to talk to me about coming back and taking over David’s job. Well, color me surprised. I couldn’t have been more shocked if David had called me himself begging me to take my old job back. This was exactly what I had worked so hard for years toward. Finally, a chance at an executive level position at a Fortune 500 company. I went to hit redial to call him back, but I paused, not knowing why at first. Then it hit me.
I wasn’t all that excited. I had thought working with David had been the main reason I hadn’t been happy the last few months at my job, but maybe it was more than that. The thought of not exploring other career options, if I went back to McLaughlin, made me sad. It was scary thinking about not going back to the financial security that I had there, but was going back the right choice if I didn’t love it? Didn’t I always say life was too short to work a job you don’t love? So why not take the opportunity to see what else was out there.
Maybe I wasn’t that corporate go–getter anymore.
I felt my stomach rumble from hunger, taking my mind off the phone call. I looked at the clock on my car radio and saw that it was almost five o’clock. Time had gotten away from me.
I pulled into the La Casa parking lot. I had done some conniving earlier in the day and had talked both Dirt and Cooper into meeting me here. But that had taken place before I’d taken Cooper’s car, so I hoped he would still show. Neither man knew the other would also be coming. I decided to pick up some cheesy garlic fries while I was here. My parents were still in the city, and I couldn’t count on my mother’s cooking tonight. Since my diet went out the window the minute, I got into town, I thought I might as well enjoy myself.
I turned and saw Katy and Chris in the parking lot. I had been trying to track down Katy all day and was disappointed she was with Chris. What was she thinking? Would that girl never learn? As I parked, I noticed Cooper getting out of his car and walking toward them. He gave me what had to be the dirtiest look anyone had ever given me.
Chris and Katy were walking up to the door of the diner.
“Chris! Wait up, man,” Cooper yelled out.
Katy looked up, but Chris pretended to ignore him. I saw him say something sharply to Katy, and she recoiled a little. I was livid at the way Chris felt he could walk all over my friend but was even angrier with Katy for allowing it to happen.
“Chris!” Cooper shouted again. Chris must have decided he couldn’t escape and stopped. I left my car and walked up to stand next to Cooper. Getting closer to Chris, I could see he was already on the defensive.
“What the fuck do you want?” Chris demanded hotly. He looked ready for a fight. If he was worried we might now know about his affair with Helen, that seemed a stupid way to play it.
“Listen, man, I need to talk to you. But maybe you’d rather not do it in front of her,” Cooper said, nodding in Katy’s direction.
“You can ask me whatever you want right here. We don’t have any secrets,” Chris replied. I gave him a dirty look, and he at least had the decency to blush a little. Until the other night, he’d sure had secrets.
“Fine, have it your way. What’s this about you and Helen Daniels?” Cooper said.
“I was sleeping with her. So what? It’s over now.”
“You didn’t feel that you should have told me about this? It doesn’t make you look good, man.”
“Why would anyone care if I was screwing Helen? It’s not anyone’s business but ours.”
I turned to Katy as this exchange happened. Katy looked to be on the verge of tears. This angered me, but I kept quiet.
“Normally you would be right, but, Chris, there’s been a murder here, and the senator wasn’t some regular person. The police and the FBI are all over this, and there is a ton of interest from the media. You and Helen hiding this does not look good. That Lisa Simmons from DC is going to get wind of this at some point, and it’s going to be bad for you and bad for Helen. I’m just trying to help.”
“That’s bullshit,” Chris said, but he wavered a little. “I don’t know why you guys are bugging me. You know I didn’t kill the senator, and neither did Helen, for that matter. She might have been sleeping around on Tom, but she’s not a killer. She is a good person.”
At that, Katy couldn’t hold back the tears. Chris glanced at her and finally showed some remorse. I felt bad for her and couldn’t wait to talk to her later.
“Chris, you need to tell Dirt about this. Avoiding this issue won’t make it go away. It will just make it worse.”
“I know.” Chris looked depressed, like he was wondering how he got himself into this mess. “C’mon, Katy, I don’t feel much like eating right now.” Katy just looked at me, shrugged in an embarrassed way, and followed Chris back to his car.
“Call me later, Katy,” I said to her back. “He knows more than he’s letting on, Cooper,” I said once they were out of earshot.
“I know, and it worries me.”
“What’s he doing here,” Cooper said, turning to the parking lot entrance. It was Dirt’s county–issue Tahoe. I began to get a little nervous. This had seemed like such a good idea at the time, but now I wasn’t so sure how it would work out. Dirt stepped out of the truck and walked angrily over to Cooper and me.
“What is going on, Pres? What is he doing here?”
After talking to Cooper at lunch and seeing how much this bothered him, I was determined to get to the bottom of things. Even though there were still so many secrets, I thought if they could set aside their differences, just for now, it might lead to something they could work out later.
Now they were both staring at me and looking angry. It was making me a little uncomfortable. They were smart guys, so I knew they immediately figured out that I had engineered the whole thing to get them together. They looked madder at me than at each other. That was a good start, wasn’t it?
“So where did this Hummer start following you, Pres?” Dirt asked. I had called and told him what had happened.
“Oh no, you don’t. If either of you want any information from me, and believe me I have plenty, then I suggest you start talking to each other,” I said with as much authority as I could muster. I had gotten them together on a pretense but could blackmail with the best of them. Either they worked this out or they would get nothing from me.
“Presley, stop the games,” Cooper said. “We need to figure out who was following you.”
“My lips are sealed,” I said primly. “You might think this is none of my business, but I care about both of you. This...this...whatever this is needs to stop.”
“You know what? We can talk about all this later. It’s more important we find out who is bothering Presley,” Cooper said to Dirt. Dirt nodded in agreement.
Cooper and Dirt were smart enough to realize they needed to put their differences aside for now and work together on this to find the senator’s killer. Dirt was all but shut out from the FBI, and Cooper didn’t have any actual authority. It made them a good team, even if it was temporary.
As we walked toward the diner, Cooper stepped close to me and said, “By the way, Pres, I’m still pissed at you for taking my car.”
“Tell me how I can make it up to you,” I said suggestively, heart beating fast at the thought. He smiled and started to say something, but I quickly raced forward, afraid of going down that path. At least right now but it sure was tempting.
I finally filled Dirt in about seeing Bobby with Garrison Palazzo. They had already grilled me about the Hummer incident while we ate. At this point, I felt it was important to get all facts on the table.
“I know that people were always trying to get the senator to take up their cause, so he could influence certain bills that were going to pass through the Senate. Maybe the Palazzo family wanted to use his influence,” Cooper said as we hashed out theories.
“I bet Tobey knows something he’s not saying,” I offered up. I personally thought there was still something ironic about Bobby also having been into trouble in Vegas, but that had been ignored. Neither of them thought Bobby had anything to do with the senator. So I had just given up on that for now. “So, where do we go from here?” I asked.
Cooper and Dirt just looked at me.
“What?”
“Pres, it’s time you left this to us. Someone threw a rock through your parents’ window. You had someone call your house and threaten you. Someone chased you earlier with a car, for God’s sakes. You need to just stay out of it.”
“I agree with Cooper,” Dirt said. “Enough is enough. We can’t be worried about you being in danger.”
I was fuming. “You’re not my guardians. I am a big girl, and I have helped you both. You can’t shut me out now.”
“Yes, we can,” Cooper said. Dirt nodded in agreement.
“That’s not acceptable. You either include me or I will call Lisa Simmons and tell her everything I know.”
“Pres!”
“I will, Cooper. I refuse to be left out, and if I have to resort to blackmail, I will.” Of course, I wouldn’t do that, but I hoped they would be worried enough to stop trying to push me aside on this.
“Cooper, I think she means business.”
“Fine! But you need to promise us you will do what we say and not go off on your own. It’s too dangerous,” Cooper said giving me a stern look.
“Okay,” I said with my fingers crossed behind my back. I knew to stop when I was ahead.
We left the restaurant (me full of garlic cheesy fries), with a plan. Cooper and Dirt were going to follow up with Simon and Chris, respectively, and I was going to try to talk to Helen and Katy. I was to see if I could find out anything on what Chris might be hiding. We all felt that somehow he was tied into this mess, which was hard to figure out since no one thought he was gambling.
“Call me, Pres, after you talk to Helen,” Cooper said.
My heart skipped a beat, partly because of the way Cooper was looking at me and...well...partly because of the way Cooper was looking at me. He was mad and sexy. It might be worth getting yelled at just to watch him. “I will.”



Chapter 21

The next morning, Katy and I met at the knockoff Starbucks out at the strip mall. It wasn’t as sunny and bright as the day before. Looking like rain, the sky was that dull gray that made you want to curl up on the couch with a blanket and hot soup. Katy didn’t want to meet at Betty’s for some reason, and my thighs didn’t need to meet there either. I had to stop with the muffins, the cheesy fries, and my mother’s cooking. Katy had called last night and asked me to meet her for coffee so that she could explain the whole Chris situation. I was glad because I had questions to ask Katy, and it seemed like my friend was ready to open up about the situation. Suddenly a small yellow car flew into the lot, fishtailing to a stop six feet in front of us.
“What the hell is wrong with that driver?” I asked Katy, trying to dodge flying gravel.
“I don’t.... that’s Tobey’s car.”
As she said this, Tobey stepped out of the car, disheveled and frantic. Something was wrong.
“It’s about time I found you, Presley. I’ve been looking all over town for you. Where is Cooper?” Tobey asked breathlessly.
“Why? What’s wrong?”
“I think Chris is in danger. You and Cooper have to help him,” Tobey pleaded.
“Tobey, calm down. Why is Chris in danger?”
“Listen, we have to get Cooper. I don’t have time to tell this story twice.”
I dialed my cell phone. The look on Tobey’s face left no room for doubt. Something was really, really wrong. Cooper had planned to meet me later after he and Dirt talked to the Feds about what they knew. Last I heard, they hadn’t been able to get a hold of Simon or Chris. They had decided that as much as they might not want FBI interference, it would be a good idea to share information, not wanting to wait any longer. After all, we all had the same goal—to catch a killer.
“He’s probably still at the police station,” I said to Tobey while it rang.
“Hello.”
“Cooper, where are you?” I said urgently.
“I’m pulling out of the police station parking lot right now. Are you okay?” he demanded, sensing my mood.
“I’m fine,” I assured him. “But I think Chris might be in danger. Tobey is here and is having a full–blown meltdown. He says he has to talk to you. Meet us at Betty’s. We can be there in ten minutes.” The police station was on the other side of town, so if they met at Betty’s, it was in the middle and would be faster.
“I’m on my way. What’s going on, Pres?”
“Just meet us there.” I looked at Katy and Tobey. “Get in,” I said to both of them, jumping in my Kia and putting the key in the ignition. As I pulled out into traffic to head across town, I tried again to get Tobey to tell me what was going on. Chris had to be involved in this mess somehow. We had been right all along. But why was he in danger?
“Tobey, you’ve got to tell me what’s going on,” I said, speeding the few miles to meet Cooper.
“Just hurry up and get there, and I promise I will tell you everything,” Tobey yelled.
“Calm down, Tobey,” Katy said, grabbing his hand and giving it a squeeze. “It can’t be that bad.”
“Yes, it is. We are running out of time,” he said, glancing at his watch. “It may be too late already.”
“We’ll be there in two seconds,” I said, turning the corner, which led right to the parking lot of Betty’s. As I turned in, I saw Cooper was already there. He must have been flying. As we pulled in, he was stepping out of his car. I came to a stop right next to him, and he reached for my door. Tobey and Katy jumped out as Cooper started to speak.
“Can someone please tell me what’s going on?” he asked while looking intently at me. We all looked expectantly at Tobey.
He looked back at us, obviously gathering his thoughts. Finally, after what seemed an eternity, he started speaking. “I’m afraid for Chris. I think he got himself in big trouble. He’s in way over his head, and I think his life may be in danger,” Tobey forced out in a rush of words.
“Tobey, slow down. What is Chris mixed up with?” Cooper quickly changed from being concerned about me to focusing on what Tobey had to say. I admired how calm he was in a crisis. I guessed that was what made him good at his job.
Tobey took a deep breath and started to speak again. “Chris is mixed up with some bad people, and it’s all my fault. You have to help him!”
“How is it your fault?” I asked Tobey.
“He was blackmailing the senator.”
The three of us stared at Tobey in shocked silence. I’d thought Chris was involved somehow, but this wasn’t exactly what I expected.
Cooper was the first to break the stunned silence. “Why, Tobey? What did he have to gain?”
This was what we hadn’t been able to figure out when we’d discussed Chris as a likely suspect. What was in it for Chris? What was his motivation? It couldn’t just be because of Helen.
“He didn’t have anything to gain.” Tobey’s voice caught in his throat. “He was doing it for me. When the senator found out I was gay, he was going to fire me. I had counted on this job getting me noticed and onto the next level. Being in politics is all I’ve ever wanted. I was angry that he’d fire me after all I had done for him, and I went to Chris. Chris knew about the senator’s gambling problem and threatened to expose him unless he kept me on the payroll and helped further my career.”
I still wasn’t sure how this put Chris in danger. I started to ask Tobey about it, but out of the corner of my eye, I saw Cooper shake his head, motioning me to be quiet. We waited for Tobey to continue.
“Bobby had witnessed Tom losing big in Vegas. Bobby mentioned it to me, and I told Chris, who thought it would be just the information we needed to shut Tom up,” Tobey said hoarsely. “But then Tom was murdered, and things have been spinning out of control. Chris called me about an hour ago to tell me that he and Helen were meeting someone out at the old warehouse and that this would be settled once and for all.”
Cooper and I looked at each other. What in the world did Helen have to do with this and why was she with Chris, besides the obvious sex part? I could tell Cooper was thinking the same thing.
“Tobey,” Cooper said gently. “Why would Chris be with Helen?”
“She’s known about the blackmailing all along. She is the one who encouraged Chris to do it. She knew that Tom would cave. He didn’t want to blemish his career, and she thought she could use it as leverage,” Tobey said bitterly. “If it wasn’t for her, I don’t think Chris would have gotten this involved.”
“Tobey, why would Helen care? What does she have to gain?” I asked.
“She wanted to divorce Tom, but he wouldn’t hear of it. Said it would hurt his political career and she owed him. She convinced Chris that Tom would relent under the blackmail scheme, and she pushed him until he gave in.”
“Why would that matter to Chris?”
Tobey looked at me as if I were stupid. “Because he loves her, Presley. She said if he blackmailed Tom and she was able to get a divorce that she wanted to marry him. He’s doing it for her. In fact, I think Chris killed the senator for Helen.”
“What!” Katy and I exclaimed.
“I think Chris killed the senator for Helen,” Tobey repeated. He was beside himself with emotion.
“Tobey, why would you think that? Blackmail is one thing, but murder? Chris isn’t that kind of guy.” However, I wondered. I hadn’t had much contact with him in years, so anything was possible. This all seemed so surreal.
“I know he was at their house the night Tom was killed. I asked him if he had seen anyone else or had any ideas about what happened. He wouldn’t say anything. He just clammed up. I got the feeling he was trying to protect me.”
“But to kill someone?”
“You don’t understand, Presley. He’s head over heels for Helen. He would do anything for her. Sorry, Katy.” Tobey realized too late how all of this would affect Katy, but better she hear it now than to go on thinking Chris was her knight in shining armor.
Katy shook her head and grimaced. I just stood by feeling helpless. Hopefully, this would be the final straw for Katy and she’d finally stay away from Chris.
Tobey shifted his weight impatiently. “We need to go to the warehouse. Every minute we waste talking about it could be fatal for Chris.”
“We need to call Dirt,” I said to Cooper. His back was to me, and he stepped a few feet away. He already had his phone out and was dialing. Someone must have picked up because I could see him talking into the phone. He snapped it shut and turned back to me.
“Wonder where he’s at? He never showed up to talk to the FBI, and I have left him several messages.”
“Was that who you were just talking to? The FBI? Maybe something else happened and he’s tied up?”
“Could be. Just funny that no one at the station knew where he was at.” Cooper shrugged. “Pres, you and Katy take Tobey back to your house and wait for us there.”
I glared at him with what I hoped was my dirtiest look yet. Had he not learned anything about me? Did he think he would be able to get away with leaving me out? “Oh, no you don’t. I’m going with you,” I said.
Cooper sighed. “It’s not safe, Pres. And I don’t have time to argue with you.”
“Then don’t argue. Just face it, I’m going.”
“Fine! Katy take Tobey’s car back to the Thurmans’ and stay there until you hear from us.”
Katy nodded in agreement. She had no desire to be involved in this, especially where Chris was concerned. She took Tobey’s arm, but he snatched it away and looked at Cooper.
“You can’t go without me either. I’m his brother.”
“Don’t worry, Tobey. Let Katy take you back to the house. I’ll make sure nothing happens to Chris. Just trust me.”
“No,” Tobey said firmly. “I would rather be in danger than to have to wait and wonder what was going on.”
If the situation weren’t so dire, I would have to laugh at Cooper’s face. I could tell he would have been happy locking both me and Tobey up somewhere so he could leave us behind. The clenched jaw and throbbing temple gave me a clear picture of how much effort he was using to stay calm. Poor Cooper. He would have to get used to having sidekicks.
The three of us sped down the road to the old warehouse, and I could tell there were a million things running through Cooper’s head. He stared stone–faced at the road.
“What’s the plan?” I said, gripping the door handle. I peeked at the speedometer and saw that he was pushing ninety. This made me a little nervous—not that he was speeding—hell, I did that all the time and had the tickets to prove it, but rather that he felt such an urgency to speed. “Do we need to go this fast?” I asked, looking over at him. His side profile was nice, even with his jaw set and the cords in his neck taut. He was ready for something, but I wasn’t sure what yet.
He glanced over at me. “I can only hope we don’t come across any cops. If Dirt doesn’t get my message...” he trailed off, looking at me again.
“What if bringing in the police makes it worse?” asked Tobey.
“It’ll be fine, Tobey. Cops are trained for this.”
“But still...” Tobey started again.
“Tobey,” I interrupted. “You can trust Cooper.”
“I’m just so worried.”
“It’ll be okay, Tobey.”
“So, what’s our plan?” I asked Cooper again.
Cooper just looked at me with a dirty expression of his own. I punched him in the arm.
“What the hell did you do that for? You know it’s not smart to hit the driver when they’re trying to concentrate on the road.”
“I have the utmost confidence in your driving ability,” I said hotly. “But if you don’t start including me, I’ll hit you again. Harder,” I threatened.
He grimaced slightly. “I think that Chris and Helen are meeting Garrison at that warehouse. It’s the only thing that fits.”
“Do you think that somehow Chris is a partner with Garrison in all of this?” I asked.
“No,” he replied. “I think he has his own agenda. I’m just not sure what it is.”
I started to follow his logic. “So you think Garrison is trying to get Helen to make good on the debt and Chris is stepping in to defend her?”
“I’m not sure but it looks that way.”
“That’s crazy,” I continued. “What the hell is Chris thinking?”
“That’s what I’m afraid of, Presley. He’s not thinking. If he were, he wouldn’t think he could go up against a member of the Mob. He doesn’t need to worry so much about Simon, but the rest of them...” he trailed off.
“Oh my God,” Tobey groaned from the back. “He is no match for any of those guys. Can you drive any faster?”
“Surely Chris would know that he would lose going up against them,” I said, ignoring Tobey in the back.
“I would think so, Pres.”
“They say love is blind,” I said sarcastically, shrugging.
“And stupid,” he muttered under his breath.



Chapter 22

Cooper slowed as we neared the warehouse. We could see lights illuminating the bottom floor. The other five floors were pitch-black. We could see Chris’s red Impala and Helen’s Mercedes sitting in the lot. As we pulled in, we also saw two black Lincolns, which I recognized to be the cars of Garrison and Simon Palazzo. Then, to my surprise, we also spotted Bobby’s rattletrap truck.
I nudged Cooper as he dialed Dirt again. “That’s Bobby’s car, and the other car belongs to Simon’s dad.”
“Dammit,” he swore softly. With a resigned look on his face, he put the phone back in his pocket. “Dirt’s still not answering. I can’t wait any longer. I’ve got to get in there.”
“You mean we’ve got to get in there,” I corrected. He was crazy if he thought he was going in there without me.
“No!” he yelled. “ You are not going in there. It’s dangerous. You and Tobey just wait here until Dirt comes so you can fill him in.”
“You are not leaving me here, Cooper. I’m coming with you. Besides, Dirt might not even get your message. What then? You need someone in there to help you,” I said, defiantly staring into his eyes.
“No, you’re not coming, Presley. I don’t need your help. I can take care of myself,” he growled, not taking his eyes off me. For a moment, we just stared at each other. I wasn’t exactly sure what this was going to accomplish, but I wasn’t going to be the first one to look away. I had to admit it was getting more and more difficult to stay focused around him and I could sense he felt the same way.
“Listen, Pres,” he said in a rational tone. “I’m not going to put you in danger. And, I can’t think clearly if I have to worry about you.”
“That’s sweet, Cooper and I appreciate it, but I’m not going to sit out here and let you face this alone,” I said, feet planted, chin high. “Besides, Tobey can stay out here and wait for Dirt.”
Tobey looked at me as if I were crazy. “Am I safe out here?”
“You’ll be fine, Tobey,” I said. “Wait here for Dirt and tell him what’s going on. I’m going with Cooper for backup.”
Cooper gave in. “Fine. We don’t have time to argue about this. Just stay behind me and do as I say.” He muttered a few choice words under his breath that I chose to ignore and then looked at my shoes. I noticed his gaze as it traveled over my body. It was making me feel very warm. The feeling, however, was short–lived when Cooper made a snide comment about my shoes.
“What’s wrong with my shoes?”
“Take them off. They’ll be able to hear those heels from miles away. We need an element of surprise.”
“Well, excuse me. I didn’t plan on this when I chose my outfit,” I answered sarcastically.
“All the more reason to stay here,” he said pointedly.
I rolled my eyes at this last ditch effort to get me to stay put and took my shoes off. I didn’t relish walking in the nasty warehouse with bare feet—I was probably risking tetanus or something, but I wasn’t about to stay in the car. Cooper locked the car door with Tobey inside. He put the keys in his pocket, and we headed towards the warehouse. We had parked around back so that if anyone else showed up they would only see the other cars, unless of course, they drove around the building. Then, we were screwed. Hopefully, Dirt would have the same idea so he would see our car.
Walking in the front door, Cooper motioned for me to be quiet as he drew his gun. It was dark with only a faint light from the setting sun allowing for any visibility. It took a few seconds for our eyes to adjust before we could even make out any of our surroundings. It made me a little uneasy watching Cooper handle a gun. I’d never seen a gun like that up close. I didn’t even realize he carried one, though it made sense, and it made me look at Cooper in a whole new light. He was even sexier, if that was possible.
Cooper and I heard voices in the back of the warehouse. As we got closer to the voices, a glow emanated from a room down the hall. It was nice to be able to see, but the light also made us a little bit more visible. I listened intently, trying to make out what was being said. There seemed to be at least three people talking. I immediately recognized Helen Daniels and Simon talking. I knew Chris was in there, but he wasn’t currently saying anything, and the other voice wasn’t his. I didn’t recognize it, but I assumed it belonged to Garrison Palazzo, which I mouthed to Cooper who nodded his agreement.
Cooper and I crept around the corner, and the people doing the talking came into view. Everyone stood in a semicircle. Simon stood facing an older man, whom Cooper and I knew to be Garrison Palazzo. Simon and his dad were arguing, and both were armed with guns. Chris and Bobby stood next to Helen, and none of them was saying much of anything. They just looked scared. Couldn’t blame them there. Now that I was closer to the action, I almost wished I had stayed behind. There were too many guns out there for me, but I was in it for the long haul now, and I sure wasn’t going to admit that I was scared at this point.
As we inched closer, we could start to make out what the others were saying.
“You got your money, Garrison. Leave her out of it,” Simon yelled. I assumed he was referring to Helen, which seemed odd. What did Simon care about Helen?
“Simon, we can’t leave any loose ends. They need to be silenced. Permanently,” Garrison Palazzo said with a menacing tone, pointing his gun at both Helen and Chris. “Son, you were supposed to have taken care of this already.”
“Looks like father and son aren’t exactly on the same page. I told you Bobby was involved somehow,” I whispered to Cooper, elbowing him in the ribs. He gave me a stern look and pressed his finger to his lips in an effort to silence me—not an easy task.
“What about him?” Simon said, pointing to Bobby. “What’s to say he won’t talk?”
“Hey man, you have my word. I just wanted to repay my debt and be left alone. I didn’t see anything. I didn’t hear anything, I’m not even here,” Bobby said in response, clearly not wanting to be a part of things.
Thanks Simon, I thought to myself. Glad you wanted that question answered, too.
“Trust me Simon,” Garrison said. “He’s no threat. He knows that if he says anything, the police will get an anonymous tip telling them that he killed our friend, the senator.”
“What?” Simon and I both exclaimed. However, I must have been louder than I thought because everyone had heard and turned toward me. Cooper clamped his hand over my mouth, but it was a fraction too late. There was no denying that this time my mouth had landed me in big trouble.
“Damn it, Presley,” Cooper whispered in frustration. He pushed me away from him back toward the warehouse door, but we couldn’t back up fast enough when Garrison saw us.
“Well, well, well. What have we here? It seems like we have some company—the pretty lady and her boyfriend the security professional. What a joke,” Garrison said, laughing.
Simon had his gun trained on us and waved it, motioning for us to come out of our hiding place to join the others. He motioned for Cooper to toss down his gun, which he did.
Cooper began clenching and un-clenching his fists. I was scared and felt horrible that I had just put us in what might well be a life–threatening predicament. I could only hope that Dirt would get here soon or that we could find someway to talk our way out of this.
Garrison shifted to get a good view of all of us. Without taking his eyes off the group, he continued talking to Simon.
“I said we don’t have to worry about him talking, Simon. He knows what’s at stake. His debt with me is clear.”
I broke the stunned silence. It’s not as if things could get any worse, and I wanted some clarification here.
“Wait a minute. I’m confused here. I thought Chris killed the senator?”
“You bitch!” We all turned our heads to see Chris confronting Helen. His face was white and his body was shaking with anger.
“You told me that you killed Tom,” he yelled at her. “I’ve been trying to cover for you and putting myself in danger for nothing?”
“Get a grip, Chris,” Helen said curtly. “I never said I killed anybody. You assumed I did. I just didn’t correct you. Not my fault you were too stupid to figure out the truth,” she continued. “Besides, I needed you. You played right into the situation.”
I could see the hurt in Chris’s eyes. It was clear that he had true feelings for Helen. I was confused about why he was with Katy last night then, and I regretted that I hadn’t had a chance to ask Katy about it before Tobey showed up at the coffee house. I sighed. There was time enough later to figure that out—if we got out of here alive.
“You used me,” Chris said, still angry, but he also seemed sad now. I could tell he was wondering how he could have been so stupid.
“Sorry.” Helen shrugged. “I didn’t make you fall in love with me.”
Although Chris looked devastated, I had a hard time feeling sorry for him. What comes around goes around, I thought. He treated Katy like crap, and he was getting what he deserved.
For a moment, this entire situation seemed comical: guns pointing at people, people fighting over being in love, or rather, not in love. This was getting ridiculous. So I figured, why not speak up?
“I don’t believe for a minute that Bobby killed him,” I said. “And Simon didn’t kill him. Obviously, Helen and Chris didn’t kill him either. So, who did?” If I was going to die in this warehouse, I at least wanted to die knowing.
For a split second, everyone was silent.
“I killed him,” Dirt said, stepping out from the shadows with his gun trained on Tobey, who walked in front of him. I wondered how long he had been listening to this exchange.
“Thanks, Cooper, for leaving me those voicemails to let me know where you would be. It made my job easier getting all of you in the same place.”
“You son–of–a–bitch,” Cooper said, taking a step forward. “I was hoping I was wrong about you.”
“Now, now. I would think twice before stepping any closer, Coop.” Dirt pointed his gun at him. That made three guns pointed in various directions: Simon, Garrison, and now Dirt. But who was counting?
“Dirt, what is this about?” I asked. “Why would you kill the senator?”
He turned to me, fuming. “When I got involved with Garrison Palazzo, I didn’t have any idea it would turn to murder and now to this, but it is what is it. Presley, I’m so sorry you had to get involved. I would have preferred you never came out here. You were always a good friend to me. Now you’re going to have to die with your boyfriend here.”
“Dirt, let her go. She won’t say anything,” Cooper said quietly.
“Shut up!” Dirt shouted. “I’ve worked too hard. I deserve this, and I’m not letting you fuck it up—not any of you.”
“Dirt, why?” I asked again. I couldn’t believe it. I couldn’t comprehend Dirt killing me—or Tom Daniels. I wanted to know what had pushed him to these lengths.
“Because being a cop doesn’t pay shit. I got tired of working hard for nothing.  Something she wouldn’t understand,” he said, pointing to Helen, who had the nerve to look bored by the whole scene. “Or the Senator. He thought he was such a big shot that he could gamble away millions without a care in the world.”
“But, Dirt—murder? Is it worth it? You’re not this kind of person.” It looked like Dirt was conspiring with Garrison and Simon.
“You don’t know what kind of person I am, Presley.” He sneered. “So just shut up. All of you shut up and get on the floor. Simon, you toss your gun over to Garrison.”
Wait a minute. Why would Dirt want Simon to get rid of his gun? My head was starting to hurt from all of this. “Why are you working for him?” I said, tilting my head towards Garrison.
“You go where the money is.”
I could tell that Dirt was so wrapped up in trying to watch all of us that he didn’t notice Cooper making eye contact with Simon and Chris, who finally quit shooting daggers at Helen. I noticed the looks they were trading. I couldn’t figure out what they were saying or planning, but all I could hope was that it was some sort of guy thing and that they each knew what the other was thinking. Then I looked at Cooper, and he smiled at me with his eyes. I felt reassured; I could tell he was going to get us out of here.
“Get on the floor, all of you!” Dirt screamed again.
“Oh, please, Derrick. This is getting tiresome,” Helen said, rolling her eyes and looking like she wanted a cigarette. Though I had to hand it to her, she didn’t look worried about all the guns and threats. I wasn’t sure if Helen didn’t think they would hurt us if she just lived that much in denial, or if she didn’t care. Maybe she knew exactly what was going on. Could she have been a part of this all along?
“Shut up, Helen.”
I was overwhelmed by the thought that Dirt killed Tom Daniels.
I couldn’t help myself. I had to ask again. “What made you do it, Dirt? I don’t understand.”
“Does it matter, Presley?” he asked sarcastically.
“Actually, yes. If you are going to kill me, you at least owe me an explanation.”
“Oh, for God’s sake, Dirt! Just kill them and be done with it. Simon, c’mon,” Garrison said with a nod of his head in Simon’s direction. I could only assume he didn’t want to dirty his own hands by killing us himself.
“No, Dad.”
“Excuse me? This is no time to argue. We can settle our differences later. C’mon, now!” Garrison said menacingly.
I almost felt a little sorry for Simon, even if he did have a gun pointed at me earlier. It must suck to have a dad like that. It made me appreciate my parents more. I started to think about how I might not see them again and my eyes teared up a bit. The realization that I might not get out of this alive was starting to sink in.
“Simon!” Garrison growled.
“Sorry, Dad,” Simon said, shaking his head. “I have stood by long enough. This has got to stop, now.”
“You’re making a big mistake, Simon.”
“No, you’re the one making the mistake. You’ve underestimated me for the last time.”
“You’re such a disappointment, Simon,” Garrison said. “Dirt, get this taken care of. Simon too.”
I didn’t know what surprised me more, that Simon really was a good guy, or that Garrison was such a cold–hearted killer that he didn’t care about his son. I was still processing this information when I noticed Cooper inching closer to Dirt. I also saw that Garrison had relaxed his gun to his side during this heated exchange with Simon.
All of a sudden I heard Cooper scream, “Get down!”
As I hit the ground, Cooper dove for Dirt, who looked shocked when Cooper tackled him and knocked the gun from his hand. At the same time, Simon lunged for Garrison’s gun and successfully grabbed it. I saw Cooper and Dirt wrestling on the floor, the gun still out of reach of both of them.
I started to stand up when all of a sudden a gun went off and the sound of gunshots filled the air.
Dropping back to the ground, I covered my eyes, praying the bullet hadn’t hit anyone. I waited to hear something, anything, especially from Cooper, to assure me that he was okay, but it was hard to hear because everyone was yelling. Garrison and Simon were back to arguing, and as I started to get up to check on Cooper, after what seemed like hours but was only seconds, I saw Garrison leaving. I couldn’t believe that Simon would just let him go, but at that moment, I was more concerned about Cooper. I looked around and saw both Cooper and Dirt lying face down on the ground.
“Cooper! Oh my, God!” I shrieked and ran over to where he was lying. “Cooper,” I said again, reaching out to touch him. I was so afraid he was dead.
Just as I started to kneel down beside him, he rolled over and slowly opened his eyes.
“So, this is what it took to get you to admit you like me?”
“You jerk! And to think I was worried you were dead!” I tried to act angry, but I didn’t pull it off so well. I had been worried that he might be seriously hurt, or even worse, dead.
“That’s the Presley I know and love,” Cooper said softly. “If this is what it takes to get your attention...”
Just when I was about to make a smart ass retort, the FBI burst into the room yelling, “Freeze!” That might have been helpful, oh, say ten minutes ago, I thought to myself.
As the FBI darted through the place, Helen was still screaming.
I looked over to see what the problem was since the major drama was over. Helen was yelling at one of the FBI agents, and I couldn’t understand. Had she been hit? Then I saw Helen pointing at something, and all of a sudden, Helen’s screams made much more sense. That stray bullet had gone right through her wonderful Prada bag. I sighed.
“What’s wrong, King? I’m fine.”
“Please, it’s not you I’m worried about now. Just look at that beautiful bag. What a waste.”
Cooper looked at me. I could tell he was trying to determine if I was joking or not. Then the FBI grabbed Dirt off the floor where Cooper had knocked him down. They handcuffed him and read him his rights. He wasn’t saying much, but he didn’t look happy. I was glad he was handcuffed but so sad that he had done this.
“Thanks for the call, Cooper,” said one of the FBI guys while handcuffing Dirt.
“No problem, Hank.”
“Give me a call later, will you? We’ve got a few more things to discuss.”
“Sure.”
I looked at Cooper, and he knew what was coming. He said, “I am sorry I didn’t share everything with you, but I promise I will tell you everything now.”
“You are so going to pay, Cooper Sands.”
“Promise?” he teased.



Chapter 23

Dirt finally broke down and confessed to everything once he knew Garrison had been caught. At first he had been defiant. When he realized there was no way he was talking his way out of this one, and giving the cops the information they wanted might help with a reduced sentence and maybe some more bargaining power, he caved. Dirt knew Garrison wasn’t going to protect him, and his lawyer was sure to throw Dirt under the bus.
Once they got Dirt talking, he talked non–stop for three solid hours. He had a lot of information on Garrison’s hold on Senator Daniels and the subsequent murder plot. Dirt also had somehow become privy to a lot of Garrison’s inner workings in his Vegas crime ring and knew more than Garrison probably realized he did. Dirt was able to fill in some areas for the authorities, which was sure to buy him some goodwill at some point.
To make a long story short, Dirt, who we’d thought, was our friend, had hooked up with Garrison Palazzo and had killed Senator Daniels. This was in exchange for money and ended up getting way too involved in something that was a dead end for him. I still couldn’t believe he was so stupid.
The FBI had caught up to Garrison as he tried to get to his car outside the warehouse. They had been building a case against him for a long time and, with Dirt’s help, would hopefully, be able to put him away for a long time.
The part that I had a hard time believing was that Chris thought that Helen killed the senator and that he was so in love with her he wanted to cover for her. He had gone to talk to Senator Daniels the night of the murder about the decision to fire Tobey. Helen had left the front door open for him so he could catch Tom by surprise, so when he arrived, he went right into the house and walked to the study. He saw that the senator was already dead and assumed Helen had killed him. Why? Because when he went and found Helen, she was distraught and hysterical. She’d played him. She knew that Tom owed the Palazzo family a lot of money and assumed they were the ones who had killed him. She wasn’t about to make waves because of her loyalty to Simon.
Simon, the one everybody thought was the killer, had wrangled a job with his old friend Cooper so that he could be with Helen. Who would have thought? Simon and Helen had met one time when she was in Vegas with Tom. They had been having an ongoing affair. It was hard to understand why Helen and Tom had stayed together if they were both unhappy in the marriage. Garrison kept pressuring Simon to kill Tom, saying it was his duty, but Simon, who wasn’t involved with the family, said no. That wasn’t the kind of person he was or wanted to be. That was when Garrison went to Dirt and made him an offer he couldn’t refuse. Simon had been the one who’d chased me with the black Hummer, but I learned that he did it to try to scare me off. He was afraid that his father or Dirt might hurt me if I got too close to the truth.
Bobby was repaying his debt to Palazzo by leaving threats to the senator. He was supposed to throw the authorities off the scent. Bobby had walked into the senator’s study after Chris that night and had also found him dead. Bobby had seen Chris leave, and he assumed that Chris killed Tom Daniels to have Helen all to himself. Tobey had told him about Helen and Chris’s affair, and Bobby told Tobey that he saw Chris leaving the senator’s study. He had also thrown the brick through my parents’ window and been the strange caller, trying to scare me away on Garrison’s orders.
Dirt and Garrison were in jail, and Helen and Simon left for the Bahamas. Devastated, Chris crawled back to Katy, and she finally told me why she kept allowing him to come back, at least this time. She was pregnant. I didn’t feel Katy needed to put up with such crap, even in that circumstance, but I also understood. It seemed Katy’s heart would always belong to Chris. And maybe he had learned his lesson, finally.
Bobby and Tobey had finally come out to everyone, and while Ruth was still trying to deal with knowing her son was a homosexual, she was supportive of both of them. Both Tobey and Bobby just felt relief about not having to hide anymore.
Cooper had begun to consider Dirt a suspect after he had talked to Simon. He had told the FBI where he was going after I had called him, and they had put a wire on Cooper. They had been tracking his every move, which was how they knew to come when they did. They were a little late busting in the room, but at least they finally made it.
Now that all this was settled, I finally got up the nerve to ask Cooper about the murder charges in his past. He explained that he had just been in the wrong place at the wrong time and had pissed off the wrong people. He didn’t go into too much detail, but I wasn’t going to push. I knew he was innocent and that was all that mattered. At least for right now.



Chapter 24

Wow, what a week, I thought, sitting next to Cooper, his arms around me, on my favorite rock in the woods behind my parents’ home. I had finally put the finishing touches on my article and sent it to Trevor, who was thrilled and promised it would be a feature article in the next issue. Sometimes taking chances paid off. I had thought long and hard and finally took the angle of how good people can get involved in bad things. Because I’d learned that many good people make poor choices and that doesn’t make them bad people. This angle also made me comfortable because no one would be overly upset or outraged by anything I wrote.
I had called the vice president of McLaughlin back and politely declined his offer. Once I had heard the money they were willing to pay me, it wasn’t easy, but I was proud of myself that I did it. I wanted to try and follow my dreams.
And about me and Cooper? When I thought for that split second that he might be hurt, I realized that I liked him a whole lot more than I thought. We hadn’t had much of a chance to talk with everything else going on, but I hoped that we would now. I was going to stay at my parents’ a little while longer so I could spend more time with Cooper and see what happened.
“What are you thinking?” he asked.
“Um, nothing really. Frankly, I’m tired of thinking.”
“Want some help?” Cooper asked mischievously.
“What were you thinking?” I answered playfully. Cooper leaned over and started kissing me with those wonderful soft, yet strong, kisses of his. Yes, this would clear my mind. At least of any thoughts except him.


The End

If you loved this book, I know you’ll want to share it with all of your friends. Just click here to send out a tweet. You’ll also enjoy the rest of my novels. Scroll through the titles below, or check out my website at Laina Turner. If you sign up for my mailing list, you will receive a free book! Thank you for reading!

A little about me…

As a child I thought I would either be a truck driver (thanks to Jerry Reed in Smokey and the Bandit) or work at Taco Bell (my favorite restaurant as a child). As I grew older I realized my talents lay in academics and business and for the last several years have been a business consultant and college professor where I use the analytical side of my brain and not the side that makes up stories.
Through all my career choices I continued to have a passion for writing. This stemmed from childhood where as an only child I developed a vivid imagination spending most of my time making things up and thinking the Incredible Hulk lived in my closet.
Proud of my vast experiences in life from barrel racing to being on the dance team for a semi pro basketball team to being a mom of 2 amazing kids, I tell my family and friends that no one is safe from their escapades slipping in to my books.
Taking the plunge to write books (cozy mysteries and chick lit) that I actually let people read in 2010, I have worked my way up to being a real author, having 5 fans (maybe 6 now). My blog, The Art Of Living Fabulously, was launched to share the daily fun in the life of a Real Housewife of the Midwest along with the musing of other fabulous ladies.
You can also find me at:
Laina’s Facebook Page
Laina on Pinterest
Laina on Twitter
Laina on Google +
Laina on You Tube


Read some more fabulous books. 

Stilettos & Scoundrels Presley tells her boss what he can do with her job in HR and embarks on a new career as a freelance journalist. What seems like a simple interview with a Senator turns to murder when the day after her interview the Senator turns up dead. Does the fact that Presley was one of the last people to see him alive make her a suspect? Her ex-boyfriend Cooper, who was in charge of the Senators security, might think so. Presley is determined to clear her name but can she do it and resist Cooper’s charms?
Purchase here.
Necklaces & Nooses After getting fired from her HR job, Presley now works at high-end fashion boutique Silk. She loves her job until one day when she finds her boss dead in a fitting room! She thinks its suicide; Solange was going through a messy divorce. Until the handsome detective, Willie Landon, discovers its homicide. Who would want to kill a storeowner? Presley’s not sure, but she’s determined to find out. Especially, if it means spending more time with the cute detective.
Purchase here. 
Handbags & Hooligans
Presley went to Vegas to watch her friend Anna get married and the event turned into solving the mystery of her brother’s girlfriend disappearance. But Ashley wasn't exactly the schoolteacher she appeared to be. Who was she and was she kidnapped?
Purchase here.
And the holiday short…Mistletoe & Murder
Presley heads home to celebrate Christmas with her family expecting it to be a relaxing holiday until her old boyfriend, Brian, unexpectedly shows up at her parents’ house on Christmas Eve. He is desperate for her help finding out who has been stealing from his business and Presley is happy to help. However, things turn more serious when Brian calls her Christmas morning to tell her, Tommy, the guy he thought might have been stealing from him was found dead at his shop. The more Presley investigates, the more things don’t add up. Even if Tommy was the thief who killed him and why? Secrets don’t last long in small towns.
Purchase here.
Gems & Gunshots
In this cozy mystery, Presley heads to San Diego to hang out with Cooper and enjoy the great west coast weather. She didn’t expect that while hanging out at the local coffee shop she would be a witness to a robbery and murder at Gemstone’s Unlimited. Much to Cooper’s dismay Presley feels compelled to investigate. She discovers that not only was the store owner a womanizer but also was filing false insurance claims for diamonds that weren’t really stolen. Was that why he was being blackmailed? Was that why someone robbed his store? Presley’s determined to find out!
Purchase here.
Get the first 5 Presley Books PLUS the short story A Day in the Life of Trixie Pristine in the Presley Thurman boxed set.

Tiaras & Texans
Presley wins a bet and thinks she finally is going to get a chance to work with Cooper and show her she’s got the potential to be a good security detail for his company. She is miffed when she finds out her first assignment is to protect a bunch of self-absorbed beauty queens at a Texas pageant. It soon becomes a more interesting gig than she thought, much to her delight and Cooper’s dismay, when one of the beauty queens turns up dead and the fierce competition leave the door wide open to suspects.
Purchase here.
Cupids & Crooks A trip to an all-inclusive resort in Cabo San Lucas. No work and all play was all that was on her mind until well renowned Mexican soap opera star, Lucia Vegas, turned up dead in the hotel pool. Accident it was not and Presley couldn’t help but wonder what had happened. Then she met reporter, Belinda, who told her the theory that Lucia was just one of a string of murders targeting young actresses. Vacation or not, Presley had to find the murderer!
Purchase here.
Vows & Victims Back in Alkon for her best friends wedding, Presley shaded her eyes with her hands and leaned against the front window to eliminate glare so she could see in better. She looked around and could see Katy had replaced the tile colors with a softer blue, which gave the salon a much lighter feel than it had before. As she looked around she saw a mannequin sitting, or rather slumped over in one of the hair styling chairs. Why would Katy have a mannequin in there? Or was it a mannequin? She squinted to see better and almost wished She hadn’t. Holy crap, that was most certainly not a mannequin. Presley reached for her phone thinking where were the odds this would happen to her twice. She had just found a dead body.
Purchase here.
 Romance & Revenge Someone is trying to sabotage the company Presley’s best friend Jared works for by leaking company documents to other firms who are then upstaging their presentations. To take her mind off Cooper, Presley tries to help the owner figure out who wants to ruin the company but it’s not really working.
Presley and Cooper are on a break or are they broken up? It was never really clarified and she just found out he’s in town and he hasn’t called. Is he avoiding her? What does that mean?
Are they done for good?
Purchase here.
Accessories & Alibis  Presley buys a failing retail boutique, Silk, and on the first day of business ownership the store manager Roxanne is arrested for murdering her boyfriend. Roxanne insists she’s innocent and asks for Presley’s help.
Presley believes her and tries to help while getting the boutique up and running just to find out someone has been paying themselves from company funds? Who is stealing from Silk and is there more to Rod and Roxanne’s relationship than meets the eye?
Purchase here.

If you enjoy reading about Presley’s adventures then you won’t want to miss reading about Trixie Pristine and her friends Berklie and Sophie.

A Day in the Life of Trixie Pristine
In this short story prequel, Trixie and her friends Berklie and Sophie, considered themselves typical thirty something females until someone turned up murdered in their newly opened bookstore/wine bar. They thought they would be living out their dream in their new shop not trying to catch a killer. Who killed Sylvia and why? Or was one of them the intended target?
Purchase here.
Books Aren’t Just for Reading
In this cozy mystery, Trixie and her friends, Berklie and Sophie, are excited about the opening of Read/Wine their new business venture of a bookstore/wine bar. All is going well until they happen to find a dead body in the shop and that wasn’t part of the business plan. All signs pointed to Berklie since it was her ex-husbands lover who was murdered. Trixie knew Berklie hadn’t murdered Sylvia so who did?
	Purchase here.
Cupcakes Aren’t Just for Eating
Trixie, Berklie, and Sophie are enjoying the success of their new business and planning for Sophie’s upcoming wedding when one of their customers dies after eating a baked good. If that wasn’t bad enough for they start receiving hang up calls. At first they chalk it up to a wrong number or kids playing pranks but soon the caller reveals himself. It’s Stephen and he’s back, making good on his threat. He wants his money back or else. The fact that the police confiscated it doesn’t matter to him. He wants it back and has given them a deadline. A deadline they need to meet before anyone else ends up dead.
Finding out Sophie’s fiancé Jonathan isn’t who he says he is a shock, but his alter ego might come in handy getting Stephen to leave them alone. But with this much money at stake Stephen is pretty motivated? Will they be able to find a way to catch him? Can Sophie forgive Jonathan in time for the wedding?
Purchase here.
Get the first three Trixie books PLUS Athena’s Holiday as a boxed set. 
Read the first book in the new Athena Parks series.
Athena’s Holiday
Meet Athena Parks, thirty something law professor who on a whim invites a guy she just met, Tristan West, home with her for the holidays. As crazy as it might seem she was willing to risk him being an ax murder in order to have a buffer between her and her mom. They had that kind of relationship.
Things were going well and she couldn’t deny there was chemistry between them. Maybe this was a sign she had finally found a good guy. Until her uncle Peter recognized Tristan. Who wasn’t Tristan at all. Who was he?
Purchase here.
Athena’s Law
	Athena Parks, law professor, has accepted a one-year teaching contract at Hartford Law School and hoped it would be the start of her dream career. However, what should have been a quiet summer teaching took a turn for the opposite when Athena found Bill, the professor she was replacing, murdered in his office.
Athena was curious to find out more, especially because Bill had been taking leave to defend alleged embezzler, Randall Whittier. It was a high profile case and she assumed they were related. Deciding to drive by Bills house, just to check it out, she ran into Randall and after chatting found he was a likable guy and her gut told her he was innocent. But the question still remained, who killed Bill. And who broke into Athena’s car and house. Someone was looking for something but what?
	Purchase here.

Other books by Laina Turner…
Raising Awareness for Multiple Sclerosis is a cause Laina is passionate about due to her mother suffering from the disease.
The MS Project – Volume 1 A collection of stories of people afflicted by MS or who have loved ones afflicted. This book is meant to be informational regarding the disease as experienced by real people and to showcase the amazing strength people find when facing adversity.
Purchase here.
The MS Project – Volume 2 An inspiring collection of stories by people who have Multiple Sclerosis. These wonderful people give us a glimpse of their life with MS, their courage, and their determination to live the life they want regardless of the obstacles in their way.
Purchase here.
The MS Project – Volume 3  The third installment in a collection of stories by individuals with Multiple Sclerosis. These stories give us a glimpse of their life and how they find the strength to live life to the fullest in the face of adversity.
Purchase here
Check out my website at http://www.lainaturner.com, sign up for my mailing list (and get a free short story), or download my iPhone app, Laina Turner, to be updated on upcoming books and events.
All About Ebook Marketing in the process of being updated – due out summer 2015
All I Know About e-Book Marketing, is a short book, because I, by no means, claim to know all there is to know about e-book marketing, nor am I even an expert. What I am is experienced in what not to do, enough that I have somehow stumbled on to a few things that actually work and I want to pass that on to other authors. I hope this book will give you at least a few nuggets of helpful of information. 

