Death of a Messenger

by William Zanzinger

Smashwords Edition

Copyright 2012 William Zanzinger

http://www.williamzanzinger.com/

The moral right of the author is asserted.

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be resold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thankyou for respecting the work of this author.

All rights reserved. No part of this text may be reproduced, transmitted, downloaded, reverse engineered, or stored in or introduced into any information storage and retrieval system, in any form or by any means whether electrical or mechanical, now known or hereafter invented, without the express written permission of williamzanzinger.com.

Cover photograph Copyright Zubijeta. Reproduced under licence.

Table of Contents
Death of a Messenger
Also by William Zanzinger
Contact the author

By the same author:

Filthy Night




DEATH OF A MESSENGER

Wanstead Park Avenue is full of the kind of semi-detached houses that cost more than detached ones, full of the kind of thin people who eat more than fat ones, full of the kind of smart people who make more mistakes than stupid ones. On a cool Thursday morning in June these smart, thin, rich people are mostly at work, or playing golf, or queueing up at Wimbledon, and their cars sit nose-to-tail in a polymer chain in front of the pavements, which abut the neat and tidy front gardens with their stone paths and their fragrant flower-beds and their warnings about the hideous things that happen to doorstep salesmen, unwanted pollsters, and other vile scum. Along these pavements pass young men with old faces, single women with double pushchairs, and obsequious types in shiny suits trying to sell houses nobody can afford without a mortgage they can’t get. Professional dog walkers head for the large wooded park at the end of the road, where man-made lakes and golf bunkers get paid to pretend to be the countryside. Tan leads and dun mutts stream behind them.
Of these things it was the cars that discomfited St Cloud the most, since he had to take two turnings he didn’t want, squeeze the Leon between boxy people carriers, and then walk a few hundred yards back to number 251. The house sat comfortably behind a yew hedge and two little bay trees in clay pots, while a silver Mercedes guarded the kerb. The house had nice windows with little stained glass insets, and a blue front door with bevelled sidelights, a door wide enough for one very fat person or two skinny people to get through at the same time. The bricks were pretty and pink, the pointing was perfect, and the wooden window frames were white as the teeth on a trophy wife. St Cloud knocked hard, three times, and – as all British people do after knocking on a front door – took a step back, as if to restore an injured privacy. In the upstairs room of the house next door he caught sight of a middle-aged black woman with a housecoat, cleaning the inside of the window. She peered down at him and went back to work. He glanced back at a lot of expensive houses. He was willing to bet that all the other black women in this street wore housecoats, too.
The door swung open and revealed a woman. She was in her late thirties, and had nice blonde hair with lovely, loose, bouncy curls, and nice lips, which puckered up and revealed straight, white teeth. All this was good, but St Cloud didn’t look at any of it. Instead he looked at her eyes, which were puffy and bloodshot, and at her cheeks, which were flecked with mascara. Tear-tracks parted a thin layer of blusher like Moses once did the Red Sea. 
He said, ‘I’m St Cloud.’
She just said, ‘Come in.’
He followed her through a hallway, past an oak staircase, dado rails, deep green walls, framed photographs. She wore a proper blouse but with pyjama trousers, and those expensive flip-flops that have little flowers and jewels on them. She walked with her hips slung low and her bottom moving from left to right, and with her feet flip-flopping on the wooden floor for an accompaniment. It was a nice walk, and St Cloud appreciated it. At the end of the hallway a door led to a wide, bright kitchen, where a balding man sat at a table. He was clad in a rugby shirt, jeans, expensive shoes and no socks. There was a horseshoe of sleek wooden units and granite worktops, the kind of kitchen where you open a cupboard and find out it’s the refrigerator or the washing machine. The worktops were covered in various sorts of detritus: children’s plastic drinking cups, cereal boxes, unwashed plates, sections of last Sunday’s broadsheets.
The man had blonde, gingery hair, but in no more than a cameo above his ears. Other than this his head was a big, bald dome and it shone like a light. Around and about him a small kid with a dirty face ran around the room, yelling unintelligibly, armed with a plastic car in his hand. He bent down to slide the thing backwards and forwards repeatedly over the floor tiles. It looked a pretty pointless game, and it made a hideous din.
The man said, ‘Come on Angus, that’s enough, feller.’ He looked up at St Cloud. ‘Oh. Hi, good to see you.’
St Cloud nodded a greeting.
The bald man said, ‘I’m Hugh Daniels.’
He stood up and offered an outstretched hand. St Cloud shook it. It was one of those big, plain hands, the kind that can catch cricket balls but can’t make a woman come. St Cloud looked back at the woman standing in the doorway. He wondered whether it was clumsy hands or not coming that was vexing her, or something else entirely. She slunk off down the hallway. It really was a nice walk.
Hugh Daniels said, ‘You’d better take a seat. Can I get you a tea?’
‘I’ll have coffee, if you’re making it. Milk and two sugars.’
He took a seat. Daniels boiled a kettle and heaped spoonfuls of instant into a mug. Angus wheeled around them, the aspirin fizz of the car punctuated by short, sudden yelps. Presently, Daniels came and sat opposite, and pushed him a coffee. It was milky and swirled around, and reminded him of his dreams.
Daniels said:
‘Thanks for coming. I understand this isn’t exactly in your line.’
‘Oh. You know what my line is, do you?’
‘Yes. Well, I have a contact in the force. I don’t really like to say who. He said you might be able to help us.’
St Cloud bristled. He remembered old days, of friends of this Commander or that, trying to bring influence to bear. He hated the old boys’ network, the pulling of invisible strings, clubbishness. The only point of a club was to tell somebody else they couldn’t join. He looked at Daniels. Yes, he looked the clubbish sort, or – to be modern about it – the networking sort.
Daniels sensed his unease. ‘I hope you don’t mind.’
He minded. And he would have minded it more if he hadn’t been on his uppers. He said spikily: ‘If you tell me what’s up, I’ll tell you whether I can help. Or I’ll make a whole heap of excuses as to why I can’t.’
Hugh Daniels didn’t look particularly reassured. ‘You used to be in the police. I know that.’
‘Yes.’
‘As a kind of specialist, my information said.’
His information had at least been that accurate. Angus’s car slid across the tiles, and struck St Cloud on the leg. He irritably kicked it away.
Daniels said tiredly, ‘Come on Angus, you’d better head off back to your mother.’
Angus’s expression suggested he wasn’t used to taking that sort of shit from anybody. Daniels got up, picked him up, and carried him out of the room like he was a sack of potatoes. Angus squealed like a poodle in a pitbull harem; Daniels made a big show of pretending the kid was a rugby ball or something like it, which didn’t really achieve much except to embarrass everybody. A moment later came the noise of a clumsy footfall on the stairs, and then from somewhere out in the hall the sound of a loud clock tick.
Daniels came back in.
‘That’s better.’ He walked over to the work surface and picked up an outsize mug, about three or four cups’ worth of tea. It would be a present from work: Daniels looked like the sort of man who got outsize mugs rather than blowjobs from his secretary. He put it on the table and said:
‘Look, this is about something that started a while ago. Well, not really to me or to us, but we were the ones who received – I mean – no.’ He stopped. ‘Perhaps I’d better make it simple.’
St Cloud agreed. ‘Simple sounds good.’
‘Okay. About two weeks ago I got an email. It was – well, it was unusual. At first I thought it was spam, but it wasn’t.’
‘You’ve still got it?’
‘No. I deleted it.’
‘Did you print it out?’
‘Yes.’
‘Can I see it?’
‘Oh, er – ’ Hugh Daniels looked about him. ‘Well, I can tell you what it said –’
‘Or I can read it for myself.’
‘Oh. Okay.’
Daniels got up, hunted around for a minute, found a little key, opened a drawer, pulled out a sheet of paper and handed it to St Cloud. The paper was shiny and new and didn’t look like it had been long in the drawer. The email was a simple affair in old courier typeface and without all the pretty colours and effects – like the kind of email that just involves random sections of the dictionary, or introduces Russian girls who think good husband would you make. The email address of the receiving account was “cjd@ukhotmail.co.uk”, and the sender was someone called “samcv127@aldersonlaw.net”. The message was written like a letter: it had an address in the top left hand corner, a “Dear Mr and Mrs Daniels” at the beginning and a “Yours sincerely” at the end.
It was short and full of bullshit. It read,
In respect of our telephone conversation of yesterday, I confirm notice in writing of the requirement for you to make recompense for the provision of goods, and the timely delivery of same, to myself or my appointed representative within the agreed timescales. On receipt of the advance in lieu of the agreed remuneration which is to be agreed at a separate juncture and minuted under separate cover the remunerative funds are to be held in trust by a third party appointed by Alderson Law Ltd and pursuant to conditions set out by the engaging parties and will be released expeditiously according to our agreements and covenants of which you have been previously advised.
The email was from “SVS Chakaravarti”, without a proper signature, laser or otherwise. St Cloud read it through a second time, and then handed it back to Daniels.
‘Who’s CJD?’ he asked. ‘Other than Creutzfeldts – Jakobs Disease.’
‘Sorry?’
‘CJD at ukhotmail. That’s who the email was sent to.’
‘My wife.’
‘She’s the one –’
‘The one who let you in, yes.’
‘I was going to say, she’s the one who received the email. Why did it get sent to her, and not you?’
‘I don’t really have this kind of email account. I mean, I have a work one at A--------’ – he named a firm of management consultants who made money advising bosses to sack their best people, in order to save the money they spent on the management consultants – ‘but not one of these hotmail things. They must have got Clarissa’s somehow.’
‘Does she give it out much?’
‘She uses it for work. It’s on her website, and all her business cards.’
‘Oh. What kind of work does Mrs Daniels do?’
‘She runs her own business. A wedding advisor.’
‘Advising people to get married? Or to not get married?’
‘No no, suggesting what kind of flowers, venues, et cetera.’
St Cloud read the email through again, and tossed it back to Daniels.
Hugh Daniels said, ‘What do you make of it?’
‘You tell me.’
Hugh Daniels took a moment, and supped his tea. ‘Well, of course, it looks pretty meaningless.’
‘It isn’t though, is it?’
St Cloud counted to 3, then said, ‘I’m waiting for you to tell me it’s a blackmailing letter.’
Daniels looked back at him, and wrinkled his brow. ‘Oh. Well, I – yes.’ He took a sip of tea, and swallowed it. ‘Sometimes I don’t find it that easy to get to the point, you know. You’re absolutely correct, of course. Yes. It’s an attempt at blackmail, you might say.’
‘Who’s this SVS Chakaravarti?’
‘I don’t actually know. I’ve never heard of him, let alone met him. This is the first I’ve had to do with him.’
‘The email talks about a telephone discussion. Was that with you?’
‘With my wife.’
‘Don’t A-------- give you a phone, either?’
‘The call didn’t come to me. It came to the landline here. Clarissa happened to answer it.’
‘She just happened to do that?’
‘Yes.’
‘Oh. And what did SVS Chakaravarti have to say for himself?’
‘He has some material.’ These four words were set apart and delivered in a steady monotone. It gave the impression of wide-open spaces between the words, like the towns in Monument Valley, or the line behind El-Guerrouj in the Golden Mile.
St Cloud asked, ‘Material?’
‘Yes.’
‘Nuclear?’
Hugh Daniels found the weakest of smiles. ‘It might be, actually. But it’s personal.’
‘Personal meaning about you?’
‘Not exactly. It refers to somebody we know well.’
‘Refers to?’
‘Well, it concerns a marriage.’
‘What flowers, venues et cetera?’
‘No. Look – ’ Daniels supped his tea. When he put the cup down his fingers didn’t leave it completely, but stayed pushed against the convex side. ‘My wife’s sister is married to somebody pretty high up. I’m afraid I can’t give you their name. Actually you can probably find it out for yourself, if you’re interested.’
‘They’re rich, then?’
‘They’re not badly off. But it’s not really about their wealth. It’s more about their position. My sister’s husband is involved in international politics. They have been married for some years, and they have two sweet little girls.’
He paused.
St Cloud asked bluntly, ‘Did she marry out of her bracket?’
He expected Daniels to flinch at that. But the bald man took it like a thick edge to second slip. 
‘No, no, Clarissa comes from a pretty high-class family. Her mother was a cousin of the Wedgwoods.’ He said it self-deprecatingly, looking at the table and then up again, like a rugby blue telling his team-mates about his new squeeze. 
‘Right.’
So it was Daniels who was out of the bracket.
‘Yes. And she went to top schools, you know.’
‘That’s nice,’ replied St Cloud, who went to a school where they flushed first years’ heads down the toilets. ‘This blackmail business. You said about it concerned your sister’s marriage?’
Daniels nodded. ‘Yes.’
‘That’s gone down the tube?’
‘Not at all. Their marriage is brilliant. They’re really good together. And now they have the little girls, well, they couldn’t be happier.’
‘That’s nice as well.’ St Cloud drank some coffee, and said, ‘But that’s only the works. Where’s the spanner?’
There was a little metallic ding from the clock outside in the hall.
Eleven o’clock.
Hugh Daniels frowned.
‘The thing is, my wife’s sister has had some problems. Things didn’t go very well for her after their second was born, the little girl was in and out of hospital and well, she got the whole post-natal thing quite badly. Don’t know if you know what it’s like. Do you have kids?’
‘No.’ He had Bonnie, which was sometimes like it.
‘She wasn’t herself at all. Found it hard to be around the children, and at home even. She was under the doctors for a bit. And she went a bit – well, funny – for a while.’
‘Funny?’
‘She did some peculiar things. Things she wouldn’t have done, I’m absolutely sure of that, if she’d been herself. Like I say, she had this depression. Clinical, you know, the real thing.’
St Cloud wasn’t sure what other kind there was. ‘Depression isn’t much of a reason for blackmail.’
‘No. It’s not that.’
‘Then – ?’
‘She indulged in some things, unwise things.’
‘Things?’
‘Yes, well – unwise things.’
St Cloud said exasperatedly:
‘Do you mean drugs?’
‘No, I don’t mean that. Look, perhaps “indulged” isn’t the right word. She came into contact with a man – a man called Hulbert. They became friends. Well, they became close. You understand, I’m sure.’
He said, ‘Not yet. Not enough.’
‘Oh. Well – ’
‘Tell me about this Hulbert.’
Daniels’s mouth twisted unhappily.
‘My wife’s sister does some charity work. This Hulbert was doing the same kind of thing. Different scale, obviously. My wife’s sister tends to do large fundraising things normally, events, dinners, that kind of thing. But this was different, completely the other end of the scale. This Hulbert was running some place on behalf of the homeless, a shelter of some sort in the East End. I don’t know if it was very straight.’
‘What does that mean?’
‘We met him once, and he seemed a bit – well, sort of shifty. Didn’t like to meet your eye.’
‘I’m not sure that’s a reason to doubt his efforts.’
‘I don’t mean that. I mean – well, shifty.’ He moved uncomfortably in his chair. ‘Look. A friend we know who does a lot of fundraising for the homeless hadn’t heard of him at all. We thought that was a bit odd. But my wife’s sister took to him, spent a lot of time with him – put some money into the shelter, and things like that. But I’m not sure that set-up was quite as it sounded. I think the man’s a fraud, an exploiter. He may well have a chequered past. He may be a criminal, for all we know.’
St Cloud wondered whether any of that automatically disqualified him as an unhappy woman’s lover, decided it didn’t, and told Hugh Daniels so.
Daniels replied testily, ‘I wouldn’t say he was her lover.’
‘SVS Chakaravarti does, in so much obfuscation.’
‘And she’s not an unhappy woman. Not really, not now.’
‘Not now? What about when she was inflagrante in Hulbert’s soup kitchen?’
‘Look, I told you, she was suffering from post-natal depression, and yes – yes, maybe this fellow took advantage. He certainly seemed the type.’
‘They’re hell, these advantage-takers. Is the affair still going on?’
‘I wouldn’t call it an – ’
He snapped: ‘Well, is the whatever-you-would-call-it still going on?’
Daniels took another giant swig of tea, and shook his head. ‘Clarissa thinks her sister finished it, came to her senses. This Hulbert hasn’t really been on the scene for months.’
‘And her husband didn’t find out?’
‘No.’
‘Sounds like a happy ending.’
‘It was, until this email arrived.’
‘Yes. The email.’ He looked down at the piece of paper. ‘Where does SVS Chakaravarti come into it?’
‘God only knows. We thought the whole thing was absolutely dead in the water. Forgotten about it, to be honest. Then this phone call arrives, quite out of the blue.’
St Cloud said, ‘The phone call from Chakaravarti that your wife happened to answer instead of you.’
‘Yes.’ Daniels scratched his bald dome. ‘I don’t exactly know how, but this fellow has got hold of some stuff. It relates to this Hulbert, apparently. It’s clear this Chakaravarti is going to tell my sister-in-law’s husband about it.’
‘Did he say that on the telephone?’
‘Not exactly. But it stands to reason, doesn’t it?’ He drummed his fingers on the table. ‘Clarissa didn’t find it easy to understand him.’ He said deliberately, ‘He had an accent.’
St Cloud thought about saying something spiky about that, but decided against it. Instead he drank some more coffee.
Daniels said, ‘Look, what we’re looking for is – ’
St Cloud broke in, ‘Why should you and your wife be responsible – financially, I mean? It seems a funny way to go about blackmailing somebody.’
‘Is it? I mean – yes, I suppose so.’
‘Why does he expect you two to pay for it? Why not the woman herself?’
Daniels shrugged his shoulders. ‘Well, I don’t know this, but I’m guessing he’s already tried. Probably my wife’s sister couldn’t pay him anything.’
‘I thought she was married to the Prime Minister.’
Daniels scowled. ‘Not quite. But that’s rather the point, you see. All her money comes from her husband. She doesn’t have any private account of her own, certainly not enough to see this fellow off. I’m sure she couldn’t access any large amounts – well, not discreetly.’
‘And you can?’
Daniels rubbed his square jaw. ‘Well, there’s the thing. These people obviously think so. But you know how it is in this climate, we’re mortgaged pretty heavily.’
St Cloud’s heart bled.
He said, ‘So you can’t pay?’
‘I didn’t say that. We could raise a small amount.’
‘We’ll come to that. Back to this material, if you will. Do you exactly know what it is, or how you might get it back?’
‘Oh, that’s easy. It’s a memory stick.’
‘A what?’
‘A USB memory stick.’
‘Oh, a flash drive? Like geeky kids have on key rings?’
‘That’s it. They’re called dongles, properly.’
‘You’re kidding.’
‘No.’
‘Let’s stick to a “flash drive” for now. What’s on it?’
‘I don’t completely know. But I understand it might contain emails – and probably text messages, possibly, to and from this Hulbert. And it’s incriminating, you know, or it would be if it ever saw the light of day.’
‘Incriminating?’
‘Yes. Embarrassing.’
‘Which is it? They’re quite different things.’
‘Well, embarrassing, then. But more than that. Destructive. It would end their marriage.’
‘Did your wife’s sister tell you all this?’
‘She told my wife.’
St Cloud screwed up his face. ‘That isn’t really very usual for blackmail, either. The dongle, I mean. If it’s on a computer memory how would you ever know that you’ve got it back, or that it hasn’t been copied? I mean, what’s to stop SVS Chakaravarti copying this flash drive and doing all this again next year?’
‘Apparently he can’t do that. Technically, I mean. The files are copy-protected.’
‘Did your sister-in-law do that?’
‘I presume so.’
‘She must know something about computers, in amongst being Carla Bruni, the Good Samaritan and mother of the year. She told you she did that?’
‘She told my wife.’
‘Again. I see.’
St Cloud pushed his chair back, and stretched his legs out. He gazed at the rest of the kitchen, and thought out loud: ‘Was this material always on this stick, I wonder? Or has it been transferred from something else? And is it the only place where it can be still found? And, more fundamentally, did she lose this stuff or give it away? Does this stick belong to her, or to Hulbert?’
Daniels ventured, ‘Maybe Hulbert stole it from her.’
‘Or maybe it was his, in the first place.’
‘Does that matter?’
‘It does if it’s not even her’s to get back. That makes it buying and selling, rather than theft, or blackmail.’ He put the piece of paper back on the table, and studied Daniels for a moment or two.
Then he said:
‘Just a minute ago, you said “these people” think you can get hold of some money. Does that mean you think Hulbert’s behind this Chakaravarti?’
‘It stands to reason, I would have thought.’
‘You think so?’
‘You don’t then?’
‘Not necessarily. He might be busy blackmailing Hulbert in the same fashion.’
‘Hardly. This Hulbert’s really small scale.’
St Cloud nodded. Embarrassment, like skiing, is a preserve of the middle classes.
He asked, ‘How much is Chakaravarti asking?’
Hugh Daniels swilled his tea around in the mug. He said, not meeting St Cloud’s eye, ‘Fifteen thousand pounds.’
St Cloud whistled.
‘That makes it an expensive dongle. How much are you willing to pay?’
Daniels said uncomfortably, ‘I can scrape together five or six.’
‘No more?’
‘No.’
‘Have you told Chakaravarti that?’
‘No. I wanted to talk to you first.’
‘I see.’ St Cloud pushed his chair away from the table and stood up. He paced around the room. It was a novelty to be in a kitchen where you could do that without bumping into the walls. After a bit of pacing, he said,
‘I don’t exactly know what your contact told you about me.’
‘He told me you were high up there, in the Met – before something happened.’
‘He knows me fairly well, then.’
‘Yes. I believe so.’
St Cloud turned and bent over, his knuckles on the table. ‘But I am not, and never have been, a policeman. Please don’t get hung up on any foolish ideas that I’m used to dealing with blackmailers, or paying off informants. Luckily for you, none of this is anywhere near my line of business.’
Daniels said curiously, ‘Luckily?’
‘Yes, because if it was it would be bloody and dirty and it would cost a lot more than fifteen thousand pounds.’
He sat down again.
‘But I do perhaps know this world a little better than you do. And as I am ex-Met, ex-employed, ex-everything, I have time on my hands and a hole where my bank account used to be. So I can take the job. But I need to be clear about what you’re expecting. What do you want me to do, go and negotiate with this guy? Buy back your flash drive? It sounds to me like you’d be better off with an agent of some kind. Or a tough.’
‘My fellow said you were chippy.’
‘Did he also say I was expensive? Lazy? Slapdash?’
‘No – listen,’ Hugh Daniels adopted a softer tone. ‘Okay, I could do this myself. But – well, I don’t want to.’
‘No?’
‘No. I’ll be honest about that. I need somebody who understands these things a bit better, who has experience – experience I don’t have. These men – well, they’d wipe the floor with us, you know. Clarissa and I just wouldn’t know where to start. We need somebody to help us. But it isn’t just experience. We need somebody honest. Somebody bright. My man told me you’re extremely bright.’
‘He knows me inside out.’
‘Look – look – ’
Daniels had a little bead of sweat across the bright dome.
‘I don’t want to hire a tough. You don’t look like one of those. I just want somebody to go and see this – this Chakaravarti, and reason with him. I just need somebody who understands that we must get this back, this damned flash drive, and we’re ready to pay if we have to.’ It was an upright, voice, a voice that proud men only ever use once or twice in their lives, when they discover that their children are smoking dope or that their wife is fucking the carpet fitter. He felt a little twinge of pity.
‘It’s that important?’
‘It’s vital. Vital to stop a lot of good things getting ruined. But it’s got to be clean, this transaction, and final.’
St Cloud said quietly, ‘If you don’t mind me saying so, the Chakaravartis of this world aren’t ever going to be clean.’
Daniels looked a little crestfallen.
‘No, I suppose you’re right.’ The big hands cradled the sides of the giant mug. ‘I hope you know – we don’t expect you to steal anything. Or take anything by force. Nothing like that, I assure you. I suppose we do just want you to buy it, this damned flash drive thing. It sounds a little ridiculous, when one puts it like that. But we do need help. Will you do it for us?’
St Cloud wanted to say no.
Instead he said:
‘You’ll have to pay me.’
‘Absolutely, I realise that. How much?’
‘Let’s say six hundred pounds a day.’ He softened again. ‘But it might take no more than a day.’
‘But it could take longer?’
‘Look, here’s an itemised bill. It’s two hundred pounds because it’s not in my line, another two hundred because it’s not going to be easy, and another two hundred because you could do it yourself and I could spend the afternoon at the seaside. Can you really only go to six thousand?’
Daniels nodded unhappily. ‘That’s all, without borrowing. And I’m not sure anyone would lend it to us, we’re pretty maxed out on credit cards. You know what the banks are like at the moment.’
Tight as a Kiwi with a Dutch accountant. St Cloud nodded.
He suggested, ‘Let’s try for five and hope for the best. That way I can take my share with a relatively clean conscience. I suggest you make a blank cheque out for five grand. In case we strike lucky. But don’t get your hopes up.’
Daniels nodded. ‘Yes. Yes, that sounds – yes.’
‘Let me see that email again.’
St Cloud’s eye skimmed over the stuff about remuneration and provision of services, and went to the address: “Alderson Law, 146A Silesia Buildings London E8”. He copied it on the back of a business card. On the back of another he wrote Daniels a receipt, and got Daniels to write down a mobile number and the landline.
St Cloud told him: ‘I’ll call you when I have news.’


He turned and walked back through the hall. There was no sign of Angus or the broken car, but from the higher reaches of the house came the faint whine of a video game. He was about to go out of the front door when there came a soft, sudden sob from behind a wooden door to the left. He bent his head to the door and listened. It wasn’t repeated.
He padded up to the door and gently pushed it open with his foot.
The woman sat on the edge of a sofa and looked up at him. There was a whole lot of grief in her. She looked up, and said nothing. He said nothing back. She looked at him, unblinking. He looked back. They stayed like this for about thirty seconds. Then she got up, walked quickly across the room, and closed the door.
He turned, opened the front door and went outside.
That face haunted him back up the path, back past the silver Mercedes, and back past the box hedges and the expensive houses. He had never seen anybody look quite like that. He didn’t know what might make somebody look at him for thirty seconds without blinking or saying anything. He didn’t know what might make somebody look so damned crushed as that woman sitting in that room. But he was ready to lay bets that it was more than just a missing flash drive or a straying sister.


E8 was a straight drive south, across Wanstead Flats and Rabbit Road. St Cloud stuck like new glue to the queues that waited in line for the North Circular beside the new Spitalfields market, then crawled past the thousand miles of bright blue plyboard that made up the park boundary. Here and there it was covered with pictures of fat kids doing long jump or playing volleyball. A legend in jerky white letters read “Bringing the Games to Life”.
After an hour St Cloud got hungry and pulled out of the jam, parked up, and went into a roadside café. Inside were a lot of Turks in white smocks cooking up nasty English sausages, rather than anything nice or Turkish. The place was busy with a mixture of old, grizzled men, all wide foreheads and nicotine hands, and young tattooed know-nothings: weedy eyes, pointed chins, Stegosaurus haircuts. Everybody wore yellow jackets and tan boots: boom time for the builders and the demolition men and the really smart people who sold the yellow jackets and the tan boots. St Cloud ordered coffee and eggs and sat on a plastic bucket seat at a thick wooden table. On it was a discarded Daily Mirror open at the centre pages: girls in bikinis, girls getting out of cars, girls pretending to want to have to sex with other girls; and lots of other shit. The coffee was milky and the eggs ran like rabbits. He closed his eyes and swallowed them whole, like a gastronome would with oysters.
Conversation drifted across from the other tables.
‘Have to measure the beams again, nobody thought of – ’
‘won’t let you on the site without the blue pass and nobody’s got the nous to send them out first – ’
‘they know it’s a joke price, powers that be know it’s a joke price, but it’s just muggins here stuck in the middle trying to make it work – ’
He tuned out. Buildings weren’t interesting until they were built, and only a few of them were interesting even then. He wondered how the men could be bothered to turn up, to sign on, just for the hollow pleasures of Friday night in the local, or the weekend with the wife, or the week in Almeria or Sharm-el-Sheikh. It wasn’t a life he understood. And vice-versa, of course. They would not envy him. No, they would grow old and tap their grandsons’ car windows and crane old necks to show off what they had built. He would have nothing like that to show anybody. He was the architect of looser things: ideas, problems, doubt. 
He got up, paid for his breakfast and went outside and lit a cigarette. Then he stood for a while, watching the traffic and thinking about the Daniels woman and her tear-stained face. After ten minutes of this the cars in the queue hadn’t move anywhere and neither had his thoughts. It was that kind of a morning.
He called Bonnie and told her he’d be another few hours. She sounded subdued. He remembered last night: they had pitched bitterly about nothing, admitted in blushing mutters that it was nothing, and fucked each other stupid to make up for it. He always felt foolish after arguments, foolish and empty, with little hernia pains and a dry, fiery mouth; wanting to breathe fresh air or run in the rain, or plunge into the shower. A morning in Wanstead and then a slow shuffle south to E9 wasn’t going to be any of those things. Bonnie took it all differently: she would hold her breath and go under for a while, unreachably so. For days there might be mascara-dusted tissues and 50s novels strewn around the bedroom. And there was nothing he could do, no apologies or accommodations would change anything, he just had to let it happen and hope she was okay at the end of it.
He realised for the zillionth time that he loved her too much.


In contrast, Silesia Buildings wasn’t something to love. It was a little back alleyway behind Mare Street, near the Town Hall and the Empire – that part of Hackney that makes you think you’re in a big, serious part of town, until in all directions the roads peter out into little deserts of petrol stations, hump-back lanes and grit-grey council blocks. The alley was narrow and gloomy – maisonettes, wheelie bins, drug-flops, cigarette shops. Number 146A looked anonymous enough, above an African hairdressers’, a bright, empty wooden room behind faded posters of black girls with ramrod-straight hair. A sign painted on the glass said “Cornrow £5. Ghana Cornrow £25”. St Cloud wondered what made it a Ghana Cornrow and why it was five times better than the other one.
Next to the glass window was a blue front door, and next to this was a small plaque, with “Alderson Law” above a buzzer and a list of names, rustier and more foreign-sounding than those on the painted boards of Lincoln’s Inn. Three of the names were scrubbed out, two of them were unpronounceable, and none of them was Chakaravarti. He pressed the buzzer. After a minute or so the door clicked. It opened to a flight of dusty grey tiled stairs, the kind you get pushed down in comprehensive schools. At the top was another door, and after that a small, congested room with old swivel chairs, filing cabinets and cardboard boxes. A girl was sitting at a desk and filing long nails. She had sharp cheekbones and long hair, like a pretty version of a voodoo doll, sans pins. She eyed him warily, without moving her head.
He said, ‘I’m here to see Mr Chakaravarti.’
She filed more nails. ‘Have you an appointment?’
It was a lovely African voice, like a deep, bubbling pool.
‘No.’
‘What is it about?’
‘It’s about a letter Mr Chakaravarti wrote.’
She stopped filing her nails, looked up at him, and then bubbled again. ‘Do you have your letter?’
‘No. And it wasn’t to me. It was to a couple called Daniels, from Wanstead Park Avenue.’
‘Wait a moment.’
She got up from the desk. Her clothes were shiny and stretched tight across her angular frame, and as she walked into the back office St Cloud saw long, thin calves and killer heels. She went to a door, opened it, said a few words, and came back towards him. ‘You can go in.’
St Cloud went past and through the rear door. Beyond was a stuffy little office crammed full of furniture, and with every surface covered – box files, manila folders, sandwich wrappers, newspapers, and various other harbingers of filth. An old electric fan blew a nasty mixture of cayenne pepper and stale sweat around the room; it nudged at the yellowing corners of strewn papers. On the desk sat an old-style computer monitor and keyboard, the plastic casing turned ochre with age and resembling the stippled wall surrounding a urinal. Behind it sat an extremely fat Asian man, dressed in a shirt that was bursting at the seams. The shirt had orange stripes and looked like an Ordnance Survey map of the Brecon Beacons. A thin ribbon of a tie strangled his flabby neck with a greasy little knot that looked pretty impossible to undo. He wore black-framed glasses and amid thick jowls sported the kind of beard that would have been handy for cleaning out highball glasses, but not much else.
‘You’re Chakaravarti?’ asked St Cloud.
The fat man nodded.
‘I’m here on – ’
The man interrupted. ‘My secretary says you wanted to speak about a letter.’
‘I’m here on behalf of Mr and Mrs Daniels. My name is St Cloud.’
‘Daniels?’ 
‘You’ll remember them, I think. You emailed them and asked them to part with some money. That was after you phoned Mrs Daniels, and told her the reasons why she shouldn’t dare do otherwise, not if she wanted a happy life.’
Chakaravarti spread his hands on the desk. In contrast to the big, bursting frame, those hands were tight little balls. ‘I do slightly recall the matter. I did not really expect to attend a meeting. I was certainly not advised of one in advance. It was a request to be dealt with by post, if I recall. I particularly did not expect to deal with a third party.’
St Cloud shifted in the chair. ‘Sometimes third parties go with the territory, Mr Chakaravarti, like with motor insurance and unhappy marriages.’ He looked at his surroundings. ‘Mr and Mrs Daniels preferred not to sample the rarefied air of your establishment.’
Chakaravarti wrinkled his nose. ‘You have their authority to act, then?’
‘I do.’
‘Then I presume you have come to deliver according to the terms. I do not see why this required attendance. It did not need to be done in person.’
St Cloud said, ‘Well, that’s probably the rub.’
‘The rub?’
‘The first thing to say is that it isn’t clear to me why Mr and Mrs Daniels should give you anything. It strikes me that it would be more appropriate if they reported you to the police.’
The fat man looked genuinely puzzled. ‘The police? What on earth for?’
‘Let’s have a think about it. Handling stolen goods, maybe. Demanding money with menaces.’
Chakaravarti took off his glasses, gave them a wipe on the dirty tie, and replaced them. ‘What a curious conclusion for you to have reached, Mr St Cloud. Well, if it obliges you, I would be delighted to review the letter that was sent, in order to ensure there are no such “menaces”, as you put it.’ He held up a hand to cut off a reply. ‘However, without undertaking such an exercise I am perfectly satisfied this is the case. There are certainly no goods that have been stolen. It is a fully legal and acceptable transaction. I have simply been asked to broker a service that attracts value, and those who might pay for such a service wish to do just that. It’s straightforward.’
‘It’s as bent as an MP’s cock.’
‘Please, there’s no – ’
‘And you know it.’
Chakaravarti grimaced.
The fan whirred on.
The fat man said, ‘Really, Mr St Cloud, that is a completely unnecessary reaction to a simple business transaction.’
St Cloud leant backwards and put his hands on the top of his head. It was hot, damned hot, in this little room. The fan wasn’t doing anything but stirring up a lot of things that would have been better left alone. He looked at the windows but these looked like they had been painted shut during the previous century. He said irritably:
‘We could go on like this all afternoon, with me calling you more names and you drowning me in more bullshit, and although we might both feel better, I’m sure neither of us have the time nor the inclination. If it was up to me I’d be giving you fifty percent of nothing times twenty percent of nothing, and then halving it. The fact is despite my personal objections the Daniels are willing to ensure you’ll get three grand for the material, which is three grand more than you deserve. And that is the end of the story.’
‘Three?’ Chakaravarti raised an eyebrow.
‘I can give you it now. And then we can end this dirty little transaction. If you can give me the goods you so eloquently refer to in your letter, that will be that.’
Chakaravarti put his glasses back on, turned to the screen in front of him, and pulled forward the dirty yellow keyboard. He typed something. St Cloud sat there. He felt like he was in a GP’s surgery in the Third World. Pretty soon he got a headache to match. The fan tickled the papers some more. A poor deluded fly buzzed around the ceiling. All this went on for about half a minute.
Without looking up, Chakaravarti said, ‘You don’t expect a positive reply to that, I am sure.’
The fly tried to find a way out of the painted-shut windows.
St Cloud gritted his teeth. ‘That’s exactly what I expect.’
‘I’m sure Mr and Mrs Daniels didn’t need to send you, whoever you are – ’
‘I told you, my name is St Cloud. You’ve used it twice.’
‘ – whoever you are, all the way to see me to make such a derisory offer. That really would be absurd.’
‘It’s not derisory. It’s all you’re getting.’
‘With respect, Mr St Cloud, you do not have the slightest grasp of the matter. Not the slightest.’
‘What’s to grasp? You want the money. I want the material.’
Chakaravarti laughed deprecatingly, and his flabby neck wobbled. He shook his head and looked back at the screen. ‘What you have to understand, Mr St Cloud, is that we are both mere pundits in this transaction.’
‘Speak for yourself.’
‘Except some of us are King’s couriers and some of us are carrier pigeons.’
‘Which means what, exactly?’
‘It means I am privileged enough to be able to say that those I represent have taken me somewhat into confidence, in order to explain the values involved and the estimated curve of their growth. There has been a strategic consideration, and a discussion and agreement commensurate with such a strategy. I am, as you might say, somewhat in confidence of these matters. But you – well, unfortunately you may find yourself at a disadvantage in these dealings, being somewhat blind to the significance of the material in question.’
St Cloud looked back blankly.
Chakaravarti continued, ‘Unless, perhaps, Mr and Mrs Daniels have felt able to discuss this material with you in the same fashion.’
‘They have, actually.’
Chakaravarti gave a little supercilious laugh. ‘Oh, I don’t expect so.’
St Cloud felt himself beginning to boil. ‘I know enough.’
‘Again, again, I don’t expect so. Carrier pigeons rarely do.’
St Cloud snarled, ‘Quit calling me a pigeon.’
‘Really, there is no need – ’
‘You have a memory stick, a flash drive, whatever you want to call it. Call it a fucking dongle if you must. You want to sell it. I’m here to buy it.’
Chakaravarti chuckled, and tapped at the keyboard.
St Cloud drew his hands down either side of his face, dragging a thin layer of sweat like cellophane from his temples. He spread his palms out wide. They balled into fists.
‘Look here – ’
‘This really is all wrong, Mr St Cloud,’ interrupted Chakaravarti. His eyes narrowed, and the voice was suddenly harsh. All of a sudden he looked a little menacing. ‘The goods which you attempt to extricate – with your pathetic little three thousand pounds, although I am sure in your prehistoric fashion you expect to settle this at five – represent a premium quality and a limited supply base. That produces the climate for a rising yield.’
‘You sound like a weatherman. A fat, nasty one.’
‘Emotion is unnecessary.’
‘Now you sound like a robot. A fat, nasty one.’
‘Really, Mr St Cloud,’ Chakaravarti pushed the keyboard away, and faced him. ‘We have a communication problem. I do not seem to be effectively communicating to you. Now, how can I put this in a way that will get through to you, and ultimately through to Mr and Mrs Daniels? For they are the ones that matter. It is their risk that I must consider. It is their risk I am attempting to manage.’
‘Their risk? You’ve got a brass neck – ’
‘Let me put it this way.’ He folded his arms, and thought carefully.
Then he said, in a quieter voice:
‘Go back to whatever disgusting little hovel you crawled out of, and tell the Daniels this negotiation starts at fifteen thousand, and may yet go suddenly and significantly upwards. If Mr and Mrs Daniels really wish to negotiate – which I suggest would be a wholly unwise course of action, if they do not wish to suffer unhappy consequences – then they should do so in a professional manner, rather than send clumsy fools here with laughable offers to waste my valuable time.’
St Cloud took a deep breath, and counted to ten. When he got as far as two, he yelled: ‘The risk is all yours, you fat fucker.’
Chakaravarti looked back, a little amused. 
‘Mine?’
‘Trying to peddle a piece of dirt like that flash drive isn’t the prettiest business to be in. Even if it isn’t stolen then the material is – stolen in some shape or form. And you can dress it up all you like but this is blackmail, all ends up. And blackmail’s a dirty word, and a dirty business to be in.’
Chakaravarti screwed up his eyes and tensed his shoulders; and then, fantastic as it was, his whole gigantic body shook with silent laughter. His mouth dropped open and emitted a little dry chuckling sound, absurdly in contrast to the size of his frame, like someone blew a tuba and got a piccolo.
When his laughter subsided, he said:
‘Really, this is ridiculous. There is no blackmail here. Just the transference of goods by the means of sale. It has been going on since before the Romans. I sell, the Daniels buy. If they can’t buy, someone else buys.’
St Cloud snapped, ‘What do you mean, “someone else buys”?’
‘Just that. It is a free market.’
‘Who’s the “someone else”, exactly?’
‘Oh, it could be anybody.’ Chakaravarti removed his glasses once again; he seemed to need to recover from his efforts. ‘But I will tell you this. Really, I shouldn’t need to. It is the most basic of economic realities. Anybody who buys this material will do so for fifteen thousand or more. That is its market value. So if the Daniels can’t meet the price, they should stay out of the market.’
St Cloud said weakly, ‘Blackmailers come to bad ends, Chakaravarti.’
The fat man raised a hand and swatted this away.
He said, ‘Now if that is all.’
St Cloud got up, placed his hands on the desk, and said evenly, ‘Okay. That’s all. If your time is that valuable then I won’t waste any more of it. And equally I won’t waste any of my breath calling you a fat, sweaty pile of shit and telling you to go and fuck your fat, sweaty mother up her fat, sweaty arse.’
He turned and walked out of the door. The girl was still filing her nails. It looked like she did a lot of that.


St Cloud killed a couple of hours wandering Roman Road market and drawing out a Turkish coffee over the Evening Standard, full of Primrose Hill squatters, speed date bores and transport politics (the usual fare). Then he went outside, smoked a cigarette, and phoned Bonnie. She sounded down.
He told her, ‘I’ll be back a bit later. Do you want to eat?’
‘No. I had lunch out with Tam.’
‘Oh.’
‘When will you be back?’
‘Seven, maybe. Maybe later.’
‘Okay.’


He headed back to Silesia Buildings at five, which was in plenty of time. The African hairdressers closed up. A couple of girls said their goodbyes to each other. About ten minutes after that, the pretty doll walked out of Chakaravarti’s office and up towards Mare Street. Eventually Chakaravarti waddled outside too and into an old green Peugeot, which wasn’t the smartest car on the road but still looked worlds better than the cave he called an office. St Cloud held back and waited until the Peugeot was three of four cars ahead, then eased the Leon into the traffic. The radio warned of a cool spring and a hot summer, of flash floods and rate rises and sporting disappointments to come. Around him white boys drove black hatchbacks, black boys drove silver saloons, and Southend gasfitters yawned along to the half-remembered indie shit of their misspent youths.
He followed the Peugeot north for a mile or so, through that horrible part of Homerton near the hospital, across the Marshes and up on to the North Circular, giving him a view above the plyboard boundary. He could see the huge, dirt-brown puddle with the bony skeleton of a stadium in the middle, reminding him of the half-built Death Star in Return of the Jedi. The Peugeot went north to the Green Man and then left towards Leyton. St Cloud lost it in the one-way circuit, finding it vanished when he rounded one of the square corners; he did another circuit and eventually found it parked up on the street outside a grimy pub called The Pony. He parked the Leon up a short distance behind and waited. A couple of old, chronic drunks dragged each other up the street and into the pub. What might have been an old tom, or a young madam, emerged from a side door and walked up towards the town.
A scrubby little world went by.
St Cloud dozed.
Ten minutes later the bulky form of Chakaravarti emerged on to the street, from what might have been a side door of the pub, or might have been some kind of alleyway running behind it.
He threw a few looks up and down the street; walked around and opened the passenger seat of the car; reached up to the sun visor; pulled it down; brought out something; opened the glove box; closed it again; went back to the visor; and returned it to the raised position. The whole performance took about half a minute. Then he walked around to the driver’s seat, got into it, and drove off. St Cloud waited a short while, did a three-point turn and went back to the one-way system. A few minutes later the Peugeot reappeared, and St Cloud sat a few cars behind, back to the North Circular, where it hogged the middle lane all the way to the Fore Street tunnel. After this it took a right and headed away from town.


North of Lordship Lane the A10 is characterised by wide, soulless junctions, London’s equivalent of those sad Californian crossroad towns between Fresno and Bakersfield, the ones that are powered by air-con and methamphetamine. At one of these junctions the Peugeot took a left and headed up towards a place called Forty Hill. At the top it turned into a new housing estate, a big red flag flapping in the wind, proclaiming the joys of buying one of the houses. There was a rip through one half of it, and the prices had been changed at least once – and not to make them any bigger. St Cloud parked up on the verge, and continued on foot. It was a development full of small, square detached houses, dotted with architectural features that cherry-picked from every kind of house built between 1550 and 1850. Here and there, like black pimples on an ugly teenager, satellite dishes pointed to somewhere higher and nicer. The houses were only about a foot apart, and yet whoever had built them had still seen fit to separate them with tangerine wooden fences. Between the fences, on herringbone driveways the colour of cherry coke, sat expensive cars – big 4 x 4s, little sports jobs, executive saloons - which spoke eloquently of easy credit and not much else.
St Cloud traversed the length of the little estate before he found the green Peugeot, parked up outside the last house in a secluded spot with a garage block on one side and a little copse of willows on the other. The copse ended abruptly in a nasty brown fence with a barbed wire fringe; beyond it lay a golf course, and the droning A10. He drove up to the house and looked it over. The front door was ajar. Any moment now the fat man would be back down to close it. So he did a three-point turn and drove back to Wanstead.


Clarissa Daniels answered the door. Her hair still had the same lovely curls. Everything else was different, though, for this time she wasn’t sobbing, her eyes were green and not bloodshot, and there were no tear-tracks to disturb her make-up. She wore a blue-green dress, the kind with tiny rucked up sleeves at the shoulders that show off nice arms, and black leggings. This year leggings were everywhere: someone smart had realised that girls with bad legs could wear them as well as girls with good legs, and sold them by the million. Clarissa Daniels had the kind of legs that didn’t look like they needed any help, not from leggings or anything else. When not disarranged she was a fox. That didn’t surprise him in the slightest.
He said: ‘Hello again, Mrs Daniels.’
‘Hello.’
‘Is your husband home?’
She shook her head.
‘He’s at work.’
‘Can I come in?’
She took a step backwards and turned, and he followed her through the house, which didn’t look any tidier than it had earlier in the day. From ahead St Cloud could hear little Angus rattling the same damned car around the kitchen, and through the frosted glass of the internal door he could see the fuzzy outline of somebody, a young woman – the hired help, he presumed. He got shown into a classy little sitting room. It was classy because the square, cream fabric sofas were grouped around the fireplace rather than a TV. The walls were deep red, and there was a nice Alma-Tadema print on the walls, along with a couple of abstract oils St Cloud didn’t recognise. It was a nice room, for a classy room. He took one sofa, and sat with his legs apart and his hands on his knees. She took the other and crossed her legs, with her feet pointed toward him. She wore a different pair of flip-flops. It was a two-flip-flop life she was living.
They watched each other carefully for a minute. Then he said:
‘I went to see Chakaravarti.’
She asked simply, ‘Did you get it?’
‘No. I bid up but didn’t hit the reserve.’
‘Damn.’ She piled a hand through her curls, and held it there. ‘Why not?’
‘He’s not playing.’
‘Not playing?’
‘He’s that kind of character. He wants a lot.’
‘A lot?’
He asked, curious: ‘Tell me, have you met him?’
She hesitated, then shook her head.
He didn’t know quite what to make of the hesitation. He said:
‘He’s smug and fat and does a good impression of being pleased with himself. He seems to think what he’s got is the goods.’
‘Why won’t he trade them, then?’
‘He seems to think I don’t have a proper grasp of the importance of what’s on that dongle. He seems to think that if I did, I’d be a lot more respectful of him. And ready to pay a lot more than five or six grand.’
She said coolly, ‘We could go to ten.’
He gave her a slantwise look. ‘That’s not what your husband told me.’
‘My husband doesn’t get to see my bank statements.’ She stood up and straightened her hips. ‘Do you want a glass of wine? Or a beer?’
He didn’t, but he said, ‘Okay. Beer, I suppose.’
She disappeared from the room, and emerged a moment or two later, carrying a large wine glass with a small stem, and a little green bottle from an expensive supermarket. He said, ‘Cheers,’ and took a swig. It was cold and unpleasant, like beer always is when you don’t want to drink it. She sat down again, and cupped the wine glass between middle and ring fingers. She looked pretty used to doing that.
She asked, ‘Do you think ten will buy it?’
‘Honestly?’
‘Of course.’
‘No.’
‘Oh. What makes you so sure?’
‘Like I say, Mr Chakaravarti thinks it’s the goods. He talks a lot about premium products and rising yields. He told me that offer of fifteen could yet go upwards.’
She bit her lip. ‘Then you’d better renegotiate.’
He shook his head. ‘I don’t think it’s going to be as easy as that.’
She ran a hand through the curls. They fell back into the same positions as they had before she did so. Whoever had designed them was some kind of genius. ‘This man Chakaravarti – what is he like? Is he rich?’
‘No.’
‘Then – ’
St Cloud broke in, ‘He occupies a complete hole of an office and he drives an old Peugeot. I decided to follow him home. I discovered that he lives on a new housing estate out in some bleak part of the sticks called Forty Hill. It’s not exactly your sort of place, Mrs Daniels. The bricks are all bright orange and unlike the Tudors they decided to nail the beams on last thing, to complement the Georgian windows.’
‘I see. And the man himself?’
‘Well, he’s a whale of a man, for a start. I don’t think he exercises much, and if he does I don’t think he takes many showers afterwards. And professionally speaking he looks to me like a cheap little grafter.’
‘Well, then – ’
‘You might think that means you can get your flash drive back at a bargain, but I wouldn’t be so sure. In my experience cheap little grafters find it hard to understand why people like you say they don’t have any money. And that flash drive might represent Chakaravarti’s income for the next few months. If he’s really a lawyer, and I’m not even sure he is, then he doesn’t appear to have clients queueing out of the door.’
She still didn’t sip at the wine. St Cloud stayed away from the beer. Nobody seemed to be enjoying the party. Clarissa Daniels looked at the floor, then back at St Cloud. There was a light in those green eyes. She said beautifully,
‘If he’s going to be tough, you’ll have to try harder.’
‘Harder?’
‘To convince him. You’ll just have to.’
He replied, ‘He’ll take a lot of convincing.’
‘Then you’ll have to do a lot of work.’
He put the beer down and looked at her for a moment, and furrowed his brow.
Then he said, ‘I’m a little confused. Are you asking me to go back and up the offer?’
She put her head on the side. ‘Yes, I suppose I am.’
‘Do you really think that’s a good idea, Mrs Daniels?’
She held his gaze for a second, and looked away.
When she looked back there was a strange, melancholy look in her eyes. He had the sudden, real sense that something was horribly wrong – with this house, with this room, and especially with Clarissa Daniels. He wondered, suddenly and fantastically, if she was dying of something.
She said, ‘Yes. I’d like you to do that for me.’
He took another swig of beer. It tasted better than the first. He noticed that she still hadn’t sipped her wine. He felt like all this was a game, and he was beginning to lose.
He remarked, ‘I wouldn’t be confident of success. I’ve a feeling your friend Chakaravarti knows more than you’d like him to.’
She said quickly, ‘He’s not my friend.’
‘No. I didn’t think he looked the type.’
She said, only half-amused: ‘You’d know what that is, would you?’
‘I wouldn’t presume to for a second, Mrs Daniels. But whatever terms you’re on, friend Chakaravarti certainly knew you could pay more than five grand.’
‘He’s guessing.’
‘Really? Or does he know more than that?’
She narrowed her eyes.
‘What do you mean?’
‘Does he get to see your bank statements, even if your husband doesn’t?’
She snapped, ‘No.’
St Cloud drank from the beer bottle. He let her seethe for a minute or two, then said,
‘This is a hell of a lot of trouble you’re going to on behalf of your sister, Mrs Daniels.’
There was the slightest flicker in the green eyes. ‘We’re close.’
‘So are my many demons, but I wouldn’t pay ten grand for them.’
‘I look after my sister, Mr St Cloud. And if that means paying money, so be it. She wouldn’t hesitate to do the same for me.’
‘That’s nice. Except – ’
‘You’re going to say, except she doesn’t have any money.’
‘I was going to say, except I don’t believe a word of it.’
There was a silence.
‘You don’t?’ She did a damned good job of looking controlled. 
Her eyes, though, looked terrified.
He shook his head. ‘All that stuff about the big wheel in politics, the post-natal depression and the Big Issue salesman – it’s cheap and tired. I didn’t really believe it from the start. I’m not even sure your husband believes it, and he’s the poor stool pigeon who had to deliver it to me. I’d lay a fair bet that there isn’t any such character as this Hulbert, and if there is, that he doesn’t run a soup kitchen or have anything to do with homeless people.’
She said absently, ‘My husband isn’t a stool pigeon,’ and sipped at her wine.
He thought about that for a moment, and then said:
‘Maybe not. But does he really believe any of it, either?’
She cradled her glass, and let the wine slosh around. Her mouth did a little twist, like she’d found a tough bit of stone in an otherwise perfect olive.
She said quickly, ‘I heard you were once in the police. Does that have to make you so damned suspicious of everything?’
‘Perhaps. Perhaps I was born that way.’
‘Then you ought to try and be more trusting.’ She took another sip of wine. Her hands were cool and steady: he watched the glass all the way back down to the table. It was a pretty impressive show.
But her eyes still sang like pretty green canaries.
He remarked, ‘Trusting people get messed about, in my experience, a lot more than suspicious ones do.’ He put the beer bottle down with a bang. ‘Look, Mrs Daniels, I spent the afternoon in a hovel of an office, getting bullshitted left right and centre by a fat, sweaty elephant of a man. I don’t mind doing that once, but if you want me to do it twice, I think I’d rather like to know why.’
‘You’ve already been told why.’
‘Not really.’
‘Yes, really.’ Her voice went up a few notes. ‘You must do what you’ve been asked, and properly this time.’
‘Not until I get a decent reason.’
‘I tell you, you’ve had it. Do you want me to tell you it again?’
‘Not the authorised version again, please.’
‘Then – ’
‘Come clean, Mrs Daniels. You look like you’re fit to burst. This isn’t anything to do with your sister, is it?’
She got up and walked around the room. At the window she crossed her arms and looked out, like Lady Dedlock. She said suddenly,
‘It isn’t much, you know.’
‘It isn’t nothing, then.’
‘Yes,’ she said, then, ‘No.’
‘Well, that makes it something. So tell me.’
‘What I’m saying is – look, it isn’t really worth you knowing.’
He felt his heckles rise. ‘Mrs Daniels, I might have to be the judge of that. Chakaravarti was pretty keen to tell me that he knows what’s what, and that knowing what’s what gives him the whip hand. He thinks I’m just a carrier pigeon. That was the exact phrase he used. So if you want to go and negotiate with Chakaravarti then fine, don’t tell me, don’t pay me, and do it yourself. If however you want me to do the dirty work then you’ll have to tell me what’s going on. Or Chakaravarti will just hit me with “it’s worth more than you know” and we’ll be back to where we started. Which is right here in this house, swapping stories, while that lazy kid of yours trundles that damned car around and makes a lot more noise.’
She insisted, ‘I don’t have to tell you.’
‘You do if you want my services.’
The fingers clenched a little closer around the glass. She said, 
‘I don’t know – I don’t know how far I can trust you. It’s difficult.’
He said, ‘I guessed it wasn’t shooting fish in a barrel.’
She turned back to him; her tongue sat on top of her bottom lip, and then disappeared again, like a reptile. Without looking at him, she said,
‘If you really must know, it’s about – well, it’s about me.’
He got slowly to his feet, and said: ‘I thought it might be.’
She paused, looked at him, then turned away once more.
He sat back down again. It seemed like the only thing to do.
‘I made a mistake.’
‘What kind of mistake?’
‘Do I really have to tell you that? It doesn’t seem to be any of your business.’
‘It’s my business if it means another afternoon like the one I just spent. And it’s my business if you want me to get your flash drive back. I presume there is a flash drive? Or was that bullshit, too?’
‘Yes, there’s a flash drive.’ She turned and walked back to the sofa, and perched on the edge. ‘Look, I made an error of judgement.’
‘Just the one?’
‘More than one.’
‘What kind of error of judgement?’
‘It involved a man.’
‘A nice man?’
She snorted. ‘No.’
‘You should stick with us nice men. You’d find it cheaper in the long run.’
She wheeled around. ‘I don’t know if you’re finding this funny, Mr St Cloud. But this is my life we are talking about, my home, my whole existence. Do you understand?’
He did, but he said, ‘Not exactly,’ just to be difficult. ‘Maybe you ought to tell me about this error of judgement, and this not-nice man.’
‘I can’t do that.’
‘You’ll have to try.’
She looked at him, just for a second, a hazy green second; and then her eyes went back and studied the floor.
‘Let’s just say that there are things on that flash drive that I need to get back. There are – emails, letters. Oh look, I don’t want to tell you any more.’
‘You haven’t told me much.’
‘I’ve told you enough.’
‘But – ’
‘Enough. I love my husband very much and if I don’t get that thing back, I’m in trouble.’
‘That kind of trouble, hey?’
‘Yes. Oh, don’t tease me, you beast, you know what sort of trouble I mean. Serious trouble. That’s why I’ll pay ten thousand. I’ll get it somehow. I must have that stick back, do you understand me?’ Her eyes began to redden, and she begged, in a tiny voice, ‘You clumsy brute, you’ll get your miserable cut. Just get me that thing back. Please.’
She put the glass on the table and placed hands on either side of her arms, like she was giving herself a hug. St Cloud said, ‘What about your husband?’
‘What about him?’
‘Where does he fit into this? He’s the one who asked me to spare some blushes. Does he know they’re yours?’
Her voice broke a little. ‘Hugh really does think it’s to do with my sister. He doesn’t need to know anything different. I would have kept him out of it if he hadn’t seen the damned email. If I can just get this stick back that’ll be the end of it.’ Now she broke into a proper sob, and begged, ‘Please, Mr St Cloud. You can rough me up all you want. You look the type. But my marriage is at stake here. Please, let’s not play any more games. I’ll pay ten, no questions. You can tell the fat man that.’
He got up again. It as like he was on a rope.
He put out an arm. She grabbed it.
She clung to him, hard, her nails in painful little lines along the back of his shoulder. She buried her face into his chest, and sobbed silently into him. Her back was smooth, warm and fitted the curve of his hand nicely. He looked down at her.
Those lovely blonde curls had surprisingly dark roots.
He said at length, ‘Okay, Mrs Daniels. I’ll go back and see Chakaravarti tomorrow.’
She took a step back. ‘No.’
‘I thought that was what you wanted.’
‘Tonight. I want you to get it tonight.’
He repeated dumbly: ‘Tonight?’
‘You followed him to his house, didn’t you?’
‘Well, yes, I – ’
‘Well, can’t you go back and see him?’
‘Tonight?’
‘Yes. I want you to go there tonight, and buy it from him.’
He lifted his hands away from her back and spread them wide, like he was shaking them dry. ‘Well – ’
‘Please. You must.’
‘Look, Mrs Daniels – ’
‘And don’t take no for an answer this time.’ She withdrew from him a step or two, and automatically he dug out a handkerchief, and handed it to her. She rubbed her eyes, and sniffed. Then she looked up at him, and said, 
‘I’m sure you can be very persuasive, Mr St Cloud. I really need you to do this for me. If you get it for ten, I’ll pay you a thousand for it.’
‘I thought you could only go to ten. That’s eleven.’
‘I can find it. Please – just say you’ll do it for me.’
He looked at the blonde curls, at the blue-green dress, at the appealing green eyes. She brought her head back into his chest and said, from somewhere below him, ‘You’ll do this, won’t you. You will, won’t you?’
The clock dinged. Seven o’clock.
He said:
‘Okay. I suppose.’
She buried herself a little deeper. He held her. In the pit of his stomach it felt like somebody was drilling for oil. Why he felt like that, he didn’t know. It might have been the sweet guilt of hugging another man’s wife. It might have been the thought of her cuckolded husband being made to trot out bogus family secrets. Or it might have been the fact that he didn’t believe this story any more than the last one.


Bonnie lay on the bed, naked. The duvet was a wine-dark sea, her pale, slim body a shaft of rippled moonlight.
She said, ‘You’ve been out all day.’
‘I know. I just have to go out again.’
‘Why not tomorrow?’
‘I might need to do something else tomorrow.’
‘Such as?’
‘Such as whatever happens tomorrow.’
She pursed her lips and said, ‘Michael, this work of yours. Is it really worth it?’
He shrugged. There was a short answer to that, which began with “n”, ended with “o”, and didn’t have much in between.
‘This work is all I have. All we have, in fact.’
‘I wish you could do other work. The work you’re good at. You spent so long getting good at it.’
‘I ruined it.’
‘Don’t say that.’
‘And nobody wants me to do that sort of work.’
‘They should.’
‘They don’t.’
It was getting dark. He put on a shirt, and started to button it. She lay back on the bed, her shimmering blue eyes looking out of the window. White fingers clutched at the bedclothes. Without looking at him, she said:
‘Why do you always have to leave me?’
He stopped buttoning. ‘Please don’t say that.’
‘Why, though?’
‘Look, I’ll try and get back early. ’
She didn’t look at him.
‘I don’t know what time – ’
‘Just go, Michael.’
He carried on getting dressed. He did it without looking at her.


He drove back along Long Lane and the Jamaica Road, past the estate some ironist once named “Paradise Street”, through the grubby little Rotherhithe pipe and the yellow bricks of Stepney, and then out along the Commercial Road where Hawksmoor jostles with Halal Fried Chicken. When he made it to the A12 he stuck fast in the evening glue. He got tired of the normal tunes so he spun the radio dial through a few curves until it settled on a honeyed voice talking earnestly about a legacy. To his disappointment it wasn’t one of those legacies that people kill for, or pretend to be long-lost nephews to fraudulently approbate, and neither was it one of those funny legacies crazy old women leave to keep flames burning above their cat’s graves. No, this was a legacy of wider and deeper proportions: the legacy. Three thousand new homes in the new Village, twelve new stadia for every conceivable activity involving a combination of bat, ball and anabolic steroids, and a million more kids playing a million more games of football and on grass blades rather than roller blades or razor blades. That was the idea, anyhow. The honeyed voice gave way to a cynic with a gritty little whine. The cynic fired off a mind-boggling list of numbers. Price of an aquatics centre 242 million pounds. Price of a velodrome 80 million pounds. Price of a ticket to the opening ceremony two thousand and twelve pounds – just to be symbolic about it. Somebody asked the old question, cui bono – or, “who gets the dough?” Nobody could agree on the answer. Someone said it was going to be the world, which didn’t help any. The honeyed voice said it was going to be the next generation, but didn’t specify whether these were kids, or embryos, or gleams in teenagers’ eyes. The gritty cynic said it was going to be the Chinese. Someone always said it was going to be the Chinese.
The cars edged forward. St Cloud looked about him. The first wash of grey was descending on the Leyton High Road. London was changing, of course, ever changing. Even here: amid the shabby money-transfer joints, bookmakers and Caribbean grocery stores there were odd organic cafés and bijou restaurants, newly sprung like pines on a war-wasted hillside. People washed up in Ratcliff and Shadwell, first Huguenots then Jews then Bengalis and now Albanians; the Aldgate gyratory worked like a mill, or a chromatograph, or the Channel at Chesil Beach, churning out wheat and chaff at different rates: the ambitious and the energetic to De Beauvoir Town and Stamford Hill, the lazy and unlucky back to Spitalfields for a bit more shit. It was the way of things. It was justified and ancient. Throwing nine billion pounds at it was never going to be the same thing – no matter what anybody said. 
On the radio the gritty cynic gave way to a vested interest with a cleft palate. St Cloud switched it off. They could talk all they wanted. Modern Gods had chosen this city one long lost afternoon in Singapore, and the first wave of profiteers came following with their cranes and their construction budgets, to be followed by advertisers, and then asset-strippers. Off in the distance he could just about make out in the twilight the vague outlines of the new superstructures. Their sunlit pomp would build careers, fortunes, bridges – one hoped; would destroy markets, streets, relationships – one suspected. One thing was sure: it would throw a nuclear curveball into the ecosystem of the city, and its organic onward marches – the decades-slow trudge to prosperity of the working class along the radial arm flung out from St Paul’s, and the downward movement at the other end, the crust on its uppers giving petulant way to the aspirant middle class.
The Fore Street tunnel was quieter now, and the street lights were flickering into life as he took the slip road up towards the roundabout and followed the A10 north. It was almost the longest day of the year, and the last of the light brought a lazy complacency. Away from the road the trees loomed dark on either side of the lane, and little flies gathered in the yellow bath of the street lamps. The torn builders’ sign at Forty Hill hung limply in the breeze.
He drove right up and through the housing development. Unlike Wanstead Park Avenue, which had at least been constructed near to a Tube station, this dismal outpost had neither conveniences nor collection points, and accordingly now the working day was over the place was jam-packed with everyone’s second cars, company exes and vanity wanks mostly. Brand new Audis, Opels, and Fords sat parked up on the pavement. Inside the little houses yellow lights came on, illuminating scenes of wannabe WAGs hunched in bedrooms, quelling the empty aftermath of their acquisitive crimes; while downstairs their husbands sped through satellite channels with the skilled thumbs of experienced masturbators, prowling a sea of new gadgets and old cop shows and other impossibly stupid things. St Cloud edged the Leon through the place, over squared-off humps and between chicanes, taking care not to nudge bumpers or slap wing-mirrors. He guessed these people would care a lot about such trivia.
The green Peugeot hadn’t moved. St Cloud parked the Leon right behind it; there didn’t seem much need for stealth if it was going to be buying and selling and going all the way to ten lousy grand. He got out. A halogen light buzzed into life above him, and bluebottles threw a loose, buzzy tea dance. There was a little whipping wind sprung up; it blew flat, empty crisp packets around in crazy curves, and made the little copse of willows and firs rattle like a tambourine. From somewhere a dog barked incessantly, on a constant count of three.
The cool day was fast becoming a chilly night.
The house looked pretty cold, too. It was swathed in darkness and, despite the Peugeot being outside, it had a deserted look. No curtains were pulled across the windows, and there did not appear to be a light on. He considered giving this up, if the fat man was going to be out for dinner or drinks, but he looked around him again at the soulless housing development, in no proximity whatsoever to anything interesting, and also about the amount of weight Chakaravarti carried when he waddled. He didn’t look the kind to be going anywhere, at least not without the Peugeot. So St Cloud locked up the Leon, rounded the side of the house and walked past the little copse, and down the path towards the front door. 
He stopped.
The door was ajar.
Beyond it the house was black, black as night.


The door had been ajar, he recalled, as he had stood in daylight by the little copse and looked down on the house. Then he had expected to see Chakaravarti at any moment. Now the house looked empty. The Peugeot looked to be pretty much in the place where it had sat earlier. St Cloud thought for a minute about why this might be, and decided he couldn’t really think of a good explanation, so he walked up the path and pushed at the door. It flapped backwards. Beyond was darkness. He rapped on the knocker. All he heard back was the traffic-mash and the tiny sirens of the A10. No sound came from inside the house. He called out, ‘Chakaravarti!’ but five syllables bounced off a wall and died with a hollow ring. He looked back out at the street. It was empty.
The dog barked again. The night was coming down.
He pushed the door further open and ventured in.
Three steps took him into a deep fug of unwashed plates and dirty carpets. As his eyes adjusted to the gloom he made out a narrow hallway and the dark rectangle of a staircase straight ahead of him. He felt for a light switch, didn’t find one, but found instead a door on his left. It pushed open under his touch; he took a step inside to a sitting room, carpeted in a lazy sprawl of parallelograms as the last of the daylight threw itself through the leaded light windows. This soft light stroked a sofa, a plate of half-eaten pizza on the floor, a TV with that little red standby light Al Gore and his friends hate so much. He didn’t bother trying to find a light switch here, but instead shut the door and found another identical door opposite: this turned out to be a dining room, all dark wood and upright chairs, looking like it hadn’t seen any action since the day the house was built. He gave this one up, too and headed back into the hallway and around the stairs. Ahead through another doorway was a kitchen. It was half the size of the Daniels’ kitchen in Wanstead, but in its own way just as much of a mess. It was covered in paper bags and cardboard plates and it smelt of takeaways and at shit. A sliding glass door looked out on a gloomy morass that he presumed was a small garden. It was almost dark, now, yet there were no lights to be seen. 
He wondered what he would say to Bonnie: that he had drawn a blank, wasted a night. It was hardly going to make her feel better, or to renew her faith in him. He should get in the car, put the radio on, and watch the lights flash by all the way home. He turned. Ahead stood the open front door, creaking to and fro in the breeze. He stopped and had a think. He thought a little about what he had promised Hugh Daniels; he thought a bit more about a thousand pounds for one night’s work; and he thought a hell of a lot about the little hollows behind Clarissa Daniels’s shoulder blades.
And after all this thinking he headed up the stairs.
At the top was a small, dark landing, and he could just about make out a couple of doors, a laundry basket covered in clothes – whale clothes – and an empty suitcase. Beyond these an open door led to a bathroom, in front of which was something large and square – a cardboard box, or something like it. He didn’t pay any of these things any attention, though, because he didn’t need to. Beneath a third door, creeping across the carpet, was a dancing blue light. He stood outside the door and knocked softly.
He didn’t get an answer.
He called out: ‘Chakaravarti?’
Nothing.
He pushed the door open. Inside was a bedroom. The curtains were half-drawn in a kind of half-hearted fashion, like in a teenager’s pit, the night beyond almost black. Between the bed and the window was a TV. On the screen a white girl in a prison cell was getting cunnilingus off a black girl dressed as a prison warder, and both girls were doing an awful job of making it look like they weren’t in it for the money. To the left of this were some cheap-looking white fitted wardrobes, the doors of which were open, revealing hanging clothes – more whale clothes – and shoes.
The fat man lay on the bed, propped up by pillows, dressed only in a shirt, big soft oak trunks of legs spread apart. He was open-mouthed and open-eyed. There was a slight trail of blood and mucus coming from his nose. Sheets of vomit extruded from his mouth in thick, cream folds, like the waste from a potter’s wheel. The smooth bags of skin had lost what little lustre they had once exhibited. By the blue light of the TV set St Cloud stepped further into the room, and around to the other side of the bed. Slightly crushed underneath Chakravarti’s left side was a sheet of clear plastic, reflecting light; a smeary, fine powder interrupted the sheen in little dots. Next to this and wedged under the flabby skin of the man’s back was a small red tube, digging sharply into the soft sea of flesh and not making any kind of mark. In the air was a slight smell, like his bowels had opened. St Cloud pressed the back of his hand against Chakaravarti’s face. It was pretty cold. The eyes looked back, glassy, sightless. 
On a chair opposite the bed was the suit and shirt that the whale had worn earlier, no longer straining at the seams but lying flat like a burst tyre, and a DVD case with the title: “Jailbait 2”. St Cloud turned it over. He wondered what great themes the auteur had omitted from the first effort that he felt he needed to make a sequel. He checked the running time: three hours. He looked at the DVD player, an old-fashioned one, and saw from the display that the thing had about half an hour to run. That put Chakaravarti as having expired some time since half past six. He remembered the little metallic clang of the Daniels’ clock in the hallway earlier that evening; that was seven o’clock. Judging by the coldness of the skin, those moments – while Clarissa Daniels was telling him stories and his hand was traversing her back – might very well have been those when Chakaravarti was wanking his last request. He threw the DVD case back on the chair, pulled the curtain aside and looked out at the gloomy garden, now revealed as a narrow strip of green, devoid of plants or furniture or even any rats or foxes. He turned back to the room. There was no light in the eyes of the fat man. It occurred to St Cloud that if he lived in this dismal shit hole he’d have probably have seen some merit in bad coke and cheap porn, as well. He never did like to get too moral about things.
He put the curtain back in place, and walked to the door. He looked back at the room, no longer out of curiosity, but out of something else – yes – 
Nostalgia.
It was about the thousandth such room he had been in; a cheap, empty room with nothing for company but the dead, and with this still, silent sense: of things passed, of a human life transmogrified into a mess that needed clearing up. That was the pitiful reality of the end of life, the final consequence of actions, the fate tonight of Chakaravarti. Slowly he became aware of other things. The breeze leant on the window. Outside the dog barked on. On TV the girls played tongue tennis and pretended it was fun. With a final look around, he left them to it.
As he passed through the hallway he noticed a little red light: the LED of a telephone handset. It was a landline. He thought momentarily about ringing for an ambulance, or the police, decided that both would be unable to help Chakaravarti, and gave it up. It would only make things complicated. He left the front door open, wide enough for somebody to notice in daylight and want to investigate. There was little chance of that now. The curtains of Forty Hill were all closed. The wind was still up, blowing dry dust across the street. Something made a sound in the impenetrable blackness of the little copse. And the damned dog barked on, and on.


St Cloud headed back to the Leon, got in and drove away, minding the chicanes and the wing mirrors again. On the way out he passed another car entering the estate, this one even smarter than the others, a black Porsche 911. Smart cars and ugly houses: he wondered how long it would take the before someone noticed that the street was beginning to reek of something other than avarice. He imagined the wheels of death in motion: boots tripping up and down the staircase, smart young men with black ties scratching their heads and wondering if their fold-out trolley could stand the weight, and a couple of old, ghee-blown whales in Chapeltown or Chennai receiving unhappy news, rueing half-remembered indulgences - a litany of laxity, a boy with the Bhagavad-Gita on too loose a leash. A grabbing life had ended in too much coke and poke. It was all pretty straightforward.
Until he phoned Clarissa Daniels, that was. 
‘Can you speak? Or do you want to get your husband?’
‘He’s not here.’ She was a little breathless. ‘Do you have it – the flash drive?’
‘No.’
‘Oh. Why – ’
‘It’s a little complicated, Mrs Daniels. Mr Chakaravarti doesn’t appear to still be in a position to trade.’
‘He won’t sell it? Not even for – ’
He broke in, ‘It’s not that he won’t sell it. More that he can’t.’
‘Why not?’
‘I don’t know. And you’d have to get a medium to ask him.’
‘What – is he – ?’
‘As a dodo.’
‘Oh.’ She breathed out. ‘My God, how – I mean – ’
‘Suicide. Well, accident – suicide.’
He let her do a bit of heavy breathing and a few “My God”s and “Oh”s, the kind women do when they hear of a nasty death. After a while she fell silent. He said,
‘You’ll hate me for saying this, Mrs Daniels, but when you’ve slept on it you might wake up with a smile on your face. You didn’t need to buy that flash drive after all. You could have had an easier week than you did, if you’d had a crystal ball.’
‘Perhaps.’ She sounded distracted.
‘I should charge you for my time of course – ’
She said quickly, ‘Yes, of course.’
‘But I’m pretty much like those ambulance-chasers you get on the television. No-win-no-fee.’
She said suddenly:
‘Did you look for it?’
He paused. ‘For what?’
‘For the flash drive, of course. Didn’t you look for it?’
‘No, I didn’t.’ He asked, half-amused: ‘Why would I do that?’
She paused, then said: ‘He’s got it, hasn’t he? And you were meant to get it back for us.’
St Cloud gritted his teeth.
‘No, Mrs Daniels, I didn’t look for it. I kind of had other things to consider. Like getting the hell out of there.’
She said: ‘You could go back and get it.’
‘Now, look – ’
‘Yes. You’ll simply have to. You’ll simply have to go back and get it.’
‘That’s ridiculous.’
She said breathlessly, ‘I mean it. Please. You must do that for me.’
St Cloud looked out through the windshield. Cars buzzed along the A10, simple people going simple places. He envied them. 
He said into the phone,
‘You must want that thing pretty badly.’
‘You know I do. Didn’t I tell you so?’
‘Because of your mistake?’
She paused. ‘Yes. Because of that. I don’t intend to go through it again.’
St Cloud considered this, considered how hungry he was, considered Bonnie at home, considered his position.
He said finally: ‘That five grand cheque your husband gave me to pay Chakaravarti.’
‘It’s yours. Yours if you can get it back for us.’
‘I ought to charge you ten. Or fifteen. Chakaravarti was going to.’ He looked back at the road, and at the night, and then said, ‘Okay.’
‘You’ll do it?’
‘I suppose so. I’ve been around there once. I don’t suppose a second visit could do any harm. But listen – ’
‘I’m listening.’
‘I’m not turning the place over. I’ll tell you why. The police work like this: when they find a dead body the local Detective Inspector comes out and tries his absolute damnedest to find it suspicious. That way he gets these special people from the murder squad to come along and deal with it, and he goes home to a nice warm bed. Right now this looks like one of those that Detective Inspector will hate – straightforward natural causes and one he can’t make a song and dance about. But in my experience he doesn’t need much of an excuse to be nervous. And any sign of a ransacking is more than enough of an excuse.’
‘But you said – ’
‘Listen. I’ll have a look around – a careful one - and see if I can turn it up. But if I come up blank, don’t be too disappointed.’
She said in a rush, ‘Thank you. You don’t know how much that could mean to me.’
He said, ‘Listen. First of all I’m going to get some dinner. All this could take some time. So don’t wait up. I’ll call you in the morning.’
He cut the call, and fired up the engine.


He had a cheeseburger and fries from a fast food joint further up the A10. The cheese was the shade of orange you see on running vests, and the burger was pinker than Tito. He washed it down with hot, sugary coffee and tried pretending he was somewhere nicer. It didn’t work. So he headed back to Forty Hill.
This time there were a few less cars, and fewer of the houses were lit. It was all a lot quieter than earlier. Even the dog had stopped barking, either because it had an epiphany and seen the pointlessness of the whole thing, or because somebody had got fed up and killed it. He parked behind the Peugeot again, and opened the boot of the Leon. He put on a pair of gloves and grabbed a torch. The front door was just as he had left it earlier in the evening. He played the torch beam over the empty hallway and the staircase.
Somewhere ahead it reflected in glass, a little white circle dancing in the night. 
He stepped in to the living room, now lit only by the TV standby light. He played over it with his torch, didn’t see a safe, nor any kind of cupboard or drawer unit, so he went opposite into the dining room. Here there was a large dresser with two wide drawers, which caught his interest for a while. But neither was locked, and on investigation the contents turned out to be innocuous: utility bills, parking fines, bank statements, all in three-folded papers and in no particular order. All the documents were in the name of SVS Chakaravarti, at the Forty Hill address. St Cloud had a skim through them. The parking fines were all around Mare Street. The bills were the usual incompetent mixture of undercharge and overcharge, that arrangement that helps your energy conglomerate drill for interest and leak a lot less of it than it does oil. The statements didn’t show very much money going in, or coming out, certainly not the sort of amounts that would found a case for blackmail. As for the balance, well, he didn’t expect a Pavarotti-style wrangle over the will.
The kitchen, other than the mess, didn’t have a lot of things going on. There was a mangy looking cat whining outside the window. St Cloud ignored it and searched the kitchen units. These were either empty or contained crockery or cooking pans. There was a drawer of papers below the sink, which took him a little time, but most of these turned out to be thick instruction books for the appliances, industrial drivel in seven languages, guarantees and insurance certificates. In the drawer below this was a menagerie of the mundane – screwdrivers, pens, clothes pegs. It looked like the waste disposal of a pound shop. St Cloud had a quick trawl through it but soon gave up. He couldn’t say Clarissa Daniels’s flash drive wasn’t in there, but he hadn’t found it and he didn’t have three weeks to look properly. He thought briefly about going out to the garden but decided that was no go. So he gave up and went up the stairs.
The laundry basket had a pile of clothes on top, but these were recently laundered and all the pockets were empty. Next to it was a large cardboard box, which just had some tat, including a couple of old computer magazines. St Cloud flicked through them. They were the kind that have a free CD sellotaped to the front and a picture of a half-clad woman on the front, a woman about a hundred times prettier than anybody the average subscriber has ever had sex with. There was nothing hidden or written in the magazines. After a while he got bored and threw them back in the box. He had a quick glance at the bathroom, which didn’t help any, so he took the front bedroom. Inside there was a single, unmade bed and a few home comforts including a PC and a Playstation. He played over them inch by inch with the torch. There were no flash drives attached to either. He thought about powering up the PC but decided against it. Somebody might want to look at it to turn up the name of a dealer, or a suicide note. Next to the Playstation was a bunch of games, all piled high. He picked one up. It was one of those ridiculous sword-and-sorcery efforts involving a cartoon warrior-woman with a pencil waist and basketballs for breasts, and some goblins and other shit like that. He put it back, and turned to the bed, where there was a pile of clothes including a pair of outsize jeans. In one of the pockets he found a wallet, which had a small amount of cash and some credit cards. There was a little fold of what could be heroin, but was probably just khat, in the purse section. He put the wallet back. In the other pocket he found something more interesting: a key to the car. He took it and went back down the stairs.
Once outside he had a good look for CCTV and nosy parkers, didn’t see evidence of either, so crossed to the Peugeot and opened up the passenger door. Once inside he shut the door and cut off the interior light, and clicked on the torch instead. He remembered Chakaravarti’s routine of earlier in the day, and pulled down the sun visor. There wasn’t anything there, so he felt around the top. At first he found nothing but he pushed his fingernails behind the vanity mirror and prised it off. Sellotaped to the reverse was a little steel key, which he slid out, and tried in the glove box. It fitted nicely, and he gave it a turn.
It was full of old bits of plastic, pens, cigarettes. There wasn’t obviously any coke but St Cloud would have put reasonable money on traces of it covering everything. At the bottom was a clear document sleeve, the kind of thing that excites a certain kind of teenage girl more than Zac Efron in jockeys. It contained a sheath of papers, and there was a little bulge at the bottom: sure enough, it was a flash drive, a little black plastic job with a rotating section that, once spun around with a fingernail, revealed a USB prong. He had a careful look to see if anything had been scratched or written on it, but it hadn’t, so he spun it back, put it back in the sleeve and pulled out the sheets of paper. One was a computer printout in a format that was surprisingly familiar: a police crime report. The other was a newspaper cutting. He had a quick scan through both, didn’t see anything that mentioned Clarissa Daniels or what might be on the flash drive, so he put them back in the sleeve as well. He folded the sleeve up and put it in his jacket pocket alongside the Daniels’ uncashed cheque. Then he locked the glove box, returned the steel key to the sellotape behind the mirror, stuck the mirror to the visor, and got out of the car. He had a look up the road. It was still empty.
He headed back up the stairs and returned the keys to the pocket of the jeans. Then he stepped out into the hallway.
Something was wrong.
There was no blue light dancing beneath the door of the other bedroom.
He gripped the torch and turned the handle. 


The first thing he noticed was that the television was off. 
The second thing was that the curtains, which he had left open, were now firmly shut.
The third thing was Chakaravarti.


The fat man was naked. There was no plastic next to the body, no red tube digging into his back. There was no blood coming out of the nose, and no folds of vomit anywhere to be seen. Across the chest lay the flabby arms, now bound tightly together at the wrists with grey industrial tape, cuffed so tight that the skin was riding above the binding and beginning to slough off. The ankles were bound in the same fashion. The eyes might still have had their glassy look, but St Cloud wouldn’t have known. These too were covered by another brutal length of tape. There was a final length around the mouth; this one looked like it had been wound over three or four times, a hideous operation that had stuck the tongue fast to the underside.
An inch or two above the tape on the right side of the temple was a rusty little hole, the kind of hole St Cloud had seen many times before. It was the hole a 9mm short makes when it hits a head at close range. The opposite side of the skull was broken, flappy and sickly wet. There didn’t seem to be an exit hole.
St Cloud clicked the light switch on. Everything was as different as could be. The wardrobes, which had been open, were shut fast. All Chakaravarti’s clothes, the bedclothes, even the cushion covers and pillowcases, all had gone. Apart from the grotesque mound of flesh on the bed, trussed up like a rotten chicken, it was one of the cleanest rooms St Cloud had ever been in. He stepped carefully around the bed. Nobody had been careless enough to leave a roll of duct tape, or a cartridge case, or a smoking gun behind on the floor. The floor was so clean it looked like somebody had passed a vacuum cleaner over it. About halfway between the bed and the TV there was a small, deep, round indentation in the carpet, about half an inch across. At first he thought it might be another bullet hole, but when he passed a finger across it the carpet rose slowly back to its normal level. He ran a hand over the surrounding area and found another such indentation, about a foot to the left, and another almost underneath the foot of the bed. He spent a few minutes looking for more of them, but didn’t find any. So he got to his feet, and looked back at the body on the bed. Chakaravarti was still old, cold news. That at least was the same as before. Nothing else was interesting.
Nothing except the fact somebody had decided to murder a man who was already dead.


He descended the stairs then felt around the hall and found the landline handset and dialled 999. There was the tinny sound of a woman’s voice asking the usual questions. He cut the call and dropped the handset on the floor. Then he went out and shut the front door behind him. A couple of odd memories came: a sound in the copse of willows earlier when he had left the house; and a black Porsche he had passed on the way out of the estate. He had a quick look up and down the street. There was no Porsche parked up. In the dark copse nothing stirred.


Bonnie asked, ‘What’s that?’
St Cloud looked up. ‘I didn’t hear you get up.’
She wore only a shirt. It was an old one of his. It came down almost to her knees, and against her pale skin it looked like a Bedouin rug. ‘I couldn’t sleep. What’s the time?’
‘Half past ten.’
‘I thought it must be early. What are you doing up?’
‘I fancied some coffee. Want something to eat?’
‘No.’
He caught her tone. Sometimes finding out how Bonnie was feeling could take him a month and a £100-an-hour psychiatrist. Today that little empty “no” did all the work for him.
‘Bonnie,’ he said softly. ‘Honey – ’
‘Don’t.’
‘Don’t what?’
‘Don’t “honey” me like that.’
‘But – ’
‘Michael, leave it.’ She walked into the kitchen, and started filling the kettle. She asked in a tired voice: ’What’s that you’re reading?’
‘A newspaper cutting. I found it in a dead man’s glove box.’
‘Right.’ Bonnie could accept any piece of information without murmur. It was one of her great strengths. The drawback was that nobody could use an old-fashioned surprise to change anything, such as her mood. ‘Was this what you were up to, last night?’
‘In a manner of speaking.’
‘Who’s the dead man?’
‘A big fat piece of cheese called Chakaravarti.’
‘Did you know him?’
‘I met him for the first time yesterday afternoon.’
‘Oh. Did you like him?’
It was very Bonnie, to ask that. 
‘I told him to go and fuck his mother up the arse.’
She sighed.
‘It’s no wonder you don’t have any friends.’
The kettle clicked off, and she poured a coffee, without offering him one. He heard the refrigerator door slam. After a while she came back in the room with a slice of toast. She didn’t offer him one of those, either. She sat down opposite him, legs firmly closed. ‘Who killed him?’
‘He did.’
‘Oh. Does that mean suicide?’
‘Accident.’
‘Oh. What kind?’
‘The hokey-cokey.’ 
‘That’s unfortunate.’
He thought her beautifully compassionate, and told her so. ‘The Daily Mail should employ you as a leader writer – to offset their otherwise brutal tone.’ He put the papers to one side and looked at her, curiously. ‘Bonnie?’
‘What?’
‘Are you actually interested?’
She snapped, ‘Not likely,’ and munched her toast. She had very pretty white teeth, and coffee and toast and cold eyes didn’t make any difference to them. She added:
‘Not unless it starts paying the bills.’
‘Damn it. Back to that again?’
‘We can’t go on like this, Michael.’ 
He got up from lying down, and sat properly on the sofa. ‘Unfortunately not everybody shares your point of view.’
‘About us not going on like this?’
‘About the fat man’s death being unfortunate. There’s a couple in Wanstead, for example, that won’t mourn his passing. He had his teeth into them and wasn’t ready to let go.’
‘What had they done to deserve that?’
‘They’re in a mess. That’s clear, at least. Quite how they got into it is a lot less clear. The man is a cuckold and the woman is a dish. Between them they tell you so many lies you don’t know whether you’re coming or going.’
‘Oh well,’ she said. ‘It’s probably good for them that he’s dead. And good for him that nobody had to kill him.’
‘Yes.’ He tried to compute that, but it wasn’t smooth.
‘Does that mean you can forget about it and stop going on wild goose chases?’
‘No.’
She sighed, and her head shook a little, like it always did when she was mad at him. St Cloud said,
‘Do you want to know why it’s a “no”?’
‘No.’
Unabashed, he said: ‘Because actually somebody did still have to kill him – kind of. After I found him dead, I went back and had a bit more of a poke around. And I found out that in between my visits, somebody else had been there. And that person had decided get rid of all his clothes, gag him with some kind of gaffer tape, bind his wrists and ankles, and then shoot him through the head. Long after he was dead, we are talking about. So what was a straightforward suicide-accident now looks remarkably like a murder.’
She said sourly, ‘Why would somebody want to do that?’
‘That beats the life out of me. Even if it didn’t out of him. Pun intended.’
She didn’t like puns. She pursed her lips.
‘Did they think he was still alive, then?’
‘Hardly. He was colder than you’re being this morning.’
She carried on eating her toast. He went back to reading through the newspaper cutting. Then she said,
‘Maybe somebody doesn’t want the police to think it’s a suicide. I read once suicides miss out on life insurance.’
‘They miss out on a lot of things, such as old age, bed baths and sickly regret.’ He put the newspaper cutting down again. ‘But that doesn’t work, either. The minute the police arrived that theory would be shot – no pun intended. Even if the locals thought that, by the time any proper scene work got done it’d be blown. Say what you want about my former colleagues, none of them would think for a second that the bullet hole – or the binding of the tape, for that matter – could possibly be ante- or peri-mortem.’
‘What does ante- or peri-mortem mean?’
‘Before or during death.’
She finished her toast. A fly settled on the plate. She half-heartedly waved it away, and asked, ‘Why’s that?’
‘When you injure someone after they’re dead, the body doesn’t behave the same way. There’s no blood flow, so you don’t bruise. And then you get decomposition effects. The vessels lose their strength, then the blood sort of stodges up in them and goes a kind of brown colour, and smells extremely bad. So you can see a shot to the head after death is never going to look like a shot that killed anyone. Inside, the blood vessels – ’
‘Okay, Michael.’
‘I’m boring you now. These conversations always used to go like this.’
‘It’s not that.’
‘No?’
She put the plate down with a bang, and looked him in the eye. ‘No. It’s just that the reason we used to have these conversations is because that’s what you used to do. So it was okay to have them. But now, it isn’t.’
‘Why not?’
‘Because the ’fridge is empty. Because one of us has to go to the shops, and I for one don’t have any cash. Mostly because nobody pays you any more to skulk around dead bodies and look at their bullet wounds and talk about ante-mortem this or post mortem that.’
‘That’s a good word, “skulk”.’
‘Don’t change the subject.’
‘You’re wrong, actually.’ She got up and went to the kitchen, but he continued anyway. ‘Mr and Mrs Daniels paid me to skulk around that body, as you put it, yesterday.’
She didn’t say anything to that. He added lamely:
‘Well, actually they paid me to do a little more than just skulk.’
Thirty seconds went by. She spent twenty-nine of them looking mean as hell. Then she said, ‘Okay, why did somebody do it? Shoot him after he was dead?’
He sighed. ‘I don’t know. Perhaps somebody hates me and wants my life to be more complicated than it already is.’
‘I hate you.’
‘You don’t mean that.’
‘Anyway, you like your life to be complicated.’
‘I have some limits.’
‘Well, it doesn’t have to be complicated now, does it?’
‘I think it does, actually. Have a look at this.’ He passed her the newspaper cutting. ‘I went hunting for something that the Daniels couple wanted to get back. It was a little flash drive thing, a memory stick – you know, like you get with computers. I looked pretty much everywhere before I found it in the glove box of his car. The newspaper article was with it. This was, too.’ He handed her the crime report. ‘It’s a print out from the police crime report system. They aren’t very easy to read. The allegation is on the front, the address is on the second page, then you get the VIW business – sorry, that’s victims, informants and witnesses – some suspects stuff and then the DETS – the details of the investigation.’
She flicked through it, disinterested. ‘Why’s it blank?’
‘Because it’s a homicide. If you look on the front page you’ll see it written there. They close off homicide crime reports and don’t let anyone put anything on them. That’s because they go on to HOLMES accounts. You’re glazing over. I know what you’re going to say. It’s not your world.’
‘No. I was going to say, it’s not yours, not any more.’
He fell silent. She looked down at the pieces of paper in her hand, and then back up at him.
‘I’m sorry, Michael, I shouldn’t have said that. And I shouldn’t have said that thing about you always leaving me last night. It wasn’t fair.’
He said, ‘It’s okay,’ in a quiet voice.
She came and sat next to him, and brushed his cheek with her lips. He reached out and buried her head in his chest. They always did that. Bonnie could spend hours buried in his chest, eyes closed.
‘Michael, we don’t have to talk about the accident, not again, not now.’
‘It wasn’t an accident.’
‘What do you want me to call it, then?’
‘I don’t know. A decision. An event.’
‘We don’t have to talk about it. But we do have to talk about your work. I mean this work, this stuff you’re doing. It must have been funny to be back in that world again, dead bodies, shootings, all that sort of thing. But you don’t do that anymore. And you only used to go to those places because you did the clever things, the things other people couldn’t do. Not just fishing around for pieces of paper in glove boxes. That’s not you, Michael. You’ve got to get proper work, work you’re good at doing.’
He said simply, ‘But nobody wants me to. Not anymore.’
‘No.’ She closed her eyes again.
He lifted a hand, and stroked her hair.
‘Bonnie, there’s something in these things, these pieces of paper. There must be, if Chakaravarti kept them hidden where he did.’ His hand left her hair and picked up the report. ‘All it says is that it was a murder back in April of a man called Samuels – ’ he flicked through it – ‘Marlon Samuels. Doesn’t say anything else except there’s one witness and an address – Mrs Pamela Rodmartin, 32 Colthurst Square N16. Which is the same street as the murder.’
‘You’re not listening to me.’
‘The rest is on the HOLMES acc – ‘
‘Michael.’
She jerked her head away and looked at him, a piercing look through those light blue eyes. 
He said, ‘Wait, let me finish. The newspaper cutting is something different. It’s really odd, this. All it is some tiny story from the Newham Recorder saying that some local councillor called Malahide is running for a seat on the GLA. I thought it might be something on the back. But that’s just some adverts, three of which are in different typefaces but clearly all advertising the same pseudo psychic, tarot readings, that sort of crap.’
She said sourly, ‘Maybe someone wanted to speak to the psychic. Like that Hitchcock film – Frenzy.’
‘Family Plot,’ he corrected.
She looked daggers at him.
He continued:
‘I could go and speak to this councillor, or find out about the murder.’ 
‘Damn you, Michael, listen to me.’
‘These things were important to Chakaravarti. I know that because of where he kept them. There’s something in this, really there is. And Bonnie – even if there’s no money in it for us, I have to do something. Actually do something. I don’t have a job. I don’t like TV, I don’t read books or listen to music any more, I can’t afford the cinema. We don’t even get invited to parties these days.’
‘We’re invited to one on Sunday, as it happens.’
‘A swine-flu party?’
‘No, silly, a proper one. Saskia’s.’
‘That’s good.’ He hated Saskia. But at least he got a little smile out of her. ‘And you know me, Bonnie. I can’t sit still for an hour, let alone for days on end. This is something for me to do. And just maybe there is some money in it, after all. Mrs Daniels is positively wetting her pants to get that flash drive back. So that’s jam for a start. And I have a theory about these other things. I’d say it was the fat man’s blackmail stash. Why else would he keep it where he did, with the flash drive? The people in here – that councillor, the murder victim’s family – they might well be happy to see the end of Chakaravarti too. And they might be grateful to be released from purgatory.’
Bonnie said tiredly, ‘They might not thank you, even if there was any purgatory. And I know you, Michael. You won’t even ask for anyone’s money. They’ll just say thanks very much and we’ll still be penniless.’
‘We’re not penniless yet.’
‘Look in the ’fridge and see if you still say that.’ She stood up. ‘What’s on this flash drive thing that’s so valuable, anyway?’
‘I’ll find out soon enough. I’m charging that old laptop of mine.’
‘Won’t your Wanstead woman be cross that you looked at it?’
‘I consider it a quality assurance check.’
‘She’ll consider it nosy.’ She unbuttoned the shirt.
He finished off the last two buttons. ‘It’ll probably be password protected, anyway.’
She took off the shirt. He placed a hand on her hip, and then ran it over her stomach to the other side. It wasn’t a long journey. She put her hand over his, and held it.
She said, ‘I’m getting in the shower.’
He pressed her. ‘Am I forgiven?’
‘No.’ But she clutched at his fingers, all the same.


It wasn’t password protected. But it was blank.


St Cloud called Clarissa Daniels, and told her he had the flash drive. He kept pretty much to the bare bones. He didn’t say anything about anybody being bound and gagged and shot through the temple, about dents in the carpet, or sounds in the trees. 
She sounded relieved.
‘When can you get it to me?’
He lied, ‘I’m a little busy today.’
‘But I must have it, really I must.’
‘You’ll get it. Tomorrow, maybe.’
‘That’s too late.’
‘Like I say, I’m a little busy.’
‘Tonight. It must be tonight.’
He gave it up. ‘Okay. Shall I come to the house? Or will your husband be there?’
She purred, ‘It wouldn’t matter if he was.’
‘The house it is, then.’
‘No. Somewhere else.’
‘Man alive.’ He expelled air. ‘Whatever. I’ll meet you at the New Globe by Mile End. It’s a straight run down the Central Line for you.’
‘Seven o’clock?’
‘Eight.’
First Bonnie and now Clarissa Daniels. It was a hell of a morning for dealing with women.


He drove out of Cadiz Street and up towards the Elephant. The new flats rose like a white-gloved finger into the cool blue sky. Next to its sleekness the dismal buildings below looked like beds in a nursing home, one where the only exit turns out to be the one with the flowers. Green weeds grew through the yellow concrete of the nearly abandoned Heygate estate. A couple of kids played football on the brown patch in the middle while a couple of social workers went up to view the remains of their parents. St Cloud took the road out of the estate and parked up by the back entrance to the station. On the pavement somebody enterprising from the council – somebody with a nice idea – had written a few lines from Robert Frost in chalk. It was almost rubbed through by a hundred scuffing soles. In the Elephant that’s pretty much what happens to nice ideas. 
The shopping centre is, to most people, the Elephant. Quite what constituted the Elephant before the shopping centre is unclear: all that exists outside is a town hall, a figure-of-eight roundabout system, and strange dystopian structures built with Arts Council grants in the 1980s. The centre is in its own way a wondrous, complex, life-affirming thing. It doesn’t make the Lonely Planet or the Guide Bleu, but it’s as much a part of the weave of the city as any Georgian square or cathedral crypt or superannuated Ferris wheel. All real Londoners know it. Some of them find it amusing, some find it frightening, and some find it filthy. But nobody finds it samey, nobody ever says, “it’s just like this place or that place” or some other shopping mall in some other city. And there are no Hard Rock Cafés or Planet Hollywoods or any of that shit. Nobody knows when it was built, only that it is always about to be pulled down. Outside it used to be pansy-pink, which made everybody who had to look at it whine. Somebody in an unusually pacifying mood repainted it: now it’s a mixture of scraped paint the colour of a whore’s lipstick and scratchy concrete – which all goes to show that you shouldn’t complain too quickly about things that are pansy-pink. Inside it’s a spectrum of dun colours, from burnt sienna on the ceilings to a kind of raw umber on the walls. It smells physically of spices and sweat and ephemerally of poverty and the winds of change. The shops are a haphazard collection of immigrant postcards – Slavic cafés, African grocers, Caribbean chicken shacks - all with their own money joints and skype booths. At one end a branch of a much-hated bank lends a white man’s respectability, while at the other a betting shop drags its knuckles back to old, nasty days: permanently boarded windows and blinking booth-workers tell silent tales of smack-heads with shotguns, of the covetous young and their shaking yellow trigger-fingers. Next to this is a hairdressers called “Lonnie’s International”; its window provides a neat urban tableau, with skittish children, braying mothers and sweeping dolls – arranged like Manet once did a picnic in a French garden. Between all these beauties are wide corridors, chopped through with broken escalators like M.C. Escher might have drawn if he’d lived longer and more down-at-heel. Above, below and around the escalators the space is filled with market stalls, where tough young mixed-race women sell cheap plastic jewellery, hair braiding kits, and other churn from some Chinese hothouse. This spaced-out market sprawls out of the doors and on to the mouth of a series of tunnels by which you can navigate the subterranean world beneath the roundabouts – if you have the appropriate senses of direction, fearlessness, and your own pitiful inconsequence.
St Cloud wandered through this lovely hive and found a small kiosk just inside the doors. It wasn’t exactly the kind of place you would get on a suburban high street, being dedicated to buying stolen phones, selling fake ones and unblocking the rest; but it looked right enough for his purposes. An Asian boy with an oily Mohican chewed gum to a bhangra beat in front of a rack of plastic-wrapped computer accessories. St Cloud found a likely looking flash drive and asked to have a better look. More gum got chewed. He spun the middle section around with his fingernail. It was identical to the one he had found last night, so he bought it.
He wondered if Clarissa Daniels would put it on expenses.
In the middle of the place, on the ground floor, there is a strange café cum fast food joint called “Sundial”, a curious name, for the sun never reaches it even on late summer afternoons; it is lit like a factory and serves every kind of meal from a murgh masala to a Mars Bar. St Cloud went in and sat and watched the world go by. After a while he took the newspaper cutting and the crime report out of his pocket, and gave them another read. First the tarot readers: they were all in Plaistow or Forest Gate, and it looked an obvious con. He wondered who would be so desperate as to cold-call such people, decided someone must to justify having no less than three adverts under different names, and turned it over to concentrate on the flipside. “Much-loved councillor aims for City Hall” was the headline. Beneath this was a black and white photograph of an old bird with a shiny forehead and smooth black hair shaking lots of hands, and grinning like a shark. The story ran that Stratford councillor Henry Malahide was running for a seat on the Greater London Authority. In the corner of the cutting was the date, about a month before. It all looked old-fashioned and extremely peripheral, the kind of thing you get in a local paper on the last proper page before the furniture advertisements and the coded personals for local toms. He read it through again, and gave up with it. Then he took out the crime report and gave that another quick flick. There was no mention here of any council officials, nor even Stratford – the venue of the murder was Colthurst Square N16, which was Stoke Newington. The date, too, was out of sync: it was a good two months before the newspaper story had been written. Beyond that, there wasn’t a lot to read. Murder, method shooting; the name and address of Rodmartin, the witness; the name, date of birth and CRO number of Samuels, the victim. It wasn’t much to read, and it didn’t take him very long.
Stoke Newington wasn’t a million miles away from Chakaravarti’s pit in Silesia Buildings. But it was a long way from Stratford Council, and even further from Wanstead Park Avenue. Chakaravarti’s pond was pretty big, and his net was spread wide.
St Cloud wasn’t meeting Clarissa Daniels until 8 o’clock. An empty day spread out in front of him. He decided to try and catch some fish.


He drove across the Elephant as far as Long Lane, took the Jamaica Road and dropped into the Rotherhithe, that narrow little pipe with its hazy, polluted air and ancient little corners. When he emerged he headed right along Commercial Road, all the way to where it became a three-lane highway. St Cloud liked this stretch: you surf over and under the surrounding streets on a big wave, faster than any other quarter of London. Below the park stretched out. A long line of cranes, like saluting soldiers, stood over the half-demolished buildings of Watergate Lane. St Cloud summoned memories: of using it as a short cut across London during endless night duties, of a dead tramp there early one Sunday morning, of a night raid which turned up a gangster’s armoury in the eaves of one of the old factories. It was all going to be buried – under a million pairs of trainers, under PA-piped anthems, under this heady mixture of asphalt and gold. 
Stratford Council occupied an old-world grand building on the south side of the one-way system, opposite the glassy new station, boasting quick trains to St Pancras and the Gare du Nord, both of which seemed a million miles away from this concrete dickwad of a place. He left the Leon on a yellow outside the building with an old sign in the window he should have long ago given back to the Met. Inside there was a wide desk and a woman sat behind. She was about fifty, and square-boned, the kind of woman Victorians called handsome, but everybody since has called pug-ugly. She asked:
‘Can I help you?’
‘Yes. I wonder if it would be possible to see Councillor Malahide.’
‘Do you have an appointment?’
‘No.’
‘Councillor Malahide does have a busy schedule – ’
‘I’m sure. Look, I know you’d be doing me a favour, and I’d appreciate it. I would very much like to see him.’
She looked at him and gave a nice smile. He wished more women still gave him that smile, especially those twenty years younger than this one.
‘Well, I don’t really know. If it’s a planning matter you’ll have to see the Planning Officer first.
‘It isn’t to do with planning. It’s personal.’
‘Oh.’
He smiled firmly at her, looked to the top of her head, and then at her body. Then he smiled again. It wouldn’t have fooled anybody rational, but people aren’t rational about themselves.
‘I can’t say too much more.’
‘Well, Councillor Malahide is in conference at present – ’
‘I can wait, if need be. Like I say, it’s a personal matter. I’m sure you – you will understand.’
She melted, like plain Janes always do when a big man does sex talk.
‘Well, he’s on the second floor. There’s a lobby area there where you can wait. I have to give you some identification, though. What did you say your name was?’
‘I didn’t. But it’s St Cloud. “Saint” as in holy and “Cloud” as in silver lining. Michael.’
‘Thank you – Michael.’ She wrote out a visitor’s pass. He wondered whether to say she had nice hands, but he thought that was gilding the lily. She handed over the pass and smiled again. He nodded and walked up to the second floor. She was as good as her word: there was a little seating area with cushions with a water-cooler and a window with a view over the town and the rest of East London beyond. Away on the horizon he could see the old mental hospital at the top of Pancake Hill, now turned into luxury flats: a silk purse out of a sow’s ear. He turned and looked at the rest of the scene. It was the world’s biggest sow’s ear, and the world’s biggest silk purse was being woven under his very eyes. From behind him came a sound, and he turned.
There was a raised voice in the office, but the words were indistinguishable.
St Cloud turned back to the view, and looked at the Leon parked on the yellow line. There were no wardens in sight. Then, as his eye traversed the street, he saw something that made him start. Parked about a hundred yards in front of him was a black Porsche 911, identical to the one he had seen the night before. He did a mental calculation of the black Porsches between here and Forty Hill, and decided it might be a dozen at the most.
From the office came a cry, angry and desperate. Then there came a flurry of words, of two overlapping voices with the venom of temper behind them. There was a crack, and then the sound of shouts superimposed over one another.
The door flew open and a man of thirty came out. He had curly hair, scruffy-yet-expensive jeans, wide blue eyes and a pouty mouth. He might have been a rock singer or a grubby chancer. He threw a glance at St Cloud and then strode off down the stairs. A moment later a second man appeared, a man St Cloud would have vaguely recognised from the newspaper cutting. Only this time he wasn’t grinning like a shark: he looked flustered and a little perplexed. He went back into his office and shut the door. A moment or two later the door opened again and he reappeared. He said, ‘Can I help you?’
St Cloud said: ‘Councillor Malahide?’
‘Yes.’ The man looked curiously at him.
‘I have an appointment.’
‘Really? I didn’t think I – ’
‘It’s something of a personal matter. My name is Michael St Cloud. They told me downstairs I could see you.’
‘Oh. Well, what is it?’
‘Can we go inside your office?’
‘If it’s a planning matter, then – ’
‘It’s not about planning. I explained that to the lady downstairs. Like I say, it’s personal.’
The councillor furrowed his brow and said, ‘Well, come in, then.’
St Cloud was ushered into a large office with a broad, old-fashioned desk, and a comfortable chair either side of it. On top of the desk were various neat piles of paper, a blue ring file, a laptop computer, and a large brown envelope open with the corner of a piece of card showing. The envelope said “Cllr Malahide” in capitals and no address. Apart from the envelope everything was neat and tidy, like a soldier’s billet. All around the room were dotted certificates of achievement, portrait photographs of old-fashioned dignitaries, and the like.
St Cloud sat down. Malahide picked up the brown envelope, and put it into the bottom drawer of his desk. Then he looked up and said, ‘Well, what is it?’
‘Do you know a man called Chakaravarti?’
Malahide adopted a puzzled look, then said. ‘No, I don’t think so. Should I?’
‘I don’t know.’
‘Well, then. Why do you ask?’
‘He was a messenger. People didn’t always like the messages he gave them. Had you ever come into contact with him professionally?’
‘What was the name?’
‘Chakaravarti.’
‘I don’t recognise it.’
But his eyes flickered too much.
St Cloud said: ‘You’re sure about that?’
‘Unless he submitted a planning application, of course. I’ve been a councillor here for twenty years. I can’t remember the names of all the applicants. They’ll be in the files, though.’
St Cloud chewed this over. ‘What about a boy called Samuels? Marlon Samuels? Sixteen at the time of his death.’
Malahide’s eyes widened. ‘At the time of his – ’
‘He was shot dead in Stoke Newington about three months ago.’
‘I know nothing of that.’ Malahide narrowed his eyes. ‘Mr St Cloud, would you perhaps explain who you are? I don’t remember having made any appointment with you.’
‘I represent a couple called Daniels in Wanstead. I don’t expect you’ve heard of them, either.’
Malahide shook his head. ‘Wanstead doesn’t come under this area. That’s Redbridge council.’
St Cloud ignored this, dug into his pockets, and pulled out the newspaper cutting. He passed it to Malahide, who read it, turned it over, looked at the tarot adverts, turned it back again, and handed it to St Cloud. He remarked: ‘It’s a story in the local paper last month, about my campaign to run for the GLA.’
‘Yes. Let me explain. Mr and Mrs Daniels engaged me to represent them in their dealings with a man called Chakaravarti, operating out of a dingy little place in Hackney. It appears that this Chakaravarti was blackmailing them. He’d got hold of some material about somebody they knew, and was going to use it against them, unless they paid him off. Luckily for them they managed to get the material back before any harm could come of it. I found that material for them. And where I found that material, Councillor – a place that was obviously secret and dear to our blackmailing friend Chakaravarti – I also found this newspaper cutting about you. And some stuff about young Samuels’ murder. I’m curious about these things. Why should Chakaravarti have such a cutting squirrelled away?’
Malahide said airily, ‘I’ve no idea.’
He made to stand.
‘Look, is this all you wanted – ’
‘Think hard, please Councillor. It seemed to me that a moment ago you seemed to recognise the name. I’ll say it again. Chakaravarti.’
Malahide said, ‘Don’t be ridiculous.’
‘Chakaravarti claimed to be a lawyer, acting for a firm called Alderson Law. Would you have had any dealings with them?’
Malahide carried on getting up. ‘None at all.’
‘For what it’s worth I’m not sure he’d ever taken any kind of bar exam. I think Chakaravarti was more of a nosy parker. He liked to interest himself in people’s behaviour.’
‘ Perhaps, you’d better leave now – ’
‘But not their good behaviour. Specifically, he liked to interest himself in their bad behaviour. When I say interest, I mean financial rather than prurient. In fact, I’d guess it was pretty much his primary source of income.’
Malahide shot him a cold look. ‘Are you insinuating something?’
‘Only if something’s worth insinuating.’
‘What do you mean?’
‘You might want to consider any bad behaviour Chakaravarti could have found out about you. I hear you’re chair of the planning committee. You haven’t been building yourself a conservatory you shouldn’t, for example?’
Malahide’s eyes bulged. ‘I take objection to that.’
‘I thought you would,’ said St Cloud cheerfully.
‘Look, I don’t know who you are, or what you think you are doing here, but I don’t have to justify myself to you. If you have an allegation of wrongdoing, you might as well come out and say so.’
‘Tell me,’ said St Cloud, unabashed, ‘do you drive a black Porsche sports car?’
Malahide said angrily, ‘What car I drive is none of your concern.’
‘And have you ever been to a place called Forty Hill? Up in the north of the city, near the motorway, off the A10?’
‘That’s enough.’ Malahide looked ready to burst. ‘If you’ve got a complaint against the council, or against me personally, then please make it via the proper channels. Which means in writing to the Chief Executive. If you haven’t – and I really don’t think you have – then please leave my office immediately. I have been a councillor here for twenty years and my record speaks for itself.’
‘That’s good. Because Chakaravarti can’t.’ He stood up. ‘Last night somebody tied him up with tape, gagged him, and shot him through the head.’
He looked down. Malahide’s eyes were dancing, his nostrils flared, his mouth gasping for air.
St Cloud said nastily:
‘Somebody who didn’t like his messages, I would guess.’
With a mighty effort, Malahide regained his poise.  
He snarled, ‘Get out. Before I have you thrown out.’
St Cloud got out. At the doorway he threw a glance back. Malahide stared at him. It was a manic stare, hot and cold by turns, and there was something driving it that might have been anger, or indigestion, but to St Cloud looked a hell of a lot like fear.
When he got to the street the black Porsche had disappeared. It had a habit of doing that.


He took the back roads of West Ham and Canning Town, with the sun in his eyes and a yellow Citroen in his rear-view mirror. He knew this part only slightly, and got lost. The yellow Citroen got lost, too. It was stretching a point for neither of them to have a sat-nav. He slowed for some lights and got a look at the driver: a black guy with short hair, sunglasses and a big, wide grin. He looked pretty benign. He threw a few stupid turns to see if this was the game, proved his concept accordingly, and pulled up. Sunny Jim behind did the same. They both sat in their cars for a moment, and then St Cloud got out and walked back to the other car. The driver’s window sank with a little purr. Sunny Jim had a cigarette poking out one side of his mouth. Without it moving very much, he said, ‘A pleasant good morning to you, sir,’ in that way that people do in the shanty mazes of Castries or St John’s.
St Cloud said, ‘Nice day for a drive.’
‘Like I say, a pleasant good morning.’
‘Didn’t I see you parked outside the council offices back there?’
On the back seat St Cloud could see a square, black bag and a half-full bottle of Old Jamaica. Sunny Jim moved his head in kind of a shake, which might also have been kind of a nod. ‘We all got business.’
St Cloud said, ‘Your car. Bit bright to be following somebody, don’t you think?’
‘Well as a matter of fact, it’s my pride and joy.’ Sunny Jim tapped the steering wheel proprietarily. ‘You want to buy it?’
‘Are you selling, then?’
‘If you like. She’s a beautiful friend.’ The tap on the steering wheel became a thumb caress, more apt for a thigh. ‘Good part of a thousand pounds, though, and we’d be talking.’ There was no “h” in “thousand”. It was the kind of pretty Caribbean lilt that could drive you to sleep, or drive you insane.
Sunny Jim took his sunglasses off. He had wide, bright eyes. 
St Cloud said, ‘You look familiar. Don’t I know you from somewhere?’
‘Man gets around.’
There were about a lot more syllables in that than Shakespeare would have intended.
St Cloud wasn’t to be shaken off. ‘I do know you. I recognise you.’ He thought hard, then said, ‘Weren’t you at the Met? The old Photographic Branch?’
The man nodded. ‘That’s right.’
‘Yes. Photographic Processing, isn’t that right?’
A photographic technician. St Cloud would never have known his name, even back then: one of a team of T-shirted droids, shouting conversations about nothing over the noise of the printing machines, taking a memory card and putting it through a machine. 
St Cloud said, ‘You remember me?’
Sunny Jim widened his eyes and gave a little head-shake.
St Cloud looked up the street. It was empty.
‘Listen, if you like we could jar about old times. It could go on for hours, and he wouldn’t know anything more save the price of fish.’ He leant further into the window. ‘Do you work for Councillor Malahide now? Did he ask you to follow me?’
That got just a big, broad smile.
‘Stratford Council know you’re on the payroll?’
That, a lot of lovely teeth.
‘What’s your boss got to hide?’
The steering wheel got stroked again. 
St Cloud said wearily, ‘Okay. Well, if you should happen by some strange chance to run into Mr Malahide, give him the following message from me. I don’t give a fuck what he says. I know he’s dirty, and he knows I know. I don’t like being followed around town, even if it is by an old friend in a pretty yellow car. If he wants me to lose interest and let him alone, he’s going the exact wrong way about it.’
Sunny Jim nodded happily and put the sunglasses back on. The window rose with another pretty purr. St Cloud went back to the Leon and edged back into the traffic. The Citroen followed for a while, and then turned off. St Cloud didn’t wave goodbye.


The New Globe is an odd place, a little too pricey for the QMU students who would call it their local, a little too semi-skimmed to compete with the Blind Beggar for the gangland-tourism crowd, and a little too far from the tube to catch casuals. Most weekdays it has a smattering of disparate groups: couples whose conversation needs a pilot light before dinner, young professionals miserably trawling Loot for affordable flats, and forlorn singletons who need to feel dry land before they go up west and get bored, or laid, or both. The place is dingy and dark, a smorgasbord of varnished wood, spilt drinks, and haggard barmaids. Every so often into this twenty-first century grotto comes a one-eyed man who tries to sell ladies’ coats by slashing the price from forty pounds to ten in the wink of an eye. Nobody buys them; but nobody quite tells him to fuck off, either. It’s that kind of place.
Clarissa Daniels was already there when St Cloud entered. She wore a white three-quarter length jacket with a polo-neck jumper underneath, and tight jeans and boots. There was a pair of sunglasses on top of her head that held back those loose curls like a harbour wall does a raging sea. She wore a little more rouge than before, a fine line of mascara, and dark red lipstick. She looked what she was – completely out of place. In front her was a glass of white wine, and the way she sipped at it suggested she didn’t much care for it. St Cloud bought a scotch and coke and sat opposite her. She looked down at her drink, and then back up at him. He was startled: there was something in her eyes, a strange, flickering tension, a sort of electricity.
She said in a rush:
‘Do you have it?’
He dug into his jacket pocket, and pulled out the flash drive. He twirled it in his fingers for a moment, then handed it across. She almost snatched it from him; then gave it the briefest of glances, and buried it deep in her handbag. After that, it was odds-on she’d never seen the original. He wondered how she could be so desperate to get back something she’d never seen. He wondered if she knew the original was blank. He wondered if she knew what it did, even. After a while he gave up wondering about these things, and drank the scotch and coke.
She put her handbag down on the floor. Her expression was a little different. There was still the electricity, only now it looked less like terror and more like monkey business. He reached again into his jacket pocket and pulled out the cheque Hugh Daniels had signed. Slowly and deliberately he wrote his name on the “Payee” line. She watched him do it, and said:
‘Five thousand pounds is a lot of commission. Don’t you think?’
‘You were offering more, I remember. Eleven, at one point.’
‘I was desperate.’
‘And you’re not now?’
‘No. The situation resolved itself.’
‘That’s one way of looking at it.’
‘There’s another?’
‘I’m looking at it from a position of risk. And if you ask me, it was a hell of a lot.’
‘Really?’ She took a long sip of her wine. ‘Because you came across a corpse? I’m surprised at that. I thought it was your line of business.’
‘Well, you’re not even half right. My line of business is a lot more sophisticated.’ You did the clever things, the things other people couldn’t do. Somebody had said that. It was Bonnie, of course. ‘And it’s not my line of business any more. But that’s not the point.’
‘It isn’t?’
‘No. I’ve only told you half the story.’
‘What’s the other half?’
‘I wasn’t the only one interested in visiting Chakaravarti last night. After I spoke to you on the phone, and your – desperation, let’s say – made me go back and have another dig around, somebody else went there. And that somebody rearranged the room, and the corpse, and they made it look a damned lot like a murder. In particular, they tied the guy up with industrial tape, gagged him and shot him through the head with an automatic pistol.’
She blanched. ‘What in God’s name are you talking about?’
‘It wasn’t you who did that, then?’
‘Me? What – I mean – ’
‘Well, at least you’re surprised. It shook me, I can tell you. And it gave me a lot to think over. Somebody followed me in. Perhaps that somebody saw me coming out, saw my car, clocked my registration number. This is the same person who then carried out a violent homicide. Okay, so the person was already dead. But that doesn’t mean they’re not willing or able to do it to a live person. I’m not one hundred percent happy when I think that he or she has a gun and knows what button releases the safety catch and what button sends a bullet through your skin and bone. If you think the commission is large, then that’s why – I think it adequately represents the risk I took for you. The risk I’m continuing to take for you.’
She said nothing for a while. Somebody put some music on in the background: Doves, Black and White Town. Clarissa Daniels looked a little shaken up. He finished his drink. She did the same, darting little looks from side to side. There was definitely something odd about her tonight, and it wasn’t just gun talk. She put her empty glass down and looked ready to leave. She said, ‘Will you take me somewhere?’
He asked, ‘Where?’
‘Anywhere. I’d like to go for a drive. Will you take me?’
He thought a lot of pointless thoughts, and said: ‘Okay then. But on one condition.’
‘What’s that?’ 
‘I have some questions I’d like you to answer.’
‘Look, I told you yesterday, I don’t see – ’
‘Not about that. Other questions.’
‘Oh.’ She shot him a look, frowned, and said, ‘Yes, if I must.’
They went outside and got into the Leon. She didn’t buckle up, and he didn’t remind her to. They drove out along the Bow Road to that bridge over the Lea where a long time ago the Middle Saxons and the East Saxons stared each other out from either side of a dirty, ditchy river, and then north to Old Ford and down Victoria Park Road towards Hackney. The shops were closing; the newsagents and cab offices attracted little groups of young men, like flies around weak lights. After a while, St Cloud pulled up on the side of the road.
‘Where do you want to go?’ he asked.
She said, not looking at him, ‘I don’t know.’
‘How about here?’
She looked out of the window. ‘No, drive on a bit more.’
He turned and said, ‘Really, why – ’
‘Listen, Mr St Cloud.’ She spoke very slowly, as if she were addressing a child. ‘I want to go somewhere rough.’
He screwed his face up. ‘Rough?’
‘Yes.’
‘How rough?’
‘Very very rough.’
‘Why would you – ’
‘You must know somewhere. Just drive there, please.’
He drove. He didn’t know why. He went up to Hackney Downs, and turned down towards the Homerton Hospital, then he took a left through the estates until he reached the Brasenose. He took the second right round the back of the garages and around the back of the higher blocks. He cut his speed over the ramps and the half-made roads. From somewhere above came processed beats, loud enough to provide a rhythm section for the whole estate. He looked up, and caught a glimpse of a fluorescent light, a thin beam escaped from the blacked out windows of a Vietnamese hydroponics outfit on the top floor. Tyres screamed. An engine roared. He coasted the car past a block. On a low wall a young man with dreadlocks and a trashy white girl on his lap gave them a look. St Cloud bent his head down and looked back as if to say “No dice”, and drove on. Clarissa Daniels stared out of the windows, one hand pawing at the fabric of the chair, one on the door rest. She turned momentarily, striped in the weak sodium light of the estate, then turned and looked back out of the window. There was a kind of electrified look in her eyes.
She ordered: ‘Stop here.’
He stopped. In his rear view mirror the dreadlocked man languidly got to his feet and shook out long arms. This could be trouble. St Cloud kept looking.
She asked, ‘Where is this?’
He murmured, ‘It’s where the poor people live,’ and kept his eyes on the mirror.
She put her hands either side of her hips and propelled herself forward until she was on the edge of the seat. She looked left and right out of the windscreen.
‘Can we get out?’ she asked.
St Cloud snorted. ‘No.’
She placed a hand on the glove box and looked out of the windscreen. Behind them the dreadlocked man looked like he might be arguing with the girl.
She asked again:
‘Where is this?’
‘The Brasenose. The Brasenose CHP. That stands for Community Housing Project. It’s the current bullshit phrase for a sink estate.’
‘Are there other places? Worse places?’
He took his eyes off the mirror and looked at her. Her hands were balled into fists and her knuckles were an inch down into the fabric of the seat. Her legs were on their sides and her toes were pointed, like a ballet dancer’s. He said:
‘Depends what you mean by worse. But they’re not that bad, any of them.’
She asked breathily, ‘Do you have a cigarette?’
He sighed, fished into his jeans, and pulled out a packet. She took one and put it in her mouth. Her hands were shaking a little. He lit it. Then he took one and lit that, too. He said:
‘I don’t pretend to understand what’s going on here, but do you know something? You shouldn’t believe those literary novels written by your dinner party friends. They’ve never even been here. Nothing here is that bad. Certainly not as bad as the slums in Jamaica or the back alleys of the Rieperbahn or the commie projects of Sofia. I know. I’ve been to those places.’
She smoked for a while, then said, ‘I quite like it, all the same.’
She opened her hands, and spread her long, lean fingers against the seat. Then she raised her knuckles and dug nails into the fabric, like a spider coming to life. He replied:
‘You might not if you had to live here.’
It didn’t look like she heard that, so he said:
‘The last time I came here it was because a couple of heels got drunk and decided to cover their little boy with cigarette burns. The time before that was because an Iraqi guy got turned down for asylum and took it out on his wife and children with an axe. I could tell you more of these bedtime tales, if you’re interested. But they’re just that. They only happen very occasionally. What happens the rest of the time is that a lot of people are just getting by, living in a shit hole where the balconies smell of curry and the stairwells smell of skunk, trying to sleep with drum ’n’ bass going until all hours and trying to stop worrying whether their kid will get a shiv in the ribs because he goes to the wrong school. It’s not glamorous, you know – not even dirty glamorous, like in those no-budget movies or geezer-bird songs you find on posh kids’ ipods. It’s just what it is.’
She bit her lip, and opened her mouth slightly. 
Then she turned to him. ‘You said before that it wasn’t your line of work any more. Why did you stop doing it?’
He looked away. ‘You’ve no business asking that.’
‘I’m curious, that’s all.’
‘Don’t be.’
‘I’d like to know.’
‘I had a bad experience.’
‘That doesn’t tell me a lot.’
‘It wasn’t meant to.’ In the rear view mirror dreadlocks had sat down again, and the girl was back on his lap. He said quickly: ‘A man died.’
She touched his hand, light as dust.
‘Who? Did you – ’
‘Did I what?’
She held her breath, then blurted:
‘Did you kill him?’
He sat upright. His head was full of a lot of thoughts, and all of them were nasty. He let them fizz for a minute and then said sternly,
‘Look. The deal was, I’d drive you if you’d answer some questions. Not the other way round.’
‘Damn it,’ she pleaded softly, ‘do I really have to? I want to talk about you.’
‘I don’t.’ He turned to her. ‘Mrs Daniels – ’
‘Clarissa, please.’
‘Mrs Daniels, I want to ask you about Chakaravarti.’
‘Oh God, why? I’ve told you, haven’t I?’
‘Where I found your flash drive last night, I found a couple of other things. I think they’re interesting. I want to ask you about them.’
She lifted her hand away from his and used it to pick fluff off her jeans. ‘Go on, then, if you must.’
‘First, there was a copy of a crime report about the murder of a kid called Samuels, sometime in April. Looks like a typical sort of gang murder. A lot of kids get killed like that in Stoke Newington.’
She looked up. ‘I want to go there.’
‘Stoke Newington?’
‘Yes.’
‘You’re nuts.’
He took another breath, and said:
‘The second thing I found was a newspaper cutting, which was either about somebody offering their psychic services or a good-news story about an avuncular Stratford councillor going for a seat at City Hall.’
She looked back out of the window.
‘What do you want me to say? I don’t have any idea about those things.’
‘None at all?’
‘None at all.’
He wondered if she might be lying, and decided she probably wasn’t.
He tried to shake things up a little.
‘What’s on the flash drive?’
She took her sunglasses off her head, put her hand through her hair, and put them back. She was still pulsating a little. ‘You told me you weren’t going to ask about that.’
‘I thought you might tell me.’
‘You thought wrong.’
‘I just wondered what you, and this Councillor, and this dead boy in Stokey had all done wrong. In your case you made a mistake with a man. What kind of mistake?’
‘Every kind. Are you telling me you haven’t tried to find out?’
‘You didn’t pay me to do that.’
‘No. But I’ll bet you did. I bet you’ve tried that flash drive already.’
He shrugged. ‘What makes you think I’d do that?’
‘Because it would be a cheap, nasty trick, Mr Five Grand Commission.’
‘And you’re not cheap, not when you’re slumming it in some shit hole just to get your knickers wet?’
She slapped him. He kissed her, roughly. She felt like fire and ice rolled into one. In the end she stopped pushing at his shoulders and relaxed. Then they didn’t say anything for a minute or two, until he told her: ‘I should kick you out and tell you to walk home.’
She made doe eyes. ‘Don’t be like that.’
‘I’ll be like that all I want.’
‘Come back for a while.’
He came back. She tasted of wine, university, and From Our Own Correspondent. While he kissed her he opened an eye and glanced into the mirror, but dreadlocks and his girl were out of sight now, there were just a couple of kids kicking a ball. They might be shanked up to the eyeballs, but they looked harmless. He closed the eye again. She withdrew from him, and put her head under the cleft of his chin, so that her hair was level with his mouth. 
He asked through pretty curls:
‘Do you want to know what I think?’
She felt for his hand. ‘What’s that?’
‘I think Chakaravarti had a blackmail stash, and what’s more I think I found it last night. Your flash drive was one class A, free-range golden goose. The other stuff is likely to have similar value. There may be something about Samuels’ murder that somebody wants to hide. Though it’s hard to see what. There may be more mileage in the other thing – the newspaper story. Although that’s hardly a scandal in Bohemia. But maybe Henry Malahide has brokered a bent deal or two. It wouldn’t be the first time a councillor was getting paid by somebody other than the taxpayer.’
She pushed deeper under his chin, and said, ‘I think you’re just talking.’
He spun her round and kissed her again. When he was through, she looked up at the top of his head, and then down to his lips, and said: ‘Did you say Henry Malahide?’
St Cloud nodded.
‘I do know him, actually.’
He sat up. ‘You do?’
‘Well, I’ve heard of him, anyway.’ She put a hand down the side of his face. ‘His son James is a friend of my husband’s. They used to work together at M-------.’ She named a big consultancy firm that employed new graduates to tell smart people how to make big businesses into small businesses and have their houses repossessed.
‘Are you sure it’s the same one?’
‘If it’s the same Henry Malahide. He’s on some council out in Barking or somewhere.’
‘Stratford. Not the Shakespeare version.’
‘That sounds right.’
‘Well, well.’ St Cloud pondered this. ‘Ever met him?’
‘No. Hugh has, probably. He’s known James for years. But listen – if it’s the same man, then you’re absolutely wrong if you think that he’s the type to be blackmailed. James’s father is a pillar of the community.’
‘I thought pillars of the community were a blackmailer’s best friend.’
She shook her head. ‘Not this one. He’d never play ball. He’s moral turpitude all over. That’s what’s so funny.’
‘Funny?’
‘About James, I mean. James is a live wire. They’re chalk and cheese. Father Malahide might be a model of piety and clean living, but James is fast, in every sense.’
‘Fast in the sense of driving fast cars?’ said St Cloud, thinking of the Porsche.
She laughed. ‘Not exactly. More like a rush in the bloodstream. Drugs. Parties. Girls. Boys, as well. Everybody likes him. You would, too.’
‘It doesn’t sound like it.’
She gave him a playful slap, then did it again. This time when her palm was against his stubble, she kept it there and started to rub his face softly, then harder. She brought her other hand up and did the same. Then she kissed him again, softly like a feather, and said:
‘You’re quite pretty under all that roughness, you know.’
He said grimly, ‘So are you.’
She smiled, and started ruffling his hair.
‘What happened to you? You can tell me, you know. Did things just happen, and somebody died?’
‘I told you, I’m not for talking about that.’
‘You’re a fast enough talker when you want to be.’
‘And so are you, Mrs Daniels.’ He pulled her hands away, and gripped her wrists, a little harder than he needed to. ‘Your husband’s friend – James Malahide. Is he quite good-looking, collar-length hair, clean shaven, looks like he’s just got out of bed?’
She nodded, ‘That sounds about right.’
‘I think I might have seen him today, only briefly. By any chance, would he drive a Porsche?’
‘I wouldn’t know.’
‘But he might?’
‘He might.’
St Cloud nodded. He wasn’t sure whether things were become clearer, or foggier. He held his grip tight on her wrists. ‘What about the other man? The man you made the mistake with?’
She shook her hair, and tried to break free of his grip. ‘That’s not an acceptable question to ask a woman. Especially not one you’re fucking about with.’
She had that indulgent, moneyed way of swearing.
He asked, ‘Is that what we’re doing?’
She closed her eyes, and gave him a long, liquid kiss. ‘What would you say is going on?’
‘I’d say you’re still slumming it.’
She pulled her head back, and he let go. She said quickly, ‘What’s that supposed to mean?’
‘I think you’re just visiting.’
‘What – ’
‘When I first saw you tonight, I thought you were tense because you were getting your flash drive back and rescuing your marriage. In fact – ’ He hesitated.
Her face got hard. She said, ‘Go on. In fact what?’
‘In fact I think you were just excited.’
She sneered. ‘By you, you mean?’
‘No. By your surroundings. By being in a part of London where people live worse lives than you. By seeing how bad things can get. I think – I think you get off on other people’s misery. I think it’s a bit sick.’
She snapped, ‘Take me home.’
He pulled on his seat belt. She did up her coat. They took the little humpy roads out of the estate. In the flashing yellow lights of the streetlights, and the flyovers, she looked ahead only, not flinching or even shooting him a glance. He found the A12 and went off at the Green Man. Soon enough the dark mass of Wanstead Park appeared, and he headed to the Avenue, either side of the street jammed with cars again. He stopped outside number 251. There was a light in the upstairs window of the house.
She got out without a word. He watched her put her key in the door. She didn’t look back.


Bonnie slept in. St Cloud woke her with a sugary coffee and a stroke of the hair. He said, ‘I’m going out.’
‘Where to?’
‘There’s something rotten in the state of Denmark.’
She opened her eyes, and focused on him. ‘What?’
‘I’ll see you later.’
It was Saturday – no C-charge day – so he took the car and drove straight through the centre of town until the A10 became Stoke Newington High Street. He went left and parked up by the Church, opposite Clissold. The park was full of joggers and cyclists. It was sunny but chilly, not bright and hot enough for anybody to contemplate sunbathing, nor dark and chilly enough for anybody to contemplate stabbing anybody. So everybody just sort of buzzed around each other, like private little honeybees.
St Cloud walked off north, through the Clissold, then through another couple of estates, until he found himself in Colthurst Square. It was pretty enough on three sides, with long Victorian terraces, iron railings and shabby houses, still retaining their charm through flaking paint and old, smeared render. The fourth side had once been trodden on by the Nazis, and in place of the lost terrace was a concrete tower block of which Stalin, or perhaps Paul Nash, would have been proud. In the middle of the square was a highly coloured children’s playground, where swings and slides were bolted down to the floor with bolts so big they looked like something from a comedy skit. A couple of teenagers sat on the swings and smoked. A pigeon ate some litter. St Cloud did a lap of the square, then another in the opposite direction. There were streetlamps placed on all sides, and a million windows. It was pretty much a goldfish bowl, and not much of a place to commit a murder.
Yet a boy had been shot and the police had only one witness – according to the unfinished crime report. That figured for a typical average in this part of town. That crime report: Chakaravarti had got hold of it, somehow. St Cloud wondered about that. It wasn’t a public document. Okay, you could probably get a censored one by using the Freedom of Information laws, but not this soon. If the fat man really was a lawyer, he might have the report legitimately – if he was defending a client in the case. But that didn’t make any sense, for a couple of reasons. First, any copy given to the defence would have be cleaned up, with witnesses’ addresses taken out in order to protect them from any ramifications. Second, the front page had a “No” in the “Detected” box – and St Cloud knew that, even though they closed off the crime report in murder cases, they still updated this precious little box, as it was their way of measuring the crime statistics, and the crime statistics were more powerful even than the Commissioner’s wife. That “No” said this was an unsolved murder, which meant nobody arrested or charged – so nobody needed a lawyer. Either Chakaravarti had stolen the report or – much more likely – somebody in the Met had earned a few quid by passing it to him. Somebody who might now be sweating at the thought of detectives swarming all over the little house in Forty Hill.
Rodmartin lived in the middle of one of the decent Victorian terraces, and from the front door there was a good, wide view of the square. He buzzed the flat, didn’t get an answer, and buzzed again. A window at the top of the house opened and a woman looked out. She was elderly, white, and common in a nice Cathy-Come-Home sort of way. St Cloud regretted not having had a shave. Such things mattered to the pre-Beatles crowd. The woman called out:
‘What do you want?’
He called up, ‘Are you Mrs Rodmartin?’
‘That’s right.’
‘My name is Michael St Cloud. Do you mind if I come in and see you for a minute?’
She paused. ‘Who are you?’
‘Just for a moment, please. It’s about the murder that happened here back in April.’
She looked back out at the square for a moment, then said:
‘The boy who got shot?’
‘That’s right.’
‘Are you police? Or a journalist?’
He said, ‘I’m just an interested party.’
‘Did you know the boy?’
‘No.’
‘Well – ’ On the face of it, his credentials were hardly advanced. But she seemed to relax a little. He guessed maybe she didn’t want to be visited by people who knew the boy.
‘Really, I’m just an interested party.’
She ducked her head back inside. He waited for a couple of moments, and surveyed the scene again. Then there was a click from the front door. He pushed it open. She greeted him from behind a security chain, with lots of teeth, a grey fringe, a swan neck.
‘Let me see some ID,’ she said. ‘We have a lot of pikey trouble round here. The police have warned us.’ 
‘About pikeys?’
‘About trouble.’
He pointed out, ‘I haven’t told you who I am. I’m not sure ID would prove anything much.’
She conceded the point.
‘I can’t let you in, though. The police said, you’re meant to check people’s ID.’
‘I think we’ve covered the ID thing. I promise I won’t pretend your roof is leaking, or get you to turn taps on to tell me if the water supply’s okay. I won’t take you to the cash point or torture you for your PIN number, either. You can watch me suspiciously the whole time through half-closed eyes, if you want.’
The door closed, there was the rustle of the chain, and then it opened again. She said, ‘I don’t really trust what the police say, anyway. A lot of them are pikeys too, these days. You’ve got a nice face. I’ll rely on that.’
You’re quite pretty under all that roughness. He shook it out of his head.
She told him, ‘My son tells me I’m not security conscious enough.’
‘He’s wrong.’ St Cloud stepped into the hallway, and followed her through it. ‘Do you know something? My mother used to keep the security chain on at night. Wouldn’t ever let anybody in.’
‘Where’d she live? Somewhere nasty.’
‘Croydon.’
‘Used to be okay. Now it’s pretty nasty, I would think. Did she stay safe?’
‘No. That’s the thing. She got cancer, very suddenly, and died. All that security chaining, couldn’t keep out cancer. It came in with a whoosh, and killed her in a fortnight.’
‘I’ll tell my son that. He’s a little prick.’
He followed her inside, into a faded, boxy living room. There was a lot of ruffled fabric and some chintzy curtains. A dirty brown cat was drinking milk from a saucer. It eyed St Cloud warily; he clicked his tongue, and made a smacking sound with his lips. The cat pricked up its ears, and widened its eyes and went back to the milk. But it looked a lot happier now it had been halloed.
She trundled into a chair. ‘You want to know about the boy getting shot?’
‘If at all possible.’
He sat down on the sofa. It was hard as steel. 
‘They catch the boy who did it yet?’
‘Not as far as I know. It was a boy, was it?’
‘Yes. I saw him, after he did it.’ She put a hand to her forehead. ‘It’s a pity they haven’t caught him. Too much of this going on. Every day you read the newspaper, another youngster dead. Remember the one whose mum was on TV? Just up the road, it was.’
St Cloud nodded. He had been called there at 5 o’clock in the morning, and it still hurt his heart to think about it.
‘Don’t know when it’s going to stop,’ said Rodmartin.
St Cloud said, ‘I’ll be straight with you. I’m not exactly from the police. I used to be, but that doesn’t mean anything so I won’t mention it again. And I’m not a journalist of any sort, so I won’t pretend to write notes in shorthand or tell you to look out for it in next Thursday’s edition or make up a lot of lies about somebody coming to take your picture.’
She asked, not too coldly, ‘Who are you then?’
‘It’s a story. The gist is this: a friend of mine got involved with somebody. And that somebody is – was – interested in the boy who got shot.’ It sounded awfully thin, even to him. He added lamely, ‘It’s complicated.’
Rodmartin didn’t seem to mind. ‘What is it you want to know?’
‘Whatever you can tell me. What happened, exactly?’
She had been getting dinner for the dirty brown cat. It was about midnight. Since old Rodmartin died she had kept funny hours, sleeping in the afternoons, eating late, and the cat did the same. A few years later and she’d be racing it to curl up on the boiler. She hadn’t seen much of the fracas, just heard the shot and a shout. Then a squeal of tyres, although that might have been from another direction and nothing to do with it – it was the equivalent of mains hum in this part of town. When she came to the window and looked out there was a black boy on the ground below her, and another boy – she couldn’t tell whether this second boy was black or white – walking away.
‘Walking? Not running?’ asked St Cloud.
‘Walking. Very casually,’ she said. ‘They don’t get excited about anything, not nowadays. He sort of sauntered, dragging his legs. My husband would have called it a funny walk, but that’s what they do now, don’t they? I got the impression he was proud of it, that running would be an admission that he’d done something he hadn’t wanted to.’
This second boy had a hooded top, dark clothing and something under his arm. She thought it was a rounders bat. She said this, St Cloud thought, because she used to play rounders at school; it might have been a pool cue if she’d been down the halls, or a croquet mallet if she’d gone to Roedean. 
She saw something else, too.
‘It glinted in the street lights. Metal, it was.’
‘A gun?’
She looked at him as if to say, “What do you think?”
He asked, ‘Are you sure?’
‘Am I sure it wasn’t my imagination because I heard the shot?’
He nodded uncomfortably and thought, spry old bird.
‘No,’ she said firmly. ‘It was silver, and it glinted in the street light. When I first saw him he was holding it in front of him, like in a film.’
A shot in the night. A prone victim and a swaggering killer. Rodmartin had seen London at its rawest, at its dumbest, at its blood-smeared nadir. He stood up and looked out of the window. She’d certainly had a box seat on the business. And she was a good witness, on the face of it the kind every policeman wanted to meet. She had heard the shot, and seen the gun. She had even seen the suspect running away. But here was the rub: he was just a boy, one she wouldn’t ever be able to recognise again. And if she tried, she’d be fishing in a trout farm.
St Cloud asked, ‘What about afterwards?’
‘I called 999. They were here pretty fast. The ambulance people cut the poor kid in half, right from here to here.’
A thoracotomy. Paramedics’ version of the last chance saloon. St Cloud had seen a lot of them, none of which had been successful; all of them had caused a hell of a lot of mess.
‘The police?’
‘Them too. They put little bits of yellow plastic out and took a lot of photographs. The photographer was complaining and everybody told him to hurry up. I gave up watching in the end, nothing much was happening.’
St Cloud had a thought.
‘These bits of yellow plastic. Did they have numbers or letters on?’
‘Might have done.’
‘How many were there? Can you remember?’
‘No. One was on the other side of the road, the side nearest to the houses. The others were all in a group, round the body.’
That probably meant they had found the cartridge case – ejected at speed from the firearm, thrown hard to the right up to fifteen or twenty feet. A cartridge case meant an automatic pistol, rather than a revolver or a conversion.
He said, ‘Thanks.’
‘Help much?’
He shrugged. ‘I know a little more now.’
‘Something to tell your friend. Or the person they got involved with?’
He nodded. ‘Yes, something.’
But it was nothing, of course.


He asked, ‘Do we have to go to Saskia’s tomorrow?’
‘You were complaining about never going to any parties.’
‘That was yesterday.’
‘It’s no wonder you don’t have any friends.’
He didn’t rise to that. ‘Do you have to go out tonight?’
‘Yes.’ She gave it a lot of “s” and rolled her eyes.
He sighed. ‘Do you want a lift?’
‘I’ll be okay.’
‘You coming home?’
She kissed him. ‘Of course, silly.’
‘Will you be late?’
‘Yes.’
‘Late late?’
‘Yes.’
‘Oh.’
She slid away from him and pulled her coat on.
‘You’ll survive.’ She started buttoning up. ‘Have you found out what’s so rotten in the state of Denmark?’
He shook his head.
‘Not yet.’
‘Have you given it all up?’
‘Not yet.’
She opened the door. ‘See you later.’
He spent an while smoking a cigarette and wondering if he should have told her about ruffling Councillor Malahide’s feathers, or being followed by a bright yellow car, or taking Clarissa Daniels to the Brasenose for a bit of fun. He decided he should have done; Bonnie liked to hear about people’s idiosyncrasies. He wondered if he should have told her about the cheque for five thousand pounds: that was a yes, too. Then he wondered what a man like Henry Malahide had to hide, and how a chiseller like Chakaravarti had managed to find it out. Maybe Malahide had rigged a local election. Or gerrymandered one. Malahide had been there long enough and he was in the planning department, so that was a possibility. He wondered what Malahide hoped to achieve from getting somebody to follow St Cloud around in a car the colour of a budgerigar. Then he wondered what made a boy swagger down the street carrying a gun and a baseball bat after he’d just dropped some poor kid dead in the street. Then he wondered what the senseless annihilation of a teenager in Colthurst Square had to do with any of the rest of it. He even got to wondering about a few little indentations in Chakaravarti’s carpet. After this he did some more smoking, and some more wondering. None of it ended in answers. 
What ended it was a knock on the door.
He looked at his watch.
Midnight.
They didn’t get a lot of visitors, except for Bonnie’s friends, and mostly they’d call her first before coming round. She was a bit forgetful, though, so anything was possible. It might even be her, fed up and left the drink early and not bothering to find her key.
But this was a hard knock. Not a Bonnie knock.
He got up and opened the door. 
The dark night billowed in. A figure stood in the doorway, swathed in a hood. The face was in darkness. The figure took a step inside, and St Cloud saw two wild, staring eyes. There was a pungent smell, a little like vodka, a little like bubble gum.
St Cloud said:
‘Who are you?’
Slowly, the hood was removed. It revealed a young man with brown hair that was pushed flat above his ears. He was unshaven and his lip wobbled. His eyes threw a crazy dance around the room. 
St Cloud asked, ‘What do you want?’
The man said, ‘You’re St Cloud?’
The door blew shut behind him. 
He said, ‘Yes, I’m St Cloud.’ There was no response, so he said:  ‘You’re James Malahide. I saw you coming out of your father’s office yesterday morning.’
The eyes still did their crazy stuff, the lip still wobbled. Malahide stood still, his hands stuck in his pockets, his feet tapping out a little tattoo.
St Cloud said, ‘Did your father send you here?’
No reply. St Cloud sighed and counted to three, and gave the young man a little slap on the cheek. It didn’t have a lot of effect.
‘I asked you a question, James. What the hell are you doing here?’
Malahide dropped his eyes to the floor. The hands stretched out fingers in his pockets. The feet still did the rhythm work.
St Cloud said, ‘You look doped up to the eyeballs, boy. Have you taken something?’
Malahide said, ‘Are you St Cloud?’
‘Yes, I told you that,’ said St Cloud gruffly. ‘What do you want?’
‘A glass of water.’ The voice was weak and pleading.
‘Man alive.’
St Cloud thought a lot of vicious things about privileged boys and their lack of manners. He went into the kitchen, ran the tap and poured a glass of water.
As he went back in, he said, ‘Your father sent you here, didn’t he? What was he trying – ?’
He stopped.
James Malahide had an automatic pistol held with both hands on the grip. It was aimed between St Cloud’s eyes.


Malahide said, ‘You’re St Cloud, aren’t you?’
St Cloud nodded and looked at the gun. Malahide might be a mess, but he had a decent grip on it, and he was too close to miss. He said, very slowly:
‘I told you that already, James.’
‘You told me a lot of shit. I want to know who you are.’
The gun wavered a little. St Cloud kept looking down the barrel. The lip was wobbling badly, and it scared the living hell out of him.
He said: ‘You know who I am. You even know that I live here. You know my name is Michael St Cloud. Just like I told your father yesterday morning.’
‘No,’ squealed Malahide. ‘Fucking hell, no.’
St Cloud felt the glass of water in his hand, getting slimy with his sweat. Malahide shook his head and said, ‘I shouldn’t have come here.’
‘Then put that thing down,’ said St Cloud, in a voice that sounded strange, even to him, ‘and go home.’
Malahide looked at him and bared clean, white teeth. ‘Okay, I’m not fucking about now.’ He stiffened his grip on the pistol. ‘Listen, St Cloud. I need to know where you’ve been. I came here – I came here to find out about you, you interfering – you interfering, dirty, fucking piece of shit.’
St Cloud said evenly: ‘James, put it down.’
Malahide shook his head. ‘No, no, fuck you. I’m here for this. This is what I’m here for.’
‘To shoot me?’
‘If you like.’
‘Did daddy tell you to do that?’
‘Fuck you.’
The lip wobbled again. There was sweat on the forehead now, but the gun grip was stiff and the eyes were burning into him.
‘I need to find out about you, about where you’ve been, you interfering piece of shit.’
St Cloud blinked. Malahide jerked the gun up, so that it was aimed at the top of his head. It wasn’t going to be any cleaner or quicker that way, it was still going to hit a lot of bone and brain.
The glass almost slid out of his grip. He held it tighter. 
‘Listen to me, James. If your daddy thinks that you shooting me in the head is going to be the end of his problems, then either he’s in more of a fix than I realised, or he needs the madhouse.’
Malahide snarled: ‘Leave my fucking father out of this.’
‘Do you always do what he tells you?’
‘Fuck you.’
The foot tapping stopped. There was a sudden, deathly silence.
St Cloud wanted noise. It made him feel better. He said, for the sake of talking, ‘You want to find out about me?’
Malahide didn’t reply.
‘About my interfering in your father’s business?’
‘Fuck – ’
St Cloud threw the glass of water into his face and dived for his legs. He missed. Malahide brought the pistol up and smashed it into his ear. It hurt like hell. St Cloud grabbed a knee and pulled it. Malahide toppled over and hit the floor with a thud. The boy brought the pistol back and tried to aim it but St Cloud lashed out with a forearm and sent it spinning across the floor. Malahide struck him hard in the mouth. St Cloud levered himself to his feet, and pushed the boy back on to the floor, where he pinned him down with a foot. Then he kicked him in the stomach, extremely hard.
‘Okay,’ cried Malahide.
‘Not fucking okay,’ said St Cloud, and kicked him again. He felt his mouth and found warm, salty blood all around his lower lip. It was dripping off his ear, too. He picked up the gun. It was a Beretta 380, a neat little thing. The safety catch was off, and it was heavy enough to be carrying brass. St Cloud turned it over.
‘You nasty little shit. What the fuck did you think you were doing?’
Malahide said nothing.
‘Your papa needs to learn a very quick lesson. People don’t stop asking questions because they get followed around, or because public schoolboys on dope or acid stick them up like it’s amateur night at the Comedy Store. They just ask a hell of a lot more questions, and those questions get more and more difficult.’
Malahide eyed him warily. St Cloud broke the Beretta open. Yes, there was a magazine inside. He snapped it shut again.
‘I should call the police and call you in for possession of a firearm. That’s a prison sentence, James, there’s no greasing your Eton friends or getting off with community service. You just go straight in the cells.’
Malahide said, ‘No.’
‘No, I’m wrong? Or no, you think I’m bluffing?’
‘No.’
The boy looked done in. St Cloud thought for a moment, then said:
‘Okay here’s the deal. You answer my awkward questions and I throw you out without calling the boys in blue. I won’t promise not to kick you again because I can’t promise it won’t give me a bit of satisfaction.’
He got no answer to that.
‘First – your car. It’s a black Porsche, isn’t it?’
Malahide nodded.
‘I saw you drive past me three nights ago, James, in Forty Hill. A man called Chakaravarti lived in that street, James. You went to see him, didn’t you?’
Malahide stared into space.
‘What happened there, James?’
Malahide said nothing.
‘Okay,’ said St Cloud. ‘My last suggestion didn’t work. Here’s my next one. This is your gun. Your prints are all over it. So if you don’t answer any of my questions, I’m going to shoot you in the prick and tell the cops I did it in self-defence. If I do that, James, it’s going to hurt like fuck. And you won’t be able to ever enjoy upper-class pleasures like a game of polo or an apple-chinned debutante noshing you off, ever again.’
Malahide watched him like a hawk.
St Cloud wasn’t sure whether the threat had been registered. 
‘What happened the other night? When you went to Forty Hill?’
Malahide said slowly, ‘I had an appointment.’
‘With Chakaravarti?’
‘With a man.’
‘A fat man?’
‘A man.’
‘On behalf of your father?’
Malahide said, ‘You’re fucked. You don’t know my father at all.’
‘I know, I know. He’s a pillar of the community, and everyone should vote for him. I’m getting sick to the back teeth of hearing it. What was your appointment with Chakaravarti?’
Malahide shook his head. ‘That’s none of your business.’
‘It is with this gun in my hand and crosshairs on your cock.’
Malahide still shook his head.
‘What happened there? What did you do to Chakaravarti?’
Malahide looked up at him. ‘What do you mean?’
‘I mean, what did you do to Chakaravarti. Perhaps I should say, why did you do it?’
Malahide said, ‘Nothing. He wasn’t there.’
‘What?’
‘I had an appointment. He wasn’t there.’
‘Come on, that’s - ’
‘The door was open. I called his name, but he wasn’t there.’
There was a pause.
St Cloud said: ‘I don’t know. You privileged types are all the same. You grow up getting some tutor to do your homework while you’re playing online poker. You’re so used to cheating and lying to people that it becomes hard to tell. But here’s the news: Chakaravarti is dead, James. You know that, don’t you?’
Malahide nodded unhappily.
‘He was shot through the head, James, shot with a pistol like this one here. You know that, don’t you?’
‘Yes.’
‘And your car drove into that road at just the right time for you to be the one who did it. So you are pretty much fucked, boy.’ Or he would be, if Chakaravarti hadn’t already been going green. St Cloud didn’t think that was worth mentioning. ‘Tell me. Why did you do it?’
‘I did nothing. He wasn’t there.’
St Cloud dripped blood. He reached into a pocket and pulled out a tissue. Out of the corner of his eye he saw Malahide make a sudden move towards him. He turned and struck him with the pistol. The young man went down like a shot dog.
‘Fuck it.’
St Cloud turned Malahide over. The boy was out like a light.
Cursing, St Cloud put the gun down, and slapped the boy round the face three or four times. He got no response. He bent close to the boy and could hear him breathing. He got up and gave him a hefty kick to the ribs, but he was still out of it. He went out into the kitchen, got another glass of water, came back, and threw the water into Malahide’s face. It didn’t have any effect. 
He opened the kid’s jacket up and went through it. In the outside pockets he found nothing. In the inside left he found a phone – an iphone, shiny and new – powered off. In the inside right he found a wallet, which contained credit cards and about three hundred pounds in cash, and two pieces of stiff card, which turned out to be tickets for the “Gala Launch” of something called the “Handball and Multi-Team Event Facility – Phase 1”. The place was Horton Hall and the date was tomorrow. Along the top of the ticket were a lot of little slogans and badges and the one that caught St Cloud’s eye was that of Stratford Council. He put the rest of the money and credit cards back in the wallet, and then put the wallet back into the pocket. Then he got his phone and dialled Clarissa Daniels.
She took a while to answer.
‘Listen,’ he said. ‘You remember I asked you about that dirty councillor?’
‘Yes.’
‘You told me you knew his son. Well, he called on me tonight and tried to stick me up with an automatic.’
There was silence, then she said:
‘My God. Are you okay?’
‘I survived. I had to rough him up a bit, though. Right now he’s spark out on my floor, breathing nicely but that’s about all.’
‘My God.’
‘Look – ’ he hesitated.
‘What is it?’
‘I’m sorry to do this to you but didn’t you say he was a friend of yours? Of your husband’s, at any rate. I need somebody to come. Well, I need somebody to come and fetch him.’
‘Did he say anything?’
Which was a funny thing to ask, but he let it go.
‘He was as silent as the last decent comedy out of Hollywood.’
‘But why on Earth would he – ’
‘Your guess is as good as mine.’
He guessed that if she were going to give him the tablet it would have happened already. ‘I’m sorry to do this.’
‘No, no. I’m coming. Where do you live?’
He gave her the Cadiz Street address. She didn’t wince too much when he said it was the Elephant. She arrived half an hour later, looking a million dollars. She didn’t flinch at the sight of his bloody mouth or ear, but she gave him a neat little kiss on the side of the face, which wasn’t visceral but wasn’t polite, either. He offered her a drink but she declined. She looked at James Malahide, crumpled on the floor.
‘I don’t understand,’ she said. ‘You said he had a gun?’
St Cloud had wiped it down and put it on the table. Now he picked it up off the table, between thumb and forefinger. ‘I won’t let you play with it. Firstly, it’s loaded and I don’t want you getting hurt. Second, it might be the one that shot Chakaravarti.’
She went white. ‘What do you mean?’
‘Your husband’s erstwhile friend here drives a black Porsche. I passed it the other night when I left Chakaravarti’s place. That was when he was only dead by accident. When I got back and found somebody had trussed him up and executed him, the Porsche was gone.’
‘But – you don’t mean –’
‘I don’t mean anything, but I don’t mean nothing, either. He told me Chakaravarti wasn’t there. Which could be a clever way of confessing to having found him, bound him and shot him. I don’t know why he would do that. The problem is, I don’t know why anybody would do that. He certainly seems to know that Chakaravarti is dead.’ He sniffed. ‘Look, we’d better get him out of here.’
Because Bonnie would be home soon.
‘I’m parked in the street, up at the top of that alley,’ she said. ‘You’d better put him in the back seat.’
He put one arm under the knees and one under the back. It was a hell of a weight to lift up the lane, and in the darkness he tripped and slipped over the cobbles. She opened the back door, and he deposited Malahide in the back seat of the Mercedes. 
‘I’ll take him back to ours,’ she said. ‘Hugh can run him home in the morning. I can’t believe this.’
St Cloud wiped his brow.
‘His father sent him to warn me off. He denied that, but I think that’s pretty much the deal. What I haven’t told you is that yesterday I went to see old man Malahide and we had a frank exchange of views. I told him he was dirty and I knew it. He played it clean. But it’s sure as anything he’s behind the son sticking me up. The old man looked guilty as hell and he knew Chakaravarti.’
‘He said that?’
‘No, but it was written all over his face. I know you all think old man Malahide is as pure as the driven snow, but I think he’s got something very nasty to hide and that fat ferret Chakaravarti found out about it. It might even be why somebody shot him.’
She pursed her lips. ‘And James? Did he say anything about it?’
‘A lot of crazy stuff. Not much else.’
He opened up the door to let her in. She said, ‘Sorry, wrong side,’ and got in the other. He was confused. She said, ‘It’s an import. We bought it in when we lived in France.’
He looked her up and down, her expensive shoes and jeans, her well-cut coat. All of it figured. He caught her arm. She kissed his bloody mouth. It hurt like hell.
She said, ‘Can I see you tomorrow?’
‘Maybe. I’m meant to be somewhere.’
‘Call me.’ It wasn’t pleading, or asking, but somewhere between the two. She got into the car, and drove away. The dark night blew all around him.


He asked, ‘Do you want to go to a party?’
Bonnie said, ‘You need a doctor, not a party.’
‘I told you. It’s healing up.’
‘It needs stitches.’
‘You always say that. Not everything needs stitches.’
She shook her head. ‘Anyway. We’re already going to a party this afternoon.’
‘I know. I don’t mean that one.’
‘Then I don’t understand.’
‘Can we blow her out? Saskia, I mean.’
‘That’s ridiculous.’
‘I’d just rather go to another one, that’s all.’
‘What other one? I thought you said you never got invited to parties.’
‘I’ve got us an invitation to one this afternoon. A swanky affair.’
‘Where is it?’
‘An ancient land between the city and the sea.’
She looked quizzically at him. 
‘Where?’
‘Essex. Somewhere out beyond Upminster. Horton Hall. Do you know it?’
She nodded. ‘It’s a country house. They do weddings and things.’ She showed sudden interest. ‘Are we going to a wedding, then?’
‘I thought you didn’t believe in marriage.’
‘That’s for me. I like other people to get married.’
‘Why don’t we get married?’
‘Don’t be silly.’
‘Well, anyway. It isn’t a wedding. It’s a thing. Actually a “Gala Launch”, no less.’
‘What’s being launched?’
‘Your guess is as good as mine. You’ll get to wear a posh frock.’
That clinched it, but she didn’t let on.
‘Will I know anybody there?’
‘No. Neither will I.’
‘Then why are we going?’
‘Because we won’t know anybody, and because you get to wear a posh frock. Which sounds to me like a perfect party.’
‘Saskia will be disappointed.’
‘I’m sure you can break it to her gently. She doesn’t like me, anyway.’
‘She does.’
‘She pretends.’
‘All my friends like you. Or at least they would, if you let them.’
‘I know I’m unloveable. You don’t have to tell me.’
She smiled. He said:
‘You break the news to Saskia. I’ll go and get us something for breakfast.’
‘What are you going to use for money?’
‘The five grand cheque I got for skulking around dead bodies.’
Her eyes showed only the faintest flicker of surprise.
‘Are you serious?’
‘Deadly.’
‘Oh.’
She reached for her phone.
‘In that case we need some bread. We’re out.’


He went to the drab little supermarket he liked so much in the Walworth Road and bought supplies. The tall white finger soared above the Elephant, making it look for all the world like a hand giving the rest of London the fuck off sign. Along the street were middle-aged women in brightly coloured dresses returning from church, mingling on the street with half-hearted Goths, grey-bearded Jamaicans drinking Red Stripe, and strung-out boys with their bling and their tracksuits and their big, boxy headphones. St Cloud skipped lightly across the pavements, like he often did when Bonnie was happy. It might have been the five grand, it might have been the chance to wear a frock, it might just have been June and the promise of summer. It didn’t really matter what it was. When he got home he made her breakfast and she had a shower. When she came back downstairs, she wore a little white thing, which started high on the right thigh and wrapped around to the left shoulder. He murmured,
‘You look heaven-sent.’
‘You should take me nice places more often.’
He drove them out over Tower Bridge and to the A13, along the Ratcliff Highway, over that crossroads where John Williams once got buried in five easy pieces, out of the past and into the future as the road widened and swept past the growing construction site. Its vastness appeared fragile this morning, as if you could really feel the hopes of the nation resting above it. When it was out of sight they drove on past the old Ford place and the new Lithuania of Dagenham, past the strange, remote gypsy-rest bungalows of Aveley, past where the flat fields began and the air smelt of rubber and landfill, until the M25 announced that they were coming up for air. Beyond were fields, cows, hedgerows, phone masts and the white pipes of old, belching factories. Presently a small ridge of hills appeared on the left, and they took a lane towards them. The road kept below the ridge and negotiated a couple of villages. Then there were a couple of trees and a brown sign and a grand entrance, all of which said “Horton Hall” in different ways. Past the entrance was a driveway with a white picket fence on either side. It went through a little copse, then meandered past paddocks and through lines of yew trees, for about a quarter of a mile.
St Cloud remarked, ‘I should have worn a tie.’
Bonnie said, ‘No, you really shouldn’t.’
A golf course appeared in front of them, and around them dribs and drabs of men in pink sweaters and plus fours went slowly to seed. Then drive wound up and down over little hills, through swathes of woodland, out into the kind of park where somebody had taken all the bottom branches off the trees to stop anybody doing anything fun like climbing them. After the parkland came the house. It was a yellow sandstone affair, with lots of square windows, stone mullions, and a couple of pillars in front of the door. It was the kind of house poor people could see in summer if they bought tickets from rich people; in the winter they’d just get shot at, or told to fuck off.
The drive ended right in front of it at a large gravel car park. St Cloud slid the Leon in between expensive saloons like a builder’s finger in the nether parts of an heiress. He got out and surveyed the scene. For once the black Porsche wasn’t in sight. Outside the door was a man in a monkey suit, who took the tickets from St Cloud and thanked him. Then he pointed to a path running around the side of the house, and thanked him again. Then he took Bonnie’s coat and thanked her, too. It struck St Cloud that the man doing the thanking was also the one doing all the work, and he pointed this out. The man just smiled and thanked him for the observation.
They passed along the side of the house and out around the back, where a vast lawn stretched away towards woodland. A large group of smartly dressed people were gathered near to the back of the house. They looked like a swarm of bees. As they approached the group they could see waiters and waitresses buzzing around between the people, carrying trays of drinks. There was the dry white whine of educated voices, the hollow throb of forced laughter, the liquid zip of Buck’s Fizz. A lot of the men were middle-aged and wearing it hard. The women were a mixture of droopy, exhausted power-behind-the-throne types, and trophy wives the colour of orange peel. Everybody darted looks at everybody else, and hopped from foot to foot, trying to submerge their fear and contempt in soupy talk of school fees. St Cloud edged through the crowd and cornered a tray of drinks. He took a Buck’s Fizz and grabbed Bonnie a glass of champagne. When he got back to her he found a couple of the men had turned to look at her, and she was doing that thing with her eyes that could send a man up a tree.
She switched back to him, and asked:
‘What is this party, anyway?’
‘I’m not exactly sure.’
‘Is it worth me asking how we got invited?’
‘Probably not, unless you want to get cross with me.’
‘I don’t.’
‘That’s good.’
They had their drinks. The Buck’s Fizz chewed up his injured mouth and scraped it dry. He winced and shut his eyes. When he opened them again he saw Henry Malahide, far over on the other side of the gathering, clad in a double-breasted suit and a dark tie with some sort of insignia on it. Standing close to him were two men. The first had grey eyes and grey hair and a grey suit. All this greyness was given definition by his eyebrows, which were straight and black like they were drawn with charcoal scrawled along a ruler. The grey man didn’t seem to pay much attention to Malahide. Instead, he was locked in conversation with a young man who wore a waistcoat and a look of sickliness. What caught St Cloud’s eye was the odd expression on Malahide’s face: it looked like raging thunder. The other men broke off their conversation, and then the group seemed to stand in silence. Nobody spoke to Malahide or asked what was eating him. Nobody looked like they cared too much about it.
After a while the man in the monkey suit appeared, clapped his hands, and said, ‘Ladies and gentleman, if I could ask you to go through to the hall.’
They followed the crowd through a wide set of French windows and into a galleried hall, full of dark wood and old paintings, where at one end a microphone was set up, on a little portable stage. In front of this was a floor, worn shiny by servants, sahibs and WAGs miming “You’re Just Too Good To Be True”. There was a bar along the back wall under the pretty carved gallery, and waiters and waitresses flitted about in diagonals. St Cloud found the bar and got Bonnie a glass of wine and himself a scotch and coke. When he found her again she was with a tall, studious looking man who was nodding at something she was saying. He passed her the wine. She took it wordlessly and went back to the studious one. He felt a touch on his arm, and turned. A middle-aged man with salt and pepper hair and glasses said:
‘Hi, not sure we’ve met.’
‘No,’ said St Cloud.
‘Are you one of the three?’
‘The three?’
‘That are in for this.’
‘Oh,’ said St Cloud. ‘Not exactly. How about you?’
‘Yes, I’m with Superbowl.’
‘Oh.’
‘Did I see you at the velodrome one? That was here.’
‘No,’ muttered St Cloud. ‘This is my first.’
‘Ah. I’ve been to a few of these recently, as you can imagine. Hoping our luck will hold out.’
‘You’ve been lucky, then?’
‘Well, successful. If that’s the same thing.’ He drank a glass of wine, and scanned the crowd. ‘There’s meant to be only three. The French pulled out.’
‘Oh. And do you think it will hold out – your luck, I mean?’
He gave a strange sort of grimace, which St Cloud didn’t entirely understand. ‘I wouldn’t say it’s definite. Sometimes you have to take your turn, if you know what I mean.’
St Cloud didn’t, but he nodded anyway. The man said,
‘Who are you with?’
He said lightly, ‘Oh, I’m in insurance.’
‘Insurance?’
‘Yes. Invited by Stratford Council.’
The man nodded with understanding. ‘The public liability side?’
St Cloud nodded. The man didn’t seem that interested, because he saw somebody in the crowd, and moved away. Bonnie came back and gave him her empty wine glass. He drank the scotch and coke and kept it all on the good side of his mouth, which wasn’t easy. An old cove passed her closer than he needed to, but she didn’t seem to notice. In the corner of the room nearest to the door Malahide stood in conversation with the grey man, heads bowed together. 
Bonnie drifted off. A young man with a light grey suit and a prominent forehead started talking to her. She laughed at something he said. When St Cloud looked back, the man was laughing, too. He looked a little captivated. St Cloud sighed and took in the rest of the room. The innominate man from Superbowl was talking closely with a small, dark set man with a goatee beard. They looked like they knew each other well, nodding every so often and sharing well-timed laughter. Everybody was inside now, and the doors were being closed; the noise level went up a notch. St Cloud finished his drink, didn’t bother to ask Bonnie whether she wanted another, and went to the bar and bought the same again. When he came back he found somebody at his elbow. It was the man with the goatee beard. He said,
‘I hear you’re here for the liabilities.’
‘Yes.’
‘Must be massive, that, with all these projects.’
‘Pretty big,’ he agreed.
‘Risk’s decent money, still?’
‘Oh, yes.’ He remembered the code. ‘Are you in for this?’
‘Oh. Yes, we’re in for this.’
‘Are you with Superbowl?’
‘No,’ said the man. ‘EXD.’
St Cloud asked, ‘Been lucky so far?’
‘Missed out last time.’
St Cloud thought for a moment, and said, ‘Maybe your turn will come.’
The man nodded, and said lightly, ‘Maybe.’
The man from Superbowl came back. St Cloud wandered away. The light suit with the forehead was fishing for a business card, but Bonnie was already walking away. As brush-offs went it was clean enough. He handed her the glass of wine. 
‘How are you getting on?’
Her eyes gleamed. ‘Apparently there’s to be some kind of announcement. Everybody’s getting very excited about it.’
‘Apart from those getting excited about you in that dress.’
‘Silly. Apparently it’s a big thing, whatever it is.’
‘Well,’ said St Cloud. ‘I’m a little further on than you are, being less flirtatious and more businesslike.’
‘As if.’
‘I can reveal there’s three in for it, and one of them is called “Superbowl” and one’s called “EXD”.’
‘Oh.’ She looked a little miffed. ‘What is “it”, anyway?’
St Cloud dug back into his inside pocket, and brought out the tickets. ‘According to this it’s something called “Handball and Multi-Team Event Facility”. My guess is that they’re all waiting for some contract to be awarded.’
Bonnie looked nonplussed. ‘I thought it was going to be something exciting.’
‘I presume it’s a million zillion pounds.’
‘That’s not exciting.’
‘Not to you or me, maybe. But it’s exactly what makes these kinds of people nervous.’
‘Well, I don’t know about that. Everybody says they’re nervous. They don’t look it, though.’
St Cloud finished his drink. The Superbowl man said something, and the EXD man laughed. St Cloud had a look around the room. Far away on the other side he saw Malahide, still looking pretty furious about something. He adjusted his position and through the gap in the bodies he watched the grey man lay a restraining hand on the councillor’s arm. He edged towards them; but the man led Malahide out of the room and back into the garden.
When he turned back, Bonnie was gone. This time it was a young man with fashionably leonine blonde hair and a wide tie, standing with his hands on his hips. Bonnie was asking him a question, and he was running his hands through the mane and confidently giving her some sort of bullshit. He didn’t look very nervous, either. In fact, Bonnie was right – nobody looked very nervous. Presumably nobody was going to starve, whatever the outcome. Nobody except him and Bonnie, that was.
She floated back.
‘How’s your blonde friend,’ he asked.
‘He’s nice,’ she said.
‘Nice nice?’
‘No, silly. Just nice.’
‘I think it’s reciprocated. He’s got a hard-on.’
‘You’re impossible.’
‘He looks a little up himself to me.’
‘He’s nice. Quite pretty, too.’
‘So he is nice nice.’
‘No, he’s just nice.’
‘Anyway – have you found out anything else?’
‘Lots.’ She leaned forward and said, conspiratorially, ‘Everybody expects somebody called “3C” something to win this competition, whatever it is.’
‘Not Superbowl or EXD?’
‘No. 3 something, “3CP” I think it is.’
‘Is your blonde friend one of them, then?’
‘No. He’s with Superbowl.’
‘Are Superbowl and EXD the same thing?’
‘The opposite. Completely. They’re rivals. Like the Stones and the Beatles.’
‘Let’s not start on that again.’
Bonnie was the Stones and he was the Beatles. That could go on for hours.
‘Can I have another drink?’
He got her another glass of wine, while he moved on regretfully to orange juice. He did a quick circuit of the room, but didn’t see Malahide, the grey man or the sickly waistcoat man. When he got back he found to his dismay that Bonnie was talking to the blonde man again. 
After a while, somebody at the front clapped their hands and asked for hush. From behind him a voice said, ‘Here goes nothing.’


A smart young man came to a microphone, and said:
‘Ladies and gentleman, thank you all for coming here today, at the launch of Phase One. I don’t want to delay us unnecessarily, so I’ll hand over to Jane Gardner-Smith from the Delivery Authority to put you all in the picture and also talk about timetables for delivery going forward.’
There was a ripple of applause, and a power-dressed woman in a suit took over the microphone from him. She launched into a speech about how delivery was so far on time and on budget, how they rated four stars on a five star scale, and how international delegations had described the whole project as “amber” which was apparently better than “red” but not as good as “green”. She then started to explain how the Delivery Authority had organised the tender process. Once or twice she threw in a weak joke, which got the kind of laughs pigeons do at Wimbledon. St Cloud got bored and looked around the room. Way over on the far side below the carved gallery he saw Malahide enter the room, closely followed by the grey man. The grey man drank a glass of clear liquid. Malahide didn’t drink anything. He just looked at the floor: a long, hard look.
Eventually Jane Gardner-Smith, said:
‘Really, I’d better get on with the task in hand. It’s my pleasure to announce that the tender for Phase 1 of the facility has been awarded – to EXD.’
There was a small intake of breath, and some polite applause. St Cloud looked at the man from Superbowl. He didn’t look too put out, and he shook the little dark EXD man’s hand and nodded. The EXD man whispered something to him, and the Superbowl man laughed. The little lion next to Bonnie smiled at her and winked. He looked a pretty good loser, too.
The woman said: ‘I hope I’m not putting him on the spot, but maybe a few words from the CEO – ’
There was a larger ripple of applause. To St Cloud’s surprise the grey man next to Malahide put down his drink, and made his way through the crowd to the stage, where he gave Jane Gardner-Smith a sexless kiss on either cheek. Then he approached the microphone and in a quiet voice introduced himself as Raymond Emerick. He thanked his bid team, and just about everyone else in the room, including C3P and Superbowl.
The man from Superbowl stifled a laugh.
Emerick thanked everyone again, said he was looking forward to delivering a world-class Handball and Multi-Team Event Facility, and went smoothly back to where he had come from. When he got below the gallery neither he nor Malahide exchanged any kind of conversation. Malahide just kept looking at the floor. Jane Gardner-Smith said her goodbyes and the room fell back into muted conversation.
St Cloud turned to Bonnie.
‘I’m just going to say hello to somebody.’
‘I thought you didn’t know anyone.’
‘Doesn’t stop me saying hello.’
‘Michael – ’
‘Go back to taming the lion. Only keep your head out of his jaws.’
`You’re ridiculous.’
He passed through the crowd. The sun had dipped behind clouds, and it made the old wooden hall darker, more intimate, more sinister somehow. Men headed back from the bar carrying drinks, women noisily agreed with everything, and around him the conversation turned into a warm, honeyed fuzz, like the middle register of a Moog. St Cloud spied Malahide by the door. He stood in the middle of a circle of people, and they included the sickly waistcoat man and the grey man, Emerick. St Cloud hovered on the edge of the group and listened for a few moments. Emerick did most of the talking. He wasn’t loud or forceful, but St Cloud got the impression he was in control, all the same. He finished his drink, then elbowed his way through the ring of people. Malahide continued to look at the floor.
He said, ‘Mr Emerick. I’d like to offer my congratulations on your winning the contract.’
The grey man looked at him, searching for recognition. 
‘I don’t think we’ve met,’ he said simply.
Beside him Malahide looked at up. He looked for a moment at St Cloud, and then his face registered surprise.
St Cloud said quickly, ‘No, we haven’t. But we have a mutual acquaintance. Councillor Malahide, here.’
Malahide features contorted with rage. He barked roughly:
‘How the hell did you get in here?’
Emerick looked from one to the other. A look of puzzled concern crossed his face.
‘I got a ticket from your son,’ said St Cloud cheerfully. ‘He gave it to me in return for a glass of water.’
Malahide yelled, ‘Get the hell out –’
St Cloud interjected: ‘I’d be very interested to know whether Stratford Council’s planning committee – that’s your committee, isn’t it? – had any influence over this decision. I can’t help but notice that you seem to be quite friendly with Mr Emerick, here. Are EXD always this lucky with their contracts, I wonder.’
Malahide stammered, ‘I said, get – ’
Emerick said calmly, ‘My friend, I don’t know you and I don’t think we’ve met. This really isn’t called for. The councillor here is a friend of mine, and there’s nothing untoward in it, I assure you. If you have any complaints about the process you should refer them to the Delivery Authority.’
St Cloud said, ‘I’ll do that.’
He took a step back and once more negotiated the throng of people. He forced his way through past a couple of sharp elbows and spilt a few drinks. In the middle of the room Bonnie was still being chatted up by the lion. The man from Superbowl was drinking fast and getting pretty wasted. St Cloud pushed through the room, and on the opposite side of the bar spotted the power-dressed woman who had made the announcement. He parted a crowd of people with his arms, and tapped her on the shoulder. She turned. It was becoming difficult to hear. He said into her ear, ‘Ms Gardner-Smith?’
‘Yes?’
‘Can I talk to you somewhere?’
She looked confused, and said something he didn’t quite hear.
‘Can we go somewhere quieter?’
He led the way and she followed through the throng, away from Emerick and his cronies and out of the French windows. The sun was getting low, and it was chilly outside. Jane Gardner-Smith folded her arms and looked put out. She said sharply, ‘Who are you? What do you want?’
‘My name is Michael St Cloud. We haven’t met. You’ll have to take me on trust, I’m afraid.’
‘What do you want to say?’
‘I wonder if you realise how friendly Raymond Emerick is with Henry Malahide. Malahide is the chair of Stratford Council’s planning committee. He’s here this afternoon, glued to Emerick’s side.’
She paused for a moment, then said,
‘Who did you say you were?’
‘Michael St Cloud.’
‘Are you a journalist, Mr St Cloud?’
‘No.’
‘Can I ask how you managed to get into this event today?’
‘I was invited here today, by Mr Malahide’s son.’
That confused her quite a lot.
He took advantage of it. ‘Malahide is a shark, Ms Gardner-Smith. He has me followed around and threatened. It wouldn’t surprise me if the reason why is because he’s using his influence to get his friend Emerick these kind of contracts.’
She pursed her lips for a moment, and looked beyond him. Then her eyes settled back and bored into his.
‘Whoever you are and whatever bee you have in your bonnet, I don’t intend to discuss it with you here and now. If you are a journalist, then make an appointment to speak to the Delivery Authority’s press office at Lambeth. If you have anything to complain about, or to insinuate about the way we do business, then this is really not the time or place. Except I will say the following: I have known Mr Malahide for many years and I have absolutely no concerns about his integrity, nor that of Stratford Council. He has a reputation – a well-deserved reputation, I may say – as being the most scrupulous of men.’
‘Yes, but – ’
‘I will finish.’
The voice was pure steel.
‘If I did have any such concerns – which I do not, as I have told you – they would be completely immaterial, anyway.’
‘Immaterial?’
‘Your concerns are misplaced, Mr St Cloud, and your knowledge is incomplete. Stratford Council has no influence on this or any of the other tender processes. The processes are organised on a structured procurement framework administered completely and wholly by the Delivery Authority. Nobody from the local authority has any influence at all in the decision making as to which company is awarded which contract. There is no question of them influencing such a decision. Councillor Malahide is here at the Delivery Authority’s invitation in order that the local Borough are kept informed of all developments, and as a courtesy to a man who is highly respected in the local community.’
St Cloud felt like he’d put the wrong answer into a crossword, and that every box he’d filled since needed crossing out. He nodded slowly. There wasn’t much else to do.
‘Now,’ she said. ‘I need to return to the function.’
She swept magnificently past him. He got out a cigarette, and lit it. Then he stood and looked for a while at the dropping sun and the long shadows on the lawn. He wondered what it must be like to own a house where you couldn’t see anybody else’s, in any direction; and how many people you had to tread on to get it. Behind him came the drone of tedious talk, of business, of tens of millions of pounds changing hands and none of it going to anybody who really needed it. He finished the cigarette and wandered back in to the room.
He found Bonnie drinking a short. He didn’t bother to ask her who’d got it for her. He said, ‘Come on, let’s go. I think we may have outstayed our welcome.’
‘Oh. Okay.’ But she didn’t sound too disappointed. ‘I’ll get my coat.’
‘See you outside.’
He edged through the crowd and back out towards the French windows. Then he wandered slowly back round the house towards the car park. As he got to the corner he looked over his shoulder. A man was approaching across the shady golf course towards them, walking at speed. He was smartly dressed, but he looked a bit like a tough, all the same. St Cloud kept walking at the same pace. When he got round to the front door he met Bonnie coming out on the front door. They walked to the car. He opened the passenger door, and she got in. As he started the engine he saw the man round the corner of the house. He was average height, and thickset. Standing next to him was the sickly waistcoat man, who pointed in St Cloud’s direction. St Cloud reversed out of the space and drove up the long, meandering driveway. At the entrance two men were standing, talking. One of them was unfamiliar to St Cloud, but the other wasn’t. He drove on past them and looked in the rear-view mirror. Sunny Jim smiled back, a lovely, dazzling smile.
They drove back to the city.
She asked, ‘What was it all about?’
‘I don’t exactly know. Except that you were right. Nobody in that room looked too nervous, and nobody looked surprised enough when she told them EXD had won the contract.’
‘I thought “3C” something were going to get it.’
‘Not with my friend Councillor Malahide on the team. But apparently there’s no chance of him queering the pitch. They say it’s as straight as a die. It’s just me that thinks it’s bent as a coat hanger.’
‘Maybe you should be more trusting.’
‘That’s a nice idea.’
They went home. It wasn’t dark just yet.


She went to Saskia’s, late as it was, to be polite and to get twice as many people to agree she looked hot in the white wraparound dress. He declined the invitation and headed back to Cadiz Street. When he got there he went to the drawer in the hall table and dug out four things. The first was a little box of white business cards, all of which said his name and his mobile phone number and the words “Stargate Insurance” written across the top. These he pocketed. The second thing was the Beretta he had taken from James Malahide the night before. He gave it another wipe over, thought about a hundred ways to get rid of it, decided all of them were stupid, and put it back in the drawer. The third was the flash drive he had taken from Chakaravarti’s glove box in Forty Hill. This he put it into his pocket. The last was an old, faded address book. He thumbed through this until he found a number.
He asked, ‘Is Paul Burrows there?’
‘Yes.’
‘Hello, Paul, it’s Michael St Cloud.’
‘Oh. Hi Michael. Long time no speak.’
‘Yes, sorry. I haven’t really been in the sphere, well – ’
‘Yes, I heard.’
‘Oh.’
He’d heard. Probably everyone had heard, by now. That was the worst of it, somehow. Momentarily, he wished he had been somebody insignificant, some little cog in the wheel.
It was only momentary, though.
‘But you’re still with the Computer Evidence Unit?’
He laughed. ‘For my sins.’
‘It’s still called that? It used to change by the week.’
‘It’s still called that.’
‘Look, this is really bad of me but I need a favour.’
‘A favour?’
‘Well, a job.’
‘A Met job?’
‘No. Unofficial. You don’t need to know any details.’
‘It’s not something nasty like Guantanamo Bay, I hope.’
St Cloud said, ‘No. It’s a minor thing. I’m looking into something for somebody.’
‘To be honest, I didn’t really expect it to be a Met job.’
‘No.’ That hurt St Cloud considerably. For a second he felt his blood come up, but then he remembered that Burrows was a techno, a drone, brilliant with machines but not with human beings. He said, ‘It’s a private enquiry. And I’m paying, I insist.’
Burrows laughed. ‘Okay, insist.’
This used to be so routine. All it took was paperwork and questions, and an officer driving down to South London, and then he would get answers – reports and statements. He had taken it for granted. He had taken a lot of things for granted.
He said, ‘I’d like you to do a hex dump for me.’
‘Flavour of the month. What is it, a phone?’
‘No. A flash drive.’
‘Oh. Bit bigger. How many meg?’
‘Search me.’
‘Shouldn’t be a problem, anyhow. Any idea what you’re looking for?’
‘Maybe emails and text messages, downloaded. That’s what I got told was on it. But I wouldn’t say the information was reliable. There could be anything.’
‘Okay. When would it have been deleted?’
‘Before last Wednesday night. But other than that, your guess is as good as mine.’
‘What’s on it now?’
‘It’s completely blank. No files.’
‘What about empty folders?
‘Nothing.’
‘Right. Well, shouldn’t take too long. I’m in first thing, I can run it then. Probably have some sort of result for you in the afternoon. Can you get it to me today?’
‘I’ll drop it at yours. Are you still in Champion Hill?’
‘Yes. Out later, though, we’re going round to friends. Drop it through the letterbox. How much are you insisting on paying me?’
‘What’s the going rate?’
‘I’m joking, Michael.’
‘I’m not.’
‘Then I’ll bill you on receipt of goods.’
St Cloud thanked him and cut the call. He lit a cigarette and thought long and hard about random things: Malahide putting a brown envelope in his drawer in a furtive fashion; his friend Emerick, CEO of a firm that was going to be worth twice as much tomorrow as it was this morning; his son, high as a kite, ready to shoot. Then he thought about a few little round indentations in the carpet of a dead man’s floor, and duct tape wound round his eyes and his mouth. None of it made a lot of sense. He put out the cigarette, and made another call.
‘Hello, Mrs Daniels.’
‘Hello.’
‘Got a babysitter?’
‘Hugh’s here.’
‘You wanted to meet up.’
‘Yes.’
‘Where?’
‘The Tower City hotel. Fenchurch Street.’
‘You’re fast.’
‘In the bar, at the back of the lobby.’
‘Eight?’
‘Eight.’
He wrapped the flash drive in a brown envelope and marked it “From St Cloud”, then drove to Champion Hill and dropped it through Paul Burrows’ box. Then he sent Bonnie a text: Got to go somewhere be back late X. He waited in the car a few minutes, and watched a Sunday evening pass along quietly outside. The radio played the standards: a kid washed away on a school trip; a baby left to starve in Brum; a footballer caught drink-driving. After a while his phone beeped, and he dug it out of a pocket. That’s fine, hope you don’t mind but I’ll probably stay at Saskia’s. X. He liked the way she punctuated texts properly and didn’t do all that “gr8” shit. He wrote: Okay. See you tomorrow X
He drove from Burrows’s house back up Champion Hill and parked just around the corner in Windsor Way, behind Denmark Hill station. The station occupied a quarter of the old yellow brick building. This quarter was tiny and empty but for an old-fashioned screen telling you there weren’t many trains and the ones there were weren’t going to get you anywhere very fast. (The remaining three quarters was the Phoenix, risen from the flames of the old Southern Railway, and St Cloud’s favourite bar in the whole world.) He headed down to the platform. A small, thin youth approached him and asked for money. He gave him the tablet, not exactly knowing why. Eventually a crawler arrived and he hopped on it with the Sunday nighters – going to work, going to town, going to the dogs. He took the District from Victoria and walked up Tower Hill. The Tower City Hotel was about halfway up on the right, before Fenchurch Street station; next door was a café, closed now, and St Cloud remembered sharing a Sunday morning coffee with Bonnie there once, early in their affair, when they couldn’t find anywhere cheaper that was open. It got interrupted, he remembered now, by a phone call, news of a policeman found hanging in a park. That was the nature of his history – nice memories ended abruptly, crushed against the brick walls of outside events. He remembered how well Bonnie had taken it, how they had kissed on parting, how he had thought of little else for the rest of the day. He remembered something else, a conversation they shared one night even earlier, passing this way late at night, when she had said gently, “I think that’s why I like you”, after she had discovered the blackest of his troubles. He switched off the thought and his mind went back to the usual things – dead men, guns, the warm, dark city.


The hotel lobby was wide, with a low ceiling, and elegant chairs. St Cloud passed a desk, behind which blue-lit girls in tight striped waistcoats looked down at computer screens. In the bar a kind of opulent quasi-Egyptian theme was going on; it felt a little like Harrods, minus the pomp and the fish counter and the tourists. The place wasn’t meant for Sunday nights. It was sparsely populated – a few couples shared drinks, lone businessmen contemplated the prospect of the mini-bar and the porn channels, and men in pressed jeans talked viciously of swings and handicaps. St Cloud avoided them all and found a table in the corner. He asked for a coffee, a scotch and coke and a glass of wine, thinking that if he got stood up he could probably deal with all three in some sequence or other. The waiter headed off. He contemplated the view through the darkening window, and softly probed his injured mouth with the inside of his tongue. It still hurt like hell. The waiter came back and gave him his drinks and a little printed bill. He dropped it on to the table, and started with the coffee. The sky got darker.
She arrived a few minutes later, wearing a coat, which – when she took it off – revealed a top with a zipper down the side eagerly pleading to be pulled, and a side-slashed skirt which showed nice, shapely legs in stockings. Her curls put in another decent shift, and her eyes and lips shone like disco lights. Everyone in the place turned to look at her, even the girls – especially the girls. It wasn’t quite Bonnie in a wraparound dress, but it wasn’t wallpaper, either. St Cloud was getting spoilt in his old age.
He said, ‘I got you a drink.’
She replied, ‘Thanks.’
He passed her the wine. He finished the coffee, and then moved on to the scotch and coke. They eyed each other carefully, while this went on. Then he asked,
‘What made you suggest here?’
‘I come here occasionally,’ she said carelessly. ‘To meet clients.’
‘People needing wedding advice?’
‘That’s right.’
‘Just those people?’
‘Yes.’
‘Kind of a discreet place to discuss the number of layers on a cake.’
She raised an eyebrow. ‘I think it’s as good a place as any.’
He nodded.
‘We’re not slumming it tonight, then?’
‘Not yet, no.’ She was light tonight, like a feather, like a bird.
She crossed her legs and carried on with her wine.
He asked, ‘What did you do with the flash drive, now that you’ve got it back?’
She purred, ‘I don’t really see that that’s much of your business. Do you?’
‘Things don’t necessarily end at the point of transaction.’
‘No?’
‘No. Pet shops want to know you’re feeding their rabbits okay.’
‘Is that why you ask? An aftercare service?’
‘I’m just curious.’
‘Then let me satisfy you on this point.’ Her foot brushed his knee, and she said prettily, ‘I’m still feeding your rabbits okay.’
He finished his drink, and called the waiter over, then ordered the same again, minus the coffee. She was still only halfway through the first glass of wine. He said, 
‘I haven’t asked after my visitor of last night. Did he recover okay?’
She nodded. ‘He slept on the sofa.’
‘Husband okay about strange men on the sofa?’
‘I told you, they’re friends. I told Hugh he’d come to us drunk and needed to sleep it off.’
‘How did you get him out of the car?’
‘He did it himself. I think whatever it was might have worn off a bit.’
‘It was chemical. He was bouncing off the walls.’
‘Is that why you assaulted him?’
‘No. I did that because I thought he might shoot me.’
She just shrugged her shoulders.
‘What did he say this morning?’
‘Not much. He got up early and went.’
‘Without a word?’
‘He just said he’d had a heavy night and done something stupid. He walked to the tube station. It wasn’t really unlike James, actually. I don’t think Hugh thought anything of it.’
‘Did he tell you what he wanted from me? Or what the old man wanted, I should say.’
She shook her head. ‘No.’
‘Oh.’
‘Do you really think his father was behind it, then?’
‘I do. Today I spent another afternoon in the old man’s company, as it happens. That didn’t go any better than last time. I know you all think old Malahide is a saint, but from what I’ve seen of him he seems to be in the pocket of some big time property developer called Emerick, and is unduly assisting him to get even more big time.’
Clarissa Daniels shook her head. ‘He wouldn’t do that. James can tell you. The father is whiter than white.’
‘So was Nixon.’
‘Really.’
‘I’ve seen it with my own eyes. It’s no wonder your friend Chakaravarti had him in his sights. He’s a blackmailer’s dream, what with that clean apron and his fingers in the pie.’ He looked at her. ‘Not that you’re in a position to judge.’
Her eyes flashed. ‘No.’
She finished her glass of wine.
He said, ‘Do you want another?’
She shook her head. ‘No. I have some business to attend to tomorrow. I have an early start.’
‘Oh.’
There was a predictable minute, before she said:
‘Don’t get confused. I’m just telling you so you know why it’s here, rather than anywhere else.’
He understood. ‘Going east from Fenchurch Street?’
She looked into his eyes, not blinking.
‘That’s right. First thing in the morning. Four fifteen.’
He drank up.
‘I’d better go, then.’
‘Me first.’
‘Right.’
He gave her ten minutes. That was all it took for the sky to get completely dark. Then he took the stairs. When he got to the fourth floor he found a short, empty corridor and the door to 415 slightly ajar. He pushed it open. She stood by the window, looking out over the Barbican and beyond. She turned round, and walked towards him. He placed a hand at the back of her head and let the loose curls glide through his fingers like ambrosia. Then he kissed her, hard and loose, deep and wet. Then they pulled each other down on to the bed, and grabbed madly at buttons, zippers, catches. When there was nothing left to shed, his hands smoothed her out like jam and he went at her – hell for leather, like tomorrow would not come.
Much later, when they lay in the dark, she murmured, ‘Will you let me do something?’
‘What?’
‘I want to know you.’
‘Mrs Daniels, you know enough already.’
‘No.’ She sat up, and then sat astride his him. In the gloom she cut a dim silhouette. She was heavy on his hips, heavier than Bonnie. ‘I want to know you, inside and out.’
‘You do know me.’
‘No. I want to really know you.’
‘You’re a blast, Mrs Daniels. One screw and you’re on to the funny stuff.’
She put her hands on his chest, palms down, and said, ‘Your house.’
‘What about it?’
‘You don’t live there alone, do you?’
He said simply, ‘No.’
‘No.’ Her fingers spread out, and pushed into his sternum. ‘Well, I want to know about that.’
‘What about that?’
‘About your not living alone.’
He said, ‘I don’t know what you mean.’
‘I want to know about her.’
St Cloud shook his head.
The fingers pushed a little deeper, then scurried across his chest, like spiders’ legs.
‘She didn’t get home for an hour, did she? After I had left.’
He sat up. ‘How do you know that?’
‘I saw her. I waited with James in the car for a while.’
‘A while? That was an hour. That’s more than a while.’
‘Yes. I waited.’
He said coldly, ‘Why would you do that?’
‘I wanted to know about her. I want you to tell me about her, now.’
He said, ‘Forget it.’
In the dark she felt for his hands, and placed hers on top of them, then she interweaved her fingers with his. 
‘I want to know about these hands.’
St Cloud said, ‘I’ve told you this already, but you’re nuts, Mrs Daniels.’
‘I want to know about your hands.’
‘What about them?’
She dug her fingers into his and brought his left hand up, then placed it on her right hip. Slowly, she moved it up the side of her body, across her breasts. It was a ride in the dark like Space Mountain.
She asked, ‘How did you get the gun?’
‘What?’
‘Last night. You said James pointed a gun at you. You must have taken it from him. How did you do that?’
She brought the other hand up, as well, in the same fashion. If he’d had another hand, he’d have wanted the same again. He said,
‘I threw a glass of water in his face.’
‘Is that all?’
‘Not all. I knocked him around a little.’
‘Just a little?’
‘Just a little.’
She breathed in, and brought the two hands together. Then she pulled them apart again and moved them back to her hips.
‘Did you hit him?’
‘Well, I don’t know.’
‘Don’t you?’
‘Kind of, I suppose.’
‘Did you hit him in the face?’
‘What exact–’
‘Did you hit that fucker in the face?’
He was surprised.
‘No. Maybe. I don’t know.’ He straightened his legs. ‘Does it matter?’
‘It does. Did you – strike him?’
‘Strike him?’
‘Well, did you? Did you strike that dirty fucker?’
‘Yes. Yes, I struck him.’
She shook her head around. 
‘Which hand?’
She dug her knees into the bed, and lifted her hips, and then eased down on to him. She felt better than ever. Her fingers dug harder into his hands. She repeated, ‘Which hand struck him?’
‘The left.’
She dug her nails hard into his left hand, which hurt him a bit, and brought it to her mouth. Then, moving slowly at first and then quicker, she put it into her mouth and devoured it, finger by finger, teeth scraping bone.
After this she said, ‘I want to know more.’
She bent over and gave him a long, lingering kiss. Then she pulled away, picked him up and shook him hard from side to side. It was sweet agony being fucked like that. She said, through gritted teeth:
‘I want to know about the man you killed.’
He broke free of her grip, and put his hands on her hips, like he was stopping a fairground ride. She held his wrists, pushed them away, and cried, ‘How? How did you kill him?’
He tried to sit up, but she brought her knees up and pushed him down.
He snarled: ‘I told you not to ask me about that.’
‘But I fucking well want to know.’
‘I’m not telling you.’
‘I want to know how you did it. How you killed him. Was it with this hand? Was it?’
She put his right hand to her mouth, and bit the palm, hard. He yelled and tore it free of her grasp, and with a heave upwards he pushed her off him. She slapped him across the face. He pushed her shoulders back on the bed. She spat:
‘Answer me, you fucking dog.’
He took hold of her wrists, hard. She cried out:
‘You’re not fucking that ugly little whore now.’
He lifted a hand to strike her, then let it drop. Instead he grabbed her hips, and went at her again, hammer and tongs – hands on her shoulders, knees pressed into her, hips locked. After a while she started making a low noise; he wasn’t sure if she was coming, or crying, or laughing; or all of these things.


He got home at four. His mouth hurt like hell and his hands bore the bloody scrape of her teeth and her fingernails. He put the key in the door, and opened it up. He stumbled in the door and clicked the light on.
The place looked like it had exploded. The sofa was at an angle, the table upturned. Cups and glasses on the side were smashed to pieces. 
There wasn’t a lot of valuables, but all of them were still where they were.
But not everything was left behind. The Beretta was gone.
He sat on the floor and smoked a cigarette. He had smelt a lot of rotten money, and it had made him sick. He had found and lost a gun, which might or might not have shot somebody in the head. And his mouth tasted of blood and of a woman who wasn’t his. It had been a hell of a day.


Monday morning in Mare Street was the outward manifestation of the calcified grime that was smeared inside St Cloud’s head. Around him people jabbed thumbs through their weekend memories and climbed back into the machine. He juddered along in a traffic jam, too many people on the road, too many cars for the traffic signals, angry horn-led descants accompanying the urgent ascending chords of shaking fists and single fingers. Beneath him the car coughed oil and impatience; his ankles felt like someone had tied wire to them. Under grey skies people scurried – nasty young mothers still in dressing gowns on their way to the school gates, kids playing dumbster chasing games, Kurds and Kosovars hoping to catch the gimlet eye of the gangmaster; the pavements echoed to the sound of their slippers, their trainers, their boots, all stomping and shuffling behind the drone of the paper bag brigade, the soothsayers of their own imagination, the dirge of the demented. St Cloud slipped into Silesia Buildings, and parked up on a yellow. He was just glad to get out of the stream.
At a glance, the offices at 146A hadn’t changed in the slightest. St Cloud found the bony girl sat at the same desk still filing her nails. It might have been last Thursday all over again. All that was missing was a fat man and a fly.
The girl looked up. She didn’t seem to recognise him.
She asked, ‘What is it?’
He went for the safe option. ‘I don’t know if you remember. My name is St Cloud. I came to see Mr Chakaravarti last Thursday afternoon.’
She said automatically, ‘Mr Chakaravarti is not here any more.’ 
‘I know, but I – ’
She went back to filing her nails.
‘Mr Chakaravarti is dead.’
‘Yes, I know that.’
The police had probably been here, by now, asking questions. He wondered whether the murder squad was investigating, or whether it was the local Borough; and if so, what offence any of it constituted. He wondered if they were as confused as he was about the dead man’s end. He said, ‘I’m not here to see him, I’m here to ask you something.’
She looked up, surprised. ‘Me?’
‘Yes.’
She narrowed her eyes, which was a feat with eyes as wide and bright as that. 
‘I’d like to know if Mr Chakaravarti ever had any dealings with a man called Henry Malahide.’
She backed her chair away and asked, ‘Who did you say you were?’
‘My name is St Cloud. I’m from an insurance company.’ He reached into a pocket, and found one of the Stargate cards. ‘We used to insure certain securities for the late Mr Chakaravarti. There are one or two securities where we are now likely to face applications, which we suspect might be based on spurious claims now that our client is dead. I’m afraid if these spurious claims were settled they might have negative consequences for the company.’
The king of spurious claims handed her the business card. She turned it over, looking somewhat puzzled. ‘Have you ever dealt with us before?’
‘I dealt with Mr Chakaravarti. He was my client.’
‘But I have never heard of you.’
He nodded. ‘He liked to keep these arrangements at a certain level. He wouldn’t necessarily have trusted subordinates.’
She said indignantly, ‘That is wrong. I know everything that comes into this office. All visitors, callers, everything.’
He shrugged – as if to say, “maybe not”.
She filed her nails some more. She was pretty under all the camouflage. He wondered whether to tell her so, and decided it might ruin the insurance-man act. He didn’t think insurance men did that kind of bullshit.
She asked, ‘Is this what you came to see him about last week?’
‘That’s right.’
‘Wasn’t that about a letter of some sort?’
He nodded.
‘It was related to the securities. The claims in question.’
‘Oh.’
She filed some more nails. He said, ‘I asked you about a man called Henry Malahide.’
She said, ‘I don’t think I should answer that.’
He said, ‘Okay,’ and placed his hands flat on her desk. She looked up again. He said, ‘Tell me something – are you the only secretary here? It might be that I need to speak to your supervisor, or a colleague of Mr Chakaravarti’s or somebody else knows a little more about the actual business.’
That hit the bullseye.
She said defiantly, ‘I am the office manager here. I know everything. And I can tell you categorically – ’ she made this word sing out, long and dislocated – ‘that there is nothing in the files about your Henry Malahide.’
She patted the top of her computer to show her complete dominance over the thing, over the office, over the business.
He believed her.
He said, ‘Well, then. What about Emerick, Raymond Emerick? Or a company called EXD? They build things, big things.’
She gave this some thought, then shook her head. ‘No.’
‘Don’t you need to look on your computer?’
‘No. I do not know that name.’
He was blank. He tried for one last go. ‘There is also the question of a posthumous claim being settled on the case of a young boy.’ He summoned up the name from the crime report. ‘He was called Marlon Samuels.’
‘Please, this is enough – ’
‘I’m afraid he was killed.’
‘Killed?’
‘There is a dispute about criminal compensation.’
She sighed. ‘This name is familiar.’ She tapped on her keyboard and put her chin on her hand. After a minute she said, ‘But I’m afraid to say there is nobody called Marlon Samuels.’
‘No? I thought you said it was familiar.’
‘We have some Samuels. No Marlons.’
‘The first name may be different.’
‘Wait a minute.’ She tapped some more, then said, ‘There are three. None of them are the one you mention.’ She tapped once more, and an old fashioned printer chugged and spooled. Long nails snatched a sheet from the printer; she looked at it, then reluctantly handed it across. It was faint and it had a few names and addresses, but that was all.
He said, ‘It doesn’t say here what any of these cases are.’ Then he added meanly, ‘Perhaps they don’t let you see that kind of detail, I presume it’s kept from you.’
She got mad as hell about that; she couldn’t resist it. She looked back at the screen and said, like she was chewing lemons, ‘Anthony Samuels. He got divorced from his wife. Is that the one you want?’
He shook his head.
‘Shelby Samuels. He is a young boy. But he was not killed. He had his foot taken off in a train accident last year.’
‘Not that one, either,’ said St Cloud. ‘The last one – JM Samuels – what’s that?’
‘That was a criminal case. A police case.’
‘That sounds like the one. What was the case?
She read some details on the screen, grimaced, and said: ‘I cannot divulge that.’
‘You divulged a broken marriage and a lost foot.’
‘I cannot help you any more.’
‘Does the middle initial stand for “Marlon”?’
‘I cannot – ’
‘It does, doesn’t it?’
‘I cannot help you.’
She was riled. She clicked a button, pushed the screen away and looked up at him, a hard, square expression on her face, the look of a tough girl getting tougher. He folded the piece of paper and put it in his pocket, lest the long nails snatch it back. She said, ‘I don’t know quite who you say you are – ’
‘St Cloud, like I told you. My mobile is O treble 7 648 double 2 double 5. It’s written on the card. If Henry Malahide or Raymond Emerick show up, I’d like to know about it. There could be money in it for you.’
She looked unimpressed by that. She picked up the card between her forefinger and middle finger, splayed the rest of her fingers out, and slowly moved in an arc down into a drawer, which she shut in a fashion that told him not to expect it to ever get looked at again. He nodded and had a final look around the office. Then he decided fresh air would be better. She didn’t weep about that.


When he got back to the Leon he sat and looked at the three names and addresses. All of them lived within a couple of miles of where he now sat. The divorce case was in N1, which was Hoxton, or maybe Shoreditch, while the train accident lived near Finsbury Park. They didn’t interest St Cloud though, not compared to the JM Samuels, the criminal case – who lived on Cassland Road, at the city end of Victoria Park. He looked at the sheet of paper a couple more times, and then decided that looking at it wasn’t going to achieve anything. So he started the car.
Cassland Road is a ribbon of old-charm terraces and grim estates, which is tied taut between Hackney proper and that busy piece of city below the North Circular, and people play it like a banjo string. St Cloud played E flat: he found himself in a forbidding, grey-yellow pebble-dashed collection of ten-storey blocks, which showed impenetrable faces to the street like those fortress cliffs between Amalfi and Positano, but without the pretty houses and the glistening Mediterranean. At the entrance to the estate there was a board with a map, showing the blocks as black rectangles with numbers, and there were the usual half-hearted purple squiggles of graffiti across it. The flat he wanted was on the ground floor, and from outside it consisted of a wooden front door and a window, both behind iron grilles. The door had no letterbox, and the locks looked like they had been changed recently. As he got closer he saw familiar things: the faint, oily impression of the sole of a boot on the untreated wood of the door, and little indentations on the opening edge which just happened to be the size and shape of a large flat-head screwdriver. He picked up the grille and gave it a shake. It was always like this: the ground floor of a block was burglar’s alley. He reached through and knocked on the door, hard, twice – a police knock. He got no answer, so he did it again. After a minute there was a soft padding sound from inside the flat, and the sound of something being unlocked. The door swung open to reveal a small black girl of no more than twenty, swathed in a pale blue headscarf. She had a light-skinned oval face and brown, fearful eyes.
‘Hello,’ he said. ‘I’m looking for somebody called Samuels.’
She looked back at him blankly. He asked:
‘Can you help me please?’
She looked down at the floor, then back up to him. He repeated the question. She shook her head.
‘Can’t you help me?’
She shook her head again.
‘Don’t you speak English?’
She shook her head again, and lowered her eyes. 
‘I’m looking for Samuels. JM Samuels.’
There was no reaction to the name. He asked,
‘Is he dead?’ then,
‘Did he live here?’ then,
‘Was he killed recently?’ then,
‘Do you know if the “M” stood for Marlon?’ 
She shook her head, took a step backwards, and slowly closed the door. He let her do it. Then he walked a few steps along to the next flat. This one had a blue front door, with proper mouldings and wire glass, the original 1950s version with the letterbox still square in the middle. Only white families who didn’t worry about midnight firebombs could afford such a luxury. He gave it a knock, softer this time. It was opened by a young blonde girl, sixteen or so, with a nose stud and a screaming baby. She looked as rough as emery paper. She eyed him up and down and asked:
‘Filth?’
He said, ‘Insurance company.’
‘What do you want?’
‘Looking for somebody. I got told he lived next door. The name is Samuels, JM Samuels.’
She shook her head, and hauled her baby further up on to her shoulders.
‘There’s Somalians in there, don’t speak English.’
‘How long have they been there?’
‘Month or so.’
‘What about Samuels?’
‘He the geezer before them?’ 
‘Probably.’
‘Ain’t been here for six months or so.’
‘Oh. Is he dead?’
She sniffed. ‘Don’t know. Might be. Though I heard on the estate he’d fucked off somewhere with somebody’s money.’
‘Drug money?’
She nodded. ‘Pigs came a few times.’
‘Do you know what the “M” stood for? Was it Marlon?’
‘Search me.’
‘Was he a kid? A teenager?’
She shook her head. ‘No, mate, old geezer. Grey hair. Grey beard.’
‘White?’
‘Black. Fifty ish.’
‘Fifty?’
‘At least.’
‘Okay.’
She banged the door shut. He had another look at the brown front door, then gave up and went back to the Leon. He sat in it, lit a cigarette, and he rang Bonnie.
‘Hi.’
‘Hi.’
‘Home okay?’
‘Yes.’
‘Have a nice time at Saskia’s?’
‘Yes. I’m just about to have a nap.’
‘Lazy-head.’
‘Afternoon sleeps are the best.’
‘I could certainly use one.’
‘Come home, then.’
‘Later. I’ll see you when you wake up.’
‘Where are you?’
‘Just out and about. I’ve got some people to see. Be home later.’
‘Why is there broken glass on the kitchen floor?’
‘Because I didn’t clear up properly.’
‘Oh. Did you break something, then?’
‘Not exactly. It’s a long story. I’ll tell you later.’
‘Okay.’
Then he rang off and called Paul Burrows.
‘Hi, Michael, it’s taking a little longer than I thought.’
‘Something wrong with it?’
‘No, no, just all the readers are in use. Some big job over the weekend. Be able to get back to you by this afternoon, I should think.’
‘Okay, thanks.’
‘What are you expecting?’
‘I don’t know, actually.’
‘Okay, be through by end of play today or first thing tomorrow.’
It was a day for sticking and not twisting, a day for dead ends. He thought about calling Clarissa Daniels, but decided that wouldn’t be any less sticky than the rest of it.


He drove out of the estate, back on to Cassland Road proper and down towards Victoria Park itself, that green boot in the middle of the grey, the place where the marathon runners and the dog walkers go to hide. He skirted round it using Cadogan Terrace and down towards Old Ford, then turned in towards the city. Soon he found himself drifting through East London: the London of Georgian terraces, of hidden canals, of shit-strewn estates and burnt out cars, of twink-pounders, drug dealers, work dodgers, wife-beating scum. It wasn’t just the poor places that were nasty. Come to that, it wasn’t just the people of the Cassland Road estates whose front door got booted in or jemmied open. Somebody had been inside his house last night, that little house that he and Bonnie kept from the rest of the world. They hadn’t bothered to disguise it: they were either reckless or they were invincible – or they wanted him to think they were these things.
He would have to go through everything and make sure nothing was taken. Except the Beretta, of course.
Was that what they were after?
Or had they just found it and thought it worth keeping?
Had that gun shot Chakaravarti?
Had James Malahide fired it? 
Outside more streets, more people, more stone, brick and concrete passed by. Another park came and went. He thought momentarily of Clarissa Daniels and all that scratching, biting sex, but made himself stop and think about something else. He fixed on old man Malahide. 
Did he really send his wayward son to put a bullet through Chakaravarti’s skull?
Was James so out of his tree that he didn’t notice Chakaravarti had long left the living?
That didn’t really make sense. He could hardly imagine a doped up James Malahide tidying up that room like that, and doing such a thorough job on the fat man’s wrists and elbows. No, somebody else had done that. Maybe there was an accomplice. Or it was someone else completely. But if so, what had Malahide been doing there that night? He pulled the car over and thought it through again. Something stirred in his mind. 
With a jolt, he realised he had driven to Colthurst Square.


He got out and strolled across to the children’s playground. When he reached the other side he saw a blue Volvo parked and two people getting out of it. He recognised Rodmartin, a coat buttoned against the spring breeze, wrestling with a couple of shopping bags. On the other side of the car stood a middle-aged man, bespectacled and running to fat, wearing a double-breasted suit and polished shoes. He looked incongruous in Stoke Newington at this time of day, and he seemed to know it: he looked at his watch, and said something to Rodmartin. St Cloud approached them. Rodmartin saw him, puzzled at first, and then a look of recognition passed across her face.
‘Oh, hello.’ She turned to the man, and said. ‘Philip, this is the man who came to see me. About the boy who got killed here.’
The man looked at St Cloud, then at his watch. He said, ‘Oh. Mother– ’ in a Bates Motel kind of a way.
‘He wanted to know about it.’
The man said, ‘Mother, I’d better get back – ’
‘Can’t you help me up the stairs?’
St Cloud remembered what Rodmartin had said the other day about her son: he’s a little prick. He looked him over, and said:
‘I’ll take the shopping up if you want.’
‘Oh.’ He looked a little put out. ‘I don’t know. No, no, I’ve got a few minutes.’
Rodmartin ignored him. ‘They catch the boy yet?’
‘Don’t think so,’ answered St Cloud.
‘Pity.’
‘Yes.’
The little prick asked, ‘Why were you interested?’
‘Work,’ he lied. ‘Insurance.’
‘Life claim?’
Mrs Rodmartin added, ‘Philip’s in insurance, as well.’
St Cloud nodded. These things happened. He looked the little prick in the eye. ‘That right?’
He nodded awkwardly. ‘Totally different, though. It’s not quite insurance, not really.’ (I’ll bet it is, thought St Cloud nastily.) ‘Actually, I trade liabilities for construction projects. Well, specialist engineering projects really.’
‘Oh. Boom time for you, as well, then. Biggest building project in the world, I hear.’
He shook his head. ‘No. I’m not on that. Smaller scale things, really. Company’s just getting off the ground.’
Rodmartin was looking back at the road, shaking her head. ‘There was that other one near here, mum was on TV. It needs stopping.’
‘I know,’ said St Cloud gently. ‘We talked about it last time.’
Her son picked up a couple of shopping bags, and made to go up the steps. St Cloud looked him over. He would have to stop pretending he worked in insurance. Even the little prick couldn’t admit it, giving all that bullshit about construction projects – 
A thought struck him.
He said, ‘You’re in the building industry?’
The son nodded. ‘Yes, that’s right.’
‘Well, you might be able to answer a question for me, then.’
‘Oh?’
‘Something doesn’t seem to be that straight to me, even though everybody keeps insisting it is. Maybe you can help me out.’
He looked at his watch again, and said, ‘I’m a bit pushed – ’
‘Let me try out a hypothesis on you. If I was a bent councillor on the planning committee and a friend of mine owned a construction company and was bidding against other companies for a contract – a sizeable contract, that is – and I had absolutely nothing to do with the decision, is there any way I could fix it? By the back door, I mean – stick something in the building regulations, in the covenants, that kind of thing?’
He shook his head. ‘I wouldn’t think so. You might have a say about change of use, or if it were a conservation area there would be an environmental aspect you might restrict. And there’d be a community consultation, as well. But all those things would have been done long before it ever got to any tender stage. And there would have been safeguards built in, probably, checks and balances.’
Rodmartin said, ‘I saw the boy shoot him.’
St Cloud spun around. ‘You did?’
‘Yes.’
‘But you told me you only heard it. Then you rushed to the window.’
‘Oh yes.’
The son looked at his watch again. St Cloud turned back to him. ‘So are you saying it’s impossible? That the award of a contract can’t be fixed?’
He shook his head. ‘That’s right. Not unless – well, not unless you were bid rigging. But you wouldn’t need to corrupt a councillor for that.’
‘Bid rigging? What’s that?’
‘Tends to only work on niche contracts, where there aren’t many suppliers. Classic example’s restoring thatched roofs or dry-stone walls. And like I say, you wouldn’t need to have the council on board. In fact, that’s the last thing you’d do.’
‘Oh.’ St Cloud had a momentary vision of an athletics stadium with a thatched roof. That didn’t seem likely. He asked anyway, ‘What is it?’
‘Well, say the town hall needs a new thatched roof which should cost 100 grand, and only two thatchers exist in the town. Well, both secretly get together and agree that one tenders at 200 grand and one at 210 grand The contract gets awarded to the 200 grand bid – double what the public authority wanted to pay. The unsuccessful thatcher gets paid a 50 grand cut by the successful one, so everyone ends up 50 grand up, and the public are out of pocket, without even knowing about it.’ He looked at his damned watch again. ‘Sometimes there’s no cut – they just have a gentleman’s agreement to do the opposite next time.’
‘That doesn’t sound fair.’
‘It isn’t. It’s highly illegal. But like I say, the last thing you’d want is the local council involved. They’re the ones who would be getting ripped off.’
A lot of things suddenly came back to St Cloud – Bonnie saying nobody looked very nervous; the lion winking at her; the man from Superbowl stifling a laugh when Emerick thanked them, and getting duly hammered; and that knowing tone: Sometimes you have to take your turn, if you know what I mean.
He knew now.
He said hurriedly, ‘If this was a contract – a really large public contract – ?’
‘Lot more risk of getting caught. Wouldn’t be fifty grand, though, be more like fifty million.’
Rodmartin said, ‘I saw him running away, after he’d shot him.’
St Cloud turned. ‘Yes. Cocky, you said. A cocky little bastard.’
Cocky little bastards. The world was full of them, and some of them wore trainers and some of them wore brogues.
‘Walked off the way they do nowadays. No respect, not even for a life.’
‘Come on Mother, I really do need to get going,’ said the little prick.
‘Thanks,’ said St Cloud, and turned to Rodmartin. ‘I’ll help you upstairs.’
The son still looked nervous about it; but duty won the day. He said: ‘If you’re sure. Thanks.’ Then he got back into the Volvo, and drove off.
St Cloud said to Rodmartin, ‘You’re right. He’s a prick.’
He followed her up the stairs, St Cloud carrying the shopping bags. When they got to the flat he went into the kitchen and placed the bags of shopping on the table. Most of them were full of cat food. He took a look out of the window, and then back at the rest of the room. Colthurst Square sat before him laid out like a football pitch. Rodmartin had just said she had seen the boy shot. Was that only a slip of the tongue? He took a couple of paces back to where the cat’s blanket and bowl were, and then looked across to the window. No – if she were really feeding the cat then she wouldn’t have seen it, couldn’t have seen it.
He wondered how far one could trust her memory, after all.
He said, ‘Maybe you should talk me through it again.’
She looked up at him. ‘Why?’
‘Well, maybe just what you saw. Rather than what you heard.’
‘I told you everything.’
‘Try me.’
‘He was carrying the gun, did I tell you that?’
‘Yes.’ He went back to the window, and looked once again down at the street below, that stretch of black concrete where a life had ended so abruptly.
He asked her, ‘What way did he run?’
‘He didn’t even run. He just walked.’
‘Yes, yes.’
She pointed towards the nearest street out of the square. ‘Those alleys up there run up all the way to Green Lanes and the hotels near the Arsenal, opposite Finsbury Park tube.’
He nodded. They weren’t really hotels. They were halfway houses, drug flops, single rooms caked in shit, with little brown sprays of old blood up the walls from the ankles and calves of injecting residents; they got turned over by the police once a month. But Rodmartin wasn’t to know that. He looked back at the alleyway where she pointed. ‘Did the police search along there?’
‘Oh yes. They had all that tape up for days.’
‘Right.’ His eyes switched back to the road itself. ‘You said something else, do you remember? That he was carrying a baseball bat, as well.’
‘That’s right.’
‘Are you sure he didn’t throw the gun away, then? Or did he carry the gun in one hand and the bat in the other?’
‘The bat he carried behind him, sort of under his arm. The gun he put in his pocket.’
Then he walked away, not even bothering to run.
Not even bothering to run. 
A small light came on in St Cloud’s brain. He said,
‘You said it was a rounders bat, didn’t you?’
‘A stick, I said. A rounders stick.’
That light got brighter.
He said, ‘A stick?’
‘Yes. It might have been a bat, I suppose. I didn’t see it very well. It was under his arm.’
‘Are you sure?’
‘I told you. Held it right under his arm.’
He looked back out at the street. A lot of things were coming to him, fast, like the onrush of traffic. He rested his knuckles on the window sill and asked impatiently: ‘The police ever tell you anything about the dead boy? Who he was?’
She thought for a moment. ‘Not really. They wanted to know if I’d ever seen him around the square.’
‘And?’
‘I thought I had. I wasn’t sure. I thought he was one of a gang of them, always hanging around. They hang around here the whole time.’
He thought long and hard for a few minutes. Then he said, ‘Thanks, Mrs Rodmartin. I won’t bother you any more.’
It was time to twist, and twist again – after all.


He left the car where it was, and walked along the alleyway north, following the path the boy had taken on that fateful night. It slipped between terraced houses and across a parallel street, and then rose slightly and threw a dogleg around a low-rise estate and past some garages. Then he emerged on to a broad street, packed with parked cars and speed humps. A group of large grey tower blocks looked down at him, and he recognised them: the Six Acres. He dug out the piece of paper Chakaravarti’s secretary had given him, and looked at it. Yes, the name of the street looked familiar. He walked on through a maze of little streets and then out on to the Seven Sisters Road. Then he continued down past the shops and finally into the Six Acres itself. He remembered an old murder here, a residents’ march against the council, and the perennially broken CCTV cameras; remembered politicians too, stirring it up.
The address he was looking for was in the furthest grey block from the entrance. Soon he was climbing stairs, following crazy numbers, avoiding the lifts with their bloodstains and the smell of sick and beer. He wondered if he should ring his old friends on the murder teams at Barking or West Hendon, maybe even to get a bit of help. But he decided against it. That was yesterday’s bread. He headed to the tenth floor. Beyond the city sat under leaden skies, a grey and brown collection of the old and the new, the thin and the fat, the wet and the dry. At the end of the row somebody had tried to make it the Chelsea Flower Show, with clay pots and big plants. They still had the iron grilles firmly in place, though. There was something sad about that. He passed along to the third flat, checked the piece of paper once again, and knocked on the front door – softly, not a police knock this time. A middle-aged woman opened it, a big woman wearing a smock and sandals. She said nothing. She just looked at him. 
He said, ‘I’m looking for Shelby Samuels.’
Her eyes drew in, and her jaw toughened a little. She said, ‘Who are you?’
‘I’m from an insurance company.’
‘What do you want?’
‘It’s about the accident.’
‘The what?’
‘The train accident.’
Her mouth twitched. She said, ‘What about it?’
‘There are a couple of issues to discuss.’
‘They changed their mind?’
‘Well, not exactly – ’
‘What damned issues, then?’
She was angry. This was a world of pain, and he was stepping into it.
He said, ‘It’s not as simple as that. I must talk to Shelby Samuels. It wouldn’t be appropriate to talk to anyone else.’
‘You talk to me, or – ’
He broke in, ‘It must be him.’
She carried on looking at him, but yelled ‘Boy!’
From somewhere inside there came a lot of clacking and hollering. Eventually from behind her a boy of about fifteen appeared, fresh faced and bright-eyed. St Cloud looked him over. He held on to his mother’s shoulder. His right leg it finished just above the ankle; his jeans hung loose. She said:
‘This man here wants to talk to you about the accident.’
Shelby Samuels looked at him. ‘From the train people?’
‘I don’t know. Ask him.’
St Cloud said, ‘Insurance.’
‘You talk to him in the sitting room,’ said his mother. ‘Turn that damned TV off.’
She turned and headed back through the house. Shelby Samuels followed, hardly hopping, just placing his hands on the walls here and there. St Cloud followed them through the little flat, and into the sitting room. It wasn’t the nicest room he’d seen that week. It had a threadbare carpet, old chintzy sofas, and nasty orange curtains. A boxy old-fashioned TV was on with the sound down, showing analogue TV, ten floors worth’ of sharpness in the signal. St Cloud hovered. Shelby Samuels did the same, a practised hand on the arm of the sofa.
His mother put her head through the doorway, and said, ‘You answer his damned questions. Not like last time. You call him “sir”. You tell him what you was up to. Don’t let him make you say nothing you don’t want to. If he makes you tell lies, you shout for me.’ She gave St Cloud a tough look. ‘Don’t make him tell no lies.’
St Cloud promised, ‘I won’t.’
She didn’t look convinced. He waited for her to go, and sat on the sofa. Shelby Samuels did the same.
He asked, ‘Shelby, do you remember Mr Chakaravarti, the fat man?’
Samuels nodded. ‘The lawyer – sir.’
‘You went to him about the accident, didn’t you?’
‘Yes, sir.’ Samuels reached over and grabbed a biscuit, and started munching it. ‘There was beef wit t’ trains. I lost my lickle foot. The fat man said I’d earn for it, jam for it.’
‘Compensation?’
‘Yeah, yeah.’
‘Why did he think that?’
‘Cos of the fence.’
‘The fence?’
‘They say me bring it down. But it was down already. When the beef come they try it was fine already.’
‘It was down before the accident?’
‘Yeah, yeah.’
‘And the company said what? That it was okay before, and that you brought it down?’
‘Yeah, yeah.’
‘What were you doing there?’
‘Going home, sir, just going home.’ He finished the biscuit. ‘After I say that the motherfuckers reckoned I was playing, playing like a lickle chile.’
‘They said you were playing on the line?’
‘Yeah, yeah.’
St Cloud nodded. ‘What happened when you tried for compensation, then? Did the fat man help you?’
‘Yes, sir. The motherfuckers start lying, that the fence is down because of Shelby, man, because of Shelby playing on the line. At the mash up, this was.’
‘What mash-up, Shelby?’
‘The big mash up.’
‘At court?’
The boy nodded. ‘Judge, that motherfucker say nobody can prove it, the fence down already, without Shelby. Cos there ain’t no photo, see. Motherfucker says read the sign, man, read the sign, no trespass.’
‘Maybe he’s right,’ said St Cloud. ‘They put signs up like that to stop kids playing –’
‘No, no. I was going home. I told you.’
No trespassing. No case to answer. St Cloud heard the echo of those words, words from the courtroom, from the hovel of an office occupied by Chakaravarti. He felt a momentary flash of pity for this boy, the boy with no foot and only that shark of a lawyer left to fail him.
He asked:
‘Could you actually read it? The sign?’
‘Yeah, yeah.’
He could read. He just didn’t, and he had lost a foot and his faith in the world. And that was not all. Later, he had lost something else. St Cloud could hear the mother banging about in the kitchen. In a quiet voice, he asked,
‘Shelby, I want to ask you about another thing. About your brother.’
‘Got no brother, sir.’
‘No?’
‘No, no.’
‘But you did have, didn’t you?’
‘Yeah.’
‘He was killed, wasn’t he?’
Samuels nodded. His face began, almost imperceptibly, to harden. St Cloud ploughed on. 
‘Not on the railway line, though.’
‘No, no.’
‘He was shot, wasn’t he? Shot and killed in Colthurst Square.’
Samuels nodded again.
‘Yes, sir.’
The police are investigating it, yes? Did they speak to you, Shelby?’
‘Yeah. Bresnan.’
‘He the man who spoke to you?’
‘Yeah. Detective Constable Bresnan. Asking about Logic and mash ups.’
‘Logic?’
‘Logic died. They gone messing up ma and Josephina.’
‘Josephina?’
‘She don’t not gone. Kingston.’
‘Logic? That your brother’s street name?’
‘Yeah, yeah.’
‘You said mash ups? Do you mean gang stuff?’
He nodded. ‘Yeah, yeah. N16, Holly Street, all of them.’ 
N16. London gangs know their postcodes better than the Royal Mail.
‘Did they speak to you here, Shelby – or at the police station?’
‘Here, man.’
St Cloud nodded. It would have been like that, soft and easy. Nobody would have roughed him up. Nobody probably thought they needed to.
But he disagreed. It was time for the harder stuff.
‘Shelby, a woman heard your brother get shot, did you know that?’
He shook his head.
‘She’s an old woman. She isn’t a spring chicken but she isn’t soft in the head, either. She heard the shot and rushed to her window and looked out. And do you know what she saw, Shelby?’
He shook his head. He had his hands, palms down by his side, and he looked ready to jump.
‘Come on, Shelby. I think you do.’
‘You ain’t no insurance man.’
‘What did she see?’
‘I don’t no go – ’
He broke in, ‘She saw you.’
Shelby Samuels stared back at him, gripping the sofa. He looked unable to know what to do or say next. St Cloud leant closer.
‘She thought you were carrying a baseball bat. But you weren’t, were you? You were carrying a stick, under your arm. Do you know something, Shelby? She thought you were sauntering away from the scene of your brother’s murder, giving it large, like you kill a brother every day of the week. You weren’t though, were you? You were limping out of it, limping with a stick under your arm because you don’t have a foot and you can’t fucking walk.’
‘That’s enough!’
The woman was stood in the doorway. St Cloud turned to look at her. As he did the boy launched himself, landing a hard, painful blow to St Cloud’s face. St Cloud stood up and pushed the boy back down to the seat. 
The woman said, ‘What the hell going on in my house?’
Samuels cried, ‘Motherfucker ain’t no insurance man. He’s police.’
He took another run at St Cloud, who gave him some more of the same. The woman said, ‘You touch that boy again I kill you.’
St Cloud stood up, and faced her. She yelled,
‘What you been saying to my boy?’
‘I’ve been telling him something he doesn’t like to hear. I’ve been telling him that somebody saw him, limping with a stick, limping away from the scene of his brother’s murder.’
Her face contorted with rage.
‘Get out my house!’
‘I can go to the police.’
‘You can go to the devil.’
‘Just like your boys – ’
Shelby Samuels hit him from behind, a blow just above the knees. It brought him crashing to the floor. St Cloud kicked him off, but there were hands grabbing him, woman’s hands. She was big and strong and she had his collar, his jacket, and she virtually threw him out into the hallway. He scrambled to his feet. The door slammed, leaving the two of them in the hall, facing each other like heavyweights. If he wanted to stay in the flat he would have to fight her, and both of them knew that wasn’t going to happen. So he backed off, pace by pace, to the front door. He took a step outside. The door slammed in his face.
‘Fuck it,’ he said to the city.


There was a pale sun in the grey sky. There was blood on his lips, and his mouth was sore again. He breathed out, and dragged himself down the ten long flights of stairs, following the smell and the graffiti and seeing the squares unfold below him, the square where Rodmartin lived, the square where that night a shot had rung out, above the shouts and the yells and the squealing tyres of the night. Shelby Samuels had stood there, stood in the roadway, his stick under his arm, a gun in his hand, metal glinting in the light –
Glinting in the light - 
His phone rang.
‘What.’
‘Jesus, Michael, you sound done in.’
It was Burrows.
‘Hi Paul,’ he said. ‘I’ve had a bit of an afternoon of it.’
‘You have?’
‘I’ve had three hours sleep, and everybody seems to want to kill me by a thousand cuts.’
‘Oh.’
‘And I have one hell of a headache.’
‘Why? What have you been up to?’
‘I got talking to a little prick, by accident, who told me something profound. Then I got talking to his mother, again by accident, and she did the same.’
‘Well, you know what they say.’
‘What?’
‘Accidents come in threes.’
‘Is that what this is? An accident?’
‘I might tell you something profound.’
He was awake again. ‘Go on, tell me. That flash drive. It isn’t blank at all, is it?’
‘No.’
‘What’s on it?’
‘Patience. All sectors are shown as available for rewriting, so it’s been wiped by somebody recently. But there’s very little rewriting on it.’
‘So?’
‘They aren’t emails or text messages, though, like you thought. Not any sort of text file.’
‘No?’
‘No. Jpeg files.’
‘Images?’
‘Photographs. Or should I say, one photograph.’
‘Did you get it back?’
‘Mostly. Won’t get published in the National Geographic, but you can make out what’s going on.’
‘And what’s going on?’
‘It’s confusing but – well, it seems to show a dead body.’
‘Jesus. What sort of dead body?’
‘The kind that doesn’t look like it’s going to get up again. And there’s something else, too.’
‘What?’
‘A car. In the background somewhere’
‘Jesus.’
‘Do you want it emailed?’
‘I’ll come and get it. What time do you get home?’
‘Not for ages. Don’t you remember this game?’
He could have taken Burrows’ head off for that. He swallowed his bile and cut the call. It was all washed away from him now, somebody else’s world, somebody else’s – 
Something hit him from behind. His knees cracked against the concrete, then his hands, then his chin. He saw flashes of yellow and white, and then everything felt like it was being squashed in from the sides. There were hands pushing at his shoulders and then he felt a scrabbling inside his jacket. Then there was the sound of a car door slamming. Everything after that was black as death.


He awoke in the dark. It was chilly. And he was sweating, even though it was cold. The cold caught the sweat on his neck and his face and made him even colder. He was outdoors. It was night. The sky was coal-black, like his mind, like his heart.
He sat up. Around him the world was flying, soaring, spinning. He remembered an old song, a song his father would play in the car: I feel like a spinning top, or a dreidel / the spinning don’t stop when you leave the cradle / you just slow down. But it wasn’t just spinning; there were things going on, little things. The whole of it opened up if he looked at it hard enough; there were pockets and cubby holes, flaps that tumbled open when he touched them, little square packages like concertinas that fell to the floor. In one of the pockets was the smell of grass, in another the rustle of leaves in the trees. Hidden under the folds of the fabric lay the boom of the city, the screams and the squeals of the night. Engines roared, the night came down, and somebody put three little holes in the carpet. He dived through the holes now, dived until he couldn’t get any deeper, and came back up for air. Under the seams, in the weave of this unfolding world, there was light – not daylight but yellow sodium light, burning into the night; but that wasn’t for him, because within the light was a dark bubble, and he was trapped inside it. This bubble was hard. At the bottom was the coldness of concrete, the shapes of sharp stones pressed into his palms, the electric live rail from the wrist to the elbow. And it all smelt sickly sweet, of madness and molasses, of blood, blather and rum – 
He was drunk. He was drunk, and the world was spinning. That was all. Or was it? He didn’t understand. He hadn’t had a drink since – well, since yesterday. The last drink he remembered was at a bar, a golden bar, where a waiter brought him drinks. Was that where he had gone and got drunk? He was confused. He had gone up some stairs, he remembered, and fucked Clarissa Daniels. No – that was something different, something from long ago. There had been a world of crazy things since then. A kid with one leg, and his mother. He had fought with them. He must be mad. After that he must have got drunk with somebody and ended up like this. He remembered a man, a nice man from Photographic Processing, and a bottle of rum, a square, black bag. Yes, a bottle of Old Jamaica, rattling around the back of a car, no good to anybody there. Unscrew the cap and let’s have more drinks. He liked rum. He liked sugar and sugar made rum. But his mouth didn’t taste of rum. It tasted of whisky, warm and cloggy. The spinning don’t stop when you leave the cradle / you just slow down. That was right. He was just slowing down.
He was cold again. The sweat was cold. He should get up and go somewhere. It was too early in the summer to be lying about drunk at night. That was for July nights and camomile lawns, not cold, dark bubbles and concrete. He tried to put a hand on the floor, and missed. Then he put it instead into his pocket, found his phone, and gripped it hard, gripped it for dear life – as if it might control everything. Didn’t phones control everything nowadays? He should call Bonnie and ask for help. He should call Malahide and Emerick and tell them the game was up. He should call Clarissa Daniels and see if she wanted to fuck some more. The phone slid out of his grip; he gave up all these worthwhile ideas. Instead he put his hands back on the ground, and dragged himself up. Yes, he was in a bubble, a dark, hard bubble. It might smell of grass but it was man-made and hard-edged. Now he was upright he could see beyond the bubble into the light, the nasty yellow sodium light, not real light – not the light of the sun, the light that bathes your weary head and casts your long, long shadows. He tried the other pocket. There was his wallet, and keys. All was in order. All was going to be okay. There would be jam for tea, and five grand in his pocket. He took a breath of the cold air, and climbed to his feet.
Outside of the bubble, somewhere beyond the light there were lots of little rectangles, black rectangles, with white lines in between them. It occurred to him finally that these were windows, little squares of old glass on old windows, old windows on rows and rows of houses. He took a step towards them, then another. Then another. The bubble was falling away; he had a pretty ticket to the city of light, the city they chose one euphoric afternoon before four young men exploded and blew the place apart. He saw a sign, a white London sign with black writing and a red postcode, a sign like a postcard of Downing Street or Abbey Road in the tourist tat-holes. It looked like a mess at first, but he concentrated on it, long and hard, and finally it all came together, those letters and those words.
C-a-d-i-
Cadiz Street SE17.
He was home.
He staggered into the street, the windows now familiar, the houses like old, grey men looking down on him in silent judgement. Were they silent? No. They were laughing. Laughing at him. What did they have to laugh about? So he had picked a fight with a kid with no foot and some old goat of a mother, and lost. So he had fucked someone else’s wife. So he had lied to lots of people about insurance and life claims and public liabilities and more of that horseshit. None of that mattered, not really. He was getting older, more separated, more marginalized all the time. He remembered seeing a man at the zoo once, a balding, thirty-something man with glasses and a paunch and a child in a pushchair. He had envied him, him and his comfortable descent into nothingness. That seemed to be okay for other people, why not him? Because it was him. And what was he? An arrogant, tough piece of work who stamped himself hard on his world; somebody who wanted the world to notice when he came in the room, and sigh both with relief and disappointment when he fucked off out again. If you lived like that, then you had no option to retreat or withdraw into the shadows. No, you stood in the light and looked a fool. It had nothing to do with shoeless Joes or other people’s wives – and yet it had everything to do with them. He couldn’t dare to turn down work or a woman, not as long as they had the slightest veneer of being his kind of work or his kind of a woman – even if they turned out to be nothing of the sort, which they always did. It was a miserable thought; he was a miserable drunk. Not a magnificent drunk, or a bon viveur drunk, not some blazered raconteur with outstretched arms and a ruddy smile – no, just misery and hubris and self-pity. He had caused a lot of people a lot of pain, and when he was extremely drunk or extremely tired he remembered all of it, and felt all of it – not their pain, nothing quite so selfless, no: his pain, his sadness, his dragging depths of dismay. Sometimes he would even hear himself emit a small scream, a stifled little “No” as he recalled the loss of control, the shuddering stop, the cold empty morning when he contemplated the awful thing he had done, the thing that would last for the rest of his life. Oh damn it, he should stop this. No wonder the greybeards wanted to laugh. He was just a miserable drunk, morally and financially spent. There was no rage in him, any more – just breathless, drunken calm. He didn’t even want to put his fists up to the laughing old men or the one-legged boy or his mother. He just wanted to get home. He staggered down the alley, plunged into darkness. Memory found his house, found his key, and put it in the door. The house was cold, and dark, but not empty.
Not empty.
And in a moment he was sober. Cold, cold sober.
From the blackness of the ground floor there came sounds, strange sounds. He crossed the hall, and pushed open the door. The living room was pitch black. But over in the darkest corner somebody was there, somebody not moving, somebody sobbing.
Bonnie.
He said: ‘It’s me.’
She didn’t answer him. He walked over to her. She was shaking, shaking and sobbing.
He whispered, ‘Hey, hey.’
He reached his hand out for her hair, and stroked it. Then, with the other, he reached for the flex that led to the lamp, found the little plastic switch, and clicked it on.
The lamp lit her hair, and drowned the rest of her in shade. He put a hand under her chin and gently tipped her face upwards. As the lamplight flowed over her he saw that her face was drenched in tears, smeared in make-up, flushed with sadness. She wore nothing except for one of his shirts, an old white thing that came down almost to her knees. She had her hands wrapped in front of her, the loose sleeves overlapping like a straightjacket. There were smears on the cuffs, wine-dark smears, smears of blood.
Across her lap, the bloody grip glistening in the light, was the Beretta.
Wordlessly he picked it up and laid it on the floor. Then he kissed the top of her head. She looked into his eyes and dissolved once more into sobbing. On the carpet he saw a drop of blood, then another, and another: his eye followed them out of the door and back out into the hallway. He climbed to his feet and walked out of the room, shut the door behind him, and clicked on the light. There were blood spots all down the hall, as far as the bathroom door. He followed them and pushed it open. Beyond was an ugly, unhappy darkness.
He clicked on the light.
James Malahide was sprawling. He had a bullet in his head and a hideous grin on his face.


‘Bonnie, drink this.’
He brought the glass up to her lips. She sipped at it. Her head shook and she shut her eyes. Then she started to sob.
‘Ssh,’ he said. ‘Just drink.’
He took hold of her hand, and placed it around the glass. Then he picked up the Beretta. The safety catch was off. He pulled the slide back, and dropped the magazine out. It was a bog-standard fourteen round job, and there were twelve rounds in it. It didn’t take him long to work out where the other two might have gone. He put the safety catch on, and placed the pistol back on the floor. Then he stood over Bonnie, removed the glass from her hand, put it on the table next to the lamp, and unbuttoned the shirt. When it was loose, he carefully pulled her arms apart. Then he put his hands each side of her neck, and let them ride along her delicate shoulders. The fabric rode up his wrists, and then fell backwards; he put a hand around her back, and gently pulled her forward. She buried her head into his neck; for a short, sweet moment it was like they were making love. He took hold of the back of the collar, and pulled it away from her, so that it only now occupied one arm, which he manipulated out of it. When he did this she was naked and no longer covered in blood. He liked her a lot better that way. 
He let her drop back into the chair, and then laid the shirt out on the floor, as flat as he could get it. Picking up the lamp, he passed it across the top. There was blood on both the cuffs, on the left sleeve, on the front panels, on the hem. The left sleeve was only a long, thin smear, but the front had two large oval pools, still glistening wet, ending in dry, hard edges like cheap watercolour washes. He had a good look at the collar, and the buttons, before turning the shirt over and examining the back. Then he got to his feet, and went back to her. He took her hands, laid them out as if she were begging, and passed the lamp over them. On the palms and phalanges the ridges were greasy and pink-red, and flecked with textile fibres and grit. He put the lamp down and went out to the kitchen, and ran a bowl full of hot, soapy water, which he brought back to her. He plunged her hands in the water, and rubbed them until they were clean.
She shut her eyes, and said nothing. 
He put the shirt to one side, picked up the lamp again, got on all fours, and ran the light over the floor between Bonnie and the door. Three of the blood spots had tails that pointed towards the door, two had no tails, and two had tails that pointed towards the chair where Bonnie sat; an amateur would have made a lot of that. He put the lamp back down and went out into the hall, closing the door behind him. Here again were the forward-and-back tails, two of each. Between the farthest of these spots there was another, fainter spot, with a tail pointing towards the front door. He spent a few minutes looking for another, and eventually found a much fainter one still, very close to the front door, without a tail. He ran a finger over it. This one might have been dirt. Then he went back to the bathroom door and pushed it open.
There was blood on the light cord, a thin line of it ending in a dried drip. When he clicked it off, the vent stopped whirring, but there was still a faint noise coming from the bath. He clicked the light again, and saw that the showerhead was lying on its side, and water was seeping out of it in a little parabola. Dotted around were a few little soapsuds and bubbles that were waiting to be washed away. 
That worried him a little.
Along the edge of the bath stood the usual artefacts of Bonnie’s collection – moisturisers, skin care, hair care, the works – all on their ends along the far edge. They seemed to be clean enough. He had a good look at the bath taps, the plug, and the plughole, but didn’t see anything interesting, so he switched his attention to the floor. The tiles were mostly covered in bloodstains of one sort or another: a collection of spots and smears. Amongst these were the distinctive little flowers of toes, and straight lines and right angles where the blood had found its way down into the grout. This gathering pattern continued to the feet of the dead man, where it ended in a confused mess and a little dried beach at the edge of the blood pool. He turned his attention to the dead man. He wore a grey, zipped jacket, jeans and trainers. The trainers had started white and ended red. His jeans looked a little askew, and when St Cloud looked closer he could see that, although the belt was fastened, the button was loose and the fly zipper was open, revealing grey underwear.
That worried him a lot. 
There was a hole in the forehead, a round, cancerous black spot with a sooty ring, and beyond this an apron of tiny red scratches tattooed on the skin. To the right of this was a solid stripe of blood, which rode down the cheekbones and ended abruptly at the jaw-line. The body lay upon a sea of bright blood, thick and congealed to a solid, shiny skin. Where this pool reached its extremities – at the pedestal, at the bath, and about six inches in front of his feet – it became a clear, yellowing liquid, with flecks of ruby red tissue suspended in it, like anemones in a rock pool. St Cloud carefully placed a foot on the tiles either side, and peered behind the dead man’s head. The sink pedestal had a crazy pattern across it, like somebody had flicked a loaded paintbrush and then gone at it with a feather duster; the back of the head was a dripping, flappy mess.
The sink was mostly dry, with a little pink-tinged water gathered around the empty plughole. The pipe of the hot tap had a tiny red smear across it, and there were greasy little lines on the tap itself. He had a good look at the cold tap, and at the plug, but didn’t find anything interesting there. Carefully, he stepped backwards, away from the dead man like a new knight withdrawing from the Queen; then he headed back to the sitting room, where he took hold of Bonnie’s arms, pulled her across the room, and sat her on his lap.
She said, ‘There’s a man – ’
‘Yes,’ he said softly, and kissed her forehead. ‘Don’t worry.’
‘Don’t worry?’
‘I’ve seen him.’
‘Oh.’ She started to say something, then stopped. She brought a hand up to her cheek, and held it there, looking down at the floor. It was a look of unbearable sadness, and it broke his heart.
He said, ‘We have to get you out of here, honey.’
He led her by the hand up the staircase, and up to first floor bedroom. Without putting on the light he went across to a chest of drawers and found her some underwear, a top, and some jeans. She put them on, without a word. Then he grabbed one of her million pairs of shoes. She put those on, too. Then he led her back downstairs to the sitting room.
As they got to the door, she stopped, and turned to him.
She said, ‘Michael, you don’t need to do this.’
‘No, no. I do.’
‘No,’ she said firmly. ‘You don’t.’
He placed a hand over hers on the door handle, and opened it. He said, ‘There’s a café at the Elephant, on the ground floor. It’s open all night. I want you to go there and wait for me. I could be some time – an hour, maybe two.’
‘What are you going to do?’
‘I’m going to make everything okay.’
‘That can’t happen.’
‘That can always happen. You should know that.’
She went to leave, and then said:
‘Can’t I stay? I’d only –’
‘Please. Go to the Elephant. Be careful, you know what it’s like, this time of night. Take the alleyway at the bottom of the road that goes through the estate, and join the main road further up. Try not to let anybody see you come out of the house. If you see any blue flashing lights, don’t stop or turn around. Just keep going.’ He looked her over. ‘Have you got money?’
‘I’ve got a ten pound note in my purse.’
‘That’ll do for now.’
He kissed her, properly, and she went into the night.
He wondered for a brief, terrible moment if he would ever see her again.


He sat in the chair she had occupied. He had a headache, a dry mouth, and tired eyes. He smoked a cigarette. Neither his head, nor his mouth, nor his eyes improved any. He tried a second cigarette and a different chair. That didn’t work, either. So he climbed up the staircase to the landing, balanced on the top of the banister, flipped off the lid to the loft hatch, levered himself up, felt for the light switch, and flicked it on. Beyond all the usual things – water tanks, pictures, suitcases, brown photographs of dead people, books, amplifiers, photo albums, vinyl records – were two rigid blue boxes that he had found in the boot of the car, many months after he had stopped working. He wiped the dust off the top, and snapped off the lids. In the first, amongst other things, was what he was looking for: a number of clear plastic packages, each heavy and about a foot square. There were six in total. In the second box he found some heavy-duty scissors. What he looked for but didn’t find was any kind of zootsuit. Cursing, he cut the packages open, put the scissors in his pocket, and pulled the sheets out one by one.
Body sheets come in one size, and that size is big and square. The sheets are white, thin and very strong. They need to be. The body bags of popular imagination are simpler, zipped affairs that just go on the outside. It’s the sheets that do the work. They are shiny-bright, and hellish easy to slip on, even before they get covered in blood – and when they do, the blood just sits on the surface and smears everywhere. Pretty soon after use they become dripping, squelching red masses, destined either to get packed in clinical waste sacks and incinerated, or stuffed into freezers in the faint hope of preserving any evidence that may wallow in that thick, sticky melange. St Cloud dropped the six of them through the loft hatch. Then he climbed down, replaced the hatch, and carried them downstairs to the sitting room and out into the hallway. He had the sense of déjà vu: of chilly nights in the houses of the dead, of watching their last TV shows, hearing the beep of their missed text messages, scanning the weddings and graduations on the mantelpiece of the sons and daughters who awaited the shattering of their sleep, of red eyes, blue lips and purple gloves, of young men with black ribbon ties and folding trolleys, of Crosby, Stills and Nash: Do you know / don’t you wonder / what’s going on/ down under you? 
He went back into the sitting room. Regretting the lack of a protective suit, he took his clothes off one by one, and laid them on the floor. Then he returned to the bathroom, and unfolded the first of the sheets, so that it flapped up against the bath panel and the tiles of the walls. He laid the next out so that it overlapped this one by a few inches, and channelled it through the door and out into the hallway. Then he laid three more, each overlapping the last, sides flapped high on the walls of the narrow hallway, so that the place resembled the Cresta run. Back in the bathroom, he unfolded the last, took one edge of it, and rolled it reverse-wise, extremely tight – until the sheet was about half its size. Then he stood either side of the body and pushed this rolled edge down behind the back, down the vertical face of the pedestal, under the dripping head and under the shoulders. By the time he got as far as the floor the sheet was wet and bright red, and so were his forearms. He met resistance under the back, but pushed on until the rolled edge skated along the congealing skin of the blood pool, before letting go. Then he grasped the buckle of the belt, and pulled it upwards; luckily Malahide was light: this bit was often a two-man job. With one hand pulling Malahide upward he seized the rolled edge of the sheet and forced it under Malahide’s right shoulder; his knuckles punched through thick, cold slime. He dropped Malahide back down and repeated the exercise with the other hand and the other shoulder. Alternating like this, he pushed the rolled edge down as far as the small of Malahide’s back, before letting slip the belt buckle, which by now was covered with a film of dark sludge. He lifted the legs up, and brought the rolled edge out from below them, like a gecko’s tongue. Then he unrolled the rest of the plastic, so that Malahide sat square in the middle of the sheet.
‘Hey presto,’ he said to nobody.
He wiped blood down his skin in order to get the worst of it off his hands, leaving finger streaks across his chest and legs. With dry fingers he pulled the bottom edges of the sheet, hard, and slid the body forward. The head hit the floor with a hollow thump. He got hold of the top of the sheet, and flapped it over and around the blood-wet curls. Then he pulled the sheet over the next, and out into the hallway. Malahide was not long enough dead for rigor mortis and manoeuvring the body around the corner wasn’t as difficult as it might have been. He pulled the sheet across the ice rink of the others all the way to the front door, where he let it sit for a while.
He went back into the bathroom, and washed his hands under the running showerhead, before closing the sheets in on themselves, one by one, and folding them up. In the kitchen he got out as many waste sacks as he could find, and put the folded sheets into these, and tied them off. Then he went to the airing cupboard at the top of the stairs, found all the towels he could, and blotted up all the blood on the floor, on the pedestal, and even the little smear on the sink. When this was done, he got into the bath and picked up the shower head, and let it run all over him: over his body, through his hair, in his mouth and nose and ears. Then he dried himself, and went to get dressed.
When he got downstairs he looked once more at the blood spots on the carpet, and gave each a scrub until they couldn’t be seen by the naked eye. Then he went back into the living room, and found the Beretta. The blood was dried into the cross-pattern grip, so he didn’t even bother to try and clean it; instead, he wrapped it in a towel and put it in his jacket pocket. Then he went back to the body on the floor, and for the second time in his life brought out James Malahide’s personal effects. He took the credit cards out of the wallet, and left the cash. He took the iphone and powered it down. He searched through the other pockets to see if there was anything else identifiable, decided there wasn’t, and gave it up.
He extinguished the light, stepped outside and walked up the alley. The night was impenetrable. Where the alley met Cadiz Street, he hung in the shadows and watched for a while. There was the noise of the traffic, and the odd shout. Far away on a bench was a shape that might have been a bundle of clothes, and might have been one of the homeless hunkered down for the night. He went back down through the darkness as far as the house, grabbed the last body sheet, and with a heave pulled Malahide over the threshold and across the cobbles, until he was a few feet short of the light. Then he rolled the body off the sheet, which he folded as carefully and as cleanly as he could. He took the towel out of his pocket, unwrapped the Beretta, withdrew the safety catch, pointed it at the stars, and squeezed the trigger.
It was a while since St Cloud had fired a gun without ear defences, and it was a shock. It was as if somebody had drilled his ears and filled them with glue. He waited, not moving, not hearing anything. What seemed like an age passed. Eventually a light clicked on in the street, then another, then another. He put the Beretta back in his pocket, grabbed the folded sheet, and walked as lightly and as quickly as he could back to the house, where he closed the door and clicked the light on. He put the sheet and the towel into another sack, which he tied with a swan-neck. He took the sack out of the kitchen waste, and put the tied ones below, then replaced the half-empty one. Then he clicked off the lights, and stepped back outside. From the top of the lane he heard low voices. They might have been loud voices: his ears were pretty fucked. He turned back down towards the very bottom of the lane, and along the alleyway out through the estate. A moment later he heard the first, faint sirens.


He said, ‘We’ll need a new carpet.’
She looked at him through a mist of reds, yellows and blues, eyes like an early Lucien Freud, before it was all overweight nudes in dark bedrooms. ‘Is that all you can say?’
‘It’s an observation. I quite liked that carpet.’
‘Michael – ’
She closed her eyes, and shivered.
He drank his coffee. Hers was untouched and getting cold. It must have been her third or fourth. He wondered if she would ever sleep again.
He asked, ‘Shall I say what I’m meant to say next?’
‘What do you mean?’
‘I’m meant to ask you what happened.’
‘Michael, don’t – ’
‘And you’re meant to tell me you were having a shower and this young man burst in with a gun and tried to give you one, and you wrestled with him and let him have it – in the Derek Bentley sense.’
She opened her eyes.
‘Is that what you think?’
He shook his head. ‘No.’
‘No?’
‘I said no.’
‘But it is what you think, isn’t it?’
‘No.’
She studied him. 
‘Are you sure?’
He took another drink. ‘You didn’t shoot him, honey pie. Don’t let’s pretend that you did.’
Her eyes bored into his. The coffee stayed untouched.
This lasted a full minute.
Then she said, ‘Are you being serious?’
He nodded. ‘For a start there were your million shampoo bottles still standing on their ends along the side of the bath. That didn’t strike me as right. Those high-centre-of-gravity things are the first to go if there’s any sort of struggle. I knock them off most mornings, just through my normal brutish clumsiness.’
He drank some coffee. She didn’t.
He said: ‘And the blood wasn’t right, either.’
‘What do you mean?’
‘I mean it wasn’t right for you shooting him, ablutius interruptus.’
‘Are you saying he wasn’t killed in our bathroom?’
‘Oh he was shot there, all right. The pedestal had that Jackson Pollock look about it.’
‘Then – ’
‘The other blood is what I’m referring to.’
‘Other blood?’
‘I don’t know if you noticed, but the stains on the floor had little spurs pointing two different ways.’
‘I hadn’t. Why – ’
‘Means the blood was thrown off in two different directions.’
‘So somebody else – ’
‘Slow down. That looked like just you. A walking person – particularly one that walks as elegantly as you do – swings their arms forward and back. So when they have blood on their hands, they throw it forwards and backwards. The blood makes it look like they’re walking up and down, when actually they’re walking in one direction. In your case, out of a bathroom where you’d just found a dead man, and into the living room where you collapsed in the chair.’
‘Oh.’
‘Anyway,’ he said. ‘It was the other other-blood that mattered.’
‘What other other-blood?’
‘The blood in the sink. It was very faint, but it was there, and there was a tiny smear on the cold tap. And there were a couple of small stains on the carpet going back, looking dilute and dripping more freely. You can’t tell me you washed your hands, they were caked. Somebody else must have been in the sink. And then there’s the shirt. Do I need to go on?’
‘The shirt?’
‘The hole in his head had powder burns and tattooing. That only happens when you place a gun right against somebody’s head and fire it. What happens then is that the barrel acts as a kind of vacuum, and draws blood backwards on to the gun and the person who fired it. The gun was bloodstained enough. But the shirt wasn’t – not in the right way, I mean. I’d expect to see a bit of spatter around the cuff or the sleeve. All I saw were pools and smears. Pools and smears told me what I already knew: that if you found a dead body in your bathroom you’d at least have the decency to go close enough to make sure the poor bastard was dead. Your toe marks were in blood on the floor, as well. You only could have made those if there was already some blood to stand in. That wouldn’t have been for quite a few seconds after the shot was fired. People don’t tend to shoot other people in the head and then wait around long enough to be able to walk around in their blood, even people who move as slowly as you do.’ He finished his coffee. ‘Now we hit the crux of the matter. Why the hell did you pick the gun up?’
She looked down at her coffee, seemed to vaguely recognise it, and picked up a stirrer. Without looking at him, she said, ‘I saw it before anything else. It was lying by the bathroom door. I didn’t know what it was.’ Finally, she stirred the coffee. It must be stone cold. She asked: ‘Will the police work all that out? All the things you said?’
‘No.’
Her eyes widened. ‘No?’
‘They might have done. Unfortunately I haven’t really given them the chance.’
‘What do you mean?’
‘I cleared up the house and left the body at the top of the lane, the apparent victim of another street shooting. I took his phone and his identity documents. I don’t expect he’s on PNC or the DNA database so it’ll take a long time for them to work out who is. When they do, they’ll discover that he’s a troubled young man who dabbled in drugs and debutantes and other unhealthy things, and was ripe for being robbed in a rough part of town at that time of night. I don’t expect anybody will connect him to us.’
She stirred her coffee. This went on for a while.
Eventually she said, ‘But he is connected to us.’
‘Not really – ’
‘Michael, I woke up and found him dead in our bathroom.’
‘Oh. That.’
‘Yes. That.’ She put her hand to her face.
He reached out to her other hand, and stopped it stirring the damned coffee. He said gently, ‘His name was James Malahide. He was out of control. He came to see me the other night, when you were out. He put a gun in my face – that very same gun you picked up tonight.’ He declined to mention it was currently in his pocket. ‘Actually, I think he pretty much came to shoot me. I couldn’t get much else out of him.’
She lowered her hand.
‘Why? Why would he do that?’
‘I don’t know. I didn’t know then, and I still don’t know now. But believe it or not, it’s all to do with that pantomime we watched on Sunday afternoon. That contract we saw awarded was worth a fortune to a small group of people, and that small group of people seem to be getting extremely tough about protecting it – which includes trying to scare the hell out of me. Yesterday afternoon I got sapped from behind and the next thing I knew, I woke up in that middle bit of our street, feeling like I’d been drinking whisky for a week. They must have poured a gallon of the stuff over me. That explains my eyes being glued shut, and my head feeling like it had been scraped by a spoon, but not all the Yellow Submarine stuff – I think they must have slipped me something else, too, ketamine, or methamphet, or something. All that’s left now is a ghostly headache and a lost afternoon. They think by dropping me with a sap, slipping me a Mickey Finn, and me waking up to find they’d shot a public schoolboy in our bathroom, it would nicely fit me up for murder and thus get me off their back. Or at least, scare me enough that I’d lose interest in it.’
She said, ‘It scared me. More than enough.’
He stroked her hand. ‘I know. But you’re not who they need to scare.’
‘No.’
She stirred her coffee some more. He wondered if she had stirred the other cups as long as this, and decided she probably had. Bonnie could be ponderous about things at the best of times.
She said, ‘So what do we do now?’
‘You get a cab. Go to Saskia’s and sleep in the same bed you did last night. That’s unless you were in the lion’s den.’
‘You’re – ’
‘Ridiculous. I know. Tell her anything you like – that we had a row, that we’ve split up, that you can’t possibly go home to me smelling of another man, anything. Only make it sound like you’ve not been home since early evening, and you haven’t seen me or any dead men in the bathroom. And come home in the morning as if nothing happened.’
‘Michael, something did happen.’
‘Forget it.’
‘I can’t.’
‘Try.’
She closed her eyes for a moment. 
‘What are you going to do?’
‘Probably drink some coffee, smoke some cigarettes, and then grab a cab and go across the river. I need to rescue the car from a place called Colthurst Square – if it isn’t on bricks, by now.’
‘And then what?’
‘Then I’m going to go and see some people, and blow the proverbial whistle.’
‘Be careful, Michael.’
‘You always say that. It never works.’ 
She got up from the table. He said, ‘Aren’t you going to drink your coffee?’
‘No. I’m fine.’
She reached across the table and gave him a soft, deep kiss. It reminded him of a kiss she had given him at the very start, in the Princess of Wales, that sweaty pub in Villiers Street. He remembered that night’s texts, too, like the lines from a song: What are you doing / Thinking about our kiss/ Me too.
He looked up. She was gone. 
He left the café and headed down to catch one of the African minicabs from the Old Kent Road. When he made it to Colthurst Square he found the Leon in the same position by the children’s playground. He got into it, shut the door and fell asleep. There didn’t seem to be much else to do.


It was daylight when he awoke. His neck and shoulders felt like somebody had pinned them down with a stake. His legs were spongy and his ankles felt broken; his lips were cracked glaciers and his throat a furry pipe. His head had rats shitting in it. He opened the door, slid out sideways, straightened up and stretched his legs around the square. A few workers scuttled here and there, with their man-bags and their high collars, heading off for the day to their desks and their Facebook friends, to talk bullshit over the water-cooler about CGI movies they should have grown out of as soon as they learned how to wank. From the windows above they were watched by the boys and girls they had left behind in rooms strewn with clothes and condoms, to peruse copies of Time Out or Loot, stopping occasionally to biro-ring dismal descriptions of squalid hovels in NW7 or NW10, their shameful little protest against this neighbourhood, this flat, this square, this man – this grinding, hideous life.
This world ignored St Cloud and he ignored it back.
There was the repeating roar of the early morning traffic. The sky was blue, clearer than yesterday, and there was a cool, light breeze. It ruffled his hair; it rubbed softly at his unshaven jaw; it worked its way into the red parts of his eyes and blew soft shapes at them. All this was pretty nice. After a while his throat started to loosen and his lips came back to life. Soon even his shoulders and arms shook out a little smoother. By the time he got round to where Rodmartin lived, all that troubled him were the usual things: a jaw that a dead man had bruised, a memory of a lot of things he had fucked up, and a malfunctioning moral compass.
He sat down on the kerb, and gazed. He could have killed for a cigarette but he had smoked his last outside the Elephant the previous night, amongst the bouquet of plantain and skunk, waiting for a cab. His eyes found the stretch of road where the boy had been killed back in April, and came to rest. He pictured Shelby Samuels, the boy with the pounding fists, the goat of a mother, and the one foot: he remembered the way the boy had bounced along the flat’s narrow, yellow hallway. He hadn’t bounced that night. No, he had limped away, some sort of stick under his arm, his gun glinting in the moonlight.
He put his hand into his pocket, and his fingers closed around the Beretta. Guns don’t really glint, of course – 
He rubbed his eyes.
Guns don’t glint at all.


Yesterday Paul Burrows had called him about a photograph, just before he had got sapped. He had clean forgotten it until now. He scooped his phone out of his pocket and dialled the number. It went straight through to voicemail. He looked at his watch: only ten to 6. He said:
‘Sorry about last night. I can explain. Call me when you get this. It’s urgent.’
He cut the call. 
Burrows had found a photograph on the flash drive – not complete, but near as hell. What had he said? That it looked like a dead body, and there was a car. A car meant a street. It didn’t have to be Marlon Samuels, and it didn’t have to be this street. He tried Burrows again. No reply. He looked back at the road in front of him, and thought of a glint in the light and a boy limping away.
Another thought came hard on the heels of that one:
Three indentations in a dead man’s carpet.
Three things in a clear sleeve in a dead man’s glove box.
An idea began to take shape: a strange, strange idea.
He returned to the Leon, got in and turned the key in the ignition. He could go three or four different places next – as far north as Finsbury Park for another bout of fisticuffs with Shelby and his mother, or as far south as Champion Hill to wake Burrows up and get hold of that damned photograph. In the end he decided both those things could wait. Instead he headed back to Silesia Buildings.


He got there at seven thirty, and leaned on the buzzer. To his surprise the door clicked open, just as it had the last couple of times. He climbed the same stairs and headed into the same office. The same girl was there. All that was different this morning was that he hadn’t shaved for three days and he had a gun in his pocket. She didn’t seem to notice either of these things.
He said, ‘One more question.’
She said, ‘They have not been here.’
‘The police?’
‘The people you wanted to know about.’
‘Oh.’ She meant Emerick and Malahide. He had forgotten that.
‘Look, I have another question. This is the last, I promise. You gave me a list of people called Samuels, do you remember? One of them was a boy who had lost his foot in the train accident. The case was dropped at court, wasn’t it? Because the train company said the boy had pulled down the fence when in fact it was already down. I’d like to know if Chakaravarti was paid for the case.’
She looked down. ‘I do not know.’
‘I thought you knew everything.’
‘I do not know.’
‘Are you sure?’
‘Yes.’
‘I don’t understand. It was a private claim, so there wouldn’t have been legal aid. That boy and his mother live in the nastiest flat in this part of town, which is up against some competition. They’re poor as church mice. I know this because the place stinks and they haven’t got a satellite TV. If they lost the claim, then I don’t understand how Chakaravarti could have got paid.’
‘I cannot tell you,’ she said, in a voice that started loud and dropped low. ‘But – ’
‘But what?’
‘But Mr Chakaravarti always got paid.’
‘Always?’
‘Yes.’
He tried again.
‘It sounds to me like Chakaravarti made a mess of this one. The boy says the fence was already down. That could have been proven, I’d have thought. But it wasn’t proven. The company squirmed out of it. If he didn’t do much of a job, maybe Chakaravarti didn’t charge a fee, after that.’
She shook her head.
‘Mr Chakaravarti always got paid.’
He remembered the fat man, his smug smile, his self-satisfied talk of rising yields. He wasn’t even prepared to sell for 5 grand. Yes, he would always get paid. There was nothing about a piteous boy and his voluble mother that would have softened that fat, hard heart.
‘Okay, so if he got paid, can you tell me when? Or how?’
‘I do not know.’
‘Please.’
She said reluctantly, ‘The case was in December. We would have sent a bill after that.’
‘Do you still have the bill? Or proof of payment?’
‘I’m afraid I cannot tell you that.’
‘Not even if you have them?’
‘No.’
‘No you can’t tell me that, or no you don’t have them?’
‘No.’
He gave up and went back out into the street.
The cool, bright morning was beginning to lose a little shine. He fished for his phone, dialled directory enquiries, asked for the number of EXD, dialled it, and spoke to a receptionist who told him head office was in Lamb’s Conduit Passage, just off Red Lion Square. Then he got out the other phone – James Malahide’s iphone – and turned it on. He trawled down the list of contacts, pausing momentarily at “Clarissa”, and found “Dad”. He called it. There was no answer, so he rang it again. Finally there came a gruff voice: ‘Do you know what time it – ’
‘Up with the lark,’ said St Cloud.
There was a pause.
‘Who is this?’
‘Not who you thought it was, Mr Malahide.’
‘Who – ’
‘My name is St Cloud. We met on Friday, when you got mad at me, and then again on Sunday, when you got even madder. Before you get mad a third time, listen to me. You’re in serious trouble, the worst trouble of your life. Unless you want me to go to the police about it, you need to meet me in your office at nine o’clock.’
The phone went dead. He didn’t bother ringing back.


He got back into the Leon, and drove east. All the traffic was coming in the opposite direction. It reminded him of driving home after night shifts, of watching the sun rise over the Pool of London, of gripping the cold wheel and fighting off the soft, warm hug of sleep. Around him people started their June day: for those who had slept and dreamt it was full of bright promise. He passed Victoria Park, and found himself back along the soaring, swerving roads until the brown oblong was below him. Long lines of yellow-jacketed men, some carrying lengths of wood and steel, seeped like tropical ants. The half-built bowl towered over the dirty River Lea, dwarfing the shabby green houseboats, with their little protest signs accusing the faceless names in City Hall who would evict them for two weeks’ worth of fun, hinting darkly at duplicity and design. They didn’t know the half of it. Soon there would be measuring wheels and theodolites rolled out by the ants for – what was it called? – the “Handball and Multi-Team Event Facility”. Maybe they had started it already. Things seemed to be moving pretty fast.
He parked outside the council offices as he had done before, walked to the front entrance, avoided the desk, and went straight through the double doors. Nobody stopped him, or paid him much attention. He ran up to the second floor, gave the busy city the briefest of glances, and then knocked on the door. There was no answer. He looked at his watch: quarter to nine. He wasn’t in the mood for waiting. He stood back and gave the door a kick, near to the lock. After a couple more kicks it snapped open. He went inside. It was dark; he crossed to the window, and opened the blinds. Behind him the room looked the same as before: greybeards on the walls, tidy piles on the desk, comfortable chairs.
He went behind the desk, sat in the chair and waited.
A few minutes passed. Nothing happened. He swivelled in the chair. 
He got bored of waiting. He tried the drawers in the desk, and found them open. The first was full of stationery. The second was full of scrap paper. The third had a couple of buff files. What wasn’t in any of them was what he was looking for: a stiff brown envelope with “Cllr Malahide” written on the front. A piece of folded white paper, at the bottom of the middle drawer, caught his eye. He put it on the desk.
It was a short, printed email, and it read:
In respect of our telephone conversation of yesterday, I confirm notice in writing of the requirement for you to make recompense for the provision of goods, and the timely delivery of same, to myself or my appointed representative within the agreed timescales– 
It was from a different email address, in a different typeface, but everything else was identical – including the name at the bottom of the email: “SVS Chakaravarti”. St Cloud folded it up and put it in his pocket.
The door swung open and the woman from reception stood there.
‘What are you doing?’
She didn’t look ripe for any more flirting.
St Cloud said: ‘I have an appointment.’
Malahide followed behind her, out of breath. 
The woman said, ‘I’m calling the police.’
‘Fine,’ said St Cloud. ‘Tell them to bring the Fraud Squad and a copy of “Bid Rigging for Dummies”.’
Malahide stopped her with an arm. ‘Susan, I can deal with this.’
She looked at him squarely. ‘Mr Malahide, I really think – ’
‘I mean it.’
‘Do you know this man?’
Malahide hesitated. ‘Yes.’
She wasn’t convinced.
He said, ‘Thank you, Susan,’ and she went away.
He closed the door, turned to St Cloud, and said, ‘I don’t know what the hell – ’
St Cloud said: ‘You know perfectly well.’
‘Look, I – ’
‘You might have this holier than thou reputation, Councillor, but it has less time to run than a gay musical in Tehran. You can cut the haughty eyes and the outraged tone of voice. You’re complicit in this, in all ways I look at it.’
Malahide spat, ‘How you look at it?’
‘Your pal Raymond Emerick and his opposite numbers have this sewn up. All these lovely new arenas and stadia and other projects get built, and they all get together and agree to inflate the prices they bid – two or three times, at a guess, and take turns to win. It’s a blast, all round. Except the poor people of London are getting fucked over, Mr Malahide, and the worst of it is that their elected representative is aiding and abetting it. I don’t know what you get out of the deal, but maybe, just maybe, it’s a lot of rich people slapping you on the back and putting you forward for a seat on the GLA. And I presume it’s the Caribbean this year, or the Seychelles, or somewhere else you can drink champagne and bone some local lovely on Emerick’s yacht.’
Malahide snarled, ‘Get the hell out of here.’
‘I think we’ve gone beyond that. You don’t get any respect, not with the company you keep. These friends of yours might have fancy titles like CEO of this or that, but really they’re gangsters. Gangsters in suits. Everyone has been so desperate to tell me how you’re square as a washboard and upright as a piano. Well, I’m sick to death of it and ready to rumble. They’re in for a surprise. Maybe they shouldn’t be. They just don’t expect to vote for people who suck the cocks of people like that.’
Malahide said, ‘You’re disgusting.’
‘I’m not even in the picture, love. It’s not just bid rigging now. It’s murder.’
A look of confusion crossed Malahide’s face. ‘What do you mean?’
‘I mean it’s one thing to send your boy on an errand to get rid of me. It’s quite another to have him executed in my back yard.’
‘What on – ’
‘I know you and Emerick are ruthless men. But even ruthless men draw the line at some things. I’m not sure many people could sacrifice their own flesh and blood.’
Malahide screwed his face up in puzzlement.
This lasted for a second.
Then came the fear – which went on for longer.
He said, ‘My own flesh and – ’
He stopped himself.
Doubt, and something else – horror.
Slow burning horror. 
St Cloud’s hand went to his pocket.
‘My God,’ he said softly. ‘You don’t know.’
His fingers closed around the dead boy’s credit cards. He brought them out and slid them across the desk.
Then he waited for a minute, wondering exactly what to say. He decided just to blurt it.
‘I found your son in my bathroom this morning. Somebody had shot him in the head.’
Malahide didn’t move a muscle.
‘He’s – well, he’s dead.’
The proud man stood it for a second or two, still upright; then, as if an invisible string had been cut, his entire body slumped. 
He said hoarsely: ‘No. Please God. No.’
‘They killed him,’ gabbled St Cloud. ‘They shot him and they killed him.’ Then he took a moment and said, pointlessly: ‘I’m sorry.’
Malahide gasped, ‘How? Why?’
St Cloud shrugged. ‘Because they do that sort of thing.’
Malahide cried out.
There was a silence. St Cloud wanted to fill it.
‘Your son came to see me two nights ago. He wanted to know what I was up to. He stuck me up with a gun, a Beretta 380. This morning I found that gun in my bathroom along with your boy. Two shots had been fired from it. One of them was inside him.’
‘Did you call –’
‘An ambulance? No.’
Malahide jerked his head up. ‘No? My God, you fool, you – ’
‘He was long gone.’
‘But he might – ’
‘Don’t make me spell it out.’
‘My God.’ Malahide clutched at the chair.
St Cloud stood up and walked to the window. He let Malahide hang for a while, and looked down on the grey world. He said:
‘Maybe you’d better tell me about it, Mr Malahide.’
There was no answer. St Cloud turned.
‘It’s not going to go away, you know.’
Malahide raised his hand, and drew it across his jaw – like he was wiping food away. St Cloud said:
‘I know it isn’t great timing. But I need to know about it. About all of it.’
That got no response, either.
He shrugged. ‘Okay, how about this. I’ll tell you about all the mistakes I’ve made, and then you tell me about yours. Neither of us will feel better about it but at least we’ll know where we stand.’
He walked back to the desk, and perched on the edge. Malahide stared at the floor, deathly pale. St Cloud thought about stopping, shutting up, fucking off; but that didn’t feel right. It was better to talk. He rattled on:
‘Well, let’s get on with it. If you check the minutes of our last meeting you’ll find that before you threw me out of here, your face all purple and your eyes popping, I asked you about a man called Chakaravarti, a dead man bound and gagged and shot through the head. You lied your head off and pretended not to recognise the name. This piece of paper,’ – he brought out the folded paper from the desk, and smoothed it out – ‘tells me you knew that name damned well. Chakaravarti had tried to touch you for money, hadn’t he? Probably because he had tried to touch your son and found he’d spunked it all on E’s and whizz.’
Malahide didn’t look up.
‘I’ve made a couple of mistakes. To be precise, I’ve made the same mistake twice. I’ve twice found three things and not realised that in fact they’re one thing.’
The maths didn’t seem to be helping. He continued:
‘When I found Chakaravarti dead, bound and gagged, I found three little marks in his carpet. I thought they were three things. Well, they were one thing. The marks of single object. I now know what that object was. A tripod. It stood on that carpet, and was pointing straight at the bed. Somebody took a photograph of that big, dead whale. Who uses a tripod nowadays to take a photo?’
No answer.
‘Well, I’ll tell you. Police photographers.’
Matthew furrowed his brow. St Cloud said:
‘The man who used that tripod still carries a square black camera bag around in the back of his car. But he isn’t a police photographer, Mr Malahide, not any more. He used to be one, though, of sorts. Nowadays he works for your friend Raymond Emerick.’
There was a pause. Then Malahide said:
‘Mr Emerick is not any friend of mine.’
St Cloud said thoughtfully, ‘No, that’s probably the first thing you’ve told me in three days that isn’t bullshit.’ He folded the piece of paper back up. Things were becoming clearer, finally. ‘You had an envelope here on the desk, the other day, when I was here. What was in it?’
Malahide didn’t answer.
‘Do you want me to guess?’
Malahide sighed, and got slowly to his feet. Then he went across the office to a cupboard, opened it, and threw an envelope across to St Cloud. It was the one he had seen on Friday morning. He opened it up and dropped an album of photographs on the desk. It looked almost identical to the ones the police produce, book-ended with white card and bound with blue wire. Inside were three photographs. The first showed the street in Forty Hill with cars parked up. Outside Chakaravarti’s house the black Porsche could be seen, the licence plate visible. The second showed the front door of the house at Forty Hill and a man in the doorway. St Cloud looked closer. The man was James Malahide. The third was a picture of the bedroom with the dead man bound and gagged and a hole in the side of his head. St Cloud flicked through them a couple of times. The images were certainly professional enough. He said:
‘It’s my guess, Councillor, that Emerick or somebody close to him sent you those photographs, and told you that the police were investigating the savage torture and death of a man called Chakaravarti, and that these photos prove your son was responsible.’ He picked up the folded piece of paper and threw it at Malahide. ‘And I also think when they told you that, it sent a pang of horror through you – because to you it wasn’t the craziest of suggestions, after all. You already knew this Chakaravarti had some dirt on your son and was ready to squeeze him. That’s right, isn’t it?’
Malahide nodded.
‘The question is, why would they do that?’
Malahide cleared his throat.
‘To stop me, of course, you damned fool.’


St Cloud’s phone burst into life: Handsome Devil. He dug it out and looked at the screen: it was Paul Burrows. He thought about taking it, decided against it, and sent the fuck-off tone instead. He said,
‘That brings me to my second mistake. I should have told you what I knew last Friday. Your son didn’t kill Chakaravarti, Mr Malahide. Even the person who tied him up and shot him didn’t do that. He was already dead. He had bought himself some cheap coke from a dump in Leyton, driven himself home, watched two girls playing buckaroo on a DVD, and his fat, heavy heart had given out with the excitement. Natural causes – if you call bad porn and bad coke natural.’
Malahide cried, ‘But – ’
‘I know this because I followed Chakaravarti about and then had the misfortune to find him dead. I don’t mean like that – ’ he tapped the photograph – ‘I mean dead before that, coked up and still warm. Then – for reasons I don’t really need to go into just at the moment – then I went back a little while later and searched the house. And this time I found Chakaravarti bound and gagged and shot through the head and the marks of the tripod feet on the floor. Do you want to know what I think?’
Malahide didn’t say he did, but he didn’t say he didn’t either. So St Cloud said:
‘I think while I was following Chakaravarti, somebody else was following your son. Whether they were going to sap him, or pay him off, or do a bit of dogging while he got jiggy in a National Trust car park, I don’t know. I can see why they followed him, though: if somebody wanted to put the brakes on you, Mr Malahide, your son would offer all the opportunities. Somebody followed him to Chakaravarti’s house and saw him go in. Actually, in the middle of threatening to shoot me the other night, James admitted to me he’d been there, but that he hadn’t found the place empty. I think that might have been the truth. I think he found the door open, just like I’d left it, looked around the ground floor and wandered out again. That second photo is taken from a little copse of willows that looks down on the front door. Somebody went in after him and found the man dead, just like I did. And that somebody, having already photographed your boy going in or coming out, had a grand idea. He got busy with the corpse. He bound him and gagged him and shot him. Then he tidied everything else up, got out his tripod and his camera bag, and photographed him. And believe me, he would have been smiling all the way through. He’s got a hell of a smile.’
Malahide got up from the chair, stood for a while, and walked to the window.
St Cloud said, ‘Actually, though I just gave a great little speech, none of that really made a lot of sense to me before something you just said. About them wanting to stop you.’
Malahide turned, but didn’t say anything. Then he went back to looking back out of the window.
‘You’re the upstanding councillor, aren’t you? The whistleblower. You’re the guy who roots out this sort of stuff and gets medals for it. That’s why people will vote for you and put you on the GLA – so you can find out all the money they’re siphoning off, away from the schools and hospitals and the Jubilee Line. You smelt something rotten in the way all those inflated new contracts were getting handed out, all the smiles and the nods and the winks, and threatened to pull the plug on them. And then what happened? Emerick and his friends sent you these photographs and told you to shut up – or to watch your son rot in prison, and kiss goodbye to City Hall.’
Malahide turned. He looked a different man. His face no longer looked screwed up. He even had a bit of colour back in his cheeks. When he spoke, his tone was surprisingly assured. This wasn’t the man whose son played with drugs or whores or got shot in the head. This was the man who presided over committees, who opened the local fete, who kissed enough babies to get re-elected every four years. He said:
‘Last Tuesday, somebody in the finance department of EXD forwarded me an email that was originally sent from Raymond Emerick’s PA to Guy Simpson-Slater, the finance director of C3P. It was a long email and it referred mostly to the latest contract that was up for tender. That was the one that got awarded last Sunday.’
‘The hand job and multi-storey car park facility.’
Malahide ignored that.
‘I felt there was enough in the email to make a substantive allegation of misconduct in the public award process – namely price fixing and prearranged tendering.’
‘I’m a lamb in this. Is that bid-rigging?’
Malahide nodded.
‘I contacted Mr Emerick and asked him to for an explanation of the relevant comments. He said he had nothing to hide but that he wanted to meet with me and explain further. I met with him on Wednesday afternoon, and showed him the email. It was doctored, of course, to protect the employee. Mr Emerick read it through. I was expecting him to tell me it was a misunderstanding of some kind. To my surprise, he suddenly threatened me. He said he would ruin me and my reputation, and he would inflict hurt on my family if I made public what I knew. I didn’t think he would – or could – follow the threat through. But on Friday morning these photos were delivered by hand to the front desk downstairs. A man rang first thing to tell me these images would be sent to the police unless I kept my mouth shut.’
‘This man. Was that Emerick?’
‘No. He had a Caribbean accent.’
St Cloud nodded. ‘Lord Lichfield himself.’ He turned his chair towards Malahide. ‘You already knew James was in trouble with Chakaravarti?’
‘About a week before I had received a phone call and an email. The man simply said there was material on offer to be sold, and that the price was ten thousand pounds. I didn’t understand what material he meant. I wrote back and said I would report him to the police.’
‘Yes,’ said St Cloud. ‘And then he ended up dead, you got the photos, and you thought James had killed him. You summoned James and asked him to deny it. I was here that morning, waiting outside. I saw him storm out of your office.’
Malahide said bitterly, ‘He didn’t deny it. He was provocative and deliberately misleading. He led me to believe he was responsible. He is a stupid, worthless boy. He has brought this on himself.’
St Cloud got up. He walked to the window, and stood alongside the other man. There was something shoulder-to-shoulder in it – like Bush and Blair or McAlmont and Butler, or some other horrid mismatch.
‘For what it’s worth I had you wrong, councillor. I thought you were Saucy Jack. In fact you were Sir Charles Warren, the public official, hands tied behind your back and ready to take the rap for something that wasn’t your fault, but that you couldn’t stop.’
Malahide looked at him for a moment, then back at the scene in front of him. The chosen city; it looked pretty hollow. He said:
‘What will you do now?’
‘Go to see Emerick, of course.’
‘He’s uncompromising.’
‘So I discover.’
‘You should go to the police.’
St Cloud turned to him. ‘I think it’s up to you to do that. You’re in a better position than me. They don’t treat prodigal sons very nicely, as a rule. Whereas I’ve no doubt the local Borough Commander will know you from golf, or freemasonry, or wife-swapping, and make sure you’re dealt with politely. But first I need you to do something. It isn’t pleasant.’
Malahide hesitated. ‘What?’
‘Send your son a text message, telling him somebody rang you from his phone this morning, that it sounded like Emerick, and that James should watch out for him, you’re worried he’s in danger.’
‘I wouldn’t do that – ’
‘Just send it. Then I want you to call Emerick, and tell him you need to see him urgently at his office. Tell him you’ll be at the reception desk of his head office building at ten o’clock.’
‘Is all of this really – ’
‘I’m sorry, it is. Then be my guest and call the cops. Don’t dial 999. Call Detective Chief Inspector Tony Hibberd at Forest Gate nick, at half past nine. He’s an old goat, but he’s sharp underneath all that. Tell him what you know about the bid-rigging. Tell him you think Emerick is about to shred a lot of evidence regarding the award of the latest contract, and also – and this is extremely important – that you think Emerick has abducted your son. You need to use that word - “abducted”.’
‘But – abducted –?’
‘If they think he’s alive and his life is threatened they’ll do live cell-site.’
‘Live what?’
‘It doesn’t matter. Just tell them.’
‘But – ’ Malahide’s voice broke. ‘But he’s not about to die. He’s already dead.’
‘Yes.’ That was all that could be said. St Cloud looked at Malahide, and placed an arm on his shoulder. He had got in a mess, and somebody had died. St Cloud knew all about that. Some time today, or tomorrow, there would come agony, and it would last until the end of his life.


When he got outside he called Bonnie.
‘Hi.’
‘All quiet at home?’
‘Yes. They’ve got the blue tape up, like you used to have.’
‘Anybody ask after me?’
‘No.’
‘Good.’
‘Are you okay? Have you slept?’ 
‘I’ve just seen the dead boy’s father.’
‘My God, Michael.’
‘He didn’t take it well.’
‘He doesn’t think I –?’
‘You didn’t get a mention.’
‘Oh.’
‘We had other things to talk about.’
She was silent for a minute.
He said, ‘Bonnie –’
‘Michael, I couldn’t sleep. Will you come home?’
‘Later.’
‘Where are you now?’
‘Between meetings. You know.’
‘Michael,’ she said, and then stopped.
Cars went past.
She said, ‘I’m worried about you.’
He said, ‘And me about you.’
He hung up, thought for a minute, and called Paul Burrows.
‘Hey, Michael, you’re becoming impossible to find. I tried calling –’
‘Make it quick, can you, Paul?’
‘Oh. Okay.’
‘That photograph on the flash drive. What did you say it shows?’
‘A kid. He appears to be lying dead in a street.’
‘You said there was a car. Did it run the kid over?’
‘Looks like it. Appears to be driving away.’
‘Can you see anything of the index number?’
‘No. But – well, no.’
‘What was that “but”?’
‘The numbers are smaller than usual, and there are more of them.’
‘Foreign plate?’
‘Looks that way.’
‘Oh. Is there anything else in the photograph?’
‘Right on the far left there’s a fence. Behind there’s some kind of structure, a sort of steel tube affair. You can’t see much else. It’s a terrible photo, looks like it was taken with a cheap point and click, or a phone.’
‘No tripod, then?’
‘Come again?’
‘It doesn’t matter. Look, I’d better go. I’ll send you a cheque.’
‘I told you – ’
‘I’ll pick the photograph up later.’
‘Really?’
‘Really.’
He cut the call. Across the road was a grocery store. He went into it and bought a pair of woollen gloves and a can of Red Bull. When he got outside he put on the gloves, took the can out, drank it, and threw it away. Then he went back into the car, got out James Malahide’s iphone, and powered it up. It gave a little buzz: one new message, from “Dad”. He opened up the carrier bag, and deposited the phone inside it. Then he took the Beretta out of his pocket and dropped that inside the bag, too.
He drove to Red Lion Square – under cumulus clouds.


The headquarters of EXD was a modern building, a sliver between old bricks, a shard of glass in a Hitler hole. Inside was a bright lobby with a big TV, comfortable chairs, and a coffee machine. About the place buzzed willowy, smart young men: sharp shoes with little side laces, belts with leather phone pouches, subtle piercings to lips and tongues; they had come to inherit the earth. They didn’t even glance at St Cloud and his three-day growth, his slept-in clothes, his shineless shoes, his blue carrier bag. He scanned the walls and the desk. It was only a small place, and as far as he could see there weren’t any cameras to worry about. He approached the desk, put the bag down, and said to the receptionist:
‘I’m here to see Raymond Emerick. Your CEO.’
‘Do you have an appointment?’
‘Yes. I’m to meet him in reception.’
‘What’s your name?’
‘Henry Malahide. Tell him it’s urgent and I can’t hang around.’
‘One moment.’ She picked up a telephone and spoke into it. A security guard nearby glanced towards him. The girl pursed her lips, looked at the guard, and then back at the phone. Her eyes widened a little, and switched back to him. Then she put the handset down.
‘Mr Emerick says you’re to wait in the breakout room. That’s just across there.’ She indicated a lit room behind frosted glass on the other side of the lobby. ‘He’ll be down shortly.’
‘Okay.’
The security guard stared at him all the way across the lobby, pausing only to share a look with the girl at the desk. He went through a plain wooden door and into a small, brightly lit meeting room. There was an oval table in the centre surrounded by chairs; at one end was a small desk unit with a computer and a large projector screen. A lot of shapes whizzed around the screen and ended up making the letters “EXD”. The screen said “Building excellence”, which St Cloud looked at for a couple of seconds to see whether it was anything deeper than bullshit. It wasn’t. He shut the door behind him, made sure the room didn’t have any CCTV, crossed to the desk, and pulled out the single desk drawer. It was full of highlighter pens and large, folded pieces of flipchart paper; management phrases in black marker pen sat like pointless spiders on the pages. He lifted the paper, stuffed the blue carrier bag underneath it, shut the drawer, took his gloves off, put them in his pocket, walked around the table, and sat in a chair.
A brief, beautiful moment passed.
Then the door opened and Emerick came in.


With him were two people; one was Sunny Jim. The other was a lean, wiry man with dark eyes. Emerick and wiry man were smartly dressed. Sunny Jim wore a leather jacket and an open-necked shirt. Emerick saw St Cloud and paused, then entered more slowly and stood against the wall. Wiry man stood in front. Sunny Jim pulled out a chair and sat on it, chewing gum.
Emerick said:
‘I’m not sure I understand. I thought I was to meet Mr Malahide.’
St Cloud said, ‘I’m afraid Mr Malahide couldn’t make it. He had a diary clash with the Serious Fraud Office. You know how it is.’
The grey eyes watched St Cloud slowly. Sunny Jim kept smiling and chewing gum. Wiry man looked pretty confused by the whole show. Emerick said:
‘The Serious Fraud Office? I hope the Councillor hasn’t done anything wrong.’
‘No, no,’ said St Cloud. ‘Actually he’s done everything right. He’s famous for doing the right thing, didn’t you know? He has an enviable reputation as a guardian of standards, rooting out corruption, that kind of thing. No, he’s probably telling them about the latest bunch of cheap little crooks he’s rumbled.’
The charcoal line that made up Emerick’s eyebrows stayed so straight you could use it as a spirit level. He placed a hand on the table, which exposed a square, chunky watch that cost more than St Cloud’s education. Behind him wiry man put a hand to his face and pinched the top of his nose, like he was stemming an imaginary nosebleed.
Sunny Jim went to speak, but wiry man broke in.
‘I’m not sure I know what’s happening here.’
St Cloud turned to him. ‘We’ve not met, have we?’
‘No.’ 
‘Then let’s be introduced. My name is St Cloud. I met Mr Emerick last Sunday, when I had the privilege to be among the first to congratulate him on the award of the latest contract for our impending glorious festival of sport. And you are?’
‘Greg Stevens,’ said the man, still puzzled. ‘The finance director.’
St Cloud nodded. ‘That’s good. I thought I might have to explain it all again, but I’m guessing you’re probably the man with his actual fingers in the till, you rat-faced little cunt.’
Stevens’s jaw dropped. He shot a look at Emerick, and then back at St Cloud. Emerick laid a reassuring hand on his arm. He was good at that. He said easily, ‘I think perhaps I should ask you to leave, Mr St Cloud. I do recall our meeting on Sunday, and I also recall you being asked to leave then, as well. I think we could possibly overlook your various indiscretions – if you were to depart immediately. Otherwise we may regretfully have to ask our security company to intervene. But please assure Mr Malahide that nothing has changed in our relationship, absolutely nothing.’
St Cloud crossed his legs, and said languidly:
‘Well, there’s the rub. It takes two to tango. Mr Malahide doesn’t see your relationship as the immutable piece of granite that you do. He sees it more as a desert, with sand blowing across the dunes, making all sorts of shapes. Those shapes are quite different to last week. Then they were gentle little mounds. Now they’ve got nasty sharp edges. I’m afraid your dog has bitten through the leash, Emerick. Mr Malahide has every reason to contact the Serious Fraud Office. The only thing that stopped him until now was the assumption – the mistaken assumption, based on a few misleading photographs – that his son trussed up a man and put a bullet in his head. I think we can forgive him leaping to conclusions. He didn’t know the man in question was already dead. And he didn’t know that it wasn’t his son that did the trussing or the shooting, but that instead it was your little friend here.’
Everybody looked at Sunny Jim. But he just smiled and chewed more gum.
Emerick said, ‘Enough. Mr St Cloud, we are extremely busy men. We don’t have time for these tales, entertaining as they are. I really – ’
‘Mr Emerick, as you’re a friend of the councillor, I know you’ll be concerned to hear about him getting his knickers in such a twist. So you’ll be pleased to know I have managed to put him straight on all those misunderstandings. Although I delivered this news in my best oratory style, he still thought twice about contacting the authorities. What made him finally do it this morning is that he just didn’t see any reason to hold back on what he knew – not when he found out his son was lying dead in the mortuary.’
Emerick’s jaw slackened. Sunny Jim stopped chewing. Stevens looked at Emerick, then back at St Cloud.
St Cloud said: ‘Well, I’ve passed on his apologies. I’d best be on my way.’
He slid his chair backwards.
Sunny Jim got up and stood in the way of the door.
Emerick’s eyes burned. 
Stevens said, ‘Wait a minute – ’ then stopped and looked at the table.
St Cloud said, ‘Now then, Stevens. Are you the lame horse?’
He got no answer to that. So he said:
‘Perhaps it’s a question of loyalty. Let’s be clear about the facts. Your CEO here is a monster. He’s looking at twenty years of slopping out and sucking tattooed cocks in Pentonville, and boy, does he deserve it, being as much a thief and a murderer as any of the other inmates. Last Wednesday he tried to blackmail Malahide, a decent man, threatened to ruin him, to destroy his life. Well, he meant that threat. This morning for breakfast I found Malahide’s son served up on a plate, cooked rare, toasted in a delicate brain and blood sauce. Somebody very cruel and possibly psychotic had put a pistol to his head and pulled the trigger. Don’t look down, Stevens. This isn’t time to be a nodding dog, to beg and fetch for your master, to stick your nose up the boss’s arse. This isn’t a powerpoint presentation to the board. This is blood and guts, mate, muck and bullets. This is the time to stand up and be counted, to cry murder, to go cutthroat, to get in the fucking lifeboat and let the women and children drown.’
There was silence. Horses can hear your heart beat.
Only this one wasn’t so lame.
Stevens hissed: ‘You are a fucking dead man.’
So it was come to that. St Cloud stood up. Emerick took a step to the left. Sunny Jim took off his jacket. And everybody got ready for some thunder and lightning.


The door opened. 
‘Mr Emerick?’
It was the girl from reception.
Emerick spat, ‘What the fucking hell do you want?’
She hesitated, and looked at the others, and then back to Emerick.
He snapped, ‘Well?’
‘There are two men at reception. Policemen. They say they have a warrant to search the offices.’
St Cloud looked at the clock. Five past ten.
Stevens went back to looking at the floor. Sunny Jim picked up his jacket. Emerick’s cool, grey eyes did not leave St Cloud.
St Cloud said, ‘You gentlemen are obviously in for a busy morning. I’d probably best be on my way.’
He edged round the table, past the computer, past the drawers, past Stevens and Emerick, and past Sunny Jim. Nobody blinked. The legend on the screen still said “Building excellence” and it still looked a whole heap of bullshit. St Cloud went out into the lobby. Nobody followed him. Over at the desk stood two men in lounge suits with ties and clean chins, liver spots and blue veins the graffiti tags of overtime and double divorces. They looked completely out of place here amongst the steel and glass, and the bright young things who would build the jewels in the city’s new crown. One of the men had a black bag. St Cloud hoped it contained rubber gloves, cardboard boxes, and some wire strong enough to hold down a dead man’s phone and a bloodstained pistol.


This time he met her in the room. She wore a black dress that showed off her pretty neck and a nice little jacket that only covered her shoulders. When the door clicked shut she walked up to him and placed a hand on his chest.
She murmured, ‘You’ve been in the wars.’
‘You’d better believe it.’
She walked to the window, and drew open the blinds. He followed and stood alongside her. It was just getting dark, and in front of them the city was slowly lighting up: the Monument, the Tower, the Scales of Justice. It was the city of light, the city of dreams, the city of the whole world’s hopes.
She said, ‘Come to me.’
‘In a moment. I’m looking at the city.’
‘Are you?’
‘Yes. You can see why they chose it, can’t you?’
‘I don’t know. It’s all just spit and polish.’
‘From where I am, it’s all spit.’
She turned.
‘I thought you’d like it. Alms for the poor, isn’t that what it is?’
‘These past few days it all looks a lot more like snouts in the trough.’
She tutted. ‘You have class envy. It’s an unattractive quality.’
There were a million things he could say to that, but he decided against them all. Instead he walked behind her, touched her neck, and eased the little black jacket off her shoulders. She didn’t move. Then he unzipped her dress, and let it drop to the floor. She stepped sideways out of it. Her back looked smooth and pretty in the lamplight, all pretty caves and hollows. He traced them with his fingers. Then he unclipped her bra, and pushed down her knickers. She took another sidestep out of them. Then he put an arm around her stomach and let the other play with the back of her neck.
He bent his head close to her ear, and said softly: 
‘You are lovely, naked. And not in the dark.’
She said lightly, ‘Didn’t you think I would be?’
‘I had an inkling.’ He kissed her ear. ‘People look better with their clothes off.’
‘You don’t think that.’
‘I do, actually.’ He moved on to her neck. ‘People have hidden depths, you know. Not just people, either.’ He went back to her ear. ‘I had a look at that flash drive of yours.’
She put her hand over his.
‘I knew you would.’
‘How come?’
She turned her head to the left and her lips met his. ‘Because you’re a chiseller, just like Chakaravarti.’
‘Just like Chakaravarti?’
She reached behind him for the buckle of his belt. ‘Maybe not quite. But a poor, dirty little chiseller just the same.’
He let his fingers follow the line of her neck down her spine and then out to her hip. She was smoother then velvet. He murmured: 
‘It’s okay. It was blank.’
‘I know.’
They kissed. It was all pretty easy. 
He pulled his mouth away and to her ear, and whispered:
‘You knew it was going to be blank, didn’t you?’
She purred. ‘Yes. No. Who cares.’
He said:
‘I did. I cared.’
‘Funny you.’
She turned back to face him, and put her hands back on the buckle of his belt. He let them stay there for a minute. Then he kissed her again. She ate him up. He moved his hands up to her back, and pressed her closer. He said:
‘I asked someone else to look at it, as well.’
She kissed his ear. ‘Uh huh.’
He said, ‘Do you know something? When you delete something from a computer memory – and that’s what your flash drive is, after all – then it doesn’t wipe it clean. It just marks that piece and tells the computer it can write more stuff on top of it. Which is fine if it does that. But if you don’t ever use that piece of memory again, it’s still there, if you’re clever enough to find it.’
Her lips stopped moving.
He said, ‘My friend is clever enough. And he did it for me. Look.’
He pulled away from her, dug into his pocket, and pulled out a piece of paper. The picture was by no means perfect, with little square interruptions and a whole lot of fuzz down the left hand side. But there was enough of it left to do business with. She glanced at it quickly, then looked back at him. Then she spent a minute looking between the photograph and a point about six inches above it. From this angle her green eyes looked elliptical, more like the moon than the sun, and not nearly so pretty.
Then she looked him square in the face, and said: ‘Well?’
‘Well.’
‘What do you want me to say?’
‘How about, let’s fill in some details. The steel tubes are the children’s playground in Colthurst Square, Stoke Newington. That dead kid on the ground is a boy called Marlon Samuels, otherwise known as Logic. He’s just been shot in the head. The car driving away with the foreign number plate is your Mercedes, the one that you bought in France. The two people sat in it are you and the late James Malahide. How do I rate for accuracy?’
She didn’t answer; just looked down at the photograph.
‘An old woman in the nearby flat heard the shot, and heard your tyres squeal, and then saw a kid holding what she thought was a gun glinting in the light. But it wasn’t a gun. In fact it was a phone, and the boy was using it to take this photograph. That kid was in a lot of trouble. He had just lost a legal claim against a train company for losing his foot on a railway line. He had the fat shark Chakaravarti chasing him for a legal bill, a bill that poor kid couldn’t have paid in a million years.’
She blinked a couple of times and put her head on the side. ‘So?’
‘So the kid paid in kind. He told Chakaravarti what happened on the night of the murder, and gave him this photograph, this photograph of you and James Malahide driving like hell away after killing his brother.’
She looked up at him momentarily, and brought her tongue to her teeth. Then she looked back down at the photograph.
He said, ‘Chakaravarti had someone on the inside in the Met. I know that because he somehow got hold of the crime report for the murder. He must have got a PNC check done on your index plate. I told you a while ago that I found your flash drive with a crime report and a news cutting about James’s father running for the GLA. Well, I made a mistake. I jumped to the conclusion that this was Chakaravarti’s regular blackmail stash. I was wrong. Those three things were all just one thing. Those three papers were all evidence of one bit of blackmail. Chakaravarti wasn’t a regular blackmailer. There was nothing going in to his bank accounts that would make you think that. No, this was payment for his work – a complete one-off. I doubt he’d ever done it before. You can see why he did it though. He wasn’t going to get his bills paid any other way. He was a man who insisted on getting paid for what he did. And he had the goods on you, a respectable middle-class woman with connections, and on the son of a much-loved councillor. The proper goods too, not affairs or liaisons, not emails or text messages – no, evidence of a murder you had committed. I presume you know this, but Chakaravarti tried to tap James as well, and old man Malahide.’
Clarissa Daniels said, ‘What do you want? Out of this, I mean.’
‘Maybe I want to slum it, like you do. Maybe I want to fuck a woman in the gutter, a woman who murders kids.’
She said quickly: ‘It wasn’t me. It was James.’
She took a step towards him, then another. She looked at the floor. Then she took his hand, and looked up at him. ‘You must know that. Of course you must.’
He said, ‘You were there, though, weren’t you? In your car.’
She pressed herself against him. She felt soft and smooth. ‘It wasn’t my fault. I couldn’t have stopped it.’
He put a hand on the back of her neck, and said, ‘Tell it to the judge.’
She pushed him away. There was a sneer on her face.
‘I was mad for him. You think I like you? You’re wrong about that, pathetically wrong. I was mad for him. He was young and pretty and wonderfully crazy. He didn’t pussyfoot around, like you did. We would drive out at night together, drive to the worst, worst places. Worse than that place you took me. Some evenings we would wind the roof down on his convertible in some scummy place and fuck where they could see us, all of them, out of their grimy little windows. Do you know, we once screwed in the stairwell of some disgusting tower block. People walked past us while we did it, people in their tracksuits, horrible people, with their shopping bags and their dirty-faced children. It was like fucking in heaven.’
He gaped. ‘It was what?’
‘I loved him. He was wild to be with, wild.’
St Cloud spat: ‘Lucky you.’
‘Yes, lucky me. You haven’t got the first idea about it.’
No. He didn’t have the first idea about anything. He said:
‘So tell me how wet you got when your boyfriend killed that kid.’
‘Oh God.’
She turned to the window; then she wheeled back towards him.
‘You’re stupid, do you know that? Really stupid. You just look at this from one direction, thinking anybody who has money or class must be in the wrong, and all those don’t are some sort of heroes. If you must know, we were in my car and two black boys approached us and tried to rob us. They were the criminals, not us. Don’t do your bleeding heart rubbish on their account. You could tell they were trouble, just to look at them. James was better than them. He just laughed at them. They wouldn’t go away. He stopped laughing, and pulled out a gun. I didn’t even know he had one. I thought it was one of his jokes. But he shot one of them. Then we drove off. We drove off and he laughed about it, all the way home.’
He wasn’t laughing now. Nobody was.
She said, ‘I didn’t think we’d get away with it.’
St Cloud said, ‘People like you always do.’
She looked down at the photograph, then said stonily:
‘James was a friend of Hugh’s from old. I’d always liked him. He just didn’t give a damn about anything – about who he slept with, what he did with them, about what drugs he took, anything. And he was beautiful, really beautiful. He had perfect teeth and a lovely square face. I could look at that face for hours, touch it for hours, sit on it for hours. You wouldn’t understand.’
‘So you keep telling me.’
‘I thought he was perfect. I thought fucking him was perfect. It never bothered Hugh because he saw James all the time, and so he didn’t think anything of him being in our house, or phoning up, even of the two of us going out for the evening if Hugh was late at work.’
He caught the intonation, and said, ‘It wasn’t perfect, was it?’
She sat on the bed, and threw the photograph down. He sat down beside her. When she looked back her eyes were shiny, and her top lip was quivering. ‘No. It was the worst, worst thing.’ A hand reached out and held his knee. ‘Hugh would come home from their nights out, or their weekends away, and tell me how James had kissed this girl or that, or spent the night with someone. In some ways I liked it, I knew what he was like, but at the same time – oh God, it was horrible. I would die inside at the thought of him with other people. Sometimes I even thought Hugh did it deliberately, to hurt me, to tell me so casually what James had done to the waitress, or the barmaid – or men, for that matter. He liked rough ones. Lorry drivers. Those vile people didn’t deserve him. And I knew he was so pretty, everybody wanted him, everybody would want him wherever he went. I couldn’t stop that.’
She sobbed. The hand dug into his knee, then pulled away and found his. Tight, urgent fingers leaved into his.
St Cloud said, ‘Chakaravarti called you – and told you what he knew. And about the photo on a flash drive that could put you both in prison.’
A single tear dropped from her eye; it rounded her cheek, and fell square on her breast. There was something pretty perfect about the way that happened. He asked her,
‘Why did you tell your husband all that rubbish about your sister?’
She sniffed. ‘He saw the email. I had to say something.’
‘Why did you call for me?’
‘Hugh knew somebody – ’
He broke in: ‘Really?’
‘Yes, he had this contact in the police.’
St Cloud turned to her, and untangled his fingers from hers. He let them ride up her arm. She lay back on the bed, and he lifted a knee and sat astride her. He let the hand come to rest on the side of her face. She turned her head towards it, and kissed it.
She said, ‘You forgive me, don’t you? Show me you forgive me.’
He brought the other hand up to her neck.
He said softly, ‘Mrs Daniels, if you don’t answer my next question truthfully, I am going to kill you – right here and right now.’
She whispered, ‘You wouldn’t.’
‘You wouldn’t be the first. You know that, of course.’
Her eyes flickered. He placed his hands around her neck.
‘Your husband doesn’t have any kind of contact in the police force, does he? That was bullshit. You knew about me before I ever turned it up in your nice Wanstead house. My history isn’t that difficult to find. It was in the newspapers, on the internet. I don’t think your husband got my number at all. I think you did.’
She stared at him, unblinking.
‘Your friend James’s father got in some serious trouble with some unpleasant people. They shot a man who was already dead, so they could put pretend James had killed him and put pressure on the old man and stop him blowing the whistle. Well, they needn’t have worried. If they had got to Chakaravarti when he was still alive, they’d have discovered the same pickings were already there to be had. Your boyfriend James really was a killer. Three months ago he shot Marlon Samuels in the head and drove off, and Chakaravarti knew it all and had a photograph to prove it. I wonder whether James came to see me the other night so he could do for me, like he did for Samuels. Perhaps he did. Really, I think he came to get that flash drive back – after you’d told him who I was and what I was doing. I think you checked out the flash drive I gave you, knew somehow that I’d switched it for a substitute, and he came around to get it back. Am I right?’
She bit her lip. It was a pretty neck. He exerted a little more pressure on it. It felt nice to do that.
‘Then I think whilst you and I were making sweet music in this hotel, he came back and searched my house for it, only he didn’t find it. He did find his gun, though, and he took it back. By then there was only the one bullet missing, of course – the one that shot Samuels.’
She didn’t flinch, or blink.
‘He sapped me, didn’t he? Yesterday afternoon, while I was doing the rounds. He sapped me in case I was carrying the flash drive. He was out of luck. Then he went back to my house and gave it another try. Only this time he wasn’t alone. You were there, weren’t you? You probably asked him to come back with you and have another look. I think that was a pretext. I think – ’
He hesitated.
‘In my bathroom – ’
She whispered: ‘What?’
‘I think you shot and killed him.’
She just kept looking at him.
‘I think you placed that gun against his head and blew the back of his head off.’ He cried, ‘Why, why? Why, you crazy bitch?’
He released his hands. She took a breath, felt her neck, and said, ‘Go to hell.’
‘Not before you tell me why you did it.’
She sneered, ‘It’s obvious, isn’t it? Because I wanted to finish them.’
‘Them?’
‘Yes. Him and his barmaids and his bellboys. And – ’
‘And? Go on.’
‘And her.’
‘Her?’
‘That little – ’
‘That little what? Say it.’
She snarled: ‘That little shitty fuck-bitch of yours.’
He reeled. ‘Why, you – ’
She blazed: ‘I knew she was there, upstairs. I knew she’d find him. I ran the shower and put some soap in it, and made it look like he’d come in to rape her. She should be so damned lucky. I thought she’d faint at the sight of his blood and his guts everywhere. I thought it would be too much for her. I wanted the police to find them like that. I wanted you to find them like that – him dead and her passed out, swimming in his blood.’
He clamped his hands back on her neck. Her eyes widened. He dug his fingers into her neck and squeezed. She took hold of his wrists, and tried in vain to pull him off. He dug his thumbs hard into her collarbone. She twisted her hips and kicked her legs. Her eyes widened in terror, then in pain and pity, and then closed.


He sat on the bed for a while.
Then he turned and looked at her.


She dragged her knees up in front. She coughed, and felt her neck. There were red dollops across it, like somebody had played a making up game.
She croaked some words.
He could hardly hear. He didn’t want to hear.
He put a hand through his hair, and shook his head out. He said at last:
‘I think you need something, Mrs Daniels. I don’t know if it’s somebody to cure you, or love you, or to wring your damned neck. But boy, do you need something. That night I drove you round the estates I didn’t know the half of it. You’re sick in the head. It wasn’t your husband that came up with the idea of calling me in, was it? It was you. Poor Hugh might have suggested getting somebody to help, but it was you who chose me. You knew my history, didn’t you? You knew about my incident, about my being sacked. And you wanted to get off on it, you wanted to orgasm while I told you all about it, like you did going to those estates, like you flushed like a fountain when your pretty boy lover shot that poor, poor kid through the head.’
She said hoarsely, ‘I could go to the police about you.’
He snorted.
‘I’d like to see you try.’
He got up from the bed. She reached out an arm out for him. He shrugged it off.
She asked: ‘And – what now?’
He turned back to her.
‘This is where you get lucky. Lucky that the gun was found this morning by the police, found in someone else’s possession. Lucky that a corrupt businessman will be charged with James’s murder. Oh, don’t lose any sleep over him, he’d have had me concreted into the foundations of his damned new arena if he had half the chance. You’re lucky too that the Samuels case is finished with. The only witness to that thinks the other boy shot him, and told the police that. But she didn’t tell them anything that could tell them who he was, not really. And he’s not going to tell them, either, and nor is his mother. That’s the last thing they’d do.’
He got up and walked to the door. She stayed on the bed, naked, tear-stained, clutching her knees to her.
She said, ‘So I get away with it.’
He opened the door, and said sadly, ‘It’s like I told you. People like you always do.’
He walked out and down the corridor. There was a soft, deep pile that dampened the sound of everything – the water in the pipes, the air-conditioning, the music, the muffled drone of the sex comedies and low tragedies occurring behind the other wooden doors – even the sound of his own footfall. He looked down at the carpet. It had the shapes of other people’s shoes in it.


THE END


Michael St Cloud will return in “A hot, bright light”.




Also by the same author and available at all major online book retailers:

Filthy Night





“He looked down at the dead man’s blood seeping across the carpet, and decided it wasn’t time for cocktails.”

A stormy night: Paul Brightland needs a specialist to find the men who attacked his daughter. St Cloud needs Brightland’s money and a chance to forget his troubles. But as he is dragged into London's underworld, he discovers those troubles are only just beginning...

“CSI meets noir in London’s underbelly… a roller-coaster ride”


Back to contents




Contact the author at
Facebook: http://www.facebook.com/search/results.php?q=William+Zanzinger&init=public - !/profile.php?id=100003058266558
Twitter: http://twitter.com/ - !/WZanzinger
Web: http://www.williamzanzinger.com/


Back to contents
