                                                      Bootsy Katz and the Case of Witch vs Bitch 

                                                                        Episode One

                                                                   by C. Christine Sproule


Bootsy aka Mildred Katz liked her job at the school and stayed on after her last assignment. She kept her P. I.  license and took simple assignments for her old boss, a Reno attorney. She had settled into the community. I wasn't Mayberry but it wasn't Stepford either. She assisted teachers, assisted the librarian, and assisted anyone in the school that need assisting. She joined local bird watching group. She hadn't found a man but the pickens get scarce at sixty. The unattached usually are a mess and the good ones are married. Widowers are scoped out at the late wife's funeral. Bootsy could not do that. She resigned herself to more years alone since her husband and fellow P.I. died five years before. 
She lived in her lake shore cabin with her dog, Winston, and a local raven had adopted her. She fished and did watercolors. She did quilling, scrap booking, and crocheting. She was content. But she wondered when her next adventure would land her in an interesting case or dilemma. 
	She drove her all wheel drive Outback into work. She was dressed properly for the school, conservative and understated. That meant dumpy and drab. At home she wore jeans and tie-dye tee shirts but at work it was dresses. 
	She went into the teachers room and was horrified. Mr. Weksler was slumped over the table and blood was pooled under the chair. She was always one of the first ones to school and she lived the farthest away. She  dialed 911 like she had done this many times before. Well, she had done it many times before. She touched nothing and headed for the principal's office. The police were on the way.
	“Yes, I am absolutely sure he is dead. I checked his neck all the arteries were severed.”
	“Do not touch anything,” said the 911 operator.
	She knocked on the principal's door just as the police pulled into the teachers' parking lot. They startled a road runner with a limp lizard half swallowed. 
	“Where's the body?”
	She pointed to the teachers' room and informed the principal what was going on. 
	“Yes, Mr. Blake, he is definitely dead. He is stiff and the pool of blood is very large.”
	“Oh my.”
	He was stopped from entering by a stoutly built deputy. It was Felice Smith. Bootsy wondered if a worse fitting name could be found than Felice Smith. Hilde or Drusilla maybe but not Felice. 
	The coroner drove up and he came in. He was a plain man. His skin was plain white and his hair was plain brown. He was five feet ten and neither fat or thin. He wore a gray suit and a plain blue tie. His eyes were plain brown. To Bootsy he seemed not to possess a  personality.  His name was Tom Tompkins. She thought his  parents had no imagination. 
The principal looked into the room and saw the blood. He looked like he was going to be sick. Bootsy guided him away and suggested he splash cold water on his face. The crime scene tape was everywhere so Bootsy stepped out of the office and sat on a bench. Three more squad cars drove up one was from the county sheriff's department. The teachers would be showing up soon. 
	Mr. Blake had composed himself rather well. He sent all the teachers to the multipurpose room after explaining what was going on. When Eva Carr, the school secretary, showed up he had her take over directing people to the multipurpose room. He nodded at Bootsy to join him. They walked over to the multipurpose room.
“Mr. Weksler is dead. I will take his class. Everyone is to go to their rooms and we will send the children to the rooms as soon as they arrive. I had Mrs. Carr ask the police officer in charge to not move the body until the children are inside their classrooms. Please draw the drapes”
	Every one talked at once and then went to their classrooms. Bootsy was then assigned to telling the children where to go. She wondered why she had been given that job. She planned to ask when things were more normal. It was a small school, kindergarten through eighth. It had three hundred and forty-two students. Many came from the rural area and were bussed. She met both buses and explained to the drivers. The drivers then told the children to go to their classrooms right away. 
	Bootsy talked to the few parents that actually drove their children to school. They opted to just take their children home. The walkers started to straggle in and Bootsy firmly sent them to their classrooms. 
	Officer Felice walked over after the bell rang and asked if she could send the principal to the office. Felice smirked as she said it. 
	Bootsy was now in Mr. Weksler's classroom and she was in charge of a the eighth grade class. Some of the boys started to get a bit rowdy.
	Slam! She brought a ruler down on the desk.
	“Sit down.”
	They sat. She then took roll. Everyone was present. The kids did not know how to act. 
	Bootsy walked over to the table in front of the blackboard and sat down.
	“I guess we all don't have a script for this. I am not a teacher and I have you in this room. You most likely have never had a teacher die before. So let's start with it is okay not to know how you feel. It will take a while for it to sink in. People react in many different ways. None are better or worse than others. “
	“Are we going to do the class work?” asked a nerdy girl with straight cut bangs and dark rimmed glasses.
“No, I would not know where to start. But maybe if you have some reading to do. Yes let's try that.”
	A couple of boys started to make wise cracks. Bootsy hit the desk with the ruler and they shut up. She was glad because after the ruler trick she had karate but she thought that was illegal. She sat down at the desk and studied the roster. Then she opened the drawers and started looking. She did it using her pretty pink vintage handkerchief. 
	She did not see anything but teacher stuff; pencils, erasers, paper clips, rubber bands, and  blue poker chip. But after all this is Nevada and poker chips are everywhere. A police officer, not Felice, came to the door. He had the bus driver, Ralph, with him. 
“Mrs. Katz, the detective wants to talk to you. Ralph will babysit.”
She grabbed her handbag and followed the officer back to the school office. The detective was using the nurses office to question people.
    She sat down and waited for him to proceed.
	“Okay, Mrs. Katz, tell me what you found.”
	“Detective, I opened the door to the teachers room. My first impression was I smelled blood. Then my eyes adjusted and I saw Mr. Weksler slumped over the table and I saw the very large pool of blood. I had no real doubt that he was dead but I checked, his throat was slit and the muscles were stiff and the body was cold. His hair was mussed up. I assumed it was a homicide. The teachers room looked pretty much they way it always does on a Monday morning. It had been cleaned Friday afternoon by Jed, the custodian. He always leaves it neat. The coffee maker had been used since then because there was some concentrated coffee goo in the carafe. A news paper was on the table and it was open to the sports page. They curtains were still closed. That is why I had to adjust to the change from bright sun and a darker room. 
The time was about seven and no later than seven o'five. A set of keys was on the floor near the table leg and to the right of the body. It had some spattered blood. I then called 911 as I was heading for Mr. Blake's office. That was at seven o'six.”
	“Your sure a cool one. It seems like you have found a lot of bodies. What gives.”
	“Detective Hinton, I worked with my late husband. He was a private investigator. And I have seen a few dead bodies.”
	“Uh.”
	“Is there anything else you want?”
	“No. Mildred Katz. Oh, was your husband Arnie Katz?”
	“Yes he was.”
	“I worked with him before he went private. Good man.”
	“He was that. You have my phone number if you need more.”
	She left the tiny cubicle or closet that served as the nurses office. She saw Felice talking to Jed,  the  custodian. They seemed to know each other. They even look a lot alike. Probably related.
	Mrs. Carr was contacting parents to see who could be sent home or picked up. The body had finally been removed and the teachers' room would be off limits for several more days. 
The police questioned every teacher and all the staff. No one had any idea why Mr. Weksler had been murdered. He was divorced and his children grown. Bootsy was glad she did not have to make those phone calls. The school had been nearly emptied by ten. The last fourteen students were waiting until some one responsible could come get them. The teachers had gone home. The school had been taped off as a crime scene. The TV crews had shown up from Reno. Bootsy was allowed to go home at eleven.
She got home and Winston, ran down the driveway to escort her to the cabin.   Edgar, the raven, scolded her for leaving home. She went and changed to faded Wranglers, a faded tie-dye shirt in blues and plum, and some cowboy boots that had been resoled four times. She gave the dog a nice rib bone full of beef from the fridge. They sat on the porch and looked at the Lake Croffer. 
	She mulled over the day's events. The phone rang. The school would be closed all week. Grief groups would meet at various places and times around the town. She decided to attend one because she figured it would pull the people who knew him. She had her antennae up and wiggling. The memorial service would be Thursday night at the Catholic church. 
Mr. Weksler was a simple guy. He loved the local teams and attended a lot of games. He never missed the local high school game. He went to all the Sierra View games and he wore the school colors. He taught eighth grade core classes and coached basketball. He was fifty something and did his hair in a classic comb over. He was a loafers kind of guy for shoes. He jogged. He attended mass early Sunday mornings. Thursday evenings he had poker night usually at his cottage. He drank a little beer hated wine and stronger stuff. He did love his coffee and stocked the teachers room with gourmet coffee. He tended the Bunn too. He liked movies from the thirties and forties and owned a extensive collection. He seemed to be a moderate politically and bragged he split is ticket every time but once when he had to vote all Democratic. He was a member of the Elks. Who would want to kill him? Why?
	He was vice principal so he had the keys. Those were probably the ones on the floor. He would come in on weekends to do little projects. He put up a nice shelving unit in the teachers' room a few months back. Just a nice man. That was the best word for it. Nice. 
	Winston walked up holding his fetch stick. It was an elbow of drift wood and it would curve in flight. It was his favorite.   She smiled pulled her self up. Storm must be coming. The left knee was stiff and a bit achy. She walked down the path toward the lake and threw the fetch stick it arced left and landed on a pile of rocks left by the last glaciation. It was an odd assortment of various colors of granite one was about the size of a Geo and it had large crystals. 
	Winston climbed up and scattered a couple of chipmunks. He preferred fetch to hunting and barely noticed them. The next throw was left handed and it curved north along the shore. It almost went into the lake. 
	“I need too be more careful boy or I will be smelling wet dog for a long time.”
	They walked back when they saw a cloud of dust heading their way up the dirt road. It was the detective. He was a interesting guy. He looked a bit Hispanic but bearing was  different. She was trying to figure that one as she walked back to meet with him. She was glad she had left her bra on. She was small busted and hated bras. She had started wearing the sports bras. They made more sense.
Dwayne Hinton,  got out of the unmarked car and headed towards her.
“Why didn't you tell me you are a P.I. too?”
“I am not working on anything right now. I am semi-retired. Let's have a lemonade on the porch.”
“That explains why you were so observant and so calm. Any ideas who did it?”
“Your not telling me go away this is for the professionals." That is refreshing. “Weksler seemed to be someone that never made waves, was well liked, lived an orderly life, and he could be counted on to do what he said he would do.”
	“Mrs. Katz, were you two involved?”
	“Call me Bootsy, I am Mrs. Katz at school for decorum's sake. I admit we looked each other over several times and not a spark was emitted by either of us. He was just not my type. Maybe too orderly but more likely our chemistries did not jive.”
“No would have been sufficient.”
“A good detective always wonders about what isn't said more than what is said.”
“I remember Arnie said that,” he smiled. He liked the Mildred/Bootsy. There was a lot more to her than what was noticed at first glance. Winston walked up and put his paw out to shake. They were them properly introduced. With a shake for the human and a sniff for the dog. Then Winston started gnawing on what was left of his rib bone. 
	They talked in depth about the victim and it started to drop huge rain drops. They moved inside because the wind started to howl off the mountains and the lightening flashed and the thunder sounded like what the pins hear in a bowling alley. It was a real gully washer. He could be stuck for a while.
She motioned him towards the couch or easy chair and she took the Aim-n-Flame a lit the kindling in an already to go stack of wood in the stone fireplace. He looked around and noticed most walls in the main room were natural logs but the far wall had been partially sheet rocked and painted a neutral tan, A series of light ethereal mountain landscapes hung on the many pegs. They were signed Bootsy. He just walked over to look rather than sit. He really liked a sunset that was not cliché. The shadow was creeping up a misty glacier but the buttes were gleaming in the setting sun. It was looking east at reflected sunset.
“Where in California did you paint this?”
“Bad Grass beyond Mono Lake.”
“Rough country.”
“Winston and I hiked in last summer.”
That impressed him. This petite but not wispy woman, three years older than him hiked in carrying painting equipment. 
“Did you carry all the gear yourself?”
“I borrowed a burro. The easel is too ungainly for me to carry.”
“You sure don't seem like Mrs. Mildred Katz out here.”
“I am slowly changing that persona at school. I adopted it for a case and ended up loving this place. I mean the town, the school, and the lake. But out here I let my hair down more than literally,” she said laughing. 
He sat and she gave him a mug of coffee. She had one. Hers was straight and he had cream and sugar. He drank coffee like a cop. Deep first sip and savored before putting down the mug. He had long legs and narrow hips. His shoulders were what she would call strong not broad. His hair was black, straight, and lightly salted. His skin was soft and strong like good leather gloves. His hands were strong but not roughed up. He took care of them. The nails were neatly trimmed.  His suit was better than average for a police force. It was brown and it was a western cut. The belt was tooled leather. The shoes were brown boots. His eyes glittered with intelligence. Quite a man she thought. 
	“I am going to call the station.”
	She went to the window and the rain was coming down like Niagara Falls. She could not see beyond the porch. 
	“The bridge at Mallard Creek is gone,” he said.
	“Looks like you're stuck til morning, if the rain has stopped by then. Better call home.”
“No one there, the kids are grown and Stella passed almost three years ago. Do you have children?”
“My daughter, Cynthia, is a missionary in Cebu Provence in the Philippines. Her son, Jerry, is at Sac State. I mean Sacramento State. My son , Bobby, is a Colonel in Afghanistan. His wife and kids are at Fort Lewis Washington. All I have locally is Winston.” 
	He nodded knowingly. She was actually happy he was unattached. She told him where the bathroom and guest room was. 
Then she started working on dinner. No left over spaghetti tonight. She was thawing venison steaks in the microwave and stoking the wood burning stove. She got out potatoes to peel but he took over. They fit well in the kitchen. They were clicking. She opened a jar of home canned green beans and put them in a pan. They got the potatoes boiling for mashing. When they were tender. She salted the iron skillet.
	“How do you like them?”
	“Medium rare.”
	She put some spices on the meat and plopped them into the pan. 
	He was mashing the potatoes and she put a spoonful of smashed garlic in and some grated cheese. They sat and eat at the rustic table in the main room. He called the station for an up date. 
	“Ferguson's Wash has wiped out Route 12.”
	“You are really stuck.”
	Winston got a small piece of steak on top of his organic kibble.
   She let him out and he did his duty as quickly as any dog could. She met him at the door with towels and had him dried off. He spread out in front of the fire. Bootsy and Dwayne  talked and laughed until eleven and turned in. She had a bit of trouble slowing her mind down to sleep.
	She was up a six and smelled the coffee. He was up and had pancake batter all ready to go. That was very pleasing. Arnie could barbecue but his cooking skills were a bit mundane to awful. 
	“I hope you don't mind that I figured out where you stowed things and I am making breakfast.”
	“I am delighted.”
	He smiled and poured the batter. She was told to sit so she hopped on a yellow and white metal stool circa 1950 something. She bought it Willy's Thrift and Junk on Elm. She was smiling, so was he. The rain had slowed up but it was still coming down. After breakfast he called the station and they had a route he could get back it was  thirty-five miles instead of twelve. 
	They lingered at the door and again at the porch but he finally said good bye and walked carefully to his Wrangler. It was a slow muddy trip down the road and he actually had to turn north and circle around to Sierra View to avoid all the wash outs.
	She stood and just watched him drive away. There was definitely some chemistry. Winston seemed sad to see him leave. The lake was full of floating debris. There were several whole trees floating around. Hopefully they drift towards her shore. They would make good fire wood after they dried out. It was too muddy to try today. They soil was mostly granite gravel except in the marshes. The sugar pines handled the poor soil pretty well. Her cabin was not leaking anywhere and the barn had held up just fine. The chipmunks were on the boulders that dotted her yard sunning themselves. The jays were acting like angry old bitties. The rabbit was out nibbling, he was wet. The air smelled of wet wood and the air was cold. She went back in because she was chilled. 
	She did the breakfast dishes. Dwayne had rinsed everything thoroughly. She did them with a smile. Winston was wagging his tail he had picked up on her mood. 
	“Winston, I bet the murder was not done by a burglar. I am using the hunch system that Arnie loved in me. I didn't feel hate or greed.  Oh well, I am not on the case. Like that's going to stop my brain. Huh boy. Do you need to go outside?”
She walked over to the dogie door and unlatched it. He went through and she went to her computer to check her email. Almost every teacher had emailed her. She started to greet each one and answer their questions but she use the excuse that she could not talk about the specifics of what she saw. Not one teacher nor Mrs. Carr said anything about the victim having any enemies. 
	The road conditions were still bad. The bridge was being replaced by a temporary one. It would be two days until it was crossable. It would be up in time for the funeral. She kept her cupboards full so she needed nothing from the store. The email from Dwayne asked if they could meet before the funeral. She noticed her heart rate speeded up as she answered yes. They would have a late lunch at the cafe. She wasn't sure if it was business or social.  
It was Thursday and she parked in front of Sierra View Cafe, “Best Steaks in Town!” Dwayne followed her in and they got a quiet booth in the far corner. It was the one used for business during the day and lovers at night.
“Is this business or more?” asked Bootsy.
“Both, but mostly the later.”
“Business first, was Mr. Weksler acting strangely recently?”
“No, he was always the same; white bread, vanilla ice cream, and tap water.”
“Sounds like the only thing remarkable was his death, that is sad.”
She nodded. They talked for an hour about their interests and he asked her to join him on Saturday. He was picking her up and dress in jeans and a nice shirt.
“Bring a hat and a jacket, leave a little extra food for Winston, we won't be back until late.”
Bootsy walked into the church and sat with other members of  the Sierra View staff. She had a black lace scarf over her head. She had used it when she went to temple with Arnie a few times a year.
	The front was reserved for family. Beth was buffered by her husband David. She was in a long black velvet skirts and a blouse of the same material. She wore a black little hat. It looked stupid and an affectation. 
	Cindy came in in a sophisticated black pants suit with a silk steele grey blouse. Stan buffered her away from Beth. The priest did the eulogy. The funeral was over in thirty minutes. The static between the sisters was palpable to everyone. It made father Lange a bit uneasy. He had a few beads of sweat on his brow and did not relax until the family was safely out of his church.
The reception was at the school. It was in the multipurpose room. Beth and David arrived in their behemouth of a white SUV.  David was very vigilent as the walked into the room. The sat up in front at the main family table with Brad's brothers and sisters and their spouses. The cousins were seated at two very large tables flanking the main table.
	There were large pictures of Mr. Weksler up on the stage. The side table near the entrance had the guest book and a coulage of pictures of his life. The school staff stuck together as a unit. Mr. Weksler's poker buddies and their wives were another unit. People he worked with in various events at the Elks made another distinct unit. His close friends from church made another unit. Bootsy noticed this pattern. People knew which unit right away. No one seemed to torn between two groups. His students had to stay with parents except six who were herded around by PTA President Shiela Nelson because they could not be escorted by a parent. 
	“Bootsy, did you see how Beth looked like she wanted to shove Cindy into the grave?” said Eva Carr.
	“This isn't the place, but yes.”
    After eating the plain boring meal the reception line was set up so people could wish his daughters well and share condolences. 
	Beth stepped in front of Cindy and stepped right on her toes. 
	“Watch it Miss Prim and Proper, that's my toe.”
	“If this wasn't dad's funeral I would teach you to watch you vulgar mouth.
	“You gonna soap it out or just punch me. That isn't very Christ like of you Church Lady.”
	“Why you!” and Beth lunged at Cindy but David caught her and moved her forcefully further away from her grinning sister. 
	“Cool it Cindy, she is not worth it,” whispered Stan.
	It was a stand off the rest of the reception. Mr. Blake was worried about a free for all. He started patrolling the room like he did at lunch some times. The pictures of Mr. Weksler would be left up for the all school assembly in his honor on Friday morning. 
The many feeling of everyone was they were glad it was over. Bootsy wondered what could have caused the two sisters to hate each other. They were such opposits. Was that part of their hatred of each other  she wanted to ask some one if they knew why they hated each other. It would wait until after the assembly. Eva might know. She knew more about people in Sierra View than any one else Bootsy had meet. She never exaggerated and she only shared what was necessary. Basically she was not a gossip. She just knew things because she had been the school secretary for forty years.
Back at the office after the assembly Bootsy asked Eva about Mr. Weksler's daughters.
	“Mildred, I haven't got a clue. When they were going to school here they were the closest of friends as well as sisters. Then at high school they became the worst of enemies. Then the girls had to be separated. Mr. Weksler would have one at his place and his ex had the other one. When she moved to Vegas they alternated years. Until the girls were on their own. They manage to avoid each other shopping and such. They stubbornly refuse to move out of town. It is sick, if you ask me. But no one knows why.”

	Dwayne arrived at 7:45 in a nice Silverado truck. He was dressed in jeans, boots, and a western shirt. He opened the truck for her. They headed north east to the small town of Waller and they were having Pioneer Days. The was a parade, a small rodeo (locals only), craft fair, ethnic booths serving tasty treats and others with arts and crafts. 
	When the went to the rodeo she saw Dwayne's name on the list of bareback bronc riders. The bareback event was after the barrel races. So he excused himself and walked over to the gates. 
	“Here is Dwayne Devil Rider Hinton, he graduated from Waller High in 69. He is on Bailey a sweet looking piebald but he has an uncanny way of disrupting his motions and many a rider has ended up in the dust.”  
	The gate opened and Bailey knew his job well. He bucked three normal ones, reared up and twisted and then  put his front hooves down and fishtailed. Most riders usually lost it there. Dwayne' s form was not great but he was still on for the full time. The guys on horses came by and helped Dwayne off. It wasn't necessary because when Bailey heard the buzzer he knew the game was over. Treats awaited the horse when he was back in the paddock.
	Dwayne returned to Bootsy after dusting off and washing his hands. He brought sodas. The last event was bull riding.
	“You have to be crazy to ride them, no one can convince a bull it is a game,” he said.
	Bootsy enjoyed the day and the ferris wheel ride before heading home. She had a nice beaded necklace that Dwayne had purchased for her at one of the tribal booths. She bought herself a lovely red vase. They had to drive eighty-five miles to get to her place along Interstate 80. She noticed all her senses were more acute. He seemed to be feeling it too. Without a speed limit they would be at the turn off to her place in about an hour. She wanted him to slow down not because fear but she wanted to send more time together. She decided to invite him in. What would she do if he got sexy. She started to play with that in her mind just as a Dwayne slammed on the breaks. A spotted cat growled and hissed as it stood over a dead doe. Dwayne grabbed his cell phone and started snapping pictures leaning out the window. Bootsy started shooting  pictures with her digital. The cat grabbed the doe and headed into the brush. 
	“What was that?” she asked.
	“Beats me. Can I use your INTERNET when we get to your place.”
	“Uh hu  I mean of course.”
     They stayed in the truck. After a few minutes they headed north again. The speed was back up to about eighty and  Dwayne slowed up to turn up the dirt road that went past Bootsy's cabin.
	“It had spots?” she said.
	“Spots, yes.”
	“I thought leopards were sleeker.”
	“I don't think it was a leopard. I think it was a jaguar.”
	“Aren't they extinct in the U.S.”
	“Few  left in Arizona.”
	
	She awoke before he did and got up and made coffee. She started a fire in the wood stove. Then she took a quick shower while the stove got itself adjusted. She had unlatched the dog door. Winston was not happy with the bedroom door shut. He barked at the angry jays. Bootsy heard Dwayne on his phone. He came out with his shirt not tucked in and kissed her neck as she was whipping some eggs into an omelette's.
 	“The chief asked what we had been smoking after I reported the jaguar. He needs me to come in around noon. What are you doing after school tomorrow?”
	“Not much.”
	“Come by the station about 4:00 and park in back where it says employees only. We can at least catch an early dinner and maybe a movie.”
	“Sounds good.”
     Poor Winston, she thought, Saturday she was out late and now she would be out again on Monday. She smiled wickedly. 
	Then she grabbed the dirty clothes and headed to the barn where the washer and dryer were located. It really wasn't a barn, more of an out building. It held a couple of vehicles and a small row boat and tools and an extra chest freezer. 
	She then played fetch with Winston before gathering drift wood. She called Mrs. Carr to see if there were any special instructions for Monday. She was told a grief counselor would be standing by. She had the rest of the afternoon. She did not want to paint. She did not want to clean house. Besides it was clean. She went back in and started researching Jaguars and Mr. Weksler. She got more on jaguars. His obituary had all the stuff she knew about and only added that he had been born in Carson City and had gone to college in Reno. She checked out the high school in Carson City and found he was a member of the history club. He was a history major in college. He did not seem to do much beyond that. This guy almost passed through life without making waves or even ripples.
	Bootsy thought about his two grown daughters. One was Mrs. Conservative, an ardent member of the religious right. That one was Beth Smith. She was deliberately dressing dumpy. If she had used a little smarts she could be pretty. The other was Cindy Weksler-Stein was a ardent liberal, activist, with pink streaks in her blond hair.  The were barely civil at the funeral. If almost coming to blows could be called civil. Their respective husbands had to herd them away from each other. That was the only interesting thing. Even the meal after was typical, average, and nothing special. She found Mr. Weksler's life absolutely depressing.
Bootsy found that his ex-wife was Noreen Gibson. Well she was a bit more interesting. She was first runner up in the Miss Carson City Pageant. She lives in Las Vegas and was a prominent real estate broker. She was using her maiden name but she was married to some big wig named Salvatore Lombardi.  Was he improperly connected? That was stereotyping and she felt a pang of guilt but she thought it would be good to find out. They were in the social pages of the Vegas papers frequently.
Bootsy called he friend Dicey Flynn LVPD. He said they were as clean as a hospital operating room. She laughed because she was not sure that was a good analogy. They were multi-millionaires. They had two children a boy, named for his father, and a girl named Pamela. Not even a parking ticket on any of them. 
She sighed and ruffed up the extra fur on Winston's neck. It wasn't even time for dinner. Now what. She wanted to call Dwayne but she did not have anything to seem like police business so she refrained. 
	She went to her closet and picked out a nice pant suit in cranberry. She decided to wear it to work. Then she found a special black hair band it was time to let her hair down a bit at school. It would be all over town that she and the detective were an item. Lunching at the cafe was one thing but dinner and a movie was another. The kids would all know by Tuesday at lunch. She was three years older than he was. But at their ages that was not meaningful. 
	She pulled the left over spaghetti out of its hiding place in the freezer and nuked it. She had a salad and she ate without any gusto. Her mind was on Dwayne. 
I am not a love sick teenager, she thought. The only difference was she had more experience and a little more wisdom. Other than that it felt the same. She decided to wear black boots with the suit. Then she picked out a bold pin to wear with it. 
	After school she pulled into the parking lot and there was a space next to Dwayne's Silverado. It was all washed and waxed or what ever they now do at car washes. She checked her face as her grandmother always called it and headed to the employee entrance as instructed. Dwayne meet her and escorted her into his office. They was a nice rack of antlers over his desk and a pronghorn headed mounted over the door. The other wall had the biggest brown trout she had ever seen. Good they had fishing and hunting in common. She wasn't into horses but she wasn't against learning. He excused himself and finished typing a last report. Then he escorted he out to the truck. A couple of guys made wise cracks, nothing in poor taste. Dwayne ignored them.
	It was the cafe again.  The town also had a Chinese place, two burger joints, and the taqueria. They sat in a window booth. The whole town could see them. 
	“I did find one interesting thing about the victim, he was an avid stamp collector and he has a very valuable collection.  He would buy collections from all over the country and beyond. He would keep the very best then sell the left overs piece meal. He made a lot a lot of money doing it.”
	“What is a lot of money?'
	“About $75,000 a year. He invested it conservatively and well diversified. His estate is about two and a half million or even more.”
	“I am shocked.”
	“So were we. We will get a look at the will soon. It may explain why he was killed,” he said.
	They ate and went to a chick flick. She smiled at the thought that Arnie had said. When I guy takes a date to a chick flick it is to get her in the mood. She smiled.
	“What are you smiling about?”
	She leaned close and whispered that in his ear. He looked and she nodded.  She saw he was wondering how to pull it off with out the entire town knowing.
	“Who cares.” she said
	“I care about what the PTA will say. I'll head east and you head home I meet you there.”
	On the way home she decided what to do if she lost her job. Nothing. She can afford to live in the cabin without it. She likes the school but it was not that big a deal. But then small towns can be unfair. Like cities can't.
They had an early breakfast so he could circle around and hit the station from the east. The sneaking around was getting old quickly. He had some of his stuff at her place so he did not show up at work in the same clothes. They met at the cafe for lunch. She was in a long skirt and a peasant blouse. She looked great. He was thrilled when she entered the cafe. The waitress brought two coffees. 
	“It turns out Brad Weksler was even richer than we thought. We had his stamp collection appraised and it is now in a vault. It is one and a half million.  He also owned a lot of rental properties in Sparks. He used a property management company.”
	“Who besides his stock broker, IRS, lawyer, and the property management company knew he was rich?”
	“Bootsy, you think like I do. His ex-wife and his daughters think he was just a eighth grade teacher. The daughters aren't expecting much maybe a little life insurance.”
	“Has the coroner come up with anything?”
	“Only that the victim had cancer and the killer used his left hand.
	“What did Doc Francine say?”
	“He wasn't her patient.”
	“But she is the only doctor in the area.”
 “He seems to have traveled to Sparks to see a doctor sometimes, we found bills but all routine stuff and nothing recent”
	“Did he know?”
	“Not sure.”
	The phone rang. It was Dwayne's phone.
	“Damn, really.”
	Bootsy look curious.
	“It was Gladys telling me they found his safety deposit box. It was full of more stamps. It was one of those really big boxes.”
	“Does he have a will?” she asked.
 	“Yes, it is being dealt with on Friday at Conroy James office.”
	“He is such a twit. Is it true his real name before he changed it was James Conroy?”
	“Absolutely, he had lippo suction, a face lift, a chin augmentation, and hair plugs too but he still looks like a bug eye goldfish.”
	Molly the waitress was smirking as she took their orders. Molly knew when to share what she overheard and when to shut up. She got a glance from Dwayne.
	“Two burgers and a closed mouth coming up.”
	They talked and got back to work with seconds to spare. Tonight they would be in their own places. This was not what Bootsy wanted. She wondered if they got hitched where they would live. They could live in his condo during the week and the lake on weekends. That was going to be her suggestion. She wondered what he was thinking. 
	She was helping the substitute in Mr. Weksler's class. She could see the students did not like Mrs. Marsha Lynn Cunningham. Bootsy was professional but she did not like her either. 
	At home that evening after a fun time playing fetch she made a big salad and added goodies. Winston got kibble and a half a can of dog food topped with a raw egg. She was spoiling him. She hopped on the computer and started checking out stamp collecting. She learned all she could. 
	The money was now probably the motivation. Before they had not a single reason why Mr. Weksler might have been the victim. Now it was a great deal of money. But she had not felt greed at the scene. Arnie counted on her feelings a lot when he was alive. She could tell revenge, jealousy, greed, lust, power, and a couple of vaguer ones. She got none of that. She was wondering what she felt.
	She then looked up Dwayne. He had been a champion bronc rider for about twelve years. He won a lot of money and he had a bunch a trophies. Stella married him when they both retired from the circuit. She was a barrel racer and a trick rider. She had gone to college and gotten a degree in marketing. She had worked in Reno. He had gone to the police academy. One newspaper article said he was staying on until his replacement could be hired. That was well over a year ago. 
	Dwayne was on the computer at his condo. He was looking up Mildred Bootsy Katz. She had been married to Arnie for many years. It was his second marriage and her first. She had been an art major. First San Fransisco City College, then San Jose State. She was a drama minor.  She had joined  Arnie's detective agency about a year after graduating. They married six months later. She also painted and sold her works in Reno and Las Vegas. They were news articles showcasing the private detectives and the cases they had worked on. Then they were no longer in the papers and five years ago Arnie   died. The  obituary did not say what he died of. The funeral notice said instead of flowers make a donation to Alzheimer research. 
	“Nasty way to go,” he muttered.
	
	They met for lunch on Friday at the cafe.
   “The letter that was with the will states a detective or other ranking police officer has to be present at the reading. The chief choose me. So I have to be there with Beth and Cindy glaring at each  other. I hope it does not get physical.”
“You think they might?” she laughed.
“According to Conroy it has happened before. And I don't mean the little thing at the funeral. They almost weren't going to come but he told them that there was some property involved.”
“Have fun dear,” she gave him a peck and headed back to the school.
He heard a few cat calls from other customers. He was smiling like a teenager in love. He hurried over to Conroy's office. The receptionist looked hassled, haggard, and concerned.
“Evelyn, is it that bad?”
 “Dwayne, we have them in separate rooms until you got here.”
 Conroy escorted Dwayne in and  briefed him about how Beth and Cindy had already shoved each other when they arrived.  He  had separated them.
	The two women came back into the office. Beth was sitting demurely trying to look like the angel she believed she was. Cindy was scowling and muttering obscenities.
	“What is the net worth of Dad's estate less than $100,000 not counting his house?” said Cindy.
	“Well ladies it is in excess of thirteen million. You two are the primary heirs but your father has set a great deal of conditions on receiving the monies.”

	Bootsy met Dwayne at his condo for dinner. 
	“What happened?”
    Dwayne was smiling as he shared that for the first million each they had to work together at Rehab House in Reno for a year, three days a week for four hours each plus staff meetings.
	“That's the safe house for hookers who want out of the business.”
	“It gets better. They have to go to therapy together once a week too. The therapist has been prepicked and prepaid.” 
	“It goes on and on each stage has another test. If they fail one they have to try again at another challenge. They can't quit or not cooperate or all the money goes to various charities. He left $500,000 to the school but it was a matching funds set up. The girls will end up with five million each.” He had given a lot away recently so I bet he knew about the cancer.”
	Bootsy sat shaking her head. “So Mr. Boring had more to him than any of us thought.”
	“Oh, he got a dig at his ex-wife for leaving him over his not wanting to quit teaching and stamp collecting for a higher paid position. “
 “Dwayne, who knew he had that much money?”
“His lawyer and his tax man.”
“Conroy is well off and could not have wielded a knife, what about the tax man?”
“Dead, he died last month in a car wreck.”
 “ I am baffled. Honey, would you pass the salt.”
  “ So is the whole police force. My boss is getting pressured to solve it. We really don't have motive. The daughters have iron clad alibis. Beth was at a Christian retreat in Texas and Cindy was on a Mediterranean Cruise. Also nobody in town is acting any stranger than they always have.”
	“Has the murder weapon been found?”
	“No. We know it was a very sharp knife and the killer used his left hand.”
	“To change the subject was that a jaguar we saw the other night?”
	“Yes, and fish and game are wondering if some one let it go.”
	They cleared the dishes and went to watch a show on Animal Planet on the big cats.  
	“Where did the jaguar come from?” asked Bootsy.
	“Some think some rich person with a private zoo lost one. Animal Control and Fish and Game are checking it out. I am the only one who thinks it is wild.”
    “Why?”
	“The deer was not road kill. Who's feeding Winston?”
	“He is at the vet's getting a root canal, fatty tumor removed and his claws pedicured, cuz he won't let anyone clip his claws when he is awake.”
“That is wonderful. Should we make this official?”
“Is that a romantic proposal?”
“Yes Ma'am.”
“Then I guess I better accept.”
They were having dinner at Bootsy's place on Friday. Dwayne was working on the case using his laptop. He was pouring over the will.
	“This will seems like a suicide letter only longer, except no one could slit his own throat at that angle.”
	Bootsy looked over his shoulder and read the detailed provisions for Mr. Weksler's daughter's. One part of the will was if either daughter tried to sabotage the other they both had to wait a year and start over doing some task cooperatively.
   “Let's drive to Reno in the morning and get hitched.”
	“Oh how romantic, fine with me. Let's go to Elvis's Melody Chapel. I worked a double bigamy case and Sydney “Elvis'” Taylor had married the wacky couple. Sydney and I  are well acquainted.”
 “What is double bigamy?”
“He and she have other spouses.”
“Weird.”
After the vows Sydney sang Love Me Tender and his partner, Butch, played the piano. Butch's mother was the other witness.
It was decided to live at the Lake and Dwayne would rent the condo to someone. Dwayne was dropped off at the station at nine-thirty. Bootsy went to the grocery store in Dwayne's Wrangler and stocked up on groceries. The checker noticed the ring on Bootsy's finger and just smiled. The guys at the station did not even notice the ring on Dwayne, his was plain gold, hers had several gems. They were purchased at a convenient hock shop across the street from the chapel.
	They met at the cafe for lunch. Molly noticed immediately.
	“Two steaks medium rare and all the fixings, and this is okay to share.”
	“Two steaks medium rare and congratulations to the newly weds,” yelled Molly. 
	That caused everyone to come over at congratulate them. Felice noticed Dwayne's ring when she reported for duty and that caused the usual back slaps. By three everyone in town knew about it. The last one was Old Mrs. Henry at the nursing home.
	Then Bootsy realized they hadn't discussed names. Whether or not to change hers. It was not that easy with a P.I. license. She drove over to Harvey Stone's Veterinary Hospital on Elm Ave. Winston was bathed, pedicured and wearing one of those funnel collars to keep him from removing his own stitches. 
She headed home before the ice in the ice chest melted. Winston got car sick. She spotted it in time so she got him out before it happened. She let him go on a short squirt and sniff before resuming. At home she gave him a can of chicken noodle soup just barely warmed up. That stayed down. He did not feel like a walk or fetch. 
She got out her lap top and started checking out Mr. Weksler's poker buddies. It was not a small stakes game. They all showed up with a thousand dollars cash every week. Tom Tompkins, the coroner, Abe Berg, the local dentist, Happy Lang owner of the super market, Phillip Cutter retired, and Herb Clay, psychologist.
Then she checked all of them out as best she could. None were in financial trouble. None had suddenly come into a lot of money. She figured Dwayne had done the same. The next group would be the local Elks and his church. They felt wrong but the poker group felt right. 
	She fired up the stove and started a venison stew. She left out turnips because she did not know if Dwayne  liked them in his stews or not. She made a big salad and put into the refrigerator. 
She grabbed a spinning rod and walked down to the lake. She cast with a Super Duper lure. Dwayne was not going to be home until eight or so. Winston just wanted to sleep. So fishing was a good way to pass the time and trout for breakfast is nice. She fished from sundown until dark and walked back with three nice fish. She cleaned then and put them in the fridge. She checked on Winston. He was snoring. She checked the clock and looked out the window towards the main road. Nothing and it was 8:15. Her cell phone rang.
	“I'll be home in a half an hour, I still have to walk over to the condo and get the truck.”
	They ate stew. Winston awakened and had some gravy on his kibble. 
	“I think you should keep Katz. Your license is in that name. Besides when I retire I thought I could become your partner in the P.I. business. Hinton and Hinton doesn't sound as good as Katz and Hinton.”
	The discussed the poker group and Dwayne was going to start interviewing all of them. He asked Bootsy to check with her informants if any of them had lost or won a lot of money recently.
   Then a phone rang. It was Dwayne's phone.
	“Yes chief, so far not one lead or one motive has come up. Tell the mayor the truth. We are baffled. He won't like it but he can't say you didn't level with him. See ya in the morning.”
	“The mayor wants  me to question  all the lefties in town. Not exactly racial profiling.”
 	“Dwayne, why don't you start with the mayor,  he's left handed and so is the principal.”
    “Good thinking, Katz.”
	Winston needed to go out. He was coming around to himself.
	
Bootsy got on her computer and started checking out Tom Thomkins. It was not as boring or plain as she expected. His late mother could have used the help of Rehab House. His father was unknown and she died three weeks after he graduated from high school as the valedictorian. He skied and sky-dived for hobbies and loved poker. His wife is a nurse and he has three boys, one in High School and two in college.  He is an Elk. He fished and hunted, like most of the men in town. She needed to get to know more. She checked out newspaper articles. Most of the references were in his official capacity but he was honored for raising money for the local summer camp. She decided to talk to Molly at the cafe soon.	
	It was a teacher's in service day so she had the entire day off. She went over to the cafe for brunch. She sat at the counter. The breakfast crowd was gone and the lunch crowd was not there yet. Molly had most of her side work done by 10:30.
	“What will it be Bootsy?”
	“Coffee, and a Denver omelet. Molly, do you know much about Tom Thompkins?”
	She smiled, “He is closed mouth about his job but he loves to hunt. He got a bear a couple of years back. He made it into a rug. He said he hoped to get pictures of his future grandkids on it. His oldest, Craig, is engaged to a girl from Wyoming. He works a lot with his poker buddies doing public service kind of stuff. The painted Mrs. O'Day's house about a month back. Mr. O'Day is in a wheel chair now, since the stroke. Yeah that is the kind of stuff he does. Nice stuff.” 
	She went off to take an order from the window booth. Bootsy drank her coffee and waited for Florence to do the omelette's. There was a ballot clipped to the menu. PLEASE VOTE FOR THE NEW COLLOR SKEAM. Bootsy smile at the spelling and checked black, white and red. She dropped it into the jar on the counter.
The omelet was great like always. Molly said that Tom was working on getting an art gallery in town to help with the tourists. Well, to help them spend money in Sierra View. Bootsy talked about her paintings. Molly said she should call Tom about that. 
	As she walked back to her car she smiled about the art gallery. She called Dwayne and asked him when he would be off and what he wanted for dinner.
	“About six, and steak blood rare with spuds.”
    “Coming up, I love you.”
	“You aren't getting mushy are you, Katz?”
	“I repent, see you about six thirty.”
	She drove by the cabin on Elm  Avenue that was going to be the new gallery. It had a sign stating its future use and a list of donations needed. The list was not just money, but items for the gallery, and labor needs. 
	At home she called Tom Thomkins and discussed exhibiting her works in the gallery. He had never realized that Bootsy was Mildred Katz. 
	“Bootsy, I own one of you paintings. It is a rock surrounded by aspens that are in their fall colors.”
   “I am so glad about that, I was worried I would have to prove my talent.”
    “No need. Do you have any of those post card size prints. They always sell well with art lovers of limited means.”
    Bootsy ended up volunteering to help get the gallery up and running. She would be over on Saturday to get her orientation and key. Then she called Dwayne. He liked the idea both from the art and the detective viewpoints. 
	Saturday afternoon Bootsy drove home from the gallery and was in-tranced by a small band of pronghorn does and half grown fawns. She stopped and took about twelve photographs. She normally did not do wildlife paintings but thought she could adopt a persona and display those too at the gallery. She was musing the rest of the way home. She was a bit startled when she pulled into her parking spot. She had done the last three miles in automatic pilot. That scared her and she decided not to share that with Dwayne. 
“I really like Tom and his wife Bea. They fit together so well, it isn't forced or a show. They love each other but they are comfortable with each other. Oh by the way, he is definitely left handed.” They discussed the gallery and her new wildlife painter persona. 
	“I am interviewing a possible replacement on Monday. He works in Hawthorn now.”
	“If he is a match when can you retire?”
	“It depends how fast he can fit into the community. I have talked a lot with him on the phone and I really like him.  I'll miss the people at the station but not the paperwork or the city politics. My guess is about two months after he is official.” 
     Bootsy downloaded the photos and started doing sketches of the pronghorns. She finally made a composite of three of the photos and did a simple sketch of the animal placement and the background. She set up her easel and Dwayne tactfully went out and did oil changes on the Wrangler and the truck. 
He barbecued lamb chops and spuds. He had made one of his artisan salads with dry cranberries and feta cheese. She stopped to eat and then went back to finish the painting. She finished the dry brush details by 7:30 but had not sign it. 
“I like the misty way you did the sagebrush,” he said.
“Thanks.”
She signed it Sagebrush, with a big smile. She had used a different style than the one she used for her landscapes. This had more washes and gradual color shifts. It had a animistic sense to it. She decided that Sagebrush would be a recluse and never more than two works would be available at any time. Mystery can sell paintings. Tom would have to know and Dwayne but other than that no one would have a clue it was Bootsy. 
She called a potter she had worked for on a case a few years back and got him to agree to sell some works at the new Sierra View Gallery. He suggested a fabric artist in Sparks and he said he would try to get her to place at least one piece. 
“We need a sculptor and maybe a jeweler. That would round it out.”
After dinner she was drying the dishes he washed. They could just sit in the drainer but she liked to keep him company. Nothing mushy of course.
“I really like Tom Thompkins. He is left handed and a suspect but he is a likable man.”
“It seems the entire poker group are nice, solid citizens with only a couple of traffic tickets amongst them. They have a great alibi they were all helping out at Our Lady of Guadalupe orphanage and they have no skeletons to hide. For some reason I suspect it was one of the poker buddies.”
“Is that in your notes?” She said will more alarm than even she expected
“No, I never write down hunches. I hope I can retire and let my replacement try and figure it out.”
 The dishes were done and other things were on their minds. Winston resented the closed door.
Bootsy pulled into the parking place in front of Abe Berg's office. He was the only dentist in town but he did a lot more than basic dentistry. He used to teach at the dental school. She was nervous. Not just about going to the dentist, she was phobic about that, but about getting an implant but Dwayne had said he hadn't wasted his rodeo winnings on liquor and he would pay it.
Abe's receptionist was his wife, Estelle. She was middle aged and a bit over weight but her hair  was done  beautifully. It was a steel gray with white areas over her forehead and her temples. She was wearing a red silk blouse that must have cost a root canal. The gray slacks matched her hair and her nails matched her blouse. She smiled and her face just lit up.
“You must be Bootsy Mildred Katz. Welcome. Relax we don't bite.”
“Hi.”
“Abe, honey, your next patient is frightened.”
That was all Bootsy needed. Was it that obvious. She was too scared to blush or was she. 
Abe was a sixtyish and bald. He was wearing a gorgeous sweater in light  to bark blues. 
 “Hello I am Abe. Please come into my office and let's just talk. “
She expected a dentist chair and got a soft couch. Abe was in front of his desk but on his desk chair.
	“May I call you Bootsy?”
`	She nodded.
     “I apologizes for the dental profession that you have been traumatized. I am so sorry. I am afraid many dentists forget how invasive messing around in someones mouth is.”
	“I haven't been to a dentist in about two years. I have a bad cavity and I want the missing tooth on the right replaced with an implant. Oh of course the cleaning and xrays.”	
	“Okay, today I will take a good look, take some xrays, and then we can come back in here and discuss how to proceed. Is that okay?”
     “Uhha.”
      Abe put on his white coat after he helped her in th the torture chair. He had a clown face on the coat and it smiled then in stuck its tongue out. It said “Be nice to her. I like her.”
	She laughed. He looked and poked a little. Then he took the xrays. Then he escorted he back to his office and the couch.
	“Well Bootsy, your oral hygiene is fantastic. You have almost no tarter. The cavity is shallow and it won't be too involved. I can sedate you if that would make it easier. I won't put you under but you won't remember very much of the procedure. How does that sound?”
 “Aaah Great!”
“Good then we will decide when to do the implant. I want you to feel safe, Bootsy.”
  He then escorted her to the front desk. She was offered a chair and they worked out and appointment time and she was told she needed someone to drive her home. She checked with Dwayne and then thanked everyone and left.  
She meet up with Dwayne at the cafe for dinner. His replacement was going to get the tour of Sierra View at night. 
“Abe is left handed.”
Dwayne nodded while chewing his prime rib. She noticed her gave the I already know look. 
“Burke, Bill Burke, is learning fast. I am supposed to show him all the fabulous night life of Sierra Vista, like Paddy's Saloon and Amber's Cocktail Lounge.”
“Don't forget Lookout Point.” said Molly.
They all laughed because that was where the youngsters went to smooch or more.
“I showed him that this morning so the lovers won't be disturbed unnecessarily,” said Dwayne.
 “Wow, a thoughtful cop,” smiled Molly.
“Not really, but why get Burke a bad rap sooner than he has too.”
  She refilled the coffee mugs with her right hand and water with the left. That always amazed Bootsy. Her left wrist would buckle if she tried it. She was never able to go under cover as a waitress. It was a problem in several cases.
	“I should be able to retire in a few weeks.”
   “Great! I think.”
    “What do you mean by that?'
   “Are you able to fill your days or will you expect me to fill them?”
    “Well an occasional nooner would be fine but I have enough to keep busy and being a partner with you  on some  cases would be fun. Other than that I plan to restore classic cars as a business not a hobby.”
	“Is the beach going to look like a junk yard?”
    “Bootsy, Bootsy, I don't do it like that. That big supposedly empty building back behind the condo. The one on the alley. Uh, I own it and it has my tools and several old cars in it and parts I have been ordering while waiting for a replacement. I hate old cars sitting drive ways while those ADD guys can't figure out how to restore them. I bought several, cars that is, from guys whose wives threw them and the cars out. Other than oil changes and emergency stuff I will do no car work at home.”
“Good.” She relaxed about his hobby and remembered a case that she had worked with Arnie. The wife had nagged about seven cars all in pieces in the garage, driveway, and lawn. She disappeared and her son hired us to find her, unfortunately they found her body.
On Saturday Dwayne took Bootsy to the dentist and read a book while she was being worked on. His cell phone vibrated,  “Hinton, … Yeah I interviewed th entire poker group.... You can talk to all of them but the dentist is drilling on my wife's tooth now....” he laughed and nodded and laughed some more.
	Bootsy was helped to the waiting room.
	“When's her next appointment.”
	“There isn't one, I did it all today.”
	“Thanks Dr. Berg.”
     “Thangs Doctah  Bird,” Bootsy was laughing at her speech. Dwayne got her home and she fell asleep in the Lazy Boy
	Later she said how much she like Dr. Berg. Dwayne used his services too and he liked the dentist. 
	“Gee, Dwayne, so far two of Mr. Weksler's poker buddies are just super nice people without money or any other problems that would cause them to kill. Now what?” 
	He sat shaking his head perplexed.
 	They drove into town to shop and went to the cafe.
	“Buffalo burger with Munster is the lunch special.”
	Bootsy and Dwayne ordered the special and coffee.
	Cindy and Beth came in and sat at a table by the door. To say it was unfriendly was a vast understatement.  The glaring was very intense; two cats in a stand off. They then looked at the menus and read every word.  Molly gave them ten minutes before taking their orders. It was a bi-weekly ritual imposed by the will.
	“You're still picky about your salads Miss Holy Boly.”
	“Your not picky about anything including, your bedmates,” said Beth. “In high school you slept with every jock in the school.”
	“You lieing prissy bitch!”
	Cindy half stood in the booth and reached over the table and yanked Beth out of her seat by the hair. The were rolling on the floor. Beth bit Cindy on her cheek. Then Cindy used her nails like talons and made rows of bloody tracks on Beth's face.  The plastic sugar decanter was broken and they were rolling in sugar and spilled ketchup. They were snarling.
	Dwayne got over and pulled Cindy off Beth before she bashed the older sister's head on the linoleum for a second time.  Bootsy put her boot heel on Beth's throat to stop her from going after her sister. 
    “Just stay on the floor,” said Bootsy as she removed her foot.
	Felice and some cop Bootsy did not know, stopped the squad car on the sidewalk and came running in. They cuffed both of the women. Felice called for backup because she did not want to transport both of them in the same car.
	As the two were forced out of the restruant in handcuffs. Customers help put things back or put the dishes in a dirty dish tub. The bus boy/dishwasher was out with a mop. Bootsy went back to eating her salad. Dwayne was having a few words with Felice outside. He then joined Bootsy just when their burgers arrived.
	“Nice work, Katz.”
	“My pleasure, Hinton.”
	Abe walked over and said, “I videoed the whole incident. I'll make a copy for you.”	
     “Thanks,” said Dwayne.
	Bootsy was driving the Subaru Outback, the back was full of groceries. Dwayne's annoying phone went off. He was nodding and giving ahuhs as responses.
	“Was it about the cat fight?”
	“That was part of it. Doc had a bit of a time with both of them. Beth has three cracked ribs. Cindy is being charged. Her husband is trying to bail her out. And! The cat we saw is definitely a jaguar. It's a she and she killed a calf. A group in Arizona is sending the rancher a nice check to compensate. It is a very big female too. She is larger than the ones in Arizona.”
	“Fish and Game has notified the ranchers that it is illegal to kill it and set up a way for them to be compensated for any losses. Felice said they are being very reasonable and some are even enthusiastic about having jaguars.”
	“I thought they only live in Arizona,” she said.	
     “That is what I thought too. Weksler had several books on big cats especially jaguars.”
     “Could it be related?”
      “Katz, that is too wild an idea for me, but maybe.”

	Boosty had been asked to testify about the brawl. She dressed conservatively and asked to describe the scene and was asked a bunch of questions about her relationship to the sisters.
	“I met them  at the funeral,” she said.
	“Were they getting along?”
	“No.”
	“How could you tell?”
	“Cindy called Beth  and I quote, 'self righteous bitch!' end quote and Beth shoved Cindy until their husbands herded them away from each other.”
	Cindy ended up ordered to anger management classes and community service. Working at Rehab House was counted. 
    No one had a lead on who killed Mr. Weksler. Dwayne  would retire in a week and Bootsy was to attend the retirement dinner. It was catered by a place out of Reno. That was better than the cafe because although the cafe was good it was predictable. Bootsy drove into Reno to get a new outfit for the party. She would keep her job at the school. She bought a plum colored dress with darker plum shoes and purse. Plum was her favorite color. It was expensive but she wanted Dwayne to feel good about her. She had an appointment to have her hair done, a facial, and her nails. The mayor, city council, and a great number of local dignitaries would be there too. It was the event of the spring. The state patrol and county sheriff's department would cut through town several times during the event so the whole force would be present.
	After the meal Chief McHenry stood up to speak.
	“I remember the first week I was here Dwayne  showed me a lot. We were out east of the golf course search for a kidnapped child. The Feds headed east but Dwayne calmly walked south I was yelling he was going the wrong way and he ignored me. And a hour later he was caring the little boy back on his shoulders. 
	I asked him why he went south. He said he was tracking the prints without golf spike marks. I said show me. He walked me over and gave me a lesson in tracking I will never forget. A broken branch and out of place gravel, part of a print here and there. Then he showed me where some hair was stuck in a thicket....
He never wrote his hunches in his notes but he followed them and they seemed to always be right.
The department will miss him. He is going private so maybe he will give us the benefit of his hunches. 
The only thing that his hunches didn't work for was the football pool. He never ever won one.....''
	    The mayor and several other people made speeches.
	    Then it was Dwayne's turn. He stood at his place at the table.
	    “No one has ever heard me make a speech and they aren't going to now.” He sat back down and 
winked at Bootsy and then finish off his pie. The applause was loud.	 After the banquet there  were
handshakes and Felice hugged him and said to Bootsy.
	    “You got a good man here, take special care of him.”
         Tears were streaming down her face. It was  a shock to Bootsy to see such a display of 
emotion from Felice. They finally headed home about nine thirty.
	      “Does Felice have a crush on you or something?”
          “No, she has been with her partner one way or the other since eighth grade. We are just good 
friends. When ever I needed back up I wanted her because she always kept her cool no matter how
messy things got.”
            “Oh.”
	  On Monday Dwayne dropped Bootsy off at the school and went to his warehouse. He was 
working on a wrecked up Ferrari he bought at a police auction in Reno. The radiator was toast and the body looked scrunched but the engine was fine. He had three choices salvage the engine and try and buy a body from somewhere. Fix the body of this one, or put the engine in something else. He hadn't decided which he would do but he had the engine out and was checking it over for damage. He was thinking of putting it in something capable of handling rougher conditions than a Ferrari. It was a pleasant dilemma. 
	He picked up Bootsy and they had lunch at the taqueria. Dwayne ordered in Spanish with a bad Anglo accent. He was obviously liked because the taco salad she ordered was extra big and his fish tacos were extra stuffed. He left a generous tips before taking her back to school. He drove into Reno to get some parts for an old 56 Chevy he was almost finished restoring. He was doing the interior amenities.  
	He got back just in time to pick up Bootsy. It was his night to cook. She was going to do some paintings with the signature of Sagebrush. Her mental debate was between wild mustangs or wild burros. 
	“What do you think?” she asked.
            “Mustangs will sell better with the horse crazy set.”
             The case was at the back of their minds.  The Beth and Cindy stories were everywhere. People even dropped by to tell Dwayne. The latest one was that Cindy accidentally backed into Beth's car at Rehab House on Wednesday. Cindy drives a light green Prius and Beth a big white SUV. After the screaming match and Beth jumping up and down in rage, the police pointed out to her only an idiot would deliberately back a Prius into the much larger SUV. He also said that the damage to the Prius was extensive but the SUV was just dinged. He took pictures because he expected more trouble. He sent Beth home first. 
	Every other Tuesday Beth and Cindy had to eat lunch at the cafe; together. The cafe got a large check every other Wednesday to pay for the mess or stress the two women caused. People managed to need to have lunch on those Tuesdays, so they could watch. It was the best show in town. Bootsy and Dwayne were among the curious and they also wondered how this all tied in with Mr. Weksler's murder and the odd will. The waitresses were increased from two to three during the lunch rush but they had a hard time covering everything.
	They had agreed at therapy to order the special this week. They would have ice tea and they could choose their own salad dressings. 
	“Two chicken fried steaks coming up,” said Molly.
	Dwayne hated chicken fried steak and Bootsy did not like it much so he had a burger and she had the seafood salad. And the waited. So did everyone else.
	“The weather is nice,” said Beth.
	“If you like one boring day after another then it is nice,” said Cindy.
	“I find beautiful sunshine nice, not exciting like a thunder storm, but nice.”
	“I like storms,” said Cindy.
	They ate in silence paid their bills and left. 
	“I guess they had to say two civil sentences to each other,” said Bootsy.
	“Katz, I think you figured it out.”
	“Thanks, Hinton.”
	“Did you go by the P.O. Box?”
	She handed him a large bundle of mail and smiled knowing that his P.I. license was in the pile
	“I guess we need business cards.”
	She pulled a box out of her purse. It was full of newly printed cards.
	“Now alls we need is a case.” 
	She smiled and said, “Haggerty of Badden, Ward, Jones, Haggerty, and Haggerty, called this morning with an 'I'll nail your cheating heart' case.”
	“Haggerty one or Haggerty two or three?”
	“Three.”
	“Katz, so when do we start?”
	“Hinton, I have a two o'clock appointment at Billy Haggerty's office. I would like the junior partner to accompany me if he's free.”
	They took the elevator to the fourteenth floor. The offices were a short walk. It was  plush. The carpet was too thick, the furniture too heavy and mahogany, the lamps too expensive, and the chandelier was over the top, at least the colors were muted. The receptionist walked out to greet them and escorted them to William J.M. Haggerty Jr.'s office.
	It was refreshingly simple. Tastefully done in in slightly oriental modern  style with nice Van Gogh prints. The prints were the boat and bridge ones with the heavily oriental influence. 
	“Hi, I'm Bill Haggerty, you must be Dwayne Hinton. And hi to you Bootsy.”
	It was a simple find out if the estranged spouse was involved with anyone. That would decrease the settlement by a million five hundred thousand to fifty thousand. The prenuptial agreement was very specific about that.
	“The only strange part is the abandoned husband is Conroy James. His third wife, Amber, also known as Nadia the Stripteasing Gymnast, is the woman you are spying on. “
	They left the office with a large file on the third wife. They kept straight, professional faces until they were in the Subaru. Then they laughed until tears rolled down their cheeks.
	“Welcome to the bread and butter part of private investigation,” said Bootsy.
	At home the reviewed the CD of her classic routine. She did uneven parallel bars, pummel horse, balance beam, finally a floor exercise loosing pieces of her costume along the way.
            “She is a pretty good gymnast, but she would never make it to the Olympics,” said Bootsy.
	“She is also talented in loosing her garments.”
	They read over the rest of her file. It had an address for a simple two bedroom house in a nice but older area of Reno. Her full name was Amber Jane Michaelson-James. The started staking out the house. Bootsy would take over the afternoon and evening shift after she  got off work. It was parent conference time so it was earlier than usual. They hired a fellow p.i. Lucky Jones, he watched the night shift 9pm to 7am. Bootsy told Dwayne that Lucky used to be a dealer and he couldn't sleep at night.
	
	Dwayne tailed her to Truckee Meadows Community College. She went to several classes and then drove back to her little house. She went to the grocery store and the hardware store on Bootsy's shift. She meet a group of classmates at a coffee shop and discussed the sociology assignment. Then she went home. Lucky took over. 
	Dwayne found out the three classes she was taking would finish off her Associate of Arts and she would be transferring to University of Nevada Reno for the summer session. He had found a way past the schools security. It was very simple.
	The only man she was alone with during the first month was her lawyer. Her doctor was female. She was very careful what she was doing and the team Katz and Hinton were sure she knew she was being watched. Conroy was trying to delay the divorce but it was not working. She would be a free woman in three more months. The team was rotating all their cars and trucks and even rented a couple of vehicles to make it a bit less obvious. 
	She had not contacted her ex-employer or any other strippers. She had not gone near that area of town either. She had sold all the jewelry that Conroy had given her in the two years they were married.  It was covering her tuition, fees, books, rent, and food. On weekends she spent a lot of time at the library or meeting up with classmates to discuss and and review. She went to one movie, sat alone and had popcorn. 
	The number of P.I.'s in Nevada is very low. Katz and  Hinton had to turn down a lot of cases because they did not have time to do them all. Some were simple and required good INTERNET skills and how to find public records. They did those while watching Amber. 
	After Lucky joined the team and they added another retired detective Raymond Gardner. They were getting $400 a day to watch Amber. It was getting boring. Soon it would be summer and Bootsy would not work at the school until fall.
	Bootsy called Bill's secretary everyday with the report. It was getting old. Just three more weeks and the final decree. Conroy did not know what agency was watching Amber until that week. He called Bootsy up and said he wanted to meet with her. She drove to his office. She was shown to his office my the receptionist.
	“You mean to tell me you have been watching her all the time.”
	“Conroy, we have her under close watch and the only man she has been alone with is her lawyer. She went to talk with one of her teachers and she brought a female friend along. She is now waving at us when she leaves for school.” 
	“Do you know how much this will cost me?”
	“Your lawyer briefed us.”
	“Are you sure, I mean really sure she has know one?”
	“Conroy, I don't have her email records or her phone tapped because it is not legal but she is not dating anyone. You were the one that made the prenuptial agreement. She probably used you but she isn't with anyone. I am sorry you have been hurt. If you want to hire someone else I understand.”
	“Bootsy, I checked you are the best. I guess it is an expensive lesson.”
	“Do you want us to finish this out?”
	“No, she won.”
	Bootsy called the others and ended the surveillance. She thought that picking someone working in a strip club was not the best wife material.
	She was enjoying the time off with Dwayne. He was called by Fish and Game. They wanted to talk about the Jaguar sighting. Dwayne invited Officer Darnell to come by the cabin the next day. He wanted to see the photographs Bootsy had taken. They enlarged them on the computer.
	“As I thought, you folks sighted a male, and now I am sure we have three individuals in the area. Two are female and one is male.”
	“How did they get here?” she asked.
	“That is what we want you to find out pro bono because there isn't enough money in the budget to properly investigate this. We use a lot of our off duty time checking this out. We think they are Argentinian but that is more from comparing pictures. We want to do more DNA but there is no budget but a couple of universities are working out a deal with us. What I hope you two will do is find out how they got here.”
	Bootsy assigned Lucky and Ray look for missing heirs and hunt down run away daughters, most had good reasons to run away.
             Dwayne dropped by the police station. He kidded around with Felice. He talked with the chief about the Weksler case. He had coffee with Bill Burke. 
	“Bill, I think we have a case that might tie in with Weksler. He had a lot of money leave his accounts about a month or so before the murder. Did you find out where it went.”
	“No, it was turned to cash and we then lost the trail.”
	“We are trying to find out how three Argentinian Jaguars ended up in Nevada. We eliminated walking.”
	“You think Weksler was involved?”
	“Could be, he had lots of money, he spent money to help large cats escape extinction. He had numerous books about them. Could the money have gone to animal smugglers?”
	“That is interesting, that is the only possible lead I have gotten since you retired. I checked out every lefty in town except those in the nursing home or kids at the Sierra Vista School. I checked out the FBI data base thinking it might be an outsider. The only thing I found out was that who ever did it either was lucky or he knew the exact spot to kill as quickly as possible. I have even checked out left handed women. I was about to check out ambidextrous people next. It has been tedious.”
	Bootsy had not painted much during the surveillance of Amber the ex-stripper. Fortunately she had a large number of paintings stored in the attic. She decided to paint a jaguar with a local background and see if Sagebrush could stir up a little excitement. It took four tries before she got something good enough for the gallery. She cut out a small section of one of the rejects but burned the rest as kindling. She told Tom the title was “Yaguarte'.” She saw a subtle tenseness fleet through Toms body. She let Dwayne know about Tom's reaction.
	Dwayne was checking out the smuggling of large cats. He wondered how much it would have cost to get them into this country and then to Nevada. Where would the have kept them until the time of release? Three full grown jaguars would have been very expensive. 
	Dwayne found that Weksler bought a large truck about three months before he died. It was from Arizona. He never registered it in Nevada. It was never insured either. It had disappeared. Weksler was so orderly it did not fit he bought a truck and did not insure it. It was sold to him by a private party, Ernesto Rios.
	They decided to drive down to Arizona in the heat of summer to check this out and meet Sr Rios. They had become a bit more prestigious by renting office space in Reno and hiring a receptionist, Daphne, from Rehab House. They also could see the Weksler sisters more often. Bootsy said it was morbid curiosity but Dwayne said it was civic minded.
	“Katz, these women need honest jobs.”
	“That's true but it gave you an excuse to talk with prissy pants herself.”
	“That isn't exactly kind.”
	“Was she reasonable?”
	“Business like.
	“What was sister dearest doing?”
	“ She was helping two of the clients paint the entrance way. She was all giggles.”
	The ride down was a lot of rock; brown rock, gray rock, dark gray rock, blue gray rock and then for a change rust red rock. They stopped for gas in Parump and got a quick bite at the drive in. Then when they cleared the cotton growing area they watched more rock pass them by. 
	The pulled to a trucking company. The hurried from the Outback to the office before they got fried. 
	“Ah, Sr. Weksler and Dr. Abe bought a truck like every year. The ask me to find them a nice one  if I don't have any of mine for sale,” said Ernesto.
	“Every year?” they asked in unison.
	“Si, they fill it up with nice things like clothes for ninos and then they take it to an orphanage. The Poker Club leaves the truck and everything in it for the orphanage.”
	“They actually called themselves the Poker Club?” said Dwayne.
	“Si, they said they play poker with the money before they give it to the orphans.”
	“Was this year any different than previous years?” she asked.
	“About two weeks earlier than usual. It is so sad such a nice man dead. Killed.”
	When they got home Dwayne had lunch with Bill Burke.  Then they drove over to talk to Abe about the truck.
	“Guys, I did not think it was relevant. We do it every year. Brad said he was sick so he stayed home and he died. Herb had his van so we could come back in it. The van was full too. We drove round the clock as usual. And we had insurance. I did that this year temporary for here and Mexican until we dropped it off.  It was just easier to get the truck earlier. Also it does take about four days. We leave Thursday morning before sun up and get back very early on Monday morning”	
	After they left Abe's office Dwayne was wondering how they could have a better alibi than all of them going to Mexico. They knew than had been together doing charity work at an orphanage he had thought it was one outside of Sparks. Weird the names were  the same, Our Lady of Guadalupe Orphanage.  
	“Katz, the whole Poker Club was in Mexico when Weksler was killed.”
	“Is that certain. Could one of them stayed behind?”
	“Burke is checking it out.”
	“How did they get such a Mexican Catholic name for the orphanage, Abe isn't exactly Catholic?”
	“I better check that out, Katz.”
	Bootsy wondered if the truck had transported the cats from Arizona to Sierra View. Where was the truck now? Could they find traces of jaguar fur in it? Did they keep the animals for any time before releasing them. How much help did Weksler have if he was the one doing the cats?
	The wild jaguars made the Reno paper. That got national attention. The Department of Fish and Game said they were protected under endangered species laws. They did not mention that they thought they were originally from Argentina. The jaguar experts started weighing in with theories from migration to escaping from private zoos. Money was being raised to compensate ranchers for loses. They combined with the Arizona group because that was easier than starting another non-profit. The governor said they were not naturally occurring and need to be trapped. That got the animal rights people screaming. The letters to the editor were eight too one about jaguars. The local tribes said they were sacred. Dwayne thought it was more to keep them wild than religious feelings. Dwayne and Bootsy were glad that no mention of their names anywhere.
	It was The Tuesday and Dwayne escorted Bootsy to the booth at the cafe. It was only 11:30 and the place was filling up. Molly came by for their orders. She said that Hazel had called and said Beth was parked by the Methodist church and heading this way but no one had seen Cindy yet.
	Beth sat down in her usual reserved seat and bowed her head. Cindy breezed in after parking a new motorcycle in front. She was in hot pink leathers. She plopped  on to the vinyl seat and laughed. 
	“That was exhilarating!”
	“Aren't you afraid?”
	“Life's a bitch, then you die, so grab the good stuff.”
	“Carpe dium.”
	“Yup.”
	Beth half smiled for a second and then went quiet. They talked weather and the new bridge over Ferguson's Wash. They ate and paid.
	After they left every one noted how civil they had been. They openly speculated that Conroy had threatened them. Others said the therapist was responsible for the improvement. And another said it was Cindy's anger management class. Bootsy said nothing but thought working at Rehab House had put things into perspective. 
	Dwayne said, “I think Beth had a brief moment of true concern for her sister.”
            “Could be a combination,” she said in Dwayne's ear.
	“I sure wish they would get to the bottom of the feud, it's good for business but hard on emotions.  The tips are great on Bitch Tuesdays. Do you want some pie? The sweet potato is heavenly,”
said Molly.
	Molly was right about the pie and Dwayne had a second piece. It felt like a storm was brewing.  Dwayne dropped Bootsy at the Gallery while he put the finish touches on the classic Chevy. The  jaguar painting had sold for $775. Tom wanted another Sagebrush painting to sell. He got a call on his work phone and excused him self. He was both coroner and medical examiner. That save the county a lot of money and gave him a fat paycheck. 
	Bootsy handled the phone and called several painters she knew trying to get them to place a painting. They still had not found a sculptor. The gallery was open so she chatted with the visitors. She sold a beaded necklace, all hand made beads. She kept wondering if Weksler had actually illegally bought live jaguars and let them go. Had that gotten him murdered?
	The rain started with those big super drops that just splat on the ground. The temperature had dropped about ten degrees in five minutes. The distant thunder was growling and the wind was pushing tumble weeds through town. They were such a pest. They were dry and scratchy to touch and got caught under cars and in fences. She started to sweep up and get ready to close. There would be no more visitors today. Maybe Dwayne would pick her up early. 
	He drove up in the restored aqua and white 56 Chevy. It was gleaming even in the  muddy rain.
The drops that were coming down now were dust free. So they were washing off the splattered cars.
She turned off the lights, locked the door and was inside the car barely getting wet.
	“It's beautiful, are you really going to sell it?”
	“Yup, I have two more in the warehouse.”
	They headed home and Bootsy had a sly grin all over her face.
	“So what is that grin about?”
	“I was being good in high school so I was deprived of doing it in the backseat of a 56 Chevy.”
	“If you don't mind I would like to eat dinner first before I remedy this horrendous lack.”
	“Not at all.”

	 Bill Burke called Dwayne Saturday morning. He wanted to discuss some interesting papers he had found so he was coming out to the cabin. Bootsy was down by the shore painting background on a
Sagebrush painting.  She put it away and met Burke in front of the cabin.
	“Does the chief know you're here?” asked Bootsy.
	“He suggested we work together. You working for Fish and Game and all.”
	Dwayne stepped out on the porch and invited Burke in.
	They looked at a copy of a letter hidden at Weksler's house. The translation was a threat and a demand for an extra $500,000 for a fifth jaguar. It had been mailed from Nogales, Mexico. 
	“Okay, extra money for a fifth jaguar. That means he contracted for four and maybe we can assume he paid two million. Gee what an assumption. How does a person who seems so ordinary get that kind of money to buy jaguars?” asked Dwayne.
	“That might explain a motive,” said Bootsy but she did not really believe it. The police were going to use it. They had to find something, this would do. She never felt greed. It wasn't about money. 
	“The Chief thought this tired both cases together,” said Burke.
	“Okay, did he just have two million in cash in his mattress or what?” 
	“We have the FBI trying to get the address on the letter. It was blacked by a Sharpie.”
	After the Burke left. Bootsy was sitting on the porch just thinking. 
	
	“Beth, you miscarried again. Your uterus is so badly damaged you should consider adoption,” said Dr. Gordon.
	“Can it be fixed... surgically?”
	“Probably not.”	
            Beth drove home fighting the deluge. She parked and it hit. She had a hard time getting the key into the brass lock on the designer front door. She went to her bed and cried. The pillow was soggy before she stopped. 
	She went to the bathroom and washed up and refused to deal with her anger. She stuffed  it again. She looked awful. Her hair was tangled and damp. She put a cold, wet, pink, thick, and fluffy wash cloth on her eyes. She had one condolence, David was out of town. She would be talking to him tonight about ten. He was in Hawaii on business. He had to finish up work before he could call her. She walked deliberately to the kitchen and poured some herbal ice tea. She thought about avoiding dehydration.
	“God, why haven't you fixed it? I am sorry for sounding angry; forgive me, forgive me, please forgive me, please, please forgive me, in Jesus Name.” 
	She start to clean the crisper. The lined the contents up on the counter; salad fixings to the far left, the items that could sometimes be used in salads, then vegetables, and at last fruits. The she washed the drawer with an antibacterial soap and rinsed four times. Before returning the crisper drawer she cleaned the area below and around where it sits. She removed any wilted leaves on the produce and put them back. Perfect!
	She grabbed the long handled duster and dusted and dewebbed all the corners of the ceiling all over the house and dusted all the ceiling light fixtures and the tall lamps. Then she took her dust rag and short handled duster and did the entire house including the pictures in the halls. After that she vacuumed the entire house using the crevice tool in corners and under things. She even did the drapes. Then she ran a half a load of laundry and mopped the kitchen and entryway.
	She had a nice praise CD playing and she stopped for dinner. She had a large salad with shrimp and crab before cleaning the two and a half baths. She swept the patio and the porch. She then went to get the mail. She opened the bills and immediately wrote the checks and stamped the envelopes. It was only eight o'clock. She grabbed her prayer list and started praying. That was finished in twenty minutes. Now what, of shower and washed her hair. She had ten minutes until Dave called so she cleaned out the drawer in her night stand. She threw out a used Emory board.
	Mercifully the phone rang. David was sad about the miscarriage but he had expected it. She always had them two and a half months into a pregnancy 
	“The doctor suggested we adopt.”
	“I agree. When I get home we will work on it.”
	“Okay,” she said weakly.


            Cindy was working the phone bank. She hated this task but she understood it was important to motivate busy people to show up at the city council meeting. After all the meetings were super boring. The after school program was on the chopping block. Budget cuts were always backwards; up the police budget and cut services to the people on the edge. Sure some would never turn to crime but some needed help building skills to avoid that. 
	It was Thursday and she wanted meat. But they had promised to eat meat on weekends and holidays. She was dreaming of a steak. She nuked some homemade mushroom soup. She started calling “ch through f” grabbing a swallow between calls. She left a lot of answering machine messages.
            She finished early she might actually beat Stan home. He taught a citizen activist ecology class at the Senior Center. It was open to anyone over 17. She put on her helmet on, got on her motorcycle and headed home. She waved at Harry he was closing up the Health-Orama Organic Foods.
	At home she checked the worms. She added some coffee grounds. Stan had forgotten, no matter. Then she rinsed the sprouts, watered the herbs on the window sill. The she let Tasha the lop out of her cage to run around the kitchen. The vegetarian chili was in the small crock pot was done. Stan would be home soon. She got the grass fed butter out of the refrigerator and grated some cheese to top the chili. The baguette she purchases on the way home sat on the cutting board with the bread knife. 
She put a jazz CD one and relaxed until Stan got home. Tasha pulled on her shoe lace asking to be cuddled. Cindy picked up the rabbit with coloring of a Siamese cat and stroked her the way she liked.
	She put the rabbit back and went outside to face the rising Moon. She chanted as it rose and repeated a spell for fertility. She held her pentacle in her right hand. Then she quietly returned to the kitchen and waited for he husband to come home.
   
	Beth arrived at Rehab House a bit late and stood at the family room door.
	“Tonya, no matter what you believe about abortion it is a trauma. Obviously it is a trauma for the fetus, an ultimate one. But it is not something to be done lightly because there are long term consequences,” said Cindy.
	“Like what?” retorted Tonya.
	“It can cause the uterus to become incontinent. That means it miscarrying future pregnancies. Another is realizing that you may have made a mistake, guilt. It is very common and leads to finding ways to numb the emotional pain, drugs, booze  It is a hormonal shock to your body. So no matter what you believe you will be traumatized by an invasive procedure. It is unpleasant to say the least. The person who performs it gets traumatized too. They are taking a life  and they may not know it for years. And then maybe the father cares and maybe your parents care.”
	“A you one of the pro-lifers?”
	“Not exactly, I believe in some cases an abortion is the smallest trauma in a horrendous situation. Like to save the mother's life. If the woman or girl was not consenting to the sex act. And I can't tell any one what they should do if the baby is doomed anyway. Just think about all the possibilities Tonya.”
	“I'll think Cindy.... I will think....”
	Beth stepped back and went to the bathroom. She took a good ten minutes composing her self. It was not what she had expected her sister to say. She was so damn liberal. She was pro everything but  she got Tonya to really think. It was scary but it was probably better than saying “ Tonya, you will go to Hell if you do it.” That isn't true anyway …..God forgives..... God forgives.

	“Bootsy, Burke just called the return address on the threat was the Nogales police department.”
	“I hope it is a sick joke.”
	“Most likely.”
	Bootsy was typing up the report to Bill Haggerty on a complicated back round check. The woman had several traffic tickets and was arrested and released at an anti-nuke protest. She moved a lot but kept improving her situation. No black marks.
	“Does Bill Burke think it had to do with the jaguars?” asked Bootsy.
	“That is what they all think at the station.”
	“It's a red herring.”
	“Yup.”
	Neither  of them wanted to go to Mexico to investigate. The truck had been sold by the orphanage. Dwayne's passable Spanish got that confirmed. He did not believe the orphanage staff was into animal smuggling. They said they would call when the found out what the buyer was using it for. Dwayne sent them a nice donation. He figured that would motivate them a bit more.
	It did not take long. Paco called from the American side of the border.
	“Si, he is using it to carry fruits north and frozen chicken south.”
            “How did you find out?”
	“I asked him when we both buying chicken. He said it was a bueno tucke.”
	“Gracias” said Dwayne and he mailed off another donation.
	They traveled the long boring route to Nogales,  Arizona and staked out the restaurant supply store where Paco gets  chicken for the children. Three days later the truck pulls into the store and the driver leaves the back open while he went in to buy chicken. He had large tubs with dry ice. Bootsy took out tweezers and picked some scraggly hairs in the chain that raised an lowered the door. Dwayne hopped in and got some samples. He then hopped out and they headed back to Nevada.
	The sent the samples to be analyzed. The hoped they had the evidence necessary to satisfy fish and game. They still did not believe that the cats were the motivation for Weksler's murder. 	
	It was that Tuesday again and the cafe was packed. The sister's arrived in Beth's SUV. That got a real buzz going. They ordered and discussed the local news civilly. It was almost disappointing in a perverse way. 
	“They seem to be getting along pretty well for two opposites,” said Molly. “That'll it be?”
	“I'll have the seafood salad with ranch not the usual Louie dressing.”
	Dwayne had a steak. His cholesterol was so low it made Doc Francene envious.
	Fish and Game called Dwayne's cell phone while he was wolfing down his second strawberry shortcake.
	“Uh hu, thanks. I guess we are off the case now.... Right... Good bye.”
	“I believe that means the fur was not alley cat.”
	“One hundred per cent jaguar,” he smiled. “Case closed, Katz.”
	“Good job. Hinton.”
	“I'll call Burke.”
	“Are they going to say that was what it was all about?”
	“Probably.”
	Neither of them felt the case was closed. They went about their regular daily routines but each had a spinning mind looking for the key to Weksler's death.
	The sisters were in Conroy's office. They were given cashier's checks for one million dollars each. Armed security guards where to escort them to their banks.
	“Isn't this an unusual way for us to get the money?” asked Cindy.
	Beth nodded in agreement.
	“Yes, but it was part of your father's instructions. You both get two weeks off from volunteering and counsellings. On Monday the third you are to start working at Our Lady of Guadalupe Orphanage in Sparks. It will be the same schedule as before.”
	Cindy kissed her husband goodbye and headed for Sparks to the Our Lady of Guadalupe Orphanage. The website said they specialized in hard to place children and adolescents. They had a simple picture of the grounds and of the chapel. They showed no pictures of any children. It was a ways out of town.  The grounds were fences with a high wall. The gate had a guard or greeter who waved Cindy through.  She saw a group of children, about eight, all blind walking behind a nun. She had a little clicker in her hand for them to listen to. It was a beautiful day. The sun was not overly hot. She stopped to watch. The nun lead them out into the middle of a large lawn and they sat in a circle. She started playing a guitar and they clapped and sang. Cindy reluctantly continued to the administration building and parked under a feathery tamarisk tree. She could see the great white whale parked under another tree. It was not charitable to call Beth's car that but it was a gas guzzler.
	A girl, at the cusp of puberty was lurching along pushing a wheel chair with a small quadriplegic girl in it. They were laughing. The one pushing had CP and was missing a majority of her fingers. The one in the wheel chair was not a preschooler but she was the size of one. She had beautiful red curly hair, bright blue eyes and dimples. The other girl had long straight black hair and a dark olive complexion. 
	Cindy followed the signs into the office. It was painted a light green and there were framed paintings all over the walls. They had been painted by the students. The small ones had price tags of $10 and the middle size ones were $15 and the big ones were $20. She sat in a chair across from Beth who seemed more troubled than usual. 
	Beth was in pink slacks and a flowered blouse with pink flowers. He hair was pulled back in a pony tail. She was wearing LA Gear shoes. She sat in the chair and seemed very small. Cindy was in nice Levis and a French cut Tee shirt. 
	“Hi, are you okay?” Cindy asked.
	“Ah, not really. This was not what I expected.”
	“That is for sure.”
	“I saw a boy almost six feet tall. He was in diapers and one eye was just blank white. He walked like a toddler. I went into that room over there by accident,” said Beth.
	An old women, a very old women came out to greet them. She wore a gray and white checked dress that had seen a hundred too many washes. Her hair was in a bun that sat above a bald spot. Her face was like a smashed windshield with lines radiating from her dark sparkling eyes. 
	“Hello, I am Mary, you must be Beth and Cindy” She gave Beth a hug and murmured something soft in her ear.  She hugged Cindy next and welcomed her warmly. “ Please come to my little office.”
	The office was Spartan. The desk looked like it was made before World War I and the desk chair was all wood. The waste basket was olive drab as were the files. The other seating were two picnic table benches with some crudely done upholstery in mattress ticking. 
	On the wall behind her was a crucifix.  It was bit small for the wall which was not large. On the wall away from the window there was a sign.
                         IF I LOVE I DON'T HAVE TO UNDERSTAND.
                         IF I LOVE MY HEART WILL GAIN WISDOM.
	             IF I GIVE LOVE I WALK THE ROAD OF HAPINESS.
	Below the sign was a framed painting of a child in a wheelchair. It was titled Abbey's Last Self Portrait.
	“Aaa-aa Mary, the website said you place hard to adopt children. Well  aa  a.”
	“Cindy dear, that is one of our functions. We place about twenty children each year with special families. But, not every child can be placed so we love them and nurture them. If they can venture beyond these walls we miss them but our joy is full.”
	“What makes a family so special?” asked Cindy.
	“They want to do it even when they know how very hard it will be. We don't want people with martyr complexes or rosy eyed romantics both are useless. Let's take a tour of the place.”
	The walked by the room that Beth accidentally entered. She shuddered.
	“The door was supposed to be locked. Most of the staff can't handle that wing. Down here is the blind school  and wing. Sister Sweet, as we call her, is in charge of this wing. She sends many of them to public school. She places several children a year in families. She usually place them with couples with one parent visually impaired that is p.c. I guess. 
	The next area is for the deaf and additional challenges group. We have little trouble placing the few simply deaf children we get. We have another wing for various other challenges. Do either of you know ASL?”
	They both shook their heads.
	“Okay that is where we will start.”

	“I got one,” said Bootsy. The trout leaped out of the water but it could not shake the hook.
	“Not fair, you now have four nice ones and I have one small one.”
	“Does it matter who catches breakfast?”
	“No, not really,” he said faking a pout.
	She kissed him. He picked her and the creel up and yelled “Me Tarzan.” He gave her a chance to grab the rods and then he carried her back to the cabin. She was laughing and pretending to resist. Winston started barking. He did not know what to make of it.
	“I'm fine boy, we are playing.”
	His tail started wagging hearing her reassuring voice, but the raven dived bombed Dwayne and pecked his head.
	“Ouch!”
`	He put her down and they both were laughing tears were rolling down their cheeks.
	In side he gutted and she was frying bacon for the drippings and to go with the trout. She had them in the pan and breakfast was one the table within minutes. Winston hated fish so he left through the dog door. 
	As they were clearing the dishes Dwayne's cell phone rang.
	“Thanks Burke, I tell my wife.”
	“What did he say?”
	“They are saying it was the animal smugglers and they turned it over to the Feds. The mayor is happy and the chief is happy. But I am not satisfied.”
	“Me either, when did Conroy draw up the will?”
	“Five and a half weeks before you found him.”
	“He knew didn't he?”
	“I think so?”
	“So who helped him commit suicide and why?” she asked.
	“The Poker Club.”
	“Probably, but who used the knife? And with proper care he could have had six or eight reasonable months, so why? And they all were in Mexico when he was killed,” she said.
	
	Abe and his wife pulled into their condo in Reno. They spent Friday afternoon until Sunday morning in Reno almost every week. Lucky was watching what they did. After dinner they walked a couple of blocks to Reno's Conservative Synagogue. Abe was in a black suit with a matching black kippah. Stella was in a modest lavender dress. They walked home after services. Abe walked to the Torah service in the morning. After sundown Saturday night they went to a movie and they left in the morning and returned to Sierra View. 
	Lucky drove over to the dental school Monday morning. He was pretending to be a reporter. He asked a lot of questions about the school. The main building was eight stories of gleaming white and dark tinted glass. It said the Abraham Berg Building. There was a plaque with Abe's picture on it was on the wall of the main entrance. He asked about it.
	“We call it the Ice Berg,” said a pretty young coed. She was actually a student in the dental program. “Abe Berg is a legend. He is always taking groups of dentists to far out places to fix teeth. I hope I can go someday. Last summer they went to Micronesia. It is an every other summer thing.”
	After Lucky called Bootsy she decided she better check out Happy Lang. Her church had a food program. She decided to see what the store did with groceries that were not able to be sold but were still just fine.
	She  dressed in her more conservative work clothes and showed up early Monday morning. She entered the store at opening and asked to see the manager. 
	Happy bounced out of the office like a hyper beach ball. He was portly and only an inch taller than Bootsy. His very short buzz cut around the fringes added to the impression. His shirt was red and white striped just like the checkers. 
	He came out and when she was shaking his hand he used both his huge hands to engulf hers. It was warm, friendly, and not intimidating.  
	“Bootsy, I will donate cases of tomato sauce, canned corn, and toilet paper but the unsaleable stuff goes to an orphanage in Sparks. You might check with the bakery they might have some goodies they could donate.”
	“Thank you very much, Mr. Lang.”
	“I am Happy to every one. That's why it is the Happy Shopper Market.”
	“Okay, thank you, Happy.”
	As she went over to the school to attend the before school opens staff meeting she decided Happy was not the one with the knife. He was right handed, too short, and definitely too fat to reach across the teacher's room table and slit Mr. Weksler's throat.
	Two of the Poker Club were lefties. She had to find a way to check out Philip Cutter was retired what was his job before retiring. Bootsy asked Dwayne.
	“Mailman for twenty-nine years, military before that.”
	“Thanks, Hinton.”
	“You're welcome, Katz.”
	She figured Molly would get suspicious if she asked her anything about Lang or Cutter. Cutter  had graduated from Galena High School so he was a Grizzly. He was a decorated Vietnam vet. She was not sure what he did between high school and the army.  It was three years that were unaccounted for. She checked out his parents and his mother came from money. It was old money in Nevada terms it went back to the silver mining days. His father was not poor, his family had been in trucking. He was an only child and he had inherited a lot of money when his parents passed away. 
	He was married to Arthita Moreland-Cutter. She had taught at Sierra Vista School for over twenty years and retired when her husband did. The traveled a lot. She was on the Altar Guild at Weksler's church. She checked out his wife. She was surprised she was African-American. Small town Nevada was not where she expected a mixed marriage like that. She laughed at her surprise. She needed to find a way to meet Philip Cutter. They did not have any activities in common. She was perplexed. The others were easy. 
	She decided to check out Dr. Herb Clay. He had an office in town and one in Reno. She could go to him with some need for counsellings if necessary. That was not her plan A or even plan B. He was trained in San Diego and a Aztec Alum. He would attend a couple of home games every fall. He had been on the 1969 team. He was cut in 1970. He was back on in 1971 and  1972. H e was not officially red shirted. He had a year left of legibility so he played while in grad school. He was mostly a bench warmer. He was a back up receiver. He was okay not spectacular.  He had run track, the four forty mainly. He was into student politics.
	Herb was on the city council so he was in the papers.  She knew  he was left handed because he held his pen in his left hand in one of the photographs. He still jogged every morning; rain, shine, or snow. He was divorced. He had three grown children that had scattered after high school. He traveled  to professional conferences several times a year. The rumor was that he and Edna Cotton were evolved. She was on the city council too. 
	The school had been lobbying for a traffic light at Elm Avenue and Main Boulevard. The city founders had a sense of humor with street names. They had a couple of odd numbered streets like East and West One Half and East and West South Street. The oddest was Not Central Circle which was a circular drive around the outskirts of town. The rumor was they were a little drunk when they did it.
	She decided to speak at the open mike part of the the next council meeting. She talked with PTA Vice President Glorianna Coppersmith and with the principal to get some good points to make about the proposed traffic light. It would be the town's first one.
	She dressed for the meeting and kissed Dwayne goodbye. She did it more to bug  him than any other reason.
	“Aren't you going to wish me luck?” she asked.
	“I hope you don't die of boredom. Luck would be staying awake until you get to speak. You have my condolences.”
	She threw a throw pillow that was placed on the couch and got out the door before he could peg her back. 
	He was right about the boredom factor. The traffic light was sixth of eight issues that had public input. Herb tried to seem interested in each and every speaker. She knew he was faking it but he was good. He was very good at looking interested. Edna yawned more than once and the Mayor was a bit fidgety. Finally after two hours of hell, Bootsy made a short speech in favor of the traffic light. Several people spoke against it because the lights were too citified as Rudyard Pugh said. She grabbed a drive through coffee and drove home. Dwayne had fallen asleep in his chair. She kissed him and that woke him up with a smile. She wondered if he had been faking the sleep. No matter.
	The City Council of Sierra View copped out and decided to put the traffic light controversy on the ballot. It was better than debating it for weeks on end. But back to Herb Clay. She decided he was smart and politically savey because he was the one that suggested the matter be put to the good citizens of Sierra View to decide as he put it. He was very lean and athletic even at his age. He was tall enough to reach across a table and he was left handed. He did not seem like a murderer. He didn't seem like he would do bodily harm to anyone unless it was self defense. 
	Philip Cutter was the last one to check out. So far none of the others had a brooding hatred or an aura of greed about them. 
	“Dwayne can I ask you two questions?”
	“Shoot.”
	“How can I run into Philip Cutter?”
	“I am not sure let me think about it. In a small town you are bound to cross paths somewhere. What's the other question?”
	“Why did the rodeo announcer call you Devil Rider?”
	“Cause back in high school I was a little drunk and climbed Bradey's fence and hopped on Devil's back. I hung on until Bradey came running out to see what the noise was about. He was amazed because no one had ever stayed on that mustang for more than thirty seconds. I did not know how to hop off so I stayed on until the horse was too tired to fight. I guess I broke his will because after that he let Bradey ride him.”
	“Oh.”
	School had started. Dwayne drove Bootsy to work and headed to his garage/warehouse to put the Ferrari motor in a beat up Ferrari body he found on Craigs List. He had been pounding the dents out by hand. He had smoothed it all over and it was primed. He had sent the seat to be redone in fine leather. The guy had a shop in Elko of all places. It was a pleasure slipping the engine into the body.
He spent the day connecting hoses and wires and tinkering. The alarm went off. He jumped. It was time to clean up and go get Bootsy. He had worked straight through lunch. He remembered when his stomach made an audible complaint.
	“Let's go to the Cafe for an early dinner because I worked through lunch.”
	“Sure,” she said.
	Molly came by to take there orders. She was troubled. It was obvious. She hesitated then she said, “I have some information to tell you, umm, in private.” and in a louder voice, “What'll you have?”
	“Shrimp salad with ranch and a cup of Florence's special chicken soup.”
	“I'll have prime rib, baked potato with everything. No, make that two baked potatoes with everything and a bowl of the soup.” Then softly he said, “When are you off?”
	“Seven.”
	“We will meet you in the parking lot of Happy Shopper Market by the elms.”
	She nodded and turned in the order. Will, the night cook was on. He was all business. He never bantered with the staff or the customers.
	Bootsy looked a bit puzzled but dug into the rich soup. It would gel if the temperature was lower. The carrots were cooked but not mushy, the celery was translucent and delicious. The noodles were broad egg ones and they where almost al dente. Floating around were pieces of bell peppers shaped like stars. There were green, yellow, orange, red, and burgundy stars. The stars were partially cooked and thrown in as a garnish.
	“Any ideas what we can do until seven?” asked Dwayne. 
	“Let's go to Tractors, Tractors, Tractors ETC.”
	The store was a combination of farms supply, home improvement, nursery, and housewares. They even had some clothes, more than work clothes and boots. It was a place two people could kill a couple of hours without getting bored. They got out under a hundred dollars which was very good. The sales were extremely good. Bootsy got some new jeans and Dwayne got some coveralls. The got some seed for the planter boxes and Winston's favorite dog food, the forty pound sack.
	The took the scenic route to the grocery store. Dwayne pulled into the parking lot. He saw Molly with the hood up on her fourteen year old white Toyota.
	“What's wrong?”
	“Oh, hi Dwayne and Bootsy. It is making a funny twangy noise.”
	Dwayne looked under the hood and pretended to tinker.
	“Yesterday, Dodohead, my ex, came by for money. So what's new. He told me the weekend Mr. Weksler was killed he saw some one hop into a white van out by Lump Springs. He was sleeping in his truck. It was real late or real early depending as he put it. I asked if he would tell the cops. 
	“Hell no, they'll bust me,” he said.
	“Then he got thirty dollars out of me to make him go away. Didn't even ask about Franky, said he was getting a job at the oil fields near Bakersfield. That means he is heading to Texas or Oklahoma.”
	“Thank's,” said Dwayne softly, then with volume “You are over a quart low. I'll put some in.”
	She headed home and Bootsy and Dwayne bought some ice cream and berries and headed home. They did not talk much. They were thinking. Was it Herbs van? Did the whole Poker Club conspire to kill Mr. Weksler? Why wasn't there evidence of a stuggle?
	“Dwayne, I know this will blow the rational part of your brain sky high. But when I am at a crime scene I usually feel the motive like lust, vengence, or greed. I felt none of that. It was peaceful, serene. Blood all over but it felt peaceful.”
	“I know what you mean. That is why I can't get a handle on it.”
	“You understand?”
	“Sure Babe, I feel those emotions at crime scenes. I call the hunches because the chief would have had me locked up if I explained.”
	“It took Arnie five years before he believed me.”
	“I was afraid to tell you because I thought you wouldn't believe me.  Katz, we are meant for each other.”
	“I hope that goes beyond business.”
	“It does, let's stop before this gets mushy.”
	“Gotcha Hinton.”
	“Herb and Lang are right handed. The rest are all lefties.”


	Stan and Cindy pulled into the back parking lot of Northern Nevada Adoptions. The day was hot.The parking lot was radiating heat and a mini-mirage was at the end of the parking area. The sky was blank blue. Not a bird was visible. The ants were underground. The trees looked sad. Stan took Cindy's hand they had an appointment with Joyce Cush. They had forewarded the medical records, income records and all the other information. The walked into the lobby and entered the office to the right. It was a shock to hit the cool air. Several humidifiers were discretely located behind potted palms. The were greeted my a dumping middle aged woman with half glasses and messy hair. The pushed a button and let Ms Cush her two o'clock appointment had arrived.
	Ms Cush was a very tall woman. Her face seemed like a bunch of plains hammered together maybe like a cubist painting. She wasn't ugly but she took a little getting used to. Her left brow was a good quarter inch higher than the right. Her hair was very short and blonde. She wore a light blue pant suit. It was an odd choice, black slacks and a tailored blouse would have made a better impression. 
	“Please sit down, I know I am called the Grand Inquisitor behind my back but I really don't bite. Well not very hard.”
	That actually put them at ease.
	“I have reviewed your paperwork. It is well documented. The background checks came back clean. But what about the religion issue. You never mentioned the Jewish-Catholic divide and how you will handle it.”
	David spoke first.
	“My mother was Reform and my father was culturally Jewish but not at all observent. I was never bar mitzvahed. I don't know Hebrew and I have no preferences, I am a Humanist. We have a Christmas tree and lights on the house.”
	“I am not affiliated with any church. My parents got divorced around confirmation time and I was releaved I could skip it. I go to church for weddings and funerals. If we both suddenly get religion boys would follow David and girls me. It isn't an issue and I doubt it ever will be.”
	“Have you considered seeking an egg doner?”
	“Yes we have but we think adoption is a more responsible way. As we said it does not have to be a new born.”
	“Well everything looks fine. You folks probablly think we want to check under finger nails too. Other than the maditory home visit it looks fine. That means in a year or so we may have a child ready for you to adopt. It is unfair to put you ahead of people already waiting. Now that wasn't as bad as you expected was it?”
	As they walked out of the building Beth and David Smith pulled into the parking lot in their white SUV.  The sister's eyes met for a second. Then  Cindy got into the Prius and she and Stan left. David had not noticed and either did Stan. Cindy actual felt sad for Beth. She wondered if Beth felt anything towards her. 
	
	It was Saturday afternoon, Bootsy and Dwayne were out on the lake in the row boat.The weather had turned colder. The afternoons were still warm but soon frost would appear in the mornings. The aspens had gone from green to gold in a week. The black bear that lived in the area was gorging on anything he could find. Dwayne was pulling on the oars slowly They hoped to get some pictures of deer. Bootsy never hunted near her property. Dwayne had seen the wisdom of that rule. They already had two in the freezer they had been up around Waller and bagged a two pronged buck and another young one. They were after meat not trophies. 
	Bootsy had the telephoto lense on and she spotted a doe, two of last spring's fawns and a buck in hot pursuit of the doe. She got a whole series of pictures. 
	Then the started back to the beach by the cabin. 
	“You better not paint those last few shots you'll be arrested for peddling smut.”
	“Oh, are you suddenly the vice squad?”
	As they chuckled, they saw a dust cloud heading up their driveway. The car was a blue sedan. One like thousands of others, nothing distinctive. The driver did not know how to drive dirt roads and was going way too fast. 
	Dwayne put some muscle into the rowing and the little boat leaped towards the shore. He pushed it more ashore using the oar as a pole in the shallow water. Bootsy jumped the little space between the bow and the beach. She was holding the rope that was attached to the bow with a metal ring. She wrapped it around the stump and tied it up. Dwayne hopped out but landed in a muddy spot.
	“Thanks for the mudbath,” she said.
	“Sorry,” he said without meaning it.
	The dust covered car pulled up and stopped. A woman got out. She was in a blue suit and navy pumps. She opened the back door and grabbed a brief case. She was walking towards the porch not seeing Bootsy and Dwayne approach. 
	“Hello,” said Bootsy.
	The women was startled.
	“Hello, I am here to see Mr. Dwayne Hinton about the Weksler death.”
	“I am Dwayne, who are you with?”
	“Meyerson Insurance, I need to clear up a few loose ends before we can close out the case.”
	She pulled out her I.D. and credentials. She was an investigator. 
	“Lets go inside,” sugested Bootsy.
	Inside Dwayne pointed to the couch. He sat on the Lazy Boy and Bootsy sat on one of the benches for the table. 
	“I need to know what you learned about Mr. Weksler;s death.”
	“You read my repoort I guess. There isn't much to add. The chief turned the case over to the Feds because he thinks it has something to do with smuggling Jaguars.”
	“You don't seem convinced.” said the uncomfortable woman. She was obviously dressed for Reno not a lake side cabin.
	“I am not totally satisfied. But the jaguar angle is the only one has come up with. I am glad I retired and let Bill Burke deal with it.”
	“Mr. Hinton, are you sure it was not suicide.”
	“No one can slit their own throat and then dispose of the knife.”
	“But he was dieing of cancer and he could not use pain killers. So are you really sure.”
	“I told you he didn't slit his own throat. Why are you even questioning it?”
	“It is my job and there is a very large amount of money envolved.”
	She said good bye and drove off in a cloud of dust and a tail wind. She was still driving too fast on the dirt. She missed a bend and ended up in some brush. She backed out and then slowed up.
	“She is not going to make the rental car people happy with what she did to the car,” said Bootsy.
	“He couldn't use pain killers.”
	“I got that too,” she said.
	“Bootsy, I am going to Reno today. Some guy lost a wad and sold a dinged up Bently. Julio N. Jackson called me and wondered if I wanted to buy it. Never worked on one of those luxury cars.”
	“Well have fun.”
	“You want to tag along.”
	“I'll stay home and paint deer porn.”

	The mayor and the city council called a special public meeting in the High School Gym with closed circuit to several other locations. It was announced over the radio and in the paper. The town was buzzing. No one knew what it was about. Bootsy and Dwayne did not live within the city limits but they decided to attend. The Cafe was full of courious people. There were no leaks. It had been kept a secret. That is not easy in a small town.
	Major Goodman called the meeting to order and the Pledge of Alligence was recited. It was moved and seconded to wave the reading of the minutes. It passed unanimously to everyones relief.
	“Ladies and Gentlemen the City of Sierra View has received some money for the arts. There are a couple of stipulations. It is to go to the Art Commision. We don't have one yet but that is on the agenda. 
	Several things are mandated. One is a fountain that must be fun and children can play in it. The second is three statues have to be commissioned and three murals painted. The money came from the late Brad Weksler's insurance. It is a very large sum. It is two million dollars.”
	That caused a major stir in the crowds at the various venues. 
	“Continuing, we will be discussing what and who should be on the Art Commision. That is how many members and what to pay them,”
	“I make a motion thet the Commision have three members and a secretary. That they use the mayor's old office. That the mayor appoint them and the city council vote on whether to accept them or not.” said Edna Cotton.
	Frank Simms seconded the motion. Then they discussed ideas and it was decided the people of Sierra Vista could make suggestions. The secretary would sort them. Lastly since it was a part time job the three members of the Art Commision would get $500 a month. It was decided at the next regular meeting the appointees would be voted on. Herb Clay was in charge of finding the secretary and getting the office furnished. They also said to look through all the stuff in the basement rather than buy new items. 
	Suggestion boxes were up all over town. The busiest one was at the Cafe. It was full in one day. Molly had to take it to the Mayor's office to be emptied. 
	Tom Thompkins was choosen as the Art Commissioner. Happy Lang and Edna Cotton were the other two nominees. They passed and were given the keys to the office. Tom ended up not taking his token salary, and Happy did the same but Edna kept hers. Everyone knew since Otto, her husband, had died the finances were a little tight. 
	The Commission gave a report to the mayor. They wanted to feature local talent not artists from out of state. They also realized they could fund concerts and other things besides fine arts. The secretary was working hard sorting the suggestions. Some were mural ideas. Others were for the location of the fountain. 

	
	“Grandma Mary, oops I, mean Mary are you pro-life or pro-choice?” asked Beth afraid of the answer and afraid of her new awareness.
	“Yes....     All things to all people to paraphrase St. Paul. You look bewildered. Both sides agree on so much and yet they never see that. You have seen how human reproduction can go frightfully wrong. 
	My job is to collected those born with little or no chance for a real life. Here we love them, care for them, and sadly bury many of them. I hate abortion but I don't hate people who have had one. That isn't pro-life to hate is it?”
	“Like what do they agree on?”
	“Beth, both sides know that many, many pregnacies should have never happened. They can worked together to prevent them. Not just abstinence, but proper use of birth control too. Both sides can work to prevent women and girls from being victims. Also to work together to prevent repeat abortions through education, training, even mentorship. Another is to get rational legislation passed. How can someone be pro-life and then want to cut welfare for having too many children? That one has always bothered me.”
	“I see,” said Beth.
	“It isn't black or white and ambiguity is scary. It requires soul searching and that is painful, very painful.”

	Dwayne had the Bently towed to his place in Sierra View. He did run a check to be sure it hadn't been stolen. It came back clean just two fender benders. He did a print out for the future buyer. It was a luscious gray. The interior was leather also gray. Tomorrow he would check it out and see how much work was necessary to get in mint condition. Selling it might be a bit more difficult because the number of possible buyers was small.
	The next morning they went to town in the Suburu because it had the best gas mileage of all their vehicles. Bootsy left Dwayne at his warehouse and she drove to the school. Today the would meet Mr. Weksler's replacement. She had been selected from a rather small group of candidates.  But Ms Cunningham was in way over her head.
	The new teacher was Wanda Uchida. She had previously worked in Santa Cruz, California. Her husband was a dealer at El Rodeo Casino in Reno. The principal introduced her to the staff and went with her to the class so he could introduce her.
	Bootsy had a feeling this was going to be an interesting week. She was a bit concerned because the sense she was getting was totally mixed; both good and bad. Mondays were usually just a bit slow.
She looked forward to lunch with Dwayne at the cafe. 
	Dwayne was doing his preliminary search of the car. It was always his first step in any restoration. He found all sorts of things in cars from illegal drugs to a ruby ring that he never was able to trace the owner. It now was his daughter's.  The glove compartment had the owner's manuel, registration, insurance, and gum wrappers. The places in the back were empty. He popped open the horn cover, it was a pre-airbag model and found a wad of hundred dollar bills. He counted them 52 of them. He took a picture and then drove it over to the police station.
	Felice hugged him and the rest of the guys on duty came by to chat. Burke was out dealing with a dog knapping. The unhappy couple had a big  fight over Shoo-Shoo's custody. They had handled the child custody, the property settlement just fine but the dog had them back in court. Now she had stolen the dog out of his car claiming it was being miss treated.
	At lunch Bootsy got a kick out of the dog knapping saga. It had Molly laughing too. But the former Mrs. Turk was not saying where Shoo-Shoo is and Mr. Turk was out for blood.
	“So what happens to the money, Hinton?”
	“Katz, they will try to check out former owners but if no one claims it we will have some extra money. You want to take a cruise to Alaska?”
	“Sounds like fun, Hinton.”

	“Hi, Bootsy this is Darling, a Mr. Turk wants to hire Katz and Hinton to find a missing pouch called Shoo-Shoo. He says the dog is worth a lot. His ex-wife took it.”
	“Did you explain our rates and what we can and can not do?”
	“Boss Lady, I am new to this kind of work but I ain't stupid.”
	“Sorry Darling, but the Daphine before you had to be fired and I forgot you are serious about this.”
	“Send Lucky out to do the interview. Dwayne and I are too well known in town to be discrete.'”
	“Gotcha.”
	Bootsy let Dwayne know about the case. He was glad that Lucky was on it. Then Bootsy went to look up Chinese Crested Dogs. It turned out that Shoo-Shoo was a blue ribbon winner and quite the stud. He was very valuable for the hairless variety because he had perfect teeth. He had every tooth and they were beautiful. His eyes and body were light colored. His hair that was on his head, tail, and socks was a nice soft buff colored. He weighed twelve pounds and he is put out to stud at $1000. There was a list of genetic defects that he did not have and a list of his awards and ribbons. She looked at the pictures of his puppies from several litters and pictures of him playing with children, a Manx cat named Pillbug, and him doing tricks. If Boyd Turk wanted to pay she was glad to take the money. 

	Herb called her up and asked to help with a mural. It was A History of Sierra View. It was going to be a Sierra View High School Project. It was a combined project with the art and history departments. The music department would put on a concert inspired by the mural.
	“Yes we want you to help with the flow from one scene to the next. It is on the retaining wall on the north side of Murphy Street. It will be four feet high at the left but widening  to be twelve  feet high and one hundred and twelve feet long. Mr. Applegate will bring his sketches to the Art Commision office on Tuesday after school.”
	So Tuesday, after she got of work, Bootsy headed for the Art Commission Office. The plans were laid out on a couple of folding tables. 
	“We started with the geologic history in the first twelve feet. The science department helped with that. The next section is the Native American section, followed by Mountain Men and other explorations. Then the wagon trains passing through. As you can see we did a lot with the silver mining and cattle ranching. We dealt with the more recent history and the various businesses. We put a lot in on outdoor recreation and points of interest. The row of portraits are the famous people and all the mayors. It just doesn't flow well,” said Mr. Applegate.
	“Take the row of portraits off the top and have one scene fade to a porttrait of maybe several then fade into the next scene,” she said. “It is really a good mural. How many painters will you have?”
	“Anyone that has ever taken an art class while in the school. We are even letting people who have graduated from the school but took at least one art class so it will be about sixty people. Industrial arts is currently plastering and smoothing the wall. They will also seal it after we have it painted.”
	The paper said that Tractors, Tractors, Tractors ETC. was selling the paint to them at cost. E. Bedwell's construction just donated the plaster. They plan was to stretch the budget as far as possible and include as many members of the community as possible. 
	On Saturday Bootsy was at the wall and was overseeing things along with Herb, and Mr. Applegate. It was remarkable but a sixty two people showed up with brushes to help. The outlines were drawn on the walls and everyone started to fill in their sections. Felice and her partner Elvira were in the first couple of feet of the geologic section. Elvira was tall and very thin. She looked like a thermometer that had swallowed an olive. She was seven month a long. She looked more like Cher than than the famous Elvira. They were laughing. A three year old boy was sitting in the shade playing with toy trucks. Felice introduced the boy as their son Jimmy. Several members of the school faculty were paint the background colors. At noon a potluck lunch was served. Then they all went back to work. They stopped at four. It was three quarters finished with the basic under painting. Sunday afternoon they would come and finish that stage.
	Bootsy drove home and found that the barbecue was all fired up. Dwayne was going to cook venison. The salad was made. They talk about their day.
	“So do you know who the father is of Felice and Elvira's boy and the new baby?”
	Dwayne blushed.
	“Not you?”
	“It is a bit more complicated than that. About four years ago Felice came to us, I mean the guys on the force and asked us all to donate. She and Elvira were going to have eggs harvested and mix it all together. Then the extras would be frozen for later. Elvira was to carry the first two then Felice was going to have one. So we don't know. Jimmy looks so much like Elvira we guess it was her egg but we don't know who the dad is. The whole force considers him sort of theirs.”
	“Oh, not what I expected.”
	She did not have time to muse because her cell phone rang.
	It was Lucky saying that the Turk Case was getting more complicated someone had stollen Shoo-Shoo from the boarding kennel in Sparks where Emily- Marie Austin, the former Mrs. Turk, had stashed him. The Sparks police did not want the case, until Lucky told them what Shoo-Shoo was worth. Lucky was still following leads in Sparks. Now they former couple were working together to get Shoo- Shoo back. She handed her phone to Dwayne because he wanted Dwayne to pressure the Sparks Police Department.
	“Okay, Lucky, I'll make a few calls,” said Dwayne before hanging up.
	“Bootsy, please show me the picture of the dog.”	
	She put the picture on the monitor.
	“It is cute, not my type of dog, but cute. So why is he so special?”
	“He has perfect teeth, usually the hairless ones don't.”
	Then Bill Burke called next.
	“Dwayne, turn on channel twelve at 7:00 they have some footage on the jaguars.”
	The anchor gave a brief history of the Nevada jaguars and then showed a video of a plump female eating a pronghorn. A big cat expert said she looked pregnant. Then the anchor asked the reporter questions about jaguars. The rehashed the murder of Mr. Weksler and that it was now a federal case.
	“I don't know if I am glad or not about the Jaguars,” said Bootsy.
	“Yeah?”
	

	Cindy arrived two hours early at the orphanage. She wanted to talk privately with Grandma Mary. She was nervous but settled her self down my chanting a simple relaxation spell. She parked under a tree. She walked deliberately into the office building.
	She was welcomed into the office and offered tea. They sat and spent about a minute with small talk.
	“Stan and I would like to discuss adopting little Carol in the deaf wing.”
	“Yes, she is a beautiful girl, and she is adoptable. I know you are both approved to adopt by social services and all that. Does Stan know ASL?”
	“He practices with me daily and he is taking a course at the Junior College where he teaches.”
	“Who will be with her when you are here?”
	“Mary, my husband has set up to teach Tuesdays and Thursdays. He will do his off campus classes on two evenings a week.”
	“Have him come in to talk to me some time this week. It would be better that she would be in a private home for her next foot surgery. Maybe we could start out as a foster care situation to be sure it is a good fit.”
	Cindy felt encouraged but still aprehensive. She went into the bathroom and chanted a spell. 
	
	Beth was in church. The worship team had gotten almost everyone into the heavenlies except her. She sang she tried to feel the move of the Spirit. Nothing. Pastor Barnes got up on the platform.
	“Jesus said, to 'Love thy neighbor like thy self.' Brothers and especially sisters you have been loving at your neighbor, your spouse, the children, the church, the nation, but you aren't loving and forgiving yourselves. Think about it, you can't keep ignoring yourself. So how can you love yourself. Let's start with forgiving yourself. God has forgiven you. If you told your best friend they would forgive you. Okay, try looking at yourself from the outside. Is that person worth forgiving. Yes, you are....”
	Beth just knew those words for her. Tears rolled down her face. David took her hand and held it then put his arms around her. She did not hear another word of Pastor Barnes sermon. David drove her home in silence. He sensed she did not want to talk.

		Bootsy left the school on the corner of Main Boulavard and Elm Avenue. The circular street that circled the out side of downtown was called Not Central Circle.  Almost all the businesses were inside that circle. She drove down Elm Avenue to Our Only Alley where Dwayne's Warehouse/Garage was locates. He wanted her to see the Bentley. 
	“Look, it is fully restored. The original upholstery only needed cleaning and so did the head liner. The wheels just needed cleaning. The engine just purrs. Wanta take a ride?”
	“Sure.” 
	“It's a fifty-four R Type Saloon Car. I want to keep it.”
	“Is it hard to drive with the steering wheel on the wrong side?” she asked.
	“Takes getting used to. I'll have to store it here most of the time, especially winter.”
	They drove into Reno for dinner. The vallet enjoyed parking it. The stopped at Lookout Point on the way home. A girl from the high school  spotted them. Winston was glad to see them when they finally showed up. He got a can of dog food. The kibble was in a self feeder.
	 “I bet the whole high school will know on Monday,” she said.
	“Yeah.”
	

	Beth was ironing her cotton blouses, when the phone rang.
	“Sister Beth, Arlene and I will by to pick you up in about ten minutes. The Collers heve been in a horrible wreck. Ned is dead, Barbara is dieing but she wants to talk to you,” said Pastor Karl.
	They arrived at Barbara's side in I.C.U. She opened her eyes.
	“Beth, I want you and David to adopt Kim. They say she will be alright. Thank you.”
	 She made a horrible gurgle and  died.
	The funeral was held in two days and Kim was able to be released from the hospital after a week. David had moved all of Kim's furniture and toys to the room they had always planned to be the nursery. Kim was ten month's old. Pastor Karl had worked it out with Social Services. There were no relatives able to take the baby.
	Kim had a cast on her left leg and her left arm. Her face had several lacerations. She had some toes that were smashed up and she had bruises everywhere. It had been decided she would be better off with Beth and David than in the hospital. She was in pain and they had her on strong pain killers but she still woke up several times a night. Beth would sit in the rocker and sing to her. Beth had taken a week off from the orphanage. Conroy said that was reasonable. Cindy continued going that week. They skipped the lunch at the cafe too.


	Cindy finally got to take Carol home for a weekend visit. The girl was average height for eight. She had plan brown hair and eyes. He nose was turned up and she had freckles and dimples. Her left foot had been injured as a baby not not properly treated and congenitally deaf. There was one hindrance to the adoption. Her great aunt wanted regular visitation.  She was in her eighties and could no longer drive but she visited her niece every Sunday afternoon. Cindy and Stan had visited Mrs. Flynn at senior assisted living in Sparks. They got along well. So she was going to come over to Cindy and Stan's House for her usual Sunday visit with Carol. 
	Stan was waiting for Cindy and Carol to arrive he had made a tire swing in the backyard. He planned a tree fort in the same old tree. Carol loved the yard and the swing. Cinda and Stan took turns pushing Carol until they had to stop and have dinner. They had chicken even though it wasn't officially the weekend. It was sort of a holiday.  Desert was strawberry short cake because it was Carol's favorite desert.  The conversation was very animated at dinner and Stan was kidding her about talking with her mouth full. She signed she couldn't talk with her hands full. They watched TV with the closed captioning on. Then she got to sleep in a pretty pink room. 
	“Carol, please set the table for breakfast,” Cindy signed.
	“Yes    ….  Mom... I mean Cindy.”
	That brought a tear to Cindy as she turned and poured pancake batter on the griddle. Stan joined them in a few minutes.
	“Stan, teach me about the worms.”
	“Yes,” he signed back. 
	They removed a quart of worm castings and put it around the tomatoes. After lunch they went to the pond at the park and fed the ducks. 
	“That duck has a foot like mine,” Carol signed.
	'”Yes, but it is a goose. They are a lot like ducks but bigger,”explained Cindy.
	On Sunday Carol showed Aunt Edna the swing and the worms and explained about how the worms turned kitchen waste into fertilizer. Her aunt could understand sign but her hands were to arthritic for her to sign so Cindy interpreted. Mr. Earl had driven Aunt Edna. He was introduced as her gentleman friend. Earl winked a Stan who smiled and nodded with understanding. They hugged and the elderly couple got in his Mustang and headed back to Sparks. 
	Cindy drove Carol back to the orphanage on Monday and Beth was there with Kim in a stroller. Carol wanted to push the baby and Beth signed approval.
	 Grandma Mary was watching and smiling.“Brad, your plan is working for your daughters,” she half prayed and half said it. 
	Edna Bunnel was over the next day to sign papers approving of the adoption. She also had weekly visitation as part of the agreement. 
	Beth and Cindy met at the Cafe, Kim as in the high chair and she pounded on the tray when she wanted more French fries. The crowds were much smaller since the hostilites had cease. 
	“Cindy, she is still waking at night and I am sure she is aware of the loss but she is glad when I sing and hold her like Mom used to do when were we little. It just feels so right. How is it going with Carol?”
	“Grandma Mary said it will be a couple of weeks of weekends then we can take her home for good.”
	“I am glad, really glad for you,”
	“Thank's Beth. Remember when Billie Butler got a baby brother. She was so mad she tipped over the easel at recreation. Paint everywhere including my hair,” said Cindy.
	“She got my favorite shorts with three colors of poster paint and it never came out,” Beth laughed.
	“She said, ' baby brothers are awful they throw up, pee, poop and cry. And you can't even use them like a doll.'”
	“Yeah, she was banned from recreation for two whole weeks,” said Beth
	“It was the best two weeks of the summer.”

	The former Mrs. Turk called and said she received part of a ransom note for Shoo-Shoo. She said her ex-husband got part of the note too. Bootsy said she would meet them at Boyd's condo because it was half way for both of them. Dwayne joined them. The Spark's police had been less than enthused about it.
	Dwayne read the two halves of the note. They had been cut apart with what Emily-Marie called pinking shears. 
	“I think they are scrapbooking shears,” said Bootsy.
	“They say we have to go to the Cafe in town and have lunch together then we will get further instructions,” said a dejected Boyd.
	“I'll meet you at the Cafe tomorrow,” said Emily-Marie
	“We will have some one watching the place,”said Dwayne. 
	At the cafe Molly took their orders. They both had their usuals. They talked about the kids and Shoo-Shoo and Pillbug. They even laughed about the cat liking to sit on the skate board and the kids giving it small shooves on the drive way. The food came and a note was found on the counter addressed to them. 
	In the envelope was a picture of Shoo-Shoo using a Wall Street Journal with yesterdays date on it. The note said to go to the public library in the morning when it opened. It had been closed for fumigation for a couple of days. They were given a puzzle to figure out. It would lead them to the next instructions.  They worked for hours to figure out the puzzle it was most of a jig saw puzzle with some missing pieces. 
	When Emily-Marie got home she found a letter with some puzzle pieces. Boyd also had a letter with puzzle pieces. They spelled out the title of a kids book they used to read to the kids when they were little. It was Hoppity the Slow Bunny. They got the book off the shelf, Lucky was reading the paper at the library, Dwayne was out back and Bootsy was dressed like a jaintor inside the library. Darling was sitting on the frontsteps fiddling with a map. They found a website to check out. 
	They went to the computer and found a picture of Shoo-Shoo and Pillbug together.
	“Is Pillbug missing?” asked Boyd.
	“I fed him his breakfast this morning and then headed over here. The kids were walking to school as usual.”
	“Let's go check,” he said with concern in his voice.
	“Okay.”
	Bootsy and Dwayne headed over to Emily-Marie's house. Darling waited for a while and headed back to Reno. Lucky interviewd Librarians but got no leads'
	Pillbug was gone. His favorite cat food was gone too. The kids were at school. Bootsy had taken a personal day but she called the principal. Emily-Marie started crying and Boyd comforted her. Dwayne and Bootsy let themselves out. 
	“Katz, I smell a rat.”
	“Hinton, I think I smell three rats, but how did they ever get to Sparks?None of them is old enough to drive.”
	“Some one is in on it,”
	“Do we go grill them now or do we catch them on the way home?” she asked.
	“Looks like the Parent Trap, maybe we should hold back for a while. This could be fun.”
	“I like your style, Hinton.”
	“I like yours too, Katz.”

	The next morning life was glum. The boys toyed with their cereal. No kidding, no whining, nothing. Boyd showed up at the door before they left for school. He was going to walk them to school and walk back with them after school. That had been Bootsy's idea. She had expected it to shake the boys up but they seemed to appriciate it. 
	Howard the youngest said, “Mom cried last night.... Lots.”
	Kenny and Peter nodded. 
	Bootsy found ways to check on each boy during the day. They seemed distracted and picked at their lunches. She expected them to eat together or share knowing looks, none of that. Boyd met them and walked them home. Howard was a bit clingy and Bootsy found out Boyd stayed for dinner and didn't leave to the boys were all asleep. The next morning Boyd was there to walk them to school. He even ate a bowl of  granola with them. 
	A package arrived it was a package full of scrabble letters.  Boyd and Emily-Marie sat at the breakfast room table and kept arranging and rearranging the set of letters. Finally it said
			            CITY HALL BULLETIN BOARD

	Bootsy arrived to see the the letters sitting on the table. They got into Boyd's car to drive to City Hall. Bootsy informed both Dwayne and Lucky. 
	“Katz, take  pictures with your phone and  send them to me.”
	There were many three by five cards. All were dated. They were removed after two weeks. Most of them were people offering service from mow and blow to pet and kid sitting. One stood out dated a week ago. It said   Found tailess cat. Gray tabby. Male. Then a local phone number.
	After a deep breath Boyd put his phone on speaker and called
	“Doctor Herb Clay's office, marriage, family, and private councelling. If this is an emergency please hang up and call 911. Otherwise leave my a confidential voice mail after the beep.....” Boyd left a message about the cat. Bootsy kept a straight face thanks to all the acting classes. In a funny play the actors had to look serious. Emily-Marie was dumbfounded and said so. Boyd was puzzled. They all took photos of all the three by five cards to see if there was another hidden message. 
	Later at the cafe Bootsy filled Dwayne in on the morning's development.
	“It's the kids but I don't want to bust them, Hinton.”
	He nodded with a mouthful of Florence's triple chocolate cake.   

	Wednesday, after the sisters had finished their shifts, Grandma Mary walked up to Cindy with Carol and three boxes of her personal things.
	“Why don't you take her today. All the paperwork has cleared yesterday.” Mary had both tears of joy and a little sadness.
	“Grandma can I come visit some times,” signed Carol.
	“Yes,” signed Mary and Carol hopped into the Prius.  
	Cindy hugged Mary, wiped tears, and was hugged by Beth. Carol signed “Let's go.”    
	On Friday, while Cindy was volunteering, Stan and Carol started to build the tree fort only Carol insisted it was a tree house not a fort and she wanted it painted pink. So after the floor, supports, and frame were in place they drove over to Tractors, Tractors, Tractors ETC. to get pink paint. Carol had to return to school on Monday. The bus would pick her up at 7:30 to take her to the deaf school in Reno.
	As they stood before the shelves of paint samples Carol picked out a bright pink, light pink and an apple green. She wanted the inside to be light pink and the out side bright pink with green trim. She then decided the floor shoud have astroturf. 
	Stan signed that she could not always have things just her way.
	“I know, but this is my adoption present and I will be so happy when I am playing up here and thinking about my new family,” she signed. 
	Stan smiled and realized that she had him wrapped around her pinkie. 
	He was looking for an interpreter to she could go to Sierra View School. Cindy thought it would be nice for her to have local friends and be able to skip the long bus rides in what kids called the Retardo Bus. 
	On Sunday Edna and Earl arrived and Carol dragged them out to see her tree house. Stan climbed up and snapped some digital pictures so they could see the inside. 
	Carol was bubbling over the signed, “But you two are still my very special aunt and uncle.”
	Stan realized she had them wrapped around her other pinkie.
	“Pinkie Power, Grandma Mary warned me,” whispered Cindy. 
	“We heard that,” laughed Edna and Earl. 
	
	
	Bootsy and Dwayne decided they better meet with Emily-Marie and Boyd and let them in on who they thought was the masterminds of the Shoo-Shoo/Pillbug pet knappings. So they all met at Emily-Marie's after Boyd got back from walking the kids to school. 
	“We believe it is your boys and some one old enough to drive,” said Dwayne.
	“But why?” asked Boyd.
	“Honey, I mean Boyd, they are making us spend time together.”
	“You mean they are matchmaking,” he said.
	Everyone one nodded. Then Emily's cell phone and Boyd's phone went off. It was the school. All three boys had disappeared during first recess.
	

	Beth drove Kim over to Dr. Francine McAdams' office. The stitches were coming out today. David met her there, he had taken the afternoon off.  The baby hardly fussed with the stitch removal. Then the doctor took the cast off her arm. 
	“The one on her leg will be on another three weeks. Has she been able to roll over with all the plaster?”
	“No,” said Beth.
	“But she has tried,” added David.  
	After a complete check up they took little Kim to the Cafe. She was delighted to have use of both hands. Her hair was curly and almost black. Her eyes were blue-gray.  
	Molly can over and played with Kim before taking their orders. 
	“Don't worry about the scars they fade a lot,” said Molly pointing out on on her forehead and a small one by her nose. “I could have them made even fainter by surgery but what's the point a touch of make up and they are gone.”
	“Thanks, Molly, for sharing. It helps,” said Beth. 
	Abe and Estelle came in for lunch. They stopped and played with Kim too.
	Bootsy came in to get take out for the teacher's lunch meeting. She managed to come by and talk to Beth and David.
	“Are you getting enough sleep?”
	“Yeah now, the first two weeks she had a hard time sleeping,” said Beth. “Doc Francine says she is teething and said rub this stuff on her gums. Does it really hurt that much?” asked Beth.
	The whole restaurant full of people said yes at once. Then everyone laughed and started telling teething stories. 
	“My youngest Vern, cut four all at once in the middle of the night. He was my fifth but they actually bled and I called old Doc Richard. Well Doctor Dickie said some foul words when he found out it wasn't a gusher,” shared Florence the cook. 


	On the next Wednesday Beth and Cindy were very hungry and decided to grab a bite at Denny's in Sparks after their stint at the orpanage.
	“I'll have the broccoli soup and the salad please. I'll have herb tea and honey with that,” said Cindy.
	“I'll have the tilapia and tomato slices, coffee with cream please and water,” ordered Beth.
	Then Darnell Olivetti walked up. The former quarterback for Sierra View High. He was wearing hundred dollar sun glasses, his hair had been styled by someone so he looked like a lounge singer. He was wearing slacks and a casual shirt that were designer and he had multiple diamond rings on his hands.
	“It's the lovely Weksler sisters. I read about your father in the paper. How are you pretty ladies doing?”
	“Slimemold crawl back under the decomposing log you call home,” said Cindy.
	“Still a frigid little bitch unlike your lovely sister.”
	Beth took her hot coffee and threw it in his face.
	“Bitch!” he left and headed for the restroom. 
	Applause filled the restruant. Darnell was famous for his used luxury car business. He did all his own commercials. He was a known sleazeball.  He left the building quickly. 
	The sisters sat staring at each other open mouthed, thinking. 
	The waitress dropped their  orders by.
	“Thanks, maybe he won't come back,” said the waitress.
	Cindy started to explain. “Back in my sophamore year he took me to a basketball game and the sock hop after. On the way home he virtually threw me in the back seat. I kicked his balls like mom had said to do. He said he would tell everyone I was a dyke. I said then I'll say the truth is you couldn't get it up. Then I walked home. I didn't even know what  'get it up' meant but Mom's friend, Lucy, said that when her boss made a move on her. You know that monthly luncheon all her gal firends had. I was home with super bad cramps. They forgot I was in the house and just talked and laughed.”
	Beth was crying. She looked like a wet cat  or a half deflated ball.
	Cindy sat and held her hand for several minutes.
	“He tried to same thing but I was to scared to kick him. He said you were real good and I must be the last virgin at Sierra View High. Two weeks later I was late. I knew it would break Daddy's heart
 so I took Mom's crochet hook....”
	Cindy left a twenty on the table and drove Beth home in the SUV.

	A letter arrived in the mail at Emily-Marie's house. 

	Dear Dad and Mom,
	We can see you both still care about each other. So if you want to see us and the pets go see Dr. Herb Clay or someone else. 
						Your Sons ,  Brian, William, and Peter
	“Boyd, what can we do? They will miss school,” said Emily-Marie.
	“Let's call Bootsy and Dwayne before we go to the police.
	“Okay,” she said.
             Dwayne and Bootsy arrived a few minutes later he was in town and she left the school early with Mr.Blake's blessing. 
	“Boyd, we suspected a parent trap for a while. They had to have a licenced driver get them to Sparks. So we believe an adult or maybe teenager is helping them. Who could that person be. That's where Shoo-Shoo, Pillbug, and the boys are hiding.”
	They worked out a list of friends and relatives that might be willing to help the boys. 
	“When you said you no longer loved me, I was devistated but I could not hold on to you so I gave you the divorce you wanted,” said Emily-Marie crying.
	“I never said that. I thought you wanted out.”
	“Boyd, you said that you didn't love me like when we first got married.”
	“Honey, I didn't mean I didn't still love you, just that the way I love you had changed and matured.” 
	Bootsy and Dwayne left quietly. Their leaving wasn't even noticed.

			
	The school built a media center/ after school center with the money from Mr. Weksler's estate. The city had its three murals one on the history of Sierra View, one on the animals and plants of the area. The third and smallest was a tribute to Mr. Weksler and it showed all the things he had been evolved with almost no one knowing. They had a city wide barbecue and concert in the park in late August to show off the new fountain and the Weksler wall.  The fountain moved to music and it had plenty of areas to wade and splash. Speeches were numerous but by city proclamation had to end in  five minutes. Abe Berg did a stand up comedy routine. The police force did a skit from the Police Academy Movies. Dwayne was part of that. There was a big inflatable jumping toy for the kids and clowns too. The entire Poker Club was there. Boyd and Emily-Marie had remarried and were there with the boys. A petting zoo was set up near the ferris wheel. Cindy and Beth, Stan and David, Carol ond Kim sat together; family

             When they were driving back to the Lake, Bootsy said “I figured it out.”
	“What?”
	“I figured out who helped Weksler commit suicide.”
	“The Poker Club but we can never prove it,” he said.
	“That isn't what I meant. I know who did the knife.”
	“Who?'
	“I can't prove it and the city would have a mess with the Art Commission. Abe Berg did it.”
	“Why him?”
	“I read in his file at the dental school he had been a shochet before he went to dental school.”
	“A what?” he asked exasperatedly.
	“He was Orthodox before becoming Conservative. He was the specially trained person that slit the animals' throats in a Kosher slaughter house. They do it so precisely that it is virtually painless and extremely quick.”
	“We could not get a witness could we?”
	“Let's just let it stay unsolved,” she said.
	“Good work, Katz.”
	“Thank you, Hinton.
	
	
