
Angel Eyes

By J. G. Curtiss

Copyright 2012 J.G. Curtiss
Smashwords Edition
ISBM: 9781476214429

CHAPTER ONE

She looked at him, her husband, sitting at the table, watched him shoveling her baked beans into his broad, bony face and forcing the beans down with mouthfuls of beer from a quart bottle.  She had a penchant for tough bad boys, but this guy had turned out to be just an evil thug—and a brute.  She wished he were dead.
She turned her back to him and directed her attention out the window to where a summer storm suited her mood with horizontal rain slamming against the window and blinding lightning flashing in her eyes.  But it was the angry roar of the wind that best suited her mood.  She hated him, her husband, and she wished he would die and die again.
She stood in the small living room, and he sat in the tiny, open kitchen of an apartment niched atop a late nineteenth century brownstone building that hadn’t change much in a hundred and fifteen years of neglect.  The old disconnected gaslight jets were still stationed about the rooms with electricity now traveling by wire through conduits fastened insecurely to the surface of the walls.  And the ecru-painted walls showed the imperfections of plaster over laths, and were framed with scarred woodwork that had been painted over a hundred times.  The wood floor was uneven and worn down before the only door, which opened rudely to the kitchen.
Maybe some wrinkled old lady in a rocking chair, who was content with her memories, might be content with the nostalgic ambiance; but Ann was young and beautiful and volatile, and she liked pretty things, new things.  This was not what she had in mind when she married Henry three years ago.  He was a successful criminal, but what good is success if half your time is spent hiding out and hiding out in a dump?
The anachronistic apartment wasn’t even hers.  They were living with her impoverished mother while Henry hid from the police.  He had violated his parole, again, and the city cops were looking for him, again.  Much as she wanted to, Ann was afraid to turn him in to the cops and afraid to leave him.  She ran her tongue over a chipped molar, a memento of the last time she displeased him.  She was lucky his big fist hadn’t broken her jaw.  If only he would die.
A dazzling flash of blue-white light filled the apartment along with a shattering sound like a starter gun being fired against her ear.  Ann jumped inside herself, and, for a moment, she was blind and deaf.  Slowing regaining her senses, she first became aware of a flickering red glow projected up onto the ceiling from the street below.  She returned her attention to the window.  Just below the window a utility pole was on fire, its transformer sputtering and popping sparks like fiery popcorn.  Lightning.  A near miss as she stood near the window.  Was it a warning against such evil thoughts—wishing her husband would die?
She heard something behind her, a sound like the final slurp through a drinking straw.  She turned around and found Henry on his feet, his big hands grapping his bovine neck, his mouth hanging open, his eyes ready to pop.  She walked up to him as one would walk up to a strange dog.  “What’s the matter with you?  That wasn’t gunfire,” she sneered.  It was a stupid thing for her to say.  The man was fearless and was very familiar with gunfire.
The huge man—six feet four and wide as a jailhouse door—could squeeze out only a squeak like a mouse with its tail in a trap.
She took another hesitant step.  “Can’t you breathe?”  His face was fading in color from red to purple.  “Oh, my God!” she gasped and ran around the table, pushing his chair out of her way.  Getting herself into the Heimlich position, she attempted an abdominal thrust, but it was like trying to compress a steel drum.
He shook her loose, sending her stumbling across the room and onto the kitchen floor.  He lunged to the sink—his face now a deep blue—rammed his fist crashing through the window over the sink and pulled back a bloody hand.  He leaned over the sink shoving his face through the jagged hole while desperately straining to suck in a breath of air.  There was only the squeaky-mouse sound again and the howl of the wild wind.  His face was turning black.  In a flash of lightning, his skin looked like gunmetal.
Ann was on 911, but she was sure it was hopeless.  The closest fire station was six blocks away, and the apartment was four stories up.  There was no elevator.  The dispatcher was urging Ann to stay on the phone, but when Henry fell back unconscious; she dropped the receiver to the floor and dropped down onto her knees next to him.  She had taken a mandatory first-aid course while working for a trucking firm.
She placed two fingers to the side of his throat.  The skin of his neck was cold and clammy.  There was a pulse, weak and fast.  Behind her, she could hear the dispatcher’s tiny voice calling to her with increasing urgency.  She pinched his nose, covered his mouth with hers, and tried to force her breath into his lungs.  It was like trying to blow up a bowling ball.  She probed her fingers deeply into his gaping mouth.  It was something she should have done first she recalled.  There was no opening like there was no throat.  Her fingers pushed against a wall of wet, slimy flesh.
“Peanuts!” she thought aloud.  Henry was allergic to peanuts, big time!  Exposure to peanuts had almost killed him on more than one occasion.  But there were no peanuts.  Only her beans, fried onion rings, and salad.  She gasped again when it occurred to her that his syringe of epinephrine that would save him was left behind in their apartment.
He still had a faint pulse.  There was only one thing left to do.  She stood up, turned, and opened a drawer next to the sink.  Trembling and frantic, she fumbled her hand about in the drawer and selected the first knife she was able to close her hand around.  It was broad blade, but she couldn’t afford the seconds needed to fumble for another.  She went back down onto her knees next to Henry’s head.  The blue-black skin had suddenly dissolved into the pale color of a plumber’s candle.  He was probably dead, but she had forced herself into action and the emotional momentum kept her moving.  She placed the point of the knife against his throat below the Adam’s apple and pushed.  The skin broke, and there was a blister of blood, but that was all.  No opening.  She gagged, steeled herself, and pushed harder.  The knife made a deep dent in his throat but didn’t break through.
Ann became aware of the siren.  It was a long way off.  She was dizzy, hyperventilating.  Her hands were sweaty, slippery.  She pushed harder putting her weight over the knife.  The dent under the blade continued to sink and sink until the blade suddenly broke through and kept going.
“Oh, my God!” she screamed and let go.  The wide blade stood upright, supported by the four inches implanted in Henry’s throat.  Blood bubbles were frothing about the blade.  She pulled it out, cringed, put two of her fingers through the slice that smiled across his throat, and spread the fingers.  A dark hole appeared, but there was no exchange of air.  She pumped down hard on his chest with her free hand.  The ribs moved more easily now.  Air moved but not by the body’s volition.  Instead, there came a sickening sound like a death rattle.  She had heard the sound before on that terrible night her father shot himself.  There was no life in the sound.  She checked again.  There was no pulse.
She looked down at his blanched, dead face.  His mouth was slack, and his eyes were open looking back at her, mocking her failure.  He always mocked her.  She stood up and backed away.  She felt horrible, but she knew that she would be feeling better soon—much better.  She hated him, and the son-of-a-bitch was dead.
The EMTs cut their siren.  Its wail sighed away and died.  Turning off the siren a distance away was meant to spare the patient additional anxiety.  Never mind, she thought.  Another more distant siren was approaching.  To put out the burning utility pole, Ann supposed.
She leaned back against the counter that was at a right angle to the sink and waited.  The rain was washing the blood from the broken window.  She watched it happen as she listened to the hasty footfalls thumping up the four flights of wooden stairs.  Already, she was feeling nothing.  She was numb.  Feeling better was on the way.
They didn’t delay by knocking but pushed through the unlocked door carrying a backboard.  There were three of them, out of breath, wide-eyed, and uniformed in rain-soaked blue.  Two were younger than Ann had expected.  Early twenties.  The third, last through the door and breathing the hardest, was at least in his forties.  They entered the kitchen and stopped short.  As young as they were, they knew death when they saw it.
“Come on, do it!” the senior one ordered, and all three huddled down around the body snapping on rubber gloves.  One ripped open the patient’s shirt exposing an impressive, hairy chest.  Another attached the sticky pads of a portable ECG to strategic points on the chest and turned the device on.  The screen showed a thin, green, flat line, and a disinterested, automatous female voice spoke from the ECG, “Begin CPR.”  The senior medic sighed and began compressions while the other two sat back on their heels.  All of their quick actions could not disguise that it was all done perfunctorily.  The guy was dead.
“How did his throat get cut?” the youngest-looking one asked Ann while the senior one continued making a good show of performing CPR.
Ann turned her attention away from the raging weather outside the broken window.  “I had to open his airway.  He couldn’t breathe.”
“A tracheotomy?”
“Whatever.”  Ann shrugged.
“You don’t cut across the trachea.  You cut along it,” the young one scolded.
“Shut up!” the senior one hissed sotto voce through his teeth.
“She cut his throat open!” the young one insisted defensively sotto voce.
“Just shut up and call for the police.”

CHAPTER TWO

Jack Slamm had to walk in a cold October drizzle the seven blocks from his apartment on Main Street to his office on Lucky Street.  His car, an ’08 Ford Focus, was hid away in an ex-girlfriend’s garage to prevent the repo man from towing it away.  He was three months behind.
He was cold.  His black leather bomber jacket that he had ordered through the Heartland catalog suited the weather, but he needed a hat.  His salt and pepper hair (the salt was premature) was pasted wet against his head pulling the heat out of his body.  And the hair needed to be cut.  It draped over his ears.
He walked past the show windows of tiny shops set in 19th Century redbrick buildings that had once offered apartments on the floors above.  Now the apartments were vacant as were half the shops.  Their dark windows seemed haunted like much of the city.  He walked past a hole-in-the-wall bar, a hole-in-the-wall used-furniture store, a hole-in-the-wall revivalist church, a hole-in-the-wall beauty shop where he waved through the window at the aging stylist with big, bleached-blond hair who was working on the edges of another big hair.  She waved back with her scissors.  Private Detective Jack Slamm had found her missing son two years before.
This was the old crumbling section of Manson, Ohio, competing with the new section on Lafayette Road where supermarkets and franchised establishments gobbled up the lion’s share of what little business there was in Manson.  But Main Street had trees along its way that offered white blossoms in the spring, shade in the summer and bright leaves in the fall.  Slamm gave the trees credit for Main Street’s resilience, but they were no comfort to him as he walked in the late-October rain.  The trees were black and bare.
There was a dank, narrow alley between the beauty shop and another bar.  Too narrow to accommodate motorized traffic, and leading back to another dank, forbidding alley, it professed to be a space without an intended purpose; but it was instead a favorite station for those who engaged in illegal solicitations of one kind or another.  As Slamm approached, a raggedy man stepped out from the narrow, dark space.  He was gaunt and sad, stooped and gray.  His watery eyes were faded.  He looked older than he probably was.   His dirty hand was out.
“Got a cigarette, Mister?”  He lowered his eyes.
Slamm stopped.  “No, sorry.  Don’t smoke cigarettes.”
“Got a dollar to spare for a cup of coffee?” He continued to look down.
Slamm dug into his pants pocket and produced three quarters which he dropped into the raggedy man’s dirty hand.  The man examined the three quarters.  “What can I do with these?”
“Tiddlywinks comes to mind,” Slamm said and regretted saying it.  It unintentionally sounded snide.
The raggedy man looked up at Slamm.  His watery eyes floated over Slamm’s stubbled, wet face.  “Another quarter will get me that cup of coffee,” he pleaded.
Slamm was embarrassed by his smartass remark.  The raggedy man was shivering.   Slamm wanted to make amends. “All I got is a five dollar bill, and I need it.  If you’ll stay here, I’ll go get it changed and come back with another quarter.”
The raggedy man’s smile had spaces.  “Okay, but I’ll go with you. Save you having to walk back.”  Before taking a step, he opened his hand to gaze upon the coins again.  His smile dropped.  “Wait!  Wait!  Wait!”  He grabbed hold of Slamm’s hand, turned it over, and dropped the coins.  “Here, take your quarters back.”
“What are you doing?”
The raggedy man wiped his gnarled hand against his raggedy coat.  “There’s blood on them.”
“What?” Slamm said and stupidly looked at the coins in his hand.
“I sometimes see things.  I don’t know how or why I see things, but I do, and I see blood on your quarters, Mister.  A lot of blood.”
“Come on.  Who you kidding?  If you can conjure up things, why don’t you conjure up the winning lottery numbers?”
“I can’t conjure up anything.  I just see things.  I wish I didn’t.  It frightens me.”
Slamm held out his hand.  “Take the quarters.  You’ve been drinking too much cheap wine.  You’re hallucinating.”
The raggedy man, his eyes wide, shook his gray head and backed into his dark space like a hermit crab backing into an abandoned shell.  Slamm watched him disappear.
“Well, that was weird,” Slamm said to himself and walked on.
There was another hole-in-the-wall, a diner.  Its show window was steamed up.  Hot coffee.  The window said so in glowing red neon.  Slamm stepped in out of the rain.  A bell jingled over his head.  Inside, a long, Formica-topped counter with a knotty pine design serviced ten spin-able stools on chrome posts with seats cushioned under red, cracked, imitation leather.  Across from the counter were a half-dozen booths with green, plastic seats and green, Formica-topped tables.  Behind the counter there were coffee makers with glass pots—one trimmed in decaf orange—pies under glass, donuts on display behind glass, and a waitress who was too good looking to be anywhere except in front of a camera.  Behind her, seen through a square portal, a cook, also stubbled, was moving about listlessly.  The place smelled of fried bacon.  Slamm took the first seat inside the door.  There was one other customer, a man on a stool at the other end.  Slamm picked up the menu and studied it for no good reason.  He knew what he would have, what he could afford.
The waitress sauntered over.  Slamm, his head down, heard her coming, the froufrou of her starched uniform.  “What’ll you have, handsome?”  She leaned on her elbows on the counter with her face close to his.  When Slamm looked up, caught by surprise, she smiled.
She was new.  Slamm hadn’t seen her in the diner before or any other place.  He would remember if he had.  She was certainly out of place.  Where were the cameras?  She was beautiful even with her copious, honey-blond hair bunched up under a hairnet.
“Just coffee.”  Slamm smiled in return and set the menu down.
“Fresh apple pie,” she said.  Her hazel eyes were large and nearly Oriental in shape—cat-like really.
Slamm thought about pie, and then thought about his last five dollars.  “No, just coffee.”
“Okay,” she relented.  Her lips were plump and pouty.  She wiggled away.
Slamm glanced again at the man sitting at the far end of the counter.  A working man in brown coveralls and matching ball cap.  The man had a newspaper folded on the counter along with a coffee and a slice of pie.  There was an empty plate.  Eggs and bacon Slamm guessed and chewed on his bottom lip.  The working man was leering at the waitress who was at the coffee maker with her back to him.  When she bent over to pour Slamm’s coffee, the man stood up, leaned over the counter, stretched out his arm, and pinched her butt.
“Hey!” she shouted spinning around.  “I told you to cut it out, and I mean it!  I don’t like that.”
“Yeah?  Well, you shouldn’t be sticking that sweet ass in my face?”
“I hate you!” she snarled.
“I love you,” he said and made kissing sounds.
She carried the cup of coffee over to Slamm and set it down hard enough to spill a little.  “Sorry,” she said.  “Free refills.”  She glared over her shoulder at the pincher.  “I wish that guy would stop coming in here.  I complained to the boss about him, but he told me to forget about it.  He said, the way business is, he’d have me serve Ted Bundy if he came in.”
Slamm stood up and walked down the length of the counter until he was standing next to the man with the newspaper.  The man shot a quick perusal up at Slamm and looked away at nothing.  He appeared to not know what to do with his hands that were resting on the counter with the thumbs turned up—like any slight gesture on his part might be misinterpreted.  He sat waiting and rigid as if expecting to have his face shoved into his pie.  Slamm hardly noticed.  He was accustomed to the reaction.
“Are you finished with that newspaper?” Slamm asked.
The man shoved the folded paper across the counter away from himself.  He remained looking down and rigid.
“Thanks,” Slamm said and took the paper back to his place at the other end of the counter.
The man stirred his coffee for a moment, self-consciously, then quickly tossed down the money due, got up and walked out leaving half a pie and half a coffee behind.  Slamm didn’t notice at the time.  He was busy flipping through the paper.
“Wow!” the waitress cheered as the door closed behind the working man with a jingle of the bell.  Wiggling back to Slamm’s spot, she placed a plate holding a triangle of apple pie and a fork down on the newspaper.
“Wow, what?” Slamm asked.  He looked at the pie.  It looked good—laced with brown, glazed crust.  Smelled good too.  “No, I said I didn’t want pie.”
She glanced over her shoulder at the kitchen portal.  “On the house,” she whispered.  “And thanks.”
“For what?”
“For running off that slime ball.”
Slamm glanced in the direction of the abandoned coffee and pie.  “I didn’t run him off.”
“The hell you didn’t.  You scared the holy crap out of him.  It was amazing.  You didn’t say anything.  You didn’t do anything.  You just stood there with your legs apart and your big shoulders hunched over, and the guy was about to faint.”
“All I wanted was the newspaper.”
“You’re kidding?”
“No, really, just the paper.”
“Oh.”
“Sorry.  You want the pie back?”  Slamm already had the fork in hand.
She smiled.  “No.” She laughed.  It was a wonderful sound.  “What’s your name?”
“Everybody calls me Slamm.”
“Why?  Cause you slam guys around?”
“No.  My legal name is Slamminsky.  I just dropped the insky.”
“Why?  You ashamed of it?”
“No, no.  It just keeps things simple.  Everybody calls me Slamm anyway.”
“You sure?”
“Yeah, yeah, I’m sure.”
“Okay.  I asked because my maiden name was Mickiewicz.”
“Did anyone ever call you Mickie?”
“Yeah, in school.”  She laughed wonderfully again.  “You made your point.”
She leaned on the counter again, and watched him eat.  “You know, you’re a good-looking guy, Slamm.  Kind of beat up though.  How did you get that scar that divides your eyebrow?”
Slamm looked up from the disappearing pie.  “Boxing.”
“Really?”  She dragged out the word.  “A fighter, huh?  That’s why you move the way you do.  That’s what scared the slime ball—the way you move.  Like you’re about to throw a punch.”
“I stopped fighting ten years ago when I found out that some of the guys I knocked out couldn’t tie their shoelaces anymore.”
“What about that deep scar on your chin?” she asked as she slid her finger across the diagonal groove.  “You didn’t get that boxing—too deep.”
“I fell off my tricycle when I was a kid.”  It was a lie, but it saved him from having to repeat an old, unpleasant story.
 “Oh, that’s disappointing.”  She pouted.  “What do you do now?”
Slamm tapped his finger on the newspaper.  “I read the help-wanted ads.”
Disappointed again, she backed away a little.  “Really? That’s too bad.  Did you lose your job?  What did you do?”
“I’m a private investigator without clients.  I haven’t had an assignment in nine weeks.”
“Wow! A private eye.  That’s neat.”  She patted his hand.  Her touch was feather light.  “It’s the economy.  A lot of people are hurting.  The soap factory shut down, and everybody in Manson is broke.”
“This town was never big enough to support an agency even in good times.  I’ve been doing the detective thing for seven years, just breaking even while working out of a rattrap of an office over on Lucky Street.”
She leaned in close again.  She also smelled good.  A womanly smell.  “I was working for a trucking firm making seventeen bucks an hour.  Got fired.  Now I’m working for tips in this greasy spoon.”  She bit her lip and glanced over in the direction of the kitchen.  The boss did not appear to have heard her.
“Hard times,” Slamm said.
“Hard times,” she confirmed.  “Hey, you want to get together this evening?”
“I’d like that, but I’m broke and you’re married.”
She shook her head.  “Not any more.  And I’m talking business.  Come over to my place after I get off work.  I have a job I’d like you to do for me.  You’re the right man for the job; that’s for sure.  I’ll pay you for doing it, if you’ll settle for ah…four hundred bucks.  That’s all I can afford.”
“What’s the job?”
She shook her head.  “I’m not going to tell you.  If I do, you might not want to do the job before I’ve had a chance to talk you into it.  You have to come to my place to find out.  I’ll arrive home at about three if I can get out of here on time.”  The bell over the door jingled, and a man and a woman came in and slid into a booth.  The waitress wrote her address on the back of a sale slip, smiled at Slamm, and wiggled away.
The bell jingled again, and Slamm watched a policeman walk in shaking the rain off his service cap.  The cop stopped in his tracks.  His scowl slid into a smile.  “Slamm,” he said.  “I’ll be damned.  You still hanging around this dead town?  I thought you were a swinger, man.”
“Hey, Leo,” Slamm said with a mouth full of apple pie and spitting crumbs.  “Doughnut time?”
The cop swung a long leg over the stool to the left of Slamm and flopped down.  “How you been, Slamm?  I haven’t seen you since you helped us out with that chop-shop thing over on the west side, and that’s been…how long?  Six months?   What have you been doing the last six months?”
“Not much.  Not much at all.”  Slamm paused to examine the cop’s blue-gray uniform.  The shoulder of the cop’s jacket showed three gold chevrons.  “Sergeant stripes?  What happened to your lieutenant bars?”
The big cop shrugged.  “You got to be careful when working with a female cop.”  His laugh was restrained.
“Yeah, the ladies have us in never, never land.  We don’t know what to do.”
“I’ll get the bars back.  The chief told me to leave them off for a year, or until the lady calms down.  Whichever comes first.”
Slamm drained his cup, set it down with a summoning thump, and smiled at the waitress, who seemed to be hiding in the far corner behind the counter.
She walked over carrying the coffee pot and another cup.  No wiggle this time.  She refilled Slamm’s cup and stood at silent attention before the cop.  He didn’t look up at her.  “Coffee,” he ordered.  She had the cup ready, filled it, and walked away.  No wiggle.
Slamm noticed.  “Old girlfriend?  Ex-wife?  Sister-in-law?”
“Don’t you know who that is?” the cop said under his breath.
“No.”
“That’s Ann Skully.  She cut her husband’s throat and got away with it.”

CHAPTER THREE

Jack Slamm’s office on Lucky Street was on the second floor of another soft-redbrick building dating back to William McKinley.  Two stories up over a dying book and magazine store, it had been his command post for the last seven years; although he had spent most of his working time in the streets, in his car, and mostly in the dark.  If he cared to, he could recall a hundred stories that had come walking in through his door with the frosted-glass window, but what would be the point? The past was gone.  Memories always become confabulated.  The renewal of his lease was due next month.  He wouldn’t renew it.  He couldn’t.
He sat behind his desk in his office waiting.  Ann Skully had said that she would arrive at her apartment at about three.  Although he had two weeks remaining on his lease, he looked about the office as if it were for the last time.  The office was small, about as commodious as a freight elevator and not any prettier with walls of plaster over brick painted a mousy-green, or maybe the walls were just dirty green.  Who cares?   Stationed off center to the only window, the cluttered metal desk was dark gray as was the nearby three-drawer filing cabinet containing only a bag of potato chips a bottle of aspirin, and a bottle of cheap whiskey.  All of Slamm’s files were on memory sticks.  He wasn’t completely out of date.
Slamm’s chair was made of wood and could rock back on a heavy spring allowing him to put his feet up onto the desk, something a private eye was suppose to do.  A local school had offered it for sale to the public along with other old school stuff when a levy passed and the school could afford new chairs and stuff.  Slamm bet that the old, scarred teacher’s chair could tell some stories too.  The visitor’s chair, waiting empty and dusty before Slamm’s desk, was metal, light brown and could fold up.  He couldn’t remember where he had picked up the fold-up chair.  Off somebody’s curb before the trash man got it, maybe.
Behind and a little to the left of Slamm was the naked window.  It framed a streetlight looking in.  A globe, shaped like a big egg with a little cap on top, was atop a baroque, cast-iron pole painted dark green.  Back in the office, a single fluorescent tube was fastened to the cracked ceiling.  A calendar, gratuitous from a mortuary, hung on the wall to the right of the desk.  There was nothing else.
Slamm looked around and laughed out loud.  He had been drinking. The bottle was now on the desk.  And he laughed at who he was seven years ago, as though he were laughing at somebody else.  What a fool.  What a dumb ass.  How in all delusional fantasy could he have managed to convince himself that he could make a go of it?  No start-up money.  Two years of criminal justice at Capital U.—on line—and paid for with the last of the money he had won busting guys heads.  A dreary, dilapidated office in a city with a population of only ten thousand.  Talk about your mad dreamer.
Still, he somehow had kept it going for seven years, found a lot of missing people, caught a lot of cheating spouses, exposed a lot of undeserving insurance claimants; but it was all done at a cut rate, keeping his head just above water.  Now the economy was down, and he was drowning.  He drank from the bottle one last gulp and put the bottle back in the cabinet.
2:10.  Slamm locked up the office.  It was a four-block walk to his ex-girlfriend’s attached garage.  If he were quick and lucky, he would back his Ford out of her garage and be down the driveway before she spotted him.  She wanted to start things up again.  He didn’t.
He was quick and lucky.  He made it out onto the street just as the ex-girlfriend came to the front door.  He pretended not to see her, and was gone.  He was a rat.  He knew it.
Visibility was poor.  Dark clouds hung over the city like dirty rags, and the now atomized mist sifting down was almost a fog.  Slamm rolled on slowly, ignoring the train of traffic queuing up behind him.  The address numbers were difficult to see.  He was searching for 238 Candle Street, which surprised him.  Candle Street was in a high-rent district.  How was it possible that Ann Skully, who poured coffee for tips, could afford to live in a higher-rent district than he?  The numbers crept by and individual residents began to predominate.  Large, solid houses with porches and manicured lawns.  Finally, there it was, 238, a red brick, but hard, machine-made brick, not more than fifty years old with black, decorative shutters divided by paneled windows, and with wide stone steps coming down onto a brick sidewalk.  A nice place in a nice neighborhood.  $1,000 to $1,200 a month easy.  A lot of tips.
  Slamm made a tight U turn to the other side of the street releasing the line of impatient cars behind.  They zipped by him with a few honks and a few finger gestures.  Slamm was indifferent.  A thousand tracking surveillances had disciplined him into indifference.  There was a parking spot almost directly across the street from Ann’s apartment.  He maneuvered into it and checked the time on his dash.  He was early, and he wished he could still afford the Spaghetti Western cigars he used to smoke on stakeouts.  Clint Eastwood looked so cool smoking those raggedy cigars, and they had a mellow taste.  Slamm loved old movies.
The mist became rain again as the sky continued to darken.  Condensation, emanating from himself, began to grow on his windshield fading his view to soft focus.  He wiped it away with the heel of his hand.  She was late.  It was three twenty.  No other car had parked after he had, and now there was a space for her, newly opened directly in front of the steps.  He leaned back and relaxed.  He couldn’t miss her arrival.
Three thirty.  She must be working over.  Slamm wiped the glass again and noticed something.  A blue Geo Metro, across the street and parked four cars ahead, also had misty windows.  Slamm wasn’t the only one waiting for some reason or for someone.
Another five minutes, but now Slamm had something to do, watch the other car with the misty windows.  Whoever was in the Geo was staying down out of sight—most of the time.  That was interesting.  The shadow of a head would pop up now and then, look around, and then sink back down below the windshield.  From under his driver’s seat, Slamm retrieved the super-size binoculars that he had borrowed from the Navy after his four years of service.  Peering through the powerful lens, the license tag on the Geo was the size of a billboard.  Private Detective Slamm copied the numbers and letters onto the pocket notebook that he always carried with him.  Always better to have too much information than not enough.  The head popped up again and sank back down.
Another ten minutes.  Three forty-five.  Ann must be stuck with an extra big cleanup Slamm speculated.  The cold rain increased as daylight decreased.  The shaggy gray sky was falling lower, pulling the color out of the World leaving it nearly monochrome.  Headlights were beginning to flash on as the traffic continued splashing by.  One pair of headlights pulled into the space before the apartment steps.  Slamm sat up out of his slouch.
It was Ann.  She hopped out into the hard rain and hurried for her door sheltered under a hanging gable.  Slamm was enjoying watching her hip movements as she patted across the wet sidewalk and climbed the stone stairs.  Then he heard a car door slam.
Out of the Geo, a man wearing white from the neck down was jogging in Ann’s direction.  There was determination in his gate.  Slamm jumped out of his Ford with the intention of intercepting the man in white, but the man had a good head start and was on the steps first.
Ann, hearing the man coming up behind her, glanced over her shoulder and was struggling to find the keys in her purse when the man reached out for her.  He had his hand tightly gripping Ann’s elbow when Slamm came up behind him.
“Get your hand off her, Bub,” Slamm demanded with his right hand coming down hard on the man’s shoulder and his left fist ready.
The man in white turned to face Slamm.  He was a kid—twenty maybe—and looked wide-eyed scared.  Slamm’s fist unfurled.
“Hey,” the kid complained weakly.  “Let go.”
Ann said, “It’s okay, Slamm.  Let him go.”
“You sure?” Slamm asked, but he dropped his hand from the kid’s shoulder.  The kid appeared to be harmless with a weak mouth under frightened eyes.
“Yes, it’s okay.”  She turned and looked wearily at the kid.  “Go to work, Freddie.  Stop coming around here.  You’re wasting your time chasing after me.”
“Who’s this guy?” Freddie demanded backing away from Slamm defiantly.
“My boyfriend.  He doesn’t want you coming around here anymore.”
“That’s right, Freddie.”  Slamm played along.  “Don’t be coming around here bothering my girlfriend anymore.  Got that?”
“I got it, but I don’t like it,” Freddie almost bawled.  “I love you, Ann.  This guy doesn’t love you as much as I do.  No one can.”
“Beat it!”  Slamm took a step in the kid’s direction.  The kid stumbled backwards down the steps and ran back to his car.  He stood by his car in the downpour as his white outfit pasted itself to his skinny body.   “I love you, Ann,” he called.  “I love you so much.”
“Go to work, Freddie,” Ann pleaded.  “You’re drowning.”
Finally, he was gone on screaming tires and a farewell blast from his horn.
“Who the hell was that poor sap?” Slamm asked.
“My stalker.  He thinks he’s in love with me.”
“Yeah, I picked up on that.  He screamed it three times,” Slamm said.  “What’s with the white costume?  He looks too dumb to be a male nurse.”
“He’s a cook.  He works at the same restaurant I do, but on the dinner shift.  The fool is late for work.”

CHAPTER FOUR

Ann’s apartment was on the second floor.  Three rooms and a bath.  Nice and cozy.  It was colorful but pastel.  Nothing blared; nothing looked hard.  Everything looked soft including Ann, who had disappeared from the living room and reentered wearing a pink, fuzzy bathrobe.  The only thing missing were bunny ears.
“I can’t wait to get out of that starched uniform,” she said almost apologizing for the delay.  She stopped in the middle of the room and smiled an amused smile.  “You don’t have to stand in the doorway dripping wet, Slamm.  Take your jacket off and sit down.  I have something to drink in the kitchen that will warm us up.  You like whiskey?  Be right back.”  The association was to be casual.  Nice.  Most of Slamm’s clients regarded his presents as a necessary evil.
Slamm chose a tan, plump armchair, hung his jacket from one side of the backrest, and sat down.  Across from him was a tan, plump sofa.  Before it, a light-brown, wood coffee table with a blue-grass top.  On the pale yellow walls were hung framed prints of famous paintings.  Van Gogh’s Starry Night arrested Slamm’s eye.  A Newton Crabbe acrylic looked to be an original.  Undulating Victorian bric-a-brac of genteel men and women, boys and girls danced on every flat surface.  There were pillows fringed with lace, fuzzy rugs fringed with tassels, and lamps shaded with stained-glass flowers.  Ann liked pretty things, expensive things.  Slamm was beginning to feel like a poor uncle.  He needed a haircut and a new pair of shoes.
Ann returned carrying two glasses and a bottle.  Slamm could see from across the room that it was better whiskey than he could afford.
She sat opposite on the matching tan, sofa and placed the drinking material on the coffee table at her knees which were poking out from under the pink, fuzzy robe.  The knees were also pink and not fuzzy.  She looked up at him.
“Come on, Slamm,” she groaned.  “This isn’t a first date.  Get over here where I don’t have to yell at you across the room.”
Slamm was beginning to like this sassy woman.  He joined her on the sofa.  “You got a nice place here, Ann.  Expensive furniture.  That looks like an original Newton Crabbe on the wall over there.”
“It is,” she admitted.  “It’s worth a lot of money.  Don’t tell anybody.  I don’t want anybody breaking in to steal it.”
“And you drink good stuff.”  Slamm went ahead and poured his own.  The glass was waiting.
“My late husband’s life insurance,” she explained.
“You working in that diner made me think you were broke.”  Slamm emptied his glass.  It was a smooth bourbon.  He didn’t wait for an invitation and poured himself another.  She could afford it he estimated, and he was thirsty.
“I am now.”  She poured herself one.  “You’re getting the last of it.”
If Slamm had felt like a heel before for being willing to take her hard-earned money, he now felt like the whole dirty shoe.  He leaned back from his accusing glass of whiskey.
“It’s okay, Slamm.  Don’t get all penitential.  Drink up.”  She poked him playfully with her elbow.  “I’ve got shoes worth four hundred dollars.  I went through my husband’s life insurance money like there was no tomorrow.”
Slamm picked up his drink but turned it slowly in his hand, considering, before finally taking a drink.  “What is it that you want me to do for you, Ann?”
 “I overheard what the cop said to you in the diner.  I didn’t murder my husband.  He was suffocating from anaphylactic shock.  I tried to open his airway with a knife and did a sloppy job of it.  But it made no difference.  He was dead before I started.”
“That was a big word.”
“Anaphylactic?  I heard it so much I now hear it in my sleep.  I was arrested and charged with murder, but it went only as far as the grand jury.  The medical examiner ruled the death accidental due to anaphylactic shock.  The district attorney and the cops were unhappy with the ruling, but they can go to hell.”
“What caused the, ah…shock?”
“Peanuts—for God’s sake.  Can you believe it?  Henry had a terrible allergic reaction to peanuts.  He couldn’t come closer than ten feet to a peanut without choking.  He carried a syringe containing an antidote all the time in case he accidently backed into a peanut.  The first time he forgot to carry it with him, he died.”
Slamm forced away his embarrassment and poured himself another drink.  It was damn good booze.  By comparison, what he was accustomed to drinking was battery acid.  “Where did the peanuts come from?”
“I wish I knew.  I think it was murder too, but somebody else did it.  He was eating my baked beans when he went into shock.  Somebody, somehow, put peanuts in with my baked beans.  The beans were leftovers from a cookout behind Tubb's bar where Henry would hang out.  I can’t think of any other way it could have happened.”
“Weren’t the beans examined by the forensic guys?”
“No.  Once the medical examiner ruled it accidental, the investigation stopped.  No one bothered to find out where the peanuts came from.  They’re not considered a lethal weapon.”
“Was there a circus in town?”
“Not funny, Wise guy.”
“Sorry.”  Another faux pas.  “Of course, you loved your husband.  I am sorry.”
Ann poured herself another drink.  “No, I actually despised him.  He was a brute.  He couldn't distinguish the difference between affection and hitting.”
“But you stayed with him.”
“Only so he wouldn’t kill me.  That’s no exaggeration.  I was scared to death of him.”
“It must have been hell.  How many years?”
“Three.  I felt like I was on death row.”  She turned away and dabbed her eyes.
Slamm took notice of the dabbing.  It seemed a little too melodramatic, but he felt obliged to express concern.  “Take it easy.  Everything is going to be okay.  If not, I’ll fix it,” he said before realizing how silly he would sound.
She stopped hiding her tears, looked at him with her big, flooded eyes, then rested her forehead against his shoulder, and cried.
It seemed to be a cry for a tender moment, so Slamm took the glass out of Ann’s hand, set it down on the coffee table, and pulled her into his arms.  He kissed her lips with everything he was feeling at the moment although he wasn’t sure what that was.  She didn’t resist, but remained limp in his embrace.  He held the kiss until he had to come up for air.
“That’s not being very responsible, Mr. Slamm,” she whispered with practiced ennui.
“I’m responding,” he whispered in turn.
“Let’s keep it business like.  Okay?” she said still limp and small in his arms.
“I thought I had picked up on some come-hither signals from you.”
“The only signals you picked up on were from your pituitary.  Let me go, Slamm.”
He opened his arms, and she fell back sinking into a fat pillow propped against the arm of the sofa.  Her long, weightless hair was in disarray.  Her full lips were still wet from his kiss.  Slamm turned away, sucked in a deep breath, and let it go.  He felt like an idiot and was looking at the door when she finally spoke.
“Got yourself all fired up for nothing, didn’t you, Slamm?”  Her voice was a mix of amusement and light ridicule.
“Yeah,” Slamm confessed.  He shook his head dismayed.
“Are you always so impulsive, or do you always get what you want?”
“Both,” he said and heard her laugh.  “Like you said: Let’s get back to business.”
She sat up fussing with her hair.  “Okay, detective, what do you need to know?”
“I still don’t know what you want me to do for you.”
“We’ll get to that, but first I want to give you some background so you’ll know what you’re getting into and who you’ll be dealing with.”
“Okay.  Fair enough,” Slamm said.  “So you think somebody murdered your husband.  What makes you think so?”  Slamm, still embarrassed, avoided her eyes.
Ann poured him a drink.  “Everybody who knew Henry hated him.  He was a powerful, mean bully.  But four people come immediately to mind as hating him the most.  And relax, Slamm.  You’re not the first guy to make a dumb pass at me.”
Slamm laughed at himself, picked up the drink, toasted her, and drank.  He sat the empty glass down and pulled his notebook out of his dark blue, Old Navy shirt.  “Give me their names, one at a time.”
“Ace Hecht. H-E-C-H-T.”
“Address?  Phone number?”
“Tubb’s Bar.  That's where he hangs out, and that’s all I know.  Oh, he and Henry were partners in crime.  I should tell you that, I suppose.”
Slamm scribbled away.  “Doing what?”
“High jacking trucks.”
“You knew about this?”
“Sure.”
Slamm looked at Ann.  She smiled.  He shrugged and went back to work.  “Why did Hecht hate Henry?”
“That brings up the next name—Molly Miller.  She’s Ace’s woman.  Henry jumped her bones.  Got her pregnant.”
“And that’s why Ace hated him.”
“Yeah, but not so much for getting her pregnant as for Henry talking Molly into having the baby and then selling the baby.  Even Ace thought that was a rotten thing to do.”
“You knew about this too?”
“After the fact.”
“Did you notify the authorities?”
“Why?  So the baby could be placed with children’s services?  She’s better off with the rich family who bought her.”
“Okay, I’m putting that one out of my mind.  What is Molly’s last name again?”
“Miller.”
“Molly Miller,” Slamm repeated as he entered the name.  “Address?”
“Tubb’s Bar.  She lives with Ace, so that’s all I know.”
“That’s convenient.  Why would Molly want to kill your husband if she was sleeping with him?”
“She’s a druggy.  Skull talked her into selling…”
Slamm interrupted, “Who?”
“Oh, Henry liked to be called Skull.  You know—Skully, Skull.  To everyone except me, Henry was known as Skull.  You should know that.  If anyone except me called him Henry, he got really mad.  Now he is a skull.”  She laughed.  Slamm shook his head.  “Anyway, Molly was willing to sell her baby for drug money.  Ace had stopped doling out money to her hoping she would sober up.  Once the drugs were all used up, she regretted selling her baby and blamed Skull for talking her into doing it.  He took half the money for himself—half of fifty thousand bucks.”
Slamm looked up from his notebook.  “You didn’t buy all of this pretty stuff in here with the proceeds from your husband’s life insurance.  A guy like that wouldn’t carry insurance.  The baby money bought everything.”
Ann looked away.  “Okay, I lied.  I was ashamed.  You going to quit me?”
“No.  A deal is a deal,” Slamm said.  “Believe it or not, I’ve dealt with worse crap than this.  But don’t lie to me again.
“Okay.”
“You want to kiss me again?  I’m starting to feel the whiskey.  I might go for it this time.”
Slamm didn’t answer.  “What’s the next name?”
“Ron Miller.  He’s Molly’s brother.  He hated Skull because his sister hated him.”
“Tubb’s Bar?”
“Tubb’s Bar.  Ron likes to be called Rod.  He thinks he’s tough, but he’s a punk.”
“Is everybody you know displeased with his name?”
“You should talk, Slamminsky.”
“Touché.”

CHAPTER FIVE

Ann moved about her apartment turning on her stained-glass lamps which then projected their colors onto the walls.  “Getting darker,” she said stepping up to a window and looking up into the gloom.
“When you asked me to do a job for you back at the diner, Ann, I thought you were wanting me to overhaul your car or install a new toilet and tub or some other dirty-hands job that woman don’t like to do.”  Slamm spoke from the sofa.  “But now I’m getting the idea you want me to solve a murder for four hundred dollars.  My expenses alone would gobble up four hundred bucks in no time.  For investigative work, I charge fifty five dollars an hour—and that’s ten dollars less than what the other PI’s charge.  If you want me to find out who killed your husband, I’ll need more.  At least a hundred a day just to stay even.”  Ann shook her head.  Slamm put away his notebook and said, “I’m sorry, but the best I can do for you is to run a background check on your suspects and hope I can turn up something you can use.  Then I’ve got to get out there in the mean world and find myself a job.”
Ann turned away from the window.  “I don’t want you to solve the murder of my husband.  What do I care?  That ship has sailed.”  She returned to the sofa where the stained-glass lamp behind her haloed her silky hair in both gold and red highlights.  “I’m afraid, Slamm.  The same people who hated my husband hate me.”
“So, you want a bodyguard.  For how long…the rest of your life?  I can’t live on four hundred dollars.  Not for long.”
“Damn you,” she blubbered burying her face in her hands.  “Is my life that cheap?”
Slamm couldn’t tell if it were an act or not.  It didn’t matter.  He couldn’t afford to give away his time, even to keep her safe.  Again, he would have to leave like a rat as soon as he thought of a graceful way to get out the door.  He was already thinking about an item in the Help-Wanted ads—a security job.  “Thanks for the drinks.”  Slamm came to his feet.  “I’m really very sorry that I can’t…”
“Wait a minute!  Can’t you wait a damn minute?” she said coming to her feet.  The tears were real.  If she were acting this time, she deserved an Oscar.  “Give me a minute to get a hold of myself.  I’m all stressed out.”
“Okay, take it easy.  I’m listening.”  He sat back down.  Ann followed.
 “All I want you to do is talk to those people so they don’t think I’m helpless.”  She was sobbing now.  “So they think I got somebody to protect me.  So they think I’m not alone.  So they don’t think they can just walk in here and kill me like one of them killed Henry.”
“Talk to them?”
“Yes.  Scare the hell out of them like you did that rude guy in the restaurant.  Like you did poor Freddie.  I’ll bet when you walk down the street men step out of your way.  You’re so awesomely tough.  Looking at you, no one could guess what a sweet guy you really are.”
“Come on.  Cut out the cajolery.  So you just want me to give each one of them the impression that you’re my earnest concern?  That’s all?  Four hundred bucks.”
“That’s it.  Just make sure that Molly, Ron, and Otto think that you’ll be very unhappy if anything happens to me.”
“Wait a minute?  Who’s Otto, and what happened to Ace?”
“I forgot to mention Otto.  He hates me too.”
“Wonderful.  Where will he be?  Tubb’s?”
“No, in his pawn shop on Industrial Street and Walnut.”  Ann turned off the tears like tightening up a dripping faucet, and poured two more drinks.  “Ace is another story.  You’re not going to scare Ace.  Nothing scares Ace.  The best you can hope for is to convince him that to kill me he will also have to go to the trouble of killing you too, which might be a little more difficult.  He might not be that interested.  He doesn’t hate me.  His woman does.  Still, he’s very dangerous.”
“I can take care of myself.”
“I’m sure you can, but you don’t know Ace.  He’s like nobody else in the World.  If he wants you dead, you’re dead.  And he’s so smart that nobody can do anything about it—including the cops.”
“Baloney.”
“You’ll find out differently when you try to talk to him.”
“If he’s that difficult, it will help if I have some leverage.  Do you have anything I can threaten him with?  You know—like ‘Talk to me or I’ll tell the cops what you did.’”
“Yeah, plenty, but that approach will just get you killed for sure.”
“Like I said, I can take care of myself.”
“He’ll kill you.”  Ann paused to take a drink.  “Try this instead.  Tell him you know where his mother is, and, if he’ll talk to you, you’ll tell him where.”
“Explain.”
“Like most criminals, he’s a mamma’s boy.  He’s devoted to a mother who wants nothing to do with him.  She moved, leaving no forwarding address because she was sick of having him slobbering all over her trying to squeeze out some motherly affection, which she doesn’t have.  He’s going nuts trying to find her.”
“And you know where she lives?”
“Yes.”
“How?”
“About a year ago, I ran into her while shopping downtown Columbus.  We shared a cab.  When I got out first, I heard her give the cabby her address.”
“You remember it after a year?”
“Sure, it was easy to remember.  Twenty two Orr Street, in Columbus.”
“Four hundred bucks just to talk to four people.  Now, I feel like I’m ripping you off.”
Ann smiled although her tears hadn’t yet dried.  “Okay, now were back in business,” she sighed.
Slamm felt better too.  It would have been rough walking out on a crying woman.  It always was.  “Why would these people hate you?  If they know you at all, they must know you were Henry’s victim more than anything else.”
“Molly is burning up with jealousy.  All the money she got for selling her baby went up her nose in a hurry and was gone.  But after Henry was dead, I took what was left of the money and lived it up.  I had a ball.  My mother and I did the World.  Paris, the French Riviera, Greece, Hong Kong, Brazil.  Mother loved Paris.  I loved Cartagena, Spain.  The music, the food was so…”
Slamm interrupted, “Yeah, good time.  Ron hates you for the same reason, I suppose.”
“Yes.  He and Molly are joined at the head.”
“What?”
“Figuratively.” 
“Otto?”
“Henry was supposed to give Otto a cut of the baby money.  Otto, through his many connections, knew about the childless couple out in Colorado.  He made the arrangements.  Molly paid Otto from her share.  Henry didn’t.”
“And when Henry died, Otto thought you should cough it up.”
“Right, but by then it was gone.  Money means everything to Otto.  You could steal his wife, and he might let you live.  But not his money.”
Slamm poured himself another shot of Ann’s good whiskey.  He now felt he deserved it.  And he was feeling pretty good.  “Okay,” he said and swallowed the whiskey.  “Back to Ace.  Why does he hate you?”
“I said he doesn’t, and you’re drunk.  I think he likes me.  But he might kill me to keep Molly’s mouth shut.  From what I hear, she’s trashing me twenty-four seven.  Bitch!”
“That seems kind of thin.”
“Not for Ace.  It doesn’t take much.  Life doesn’t mean anything to Ace.  Not even his own.”
“Sounds like a jerk.  I can handle jerks.” Slamm stood up.  “Do you know anybody in the World who isn’t homicidal, Ann?”
“Not in the world Skull introduced me to.”
“All right.  We’ve got a deal.  But I’ll level with you, Ann.  It all seems pretty thin to me.  I think you’ve worried yourself into being phobic.”
Ann stood up.  She reached into the oversized pocket in her pink, fuzzy bathrobe and held out four one-hundred dollar bills.
Slamm hesitated then slid the bills out of her hand.  “I don’t feel good about this—about taking your money.  I may have trouble sleeping tonight.”
“Me too,” she said.  “I’m sending you into harm’s way.  Ace is especially dangerous.”
“So, there’s enough guilt to go around?”
“Oh, yeah.”
Slamm was about to move away when Ann grab hold of his shirt.  “Kiss me again, Slamm, now that I’m drunk and have an excuse.”  She pulled herself near.
“One for the road,” Slamm said.  He didn’t want another involvement with another delusional woman like his last one.  He wrapped her in his arms and kissed her.  She melted against him.
  When the kiss ended, she held on.  “Now hold me tighter, Slamm.  Tighter!” she demanded.  “Come on, Big Guy.  I won’t break.  Tighter!  Tighter!  Make me feel safe for the moment.”

Slamm stepped from the bright, warm, pink fuzziness of Ann’s Easter-egg apartment into the cold, dim loneliness of the street where the rain pelted him with reality, and he realized that Ann had played him like a jew’s-harp.  Boing, boing.  The smiles, the tears, the whiskey, the kiss.  The poor-little-helpless-me, and the big-strong-brave-you routine. Why did she think the performance was necessary?  The money would have been sufficient.  Something else was going on.  Maybe it wasn’t such a great deal after all.  Maybe he would know after he sobered up.
The streetlights were coming on section by section up and down Candle Street.  Their sharp illumination shimmered in rushing runnels and scintillated in the spreading puddles, and there was the somber purl of moving water everywhere.  This was more like his world—cold and damp and noir.  He didn’t belong in warm, pink, fuzzy places where a man can become distracted and silly and go around kissing sassy women he doesn’t know.  He climbed into his car with a clearing mind and a resolve to buy himself a goddamn hat.

CHAPTER SIX  

Tubb’s Bar was in the phone book, but only in the white pages.  It was located on Industrial Street, which was in reality an old industrial alley that squeezed between the backsides of abandoned factories, machine shops and garages.  Only the cinderblock bar itself faced the alley with a neon Budweiser sign glowing blue through a clear square in the otherwise black-painted window.  The only other lights in the alley were dim, yellow bulbs providing faint security over back doors and at the tops of angle-iron fire escapes.  Vehicles of various descriptions were parked wherever a space was available—between buildings, on ramp ways, on rubble-filled lots.  Slamm noted that an unlikely percentage of them had temporary tags, and most were vintage.  Slamm found a spot next to a dumpster.
Muffled acid rock made its way through the heavy, metal door of the bar and, when he pulled the door open, the roar hit Slamm in the face like an airbag.  The volume of the pseudo-music made his teeth hurt.  His eyes weren’t doing any better.  There was enough smoke in the air to cure ham; and, by the smell of it, he knew it didn’t all come from burning tobacco.  The patrons at the bar or at the tables, seen through the haze, were like hunched-over living dead stupefied by one intoxicant or another or both or several.  Slamm was getting high just trying to breathe.  A red Redtop Beer sign over the bar provided the only interior light, which ignited the fumatory atmosphere producing a scene reminiscent of Dante’s Inferno.  If ever there were a preview of perdition, this was it.  Slamm stepped in.
One of the living dead, spotting Slamm, staggered in his direction while sucking on a bottle of beer and, coming to a wobbly stop at a confrontational distance, looked Slamm up and down.  Slamm looked him up and down.  The man wore enough leather to outfit an ox, and he wasn’t any prettier.
“You don’t belong in here, Man,” the ugly man shouted against the pseudo-music.
“Sure I do,” Slamm shouted back.  “My leather suit is in the cleaners.”
The ugly man raised an eyebrow revealing a very red eye.  “You’re a wise ass, ain’t ya?”
“I’m looking for Ace.  Are you Ace?” Slamm shouted, and his throat was getting sore.
The ugly man was obviously astonished by the question and stumbled back a step.  “Me?  You think I’m Ace?”  His tone suggested that Slamm’s assumption was beyond the ridiculous.
This aroused in Slamm the suspicion that, big as the man in leather was, Ace must be much bigger, and probably wears more leather.  Slamm surveyed the room for a bigger man but found none.  “Where’s Ace, Man?  You’re wasting my time.”  Slamm was through playing.
“Suppose I waste your face, Man?”  He shoved Slamm hard with his free hand.
“Don’t do that.  That’s not nice.  And I’m going to ask you only one more time, where’s Ace?”
“He’s behind that door.”  The ugly man thumbed over his shoulder at the far wall.  “But you ain’t going through that door.  You’re going back through the door you came in.”  He shoved Slamm harder, knocking him back into a good stance.
“Your shoestring is untied, Man,” Slamm shouted, pointing down.
The ugly man looked down even though he was wearing boots.  Slamm grabbed the bottle of beer and shattered it over the man’s shaved head.  The ugly man looked up, bloodied but more surprised than hurt.
Slamm followed with a solid punch to the center of the man’s face.  The man responded by rolling up his eyes and falling down.
A few of the patrons gave the commotion a cursory glance then returned to the asylum of their stuporous states.  Slamm stepped over the man’s spread-eagle body and headed for the backroom door.
“I wouldn’t go in there if I was you, Good-looking,” a woman’s voice rose above the din.  It came from behind the bar.
Slamm stopped and turned towards the bar where he could see through the haze a woman once pretty but no more.
“Yeah?  Who says?”
“Name’s Ruth.  I own the place.  Been working here since my Tubby died, and I ain’t seen nobody walk into that room uninvited and come out on his feet.”
Slamm smiled.  “Thanks for the tip, Ruth.  Appreciate it,” he shouted back.  “But I like to surprise people.  It makes them laugh.”  Slamm continued on.
The door swung out disclosing a small room lit better than the barroom by a naked light bulb hanging over a barroom table strewn with playing cards, money, and a bottle of amber-colored delight.  The room appeared to have been the front office for another business years ago.  Concrete blocks filled in spaces where there had once been a window and a door.
There were four seated around the table—a man not unlike the ugly man on the barroom floor, a skinny man and a skinny woman, who looked like they didn’t belong—no leather—and a huge hominid, more beast than man, who, Slamm concluded, must be Ace.
The hominid looked up at Slamm.  It had no brow, a heavy, chinless jaw, close-set black eyes the size of collar buttons, and, protruding from a black leather vest, arms the size of railroad ties.  There were rings coruscating on eight of his hairy fingers.  Each ring had a diamond the size of a garbanzo bean.
This guy worried Slamm.  He was sure that, if necessary, he could out-punch the bulky hominid, but would it go down?  And getting hit in the face with a fist full of diamonds wouldn’t be much fun either.
With a nod of its head, the hominid motioned to the other man across the table and said, “Get rid of him.”  He had the voice of a coffee grinder.
The other man in leather stood up and, with no hesitation, rushed Slamm headlong.  Slamm sidestepped him, and the man ran out through the open doorway into the bar area where he stood for a moment looking kind of silly.  He turned to rush back in but ran into Slamm’s left fist.  His eyes rolled up, and he went down.  Slamm kicked the man’s feet out of the way and closed the door.
“You Ace?” Slamm asked politely.
With a weary sigh, the beast-man threw his handful of cards down onto the table and stood up and up.  The skinny couple, dressed in dirty T-shirts, stumbled over their chairs fleeing from the table to the far wall.  Their eyes were wide with the terror of what was about to transpire.
Throwing his chair out of his way, the beast-man took a step towards Slamm.  Slamm said, “I know where your mother is.”
The beast-man stopped in his tracks.  “What?”
“If you’re Ace, I know where your mother is living.”
“My mother?”  The man was stupefied.
“Yeah.  That’s the woman whose body you came out of.  You probably don’t recall the occasion.”
The man recovered.  “Okay, I’m Ace.  Spill it.”
“First we need to talk.”  Slamm smiled.
“Spill it, or I’ll beat it out of you.”  Ace took another step.
“You could try, but then, win or lose; I won’t tell you the truth.”  Slamm held his smile.
“Who the hell are you?”
“The name is Slamm.  I’m a private investigator.”
Ace rubbed his stubbled, chinless jaw.  “Slamm,” he pondered.  “You Jack Slamm, the cruiserweight contender about nine or ten years ago?”
“Ten years ago.”
“Yeah, yeah.  I thought you looked familiar.”  He laughed, and it sounded like somebody being strangled.  “That explains that knockout left hook.  Where’s my mom?” 
“My feet hurt, Ace.  I’ve been on them most of the day.”
“Yeah, yeah, sure, sit down, Slamm.”  Ace picked up the chair that he had thrown up against the wall and sat down at the table himself.  “You two!” he barked in the direction of the skinny couple still clinging to the wall.  “Out!”  They raced each other for the door.  “And close the goddamn door on your way out.  I don’t want that stink in here.”  Ace, returning his attention to Slamm, lowered his voice respectfully.  “So, why did you quit the ring, Slamm?  You were good.  You were real good.”
Slamm sat down.  “I started too late.  I was getting too old—thirty-three.  Anyway, there was no way I was going to take the title away from Virgil Hill.  I was good, but I wasn’t that good.”
“I don’t know, Slamm.  You were plenty good.  I lost five grand betting against you when you went up against Tom Jackson.  He had twenty pounds on you.”
“Yeah, but he kept dropping his right, and I’m left handed.”
Ace leaned back in his chair.  “Okay, Slamm, we talked.  Where’s my mom?”
Slamm lifted the bottle of amber delight from the table and rotated it to see the label.  “Son-of-a-bitch!  Does everybody drink better whiskey than I do?”
Ace released a heavy sigh.  “Have a goddamn drink and tell me where my mom is, Slamm.”
Choosing a dry shot glass on the table, Slamm poured himself a drink.   He always took his perquisites wherever he could find them.  “Did you murder, Skull, Ace?”  Slamm’s tone was rich with nonchalance.
“What the hell?  No.”
“You can tell me.  I’m no nark.”
“His wife killed him.  Everybody knows that.  What are you trying to pull, coming in here and asking me that?”
“She says she didn’t do it.”
“She did it.  She hated him.  Everybody knew that too, including him.  She cooked peanuts into his baked beans and cut his throat for good measure.”
“Peanuts?”  Slamm decided to play dumb.
“Yeah, peanuts.  Wild, huh?  Skull was super allergic to peanuts.  He couldn’t come closer than ten feet of a peanut without putting his life at risk.  She cooked peanuts into his beans.  That way he couldn’t taste them—I guess.  That’s my theory anyway.  His windpipe got tighter than a Pygmy virgin, and he suffocated.  Who else could have done it?”
Slamm shrugged.  “She says she didn’t do it.  And she’s worried that whoever did do it, might want to kill her too.”
Ace put his hands on the table and leaned forward ready to stand up.  “You threatening me?”
“I’m just getting the word around that, if anybody wants to get at Ann Skully, he has to get past me first.”
“I’m going to kill you, Slamm,” Ace said, but he sat back.  “But not right now.  Where’s my mom?”
 “Ann gave me the names of four people who hated Skull enough to kill him.  You’re one of them.  Why did you hate him, Ace?”  Slamm realized something.  He had accomplished his purpose for imposing on Ace, and now he was trying to solve the murder.  Professional enthusiasm he suspected.  Or maybe he was just curious.  Or maybe something else.  Ann had pretty, pink knees.
“I said I’m going to kill you.”  Ace’s predatory eyes glinted under the naked light bulb.
“I heard you.  So why did you hate Skull?”  Slamm tilted the bottle against the shot glass again, with a steady hand, but he felt his heart thump a little faster.
Ace’s astonished face twisted into a ghastly half smile.  He chuckled.  “Are you going to drink the whole damn bottle, Slamm?”
Slamm pushed the bottle across the table.  Ace poured and drank without taking his eyes off Slamm.  He said, “You got some rocks coming in here and accusing me of murder.”
“You’ve got some rocks yourself,” Slamm said pointing at Ace’s glittering fingers.  “I might just kill you for those rocks and retire.”
The two men laughed.  Ace pushed the bottle towards Slamm.  “Sure, I’ll tell you why I hated him.  Why not?  You don’t have long to live.”
Slamm sat back and looked attentive.
“That miserable son-of-a-bitch plugged my woman without asking.  Got her pregnant.  Then he sold his own baby like it was a bag of crack.  It sets me on fire just to think about it.  That poor little kid, out there somewhere.  Who knows what they’re doing with the baby.”  Ace wiped away a tear.  “Poor little thing.”
Slamm was about to speak when he became aware that his mouth was hanging open.  It’s not every day one sees a homicidal ape-man cry. “You, ah, you don’t know what happened to the baby?”
“Hell, no.”  Ace rubbed his eyes with his thumb and index finger.  “I’d go and get her back if I did.  Poor little thing could be dead.”
“Doesn’t Molly know?”
“Hell, no.  She’s so stoned all the time, she thinks Elvis is still alive.”
“I’m surprised that you’re concerned about the baby.”
Ace almost stood up again.  “Why?  Because I look like an ape?  I like babies and little things.  I got a kitty at home.”  He sank back down into his chair.  Slamm slid the bottle to him, and Ace poured himself a drink and slid the bottle back.  “It’s big people I don’t like.  The ones that the world has gotten to, and it’s too late.  Goddamn it!  Where’s my mom, Slamm?”
“Why didn’t you kill Skull?  You’re ready to kill me over nothing.”  Slamm poured himself a drink,”
“Huh?  Oh, yeah.  Skull,” Ace said coming out of a reverie.  They were both getting drunk.  “The only reason I didn’t shoot the bastard was because we were making so much bread working together.”
“What kind of work were you and Skull doing?”
“More damn questions?  You investigating a killing or writing my biography?”
Ann was right.  Ace was a lot smarter than he looked.  He knew what Slamm was up to.  Slamm said, “Last go-a-round.”
“Okay.  Last time.  Then I twist your balls until you tell me where my mom is.”  He motioned for the bottle, and Slamm realized they were in a drinking contest.  Slamm obliged.  “We were hijackers,” Ace began.  Skull drove our panel truck and was real good at forcing the big rigs off the road—none better.  I would scare the hell out of the driver while Skull would force open the trailer.  Then he and Ron would unload the goods.”
“Ron?  I heard he’s called Rod.”
“Only by himself.  Rod!  That piece of puke.  I let him live only because he’s my woman’s brother.  I wish she would take a bath.”
“Was that Ron and Molly sitting in here?”
“Yeah.  You want to hear the rest of it, or not?”  Ace was obviously enjoying the conversation.
“Shoot.  Not literally.”
“Ha, funny,” Ace smirked.  “Skull would always beat up the driver.  Wasn’t necessary, but he liked doing it.”  Ace poured himself a drink and slid the bottle to Slamm.  “We took only small, expensive stuff, stuff that was easy to hide, easy to move.  Mostly it was electronic stuff.  Why steal a car engine weighing a ton when you can steal a small crate full of play-stations worth more?”
“You had to have somebody inside the trucking terminal tipping you off when the right stuff was rolling.”
“We had five guys and a woman working inside six different terminals.  We were a big operation,” Ace boasted and smiled a crooked smile.  “Those were good days.  Didn’t know what to do with all my money.”  He wiggled his diamond-graced fingers.
Slamm doubted that jacking trucks could buy Ace’s array of king-size diamonds, but didn’t pursue it.  “I’m guessing that the woman worked in the office filling orders, but what did the men do?”
“Loaders, of course.  You know.  The guys driving the forklifts and loading the stuff.  That’s hard work.  I had to give them a big cut, but that was okay.  We made plenty of bread.”
“Nobody got wise?”
“Nah, we were smart about it.  Now and then we would jack a truck full of toilet paper, or flowerpots, or something like that to throw everybody off.  Nobody ever got wise.  Skull would always beat up the driver, so they knew it was us.  Those were good days.”  He sighed.
“Was the woman working in the office Ann Skully?”
Ace chuckled.  “That’s right.  You’re working for a crook, Slamm.”  Ace leaned across the table.  “Why do you need to know so much?”
“Hey, I’m a trained, licensed investigator.  I ask a thousand questions hoping one or two answers will be useful.”
“Yeah, yeah, very big deal.  Where’s my mom?”
“Walk me out to my car.  When I’m in my car with the motor running, I’ll tell you where your mother is.”
“Hell’s fire, Slamm, I can’t kill you if we do it that way.”
“No offense.”
“I hope you’re not bluffing, Slamm.  I hope you really know where my mom is.  Don’t be driving off without telling me.  I’ll find you.”
“I don’t like being threatened either, Ace.”  Slamm stood up.
Ace stood up.  “So?”
“You got a gun on you?”
“Sure.”
“Me too.”  Slamm unzipped his bomber jacket.  “You want to settle it right now?”  While he was ready, Slamm needed to know if Ace were serious or not.
Ace smiled.  “You’ve watched too many cowboy movies, Slamm.  And I know you’re fast.  I’ve seen you fight.”
Slamm took a stance.  “What are we doing?”
Ace continued smiling.  “We’re walking out to your car.”  He turned for the door.  “I’ll go first.  Ain’t that nice?”
When Ace walked out into the bar area, everyone took notice and made way, even those who were having difficulty standing.  Slamm followed.  The two men whom Slamm had punched sat on the floor with their heads between their knees.  Ace looked down at them while passing.
“You should never have quit the ring, Slamm.  You could kill a man with that left of yours.”
“That’s another reason why I quit.”
Once outside in the alley, Ace, slick as a buttered eel, fell behind Slamm as Slamm maneuvered his way across the rain-flooded alley towards his Ford.  Slamm was glad to see his car was still there by the dumpster, but he was a little worried about Ace following close behind.  Slamm could sense Ace thinking, considering.
Reaching under his jacket, Slamm wrapped his left hand around the grip of his .32 caliber Beretta Tomcat holstered under his arm.  And, sure enough, when Slamm arrived at his car door, he felt the cold kiss of a gun barrel come up against the nape of his neck.  Slamm felt his body lock into a rigid stance, and he was suddenly sober—almost.
“Where’s my mom, Slamm?”  Ace’s drunken slur sprinkled Slamm’s neck with drool.
“If I tell you, what’s to stop you from shooting me?  So I’m not telling you until I’m in the car.”
“I admire you, Slamm.  You were a top-grade fighter.  But you got me running off at the mouth to impress you.  Now you know too much.  I’m really sorry.”
Slamm turned around, and Ace’s gun was now in Slamm’s face.  It was a big, 1911-A Colt .45—semi-automatic but single action.  “Well, Buddy, I can’t tell you where your mommy is if I’m dead, so it looks like we’ve got ourselves a standoff.”
“No we don’t.  You’ll tell me.  It’s just a question of how many parts I’ll have to shoot off of you first.”  Ace stopped wobbling when he heard a metallic click and looked down to see Slamm’s gun pointed at his gut.
“My hammer is cocked, Ace.  Yours isn’t.  I didn’t hear it, and you know you have to cock that thing to get of the first shot, don’t you? ”
Ace grinned a sardonic grin.  “Yeah, but I’m drunk.  That’s a cute little pea shooter you got there.”
“I like it.  It’s lightweight, and carries eight hollow-nosed slugs, each with sixty grains of bang.  The slugs will expand to the size of mushrooms and blow a hole in you that you could put a mop handle through.”
“Hey, I’m impressed.  Want to trade?”
“Nah, I’ll just take that antique of yours off your hands.  Butt first,” Slamm ordered pressing his .32 against Ace’s gut.
Ace continued smiling as he rolled the Colt over and held it for Slamm to take.  Slamm took hold of it and used it to shove Ace back three paces.  Slamm holstered his .32.
“I’m disappointed in you, Ace.  I thought we had developed a nice rapport.”  Slamm removed the clip from the Colt and tossed the clip ten feet away.  He then yanked back the slide sending a .45 cartridge flying off into the darkness.
“We did.  We did.” Ace confirmed.  “But old habits are hard to break.  And I’m really drunk.”
Slamm handed the Colt back to a flabbergasted Ace, climbed into his Ford, and started the engine.
“I don’t suppose you’ll tell me where my mom is now,” Ace shouted against the driver side window.
Slamm rolled the window down.  “A deal’s a deal, Ace.  Twenty two Orr Street, Columbus.”  Slamm rolled the window up and drove away.

CHAPTER SEVEN

The determined rain continued as a downpour then changed to a drizzle, to a mist, and back to a downpour as a broken cloud cover moved over the city like a torn shroud.  The rain kept most citizens and their troublemaking out of sight, providing the mean streets of lower Manson with empty respite.  Most citizens that is.  But Slamm had traveled only a short distance across the shimmering streets from Tubb’s when he became aware that he was being followed and followed by somebody stupid.  The headlights in Slamm’s rearview mirror mimicked his every move and at a precise distance.  Slamm, who had made a living trailing people, had to laugh.  His car and the car behind couldn’t be more synchronized if they were connected by a chain, so it was easy to slip under a yellow traffic light timing it so that the light would turn red as the car behind entered the intersection.  The driver behind had the options of stopping or risking the remote possibility of a cop’s scrutiny.  The other driver stopped and backed up.  He couldn’t risk it.  Another criminal with an outstanding warrant or two or three, Slamm supposed.  Or a very conscientious citizen.
Slamm turned right onto a street aptly named Narrow Street, continued another block, backed into an alley, cut his lights, and waited.  The following car, a black Toyota, flashed by.  Slamm pulled out behind it and watched it rushing well ahead, but no matter.  Narrow Street was a dead end.
Ahead, the Toyota’s break lights flared red and shimmied.  Slamm could hear the distant scream of its tires.  Dumb ass.  Slamm stomped on the accelerator—surprise confuses an enemy—and, with his brights clicked on, spun towards the Toyota now attempting to revert direction.  Slamm’s Ford slid to a stop not more than four yards from the struggling Toyota.  His brights filled the interior of the car ahead with blinding light.  There were two inside.
Slamm pulled his Beretta and climbed out into the rain again.  And again, he decided that he really needed a hat, a big fedora like in the old movies.  The kind Bogart would wear.  Slamm loved old movies, and faithfully watched Turner Classic Movies before his cable service was discontinued for lack of payment.
Slamm did a Bogart grimace and approached the passenger side door.  He knew the two would expect him to show up on the driver’s side.  Slamm was right.  When he peered in through the passenger side window, both Ron and Molly were rubbernecking over their left shoulders.
Slamm surveyed their hands, the seat.  There was no gun in sight—just a lot of fast-food trash and scattered beer cans.  Slobs.  Wiping the rain from his eyes, Slamm rapped his .32 against the passenger side window and watched the two inside jump up, almost banging their heads on the ceiling.  They turned their heads, and their eyes bulged as they became aware of the dripping .32 glaring at them through the window.
Slamm allowed the two to cringe for a moment; then he rotated his gun counterclockwise to indicate that he wanted Molly to roll the window down.  For a good five seconds, Molly’s eyes rotated along with the rotating gun until she finally caught on and the window slid away.  She looked up at Slamm’s Bogart grimace, squinting as the rude rain pelted her gaunt face.
“Why are you two birds following me?” Slamm demanded while suppressing a grin.
“We’re not following you.  We want to talk to you.  We want to make a deal,” Molly pleaded and Ron bobbed a nervous head for assurance.
“Yeah?  Well, why didn’t you flash your lights or tap the horn?”
The two in the Toyota looked at each other dumbfounded.
“Never thought of it, huh?” Slamm said.  “Okay.  There’s an all-night coffee shop a mile up the main street.  Meet me there.”
Both Ron and Molly bobbed their heads like dashboard dolls, and Slamm returned to the seat of his Ford.  “Dumb asses,” he repeated aloud as he shook the rain off his gun before holstering it.  Before he had spotted the Toyota behind him, Slamm was on his way back to Ann’s apartment, but that would have to wait.  He wanted her to explain why she thought it possible that Ace put the peanuts in the beans.  Obviously, killing someone with peanuts was not Ace’s modus operandi.  Shooting Skull in the face would have been more his style.  She had to know that.  There had to be another reason why she wanted Slamm to gamble his life annoying Ace.  Oh, well.  Another time would do.  Slamm was wet and cold.  A hot cup of hot joe would hit the spot.
Slamm arrived first and took a padded booth at the far end of the almost empty coffee shop.  Another wet all-nighter sat at the counter staring into a cup of coffee and minding his own business.  The warm, close interior was all shiny chrome or yellow paneling; and the skinny, ageing, tired waitress was in a matching-yellow dress under a stained apron.  She had a yellow pencil protruding from her gray hair.  Slamm guessed she was a working widow.  She had that weary, broken look to go with her wedding ring.
Slamm didn’t have to order.  The waitress/coffee maker knew what he wanted.  He was a regular, and she was glad to see him.  Night people, like Jack Slamm, kept the coffee shop open and her employed—supplementing her social security, Slamm surmised.  The show windows were heavily steamed up from the hot coffee ambiance.  The Toyota’s approaching headlights lit the windows up from top to bottom before fading to black.
Ron and Molly entered shaking the rain off themselves and gawking around like they had just stepped through Alice’s looking glass.  A coffee shop was not their milieu.  And the fluorescent lighting was not flattering to their bloodless skin, the complexion of the confirmed addict.  Their faces looked greenish.  Ron wore a black T-shirt over ragged denims in October.  He was the multi-tattooed type of hoodlum who would be shirtless from spring to fall.  Molly displayed a little more sense with a denim jacket over denim pants.  Their clothes needed laundering, or, better still, burned.  They stunk across the table as they slid into the seat opposite Slamm.  They were skinny and gaunt, and, if they were ever healthy, they now looked like death warmed over.  The living dead again.
Ron leaned forward on the table eager to talk when the waitress set a mug of coffee and a plate with a couple of stick doughnuts on the table between Slamm’s hands.  She then looked at the two smelly strangers and forced a smile.  They ignored her, so she spoke up.  “What can I get you two?”
Interrupted, Ron sneered, “If we wanted a fucking thing, we’d let you know.  Okay?”
The waitress’s smile dropped, and she shifted her weight to turn away when Slamm said with menacing gentility, “Order something.”
“What?”  Ron kept his sneer.
“I said; order something—both of you.”
“We don’t want anything,” Molly mumbled deferentially. 
“Order something, or I’ll knock you into the next booth.” 
 The man at the counter looked over his shoulder, and Ron and Molly looked wide-eyed at each other.  The skinny drug-wasted man could not comprehend what was happening.  Molly was a little sharper.  “Two coffees,” Molly said saving Ron.  The waitress’s smile returned directed at Slamm, and she walked away.
“So what’s the deal?” Slamm said like nothing had just happened.
Molly had to speak.  Ron was still confused.  “We want you to do a job for us.”
“I’m busy with a client.”  Slamm dismissed the deal.  What could the two losers possibly pay?  He dunked one of the stick doughnuts into his coffee, took a bite, and glanced up at the pie-size clock on the wall.  It was late.  Slamm was about to tell the two to get lost.
“We’ll pay you three thousand dollars,” Molly said.
Slamm set his damaged doughnut down.  “All at once?”
Molly picked up, from her seat, a shinny, red purse that didn’t match her dirty denims at all; and set it down on the table with a heavy clunk.  She opened the purse and fingered out a roll of bills the size of a two-week’s vacation in Vegas.  The open purse also revealed the handle of a revolver.  A big one, judging by the clunk.
“Saying I am interested, what kind of a job are you talking about?”
“We just want you to find something for us.  We have no idea how long it will take you to find it.  Even if it takes only five minutes, you can still have the three thousand.”
“What is it you want me to find?”
“Some papers.  They’re in a manila envelope covered with a lot of tape and with confidential written in felt marker across the front of it.”
“What are the papers?”
Molly looked at Ron, but he was no help.  She said, “Personal stuff.  If you find the envelope, don’t open it.  That’s part of the deal.  You don’t open the envelope.  You burn it.  In front of us.
“Well, that tells me you’re not wanting me to steal something.”
“No, no, it’s our stuff.  We don’t want it, and we don’t want nobody else to have it.  Like I said, it’s personal.  It would embarrass us to death if anybody knew about it.”  She turned towards Ron.  “Right, Ron?”
Ron stopped studying his hands and looked up and around.  “What?”
Slamm said, “I think we can disregard Ron’s opinion for the time being.  He’s on the planet Duh.”
Molly shook her head.  “No self-control.  It’s the same with smoking.  Look at the stains on his fingers.”
Slamm said, “Yeah, I noticed.  I thought maybe he was a shoe-shine boy.  But back to the matter at hand.  How can you be sure I won’t take a peek at your very personal, embarrassing papers?”  Slamm finished off the first doughnut and started on the other.
“Ace likes you, and Ace doesn’t like that many people.  You gave him his gun back.  That really impressed him. You told him where his mom lives even though he was going to shoot you.  He said when Jack Slamm makes a deal, it’s a deal”
Slamm laughed with a mouthful of doughnut.  Hearing the laughter, the man at the counter turned back to his own lonely business.  “Ace said that?  That’s a hoot.”  
Molly tried to laugh but had forgotten how.  She stopped trying and said, “Ace says you work for Ann Skully.”
“That’s right,” Slamm made his voice stern.  “If anybody wants to harm her, they have to get past me first.”  Two and three down.  One to go—Otto.
Molly blew contemptuous air through vibrating lips.  The sound was not unlike that of an after-dinner faux pas.  “Who gives a damn?  She’s not worth the trouble.”
Slamm was surprised.  Molly was sincere.  She was too high to be otherwise.  Where was all of that burning hatred Ann had mentioned?  He changed the subject.  “Does Ace know what’s in the envelope?”
“What little color Molly had in her face drained away like Slamm had pulled the plug.  “No!” she shouted.  “He can’t never know!  Never, never know!”
“Okay, take it easy.  Don’t have a stroke.  I don’t care who doesn’t see your goddamn papers.  I’m working for Ann first.”
It took a moment for Molly to catch her breath.  Slamm waited and wondered.  “She’s the one who’s got our papers and won’t give them back,” Molly blurted.  “The bitch.”
“You want me to betray my client.  I don’t work that way.”  Usually.
“No, no, hell no.  Do what she wants you to do.  It can’t have anything to do with the papers.  The papers are another matter, and they belong to us, not her.”
That made sense, or so Slamm wanted to believe that it made sense.  “Okay, I’ll look around.  Three thousand bucks if I fine the papers?”
“And burn them in front of us unopened.  Three thousand bucks.”
“We have a deal,” Slamm said.  Molly made a tiny move to shake hands.  Slamm, occupied with his doughnut, pretended not to notice.  He added nonchalantly, “I heard it said that you and Ron hated Skull enough to kill him.  Is that right?”
The skinny, tattooed man looked up from his untouched cup of coffee.  “The name is Rod,” he slurred a growl.
“Tell me, Molly, did you and Ron kill Skull?”
Molly actually cut a yellow smile.  “Would anybody tell you if they did?”
“You’d be surprised what people tell me.”
“No.  I’m glad he’s dead.  Everybody except Ace is glad he’s dead.  But no.  That bitch wife of his killed him—the one you’re working for."

CHAPTER EIGHT

Slamm stayed with his coffee while watching the gruesome twosome leave the coffee shop, stumble into their Toyota, and weave away.  Through the sweaty window, he watched their taillights shrink out of sight.  Once he felt confident that the waitress was safe from retaliation, he winked at her and headed out himself.
He headed west towards his apartment with a hot shower in mind.  Home sweet home.  Be it ever so humble.  It was certainly humble.  A one room apartment that made his office seem plush.  Oh, well.  It was out of the rain and it had hot running water.  What else could a shamus behind on his taxes want?
The rain had eased up and was now a sprinkle again that allowed Slamm to turn down the pace of his windshield wipers from a syncopated rhythm to a steady waltz-time beat.  He relaxed.  His day was over, he was four hundred bucks richer, and he had prospects for another three grand.  He allowed his mind to wander.  It wandered back to Ann Skully’s warm and fuzzy apartment where everything was pastel, and Ann looked like peaches and cream wrapped in fuzzy pink.
For no reason at all, he watched the streetlights go by.  In this older part of town, the streetlights were not those pragmatic, glaring cat eyes high on overhead booms.  Here, they were mellow, glowing aureoles atop sculptured iron polls erected at a time when beauty took precedence over function.  He was wondering when did everyone lose one’s soul, when he should have been paying more attention to the road.
He yanked the steering wheel hard to the right to miss a darting cat, and instantly, red and blue flashing lights lit up in his rearview mirror.  He pulled over to the curb and stopped.  Two cops approached from the rear—one on the left and one on the right.  Slamm popped a breath mint into his mouth, lifted his wallet from his butt pocket, and had his license ready by the time the cop on the left was raking him with flashlight light.  Slamm rolled down the window.
“Well, well, look who we got here,” the cop on the left cheered.  “If it ain’t Jack Slamm, private eye.”  Slamm held up his driver’s license.  The cop ignored it.  “Out of the car, Private Eye,” he ordered and backed away from the door.  He was short but thick and had a belly.
Slamm said, “I swerved to miss a cat.  You had to see it.  It was white.”
“Out of the goddamn car, Slamminsky!” the cop shouted and pulled his nine millimeter.
Slamm groaned.  He was in for a bad time.  He climbed out of the Ford slowly, keeping his hands in sight.
The cop on the right, a younger guy, said, “I saw the cat, Hank.  It ran…”
“Shut up, rookie.”  The cop grabbed hold of Slamm’s left shoulder and jerked him around to face the Ford.  “Hands on the hood.  Spread them.”  The cop didn’t wait for Slamm to spread his legs.  Instead, he kicked Slamm’s ankles left and right.  Slamm cringed and bit his lip.  The cop holstered his gun, reached around and probed his hand under Slamm’s jacket.  “Got your piece on ya, Private Eye?  Oh, my, yes you do.”  Hank the cop tossed the 32 onto the roof of Slamm’s car.  “Driving drunk while carrying a gun.  You’re in big trouble, Private Eye.  You’re going to lose your private-eye license.”
“Hank,” the rookie spoke up again as he came around to the busy side of the car, “I saw the cat.”
“No, you didn’t, Shit Head.  You imagined it.”
“Why are you doing this?” the younger cop demanded in a young, high voice.
“You know who this is?  This is the lowlife I told you about.  The guy who took pictures of my brother, Clint, coming out of a motel room with a whore.  It caused trouble with his wife.  Clint slapped her around a little and got a year in the slammer.”
“Brother Clint knocked her eye out onto her cheek,” Slamm added for the benefit of the rookie.
The senior cop rammed his sledgehammer fist into the center of Slamm’s back.  Slamm arched his back, and his knees buckled, but he managed to stay on his feet.  “Now you’ve got resisting arrest charges against you, Private Eye.  You just don’t know when to quit.”
“This is a personal matter, Hank,” Slamm said through pain-clinched teeth.  “Why don’t you take that badge off, and we’ll settle this in a personal way?”
“Oh, sure, you’d like that, wouldn’t you, Palooka?”  Hank emphasized his statement with another blow to Slamm’s kidneys.
“I knew you wouldn’t go for it, Hank,” Slamm grunted as he leaned onto the hood of the Ford while the pain weakened his body.  “I just wanted the rookie to know that he’s risking his life riding around with a chicken-shit coward.”
Hank put his whole weight behind the next blow.  It impacted against Slamm’s spine, and Slamm felt his legs go numb.  He sank to his knees.  “Hey, Rookie, you know what this piece of crap’s real name is?  He calls himself Slamm, but his name is really Slamminsky.  It’s on his license.  Take a look.  He’s a goddamn Polack.”
Slamm was trying to get up.  “A hundred years ago my great-grandfather had to go by the name Slamm because of jerks like you.”  Slamm then addressed the rookie.  “For me, it’s just a nickname that caught on.”
Hank chuckled deep in his heavy throat.  “I think your goddamn grandpa changed his name because he was a Polack and was too stupid to spell Slamminsky.  That’s what I think.”
Still clutching the hood, Slamm pulled himself up, turned, and had his big fists squeezed white.
“Don’t do it, Sir,” the rookie begged.
The senior cop pulled his gun again and backed away into a shooting stance.  “Come on, Slamminsky!  Go for it.”  The nine millimeter trembled from the cop’s eagerness to pull the trigger.  “Come on, Slamminsky, take it away from me!”
Another pair of headlights pulled up and stopped behind Hank’s patrol car.  Hank turned his head in the direction of the new arrival and felt his big gun snatched out of his hand.  Hank turned his shocked face back around in time to glimpse Slamm’s left fist coming in at full speed.  The impact lifted the cop off his feet, and he went down onto the mud of a newly seeded lawn and stayed down, out cold.
“Hand me the gun, Slamm,” a third cop cajoled as he approached holding out his hand.  There were three strips on his sleeve.
“Sure, Leo,” Slamm agreed, rotated the gun, and handed it over butt first.
The rookie came forward.  “It wasn’t this guy’s fault, Sergeant Bricker.  He…”
“Yeah, I know, Johnny.  I could see what was going on as I was coming from three blocks away.”  Sergeant Leo Bricker, big as Slamm but a little grayer, tilted his head as he studied the unconscious cop lying spread-eagle at his feet.  “Johnny, why don’t you turn Hank over onto his side?  His nose is busted.  We don’t want him drowning in his own blood.”
“Yes, Sir.”
“And then why don’t you go wait in the car while I talk to Slamm here.”
“Yes, Sir.”
“Thanks, Johnny.”  The sergeant turned his attention back to Slamm who was arching back and rubbing his mid-back with both hands.  “You okay?” Bricker said.
“I won’t know until I pee,” Slamm grunted.  “That guy hits like a charging bull.”
“Farm boy.  They grow them up strong down on the farm.”
“Well, that’s it for me, Leo.  Assaulting a cop.  Felony.  And just when things were looking up a little.”
“Tell you what, Slamm.  I like you.  I don’t like Hank.  He’s a bad cop.  I’m willing to call it even, if you are.”
“You can do that?”
“Yeah, I can fix it.”  The cop dug into a side pocket of his jacket and pulled out a pack of Camels.  “He assaulted you first.  That won’t get you off, but this stupid son-of-a-bitch lying here in the mud has enough complaints on him that he doesn’t need another one.  And he knows it.”
“Sounds good to me.”
“Okay, it’s settled and forgotten.”
Hank groaned and sat up.
“How you feeling, Hank?” Sergeant Bricker asked.
Hank didn’t answer.  Instead, he gawked about like he wasn’t sure where he was.  After another thirty seconds, he looked up at Bricker.  “He hit me,” he said with a blood-choked voice.
“We can talk about that later, Hank.”  Sergeant Bricker tapped a cigarette out of the pack against a yellow finger.  Another no-self-control.  “Have Johnny drive you to the ER and get your nose fixed.  You’re through for the night.”
Hank stumbled onto his feet, fell back down onto one knee, and stumbled up again.  With his shoulders hunched and his head forward, he stood facing Bricker.  “You’re going to let this slide, ain’t you, Bricker?”
“I said we’ll talk about it later.”  Bricker hung the cigarette on his lip.  “And we’ll discuss some other things on your card while we’re at it.”
Hank shifted towards Slamm.  “We’ll meet again, Slamminsky.”
Slamm said, “I hope so.”
Hank stood for an indecisive moment wiping the back of his hand under his bent nose and smearing blood across his cheek; then he stumbled away.
Bricker lowered his head, shielding a burning match under the visor of his hat and lit up the Camel.  “He means it.”
Slamm said, “So do I.”
Slamm shook the rain off his .32 and put it away.  “Hey, Leo, while I have you here, what do you know about a guy named Ace Hecht?”
“Ace Hecht?  You know him?”
“Met him tonight.”
“A very dangerous customer.  Unless you’ve got death wish, you don’t want anything to do with Ace Hecht.” 
“If he’s that dangerous, why is he running loose?”
“Most crooks are dumb and think they’re smart.  Thank God.  That’s why we catch them.  Ace is different.  He looks like a Neanderthal, but he’s a homicidal genius.  He’s outsmarted us more than once.”  Bricker blew out an angry cloud of smoke.  “We’ll get him someday.  That’s a promise.”
“How does he come by his money?  He has enough diamonds on his fingers to make Liz Taylor cry with envy.”
“He’s a hit man.”
“And you know this too.”
“We know it, but can’t prove it.  Like I said: he’s a genius.  From what I hear, his IQ is off the chart.”
“Then how do you know he’s working?”
“Three or four times a year, Ace disappears for a few days, and somebody else disappears for good—vanishes, gone, poof.  Nothing left behind—not a drop of blood, not an eyelash, nothing.   And Ace is suddenly richer.”
“What about tax evasion?”
“He pays his taxes.  Claims a consulting business.  Writes off business expenses.”
Slamm had to smile.  “He’s a consultant?”
“Right.  For a group of wealthy guys in New York City.  He advises them on how to deal with their stress and find peace through meditation.  His credentials are his life experiences as a troubled youth.”
Slamm laughed.
“Ain’t funny, Slamm.  He kills people.”
“Leo, the New York guys are the ones financing Ace’s hits.”
“Hell’s fire, Slamm, give me a little credit.  How stupid do you think I am?”  The cop flipped his cigarette butt away and tapped out another.  “I know that.  But there are no bodies, hence, no murders.  Only missing persons.  And people are coming up missing everyday of the week.  Which ones is Ace responsible for?  And there’s no connection between the missing persons and the New York guys.  And there’s no connection between any of the missing persons.  I’ve given this thing a lot of study, Slamm.  It’s become personal.”
“Okay, what do you think is going on?”
“Every one of the guys who disappeared while Ace was off teaching meditation was someone who did something god-awful and terrible and got away with it, thanks to some sharp lawyer or technicality.  They were all murderers, rapists, sadistic pedophiles, and the like.”
“The New York guys are vigilantes.”
“Yep, that’s the way I figure it.  Bored rich guys with more money than they know what to do with, out for their own justice and a little vicarious excitement.”
“O. J. better watch his back.”
Sergeant Bricker lit the second cigarette with his yellow fingers.  “Funny thing about Ace.  He contributes generously to children’s relief charities and animal rescue and that sort of thing.  He loves kids, puppies, feeds the birds, kills people.  Strange man.”

CHAPTER NINE

Slamm was relieved to see no blood in his pee.  His kidneys were okay even though his back felt like a Chinese train wreck.  He stepped out of his cold, wet clothes into his warm, wet shower and lathered up as best he could with a depleted bar of soap the size of a saltine cracker.  After adjusting the water temperature again to a degree just below scalding, he thought he heard something beyond the hiss of the spray beating against the plastic shower curtain, but he wasn’t curious enough to leave the hot, steamy place until he felt like it.  He continued with his shower.  It had been a long day.
He dried off, tossed the towel over the side of the tub, and walked into his bedroom where a woman, another beauty, sat leisurely on the edge of his bed.  She said leisurely, “You want to put something on so that I can look you in the eye?”
Slamm’s day wasn’t over yet.  “Toss me that bathrobe next to you on the bed.”  She did, and Slamm slipped into it.  He had to hold the terrycloth robe closed.  The terrycloth belt had disappeared while at the Laundromat.  “How did you get in here?”
“The door wasn’t locked.”
“Yeah, that’s right. I forgot.  The lock went out of alignment with the doorjamb when the floor sagged last week.  It’s only a matter of time before this whole rotten building falls down,” Slamm said this mostly to himself.  “Anyway, knocking could have saved you some embarrassment.”
“I’m no schoolgirl.  I’m not embarrassed.  And I did knock.  You were in the shower and didn’t hear me.”  She looked like a slightly older version of Ann Skully.
Slamm pointed at his single-size, iron-frame bed.  “I’m going to lie down on that bed.  My back hurts.”
“It’s your bed.”
Slamm walked around to the free side of the bed and fell across it.  His head sank into the pillow.
The woman turned to face him by pulling up a knee onto the mattress.  Like Ann, she wore a dress and had a nice pink knee.  “I’m Ann Skully’s mother.”
“Yeah?  I would have guessed you were her older sister.”
“You could have just said her sister.  Most guys do.  My name is Gail Cummings.”
“Well, Gail, what’s on your mind, besides voyeurism?”
The woman wasn’t peaches and cream, but her maturity made her even more beautiful than her daughter.  There was experience in her hazel eyes; and the baby fat was gone, but the curves were still there.  She was a hard-body.  “I want you to find something for me.”
Business was picking up.  “Okay, I find things.”
“I need you to find a big envelope stuffed with some papers that need to be destroyed.”
 “Covered with tape?”
“Yes, you know about the papers?”  Her voice had tightened up.
 “Somebody else is interested.”
“Oh, dear, God!  It’s not a guy named Ace is it?”
“No.”
She sighed away her alarm.  “Who else wants the papers?”
Slamm shook his head.  “I can tell you this much: The other interested party wants the envelope burned unopened.”
“Are you sure?”
“I’m not sure about you.  You want to tell me what’s going on?”
“I love my daughter, but she’s into something bad.”  As she leaned forward, her long hair fell over the front of one shoulder.  It looked deliberate, but the Slamm suspected his pituitary was acting up again.  The woman curled up on his bed seemed to belong there.
“How many times have I heard a mother say that?”
“It all has to do with those papers.  If I could only find and destroy those damn papers, I could save her before she gets herself in trouble.  Or maybe killed.  I’ve begged her to tell me where they are.”
Slamm raised his head.  “What are the damn papers?”
“The woman shook her head.  “I can’t chance telling you.  The fewer people who know, the less likely it is that somebody will be killed.  I wish I didn’t know.”
“How do you know?”  Slamm came up on one elbow.
“Mothers and daughters talk.”  There were two pillows.  She rubbed the extra pillow like she were comforting it.  “It doesn’t do any good.  She won’t listen to reason.  I begged her not to marry that brute.  He was the only man I have ever actually hated.”
“Did you kill him?”
“Huh?  No!  Do you think I’d tell you if I did?”  She seemed more injured than angry.
“You’d be surprised what people will tell me.”
She began rubbing the pillow again.  “If I could just find those papers.  They’re not in her apartment.  I turned over everything except her kitchen stove, and I looked under it using a flashlight.”
Gail had done what Slamm had intended to do.  “Okay, you’re here because you want me to somehow find the papers.  Leave your phone number, and I’ll get back with you later.”  Slamm returned to his supine position.  The cold rain, more than anything else, had exhausted him.
“I’ll pay you of course, but you have to promise me that you will destroy them without looking at them.”
“Burn them in front of you?”
“Yes, burn them—in front of me.”
“I charge fifty-five dollars an hour plus expenses.  Just like in the movies.”
“Oh, that much?  All I have is three hundred.  I'm alone.   I’m not married.”
“I thought so.  No ring.”
“I had to pawn it.”
“I know how that feels.”
“I was married.”
“I figured that too.  You didn’t flinch when I came out of the bathroom showing my bikini line.”
“There was no bikini line.”
Slamm smiled.
She said, “Will you take three hundred?”
“What day is today?”
“Wednesday.”
“You’re in luck.  It’s bargain Wednesday.  No charge, but you have to do something for me.”
The woman stiffened.  “What?”
“Stop rubbing that pillow and rub my back.”
“You’re not serious.”
Slamm rolled over onto his front side.  “I’m in serious pain, Lady.  Rub my sore back, and I’ll try to find the damn papers for you.”
Gail Cummings pulled up her other knee and knelt on the bed next to Slamm’s broad back.  “This is ridiculous.”
“For you, it’s ridiculous.  For me, it’s a chance for a good night’s sleep.  Rub if you want those papers.”
At first, she lowered her hands onto his back like it was a hot stove.  Then, when nothing happened, when she was not immediately raped, she leaned forward and applied her weight.  “Oh, you have some nasty knots on your back.”
“Untie them.”
“The bathrobe is in the way.”  She reached up under the robe and began kneading Slamm’s taunt muscles.  Her hands were cool.
“Divorced?” Slamm grunted from the pleasure-pain.
“No, my husband lost his fortune in a business fiasco and shot himself.”
“I’m sorry.”
“I found out too late that he cashed in his life insurance.”
“That’s rough.”
“It’s okay.  It’s old history.”
“It can’t be too old.  How old are you?”
“Forty-six.  What about you?”
“Forty-four in a couple of months.”  Slamm suddenly groaned louder.  “That’s the spot.  That’s where it hurts the most.  Yeah, work on that spot.  Yes, yes, that’s it.  You’re wonderful,” he sighed.
Gail Cummings continued rocking rhythmically to and fro with an easy gait like gentle lovemaking.  “Are you married, Mr. Slamm?”
“No, and call me Slamm.”
“Have you ever been?”
“No.  I spent my marriageable years in the Navy.”
“Sailors marry all the time.”
“I was a sea-going sailor.  With a whole World of women to choose from, I couldn’t make up my mind.”
Gail sang a line from Ricky Nelson’s song, I’m a Traveling Man..  Slamm laughed.
Except for Slamm’s groans, the two were silent for several minutes.  Lost in thought, the woman continued to rock back and forth as she ran her hands over Slamm’s back even after the knots were gone.
“Are you really any good at finding things, Slamm?” she sighed breaking the silence.  “By the looks of this place, your detective business has been less than lucrative.  I mean no offence, but this apartment is a bet on the austere side.  All you have in here is a bed, some lawn furniture, and a dresser that had to have been thrown out by somebody else.  There’s some dumbbells piled up in the corner.  That explains the physique.  But there’s no smell of success in here.  Just the smell of cheap cologne and whiskey.”
“You’re looking a gift horse in the mouth, Gail.  That’s a good way to get yourself bit.”
“Are you a dangerous man, Slamm?”
“Do you like to go with dangerous men, Gail?”  Slamm rolled over onto his back.
“Sure, as long as I’m not in danger.”
“A lot of women travel in that direction, and it always ends up as a bad ride.”
“But it might be worth the ride,” she whispered hoarsely.  “Nice guys are no fun.”
“Yeah?”  Slamm reached up and combed his fingers through a length of her sleek hair.  “Okay, you buy your ticket, and you take your chances.”
“Sounds to me like one hell of a ride, Tough Guy.”
“It’s the Slamm-O-Rama.  You’ll need to hold on tight.”  Slamm ran his hands up the sides of her arms, but she pulled away.
“You’re the one who will need a ticket to ride,” she laughed playfully as she slid off the bed.”
“You mean the papers?”
She shimmied to the door.  “I really want those papers burned.  I want them bad.”  She smiled as she closed the door slowly behind her, the sound of her high heels clicking away.
Slamm laughed at himself.  “Suckered again,” he sighed.  But his back felt better.

CHAPTER TEN

There was one remaining character who Ann imagined was a threat to her, Otto, the pawnbroker.  Slamm, by driving around the corner of Walnut and Industrial Street, found that Otto had two enterprises in operation.  Behind the pawnshop there was an expansive junkyard surrounded with a high, junk-board fence topped with barbed wire.  The fence was adorned with graffiti and bright red-on-white STAY OUT signs.  Salvage was also crudely painted across the fence, but Otto definitely wanted no peeking.  The shop itself was located on the same alley as Tubb’s Bar but a mile or so further west at the intersection of the more traveled thoroughfare.
The rain of the previous night had ended, and a meaner, colder wind had taken its place.  The pothole puddles in the alley were covered with crusty skins of ice.  Slamm, taking hold of the brim of his new, gray fedora, lowered his head against the wind and maneuvered his way around the puddles that lay between where he had parked his car and the front door of the shop.
The pawnshop looked, outside and in, like every other pawnshop in the western world, filled with a sundry of cluttered disappointment with musical interments, guns, and jewelry predominating; and Otto, standing behind a glass counter, looked like he should.  He was short, bald, bespectacled, and wore a tieless suit with more old bags than a bridge club.  He examined Slamm with the same customary contempt all pawnbrokers reserve for all who walk into their establishments.  “Can I help you?” he asked begrudgingly.
 “You Otto?” Slamm asked only to start the conversation.  The guy had to be Otto.  He had the look.  If Slamm had met the guy at a Christmas dance, he would still know that he ran a pawnshop.
“Do I know you?” Otto snubbed.
“No.  I want to ask you some questions.”
“You want answers, Mister, get on the internet.  I’m running a business here.  I buy, sell, and loan.  If you got something to sell, or hock, or want to buy something, okay.  Otherwise, you’re wasting my time.”
Slamm paused for a moment to imagine what a joy it would be to flatten Otto’s big nose against his thin face.  Instead, he opened his wallet and showed his badge hoping to acquire some semblance of respect and cooperation.  “I’m a private investigator.”
Otto gave a cursory glanced at Slamm’s credentials.  “How do you pronounce that last name—like don’t slam the door on your way out?”
Slamm reached across the glass counter and grabbed a fistful of Otto’s shirt.  “No.  More like I’m going to slam your head against the wall if you don’t stop jerking me around.”
“Okay, okay.”  Otto had both hands on Slamm’s wrist trying to pull free.  “What do you want?”
Slamm released him by shoving him back a step.  “Henry Skully used to sell you stuff.  I want to know what it was.”  Slamm didn’t care what it was, but business talk might be the best way to get Pawnshop Otto to open up so that Slamm could get to the point.”
Otto straightened up his crumpled shirt, as if it made any difference.  “You work for an insurance company?”
“I said I was private.”
“Yeah?  Well, you work for somebody.”
“That’s right.  I work for Ann Skully.  And I make sure nobody gives her any trouble.  If anyone does, he answers to me.”  There—that’s all there was to it.  The job was done.  He had earned his four hundred bucks.
“Ann?  You work for Ann?”  Otto’s fisheyes bulged even bigger behind his fishbowl glasses. 
“Yeah, and she wants to know what you’re up to.”  Slamm decided to probe a little.  Why not?  He had accomplished his mission by warning Otto, but still—who put the damn peanuts in the beans?
“Look, look, I don’t want any trouble.  Tell her the old arrangement is fine.  I’ll take the same cut I took before.”
Slamm couldn’t restrain a broad smile.  So, things were not as simple as Ann wanted Slamm to believe.  He was on to something, and it felt good.  If he could disclose that Skully was murdered and who did the deed and why, the news media would sensationalize the story big time.  “Private eye solves peanut murder missed by cops.”  It would be tantamount to a million dollars worth of advertising.  It could put him back in business, or so he theorized desperately.
Otto looked disconcerted.  He didn’t know what to make of Slamm’s lingering, toothy smile.  Slamm felt lucky and ventured again.  He said, “Where are the papers?”
Otto gasped and glanced sideways for a split second at his three by three-foot safe squatting in the corner behind the counter.  “You know about the papers?  My God, Ann shouldn’t be telling anyone about the papers, not even you.”  Otto had a high stool behind the counter.  He was trembling when he back stepped and sat down onto it.  “If Ace finds out about the papers, we’ll all be dead.  Maybe even Ann.  Maybe even you now that you know.  She’s playing a dangerous game, Mister.  I wish I had never got myself involved.”  Otto needed a moment to catch his breath.  Slamm waited, amazed at Otto’s sudden collapse into a state of unabashed terror.  “Tell Ann that I won’t destroy the papers.  Everything will stay the same.  But tell her I’m scared out of my mind, and so should she be.”
“I don’t blame you,” Slamm played along.  “I’ll tell Ann that you’re cool with the former arrangement”.  Slamm added, “And, sorry about the shirt.  You’re missing a button.”  Slamm turned for the door.  He couldn’t ask about the nature of the papers without giving himself away.
Otto called after him, “I thought you wanted to know what Skull was trading here.”
“Nah, Skull is dead.”  Slamm paused by the door.  “By the way, Otto, did you kill Skull?”
“Me?  What are you talking about?  Everybody knows Ann murdered Skull.”  Otto wiped his brow with his hand and flipped away the sweat.  “You got me a nervous wreck, Mister.  Anyway, if I killed Skull, do you think I would admit it to you?”
“Nothing surprises me.”

A sparse pattern of snowflakes formed on Slamm’s windshield as he drove in the direction of Ann’s apartment building.  Looking up through the windshield, he squinted against the hazy but bright day.  A milky sun seemed to be exploding all over the milky sky where tiny silhouettes of snow danced in the light like a swarm of gnats.  Slamm hated the approach of winter.  If somehow he could get into the big money, he would move south or at least buy a good flannel suit.
The papers were in Otto’s safe.  Otto’s darting eyes made that obvious.   Now, how to get them out, Slamm mused.  While Otto was on his stool shaking like a voodoo dancer with pinworms, Slamm had conducted a quick assessment of the shop’s security.  There were two surveying cameras.  One was in the far-left corner up by the ceiling and pointing at the entrance.  Next to it was a motion detector.  The other camera was over the entrance and pointing at the counter behind which the safe was nestled.
The safe itself was formidable.  It was at least a ton of thick, layered steel.  Breaking into the shop and the safe was impossible.  Maybe a professional safecracker could do it, but Slamm had difficulty with the double lock on his office door.  He would have to find another way or forfeit the three thousand bucks.
Slamm found a space to park his Ford across the street from Ann’s apartment.  He had an hour to kill before he expected her to arrive home from her work, and he was happy to find Freddie’s unoccupied Geo also parked nearby.  Slamm preferred hunting down Ann’s personal stalker to sitting and shivering in his under-fueled car.  Running the engine to stay warm was a luxury, and he needed to stretch what was left of his four hundred bucks.  Buying the fedora was extravagant.
He entered the warmth of the building and climbed the gray, solid, iron stairs to the third floor.  The stairs were noisy, but the beige-colored hallway was carpeted with heavy, dark-brown carpet, muffling his approach to Ann’s door.  This was fortunate.  Ann’s door was half open, and a key protruded from the lock.  An over-stimulated type like Freddie would leave the key in the door, Slamm speculated with a smile.  So he left his gun in its holster, plucked out the key, and dropped it into his pocket.  He swung the door open all the way and eased in.
The living room was empty.  There was open mail scattered across the blue glass of the coffee table, and the landline telephone leaned on the armrest of the sofa.  Slamm moved towards the bedroom.  He was not disappointed.
Freddie, his back turned towards Slamm, stood at Ann’s dresser.  The top drawer of the dresser was open, and Freddie was fondling and sniffing her lacy panties.  Slamm folded his arms and leaned against the bedroom doorjamb as he continued to watch Freddie who was now rubbing Ann’s underwear against his acne-scared cheek.
The weird performance continued for a full minute before Freddie caught sight of Slamm’s smiling reflection in the mirror over the dresser.  He twirled around with a pair of panties parachuting in his hand.
“How did you get a key to Ann’s apartment, Freddie?” Slamm demanded.  Freddie dropped Ann’s panties and made a rush for the doorway, but Slamm stood up straight and pushed Freddie stumbling back across the room and up against the dresser.  “How did you get the key?”
“I don’t have to tell you nothing,” Freddie yelled.  “You ain’t her boyfriend.  You just work for her.  You’re just a cheap shamus.”
“You know a lot about what goes on in Ann’s life, don’t you, Freddie?  You go through her mail and listen to her phone messages, don’t you, Freddie.  This isn’t the first time you’ve let yourself in here, is it, Freddie?”
“You’re a liar!” Freddie screamed, shaking both his fists in the air like some kind of nut.  “Liar, liar!”
“Pants on fire,” Slamm added.  “Breaking and entering is a crime, Freddie.  You’re going to jail.”
“No, he’s not,” Ann’s calm voice came over Slamm’s left shoulder.
Slamm turned to face her.  “What do you mean, no?”
“I mean, no.  I don’t want Freddie going to jail.”
“Do you realize that this crazy kid has been getting into your apartment and into your personal stuff while you’re at work?”
Ann tossed her purse over onto her sofa.  “I had my suspicions,” she sighed indifferently.  “My extra key disappeared from my purse at work.”
“And that’s okay with you?” Slamm asked as he handed her the extra key.
Ann took hold of Slamm’s elbow and urged him over to one side of the doorway.  “Freddie!” she barked, “Get the hell out of here, and don’t come back.”
The boy, holding up his palms defensively, eased past Slamm and rushed for the front door.  “You’re not her boyfriend!” he yelled before fleeing into the hallway.
Ann followed, closed the front door, and returned to the sofa.  She flopped down onto it, bounced, and lifted her legs onto the coffee table.  “Get us a drink, will you, Slamm?  The bottle is in the cupboard over the sink.”
“You’re home early.”
“No customers and no tips.  The boss told me to leave.”
Slamm shook his head with bewilderment, but did as she asked, returning to the sofa with the bottle and two glasses.  He sat down beside her and dropped a dollop of whiskey into each glass.
“Freddie is mentally challenged,” she explained and sipped her drink.  “I feel sorry for him.”
“I don’t think you’re doing him any favor by letting him get away with sneaking in here and sniffing your underwear.  He needs professional help.”
“Well, that’s not your concern, is it?” she said.  “I paid you to scare off people who might want to harm me.  Why don’t you stick to that?  Okay?”
Slamm set his glass down.  He couldn’t drink her whiskey after the way she had spoken to him.  If he hadn’t already spent some of her lousy money, he would throw it back in her face—maybe.  As it was, he had to eat her contempt, but he didn’t have to like it.  “I just came over to tell you that I lied convincingly to everybody you were worried about and told them that I intend to keep you safe.  Ace almost shot me, but otherwise they all seemed to be impressed.”  He started to get up. 
Ann became interested, took hold of Slamm’s arm, and sat up straight.  “Already?  Great.  Did Ron and Molly know that you had talked to Ace?”
“Yeah.”
“How did they react?”
Slamm studied her.  She was excited.  “I didn’t detect any of that seething hatred you were talking about.  They don’t seem to be interested in you personally much at all.”
“Never mind that.  Were they worried that you had a talk with Ace?”
“Yeah, that seemed to trouble them a bit.  What has that to do with..?”
Ann bounced once on the sofa and clapped her hands gleefully.  “What about Otto?”
“Yeah, he was scared by the mere mention of Ace.  I thought he was going to faint.  Why are you afraid of Otto?  He seemed harmless to me.”
Ann threw back her head and laughed.  Slamm didn’t ask why.  He knew she wouldn’t tell him.  She looked down at his untouched glass of whiskey setting on the table.  “Come on, Slamm,” she cheered.  “Let’s celebrate.  You know I don’t like to drink alone.”
“Get used to it.”
“Aw, did I hurt your feelings again?” she cooed.
“When a man talks down to me, I knock him on his ass.  I don’t know what to do about you.”
“I know what you can do about me.”  Snatching his new fedora off his head, she tossed it spinning away, brought her legs up onto the sofa, and bounced over onto his lap, facing him.  She ran the fingers of both her hands deep into his hair, tilted his head back, and pasted her mouth down onto his mouth with her tongue playing against his.
When Ann came up for air, Slamm said, “It’s hard to stay professional when you do that.  Isn’t that what you said?”
“Well, you don’t have to be professional anymore.  Case closed.”  She kissed him again—harder.
“I would still like to know who bumped off your husband?” he said when he could.  “Don’t you want to know?”
“Nah.”  She nibbled on his ear while pulling out his shirt and sliding a cool hand up onto his chest.
“There are people who think you cut your husband’s throat,” he said breathlessly.  “Don’t you want your name cleared?”
“Who cares what people think?  Forget it,” she whispered with her apple-butter breath and then glided her lips across his cheek until her mouth fell on his mouth again.
“Any objections to my looking into it?  Killing a man with peanuts.  Now that’s intriguing.  I’ve had a lot of wacky cases but…”
 She pulled away, angry again.  “I said forget it.”
“What’s your problem?  It won’t cost you anything.”
“Yeah, it will.  My privacy.  I don’t want you nosing around in my personal life.”
“Got something to hide?  What kind of deal have you got going with Otto?”
Ann slapped Slamm across the face, hard.  It stung.  “No!” she shouted.  “It’s over, finished.  Forget it.”
Slamm rolled Ann off his lap and stood up.  “Once again, I don’t know what to do about you except leave.”
“Good.  Hit the road, Jack, and don’t come back no more, no more,” she sang and dropped her drink down her lovely throat.  She finished it without a hint of a whiskey grimace.
Slamm was impressed.  He had never seen a woman drink straight whiskey without making a scared-monkey face.  Still he was mad.  “I’m going to figure out who murdered your husband.  I am going to work on it just because you don’t want me to.  What do you think about that, Sweet Lips?”
“I think you need a hobby.  Get out.”
Slamm snatched up his fedora off the floor, slapped it onto his head, tucked in his shirt, and stomped towards the door.  But he couldn’t resist glancing back.
Ann lay beguilingly on the sofa.  “You look good in that hat, Handsome,” she said unexpectedly.  “Like some old-time movie star.”
“Yeah?  You think so?” Slamm said smiling in spite of himself.  Ann was immediately forgiven.  Far as he was concerned, she couldn’t have said anything sweeter.  Slamm loved old movies.  He thought of Bogart in Casablanca.  “Here's looking at you, Kid.”
Ann said, “I wish you had lied to me about how you got that scar on your chin.”
“I did,” he said, went out the door, still smiling, and came vis-à-vis with Gail coming in, breathtaking in a formfitting red dress.  “Gail, good to see you again,” Slamm greeted.
“Mr. Slamm,” she said in return.  Her tone was chilly.
Slamm’s smile dropped away.  “Anything wrong, Gail?”
“You’ll figure it out.”  She entered and closed the door in his face.
Back in his Ford, Slamm figured it out as he was adjusting the angle of his rearview mirror.  His face was maculated with Ann’s painted kiss tracks.

CHAPTER ELEVEN

Entering his office for the first time that day, Slamm first checked for missed phone calls—there were none.  He was not surprised.  He then hung his jacket and holstered gun over the back of his chair behind his desk.  He visited his four-by-four water closet and came back out to find Ace sitting in his chair with his feet up on the desk and handling the .32 caliber Beretta.  Ace’s Colt .45 lay on the desk.  It appeared that he was again comparing killing faculties.
Slamm walked over to where Ace sat and held out his hand for his gun.  Ace ignored the gesture and continued turning the Beretta over in his big hands, studying the gun as if he were looking for the meaning of life.
“This would make a good backup gun,” Ace said finally, “but it’s too small for my line of work.  I need something that will knock a man off his feet.  You would be amazed how far a man can run before he realizes he’s dead.”
“Yeah, that’s always been my problem,” Slamm said as he sat in his fold-up visitor’s chair, “running dead guys.”
“You’re a funny man,” Ace said without laughing or even cracking a smile.  He cocked the hammer.
“It’s loaded,” Slamm said with a controlled voice.
“Really?  I thought the extra weight was cream cheese.”
“Now who’s funny?”
“Something is going on, Slamm.”  Ace continued turning the Beretta over in his hands with the hammer cocked.  Slamm felt his groin tighten.  “I want you to tell me what it is?”
“You’ll have to narrow it down a bit, Ace.  I traded my crystal ball in for a Ouija board.”
“I asked Ron why he wanted to talk with you.  He turned white.  So did Molly.  This makes me suppose that, whatever it is, it involves me in a bad way.  Does it involve me, Slamm?”
“Client confidentiality.”
“Ron and Molly are clients?  I hope they paid you in advance.”
“They’ll pay, or I’ll splash bathwater on them until they do.”
“Come on, Slamm, tell me,” he demanded.  “I thought we were pals, but I’m getting pissed off.”
“I can’t stay in business if I go around disclosing my client’s concerns, Pal.”
Ace’s beady eyes shifted about in his heavy head.  “Doesn’t look to me like you’ve got much of a business to protect.”
“This is just a front to fool the IRS.  The real business is in the back.”
“Funny again,” Ace droned and lowered his feet to the floor.  “Enough jokes.  What’s going on, Slamm?”
Slamm shook his head and waited.
Ace studied Slamm for a nerve-racking moment.  “Okay,” he finally said.  “You’re a man of principle.  I appreciate that.”  He put his thumb on the hammer of the gun and pressed the trigger releasing the hammer.  “But, if something comes back to bite me, I’ll be paying you another visit.”
Ace smiled his sinister smile, but it dropped away when Slamm rose slowly from his chair, leaned over the desk and snatched up the Colt .45 and said, “I don’t like being threatened, Pal.  It annoys me.”  Slamm cocked the hammer.  “You think you got some kind of prerogative when it comes to shooting people? You don’t.”  The Colt exploded; slamming its large slug into the wall over Ace’s head and filling the small office with smoke and plaster dust.
“Goddamn it!” Ace roared as the plaster dust sifted down onto his head and shoulders.
“You see, Ace,” Slamm said.  “It’s just that easy.”
Ace sat motionless with his mouth hanging open for a moment, and then he burst into a shattering guffaw.  “I love you, Slamm.  I swear to God, I love you.”  He stood up and continued laughing as he handed Slamm the Beretta and took hold of his Colt.  “You’ve passed my test.”
“Kiss my ass.”
Ace came from behind the desk, dusting himself off, and brought a hand down onto Slamm’s shoulder.  “You busy tomorrow evening?”
“No, but I haven’t a thing to wear.”
“Come to my place after six tomorrow.  We’ll have some drinks and talk about a business deal I’ve got in mind.  Big money.  I think you’ll like it.”  He reached into a pocket and presented Slamm with a card.  “My address.”
Slamm looked at the card.  It was an embossed business card that read: Hecht Enterprises, Satisfaction Guaranteed.  Now it was Slamm’s turn to laugh.

It wasn’t Ann who stayed on Slamm’s mind after all.  It was Gail.  He found her address in the white pages and headed her way.  He had considered calling first, but, recalling the anger in her eyes, he decided his best chance was to just show up at her door.
He arrived as a dying sun had turned the heavy, gray sky to sepia.  She lived on the top floor of a brownstone apartment building, and there was no elevator.  Slamm climbed the four flights of stairs to the door of 4A, and knocked.  There was no answer.
“She’s on the roof,” croaked an old woman’s voice behind him.  Slamm turned.  A wizened face protruded from the half-open door of 4B.  “She likes to sit up on the roof this time of day,” the old face said.
“Thanks.”
“You her man friend?”
“Not yet.”
“Good luck.”  The face disappeared behind the door of 4B with the three clicks of three locks.  Tough neighborhood.
At the end of the short hallway, a steep length of wooden steps led up to a small enclosed landing where a door opened out to a graveled, flat roof.  On the roof were a few weathered, wooden lawn chairs lined up against the inclosing brownstone ledge, and Gail Cummings sat huddled in a fuzzy bathrobe—purple this time—on the chair in the middle.  She was facing a ruddy haze that was hiding the waning sun.  Slamm walked up behind her.
“Chilly today,” Slamm said as he stood next to her chair.
“Yes,” she said without turning or looking up at him.
A moment of silence passed.  “Your daughter and I were just horsing around.  We’re not about to run off to Tijuana.  Sometimes being alone too much gets in the way of common sense.”
“You don’t owe me any explanations, Mr. Slamm.  Ann is an adult.” she said and continued to face the ruddy haze.
“Ann told me to get lost,” Slamm said.  “I offered to make an effort to find out who murdered her husband and not charge her.  The offer made her mad.”
“Why do you think that is?”  Gail finally looked up at him but continued her monotone.
“I was hoping you could tell me.”
“No, I can’t.  Maybe she has lost confidence in you.”
“Maybe,” Slamm noted, swallowing the implication.  “But it seems strange to me that she wouldn’t want to know.”
“I can’t help you, Mr. Slamm.”  She returned her attention to the fading distance.
“I intend to continue seeking those papers you mentioned.”
“I appreciate that,” she droned monotonously.
“I know where they are.”
This time Gail turned in her chair to face him.  “You do?  Where?”
“In a pawnshop safe.”
“How did you…?”
“See there?  And you thought I was incompetent.”  Slamm waited for her to repent.  She didn’t.  “I’m not incompetent,” he continued.  “I’m having a tough time because I was dishonorably discharged from the Navy.  A lot of doors are closed to me, including a GI loan.  I started my business with credit cards.  Got away with it for a while.  Then the economy turned sour.”
“Sorry to hear that,” she said without interest.
“Aren’t you going to ask me what I did wrong in the Navy?”
“None of my business.”
“I’ll tell you anyway.  I lost my temper and socked an officer while at sea.  He called me a mother you-know-what, and I knocked him down onto his poop deck.  I did some time in the slammer and was kicked out.”
“Too bad.”
“I wanted to be a sailor since I was a kid.  Being a private detective isn’t close, but it beats working in a factory.”
“I see.”
“I’ve been doing the private-detective thing for seven years, and I’ve never failed a client.”
“You can’t fail a client if you don’t have any.”
“Ouch.”
Gail’s sigh was long and weary.  “I don’t mean to put you down, Slamm.  It’s just that I don’t see a point to this conversation.”
“It bothers me a lot that you don’t think much of me when I’m such a great guy.”  Slamm listened to himself talk as though he were listening to someone he didn’t know or understand.  What was wrong with him?  Why didn’t he just throw her off the roof, and go get drunk?
“What do you want from me, Mr. Slamm?”
Slamm hesitated then said, “I want you to call me Jack, and have dinner with me.”
“Okay,” she sighed again as she stood up exhibiting total lassitude.  “I have something fixed down in my apartment?”
“No, I meant…”
“I know what you meant, Jack.  But I don’t feel like going out, and I can use some company, I guess.”

They sat across from each other at a tiny kitchen table in the tiny kitchen.  Over the table hung a Tiffany lamp.  Its glow rendered Gail’s face in highlight and deep shadow.  The noir effect was oneiric, and her sleepy-eyes ennui made her appear as seductive as a Malayan succubus.  Sailor Slamm considered the women of Malay to be the most sensual.
“This is good,” Slamm complemented with a mouth full of lasagna.  “You’re a good cook.”
“Thanks.”
“Is Ann a good cook too?”
“Ann again?”
“Just making conversation.”
“No, Ann couldn’t boil water without burning it.”
“Didn’t she cook for the Tubb’s outing?”
“Not really.  She chopped the onions, opened the cans of beans, and did things like that.  I did the actual cooking for her, to keep that beast from slapping her around.”
“You cooked for a crowd in that old, miniature thing?”  Slamm asked referring to the kitchen’s half-size, gas stove.
“Are you kidding?  I can hardly squeeze a chicken into the piece of junk.  I did the cooking at Ann’s restaurant.  Of course, I had to sleep with the owner for the use of his big oven.”
“What?”
“Kidding.  Ann’s boss is an unshaven grease ball, but a nice guy.  All I had to do was flutter my eyelashes and play the poor-little-me routine.”
“Being breathtakingly beautiful probably worked in your favor too.”  Slamm gave her his best sleepy-eyes look that had always served him well.
“Don’t go in that direction, Tough Guy.  You’re good looking yourself, but you’re not my type.”
Slamm shrugged to disguise his disappointment and changed the subject.  “Why weren’t you a suspect in the murder of Ann’s husband?”
“I was.  The police grilled me pretty good, but they ended up zeroing in on Ann.  She had more reasons to hate him.”
“Do you have any theories on how the peanuts got into the beans?”
Gail laughed.
“What’s funny?”
“Don’t you think that the ridiculous irony of it all is funny?  A hardened, brutal criminal is murdered, not with a gun or knife, but with peanuts.”
Slamm responded with a weak smile.  “Yeah, I guess so.  It would have been funnier if he had been wearing a clown suit.  But, ah, do you have a theory?”
“Sure.  What could be more obvious?  Somebody at Tubb’s cookout stirred a handful of peanuts into the beans just before the beast took the leftover beans home.”  She giggled as she offered Slamm another wedge of lasagna.  Slamm held out his plate and was beginning to suspect that giggling Gail had a weird side.  “Henry made sure that everybody knew he couldn’t tolerate peanuts, and everybody hated him.  How dumb was that?”
“That’s exactly what Ann said.”

Gail’s living room was anything but pink and fuzzy.  Dark lavender walls enclosed a pompous purple sofa and a matching armchair that rested on a worn, pseudo-Oriental rug covering most of the painted-brown hardwood floor.  Both a standup lamp and an end-table lamp were heavily shaded in maroon.  The ambiance was early gypsy, and the affect was somnolent.
So were Gail’s eyes as she sat on the sofa keeping the length of Slamm’s possible reach between them.  “Is it time for me to leave?” he asked following her hand-shielded yawn.
“No.  Stay awhile.”  She pulled her legs up onto the cushion and curled like a kitten into the crook of the sofa.  “There’s some sherry in the kitchen in the cupboard over the stove.”
“Okay.”
“It’s cream sherry—sweet.  Is that okay, Jack?”
“With you, anything would be okay,” Slamm said then bit his lip.  When he returned with the sherry, he said, “Strike that last statement.  I forgot for a moment that I’m not your type.”  He placed the amber-filled bottle and two glasses on the coffee table before the sofa.
“You come close enough to drink with,” she sighed, holding out a delicate hand for her glass of sherry.
Slamm thought about dumping the drink into her tight cleavage, but instead he heard himself say, “Well, drink up.  Maybe I’ll come closer.”  Slamm shook his confused head.  “Damn it!  I did it again.”
Her smile seemed a little smug, but she clicked her glass against his, and they drank and drank again.
Slamm couldn’t take his eyes off her full lips wet with sherry.  She noticed.  “You want to kiss me, Jack?” she half whispered.
“Sure I do, but you want to tell me what’s going on?”
“Curiosity.”  She sat her glass down onto the coffee table.  “I’ve got a bit of a buzz on, and I’m silly enough to want to find out what you’ve got.”
He took her by the shoulders and pulled her to him, slipped his arms around her back, and welded his mouth to hers.  He then followed with the tip of his tongue pressed against the tip of hers, and considered tongue wrestling but postponed it as being premature.  He counted off ten seconds, just to control himself, and then came up for air.
“Not bad,” she whispered still in his arms.  “Do it again.  This time a little harder—a little rougher.  You’re a tough guy, remember?”
He kissed her again, and she wrapped her arms around his neck.  They went down into the softness of the sofa.

She fixed him scrambled eggs, toast and jelly with orange juice and coffee on the side.  She had let him take a shower and use her razor to shave.  He was beginning to feel at home until, after breakfast, she kissed him again and handed him his hat.  Slamm stood in the kitchen turning his fedora over in his hands.  “That’s it?” he asked.
“That’s it, Jack.  I like you.  I like you a lot.  You’re a nice mix of tough and sweet.  And you’re dynamite in the sack.  But…”
“I’m not your type.”
“Right.”
“Damn it to hell, woman.  What is your type?”
“I’m no hypocrite, Jack.  I’ll give it to you straight.  My type is rich, successful, powerful.  You could be all of those, but you’re not.”

CHAPTER TWELVE

Slamm bypassed his apartment and went straight to his office.  Maybe, just maybe, there would be a potential client waiting or calling or sleeping in his doorway.  He needed to get busy, to have something to think about other than Gail.  And it wouldn’t hurt to make a little bread.  He arrived at his office with a knot in his gut and the smell of Gail still swirling in his head.  He found no relief waiting at his door or listed on his call waiting.
There was a naked sun in the sky at long last.  Through the window, it projected a rectangle of searching light that crept across the bare-wood floor as Slamm waited for nothing and drank all but the last shot of his cheap whiskey.  He had been desperate before, but it was a different kind of desperation that he felt as he sat behind his desk watching the sunlight creep across the floor.  He wasn’t desperate over what might happen.  He was desperate over the realization that nothing would likely ever happen to change his life.  That he would sit in his dingy office forever waiting for two-bit assignments.  Or worse, be out on the street.  He reached into his breast pocket and lifted out Ace’s business card.  He decided to accept Ace’s invitation.  The phone rang.
“Jack Slamm detective agency,” he announced.  There was no voice on the other end—only the sound of breathing.  “Hello,” Slamm insisted.
“Is this Mr. Slamm?” a young, uncertain voice asked.
“Yes.  Who is this?”
“This is Freddie.”
Slamm needed a second for comprehension before responding.  Of all the people in the World… Freddie?  “What’s on your mind, Freddie?”  You little, degenerate twerp.
“I can’t talk now, Mr. Slamm,” he said in a hushed tone.  “My mom is in the next room.  Can I come to your office in about a half hour?”
“Okay, Freddie.  I’ll be waiting for you.”  You poor, sick bastard.  Click.
Freddie arrived on time, out of breath, and in his white outfit.  He was both excited and nervous.  He sat in the chair before Slamm’s desk, and Slamm hoped nervous Freddie wouldn’t wet himself.
“Well, Freddie, what’s up?”  Slamm leaned forward with his elbows on the desk top.  Whatever it was, it should be entertaining.
“Ann said you don’t work for her no more.”
“Ann told you that?”
“Yeah.  She called me up on the phone and told me you don’t work for her.”
“She called you?”
“Yeah.  She wants me to do something for her.”
“What?”
“She said that if I will do it for her she will be my girlfriend.”
Slamm leaned back in his spring-loaded swivel chair.  “Freddie, I hate to break it to you, but you’ve had a dream.  Go home and take a cold shower.  And take your medication—Haldol, or whatever you’re probably on.”
“No, no, honest!  It’s true!  It’s true!  She’s been letting me come over.”
Freddie was becoming agitated and was clawing at his left arm, so Slamm decided to listen.  “Okay, Freddie, tell me more.  What does she want you to do for her?”
“Something bad.  I could go to jail,” he whispered hoarsely.  “She said if I would do it for her, she will let me—you know—do things with her.”
“What things?”
“You know.”  He hunched his shoulders and made a giggling sound that came from deep in his throat.
“I think I know, but I want to be sure.  It’s hard to believe.”
“You know.”  Freddie wiggled his fingers in front of himself as if he were testing the ripeness of peaches.  "Do things”
“Have sex with her,” Slamm answered for Freddie.  Freddie swayed in the chair at the mere thought of it, and Slamm was concerned that the boy might faint and fall onto his already damaged brain.  “Easy, Freddie.  Take it easy.  Have you ever had a drink of whiskey?”
“No,” Freddie panted.
“Well, I think your time has come.”  Slamm poured the last dollop of his cheap booze into a glass and pushed it across the desk.  “Drink this, Freddie, all at once—one big gulp.  You’ll feel better.”
Freddie was accustomed to following orders.  It was the only way he could make it through life.  He threw his head back and the whiskey down his throat.  His head came forward.  A moment passed, and then his eyes bulged and filled up with tears.  His mouth fell open, and he sucked in enough air to inflate a plastic love doll.  “I’m dying,” he choked.
“Nah, you’re not dying.  You’re just becoming a man.  It’s a lot like dying.  But you’re not dying.”  Slamm leaned back in his chair.  “So, what does Ann want you to do for her?”
“I can’t breathe.”
“You’ll have to exhale first, and then you can breathe.  You said that she wants you to do something bad.”
“She wants me to steal something from a pawn shop,” Freddie managed to gasp.  “She gave me the combination numbers to the safe.”  He gasped again.  “She wants me to open it and take out a big envelope with tape all over it.  She doesn’t want any money—just the big envelope.”
Slamm shook his head.  “That’s crazy.  Why in the World would she send you, of all people, to steal something from a safe?  You’re a clueless kid.”
“She said it would be easy.  All I have to do is wait until the owner is busy out back in the junkyard with somebody selling copper wire or car parts or something like that.”
“She’s a rotten bitch,” Slamm said aloud to himself.
“Who?  Ann?  You calling her names?”  Freddie had acquired some spirit and a slight slur.
“Listen, Freddie.  If you open that safe, you’ll go to jail.  There are security cameras watching everything.  Ann knows you’ll go to jail.  She’s willing to sacrifice you to get her hands on those papers.  That’s the real reason she didn’t want you arrested for braking into her apartment.  She wanted to keep you available.”
“You’re a liar,” Freddie screamed.  “Ann let me kiss her—on the lips.”
Slamm sighed.  “Why did you come to see me?”
“I’m afraid to do it alone.  I’ll pay you to help me.  I heard Ann’s mother say you were real broke.”
“Mrs. Cummings is in on this?”
“I don’t think so.  She just visits Ann a lot.  They talk and talk.  They talk about you a lot, and it makes them fight.  I think Ann likes you, but she likes me more.”
“I wonder if they compare notes,” Slamm said thinking out loud again.
“Huh?”
“Nothing, Freddie.  Did Ann happen to say how she got hold of the safe combination?”
“I asked her,” Freddie boasted and hiccupped.
“Hey, good for you.”
“She said she learned the numbers from her husband.  He was in business with the pawnshop man.  He’d put stuff in the safe himself.  I think it was stuff he had stolen.  He was no good.  He was mean to Ann.  I’m glad he’s dead.”
“Okay, Freddie, I’m going to help you.”
“Really?”
“In fact, I’m going to do better than help you.”  Slamm leaned forward and grinned, but he had his fingers crossed in case he was lying.  “I’m going to do the job all by myself.  Of course, you’ll have to pay me.  How much money you got?”  Slamm wanted to disguise his motive.
“Two hundred and seventy-five dollars.”  Freddie began digging his hard-earned crumpled bills out of his pocket.
“No, not now, Freddie.  Pay me when the job is done.  And don’t tell Ann that I’m the one stealing the papers.  You want her bumping you, not me.  Right?”
“Right, right!”
“Ann had me memorize the numbers and had me practice them on a combination lock.  Twelve—ten—thirty-five.
Slamm had his notepad and pen ready.  “Twelve—ten—thirty-five.  Got it.”

Slamm arrived at the pawnshop early in the afternoon and his brand new fedora kept the sun out of his eyes.  He was there, not for the papers, but for information.  Before he was willing to go ahead and involve himself in the paper game and risk jail, he needed a better idea of what the game was all about.
Otto was not happy to see him and actually recoiled back out of reach behind the glass counter when Slamm entered through the front door.  Seeing Otto’s reaction, Slamm visualized how menacing he, Slamm, must look with his fedora pulled low over his eyes, Bogart style.  “I want to talk to you,” he announced sternly, playing the part.
“I haven’t made up my mind,” Otto pleaded.  “Tell Ann I still have the papers.  I haven’t destroyed them yet.”  Otto swallowed hard.  “But I will if she doesn’t back off a little.  She’s bleeding Molly and Ron white.  Ace is going to start wondering where all the money he’s giving Molly is going.  We don’t want Ace wondering about anything.”
“Why don’t you give the papers back to Ann, and you’ll be out of it?”
“Is that why she sent you here—to get the papers from me?  I thought she would pull something like that pretty soon.  She knows I’m getting nervous about the whole thing.”  Otto sat down on his high stool.  Sweat was putting a nice shine on his bald head.
He continued:  “No way I’m going to let those papers out where they might circulate.  They either stay locked up or I burn them.  And the way things are going right now, I’m leaning towards burning them.”  Otto stood up straight like a brave man before a firing squad.  “Go ahead and beat me up.  I’d rather take a beating than have to face Ace.”
Slamm had his information.  He now knew what the game was, and he was in the game to win.  He turned and walked out.

CHAPTER THIRTEEN

 Ace was waiting at the open door of his uptown hotel suite when Slamm arrived stepping out of a smooth-running, musical elevator.  “Right on time.  Glad you made it, Slamm.  Come in.”
Slamm removed his hat and entered a foyer that itself was plush with what appeared to be a red velvet Chippendale settee resting on a thick red carpet.  Most astonishing, Ace was robed in ornate, blue Japanese silk.  A pig in white tie and tails would have looked more apropos.
Slamm said, “This is quite a contrast to Tubb’s bar.”
“I live in two worlds.  Come on into the rest of the place.”
The living room was magnificent—fit for a prince, overdone for a homicidal lunatic.  The spacious room was dominated by a starburst chandelier the size of Andromeda that coruscated above original oils by Newton Crabbe and watercolors by Ralph Bell that hung over Chippendale and William-and-Mary furniture together with a gold and crystal serving stand waiting before a Sheraton sofa.  On the serving stand, a crystal decanter and two delicate goblets also waited.  A fluffy, white kitten was curled up on the sofa.
“Sit, sit,” Ace demanded.  “Have some brandy—imported.”
“Sure.”
“What do you think of this place?  Classy, huh?  I own it.”
“Yeah, sure is.  Chippendale, Sheraton, Newton Crabbe, all good stuff.”
“Hey, I’m impressed again.  How do you know these things?”
“My parents are well to do.  They bought into Wendy’s when it was penny stock.  They’re nouveau riche, but my grandfather who’s a European blueblood gives the family class and tells them what to buy.
“And you’re a boxer.”  Ace laughed with a surprising hint of nervousness.  “How did that set with them?”
“Nothing I do sets well with them.  I’m the black sheep of the family.  I’m disinherited like Ivanhoe.”
Ace’s smile faded.  He poured the drinks.  “I saw Mom the other day, and she didn’t seem very glad to see me.  She gave me the bum’s rush.”
Slamm held up his drink.  “To black sheep.”
Ace’s smile returned.  “To black sheep.”  They tapped their goblets together.  The crystals sang.
“Hey, Big Shot, how about some music?”
“Sure.”
“You come from a classy family.  You like classical?”
“Yeah.”
“Who do you like?  I got them all: Bach, Mozart, Beethoven, Wagner…”
“Tchaikovsky.”
“Well goddamn it and fuck.  So do I.”  Ace pushed a button hidden under an end table.  A file of CDs rose from nowhere.  Ace selected one, inserted it into a slot, and the whole thing disappeared back into the table.  Tchaikovsky’s Fifth Symphony thundered from every direction from hidden speakers.  “Tchaikovsky and Wagner are my favorites,” Ace shouted while drumming his cantaloupe-size fists to the music. 
Molly entered the room from a sliding door.  She also wore Japanese silk, red.  Her hair looked like dry straw.  “Do you have to play that fucking Russian ever night?” she screamed.
“Shut up!” Ace roared.  “Take a bath.”  Molly slammed the door between them.  “Damn woman.  I don’t know why I keep her around.  She’s mouthy.  She’s high half the time.  And she’s dirty.”
“Does she look like your mother?”
Ace almost dropped his drink.  “What are you, a goddamn psychologist?”
Slamm shrugged.  “Just a thought.”
“Molly,” Ace shouted, “get in here.”
After a long wait, the sliding door slowly opened, and Molly appeared clinging to the doorway.  “I’m sorry, Honey.  I didn’t mean nothing.  It’s just that I got this awful headache.”
Slamm was getting a headache.
“Come here,” Ace ordered.
Molly was visibly trembling as she baby-stepped across the room.  “I didn’t mean nothing, Honey.”
“It’s okay, Molly,” Ace said.  “I just want to look at you.”
Molly fussed with her straw hair.  “I’ve got the bath water running.”  She came to a stop at Ace’s feet and was still fussing with her hair.
Ace stood up.  “Hold still.  I want to look at you.”  Ace squinted as he studied her face.  “Holy crap!”
“What’s going on, Honey?” Molly asked as Ace moved his head from side to side perusing her from different angles.
“Go take a bath,” Ace said and sat back down.  Molly ran from the room.  Ace took a drink.  “You’re right, Slamm.  She resembles my mom.  The same narrow face.  The same big cheekbones.  The same Rod Stuart hairdo.”  He gulped his drink again.  “I can’t get over it.  How come I never noticed?”
“What did you want to see me about?” Slamm interposed Ace’s train of thought.
“Huh?  What?  Oh, yeah.”  Ace worked a remote control and Tchaikovsky was reduced from a thunderstorm to a summer downpour.  Ace sat back and crossed his legs business like.  “I’ve got a job to do.  It’s a two-man job.  I can’t use Ron anymore.  He’s too fried.  It’s a fifty thousand-dollar contract.  Help me pull it off, and your cut will be twenty thousand.  That’s ten more than I would pay Ron.”
“Are you going to shoot somebody?”
“Well, yeah, sure.  You think I sell real-estate?”
“No, thanks.  I’m not into murder.”
Ace’s expression showed a hint of anger that immediately subsided in a controlled manner.  “Murder really isn’t the word, Slamm.”  His tone was even.  “The target is a mange rat that heads a child- pornography setup.  They kidnap little kids.  A mother out shopping in a supermarket turns around, and her little girl is gone.  They make videos of the little girl with some dope-head jamming his…”
Slamm interrupted, “Yeah, I got the idea.”
“They use the little girl until she starts to change; then they either dump her on the street or kill her.  Sometimes they kill her on video and sell the video to other guys who also need to be burned alive.  I can show you some of the videos.  They’ll bring out the killer in you.”
“No, no, I don’t want to see any of it.  It’s tough enough just knowing that it happens.”
“Well, that’s my target, the piece of shit who finances the operation.  I take him out, and the operation falls apart.  I’d be happy to shoot the bastard for free, but there is an organization that is paying me fifty grand to do it.  I’ll take their money.”
“Why me, Ace?  Tubb’s bar is full of needy types.”
Ace refilled the goblets.  “I like you, Slamm.  Think what you could do with twenty grand.  You could set yourself up in a swanky office uptown Columbus.  Hire a pretty secretary.  Place a full-page ad in the yellow pages and the newspapers.  And start making some real money.  You’ll get nowhere working out of that rattrap office you’re in now.  It takes money to make money.”  Ace added: “Unless you do what I do—shoot mange rats.”
Slamm turned the crystal goblet around in his hand and studied the light coruscating off the ornate engraving.  Gail would look good drinking from something like it.  “What would I have to do?  Just saying I might be interested.”
“I’ll do the shooting,” Ace confirmed.  “What I need is a stakeout.  With you being a shamus, that should be right up your alley.  The target lives on a big, two-story houseboat anchored out in the middle of Madison Lake.  He has two heavies protecting him all the time.  He has a lot of parties on the boat and rarely comes to shore.  But sometimes he does.  I need you to watch the boat and tell me when he comes ashore.  That’s all there is to it.  Twenty grand to sit in a hotel room near the shoreline and look at the lake.”
“I’ve got to think it over.”
“Sure, Slamm, do that, but don’t take too much time making up your mind.  The group that’s paying wants it done before there’s another victim, and so do I.  That can happen any day.”  Ace shook his head at the thought.  “If you need some help making up your mind, I can show you the video of that little girl being strangled.”  The kitten crawled up onto Ace’s lap.

When Slamm returned to his office, Freddie was sitting against the door.  “Did you get the big envelop Mr. Slamm?”
Slamm stood looking down at Freddie’s eager, pimply face.  “Not yet, Freddie,” he said, and Freddie’s grin dropped like the curtain on a bad play.   Slamm felt sorry for the poor boob and added, “But, what the hell, let’s you and I go get them?”
“Now?”
“Right now.”

They arrived at Otto’s pawnshop at closing time.  Otto had his key in the door when Slamm pushed his way in almost knocking Otto over.  Freddie followed.  Slamm closed the door behind him and turned the key locking it.
Otto said, “This is getting tiresome.  I’m calling the police.”  He stomped to the glass counter and picked up the receiver of an old rotary phone.
“Yeah?  You do that.”  Slamm walked past Otto to the back door that opened to the junkyard.  He stood in the open doorway for a moment taking inventory of the mounds of things of metal.  “Go ahead.  Call the cops.  I’ll suggest they take a tour through this labyrinth of junk.  I’ll suggest they check the vehicle identification numbers on some of the cars you have lined up against the fence.  We’ll all take a look at the spools of used copper wire over there and the stacks of aluminum gutters, and you can tell them where it all came from.  They’ll want to check with your sources, see the copies of your invoices.”
“The cops have been here before,” Otto stated wearily.  “We have an understanding.”
“Was Lieutenant Bricker with them?” Slamm said, reinstating Bricker’s former rank.  “I know Lieutenant Bricker, and he takes his time.  And that’s all he takes.  Here, let me make that call.”
“You’re bluffing.  I said the cops and I have an understanding.”  “If you wish to make a call…” sounded from the receiver.  Otto hung up.
Slamm closed the door and walked back to the center of the shop.  “Bricker won’t understand.  I know him personally.  He’ll want to check things, like the serial numbers on the stuff in here.”  Slamm grabbed a shogun off a rack.  “Take this twelve gage for instance.”  He opened the breach with a sharp click.  “Brand new.  Still has the manufacture’s cutting oil in it.  Never been sold.  Now, how did you get a hold of an expensive shotgun that never made it to market?”  Slamm concluded his bluff.  For all Slamm knew, Bricker was as venal as the others.
“Okay, you made your point three times over.  What do you want this time?”  Otto moved behind the counter to where a row of handguns was on display behind the glass.  Slamm noticed a glint of copper showing in a chamber of one of the revolvers.
“I want the papers.”
“Get out!”
Slamm hung his hat over the lens of the security camera that spied from over the door.  Then, using the length of the shotgun, he turned the eye of the camera in the far corner towards the wall.  “Freddie,” he summoned.
Freddie had remained transfixed just inside the door.  “Yeah, Mr. Slamm?”
“Get the papers out of the safe.”
Otto reached into the glass counter for the loaded revolver, but Slamm had anticipated the move and pulled and fired his .32.  The front of the glass counter exploded from the impact of the expanding slug, and Otto stumbled back, his hand cut.
Slamm blew the smoke from his gun Randolph Scott style and pushed it back into its holster.  He was still a little drunk from his party with Ace.  “Has human life no value anymore?” Slamm complained facetiously.  “You were going to shoot the kid and me, and tell your friends, the cops, it was a holdup.”
“It is a holdup!” Otto shouted as he dragged a handkerchief from his pocket and wrapped it around his bleeding hand.  “I have every right to shoot you.  You’re nothing but a couple of…”  Otto stopped himself.  Shouting at somebody who is trigger happy is not a wise thing to do.  “You don’t know what you’re getting into,” he said instead.
“Sure I do.  It’s obvious.  Those papers you’re so worried about contain some kind of information that would make Ace very unhappy.  He would be especially unhappy with Molly and Ron.  They believe Ann has the papers in her possession.  Ann is using the papers to blackmail them.  That’s how she can afford to stay in her expensive apartment.  Molly and Ron are paying the rent, and then some.  To keep the papers secure, Ann has you keeping them in your safe like you used to keep hot stuff for Skull.  In return, you get a cut.  How am I doing so far, Otto?”
“If you’re so smart, you’ll turn around and walk out the door and forget what you know.”
Slamm smiled and continued, “But Ann has become greedy.  She’s insisting on more and more cash from Molly and her burned-out brother.  You’re worried that Ace will start wondering where all the money he gives Molly is going.  If he figures out what is happening, he might become so upset that he will start killing people, including you for taking part in the whole thing.  Does that sound about right?”
Otto sat down on his stool.  “I’m a dead man if those papers get loose.  What’s on those papers will tear Ace’s guts out.”
“Yeah?  That bad, huh?”
“He’ll go crazy.”
“You mean, crazier.”  Slamm recalled the cold touch of Ace’s .45 on the back of his neck.  “Anyway,” Slamm continued, “You’re a bit greedy yourself, Otto.  You could destroy the papers and Ann would have no proof.  It would be her word against the word of Ace’s woman.  But you can’t bring yourself to give up your cut.  In fact, you asked for a bigger cut, I’ll bet.  And I’ll bet you threatened to destroy them. That’s the only reason why Ann would want the papers back in her possession.”
Slamm pulled his gun again for effect and pointed it in the general direction of Otto as he spoke again to Freddie.  “Freddie, get the papers.”
Freddie had no trouble opening the safe.  Apparently, Ann had spent some time drilling him. “I got it, Mr. Slamm,” he celebrated holding up an office-size yellow envelope covered with cellophane tape and dog-eared.
“What are you going to do with it?” Otto asked Slamm in a tone of hopeless resignation.
Freddie, unable to contain himself, answered instead, “I’m giving it to Ann.  We’re going to have sex.”

CHAPTER FOURTEEN

All during the drive back to Slamm’s office, Freddie hugged the envelope as if it were Ann herself.  “Freddie,” Slamm said breaking a long silence, “I’ll need to keep the envelope at my office for a while.”
“Huh?  Why?”
Slamm didn’t know what his lie would be, but he started talking hoping something would develop as he went along.  “Have you ever had a girlfriend, Freddie?”
“Ah…no.”
 “Well, I have.  I’ve had a lot of women in my life, and I understand them.  I know what makes them happy and what doesn’t.”
“Really?”
“Oh, yeah.  Lots of women.  Lots of women.  And what I’ve discovered over the years is that all women love surprises.”
“What kind of surprises, Mr. Slamm?”
“Oh, little surprises.  Ah, nothing makes a woman lose interest in a man any faster than for him to always do and say the expected.  You have to be a mystery man, Freddie.  Women love a mystery man.  Once a woman has a man figured out, she loses interest.”  Slamm stopped to consider what he had just said and was surprised to realize that what he had just said was actually true.
“What’s that got to do with you keeping the papers, Mr. Slamm?”
“I’m getting there.  Just hear me out.”
“Okay.”
“Ah, the best way to keep a woman interested is to keep her guessing.  Now if you just hand over that envelope to Ann, she’ll be happy, sure.  She’s got what she wanted.  End of story.  It was all too easy and quick.  You see what I’m getting at, Freddie?”
“No, Sir.”
“You need to tease her a little.  You need to hold off just handing over the envelope.  You need to make her beg you for it.  Believe me; a woman loves a man who makes her beg for what she wants.  They’re like puppies.  They won’t roll over unless you tease them a little.”
“I should tease her until she rolls over?”
“Sure.  I’ve rolled over a lot of them, and I always had to tease them first.  I know.”
“But I still don’t see why you should hold on to the envelope.”
“Because, Freddie, you’re inexperienced when it comes to women.  You know that.  Ann will start begging you for the envelope, and you’ll give it to her.  You know you’ll run over to her place and just slap it in her hand.  She may give you sex once, but…”
“Once would be nice.”
“Yeah, I know, but let me tell you; once you’ve had sex, you have to have it again and again.  It’s very addictive.  Ann will let you do it once, maybe, maybe, and that’s it.  You’ll go crazy wanting more.  You better play it cool.  That’s another thing: Women love a man who’s cool.  You better let me hold onto the envelope for you while you string Ann along until she’s really, really hot for you.”
“You think so, Mr. Slamm?”
“I know so, Freddie.”  Freddie stopped hugging the envelope and handed it to Slamm.  Slamm added, “You let me know when you’re sure Ann is really turned on, and I’ll have the envelope gift wrapped and waiting for you.  That’s another thing: Women love pretty presents that they can open.”
“I appreciate you taking an interest in me, Mr. Slamm.”
“Are you getting excited, Freddie?”
“Yes, Sir, yes I am.” 

Slamm detoured to take Freddie to his job.  He was late for work as usual.  Then Slamm returned to his office with the envelope under his jacket.
This time, it was Gail waiting in the doorway hiding in the shadows away from the dim hallway light, thereby, rendering herself invisible to marauding rapists.  “Where have you been?” she scolded.
“I’m going to have to keep a chair out here in the hall,” Slamm said as he unlocked the door.
“Or keep regular business hours,” she responded with weary anger.
Either Gail had plans to attend a very swanky party, or she had dolled herself up for Slamm’s benefit—which seemed unlikely.  She was ultra-gorgeous in a simmering black gown that was molded to her exquisite frame like it had been glued on, and her long hair was twisted into dizzying spirals that bounced with every step she took on her black, stiletto heels.
Looking at her, Slamm again felt that gnawing ache somewhere deep inside his body or soul or both.  Gail herself seemed upset.  “Sit down,” Slamm invited.
She carefully ran her hands down the back of her thighs as she sat.  She was determined not to wrinkle her gown, so the gown wasn’t for Slamm’s eyes.  It was for later.  No surprise.
“I know my daughter,” she began.  “She’s worried about something, and it takes a lot to worry Ann.  It has to do with something she won’t talk to me about, and she has always told me everything.  Maybe there’s something you can do.  I don’t know where else to turn.  I’m all alone, except for Ann.”
Slamm took his professional place behind his desk.  “Go ahead.”
“I was in her apartment when she received a call from somebody she called Otto.  Do you know anything about somebody named Otto?”
“He owns the pawnshop I was telling you about.”
Tiny furrows formed above Gail’s large, hazel eyes.  “A pawnshop owner?  She must owe him a large amount of money.  I could see the stress in her eyes as she talked to him.  Is Otto a dangerous person?”
“That’s not it, Gail.  Otto was holding those papers that you and I talked about.  Ann wants them back because he was threatening to burn them.  The only thing Ann is worried about is who’s going to pay her rent if the papers are destroyed.”
“Oh, so that’s where she hid them.”  Gail paused.  “Wait a minute.  Did you say the pawnshop man was holding the papers?”  Slamm reached into his coat, pulled out the envelope, and slapped it down onto the desk.  “You have the papers!” she cheered.
“That’s what you wanted, right?” he boasted like a kid who made the team.
“I didn’t think you could really do it, but you did.”  She stared at him as if he were levitating.  “I could be wrong about you.”
“But I’m still not your type.  And you have a big date tonight.”
She didn’t answer.  Instead.  “Burn them!  Burn them right now!” she demanded.
“Calm down.  I will.  I’ll burn them, but first I have to show them to a couple of other people.  They’re paying me three thousand dollars to burn them.”
“No, no!” Gail shouted unladylike.  “Burn them now.  I can’t take a chance that those papers might fall into someone else’s hands.  Who are these other people?  They’re criminals, aren’t they?  My daughter’s life is at risk as long as those damnable papers exist, and you want to wait for some criminals to show up.”  She was now raving.  “Burn them now!”
“Come on, Gail.  I just need another hour or less, and I’ll be three thousand bucks richer.  Then you and I and the other couple can stand here and watch the papers burn in my wastebasket.  And maybe sing a few campfire songs.”
Gail put her hand into her tiny, black, sequin-adorned purse and brought out a tiny, nickel-plated gun—a derringer-look-alike.  Probably made in China.  “No, Slamm.”  She pointed the shinny gun at his midsection.  “Back away from the desk.”
“You’d shoot me?”
“To save my daughter?  You bet I will.  You think the other night meant anything to me?  It didn’t.  Back away from the desk.  I’m not going to tell you again.”
“Who do you think you’re kidding?  You won’t shoot.  You haven’t got the guts.”
It was after business hours, and the overhead light went out, the electricity being part of the rent.  Gail was suddenly standing in the glow from the streetlight that streamed through the window and fell on her like a stage light.  She was surprised for only a second.  “Don’t move,” she warned Slamm’s murky silhouette, but he moved.  He picked up the envelope, folded it, and shoved it into his jacket pocket.  Gail pointed her shiny gun more deliberately.  “I swear I’ll shoot.”
“I’m calling the other people,” Slamm said as he lifted the receiver of his desk phone, gambling that she wouldn’t pull the trigger, or, if she did, she would miss in the dark.  Her little gun was now shaking like a James Bond martini.  “You can wait here with me, or I’ll call you when they arrive.”
Gail, looking very noir and beautiful in the sharp light, fired her little gun, filling the block of light with swirling smoke.
Slamm couldn’t believe it.  She did it.  He was hit.  First came the hard punch, then the hot sting.  He dropped the receiver, fell back onto his chair, pulled his Beretta on the way down, aimed, and wondered why he wasn’t returning fire.  The derringer-look-alike had two barrels.  She shot him once, and she could shoot him again.  He was furious, and he was keenly aware of the cold touch of his trigger against his finger, but the trigger finger refused to move.  Stupid finger.
He stiffened and was waiting for her to take her second shot when he heard the click of the hammer fall against an empty chamber.  Had she loaded only one of the two barrels?  Was the cheap gun defective?  Or had she already shot some other dumb sucker just for the hell of it?  Whatever, it confirmed Slamm’s belief in Angels.
She opened her hand, and the empty gun dropped to the floor with a clunk.  The glow from the streetlight showed tears glinting in her eyes.  “Give me the papers.  I beg you.”
Slamm lifted his .32 into the light where she could see it.  “My turn.  You want to start running around the room?”
“Please, Slamm.  Ann is all I have in the world.”
“Don’t you have a party or something to go to?”
“Please, Slamm.  Give me the papers.”?
Slamm had been holding his wounded side.  He slid his right hand out from under his jacket and held it out into the light.  His hand was full of blood, a crimson, dripping sheen .  “Get out,” he said in an even tone, his gun still in his hand.
“I shot you!” she gasped.
“Yeah, that will happen when you point a gun at somebody and pull the trigger.”
“I was so upset I wasn’t thinking,” she bawled.
“Tell it to the judge.  Now get out while you can.”
She ran from the office crying, leaving the door open behind her.  Slamm listened to her stiletto heels clicking away down the hall.  Then silence.  Pain.  “Why the hell is she crying?” Slamm grunted aloud to himself.  “I’m the one who’s shot.” 

CHAPTER FIFTEEN

Hospitals have to report gunshot wounds to the police, and Slamm felt a little antsy about talking to the cops after robbing a pawnshop, especially one that had an arrangement with them.  Instead of seeking medical attention, like he had any sense, he took his bleeding right side home to his apartment.
He stood shirtless before the cracked mirror over his dresser.  A neat pencil-size hole was in his right flank.  Three inches behind it was another hole a little more ragged.  The .22 slug went in and out of his love handle.  Hopefully, it hadn’t invaded his abdomen but only passed through skin and subcutaneous tissue.  Slamm was sure that he would be feeling a lot worse if it had penetrated the muscle wall.
He washed the wound with soap and water at the bathroom sink, covered each little hole with a Band-Aid, and lay across his bed.  He licked his lips.  He would sell his sweet old grandma into hard slavery for a drink.  He fell asleep.
When a loud knocking on his door woke him, he moved and his damaged side felt like it had been hit by a sledgehammer.  He glanced at it.  His side had turned black-and-blue around the front Band-Aid.  His gun and the cryptic envelope lay on the bed beside him.  He picked up the gun, got up, and walked to the door.  He was still shirtless.  “Who’s there?”
“Ace.”
Slamm tossed the gun back onto the bed and opened the door.
“I heard you were shot.”  Ace held a bottle in his hand.  Slamm pointed at his side.  Ace leaned over for a closer look and laughed.  “Band-Aids?”
“I’m all out of tourniquets.  Come in.  How did you know I was shot?”
“You’re a lucky son-of-a-bitch.”  Ace stomped into the room and looked around.  “This place is almost as charming as your office.”
“Thanks, but it could use a little more paint to support the walls.  How did you know I was shot?” he repeated.
“Ann told me.  Her mother is over at Ann’s crying her eyes out over killing you.  Her mother had a big date tonight with some old, rich zillionaire, but she stood him up grieving over you.”
“Gee, that’s sweet.  I hope she enters a convent and spends the rest of her life doing penance.”
Ace held up his bottle.  “Are we going to drink this, or are we going to stand here in the doorway all night crying over your scratch?”
“Find a seat if you can,” Slamm said and went looking for something for them to put their drinks in.  He wasn’t keen about sharing spit with Ace.  He found a glass on the dresser and a plastic tumbler on the bathroom sink.  When he returned to his combination living room/bed room, he found Ace sitting on the bed and holding the yellow envelope in his hand.  Slamm stopped in his tracks.
“Is this full of money?” Ace quipped.  “It’s got more tape wrapped around it than a broken baseball bat.”
“I wish.  I’d buy me a chair,” Slamm droned deliberately and stepped forward holding out the glass.  “It’s just some business junk.”  Change the subject.  “So, you and Ann still keep in touch, huh?”
Ace tossed the envelope back onto the bed.  “Sure.  Ann and I go back to when Skull and I were jacking trucks.  She was the dispatcher who tipped us off when the good stuff was rolling.  We’ve been friends ever since.  She calls me now and then, and we compare notes.  Yeah, Ann and I are like family.”  Ace filled Slamm’s tumbler then his own and set the bottle on the floor.  “Sit down, Slamm.  You’re making me nervous.”
“I’m making you nervous?  Who’s the hit man here?”  Slamm sat on the bed and on top of the envelope.
“I don’t like somebody standing over me.  It makes me feel like I’m being interrogated.”
“That makes sense,” Slamm groaned as he settled onto the bed.
Ace pointed at Slamm’s side.  “You know you’re damn lucky that slug went through your chicken fat.  A low velocity twenty-two is a very mean slug if it hits you solid.  It won’t go through you.  It will just ricochet around inside your ribcage like a Ping-Pong ball.”
“Have you ever used a twenty-two on anybody?”
Ace reared his big head back.  “What?  Do you think I’m some kind of monster?  The guys I hit are usually killers themselves; still I exercise as much mercy as possible.  Damn, I’m no ghoul, Slamm.”  Ace seemed truly distressed by Slamm’s remark.  “I send a forty-five slug through the lower back of their heads.  It cuts through their brainstem and goes into the frontal cortex.  They never know what hit them.  No pain.  Bang!  Eternity.”
“You’re all heart.”
Ace’s small eyes bulged like marbles.  “Are you trying to be funny, Slamm?”
“Yeah.” Slamm took a casual drink, but he felt his heart skip a beat.
Ace continued staring at Slamm for an infinite second, and then he burst into a terrible laughter.  “I love you, Slamm,” he laughed.  “You’re not afraid of me.”
“Why should I be?  I can pull a trigger too.”  Slamm also discovered that he was a fine actor.  His pulse slowed to a hundred beats per.
“Oh, but there’s more to the business than just trigger pulling.  That’s the easy part, Buddy.  The talent lies in the planning.  Catching the target unaware.  Doing the job where and when the target least expects it.  In and out in a second without leaving a trace, and taking the body with me.  That takes talent.”
Slamm felt his skin shiver and poured himself another drink.  The envelope was burning under his butt.  Ace was insane.
Ace continued, “Now consider two jungle cats.  Both cats have the same kind of teeth and claws, but one is better at stalking and ambushing.  That one is going to eat more often than the other one does.  You see?”
“So, you’re a jungle cat?”
“You’re being funny again, right?” Ace said without laughing.
Slamm realized that he had pushed the casual wise-guy routine too far.  “Hey, it’s your analogy.”
Ace thought about it for another endless moment.  “Yeah, that’s fair,” he finally agreed.  “So, you want to earn that twenty thousand bucks?”
“I’m tempted.  I got to get out of my rut before I need trifocals.  Who would hire a private eye who wears trifocals?”
“Then it’s yes?”
“A strong maybe.  I like the money.  But I had to kill a guy once.  It was self-defense.  He had a knife.”  Slamm pointed to the deep scar on his chin.  “It would have been my throat if I hadn’t ducked my chin.  Still, killing the guy bothers me.”
“No kidding?  Well, Buddy, it’s a dirty job, but somebody has to do it.”
Slamm studied Ace.  He was dead serious.  Killing was just a job.
A half dozen drinks later, Ace leaned back on the bed, and his elbow landed on Slamm’s Beretta.  He picked it up, examining it again.  “I can’t believe a big guy like you carries a little gun.  Is this all you got?”
Guns and death.  Slamm wondered if Ace ever talked about anything else.  “No, I have an old Remington forty-four, but it doesn’t work.  The cylinder won’t rotate.”
“Where is it?  I know about guns.  Maybe I can fix it.”
Slamm almost groaned, but caught himself in time.  “Top drawer of my dresser under my socks.”
The bed groaned when Ace lifted his heavy butt and stepped up to the dresser.  He opened the drawer, hesitated, then reached in retrieving, not a gun, but a foot-high statuette.  “What’s this?” he asked holding the statuette up.
Slamm looked up wearily.  “That’s the Virgin Mary.  My mother sent it to me.”
“Your mom sent you this?  That’s nice.  That’s real nice.”  Ace set the figure down onto the dresser, backed up, sat on the bed, and stared at the statuette.  “What does she do?”
“Who?  My mother?”
“No, the Virgin Mary.  I’ve heard the name before.”
Slamm took another drink.  “She prays for lost souls.  I guess.”
“Like you and me?” Ace asked.
“Yeah, I suppose.”
“Why do you keep it in your drawer?”
“My mother sent it to me to trouble my conscience.  She disapproves my lifestyle.”
“So you hide it.  Your mom knows what she’s doing.  And she cares for you.”  Ace touched his eyes with his sleeve.  “That’s nice.  They only thing my mom ever gave me was a beating.”
Slamm looked at Ace and worried that the crazy guy might start blubbering.  “I think we’ve had too much to drink, Ace.”
“It’s beautiful.”
“It’s hand-carved white jade, inlayed with silver.”
“Expensive, huh?”
“Oh, yeah.”
“And you hide it in your sock and gun drawer.”
Slamm didn’t reply.
“She looks so sweet and kind.  I guess she would have to be to pray for lost souls.”  Ace stood up and approached the dresser as if it were an altar.  “I’ll give you a thousand bucks for it.”
“Come on, Ace.  You’re drunk.”
Ace reached into his hip pocket and jerked out a fat wallet.  He wobbled as he peeled out a fan of bills.  “Here, Slamm, take it.  Two thousand.”
“My mother gave it to me.”
“And you hide it in your goddamn sock drawer for crying-out-loud.”  When Slamm hesitated, Ace slapped the money down onto the dresser and snatched up the statuette.  He stood holding it, turning it around in his thick hands.  “I’m putting her out in plain sight.  How can you hide her in your sock drawer?  Is nothing sacred to you?  Goddamn.”  He was still mumbling as he stumbled out the door, leaving Slamm more alone than he was before.

After Ace had gone, graciously leaving the bottle behind, Slamm took another look at himself in the cracked mirror.  In the mirror, he saw a big red sucker like the one in the old Looney Tunes cartoons where the wolf, having been outsmarted by Droopy, sees himself as a big red sucker.  Slamm was actually considering becoming an accomplice with a homicidal bedlamite in the murder of another criminal so as to acquire money to finance a successful business that might impress a woman who just shot him.  A guy can’t get much more suckered than that.
Slamm drank straight from the bottle.  He was feeling kind of coo-coo bananas himself, and his side hurt, and his conscience hurt.  The open dresser drawer seemed painfully empty.  He shoved it closed, and he shoved the damnable envelope under his mattress—the first place anyone would look, but he was too weary and drunk to care.  He kicked off his shoes, pants, and bloody shorts and lay down on the bed again.  The room was spinning, so he closed his eyes and was almost asleep when knocking sounded again.
Dragging himself out of bed while hoping it wasn’t Ace come back for his bottle, or Gail with another gun, he stood up with his gun behind his back and waited while the door creaked open.  It was Gail, but she was still crying.  Slamm shoved the gun back under his pillow and threw his hands up.  “Don’t shoot,” he begged.
“I’m sorry,” she blubbered.  “I was out of my mind worrying about Ann.”
“Yeah, right.  What can a worried girl do except shoot somebody?”
“May I come in?”
“Leave your gun with the sheriff,” Slamm said, while he slipped into his bathrobe, remembering he was naked.  The third time for Gail.  Maybe he should start charging her.
“Ace told Ann that you weren’t hurt too badly.”  Gail’s black gown was wrinkled after all, and she wasn’t as confident on her stiletto heels as before.  Her eyes were puffy.  That helped.  Slamm knew that she couldn’t fake puffy.  “I came here to beg you to forgive me.”
“And not press charges,” Slamm added.
“Press your charges, and I still want you to forgive me.”
“Okay.  I’ll press my pants instead,” Slamm relented, as he knew he would.  “Sit down.  Have a drink.  What the hell.”
They sat on the bed.
“Does it hurt?”
“Only when I laugh at shooting jokes.”  He handed her the bottle.  He watched her drink, exposing her smooth throat, her full, moist lips pressed around the hard lips of the bottle.  She lowered the bottle, gasped softly, beautifully, and handed the bottle back to him.
“Ann is all I have in this world…”
Slamm interrupted, “You’ve already covered that pretty good.”
“Isn’t there anyone you love so much that you’ll do anything, anything at all to protect her?”
Slamm didn’t want to play her game.  “You know that Ann is a crook, don’t you?”
“She’s done some things I don’t approve of, but I wouldn’t call her a crook.”
“I would.  She’s been blackmailing Ace’s woman, Molly, and her brother.  If they don’t pay up, she’ll turn Ace loose on them, and he will most likely kill them—being that, that’s his style.  She’s been demanding more and more money from them to the point where they can’t pay without risking arousing Ace’s suspicion.  Ace supports them.  You don’t think that, that is some serious stuff?”
“I know all of that, but I don’t believe she would actually show the papers to Ace.  She’s bluffing,” Gail pleaded.
“I wouldn’t count on it.  She sent that poor idiot, Freddie, to steal the papers from the pawnshop safe.  That makes me think she wasn’t bluffing.  She could bluff without actually possessing them.  Not only that, she hired me to put the fear into people she said might do her harm.  But that was a ruse.  She knew no one wanted her dead enough to risk murdering her.  If one of them did, what was he or she waiting for?  Ann had been living alone for over a year.”  Slamm stopped to hiccup.  “What she really wanted was to have me stir up the pot.  My going around asking Ace, Molly, and Otto a bunch of loaded questions was meant to scare the hell out of Molly into forking over more cash, and stopping Otto from wanting a bigger cut for himself.  And that’s exactly what happened—the pot got stirred up real good.  Once that was accomplished, she told me to get lost.”
Gail buried her face in her hands.  “I don’t know what to do.”
“I know what I’m going to do.  I don’t like being made a chump.  And she made a total chump of me.  She pretended she was a lady in distress and I was her knight in shining armor.  She laid a big guilt trip on me for taking the last of her money.  Which wasn’t true.  She let me kiss her, then played it coy.  She played me like a cheap violin.”  Slamm lifted the bottle and took a determined drink.  He didn’t mind sharing spit with Gail.  “I’m going to solve that damn murder.  I’m not going to stop looking until I know who killed that miserable sonabitch.  What do you think of that?”
Gail looked up from her tear-soaked hands.  “I think you talk a lot when you’re drunk.  And you’re nuts.”
“Yeah, well, maybe you killed him.  Maybe Ann did it.  Maybe you both did it.  You two cooked the killing beans, and the nuts had to be  cooked in—the way I figure it—or Skull would have tasted them—like he would have if somebody at the party just stirred them in.”
“You’re drunk out of your mind.”
“So what?  I’m not kidding.  Somebody is going to end up walking the last mile, and that’s a promise.”  Slamm fell back across the bed with a groan.  “Ann really played me for a fool—‘Oh, save me, you big hunk of wonderful’,” he snorted.
Gail fell next to him.  “I had a date tonight,” she whispered in his ear.
“So what?”
“He is a very, very rich old man.  We were going to fly to Paris in his personal jet.”
“Big deal.”
“It was a big deal.  I was going to sleep with him.  Show him the best time he ever had in his long, long life, so he would want to keep me.”
“Lots of integrity in your family.”
“I was rich once.  Now I’m poor.  Rich is better.  I want to be rich again.  I want to have smart, rich friends again.”
“What happened to your former smart, rich friends?”
“The problem was I couldn’t stop thinking about you.”
“Uh-huh.”
“It’s true.”  Gail laid her head on his shoulder, her cool hand on his naked chest.  “It’s a dangerous world, and I’m alone, but I feel safe when I’m with you.”
“I can’t say the feeling is mutual.”
“Let me stay right where I am tonight.  Put your arm around me.  I want to feel safe tonight.  I’ll worry about tomorrow, tomorrow.  Just let me lie here against you.  We don’t have to make love if you don’t want to.”
“No problem there.  I’ve been shot through the love handle.”  Slamm wrapped both arms around her, and, while Slamm lay there wondering why he couldn’t stop being a sucker, they fell asleep.

CHAPTER SIXTEEN

Freddie walked into Slamm’s office amid a cold but sunny afternoon.  He had a silly, ear-to-ear grin on his face.  “Mr. Slamm, you really know what you’re talking about,” he cheered in a voice two octaves deeper than it had been before.  “I told Ann that I had the papers.  I told her that if she wanted them, she would have to be my girlfriend.”
“Good for you, Freddie,” Slamm congratulated from behind his desk.  “You want a drink?”
“Ah, no.”  Freddie sat down.  “Can I have the envelope now?  I promised Ann I would bring it over to her today.”
“Are you sure you don’t want to tease her a little longer?  The more you tease a woman, the better your chances.”
“My chances can’t get any better.  Ann and me had sex last night.”
Slamm sat up straight in his chair, stared at Freddie’s smirk until he realized it was true, and then fell back laughing convulsively.  It made his side hurt, but it was worth it.  Freddie sat snickering as he watched.  After Slamm recovered, he opened his desk drawer and set his new bottle of cheap whiskey down onto the desk followed by two glasses.  “Come on, Freddie, this definitely calls for a drink.”
Freddie, still snickering, shrugged his narrow shoulders.  “Well, okay.”
“So, how was it?” Slamm asked while still chuckling.
Freddie became solemn.  “It was not like I thought it would be, Mr. Slamm.  I was all excited and nervous like when you get in the seat for a roller-coaster ride.  But it wasn’t like that.  It wasn’t like a roller-coaster ride.  It was sweet and soft and nice.  I wanted to make her happy.”  Slamm’s grin dropped.  “What’s the matter, Mr. Slamm?”
“You’ve fallen in love for real, Freddie.  That’s not good.”
“Why not?”
“Now Ann can hurt you, and she will.”  Slamm reached into his desk drawer again and brought out a yellow envelope all wrapped in tape and dog-eared.  “Here’s the envelope, Freddie.  Don’t let her have it until you get another go-a-round.”
Freddie reached for the envelope with both his palms turned up like he were receiving something sacred.  “You said you were going to gift wrap it.”
“I thought it would be Christmas before you got her in the sack.”
Freddie surprised Slamm by laughing.  He had caught Slamm subtlety.  “Drink up, Freddie.  You’re going to need it.”
He drank up without choking and headed for the door. 
The door opened and Ron and Molly walked in.  “Excuse me,” Freddie said as he maneuvered past them.  They ignored him, but they waited until he was out the door before they approached Slamm’s desk.
Ron and Molly had a look in their eyes that Slamm didn’t like.  He leaned on his elbows over the desk.  This kept his left hand close to his lapel and his .32 caliber Beretta with its hollow-nose bullets.
“Otto says you got the papers,” Ron began.
“And he wants us to make sure you burn them,” Molly added.
That sneaky little weasel, Slamm thought.  “Right.  You have the three thousand bucks?”
Ron and Molly glanced at each other exchanging eye signals.  Then Molly produced a revolver from the far side of her purse.  That was a trick Slamm had not seen before, and she had the drop on him before his .32 could clear his lapel.
“No, no,” she warned as she leveled a snub-nosed .38 at Slamm’s chest.
Ron, producing a Ruger 9mm, stepped behind the desk and took the Beretta out of Slamm’s hand and then, stepping back, swung the Ruger over his shoulder, and brought it crashing down onto Slamm’s head.  Slamm saw a flash of internal light, and his face landed on the desktop.  Ron said, “You still going to knock me into the next booth, Tough Guy?”
“Let’s have the papers, Slamm,” Molly demanded.
Slamm straightened up and touched his head where it hurt.  His fingertips came back wet-red.  “Why do I think you’re not going to pay me for my services?”
“We’ve paid all we’re going to pay for those damn papers.”  Molly took a step closer.
“And to think that I was going to give you two a line of credit.”
“Wise ass,” Ron snarled and swung the Ruger back over his shoulder again.
“No!” Molly shouted before Ron could again bring the gun down onto Slamm’s head.  “You got in your lick, Ron.  Now, let it go.”  Molly pointed her .38 more deliberately.  “The papers, Slamm.”
The room was spinning a little, and Slamm’s brain was full of fuzzy caterpillars.  He rested his head on his elbow-supported hands to keep it from falling off and rolling away.  “Too late, Honey.  That kid who just left has them.  He’s taking them to Ann.”  Slamm bit his lip.  How the hell did that jump out of his mouth?
Molly shook her gun in Slamm’s face.  “Don’t be fucking with me Slamm.  Hand over the papers.  I swear to God I’ll shoot you in the face then tear this place apart until I find them.”
“You’re right.  I’m lying.  The papers are destroyed already.  I knew you bums wouldn’t pay up, so I burned them.”
Molly stood looking puzzled, but for only a moment.  “No, no, now you’re lying.  The kid does have the papers.  You let it slip out, didn’t you, Tough Guy?  You didn’t want Ron whacking you on the head again.”
No, that’s not it.”
“Sure it is.”  Molly lowered her heavy gun.  “Why would you give the papers back to Ann?  Is she paying you?”
“If she was paying me, do you think I’ll trust the kid with papers?  I burned them.”
Molly turned to Ron who was grinding his teeth with frustration.  “Ron, forget about Slamm, damn it.  Let’s catch up with that kid.”
“We got to do something about this wise guy?”
“I think you’ve done enough, Ron.  He’ll be looking for you as it is.  I’m glad I didn’t hit him.”
“Yeah?  Well, I’m going to waste him right now!” Ron snarled and pressed the muzzle of his gun against Slamm’s head.
Molly said, “I wouldn’t do that, Ron.  Ace likes him.”
Ron backed off.  “Yeah, that’s right.  How do you figure?”  Ron came from behind the desk.  “Okay, okay, let’s get the damn kid.”  They headed for the door.
“Wait a minute,” Slamm shouted.  Ron and Molly turned and looked back at Slamm.  He was standing.  He was frightening with rivulets of blood running down his face, but it was the look in his eyes that was most terrible.  “If you hurt the kid, I’ll kill both of you.”
The couple’s eyes grew to the size of golf balls, and they hurried out the door.
An hour of whiskey drinking passed.  Slamm had washed the blood from his face.  The cut, high above his ear, needed a couple of stitches, but what was one more scar more or less?  He sat at his desk taking inventory.  He had acquired one possible concussion, one bullet wound, and a good rib pounding all in a couple of day’s work for $400.  He sold his mother’s gift of a blessed image of the Virgin Mary to a hit man for $2,000, less than the value of thirty pieces of silver.  But, oddly, he still had his original five dollar bill and three bloody quarters.  Subtract $67.00 paid for gas, whiskey and a bar tab.  Did he have enough remaining for his rent and past car payments?  Never mind.  The bump on his head hurt and he had a headache.  Besides, he would have enough after he started blackmailing Molly and Ron himself.  He thought of Ann and smiled.  He was about to double-cross a double-crosser.
The envelope he had handed to Freddie was a carefully contrived forgery.  The original was in his locker at the European Health Spa, box 166.  He would have to get things settled with Molly before his free introductory membership expired in two weeks.
Slamm continued drinking and started worrying.  Something was very wrong.  To get Molly’s .38 out of his face, had he sent Molly and Ron after Freddie?  Jack Slamm didn’t operate that way.  Was it the dizzy spell that had bumped him out of character?  Or maybe Jack Slamm wasn’t as good a guy as he had thought he was, wasn’t as tough as he used to be.  He wished he had stayed sober so he could ponder the matter with a clear mind.
When he was a sailor, he took the blame for a serious mistake made by an old sailor (40 years old) about to retire.  Slamm (20 years old) didn’t want the ol’ salt to lose his retirement.  When asked who left a steam valve closed, blowing the tubing in a boiler, Slamm raised his hand.  As a result, Slamm was busted down two grades.  Had he changed that much since then?  Could he now throw some poor, young ninny in harm’s way to save himself?  He continued drinking and worrying.  Another hour dragged by.
Freddie had a distinctive walk.  It was a kind of hobble like he measured each step to keep from falling over his own feet.  Slamm breathed a sigh of relief when he heard Freddie’s measured footfalls coming up the hallway, but he felt no better about himself.
Freddie entered the office marked with a black eye.  He walked up to and stood before Slamm’s desk.  He was obviously close to tears and was valiantly struggling to suppress his tear ducts.  Slamm could only glance at the boy’s battered face; then he dropped his gaze to his own hands resting on the desk and tightly gripped his glass of cheap whiskey.  “What happened?” he asked obligately while tilting his glass and concentrating hard on the light reflecting from the whiskey’s amber surface.
“That man who was in here punched me in the face and took the envelope from me.  Now, Ann won’t want me anymore.”
Slamm glanced up for a split second to see one tear break through and race down Freddie’s bruised cheek.
“He didn’t even want the envelope,” Freddie choked.  “He and that woman burned it right there in the street.”
“I’m sorry, Freddie.”
“Who were they?  How did they know I had it?”  Slamm glanced up again.  Freddie wiped his nose with his sleeve.
Slamm returned to studying the reflections in his drink.
“What happened to your head, Mr. Slamm?  It’s cut.  It’s bleeding.”
Slamm reached into his butt pocket and pulled out his wallet.  “Here, Freddie, here is a hundred bucks.”  Slamm shoved the bills across his desk.
Freddie stood looking down at the crumpled money, dumbfounded.  “What’s that for?”
“Never mind.  Just take it.”
“Why?  I didn’t do nothing.”
“I want you to have it.”  Slamm forced himself to look up at Freddie’s reaction.
Freddie continued to stare nonplused at the money until a sickening frown contorted his mouth.  He raised his head glaring at Slamm, his bruised eye now flowing freely.  “You told them that I had the papers.  You let that guy punch me.  I thought you were my friend, Mr. Slamm.”  Freddie slid his hand across the desk sweeping the bills fluttering into the air.  “Why did you do that?” Freddie screamed.  “Why did you do that?  So they wouldn’t punch you?”
Slamm touched the lacerated lump above his ear.  Freddie was right, and Slamm could stare into the reflections dancing on his drink until he hypnotized himself, but the nagging ache that ran up from his shoulders and neck into his head wouldn’t go away.
“I hope you die, Mr. Slamm!  I hope you die!”
Freddie ran from the office.  Slamm curled his hand into a fist and hit himself in the face.  It didn’t help.  He locked up the office and went home early.

CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

Whiskey is kind and forgiving.  It numbs the body, mind, and soul.  It mixes well with moonlight and loneliness.  It gives one a bitter kiss and lulls one to sleep.  Slamm was almost asleep when a light tapping sounded on his apartment door and the door squeaked open.  He raised his heavy head off the pillow.  The lights were out, but there was enough moonlight flowing through the window to reveal that it was Gail.
“How you doing?” she asked from the doorway.
“Not now,” Slamm moaned.
She entered and sat on the edge of the bed.  “Freddie told Ann what happened.  She told me.  Thank God those papers are finally destroyed.  Ann is furious and at the same time relieved, I think.”
Slamm was silent.  Gail reached out and touched his arm.  He moved his arm away.  “You did a crummy thing, Slamm.  We all do crummy things.  Freddie will get over it.  He’ll have a tougher time getting over Ann.  She told him to get lost.”
Slamm began to laugh.  His laugh became violent and continuous until Gail stood up frightened.  “Are you all right?”
“Don’t you see?  It’s all so absurd,” Slamm said, half laughing his disturbing laugh.  “Freddie dreamed he had a chance with Ann.  Ace kills people but loves children.  A monster is murdered with peanuts.  And I think of myself as a good guy when I’m a worthless piece of shit.”
Gail returned to the bed.  “Come on, Jack.  Give yourself a break.  You don’t have to be good.  No one is.  We just have to keep trying even though it's not possible.”
“I’m going to take the job,” Slamm said to himself.
“What job?”
Slamm didn’t answer.  Instead, he reached over the side of the bed into the darkness, and his searching hand found the bottle.  He drank from the bottle and held it out to Gail.  She waved it away.
“What job?”
Slamm tossed the bottle away, reached up, pulled Gail down against his chest, kissed her wildly, ferociously, crushing her body against his.  She tried to pull away as his hands tore at her dress.  His mouth was hard against hers.  She bit his lip.  He let go.
“No,” she bawled.  “Not like this!”  She pulled herself free and fled from the apartment, holding her torn dress together, leaving Slamm alone again with the moonlight, the loneliness, and what was left of the whiskey.

Slamm drove to Tubb’s Bar.  It was late evening and the weather had turned cold again.  He had slept most of the day away and got up only after he could no longer force himself to sleep.  Slamm took in a breath of fresh air before entering into the smoky haze.  The two guys that Slamm had punched were standing at the bar, neither one looking directly at him as he headed for the back room.  Ace, waiting, playing solitaire, was in his leather outfit.  It looked better on him than the silk robe.  Ron and Molly were not at the table.
“Sit down, Slamm,” Ace said through his crocodile smile.  Slamm flopped wearily down in the chair on the opposite side of the table and reached for the mandatory bottle.  Ace spoke again, “You look kind of down, Slamm.  Did you finally lose a fight?  You got a fat lip and a bump on your head.”
“Where’s Ron and Molly?”
“I told them you were coming, and they fell over each other getting out the door.  What’s that all about?”
Slamm tipped the bottle over a dirty shot glass.  “Ron has my gun.  I want it back.”
Ace’s mouth fell open.  “That pitiful puke took a gun away from Jack Slamm?  That’s like hearing John Wayne wore pantyhose.  I’m dismayed.”  Ace motioned for the bottle.
“He and Molly owe me three grand for a job well done.  Instead of ponying up, Molly pulls a thirty-eight on me, and Ron whacks me on the head.”
Ace was suppressing a laugh.  “Didn’t I tell you to have them pay in advance?  I don’t suppose you’ll tell me what the service was that you did for them.”
“No.”
Ace slid the bottle back to Slamm.  “You want me to take care of it?”
“Hell no!  I’ll take care of it.  But I want you to know what’s going on when I do.”  He slid the bottle back.
“Don’t hurt, Molly.  I don’t care what you do to Ron.”
“She pulled a gun on me.  I’m not going to let that stand.”
Ace frowned and poured his drink slowly, thoughtfully.  “Okay.  But don’t kill her.  I wouldn’t like that.”
“I’m not going to kill anybody, Ace.  But I am going to make them both sorry.”
Ace shrugged and slid the bottle across the table to Slamm in a casual manner.  “Sorry is okay.  I don’t have a problem with sorry.  I have to make her sorry now and then myself to keep her in line—get her to take a bath.”
“I want the job.”
It took Ace a second to realize that Slamm had shifted gears.  “Oh, yeah, the job.  Good, good.” Ace said.  “And good timing too.  I was about to call you.  The word just now came out that Luther is having another one of his big orgies on his houseboat pretty soon.  He’ll want to do some shopping first.  Booze, drugs, sex toys, stuff like that.  He likes to do his own shopping and move around in dark places; so he is actually an easy target once he’s on land.”
“When’s the party?”
“Halloween.”
“Next week.”
“Right.  The sooner you can get into that hotel room, the better.  I’ll pick up the tab.  Order anything you want—food, booze, a woman, whatever.”
“I’ll be in it tonight.”
“Great.  You’ll need binoculars.”
“I’ve got a pair.”
“Good ones?  The houseboat is two hundred yards off shore.”
“U. S. Navy issue.  I could spot a periscope on the horizon.”
Ace leaned back in his chair and gleefully rubbed his stubby, diamond-graced hands together.  “Okay.  We’re all set.  What made you decide?”
“I stopped kidding myself.”
“What does that mean?”
“Never mind.  Do you have a picture of Luther?”
“Yes, it so happens that I do.  I’m glad you reminded me.”  Ace pulled a folded 5x7 color photograph out of his leather vest pocket.  “You think I’m ugly.  Check out this dude.”  He flipped the photo across the table.
Luther was ugly—double ugly.  It wasn’t the kind of ugly that a guy like Ace is born with.  It was the miserable kind of ugly a guy makes himself into.  The contorted face was blowzy and blotchy with deep frown lines off the corners of the liver-like mouth and down from the wings of the bulbous nose.  What should be the whites of the eyes were yellow, and what was, probably at one time, blue pupils had faded to the color of soap scum.  The stooped body, shown from the waist up, was a bag of mush.  Slamm noted to himself that Luther needed to be shot soon before he died from his excesses.
Slamm whistled.  “There’s no earthly pleasure that this slob hasn’t totally exhausted.”
“Can you imagine what his genitals must look like?”  Ace added.  The two men laughed, and Slamm felt a little better.
“We need to get this guy shot,” Slamm heard himself say.  “But first I need to bond with Ron and Molly.  Where can I find them?”
“They’re hiding around somewhere waiting for you to leave.”
The conversation was over.  Ace reshuffled the deck of cards and began laying out another game of solitaire.  Slamm finished what remained in his dirty glass, got up, and walked out.

Slamm drove his Ford around the block, parking it on a deserted and neglected street that once provided front access into the industrial area now abandoned.  Dead grass protruded through the cracks in the asphalt and old trash gathered along the curbs and clung to the braided fences that no longer guarded the dark buildings.
A gate hung open swinging in the wind allowing Slamm to pass through a narrow trashed-filled space between the corrugated steel wall of a factory and the cinderblock wall of the bar.  There, near the front corner of the bar, he pulled up the collar of his jacket and pulled down the brim of his fedora and waited.  The wind moaned between the buildings.  The sky was black cotton.
He leaned his back against the block wall and lifted Gail’s tiny, shiny .22 from his coat pocket.  It was unloaded, and Slamm wasn’t confident in its intimidation abilities, but it was all he had other than his fist.
He heard approaching voices, then footsteps.  When they seemed close enough, Slamm swung around the corner with the .22 in hand.  Ron and Molly froze in their tracks.  Molly was the closest, and Slamm slapped her hard across the face.  She dropped her purse.  It hit the sidewalk with a heavy clunk.  Slamm kicked it away.  Ron was fumbling his hand in his pocket when Slamm punched him in the face.  He pulled his punch, and Ron went down but not out.
Slamm stood legs apart over Ron.  “I want my gun, Ronny,” he demanded.
Ron sat up and wiped the blood off his mouth with the back of his left hand.  “Well, here it is,” he snarled pulling the .32 out of a pocket with his right.  It cleared the pocket, but it traveled no higher before Slamm swung his leg up and kicked Ron’s teeth out.  Slamm picked up his gun from where it lay next to Ron’s writhing body.
“And you still owe me three grand.”
Molly fell to her knees to comfort her suffering brother taking him in her arms.  Slamm stood over them running the event back through his mind and wondering if it had been necessary to kick Ron in the face and not in the gut, or was it that devil temper of his again.
Slamm picked up the purse and, rummaging through it, found and kept six hundred dollars.  He tossed the purse hiding the .38 revolver out of immediate reach.  “You still owe me twenty-four hundred,” he announced with a strangled voice, stepped over the two bloody incisors lying on the pavement, and, feeling more rotten than before, slipped back into the darkness between the two buildings.

CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

After watching a cockroach crawl up the hotel wall, Slamm decided to stay out of the bed.  Instead, he sat in the dark in a frayed lounge chair next to a window four stories up that looked out over the black lake below.  Yesterday’s half moon had not yet appeared above the horizon, and all that was visible of the houseboat was a green light and a red light fore and aft.  The small lights were mirrored perfectly on the surface of the placid water.  Any movement aboard the boat would have generated at least a ripple.  On the boat, they were all asleep in roach-free beds.
Slamm lifted his heavy, submarine-spotting binoculars from the windowsill and perused the shoreline.  Yellow porch lights and a few growing windows peeked from fishing cabins staggered along the distant shore.  All else was lost in a tenebrous melancholy.  It was going to be a long night.
The sounds that infiltrated through the adjoining walls disclosed to Slamm that the primary purpose of the vermin-infested beds was not for sleeping.  The hotel was ipso facto a whorehouse.  Slamm now understood why the night clerk had a droll smirk on his face when he handed over the key to a solitary patron.  Slamm took a swig of Ace-provided whiskey, set the bottle back onto the windowsill, and smiled.  He wondered what the night clerk supposed he was doing alone up in this room.  The night dragged on.
Slamm’s heavy eyes opened to a red sun.  He had gratefully fallen asleep in the chair for a couple of hours.  He rubbed the stubble on his face for no good reason and squinted at the houseboat now immersed in a ruddy mist rising from the lake.
There were other boats on the water—early fishermen—but no interior movement disturbed the floating solidity of either the houseboat or the rowboat moored to it.
The red sun turned to gold then to platinum before someone stepped out onto the lower deck.  Slamm lifted his binoculars from the windowsill.  It wasn’t Luther.  The man looked a lot healthier in a muscled way, but his pallor betrayed his lifestyle.  His lean, bony face had the look of death about it.  He was drinking coffee and smoking a cigarette.  He wore a white shirt, suit pants, no shoes; but a gun was holstered under his arm.  This made Slamm smile.  The man would put on his gun before he would put on his shoes.  This man was afraid.
Another man joined the first.  He also wasn’t Luther.  Slamm’s smile dropped.  Unlike the first man, this man had a swagger and a pushy way of moving about.  Otherwise, he looked like the first except he wore shoes and no gun.  There would be a gun later, after he had finished his coffee and cigarette.  This man was not afraid.
Luther finally appeared on the top deck.  The photo Ace had showed Slamm must have been a dated one.  Luther looked even more horrible in the flesh.  His discolored, gnarled legs protruded from oversized white shorts; and from under a florid, Hawaiian shirt, his gut hung to his crotch.  A large, black cigar complemented his coffee.  Slamm lowered his binoculars and speculated as to why his line of business introduced him to such an improbable ratio of ugly men to beautiful women.
Slamm called the desk and obtained the number of a small diner that would deliver.  Ham and eggs and fried potatoes and coffee arrived a half-hour later by a boy who poked his towhead through the doorway wanting to see the woman.  Slamm tipped him and closed the door on his confused face.
Slamm ate his breakfast off the windowsill while watching the houseboat through the steam rising from his coffee.  Five hours later, he was watching the boat over a tuna-salad sandwich and a milkshake.  Dinner was baked chicken and coffee, which he finished just as the houseboat lights came on.  After a couple more hours had passed, the muffled commotion of lust began resounding from the adjacent walls.  Slamm unscrewed the cap from his bottle of whiskey.  The twenty grand didn’t seem like such easy money as it had before.
The third day was heavily overcast and daylight came late.  Slamm could feel the cold window drawing the warmth out of the room.  The weather had changed, and the lake was empty of fishermen.  There was wind.  The houseboat slowly swung left and right along a narrow arch at the end of the anchor rope dragging the rowboat with it.  The delivery boy looked cold, so Slamm tipped him extra for delivering him his breakfast.
Noon came, and the day had not managed to produce more than a half-light.  Instead, the day had grown darker.  Slamm’s eyes burned as he watched the houseboat drift monotonously back and forth.  He considered calling for more coffee, but the battery in his cell phone was low, and the only other telephone was down in the lobby and away from the window.  He closed his eyes to rest them for just a minute or two.
In his dream, Slamm sat on his stool in his corner of the ring.  His opponent seated in the opposite corner was Tom Jackson, the only fighter who had ever knocked him down, pounding his gloves together in anticipation.  The bell sounded for the next round to commence, but Slamm couldn’t get off his stool.  He tried, he strained, but it was no use.  The bell continued to ring.  The crowd jeered.
 Slamm woke up just as his cell phone stopped ringing.  He looked out the window.  The rowboat was gone.  He looked at his watch.  He had been asleep for two hours.  He looked at his cell phone.  The call had been from Ace.  “Goddamn it!” he shouted at the ceiling.  He punched in Ace’s number.
“Ace answered.  “Yeah?”
“He’s ashore.”
“Great.  Just now?”
“I don’t know.  Sometime in the last two hours.  I dozed off.”
There was a moment of silence.  “You dozed off?  What the hell!  I could have hired Ron to doze off.  Shit fire!  I had more confidence in you Slamm.  Goddamn it!”
“I’ll see if I can…”
Ace interrupted, “I don’t want to hear any fucking excuses.”
“I’m not making any,” Slamm growled.  “I’ll see if I can catch up with him from here.”
“Goddamn it,” Ace said and hung up.
Slamm put his fist through the wall.  He heard a scream and peered through the hole he had made into the next room.  Both a wide-eyed man and a woman were staring back at him from the bed.  They had the covers pulled up to their noses.  “I’m sorry,” Slamm spoke through the hole though it was really meant for Ace.  “It won’t happen again.”
Slamm locked the door behind him.  He was in a hurry, and he didn’t want to be burdened carrying the valise with his binoculars and whiskey bottle stashed inside.  And he didn’t want his stuff stolen.  Navy binoculars are hard to come by, even in the navy.  He wasn’t sure what he was going to do, but he was in a hurry to do it.  He hurried down the hall.  He pushed the button summoning the rattletrap elevator.  He would drive back towards the city.  With a little luck, and, if Luther and company were not too far ahead, he might spot them.
The elevator doors opened.  A tall, gaunt woman in her fifties stood in the way.  She had a girl, about six years old, by the hand.  The little girl appeared dazed, and had to be guided by the woman out of the elevator.  The woman glared at Slamm as she stepped past him into the hall.  Her dyed-red hair was stretched back into a tight, short ponytail.  Her eyes were narrow slits and dead.  Her lips were thin from being constantly drawn tight against her teeth.  Slamm noted that she could easily win the Most Cruel Looking Woman of the Year Award.
Slamm stepped into the elevator and feigned fumbling with the selection of buttons as he waited for the woman to select a door.  Her selection was three doors down from his.  She knocked on the door.  “Luther, it’s me,” she called.  When the woman shifted her weight to look back at him, Slamm turned away.  The elevator doors closed with a clunk, and the elevator shimmied and rattled its way down to the lobby.

The elevator doors opened to a waiting threesome.  One man, a long hair with a goatee, had a professional size tripod over his shoulder.  Behind him, a second man, short, bug-eyed, and worried, had a professional looking video camera hanging from his arm.  The third man, a lean but muscular type, carried studio lights with folding light-stands.  All three averted their eyes as they exchanged places with Slamm.
The elevator went up as Slamm stood in the lobby watching the old-style watch-hand pointer move from one floor-number to the next stopping at number four.  Glancing at his cell phone, Slamm noted that all of the little bars that gauge the level of charge were gone with just enough juice for one more call—maybe.  Slamm decided to save it and use the desk phone.  The clerk was busy handing out a key to a drunken fisherman with a drunken whore hanging on his arm, so Slamm didn’t bother asking.  He picked up the desk phone, turned his back to the clerk, and dialed Ace’s number.
“Yeah?” Ace said.
“Ace, I’ve got a complication.”
“So do I,” Ace snapped.  “I’ve checked two of Luther’s early haunts.  He hasn’t shown up in either one.”  Ace sighed despairingly.  “What have you got?”
“Luther is here in the hotel.”
“I’m on my way.”
“Wait.”
“What?”
“He and five other guys and a woman are in one of the rooms setting up to shoot a video.  They have a little girl with them.  She’s about six.  Looks like she’s been drugged.  Get over here real quick, so we can break it up.”
“No.  Call the cops.”
“You’re kidding.”
“No, I’m not.  It will take me at least thirty minutes to get there.  Some guy could be banging the little girl by then.  Call the cops.  If they take more than a few minutes to get there, kick in the door and start shooting.”  Ace hung up.
Slamm smiled.  He couldn’t help liking the murderous son-of-a-bitch.  Slamm turned to face the clerk, who was standing behind the desk directly behind him.  “Hey, Buddy, what’s the number of the local law around here?”
 The bespectacled clerk looked like PeeWee Herman but with a bad complexion.  “I’ve got a big gun under the desk pointed at your gut, Mister.  Put the phone down.”  Slamm hung up the phone.  The clerk took a quick look around moving his eyes only then, seeing no one, lifted a .45 out of hiding.  “Put your hands behind your head and interlace your fingers.”
Slamm did as he was told.  The clerk meant business.  He had a wild look in his eyes that PeeWee never had—maybe.  “In the elevator,” he said, waving the big gun in that direction.  The elevator had returned to the lobby on its own, and the doors were open and waiting.  The clerk followed Slamm at a distance outside of a possible quick move.  This guy knew what he was doing.  “Okay, get in the far corner.”  The clerk stepped in and pushed the button for the fourth floor.
Slamm stood in the far corner of the elevator with his hands behind his head.  “Everybody likes those big forty-fives,” Slamm said.
“Shut up.”  The clerk was no fun at all.  The elevator rattled up, stopped, and the doors rattled open.  The clerk backed out never taking the gun off Slamm.  “Get out.”  Slamm stepped out of the elevator and attempted to close the distance between himself and the clerk who was backing towards door number 4.  “Take another extra step, and you’re dead, Mister.”  Slamm held back.  A bald head poked out from behind door 3.  “You want something?” the clerk snapped.  The bald head shook an answer and disappeared back behind the door.
The clerk kicked door 4 behind him with his heel.
“Who?”  The voice came through the door.
“Gary,” the clerk answered.
“If I live through this, I’m going to kill you, Gary,” Slamm promised.
“You won’t.”

CHAPTER NINETEEN

The door opened.  “What you got here?” asked the heavy who had put on his shoes before he had put on his gun.
“A hero,” the clerk said.  “This guy was going to call the cops on you.”
“Is that so?  Well, come on in, Hero.”  The heavy reached out into the hall and drug Slamm into the room by his lapel.  “Thanks, Gary.”  He closed the door in Gary’s face and put a gun to Slamm’s head.
In the room, the man who had carried the light stands sat on the foot of the bed naked except for his many tattoos.  The goatee stood behind the camera now on its tripod.  Bug eyes was holding something that looked like it might be a script.  The heavy who put on his gun before he put on his shoes just stood by trying to look tougher than he probably was.  The cruel-looking woman was holding the girl by the collar of her dress as the girl sat on the edge of the bed.  Only the girl’s shoes had been removed, so far.  Luther sat sprawled in an armchair, apparently overseeing the operation like a movie director.
 Slamm’s left hand ached for the feel of his 32 Beretta.  It held eight rounds.  There were seven of the bastards.  To empty his gun, he would want to shoot Luther twice.
“Who are you?” Luther’s flabby, guttural voice sounded.  Slamm didn’t answer.  “Search him,” Luther ordered.
The first heavy began patting Slamm down.  He didn’t get far before he discovered Slamm’s gun.  “Ho, ho, ho.  Look what we have here.”  He held up the Beretta for all to see.  With too many guns on hand, he handed the Beretta back to the cruel-looking woman, who stuffed it into the pocket of her too-tight cutoffs.
“A federal,” Luther lamented.
“Nah,” the first heavy consoled as he inspected Slamm’s wallet.  “He’s just a shamus.  His driver’s license says he’s Janek Slamminsky, but his P. I. license says he’s Jack Slamm.”
Luther said, “Jack Slamm!  Holy crap!  I thought I recognized that mug.  Watch him, Smithy.  He’s a fighter.  Retired from the ring undefeated.  He’s quicker than lightning.”
“Yeah?  Well, he’s just been defeated,” Smithy boasted.  “I hope he tries something.”
Luther said, “No, you don’t.  If you blink, he’ll tear your head off.”  Luther looked across the room at the other heavy who seemed confused.  “Huff, don’t be standing around posing.  Get over here and put another gun on this guy, damn it.”  Huff hurried, pulling his gun on the way.  Luther returned his attention to Slamm.  “Who you working for, Slamm?” he demanded.
“Go to hell.”
Smithy shifted into a hitting stance.  “No,” Luther barked.  “How much you getting paid, Slamm?  I bet I can top it.”
“I wouldn’t touch your filthy money,” Slamm said nodding towards the little girl.
“Oh, my, this guy is a hero,” Smithy mocked as he pressed the muzzle of his gun against Slamm’s temple and twisted it.
“Kill him!” the woman snarled showing her yellow teeth.
Slamm’s cell phone rang in his jacket pocket.  Smithy rummaged through Slamm’s pockets while continuing to press the muzzle of his gun hard against Slamm’s head.  “I got it,” Smithy announced.
“Congratulations,” Luther said.  “You want to stand there looking at it like an idiot, or would you consider answering it?”
“Hello,” Smithy spoke into the phone in a neutral voice.  He listened.  “Okay.”  He poked the phone off.
“What?” Luther asked still ensconced in his armchair.
“It was some guy.  He said he and Ron were tied-up in traffic.  They wouldn’t be here for another twenty-five minutes.”
“The sheriff?” the nervous, bug-eyed guy asked.  “I’m leaving.”
Luther ran a hand over his sweaty, bald head.  “Is everybody a goddamn moron?  The sheriff is on my payroll.  How do you think this place stays open?”  Luther managed to pry himself up out of his chair, lumbered over to where Slamm was standing, and snapped open a switchblade.  “Who’s on the way, Slamm?”
Slamm smiled.  “You’re worse nightmare.”
Luther laid the thin blade on Slamm’s cheekbone with the point resting just below Slamm’s left eye.  “Who?” he asked softly, blowing foul breath.
“Ace Hecht.”
Luther dropped the knife and backed away like he had just seen the devil.  There followed a moment of timeless silence as everyone stared at Luther’s catalepsy.
“Who’s Ace what’s-his-name?” Huff asked breaking the spell.
“What?” Luther muttered, not really hearing what Huff had said.  Both of Luther’s hands went to his gut.  “I don’t feel so good.  I got to take a crap.”
“Who is Ace?” Huff persisted with a tone of alarm.
“You heard what the man said—your worst nightmare,” Luther whispered.  “Okay,” he said aloud shaking his head like a man trying to wake himself up.  “No witnesses.”  Luther pointed a fat finger at Smithy.  “Quick like a fucking bunny, you and Huff take Slamm down to the basement.”  Luther shifted his finger pointing at the woman.  “Kate, fill up the tub.”
The woman lifted the girl off the bed by her arm.  “Come on, Honey.  You’re going to get a bath.”
“You’re not going to drown that girl!” Slamm raged and mindlessly threw himself at Luther.  He didn’t make it.  A blow to the back of his head from Smithy’s gun knocked him to his knees.
“Let me do him now,” Smithy begged trembling with anticipation as he held his .45 to Slamm’s head.
“No.  Gary wouldn’t like that.  Messy.  In the basement,” Luther ordered.
It took both Smithy and Huff to lift Slamm to his feet and drag him towards the door.
“That’s it,” bug-eyes announced.  “We’re out of here.”  He tossed the script onto the floor.  “We didn’t sign on for this much trouble.”  He and the goatee began rushing about gathering up their equipment while the naked tattoo jumped off the bed into his pants and scooped up an armful of the rest of his clothes.
Smithy and Huff dragged Slamm by his armpits to the elevator.  They propped him up in the far corner, and Huff poked the lobby button.  The doors closed, and the elevator began its shaky descent.
Smithy stationed himself before Slamm.  “I’ll bet your mind is going a million miles a second, ain’t it, Slamm?”  His smile was pure evil.  “You’re trying to think of a way to get out of this, ain’t you?  But you can’t come up with anything because there ain’t no way.  You’re thinking maybe your friends will get here in time.  But you know they won’t.  Pretty soon, that busy brain of yours will be all over the basement floor.”  Smithy giggled.  “But you keep thinking, Slamm.  You keep thinking.”  Smithy laughed a forced laugh in Slamm’s face and emphasized it with a punch to Slamm’s midsection.
Slamm groaned and doubled over.  Smithy’s blow was into Slamm’s gunshot wound.  “You’ve gotten soft, Jack Slamm the boxer,” Smithy giggled and punched him again.
Slamm wasn’t thinking about any of those things that Smithy had said.  Instead, he was trying to remember a prayer his Irish mother and Polish father used to say.  Hail Mary something, something.  He couldn’t remember.  It had been so long ago.  So, he just kept thinking Hail Mary, Hail Mary, Hail Mary.  The elevator stopped, and the doors opened.
“Get out,” Smithy ordered.  Slamm stumbled out into the lobby with two guns pressed against his back.  The clerk was behind the desk with a fast-food bag in front of him.  He looked up.  Smithy said, “Luther wants us to take this guy down to the basement.  Okay?”
“Make sure you do him over the drain in the middle of the floor,” the clerk said picking his teeth.
The basement door was in a niche to the left of the desk.  Huff opened it, and Smithy pushed Slamm to the top of the stairs.  The wooden stairs were steep, plunging down into total darkness.  Smithy flipped on a wall switch and a single, dim light bulb blinked on below.  It hung naked from an electrical cord that supported a cone of spider webs.  It was directly over the floor drain.
Another push and Slamm began his descent.  Still unsteady on his feet, Slamm let his hand slide down the handrail.  He heard Smithy behind him sneaker at the irony.  Slamm watched his shadow, cast by the glow from the lobby, proceed him like the ghost he was about to become.  Smithy shouted, “Huff, close the damn door behind us, you idiot.”  The ghost shadow disappeared with a click.
Slamm stepped down onto the concrete floor.  It was damp.  There was the smell of mold.  The floor drain was half as large as a manhole and rusty.  The surrounding space was full of junk.  There were shadows everywhere.
 Another push.  “Get over the drain,” Smithy grunted the way one grunts through clinched teeth.  “Huff,” Smithy grunted again, “you’re in on this.  Get over here beside me.”
Slamm wasn’t the strongest boxer, but he was certainly the fastest.  His left arm was lightning.  When the moment was right, he could throw a punch so fast that his opponent could not see it coming.  He wondered, on the edge of despair, did he still have that lightning punch?  Could he punch out the hanging light before the goons could pull their triggers?  Hail Mary.
“Get over the goddamn drain!”  Smithy shoved Slamm jarring him off balance, but Slamm threw the punch anyway, a roundhouse as he fell towards the floor.  The bulb exploded, and the two guns exploded flashing against the instant blackness.  But Slamm was no longer in front of the guns.  He was under them, coming up from the floor.  He collided with Smithy lifting him up off his feet and slamming him down hard.  Slamm heard Smithy’s head crack against the concrete floor.  Slamm rushed his hands down Smithy’s arm feeling for the gun.  It was gone.
There was another gun flash, spitting beads of fire from where Huff stood.  The fire was directed down to where Huff had heard the sounds of the struggle.  In the stroboscopic flash Slamm saw the effect of Huff’s bullet striking Smithy’s body.  He rolled away as Huff continued firing wildly in the general direction.  Slamm felt himself roll over Smithy’s gun.  He took hold of it and fired up from the floor and over Huff’s flashing gun.  Slamm’s single shot was followed by a moment of silence, then the dull thump of a body landing on concrete.
A shaft of light split the darkness.  The clerk and his gun were silhouetted in the doorway at the top of the stairs.  “What the hell is all the shooting?” he yelled.  
Slamm fired, and the clerk somersaulted down the stairs to join the other two in the floor.  “What did I tell you, Gary?”
Slamm struggled to his feet, stepped over the heaps of carnage, and began his climb up the stairs.  He stopped and looked back when he heard a tiny sound.  Blood was trickling into the floor drain.  “Should be an easy clean up,” he noted.  He continued climbing the steps promising himself that he would learn the rest of that Hail Mary prayer just in case.
In the elevator, on the way up, Slamm pulled the clip from the late Smithy’s gun.  Two bullets gleamed in the clip, and there would be one in the chamber.  Not enough for a movie cowboy, but enough to do the job Slamm had in mind.  He wiped his prints off the clip and rammed it back in place.

CHAPTER TWENTY

The elevator ride seemed to take forever.  If the little girl had been drowned, he won’t need bullets.  He intended to beat Luther to death with his fist.  The elevator doors opened.
The door to room 4 was locked.  Slamm kicked it open.  He heard the sound of running, splashing water.  With three giant steps, he was across the room and in front of the open bathroom door.  The woman was waiting for him.  She held Slamm’s .32 at arm’s length pointed directly at his face.  She hesitated.  Slamm didn’t.  The impact from his slug propelled her back and into the overflowing tub.  She sank then floated.  One arm hung over the side.  Slamm’s .32 was on the floor.
“Slamm, is that you?” Luther’s voice sounded from the bathroom to the right of the doorway.  “Slamm, I’ve got my gun against the girl’s head.  The hammer is cocked, and I got my finger pressing on the trigger.  If you shoot me, even if you shoot me dead, the gun will go off.  You understand what I’m saying, Slamm?  Slamm?”
Slamm moved one eye past the doorjamb.  Luther was sitting on the toilet with his pants down around his ankles.  He held the girl by the hair with one hand while the other hand held his gun to her head.  “I’m going to walk out of here holding this gun to the kid’s head.  I’m going to get on the elevator.  You’re going to back off and stay out of my way.  You understand, Slamm?  You hear me?”  Luther released his hold on the girl’s hair and reached down for his pants.  The girl stepped aside, and Slamm fired—twice.  Luther fell back against the water tank flushing the toilet then rolled forward falling onto his face.  His large, bare butt pointing up.
Slamm wanted to laugh but couldn’t.  The horror of it all put a damper on the ludicrous scene, or maybe it was just that his side hurt like hell.  He wiped the gun he had used with a towel.  When he was sure it was free of his fingerprints, he tossed it into the tub for good measure.  He picked up his .32—wet again—and dried it as best he could.  “If this keeps up, I’m going to have to carry one of those new plastic guns,” he said to himself for no good reason.  He examined the .32 more closely.  The woman hadn’t hesitated.  The safety was on.
The little girl was waiting.  “I want to go home,” she pleaded with her tiny voice.
“Okay,” Slamm said holstering his gun, “let’s go home.”
In the elevator she looked up at him and, for some reason, took his hand.  Her eyes were still dilated, but she seemed a little more alert.  “What’s your name?” Slamm asked.
“Mary.”
“Why did you step aside, Mary?”
“Huh?”
“Never mind.”
The elevator doors opened.  Slamm and Mary stepped out of the elevator in time to see Ace and Ron storm in through the front door.  Ace was gripping his .45 in one hand and a large revolver, a .357, in the other.  Under each arm was a holster.  Ron, a step behind on Ace’s right was pumping a shotgun.  “Where are they?” Ace, spotting Slamm, shouted across the lobby.
“They’re all dead,” Slamm said as he approached Ace.  He had Mary by the hand.
“All?” Ace asked.  “Who’s all?”
“Luther, his two bodyguards, a woman who was in charge of the girl here, and the hotel clerk.”
“Five?  You shot five?”  Ace lowered his guns.
“Couldn’t be helped.”
Ace laughed.  “Another ten and you’ll catch up with me, Slamm.”  He turned his attention towards Mary.  “Everything is going to be okay now, Honey,” he cooed as he went down onto one knee and set the revolver down on the floor.
“I want to go home,” she responded with tears.
“We’re going to get you home, Honey.”  He caressed her small face with his large gun-free hand.  “Don’t cry.”  Ace was in tears himself.  He looked up a Slamm.  “Was she..?”
“No.  Close but no cigar.”
Ace shook his head.  “Not funny, Clinton.”
Slamm glanced at Ron’s swollen mouth.  “Your front teeth are back in your mouth.”
“Yeah, and it cost me twelve hundred bucks to have a dentist jam them back in,” Ron said with a voice that sounded like angry cotton.
“I’ll tell you what, Ron,” Slamm said feeling magnanimous.  “You owe me twenty-four hundred bucks.  We’ll call it even.”
“It ain’t never going to be even,” Ron snarled.  “You kicked my fucking teeth out.”
Ace picked up his revolver and stood up.  “Sooner or later I’m going to find out what the hell is going on between you two, but in the meantime, let’s get the hell out of here before the law shows up, and we have to shoot our way out.”  He crossed his arms and holstered his guns.
Slamm snapped his fingers.  “I got to get my stuff out of my room.”
“Well, hurry up!” Ace shouted.  He was now holding Mary’s hand.  “Goddamn!”
Ron shouted accusingly as Slamm headed for the elevator, “Why did you have to go and shoot the hotel clerk, Slamm?”
Slamm pushed the button for the fourth floor.  “There weren’t enough bath towels.”

Slamm arrived at Gail’s apartment door.  Mary was with him.  “I don’t live here,” Mary said in her thin voice.  The drug had lost its effect.  The trauma had not.  She had twisted the front of her dress into knots.
Gail opened the door.  She was in her purple bathrobe.  She was sans makeup.  Her hair was uncombed.  She appeared even more beautiful without the trimmings.  “What are you doing here?  Who’s this?”
“Give me a break, Gail.”  Slamm leaned wearily against the doorjamb.
“You look terrible.  Tough day?”
“Murder.”
Gail sighed and backed away.  “Come on in.  Who’s the kid?”
“She’s lost.  I don’t want to take her back to my dump.”
“Why not the police?”
“It gets complicated.”
“Of course,” Gail moaned.  “Take her into the living room.”  Slamm led the girl by the hand.  They sat on the sofa, Slamm and Mary.  Gail stood looking down at them.  “What can you tell me?”
“Nothing, unless you want to become an accomplice.”
“I’ll pass.  What’s her name?”
“Mary Sheridan, Sherman, or Sheldon, or something else.  That’s the problem.  She’s not sure.”
“What are you going to do?”
“Do you have a computer?”
“Yes, a laptop.”
“There’s a website-listing of missing kids.  A lot of kids.  It will take a while.”
“Just make sure you’re out of here by bedtime.”  Gail said, “Are you hungry, Mary?”  Mary nodded.
“I’m thirsty,” Slamm said.
“Get it yourself.”  Gail led Mary into the kitchen.
Slamm grimaced with each sip of Gail’s sweet cream sherry as he sat at one end of the sofa while scrolling past the hundreds of lost, young faces.  From the other end of the sofa, Gail sat watching him in silence.  He glanced at her.  He couldn’t read her expression.  It was blank.  He returned to his sipping, grimacing, and scrolling.  Suddenly, he stopped and stared at the screen.  “Bingo,” he said.
He turned the laptop so that Gail could see the screen.  “Here she is.  Her name is Sheridan.  Her home is about ten miles out of town.  That’s unusual.  Most of the time, kids are transported far from home to assure that nobody will recognize them.”  He said to himself, “Must have been a rush order.”
“So, she’s a kidnap victim?” Gail surmised flatly.
“Yeah.”
“Terrible,” Gail said—again without any inflection.  “How do you plan on getting her home?”
“Easy.  I’ll just drop her off at her front door.  I’ll have to wait until after dark.  I don’t want my car identified.”
Gail said, “That’ll work.  She’s asleep.  She ate like she hadn’t eaten in a week.  She fell asleep at the table.  I carried her to bed, if you hadn’t noticed.”
“You’re okay, Gail,” Slamm mumbled.  “I’m…I’m sorry about the rough stuff the other night.”
“Go to hell.  You tore my dress.”
“Damn it, Gail!  You shot me.  How can you stay mad at me for being less than tender for a moment?”
“You’re such a smart ass,” Gail said with a half sneer that curled her unpainted lips.
Slamm put the laptop to one side.  “Gail, don’t ever wear makeup again.”
“What?”
“I hate makeup.  It makes women look like clowns.  You’re wonderful just the way you are.”
“I’ve got a better plan,” Gail mouthed like she were tasting something sour.  “Get out.  I’ll call the police and let them take the girl home.  I won’t mention you.  I’ll tell them the girl showed up at my door.”
Slamm picked up his fedora from the armrest and slowly dragged himself up onto his feet.  “They won’t buy it, but I don’t care anymore.  I’m dog tired, and I hurt in a half dozen places.”  He headed for the door.
He had the door open and one foot out when Gail said, “Wait.”
Slamm turned.  “What?  Did I forget to sign off the web?”
Gail stood up.  “You’re everything I don’t want.  You’re broke.  Your life is full of violence and trouble.  I never want to see you again.  I have to stop loving you.  I have to.  I have to; don’t you understand?”
Slamm forgot the door, walked across the room, and pulled her into his arms crushing her against him and kissing her face, her neck, her mouth.  She reached up behind him and sank her fingers into his hair.  He unfastened their osculation.  “Ouch.  My bumps.”
“Oh, sorry,” she sighed.  They kissed again.
“Mother!” Ann squalled from the open doorway.  “What the hell?”
Slamm and Gail jumped apart.  “He grabbed me,” Gail said.
“Is that right?  It looked to me like you were doing some grabbing yourself, Mother.”  Ann tossed her purse onto the sofa.  She was in her waitress uniform.  “What are you doing here, Slamm?” she said as she flopped down next to her purse.
“Your mother will tell you.  I don’t feel up to it.”
Ann kicked off her shoes and, after lifting her feet onto the sofa, began earnestly massaging her insteps.  “Mother, why were you kissing this loser?” she demanded.  Gail turned and headed for the bedroom.  “That’s it, Mother,” Ann called after her.  “Run away.  That’s what you always do.”
“Leave her alone; she’s embarrassed,” Slamm said.  “She’s ashamed of me.”
“Mind your own damn business, Tough Guy.”
“You live here now?”
“Yeah, thanks to you.  I can’t afford the apartment, and I had to store all my pretty stuff, you son-of-a-bitch.”
“You work for minimum wages, right?”
“And tips, which don’t average out to even ten percent.  Cheap bastards.”
“Hard times,” Slamm added.  “You have some clerical experience don’t you?  Didn’t you tell me you worked in an office for a trucking firm?”
“What is this, an interrogation?” she said, her tone contemptuous.
“An interview.  I’m opening up a new office.  I need a secretary.”
“Where the hell would you get the money to open up a new office, Loser?”
“None of your damn business, Bitch.”
Ann laughed at the turn-around.  “You’re a hard guy to hate, Slamm.”
“I’m going to try to find an office downtown, Columbus.  Something nice.  Fix it up classy.  I’ll need help.  Interested?”
Ann sat up straight.  “I’m more than interested.  It sounds exciting.  I’m surprised that you trust me.”
“I don’t.  You’re a crook.  But you’re smart, and if you steal from me, you’ll be stealing from yourself.  We succeed together or we fail together.”
Ann threw up her arms.  “Hurray!  We’ll make a great team you and me—a crooked secretary and a back-stabbing shamus.”
Gail walked back into the room in time to see Slamm and Ann smiling at each other.

“Is this your house, Mary?” Slamm asked as he came to a stop in front of a well-kept split-level in a well-kept middle-class neighborhood.  The little girl bobbed her head.  A streetlight stood glowing directly in front of the manicured lawn.  Slamm pulled forward another fifty feet to put his Ford in the shadow under the canopy of a large, curbside oak tree.
Slamm hid his eyes behind a pair of dark sunglasses.  “Okay, Mary, let’s go.”  He climbed out first and opened the door for her.  She jumped out and ran on skinny legs across the lawn to the front door of the house.  She pushed and pulled franticly at the brass door handle.  When it refused to open, she pounded her small fist against the door.  It opened, and a woman screamed.  A man and a little boy joined her.  They all huddled down about the girl in amazed commotion.
Slamm stood under the streetlight.  His fedora shaded his face from the light.  “Have her checked out at the hospital,” Slamm said aloud, and they all looked up at him.  “She’s had a hard time.  She’s been drugged.”
The man in the doorway stood up.  “Who are you, Mister?”  Slamm turned and walked towards his car.  “Hey,” the man yelled, “who are you?”
Slamm paused before climbing into his Ford, adjusted his dark glasses, and said, “The Lone Ranger.”  Mary waved goodbye, and he waved back and rode away.

Slamm waited for Ace’s call.  He chose to wait in his office.  His apartment felt empty.  The top dresser drawer was empty, the bottle was empty, and the bed was empty.
It was after business hours, and the lights in the office building were out.  The cost of the electricity was incorporated into the rent, and the owner of the building always popped the circuit breakers at exactly eight leaving only the dim hall lights on.
Slamm sat at his desk in the dark and drank—he knew he drank too much.  But the space wasn’t all dark.  The streetlight outside his second-story window beamed its rectangle of light onto the bare wall he faced from across his desk.  Its lonely silence was haunting like a stage light without an actor.
The little girl—he would never see her again.  Why did that make him feel as empty as his empty apartment?  Was it because he killed people for her, and she shouldn’t be an anonym?  Odd.  He wanted to talk to Ace about it—of all the insane notions.  But he knew better.  Better to drink even though he knew he drank too much.
His cell phone buzzed.  It was Ace.
 
Ace was waiting in the back room of Tubb’s Bar.  He had a black, worn valise waiting on the table.  He was alone.  “Slamm,” he greeted, “sit down.  Have a drink.”  Slamm sat down and hesitated before reaching for the mandatory bottle.  He knew he drank way too much. “You taking the little girl home made the news.  The Lone Ranger,” Ace quoted and laughed.
“It was a melodramatic moment, and I had been drinking.”  Slamm forced a one syllable laugh.  “What did the news say about the girl?  She Okay?”
“Emotionally traumatized, but otherwise okay.”
“What’s in the suitcase?  My money, I hope.”
“The shootout at the flea bag hotel made the news too.”
“They’re calling it a shootout, not a murder?”
“Sure.  Everybody dead had a gun.”
“That’s a break.”  Slamm poured himself a drink.  He knew he would.  “Is that the money in front of you, Ace?”
“Yeah, yeah.  What’s the hurry?”
“I killed five people.  I’m in a hurry to see that it was worth it.”
Ace grinned and opened the valise.  “You’ll get over it.  Just keep thinking about all the kids who won’t disappear.”  Ace began slapping banded blocks of currency down on the table.  “Twenty and fifty dollar bills.  Easy to move around without raising any eyebrows.  And it has all been laundered and laundered again.  It can’t be traced back to any account.” 
Slamm studied the row of banded bills.  There were five blocks of twenties and two blocks of fifties.  Ace said, “You look disappointed, Slamm.”
“I thought there might be more.”
“Because you did the actual shooting?  Because you wasted, not one, but five of those bastards; you think you’re entitled to a bonus?”
“Something like that.  Like I said, I got to live with some bad memories.”
Ace leaned back in his chair.  “Slamm, I got into one hell of an argument with the guys who forked over the money.  The Group that pays me didn’t want you to have a cent of it.  In fact, they wanted me to make you disappear—permanently.  The only thing that saved you and got you the money was I said you were my friend.”
Slamm snatched up the bottle and refilled the dirty shot glass.  “Crap!  Of course.  They want to stay clear of any notoriety.”
“Now you’re catching on, Slamm,” Ace said.  “The Group doesn’t really care about kids or justice or shooting bad guys who deserve to be shot.  Not really.  Those super-rich, arrogant bozos tell themselves that they’re out for justice in an unjust world, but it’s all crap, like you said.  It’s all about thrill killing by proxy.  They want the excitement of the hunt and the kill without the risk.  It provides them with something to talk about over their cocktails and martinis.  They wanted Luther hunted down and gone.  That’s all.  They wanted it done quietly without any fuss.  That’s my specialty.  That’s why they hire me.  I had it planned where Luther would walk through a door and never be seen again.  Poof, gone.  Legally, he would not be murdered.  He’d be missing, and soon forgotten.  See how it works?”
“Yeah.  Got it.  Sorry I put you on the spot, Ace, but I had to do what I did.  The little girl…”
“Right, right.  I’m glad you did what you did.  But we can’t work together anymore.  I won’t be contracted if you’re included.  The Group made that clear.”
“Fired again,” Slamm sighed, faking chagrin.  He wanted out of the killing business.
“There’s something else,” Ace said motioning for the bottle.  “I told them you were a sharp guy.  You knew how to keep your mouth shut, and you knew how to cover your ass.  I told them that I would be unhappy if anything happened to you.  I’m pretty sure I talked them out of targeting you, but you never know for sure about those arrogant bastards.  Watch your back.” 

CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE

The new office smelled of fresh paint—a soothing light green.  A large window two stories above the street overlooked a four-star restaurant and was in the shadow of a skyscraper.  Slamm was downtown in high-rise Columbus.
As instructed, the deliverymen had placed the new desk, made of wood, not metal, at the far end of the room.  A potential client would have to take nine steps to approach the desk with Slamm waiting behind it.  Slamm had counted off the steps himself.
There were straight-back wood chairs with green padding—darker green than the walls.  There were two before the desk.  Slamm’s chair, behind the desk, swiveled.  Leaning back and swiveling in the chair would demonstrate deduction and judgment on his part.  Slamm wasn’t sure why, but it felt right.  A straight-back chair put the sitter in a position of dependence, probably because the sitter would lean forward a little.  Anyway, that’s how Slamm figured it.  The wood of the desk and chairs was mahogany stained dark brown, almost black.
 On the walls were framed painting of urban scenes by a local artist, Newton Crabbe no less.  Slamm’s Private Detective license hung framed behind the desk, as did his P. I. diploma from an on-line school.  There was a spider plant in the window.  Ann deserved credit for the choices of colors, artworks, and plants.  Her reception room had the same décor. 
Hi Tec surveillance equipment that Slamm would have to learn to use had been purchased.  Advertisements were placed in the newspapers, yellow pages, and on the Internet.  Private Detective Jack Slamm and secretary sat back and waited for business to arrive.  They waited for two nervous weeks.
Slamm was playing solitaire on his desk and drinking whiskey when Ann entered closing the door behind her.  She was gorgeous, as usual, dressed in the clothes she afforded with her blackmail money.  Today she wore a white silk blouse over a tight black skirt embossed with a kind of climbing-ivy design climbing one leg.  Her backside was propped up by black high heels that worried Slamm because of the thick green carpet.  She was attempting to restrain her excitement.  “Slamm, there’s a Mrs. DeVillers in the next room who wants to see you.”
“A client?”
“Maybe.”
“Oh, my gosh.  Give me a minute; then show her in.”  Slamm plowed the cards into the top desk drawer with his hand.  The bottle and glass went in next, and a plastic dispenser holding breath mints came out.  Slamm opened his mouth like a baby bird and shook in a half dozen tiny mints.
The door opened and Ann led a well dressed woman into Slamm’s part of the office.  “Mr. Slamm,” Ann announced.  “Mrs. DeVillers.”  Ann remained at the open door holding the woman’s white fur coat.
Slamm came to his feet.  “Mrs. DeVillers, how are you?”
“I could be better,” she sighed.  “Nice to meet you, Mr. Salum.”
“That’s Slamm, like slam the door.”  Slamm smiled graciously.  Then he glanced at Ann who remained in the open doorway.
 The woman said, “Oh, I’m sorry, I…”
“No, no.  No sorry.  It’s an unusual name.  Please sit down.”
Slamm came around the desk and held the chair for the woman.  She was in her mid fifties, attractive with long, snow-white hair accentuating large, dark eyes in an oval face.  Her figure, pressing against her gray non-business suit, was curvy and only a little maternal.  There were diamonds—fingers, wrist, neck, and ears.  She looked like Christmas.  Slamm leaned back against the front of his desk and folded his arms.
“Now, what can I do for you, Mrs. DeVillers?”
“Everything said here is confidential I hope,” the woman said glancing back at Ann, who was smiling with amazement at Slamm’s changed persona.
Slamm grimaced at Ann.  “That will be all, Mrs. Skully.  Thank you.”  Ann was still smiling as she pulled the door closed.  “Yes, Mrs. DeVillers, nothing said in this room leaves this room.  Confidentiality is what my agency is all about.  That’s why I work alone.  The large agencies have too many ears and mouths.”
The woman lowered her head and buried her face in a handkerchief.  She began to weep.  Slamm said gently, “Would you care for a cup of coffee, Mrs. DeVillers?”  The woman nodded her head without looking up.  Slamm picked up the receiver of his desk phone and punched a button.
“Yes, you big hunk of wonderful,” Ann said in his ear.
“Would you bring in a cup of coffee for Mrs. DeVillers, please?”
“Yes, I will, Mr. Slamm.  And would you like me to tickle your balls too?”
“That would be wonderful, Mrs. Skully.  Thank you.”
“Cream and double sugar, please,” Mrs. DeVillers sobbed.
“Cream and double sugar, Mrs. Skully.”
“Can I keep anything I find in the old hags mink coat?” Ann sang.
“No, that won’t be necessary, Mrs. Skully.  And that will be all for now.”  Slamm let up on the button.  He would spank Ann later.
“I’m sorry,” the woman choked.
“It’s quite alright.  You’re obviously under a great deal of stress.  How can I help you?”
 “I suspect that my husband is seeing another woman.”
Slamm shook his magnificent head.  “I think that is unlikely.  You’re a very attractive woman, Mrs. DeVillers.”  Slamm hoped he wasn’t pouring it on too thick.
“Thank you.”  She dabbed her teary eyes then fussed with her hair a bit.  It was not too thick.  “He’s been coming home late, but when I call his office or the hospital, I’m told that he left early.”
“Uh-huh.  He’s in the medical field?
“He’s a neurosurgeon, one of the best in the World.  He’s quite famous.”
And rich.  “Is there any other reason why you’re suspicious?”
Ann came in with the coffee in a cup on a saucer and handed them to the woman.  Slamm breathed a sigh of relief.  No paper cup.  Ann had purchased fine china.  God bless her.  She had thought of everything.
“Thank you, Dear,” Mr. DeVillers said.  Ann curtsied behind the woman’s back and left the room.
“Is there any other reason why you’re suspicious?” Slamm repeated.
The woman blushed and mumbled something.  Slamm shook his head, and the woman spoke up.  “He’s always too tired to make love.  It’s been weeks.”
“I see.  That could be another problem.  How old is your husband?”
“He’s a doctor.”
“Of course.  The little blue pill.”  Slamm felt like kicking himself for missing that one.  “Is there a particular woman that you suspect?”
“No.  He tells me very little about his professional life.  If there’s a woman, she likely to be an associate or a patient.  All of our social friends are loyal to me, I’m sure.” 
“I need to know in which hospital he practices, his office address, and his usual working hours.  Also, his full name, physical description, and wherever he might be a habitué,” Slamm said.  “And, of course, I’ll need your home address and your telephone numbers, both cell and home numbers.”
“You’re taking the case, then?” she ascertained.
“Yes.  My fee is a thousand dollars a day plus expenses.  And I’ll need a thousand dollars up front.”  Slamm crossed his fingers under his folded arms.
The woman hesitated then sighed.  “All right.  Can you estimate how long it will take before you know the truth?  It’s not the money.  It’s the waiting.”
“The moment I know what’s happening, I’ll stop the clock, and contact you immediately.”
“Thank you.”
After collecting the woman’s information and personal check, Slamm walked her to the reception room, helped her with her mink coat, and escorted her to the exterior door.  She turned at the door and said, “You’ve been very kind, Mr. Slamm.”
“I hope I find that your suspicions are unfounded, Mrs. DeVillers.”
“I hope so too.”  She extended her jeweled hand.  “Thank you again.”
Slamm shook her hand and opened the door.  “Good-bye,” he cooed with a sympathetic smile.  The woman stepped across the hall and glanced back at him before entering the elevator.  Slamm smiled again and closed his door.
“Who the hell are you?” Ann asked with astonishment from behind her desk.  “What happened to tough guy, kick-you-in-the-teeth, Jack Slamm?”
“The World is a stage, and we are all players,” Slamm said.
“What?”
“I’m doing my best Cary Grant impersonation to impress Diamond Lil, and, all the while, you’re trying to make me giggle.  Cary Grant doesn’t giggle.  Elmer Fudd giggles.  I ought to turn you over my knee and spank your butt.”
“Oooh, that sounds like fun.”
“Not as hard as I’ll do it.”
Ann came from behind the desk and approached him.  “Make any money, Cary?”
“Yeah.  A thousand up front and a thousand a day.”
“Yippee,” Ann cheered and threw up her arms, which came down around Slamm’s neck.  “You going to drag it out for a few days?”
“No, I’m going to wrap it up as quickly as possible.”
“Why?  We’re running out of cash.”
Slamm reached up and untangled Ann’s arms letting them drop.  “If I do the job quickly, she’ll be impressed and grateful.  She’ll tell her rich friends.  They’ll have me checking up on their husbands or whatever.  Word will get around the money set, and the money set are always into some kind of mischief.  There be gold in them there snobs.”
Ann pouted and backed off.  “You’re no fun anymore.”
“Your mother is having me over for dinner tonight.  I don’t want to show up smelling like her daughter.  That never goes over well.”
“She shot you.”
“Yeah.  What a woman.”

Dinner was pork chops, mashed potatoes, and peas served on the tiny kitchen table.  Gail was a blue nightgown, perfume, and no makeup in a coy mood.  Slamm was hungry and a little drunk as usual.
“Any business today?” she asked between bites.
“Yeah, we made our first thousand bucks,” Slamm said with a mouthful.
“We?”
“Ann.  I get paid, she gets paid.”  Slamm aimed his fork at the serving plate, speared another pork chop, and slapped in down on his plate.  He was happy, and it made him hungry.
“Is Ann doing a good job for you?”  Gail asked while looking down at her plate and Slamm couldn’t read her eyes.  Could she be jealous?  Slamm hoped so.
“She’s had nothing to do until today.  I’m sure she’ll do a good job when things start happening.  She seems very interested.”
“Does she?”  The question sounded rhetorical.
Slamm wanted to change the subject.  “This first job should be a snap.  A woman wants me to find out if her husband is cheating on her.  He’s a brain surgeon.  She’s a middle-aged socialite.  Of course he’s cheating on her.  Probably with his surgical nurse.”
“What makes you think so?”
“Pass me the peas.”  Slamm shoveled most of the peas onto his plate.  Gail didn’t seem to be hungry anyway.  “Every working day, he and his nurse are working shoulder to shoulder in highly dramatic situations, sharing the same interest, discussing the latest life-and-death problems over lunch; then he comes home, and his wife wants to talk about what happened at her bridge club.”
“Don’t you feel a little guilty contributing to the breakup of a marriage?”
“Nah, eventually he’s going to divorce her if she doesn’t find out about the affair pretty soon and divorce him first.  The nurse won’t settle for an affair.  I’m sure she’s already pestering him to divorce his wife and marry her.  She wants the whole package, not just him.  The wife deserves a heads up just to make the coming battle fair.”
“And you’ve figured this all out just because he’s a surgeon and she’s a socialite?”
“Yep.  If they were a humbler couple, they might reconcile.  But big egos never forgive or forget.  They’ll be at each other’s throats. You want that last pork chop?”
“Take it,” Gail said pushing her plate away.  They were silent for a while.  Finally Gail said, “Now that you’re busy with other things, I hope you’ll forget about who put the peanuts in the beans.  It all seems so silly now, doesn’t it?”
“Except a man is dead—murdered.”  Slamm leaned back in his chair and patted his stomach.  “Great pork chops.  Not dry at all.  You’re a good cook.”
“He was no good—a brute.  He was cruel to Ann.  He deserved to die.”  Gail began to clear the table.
“Call it professional pride or whatever you want, but I have to solve it.  It has become an obsession.  I can’t let one get away.”
“Oh, to hell with your professional pride,” Gail snapped, throwing the dishes into the sink with a considerable racket.  “You’ve got our future to think about.  You don’t have time to think about anything else.”
Slamm dribbled a little of his cream sherry from his scarred chin.  “Our future?  When did we start having a future together?”
Gail turned around and leaned back against the sink with her elbows behind her causing the nightgown to mold to her body—maybe deliberately.  “You want me don’t you?”
“Are you kidding?”
“Well, if you do, you’ll have to earn me.  You’ll have to make something of yourself.  You don’t have time to bother with who put the peanuts in the beans.  There’s no profit in it.”
“I’ll put it on a back burner,” Slamm acquiesced as he looked her up and down.
“Put it out of your mind,” Gail demanded.  “And you didn’t answer my question.”
Slamm stood up.  “What was the question again?”
“Are you drunk?  I asked you, do you want me?”
Slamm slid the chair away, stepped up to the sink, and pulled Gail into his arms.  “Want you?  Want isn’t the word.  I desire you.  I crave you.  I relish you—without the pickles.  Every time I think about you, I get a belly full of catatonic butterflies flapping around inside me.  Every time I look at that goddess-like face and figure, I become breathless and start hiccupping.  I never thought that I would ever become a fool for a woman, but I’m a fool for you, Baby.”
“Yep, you’re drunk.”

CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO

A swanky lounge with suspended, glistening crystal goblets over the bar and with walls papered with a red-felt design was only a city block from the hospital where Doctor DeVillers did his carving.  Slamm chose a red-leather barstool where he had the best overall view of the surroundings by way of the mirror that covered the entire wall behind the bar.  Slamm reasoned that, after a hard day of cracking open skulls, the doctor would need a drink.  He was not disappointed.  A distinguished looking man matching the doctor’s description entered just before dark.  An attractive woman in blue hospital garb was with him.  They sank into a red-leather booth.
The barmaid kept giving Slamm the fisheye.  He was not a regular, and his black-leather jacket and gray fedora didn’t match the décor.
“I’m not going to hold the place up,” he assured her.  “I forgot to renew my subscription to Esquire, and now I don’t know how to dress for an occasion.”
“Wise guy,” she sneered with the hint of a smile and went about her business giving Slamm a chance to snap a digital picture undetected with his brand-new camera.  He continued facing the mirror over the bar, aimed the camera from under his arm in the general direction of the doc and his nurse, and click.  He paused for a drink.  Then, while hiding the camera under the edge  of the bar, he checked the credit-card-size screen and found that the scene was off center but clearly showed the two professionals holding hands across the table.  So much for round one.
 Slamm left the bar first and stationed himself in his Ford parked less than a half block away from the entrance.  He could easily surmise which of the cars parked at the curb ahead of him would belong to the good doctor.  A white Aston Martin DBS waited four cars up.  Slamm wondered if the doctor also liked his martini shaken, not stirred.
A cop car slowly rolled by.  As it passed under the beam of a street light, the lone cop became visible.  His nose was bandaged from ear to ear, and both of his eyes were black as Alice Cooper’s in makeup.  Slamm had to smile.  It was Hank.
Only twenty minutes later, Doctor DeVillers and companion came out of the bar arm in arm.  Another picture.  The doctor let the nurse open the door of the Aston Martin for herself.  The affair had been going on long enough to allow the initial courtesies to be neglected.  With high-class dames, that takes a long while.
Slamm allowed them to gain a half-block lead before pulling away from the curb himself.  Another car, a Chevy, pulled away from the curb ahead of Slamm compelling him to step on the brake.  That was okay.  The other car would provide Slamm with cover, but after a couple of miles, Slamm realized that the other car was also following the doctor’s Aston Martin.  “Rats,” Slamm said to himself.  He had anticipated an easy job.  Now there was a possible complication. 
After a couple more turns, the Aston Martin pulled up to the front entrance of a first-class hotel.  The nurse was married too, Slamm reasoned.  Otherwise, they would have ended up at her place.
The doctor walked into the motel leaving the nurse in the vehicle.  The Chevy ahead parked in with the other parked cars.  Slamm did the same, backing into a location with a clear view of the space between the Aston Martin and the sheltered front entrance.  He focused his camera on the white vehicle, set the lens on telephoto, and waited.
The doctor came out.  The nurse’s face, lit by the overhead lighting from the pavilion, was visible behind the windshield.  She looked like a younger version of Mrs. DeVillers.  Funny how a guy will prefer a certain look when it comes to women and will stick with it.  Slamm knew a guy who went through a battalion of women, and they were all blond and very fat.  Slamm began fingering repeatedly the shutter button while he followed the doctor’s movements around the vehicle and into the driver’s seat.  Slamm included a long shot of the entire scene with the name of the hotel emblazoned over the entrance archway.
After the doctor parked across the way, Slamm took pictures of the two walking together to the front entrance and entering.  The nurse had changed her clothes in the car into a straight, neutral-gray dress.  Smart girl.  No one remembers neutral gray.  It makes one invisible in the memory.  The doctor wore a navy-blue pinstripe with a white tie.  His outfit said, notice me.  No matter.  Nobody cares about the man.  The temptress is the whole story.  Men just do what they’re expected to do.
Slamm waited ten minutes than walked into the lobby himself.  By then the lovebirds had gone up to their room.  Slamm approached the desk and asked the night porter, a guy with too big a smile, if it were okay for him, a potential guest, to bring in his cats for the night.  No, they were not in a cage.  The porter never dropped his smile while he recited the hotel’s negative policy regarding pets on the loose.  Slamm listened intently as he glanced at the open registering ledger.  The lovebirds had signed in as Mr. and Mrs. John Smith.  Not very original.  And, having used a pseudonym, the doc must have paid with cash.  Exposing a credit card transaction would have been helpful, but no big deal.
Slamm said to the porter that he, the cat man, was expecting to meet a couple—Mr. and Mrs. John Smith.  The porter said that they had arrived.  Slamm asked for their descriptions, just to be sure they were the same Smiths.  The name is so common.  The porter gave a good description of Mr. Smith, but his description of Mrs. Smith was neutral except for her blue eyes.  With the descriptions of the two cheaters fixed in the porter’s mind for future testimony, Slamm said that the Smiths whom the porter had described were not the right Smiths after all, and left.
Okay, that was the end of that.  Now Slamm wanted to know who else was following the two adulterers and why.  He strolled out of the hotel at the same time as a heavyset man with a jet-black goatee but no other visible hair climbed out of his aging Chevy.  The two of them approached each other across the parking lot like a scene from Gunsmoke.  They stopped vis-à-vis.  “Who are you?” Slamm spoke first.
The heavyset man pulled out a wallet and flashed a badge.  “Steve Heft.  I’m a private investigator.”  He had a cigarette-burnt, high-pitch voice.  “Who are you?”
Slamm flashed his badge.  “Jack Slamm, private investigator.”  The two men laughed, and shook hands.  “You work for the nurse’s husband?” Slamm guessed.
“Yeah, but she’s not a nurse.  She’s a surgical attendant.  You know. The one that hands the surgeon his tools.”
“She’s probably handling his tools right now.  What’s her name?”
“Diane Gerry.”
“They registered in a Mr. and Mrs. Smith,” Slamm said, returning the favor.  “And I made sure the guy behind the desk would remember them.
“Thanks.”  The PI retrieved a notebook and pen from his pocket.
“Hand me the hydraulic head-splitter, Mrs. Gerry,” Slamm quipped as he wrote the woman’s name down in his notebook.
Steve Heft chuckled.  “Yeah, that’s what she does.  Say, Slamm, you want to go for a beer?  I saw a bar just down the street.”
“It’s has to be less expensive than the one I just left,” Slamm said then added, “You know, Heft, you need to lose that dyed goatee.  It makes you stand out.  We shamuses don’t need to stand out, you know.”
“Is that right?  I didn’t know that.”  Steve Heft’s irony was exaggerated.  “Well, Slamm, you need to lose that fedora.  It makes you look like a private detective.”

Slamm arrived at the DeVillers mansion the next morning about ten.  He knew how rich women like to sleep late.  He had once dated a Jewish girl whose daddy owned a department store.  She was classy, and Slamm got a 20% discount on shirts.  She didn’t get up until noon.
Slamm had called ahead and was immediately greeted at the king-size door by a butler who must have been a baby boomer following the Civil War.  The aging rich often surround themselves with antiquated servants.  The comparison makes them feel younger, and this guy could make George Burns feel like a spring chicken.
“Good morning, Sir,” he wheezed, took Slamm’s fedora with affection, and led him across a marble vestibule into a marble lobby that resembled an art gallery.  The butler finally hobbled up to a pair of carved, mahogany doors.  “Mrs. DeVillers is in the study, Sir.  She is waiting for you.”  The old man pulled strenuously on the heavy doors.  Slamm chose to help him get the momentum started.
She stood waiting, her hands held in front and twisting a hankie.  She wore a white gown, white shoes, white pearls, and, with her white hair, she looked like an angel—from a distance.  She was ready to play the victim.
Shelves of books surrounded her, and more art, on the walls and on ionic pedestals.  And there were original period furniture that could have been stolen from Versailles by the Nazis.
  “Good morning, Mr. Slamm.”  She dragged in a suffering breath and exhaled a whiskey breath that traveled five feet.  “What do you have for me?”
Slamm put on his most compassionate face.  “Not good news, I’m afraid.”  He held up a manila envelope.
She sighed her resignation.  “Let’s sit down.”  They sat on a William and Mary Settee behind a matching serving table.  Slamm handed her the envelope.  She opened it with trembling hands and slid out the eight-by-ten photographs.  Slamm watched her grief turn to anger then back to grief.  She cried.
I’m sorry.  I wish it had been otherwise,” Slamm said with style.  He had seen most of the Cary Grant movies.  “Is there anything I can do?”
She dabbed her eyes with the hanky.  “How much do I owe you, Mr. Slamm?”
“A thousand buc…dollars.”
“You said yesterday, ‘Plus expenses’.”
“Forty-five dollars.  But that doesn’t matter.”
“No, no, we had an agreement.”  She wrote out a check for eleven hundred dollars and handed it to him.  She put her pen down.  “Would you care for a drink?  I certainly could use one.”
What would Cary Grant do?  “Yes, I would,” Slamm said.  He expected her to ring a bell to summon a servant, but instead she opened a small gilded chest on the marble-top table.  It contained a decanter, half full, and a row of shot glasses, one of them already wet.
“Would you please?” she requested.  “My hands are shaking.”
“Certainly,” Slamm said and poured the drinks.  It was whiskey, thank God.  Slamm held his drink and waited for her.  She sipped the whiskey delicately to countervail that it was good ol’ Kentucky bourbon and not Napoleon brandy.  So, she wasn’t born rich.  Her hand appeared steady enough.
“Are you married, Mr. Slamm?”
“No.”
“Why not?”
“I’ve had a couple of near misses.”
“Consider yourself lucky.  You give your heart to someone, and you have set yourself up for heartbreak.”  She resumed crying while glancing at him over her hankie.
Slamm wondered how Cary would grace himself out of the situation.  “You’re a strong woman.  You’ll struggle through this and come out even stronger.”  He patted her hand as it rested on her thigh.  She moved her hand allowing his hand to fall onto her lap; then she quickly replaced her hand capturing his.  He slid his hand away and gave her hand another compensatory pat.  He stood up.  She stood up.  “If there is anything else I can do for you, Mrs. DeVillers, don’t hesitate to let me know.”
She stepped forward, swung her arms around his neck, and lifted her cheek up against his.  “Is there anything I can do for you?” she breathed into his ear.
“Ah, ha!” Doctor DeVillers roared with indignation from the opening door.  “Just as I suspected.  You’ve been cavorting with other men.”  He stomped into the room.
Mrs. DeVillers pushed Slamm away and turned on her husband.  “You filthy hypocrite!” she shrieked.  “Look at these pictures.”  She picked them up from the settee, held them up, and then threw them in the doctor’s face.
“So, you’ve been spying on me like some little sneak,” he parried stupidly as he brushed an eight-by-ten off his shoulder.
“You’re calling me a sneak?  You’re the sneak—you and that whore you’ve been sleeping with.”
“My work here is done,” Slamm mumbled to himself as he backed up, turned, and headed for the study door and away from the battling DeVillers.
The old butler was still alive and waiting at the front door with Slamm’s hat in his hand.  He stood hunched over and was inspecting the hat closely as Slamm approached.  “I used to wear one of these when I was a young man in Chicago,” the old man said.  “Those were the days.”  He held out the fedora.
“Try it on,” Slamm said as the sound of shattering glass came from the study.
The old man grinned and stepped in front of a full-length mirror behind the door.  He put the hat on his gray head and adjusted it to a jaunty tilt.  From the study, there came the heavy thud of furniture hitting a wall, but the old man said, “I used to carry a Tommy gun for the Feds back in Chicago and would shoot it out with Al Capone’s boys.”  He straightened up before the mirror.  Slamm could see the brave young man trapped in the old man’s body.  He removed the hat slowly, reluctantly.  “Thank you, Sir,” he said while carefully handing it back to Slamm as though it might break.
Slamm offered his hand.  The man took hold of it with a smile.  “Thank, you.” Slamm said and went out the giant doors donning the fedora and adjusting it to a jaunty tilt. 

CHAPTER TWENTY-THREE

Ann was not filing her nails when Slamm entered the reception room of his office.  Instead, she looked tense.  “There’s someone waiting for you in your office,” she alerted.
“A client?”
“A cop.”
It was Sergeant Bricker, resplendent in his brass-adorned uniform, and sitting with his feet up on one of the new chairs.  Slamm pushed the policeman’s feet to the floor and dusted off the green cushion with his hand.  “These chairs cost a hundred and thirty bucks apiece, Leo,” Slamm grumbled.
“Which brings us right to the point,” Bricker said.  “You’ve got a lot of expensive stuff here, Slamm, and this office has got to set you back two grand every month.  Where did you get the money?”
Slamm sat behind his desk.  “I’ve been saving my loose change in a sock every night, and in no time…”
“Knock it off,” Bricker said.  “We checked some of those fifty and twenty dollars bills you’ve been passing around.  They were laundered through Otto’s pawnshop.  That means they came from Ace.  What did you do for Ace?” 
“Anything I do professionally for anybody is confidential.”
“That would be true if you were a doctor, lawyer, or a priest, but you’re not.  So, let’s have it.”
Slamm opened his desk drawer, and Bricker sat up a little straighter.  Slamm smiled as he lifted out a bottle of whiskey.  “You can’t kid a kidder, Leo.  If that money had come from Ace, he wouldn’t have been stupid enough to pass it through Otto.  You don’t know where the money came from.  You’re guessing.”
“Okay, okay, Smart Ass.  So tell me.”
“Well, you tried to fool me, so you’re going to have to say pretty please.  You want a drink?”
“Don’t you see this uniform I’m wearing?”
“Yeah.  Very handsome.  So you want a drink?”
“Sure.”
Slamm filled two shot glasses.  “Don’t spill any of that. I don’t want any marks on this desk.  It cost a grand plus.”
Bricker covered his badge with his hand and drank the whiskey.  “So, where’d the money come from?” he said through a whiskey grimace.
“Ace gave it to me.”
“Well, goddamn it, why didn’t you just…?  Ah, never mind.  Why did he give it to you?”
“He likes me.  He called it an investment.  Said he wants to see me get ahead in life.”
“Slamm, we’ve been friends a long time, but you can’t have friends on both sides of the law.” 
“Why not?  I work in the middle.  Snooping on people—which is what I do—teeters on a razor’s edge between what’s lawful and unlawful.”
Bricker sighed, set the empty shot glass down on the desk, and pointed at it.  Slamm filled it again.  “This is good booze.”
“Thirty-two bucks a bottle.”
“I’m sure you know about the shooting in Poke County?”
Slamm poured himself another shot.  When he looked up, Bricker was studying him.  Slamm realized that he was showing a frown.  He forced it away.  “It was on the news.”
“The sheriff of Poke County did a cursory investigation that amounted to no more than a cover-up.  Of course, our department has no jurisdiction, and the state police don’t want to override a popular, local sheriff.”
“It’s always politics with the state police,” Slamm added.
“Yeah, tell me about it.”  Bricker waved off a third shot.  “Anyway, I managed to talk one of our top forensic experts into investigating the incident on the sly.  He owed me a favor.”
“No kidding?  That’s plenty illegal,” Slamm said.
“You want to bring up matters of legalities, Private Detective Slamm?”
“Ah…no.”  Slamm was more than willing to change the subject.  “How did your expert get pass the new hotel clerk?”
“A hundred bucks of my own money.  That’s how.”
“My oh my.  That shows dedication, if not integrity.”
“You know, Slamm, sometimes you can really be a pain in the ass.”  Sergeant Bricker took a second to subdue his temper.  “Anyway, the forensic guy believes that it was mostly a shootout.”
“Mostly?”  Slamm had to resist another frown.
“I’ll get back to that.  He believes that one man took on all five of the losers.  The same gun was used on all but one of them, and—get  this—the forensic guy did some laser work to determine the trajectories, and he’s convinced that the lone shooter is left-handed.”
Slamm was holding a shot of whiskey to his lips with his left hand.  “Is that so?”  He drank it.
“Yeah, the forensic guy did a pretty good job, I think.  He thinks the three dead guys in the basement—they all knew each other and had criminal histories—took the left-handed guy down to the basement to shoot him.  Somehow, Lefty got hold of one of the guns.  In the ensuing shoot out, Lefty nailed two of them, and the third guy was shot accidentally by his partner.”
“What a guy.”
“Yeah, what a guy,” Bricker said flatly.  “Then Lefty goes upstairs and shoots the other two.  And our expert thinks he knows why.”  Bricker waited for the expected question, but Slamm said nothing.  The recall was disturbing him, and he was having difficulty not showing it.  He reached for the bottle.
Bricker continued, “Our expert found some papers on the floor of the upstairs room.  The papers looked like they were meant to be a movie script—a sex movie starring somebody named Dick and somebody named The Kid.  In the script, Dick says to the Kid, ‘You want to see my hobbyhorse?’, and the Kid says, ‘Wow, that is a big hobbyhorse.’”
“Cut it out!” Slamm growled.  He was having nightly nightmares in which he finds the little girl on the bottom of the tub blowing bubbles.  “Goddamn it all to hell, Leo, shut up!”
“What’s the matter, Slamm?  You’re spilling whiskey on your new desk.”
“Just shut up about the little girl, okay?  It’s ugly.  I don’t want to hear it.”  Slamm used the newspaper on his desk to blot up the spilt whiskey.
“Our expert also found a pair of little-girl shoes next to the bed,” Bricker said persistently.  “And—what do you know—the shoes belong to the same little lost girl that was returned to her home by a guy who thinks he’s funny.  Called himself the Lone Ranger.”
Slamm felt the sweat building up on his forehead and upper lip, and there was nothing he could do about it.  Justified or not, he had killed five human beings.  He had left their bodies lying about like dirty laundry.  And he had left the water running in the tub.  He didn’t know why that should bother him, considering the situation, but it did.  His upbringing he guessed.
“Mr. Forensic figures that Lefty probably had to shoot the guy upstairs to rescue the little girl.  That guy had a gun too.  But the woman, who was also shot in the bathroom, didn’t have a gun.  There was a gun in the tub, but her prints weren’t on it.  That’s the fly in the ointment.  Shooting the unarmed woman was murder.  No matter how outraged Lefty was, he still had no legal right to execute her.”
“Why are you telling me this?”
Bricker leaned forward to give his next statement a personal touch.  “I talked to the district attorney of Poke County.  He’s willing to charge Lefty with only third degree manslaughter provided Lefty will testify why he was in the hotel in the first place.”
“So, that’s it,” Slamm said.  “This isn’t about…Lefty.  It’s not about Lefty at all.  You’re after your old nemesis, Ace.  You want Lefty to turn over Ace to avoid a murder charge.”
“Ace is a cold-blooded assassin, and you’re looking at twenty to life.”
“You must think I’m stupid, Leo.  If you had any kind of actual proof, you would have mentioned it for leverage.  All you have is the opinion of an illegal investigator that disagrees with the findings of the county sheriff.  Try taking that to court.” 
“You are stupid if you don’t accept the deal now.  Sooner or later we’re going to prove who Lefty is, and when we do, there won’t be any deal.”
“Think it over again, Leo.”  Slamm was back in control of himself.  “Before the bad guys took Lefty down into the basement, he would have been disarmed.  What happened to his gun?  It’s likely the woman would have had it.  Each of the other bad guys had a gun of his own.  And Lefty wouldn’t walk off and leave his own gun behind.  There’s your missing gun, Leo.  If Lefty ever goes to trial, that will be his defense.”
“Is that what happened?”
“I’m just theorizing.”
Sergeant Bricker shook his head and stood up.  “Damn you, Slamm.  I want Ace, and I’m going to get him.”
“You’ll have to get him on your own, Officer.”  Slamm leaned back in his chair.  “And don’t be putting your job and pension on the line.  Next time you want something investigated on the sly, hire a private detective.  That’s what we private detectives do.  It’s cheaper in the long run.”
Sergeant Bricker’s four-o’clock shadow became rosy.  “Go to hell, you son-of-a-bitch.”  He jabbed a finger at Slamm.  “Let me tell you something, Big Shot.  You better stay on my side of that line or I’ll see to it that you…”  
Slamm interrupted, “Which side of that line are you on again?”
Sergeant Bricker walked out without saying a goodbye or even another go-to-hell.
Ann walked in.  “Slamm, there’s a Mrs. Vacheresse waiting to see you.  She said she’s a friend of Mrs. DeVillers.”
Slamm scooped up the whiskey bottle and shot glasses and dumped them into a desk drawer.  “Show her in.  Show her in,” Slamm said rubbing his hands together gleefully.  “Ahh, it begins.”

CHAPTER TWENTY-FOUR

"Well, how’s business?” Gail asked after she had put the dinner dishes away and joined Slamm on the purple sofa.
“It’s looking good.  Just like you.”  He pulled her warm body against his.
“How good?” she cooed as she snuggled into a comfortable embrace.
“You look so good I’m going to have you for dessert.”
“No, I mean how good is the business?”
Slamm’s simpering smile dropped a little.  “Made my first two thousand this week, and the week is not over yet.  I come back from that job, and there’s another job waiting.”
“So, you may make another thousand or two this week?”
“Maybe more.  It’s only Wednesday.”  Slamm’s smile was gone.
Gail snuggled in closer.  “It could all be worth it,” she sighed, more to herself.
“What are you talking about?”
“All the risk taking.  The dangerous world you live in.”
“Living is dangerous.  Eating potato chips can give you a heart attack.”  Slamm began to squirm.  “Got anything to drink?”
Gail looked up at him.  “Is anything wrong?”
“Nah, I just need a drink.”
“There’s a bottle in the cupboard.  Whiskey this time.  I know how you like whiskey.”  Gail looked worried as Slamm pulled himself free.
“Are you going to have some?” he monotoned on his way to the kitchen.
“Yes, if you’ll mix it in a glass of Coke, please.”
“Sure.”
He returned with the drinks.  Gail resumed her snuggle, but it seemed timid.  “Be patient with me, Jack,” she half whispered, her soft cheek against his.  “My feelings are all tangled up.  You guys feel one thing at a time.  Life isn’t that simple for us gals.”
Slamm felt the tightness around his mouth break loose.  “Okay, Baby.  Relax.”  He took a drink and set it down.  “Let ol’ Slamm take care of everything.”
Gail curled her legs up.  Slamm turned towards her so that she rested against his chest with his arms around her.  “I feel a chill.  Is it cold out, Jack?”
“It’s a little nippy,” he whispered.  Her head lay in the niche between his shoulder and neck.  Her long hair flowed down his arm and defused a hint of lavender.  He could feel the rise and fall of her gentle breathing and the silky touch of her breath drifting over his hand that lay under her breast.  Her softness was enthralling, and Slamm couldn’t understand how she could rest so comfortably against his body made hard by pumping iron.  “Do you want me to get you a blanket?”
“No, you’re warm,” she sighed.  She sipped her drink and set it down on the coffee table freeing her hand which she laid on his.  “Are we falling in love, Jack?”
“I’m way ahead of you,” he whispered into her hair.
“How could you be?  I hurt you.”
“There’s your proof.”
She looked up at him, and he kissed her tenderly—her eyes, her chin, her mouth.  She seized a handful of his hair and pulled his head down into a crushing kiss.  “Stay,” she breathed against his lips.  Her eyes were again oneiric.
“For the night or for good?” he asked.  Her hand released his hair and slid away.  “Not ready, huh?” he concluded.
“While she’s making up her mind,” Ann said from the open doorway, “you can jump in the sack with me, Big Guy.”
Gail sat up.  “You’re shameless,” she scolded her daughter and reached for her coke-and-whiskey.  The magic was gone.
Ann closed the door behind her, dropped her purse onto the sofa, headed straight for the purple armchair, and flopped down onto it.  “Yeah, well, you’re a chicken, Mother.  In all of this fake-filled World there’s only one Jack Slamm.  He makes other men look like impostors.  And you don’t know what to do with him.”
“We would like to be alone,” Gail demanded.  Slamm was now feeling indifferent.
“I’ll go to my room, Mother,” Ann said.  “But first, I’ve got business to discuss with Slamm.”
“What’s up, Ann?”  Slamm leaned forward away from Gail and picked up his drink.
“Two things.  One good.  One bad.”
“Okay, shoot.”
“The good news: Potential clients have been calling all afternoon.”
“That’s great.  Get yourself a ledger and start making appointments.”
“I have been—on the back of an envelope.”
“Good girl.  When the money starts coming in, double what I’m paying you.”
Gail stood up.  “Excuse me.”  She left the room, disappearing into her bedroom slamming the door.
“There she goes,” Ann chided.
“Cut it out,” Slamm said.  “What’s the bad news?”
“Ron and Molly came into the office.  They pushed me around a little bit, and…”
“They what!”
“It’s okay.  I’m not hurt.  They were looking for you.”
“They’re damn lucky they didn’t find me.”
“They want to talk to you about something.  They were pretty smug about it.”  Ann kicked off her high-heel shoes and wiggled her toes.  “My feet ache.”
“You don’t have to wear those things.”
“I want to give the office some class.”
“You’re classy enough.  Come over here.”  Slamm patted the cushion next to him.  She joined him on the sofa.  He lifted her feet up onto his lap and began massaging her insteps.  “I don’t want those two criminals in my office.  Did they leave a number?”
“No, they said they would be back.”  She closed her eyes and groaned.  “Oh, that feels good.”
“The hell they will.  I’ll catch them a Tubb’s.”
“What about Ace?”
“What about him?”
“Molly is his woman.”
“I don’t care if she’s the Pope’s favorite niece.  I don’t want her in my office.”  Slamm continued kneading Ann’s feet while he thought things over.  He finally stopped.  “That feel better?”
“Wonderful.”
“Okay, I better go talk to your mother.  Smooth out her feathers.”  Slamm stood up.  “By the way, do you happen to have a gun?” he asked.
Ann dug into her purse and disclosed a small, nickel-plated revolver.  “Who do you want me to shoot, Boss?”
Slamm shook his head.  “You’re you mother’s daughter alright.  What is that—a twenty-two?”
“I don’t know.  I guess so.  When I stole it, it was loaded, and I’ve never fired it.”
Slamm laughed through his nose.  “Who did you steal it from?”
“A date that went sour.  Pulling the guy’s gun on him was the only way I could escape out of his car.”
“Can I borrow it?”
“Sure, Slamm.  Anything you want you can have.”  She leaned back into a seductive pose.  “Anything.”

When Slamm walked into the backroom at Tubb’s, he found Ace sitting at the table alone.  His elbows rested on the table, and his face was buried in his hands.  He looked up suddenly, and Slamm thought he saw a tear, but it must have been just a glinting eye reflection from the over-the-table light.  “Slamm, Slamm,” he greeted rubbing his ugly face with his big hands.  “You shouldn’t come here.  I think one of these guys in the bar makes a few bucks reporting back to the Group.  They’re a very careful group.  I’m pretty sure they’ve installed a spy.  If I catch him, I’ll kill him, but in the meantime…”
“I won’t stay,” Slamm cut in.  “I’m looking for Ron and Molly.”
“Now what did those two dumb asses do?”
“They came to my office looking for me.  I have no idea why.  So don’t ask.”
“You don’t want them in your office.  They’ll scare business away.”
“Exactly.  When you see them, tell them I’ll be in my old office after six o’clock.”
“Okay, I’ll do that,” Ace said.  Slamm turned for the door.  “Wait, Slamm.  What the hell, you’re already here.  Sit down and have a drink.”
Slamm sat down and reached for the bottle.  The dirty glass was waiting as always.  “So how you been, Ace?  You look a little drawn out.”  Slamm pushed the bottle to Ace.
“How am I?  What is this—a fucking social call?  We’re having a goddamn drink.  That’s all.”  He refilled his glass spilling some over his fingers.
Something was wrong.  “How’s your mom?”
Ace glared up from his drink.  “What are you—some kind of fucking mind reader?” he roared then choked.  His shot glass slipped from his wet fingers.  “Ah, look at that.  You made me make a mess,” he blubbered.  Long silence.  Slamm waited.  “I went over to see her today.  I brought her some ham salad.  She likes ham salad.  Kroger makes good ham salad.”  He filled the shot glass again and drank it right down.  “She told me she never wants to see me again,” Ace said into the empty shot glass.  “She told me she was sorry I was born.  She called me a freak.”
Slamm dropped his eyes.  It was hard to watch.  “That’s tough, Ace.  That’s as tough as it gets.”
“I don’t want to live, Slamm,” Ace blubbered again.
“Take it easy, Ace.”
“I don’t want to live.”
They were silent for a while, drinking.  Finally Slamm stood up.  “Got to go.”
“Sure.”
Before Slamm headed for the door, he placed a hand on Ace’s shoulder.  Ace surprised him by reaching up and grabbing his hand.  He squeezed Slamm’s hand hard.  Slamm stood there wondering if Ace would ever let go until he finally did let go, and Slamm left.

CHAPTER TWENTY-FIVE

Slamm’s lease on his old office was still in effect.   Even so, the owner of the building, who knew Slamm wouldn’t renew, was already using the space for storage.  It was cluttered with boxes, luggage, and furniture seized from non-paying tenants.  Slamm didn’t mind.  The owner had been very patient about Slamm’s frequent late payments.  Slamm sat in the dark at his old desk, full of seven years of crummy memories, and waited.  The streetlight came on.  It was after seven thirty.  He was about to give up waiting for the brother sister crime team when he heard them approaching the door.  He pulled his Beretta.
Ron was the first to swagger in.  Molly followed.  “We don’t need guns, Slamm,” Ron called.
“Says you,” Slamm said.  He pointed his Beretta between them so that it would take only a flick of the wrist to nail one or the other.  “Take your gun out, Ron, with your thumb and forefinger and place it on the floor.  You too Molly.”  The heavy guns thumped against the hardwood floor.  “Okay, what do you two want?  Make it quick.  I don’t like your company.”
“We’re not crazy about you either, Slamm,” Ron said.  “But we got something to show you.”  He tossed an office-size envelope at Slamm.  Slamm make no attempt to catch it, but instead kept his gun leveled between the brother-sister team.  The envelope landed at his feet.  He squatted down and picked it up while keeping his eyes and gun on the snickering two.
Slamm opened the envelope with one hand, reached in and shook the envelope off the contents.  It was a half dozen 5x7 photos.  Slamm holstered his Beretta.
Ron laughed.  “That’s right, Slamm.  I told you we didn’t need guns.  We can’t get any money out of you if you’re dead.”
Slamm spread the photographs out across his desk.  They were shots of him in the hotel room with Luther, Smithy, Huff, and the evil-looking woman.  “That damn videographer had his camera running,” Slamm thought out loud.
“Kind of puts you on the scene, don’t it, Slamm.  Makes you wonder how much highfalutin business you’ll be doing out of that swanky office if them pictures show up on the news and the Internet.  Ace won’t like it neither.  You’ll be famous.  You won’t be able to work at all without wearing a beard and dark glasses.  If you ain’t in jail.  Or if Ace doesn’t shoot your ass.”
“How did you know about the pictures?”
“Word gets around.”
“If these pictures have gotten around already, there’s no use paying you anything.”
“I bought the memory card right out of the camera.  Nobody has got nothing except me and Molly.”
“You have the card on you?” Slamm asked knowing it was a long shot.
Ron and Molly looked at each other and laughed.  “He thinks we’re stupid,” Molly said.
“I sure do, but what’s the deal?”
Ron’s smirking smile twisted into a frown.  “Ann took a lot of our money the last year.  We want it back and then some.  We can’t get anything from her, so we’ll get it from you.”
“I’ll have to deduct it from her pay,” Slamm said.
“You can squeeze it out of her in the sack.  We don’t care.  We want a grand every month—just like she got from us.”
Slamm leaned back in his old, creaky chair.  “Ah, gee, you’re both so happy I hate to spoil it for you.”
“What are you talking about?”  Molly moved forward.
“Remember the papers you took from the goofy kid?”
Ron and Molly glanced at each other.  They sensed what was coming.
“That’s right.”  Slamm smiled sympathetically.  “They weren’t what you wanted.  You burned copies of my two thousand three income tax forms.  The real papers are right here.” Slamm opened his jacket and pulled the heavily taped envelope free from his belt.
“Those are fake,” Ron said desperately.
“Let’s open the envelope and find out,” Slamm said still smiling.
“No.  They’re real,” Molly said despairingly.  “We were crazy to think he would trust that weird kid with the papers.”  She turned and slapped Ron across the face.  “I told you to check them before you burned them.  You never listen.”
Ron cowered and rubbed his cheek.
“Speaking of the weird kid…” Slamm said as he walked over to the water closet and pounded on the door.  The door opened and Freddie walked out.  He held Ann’s revolver tightly in both hands.  “You two remember, Freddie.  You scared the hell out of him and punched him in the face.  He wants an apology.”
Freddie approached Ron and Molly as if he were moving on a conveyor belt.  He was hunched over and holding the gun stretched forward at arm’s length and was jerking it left and right—Ron, Molly, Ron, Molly.  His wild eyes were bulging like they were ready to pop, and he seemed to be mouthing something, but no sound was coming out.
Ron and Molly backed away until they were against the wall.  “What is this?  Some kind of gag?”  Ron’s voice was shaky.
 “Yeah, it was supposed to be,” Slamm muttered as he pondered Freddie’s strange demeanor.  “Take it easy, Freddie.  All you want is an apology.  Remember?  You were supposed to just scare them a little and make them say they’re sorry.  But now you’re scaring me.”
That’s good, Mr. Slamm,” Freddie panted and turned the gun towards him, “because I want you up against the wall too.”
“What are you doing, Freddie?” Slamm asked as he retreated from Freddie’s advancing gun.  “I wanted to give you a chance to get even—to make it up to you.”
“Nothing can ever make it up to me, Mr. Slamm.  Ann was going to be my girl.  You tricked me.  Stand over by them, Mr. Slamm.”
“Freddie, you’re not thinking straight.  Ann only wanted the papers.  Once she had them, she wouldn’t want you around anymore.”
Freddie’s face turned white with a web of blue veins straining against his forehead.  “Liar!  Liar!  Liar!” he screamed hysterically.
Molly’s knees buckled.  “Oh, God, he’s going to kill us all,” she gasped.
“Slamm, do something,” Ron pleaded.  His raised hands were shaking.
“Put the gun down, Freddie,” Slamm ordered.
“Go to hell, all of you,” Freddie screamed and began rapidly pulling the trigger.  The hammer clicked repeatedly against the rotating cylinders—around and around and around.
“No bullets, Freddie,” Slamm said, but Freddie continued pulling the trigger until Slamm stepped forward and took the gun from his hands.  “I didn’t want you shooting yourself in the foot.”
Freddie fell to the floor kowtowing and sobbing.
“You knew the gun was empty,” Molly wept, “and you let us think we were going to die?”
“You’re breaking my heart,” Slamm said as he sat back down and lifted his feet up onto his desk.  “Okay.  We got ourselves a standoff.  You and Brother Ron don’t tell on me, and I won’t tell Ace on you.  But if any of those pictures show up anywhere, Ace gets this envelope gift-wrapped.  Now pick up your guns and get the hell out of here.”  Slamm unholstered his Beretta until the two were in the open doorway.  “And don’t ever put a foot in my office downtown again.”  As the door closed he shouted, “And leave Ann alone, or else.”
Slamm looked down at Freddie still rolled up and sobbing on the floor.  “Better run along, Freddie.  You’re late for work.”

CHAPTER TWENTY-SIX

Ann looked particularly beautiful when Slamm arrived at his office after completing an overnight assignment.  It was mid-afternoon.  She was in a form-fitting red dress and had her hair up on top of her head in some sort of Corinthian arrangement.  But she didn’t look happy.
“Oh, oh, what’s the matter?”
Ann poked her thumb at the door to Slamm’s part of the office.  “He’s here again, the cop with the attitude.”
“Crap,” Slamm said and stomped towards the door.
Ann called after him, “Did you find out who is stealing Mrs. Neiswander’s jewels?”
“Yep, the boyfriend of the gardener’s sister.”
“Really?  I was sure it was the pool boy’s uncle.”
Slamm was slightly placated to find Officer Bricker with his big feet off the furniture.  “This has got to stop, Leo.  I sell confidentiality.  Having a cop hanging around disturbs the imagery.  If you have to keep showing up here, wear a tuxedo.”  Slamm took his place behind his desk, went for the whiskey bottle in the bottom drawer, and leaned back.
“What’s going on with Ace?”  Bricker watched Slamm fill a second glass.
“I don’t know?  What are you asking me for?”
“You know him.”  Bricker picked up his drink.  His lieutenant bars were back, glinting on his broad shoulders.  “Thanks.”
“Nobody knows Ace but the Devil, Lieutenant,” Slamm noted.  “What’s he been doing?”
“I’ve had him watched for years, and all he usually does is go back and forth between Tubb’s bar and his apartment.  About three or four times a year he disappears for a day or so, and somebody else disappears for good, but otherwise, it’s just Tubb’s or his apartment.”  Bricker paused to drink.  “Now he’s hitting all the bars in town, starting fights, raising hell, and getting drunk out of his mind.  He spent last night in the slammer here in Columbus.”
Slamm studied the column of whiskey in his glass, how it reflected the light.  “That’s too bad,” he said pensively.
“That’s too bad?” the cop echoed.  “I don’t understand you, Slamm.  He’s a killer.”
“Yeah, I know.  But it’s a funny thing, Leo.  When someone calls you his friend, it’s hard not to be one.”
“Well, what’s he up to, Friend?”  Bricker’s tone was direct.
“He’s obsessed with his mother.  He wants her to love him and she doesn’t.  She regrets having the poor ugly beast.  She told him so and told him to take a hike, get lost for good.”
“Another mommy’s boy,” Bricker said with contempt.  “Why are criminals always mommy’s boys?”
“No fathers.”
Bricker gave the matter a second thought, and grinned.  “So, he’s vulnerable right now.”
“Tell me, Lieutenant, why Ace?  Manson City is full of criminals doing their best to get caught.”
It was Lieutenant Bricker, this time, who stared down into his drink—something heavy drinkers do when they muse.  “A few years back, my boys and I busted into Tubb’s on a false tip.  Ace laughed at me in front of my men; ridiculed me and made me look like a fool.”
Slamm sat up.  “That’s it?  That’s all?”
“That’s plenty.  Nobody is going to get away with making me a joke, especially in front of my officers.”
Slamm leaned back again and smiled.  Ace was a lot smarter than Leo.  He must have made the Lieutenant look like a total jerk.  “You’re a little on the sensitive side, huh?”
Bricker glared at Slamm but said, “You can get away with jerking me around—a little, but criminals can’t.  Which brings up another matter.  Why have you got that murderer working for you?”
Now Slamm was mad.  “You’re starting to sound like a televangelist, Leo.  Ann didn’t murder her husband.”
“Of course she did.  She had a ton of motives.  I can’t count how many times we were called to her place to break up a fight between her and her husband, and she was always getting the worse of it.  They would wake up the whole neighborhood with the racket they made.  I knew it was only a matter of time before one of them killed the other.  And she had the opportunity to make it look like an accident.”
“Which makes my point.  She would have to be stupid to do it herself.  Ace would have done it for her without hesitation.  They’re close friends.  You know that.  He paid for her legal fees.  Skull would have just disappeared.  No murder.  No suspects.”  Slamm shook his head.  “Ann is not stupid, Leo.  She’s a damn smart girl.”
“It was a crime of passion.  I see it all the time.  People do stupid things when they’re all cranked up.”
“Yeah, with a gun or a knife or a chainsaw, not with a handful of peanuts.”
“Maybe it was the knife that did him in after all.  Medical examiners make mistakes like everybody else.”
“Stop kidding. yourself.  You know it wasn’t.  You don’t like her because she’s Ace’s friend.  Admit it.”
“Those two women cooked the beans,” Bricker insisted but his brow was furled.  He was worried.  If Detective Jack Slamm had doubts, so should he, and he didn’t like it.  For seven years, Detective Slamm had nothing to work with except the soles of his shoes, but he never failed an investigation that Bricker knew of.
“Yeah, they cooked the beans, but they weren’t the only ones in the kitchen at the time.  Freddie Howard, the evening cook, had a chance to stir in the peanuts.”
“That goofy kid?  Come on, Slamm, that frightened simpleton wouldn’t have the nerve.  When we interrogated him, he bawled like a baby.  He fainted, for God’s sake—fell off his chair onto his skinny ass.  He’s harmless.”
“Yeah, I ruled him out too for the same reason, until he tried to shoot me and two others a couple of nights ago.  Frightened Freddie must be a part-time psychopath.  He’s so totally obsessed with wanting Ann that he’s capable of doing anything.”
“He had no chance with a good-looker like Ann, and he wouldn’t know about Skully’s allergy.  That’s why we excluded him,” Bricker said in a tone lacking conviction.
Slamm shook his head again.  “He was stalking Ann.  Sneaking into her apartment and going through her stuff.  He knew all of her and her husband’s business.  And he was delusional enough to hope he could have Ann for himself.”
Lieutenant Bricker shook his head resisting the obvious.  “No, no.  I don’t buy it.”
“Did your team do a psychological profile on Freddie?”
“He wasn’t a serious suspect,” Bricker said. 
“He should have been.  He was in the kitchen when the beans were being cooked.”
“The city spent almost a quarter of a million dollars trying to bring Ann Skully to trial.  If Ace hadn’t paid for a big-time defense lawyer, she’d be in prison until she went through menopause.  We couldn’t have been that far off the track.  We’re better than that.”  Slamm was silent.  “Damn it, Slamm, she cut her husband’s throat to hide the fact that she poisoned him, to make it look like she was trying to save him.  She plunged a knife into his throat almost to his neck bone.  That took grit. She’s as cold and ruthless as her buddy, Ace.”
 Slamm poured Bricker another drink.  He figured he needed it.
Bricker accepted it with resignation.  “You want to bring charges against Howard?”
“Nah.”
“What about the other people?  Will they want to file?”
“They’re criminals.”
“I’m going to have Howard picked up anyway, just to prove you wrong.”
“Okay.”
After Lieutenant Bricker sulked out of Slamm’s office, Ann slunk in.  She looked confused like the RCA dog only a lot prettier.  “What’s with the cop?” she asked.  “He stopped at my desk and just stood there looking down at me with a worried look on his face.”
“He thinks you might be his lost love child.”
“What?  My mother would never sleep with a cop.  A cop couldn’t afford her.”  Slamm smiled at her.  “Wait a minute.  You’re putting me on,” she said.
“Yeah, I lied,” Slamm admitted, still smiling.
“Well, you got me this time only because my dad and I weren’t close.  I sometimes wondered…”
Slamm interrupted.  He would listen to her story another time. “The cop is worried that he might be wrong about you, and he doesn’t want to be wrong about you.”
“How about you?  Do you think I killed Henry?”
“Anymore, I wouldn’t care if you did.  But no.  You didn’t do it.  Sit down and cross your legs, Ann.  I want to talk to you.”
She sat and crossed her perfect legs.  “Business or pleasure?”
“Both.  Have a drink.”  Slamm refilled both glasses.  “If you remember, you hired me to discourage your husband’s killer from killing you.  You were lying about that, but I forgive you.”
“Thanks.”
“Well, even though you were deceiving me, and were against me solving the murder, I did it anyway.  I think.”
Ann uncrossed her legs and stiffened.  “Was it Mother?  Please tell me it wasn’t Mother.  I know she wanted to protect me from Henry, and she’s highly emotional, but I don’t think she could actually murder someone.”  Ann was about to cry.  “Could she?”
“Well, Baby, I’m not so sure about that.”  He rubbed his side.  “But, no, it wasn’t Mom.  So relax.  In fact, I’m pretty sure she thought you did it.  She kept trying to talk me out of investigating the heinous crime.  So did you.  Each of you suspected that the other one had done it.  But it was Freddie.  Not sure, but I think so.”
“Freddie?”  Ann paused to consider the accusation; then took a big gulp of whiskey.  “Freddie?  Really?  He’s so wimpy and weak.”
“And crazy.  He tried to shoot me and Ron and Molly without batting a bulging eye.  He’s coo coo bananas.  The kind of coo coo that would think of murdering with peanuts.”
Ann released a sigh of relief.  Then she stiffened again.  “Hey, I let that little creep have sex with me because of you.  You gave him the papers as a bargaining tool, you rat.”
Slamm smiled and shrugged.  “Honest, I never dreamed you would actually do it.”
“I was desperate.  It was the only way I could get hold of the papers.  I didn’t want to lose everything.  Which I did anyway.”  She paused.  “Actually, it wasn’t that bad.  He was very sweet and...”
“I don’t want to hear about it.”  Slamm shook his head.  “You’re really a very naughty girl—sleeping with an emotionally stunted nut case—blackmailing criminals—tipping off hijackers.  Tis,tis.”
He poured her another drink.  “My guess is that the cops will subject Freddie to another interrogation, and, if they keep up the pressure, even after he faints, he’ll crack and confess.  A good lawyer will, of course, have the confession declared inadmissible because of Freddie’s mental state, but it will make the news.  You will be exonerated.  What do you think of that?”
“I think I want to have your baby.”
“And a sturdy little burger he would be, I’m sure; but at the present time, I’m hitting your mother.”
“She’s a slut.”  Ann finished her drink, crossed her perfect legs again, and smiled slyly at her boss.

CHAPTER TWENTY-SEVEN

By the time Slamm arrived at his health spa, it had closed early.  “Bastards,” Slamm grumbled after he had stopped rattling the glass doors.  So, with the envelope remaining on the passenger’s seat of his Ford, he headed for Gail’s apartment.
It was raining again, a cold, Ohio, October rain, and the draping sky was depression gray.  The air itself seemed gray.  The few huddled, intrepid individuals on the gray streets looked miserable, languid, and gray.  Slamm had wanted to take Gail out of that damn, gloomy, purple apartment of hers, but he would wait for a better evening.  Warm purple was a little better than cold gray.
Gail was a good cook, but he was becoming weary of her cooking.  She cooked a variety of meals, but they all possessed a certain common essence that he couldn’t identify.  Unless Slamm was just imagining it, this was true of all cooks.  It was as if their personalities affected the taste.  As for Gail, everything she fried had a certain aftertaste that had become tiresome.
After dinner, they retired to the purple living room with Slamm following her and watching her body’s undulating movements inside her lilac nightgown.  The display was more wonderful than any ballet.
She snuggled against him on the purple sofa.  There was a cold draft sneaking in from somewhere, and Gail had a maroon blanket waiting, which she pulled up over herself and Slamm.  The radio was playing, and Prince was singing Purple Rain.  One of life’s little jokes.  Slamm laughed a silent, bitter laugh, and he was drinking whiskey a little faster than usual.
“Are you bored?” she asked intuitively.
“Not with you.  Never with you.  I can’t wait to see you.  I count the minutes, the seconds, the nanoseconds.” 
“What is it then?”
“Do you realize that I’ve never seen you in the sunlight?”
“You might be disappointed.”
“No.  Your skin is translucent like porcelain.  You manage to glow even under this poor, dim lamp behind me.  Under the sun, you must be radiant like a goddess.”  Slamm added, “Why the hell do women tan themselves into leather?”
“Oh, brother.  What have you been reading?”
“I want to make love to you under the stars.  You can’t see the stars with the damn, gray city lighting up the damn, gray sky.”  He combed his fingers down through the length of her long hair.  “I would like to see your hair blowing in an ocean breeze—see the surf breaking over your tiny feet.  I loved the sea.  I sailed them all—all seven.”
“You are a romantic, Jack.  I can’t believe my ears.”
Slamm pulled her in closer.  He placed a gentle hand beside her cheek and turned her face up to his.  He kissed her lips, eyes, chin, and lips again.  “Marry me, Gail,” he begged, his lips brushing hers.  “Run away with me, away from this grimy, gray city to someplace where we can look up and see palms trees instead of the damn black utility poles that are everywhere here stringing their wires across the sky like spider webs.  Or how about a cabin in the woods by a cool lake?  You surrounded by fireflies?”
“What’s gotten into you?”
“For the first time in my life, I’m in love, and I don’t want to be in love here.  We’ll go somewhere where no one knows us.  No more Jack Slamm private eye.  I’ll be Janek Slamminsky again.  I’ll even go to confession, like my mother wants me to, and dump all of my years of dirty baggage.  Start over fresh and clean, and stay that way.”
Gail laughed.
Slamm loosened his embrace.  “Yeah, you’re right.  I’m talking like a fool.  It’s the whiskey.  I drink too much.  Why do I drink so much?  I didn’t used to.”
“You’re just now becoming successful. The big money is coming in.  You want to give that up?”
“I thought working uptown was what I wanted.  I thought the work would have some class, but I’m just doing the same dirty jobs, only now for people who dress better.”
Gail sat up straight and turned to face him.  “Listen to me, will you, Dopey?  The way things are going, eventually you’ll have so much business you’ll be able to hire other guys to do the dirty work while you and I are sitting under those palm trees or skinny dipping in that cool lake.  You’ll be an agency.  Maybe have branches in other cities.”
“I never thought about getting that big.”
“Well, start thinking about it,” she demanded and fell back into his arms.  “I won’t settle for anything less.”
Slamm wanted to push her away from him, pick up his hat, and walk out the door and never look back, but instead, he buried his face into her silky hair and held her tighter.  The more he loved the woman, the less he liked himself.

CHAPTER TWENTY-EIGHT

Ace called.  Slamm was in his old office sitting behind his old desk when the streetlight came on over his shoulder and broke up the darkness revealing the surrounding clutter, the ghostly remnants of disappointed lives.  The chiming cell phone in his hand was a disturbance, but it was Ace, so he answered.  “Yeah,” Slamm said.
“Where are you?”
“In my old office.”
“Why?”
“I don’t know.”
“You don’t know?”
“What do you want?”
“I’ll be there in five minutes.”  He clicked off.
Slamm refilled his glass slowly watching the play of light on the rippling whiskey.  It was hypnotic.  Or maybe he was just experiencing the mesmerism of the whiskey already rippling in his brain.  Or was it both?  In any case, it occupied his attention and kept him from thinking.  He didn’t want to think.  His gun felt heavy for the first time.  He pulled it out and laid it on the desk.  Ace walked in.
Ace sat down in front of the desk in the light.  He glanced quizzically at Slamm’s gun resting on the desk glinting in the same hard light.  Slamm was in the shadows.  A moment passed.  “You play cards, Slamm?”
“Huh?”
“Cards.  Do you like to play poker?”
“Yeah,” Slamm muttered and rubbed his temples.
Ace stared at Slamm—at the gun in front of him.  Slamm’s hands appeared into the light and dragged the gun back into the darkness.  Ace said, “Are you any good?”
Slamm looked up.  Ace was wearing a heavy, bulky, black overcoat; which was odd.  It was cold, but not that cold.  “Yeah.  I played a lot of cards in the Navy.”
“While at sea?” Ace asked trying to get Slamm to snap out of his funk. 
“Yeah.  Not much to do on a destroyer at night in the middle of the ocean.”
“You want to play some poker tonight?  I’m heading for a game.  There are three other players.  Five will make it more interesting.  I don’t like an even number.  The players tend to team up.”
Slamm finished off his drink, shoved his gun back under his arm, and stood up.  “Let’s go.”
They stepped out onto the vacant street.  Slamm’s Ford was at the curb with a black Lincoln behind it.  There were no other vehicles.  “We taking the Lincoln?” Slamm asked.
“I’m taking the Lincoln.”  A tiny red light ignited in Ace’s hand, and the Lincoln unlocked itself.  “You follow me.”
Slamm didn’t ask why because he didn’t care.  He climbed into his Ford and waited for Ace to pull away.  For almost a half hour, he followed the large black car deeper and deeper into the underbelly of the city where the lights became progressively dimmer and further apart.
The Lincoln came to a stop under a looming block of a building, an abandoned factory, five stories high—half brown brick and half painted-over glass.  No light was visible.  It sat alone in a vacant lot of rubble waiting its turn to be razed.
They entered the building through a heavy metal door.  Ace produced a flashlight and led the way.  Slamm put his penlight back into his pocket.
Inside, the commodious, hollow space was empty except for large, rusty bolts that protruded up from the concrete floor.  The bolts must have held down an array of heavy machinery that had left behind oil stains shadowing where they had once labored.  The space still smelled of machine oil and echoed their footsteps.
Incredibly, the elevator still worked.  The abandoned factory was still on line for free electricity.  An oversight that the denizens of the underworld were taking advantage of.
The elevator was a caged contraption large enough to lift a heavily armed mob, but it was slow.  As it rattled, swayed, and crept its way up, Ace had time to brief Slamm.  “I was institutionalized for a short time as a young man.  There were people of the court who thought I was nuts.  Anyway, they ran a battery of test on me and concluded that I have an IQ of two hundred and ten.  That’s pretty high they say.”
“I’d say so.” Slamm muttered.  “Maybe you can figure out my business tax forms.  Maybe.”
Ace smiled.  Slamm was a little more like himself.  “They said that I’m particularly talented when it comes to calculations and mathematics,” Ace continued.  “Poker is all calculations and mathematics.  If you can calculate the mean distribution of fifty-two cards of four suits among five players—and I can easily—the odds should be in your favor.  Right?  Now the guys we’re about to play are all stupid.  That’s why they’re criminals.”
Slamm bit his lip.
Ace continued, “I should be able to clean these guys out every game.  But I don’t.  They take my money.  I’m a genus, but I’m no detective.  I can’t figure out how they do it.  I watch their hands, the cards, their facial expressions, and I can’t spot it.  I know they got to be laughing at me, and I don’t like it.  It makes me mad.”
“That’s why I’m here,” Slamm sighed.
“I’ll stake you, and any money you might win is yours.”
“And here I thought you liked my company,” Slamm quipped wearily.
“But I do.  I do,” Ace insisted.  “No one ever has a singular motive for what they do.  We’re complex animals.  You’ve been in the business long enough to know that.”  Ace reached into his pocket.  “Hold your hands out—palms up.”  Slamm did as Ace asked.  Ace swirled the tip of a small tube over Slamm’s fingertips.  “Super glue,” Ace explained.  “No fingerprints.  Just in case.  Keep your fingers separate until the glue dries.  Only takes a few seconds.”
“We cracking a safe?” Slamm asked indifferently.
“No, but we may have to crack some heads.”
Slamm blew on his fingers until the elevator came to a jarring, clanking stop on the top floor.  Through the sliding cage door, Slamm peered into another huge, empty space—empty except for a small wood table, scattered chairs, and three characters who looked like they were fresh out of a James Cagney movie.  They sat waiting around the lone table in the center of the floor with a small electric space heater humming nearby.  A wispy plume of cigarette smoke rose from the ashtrays on the table, flowed up and around the overhanging light, and continued on up into the rafters.  They studied Slamm as he and Ace approached.
“Who’s this guy?” growled the largest of the three players.  His baldhead was scared.  He had a big mouth and a small nose.  His eyes were BB’s.  The other two were not as good looking.
“Gentleman,” Ace said, maybe ironically, “meet Jack Slamm, undefeated cruiserweight of nineteen ninety-nine.”
The bald head said, “Boxer, huh?  Has he got any brains left?”
What might have been a smile on Ace’s face turned into a grimace that could scare a drill sergeant.  “If you want to hang on to the few brains you got, you’ll watch that big mouth of yours.”
“I can answer for myself, Ace,” Slamm added, but no one was listening.  All eyes were on Ace in his balky coat.
“It’s a closed game,” the bald head insisted.  He looked at the other two for support.  They looked at each other for the same reason.
“Starting now,” Ace said and pulled out a chair and sat.  “Have a seat, Slamm.”
Slamm selected a chair from several scatter around, sat at the table, and turned on his detective self.  The three characters staring at him were thugs and nothing else.  They had the dull, fixed, predatory eyes and nighttime complexions common to lowlife criminals.  Like all who can feel only contempt, their dead faces mirrored their dead souls.  Slamm speculated that Ace, who—if he wanted—could hold his own in any company, must not feel comfortable in the land of the living.
The thug on Slamm’s left continued to stare at Slamm after the other two had looked away.  “I knew a boxer once,” the thug began.  “He thought he was pretty tough too, but he wasn’t tougher than my baseball bat.”
“That wouldn’t have been Juan Gallardo would it?”  Slamm felt a knot form in his gut.
“Yeah, yeah, that’s who it was.  My bat took his stupid head apart.”
“Yeah, the back of his head.”  The knot got tighter.  “He was a family man.”
“Ain’t that a shame,” the man sneered his mockery.  “I don’t like palookas.  They’re stupid.  For two bits, I’d kill them all.”
Slamm reached into his pocket and brought out the three quarters, which he slapped down on the table.  “Here’s six bits.  Get started.”
The thug snickered and looked away.
Slamm glanced at Ace.  Ace shook his head—not now.
Ace said, “If social time is over, let’s play cards.”
Slamm noticed that while the cards had been distributed about the table, they were somehow all face up, and no money was showing.  Had they been playing for fun?  Or not playing at all?  Waiting for Ace to show.
On the table there was a bottle and there were glasses.  There was, of course, no glass for Slamm, but it didn’t matter.  He knew he was not entitled to the bottle.  When he reached into his jacket for his flask, the three thugs froze in place until the flask appeared.  They were nervous.  That was interesting.
“Rudy, Nick, Pat,” Ace recited as he pointed out the owner of each of the names to Slamm.  The three made no response.  “Let’s play.”  Nick was the guy who liked baseball bats.
Rudy, the bald head, wasted no time reaching for the scattered cards.  His hand bumped over his near-empty glass, and a trickle of whiskey race across the table until in dispersed into a fan of cards.  “Shit fire!” Rudy grieved—poorly acted.  “That’s okay.  I’ve got a fresh deck in my coat pocket.”
As the other two creeps hurriedly pushed the loose cards in Rudy’s direction, Slamm joined in as if attempting a friendly gesture.  In doing so, he palmed a card and sandwiched it in his crotch.
The game began.
It was a mechanical, joyless affair.  Five-card-draw, mostly, with conversation limited to what was necessary to play the game.  For better than an hour, with monotonous regularity, Ace stretched his gorilla arms out across the table and hugged in the winnings, while Rudy, Nick, and Pat suffered in silence.  The betting was light.
“The cards are finally coming my way,” Ace said drearily.  “And tonight no one wants to bet more than the price of a cheap cigar.  Why is that?”
Rudy’s laugh was shaky around the edges.  “Hey, you’re on a fucking winning streak.  Why throw our money away?”  He lit up, probably his tenth cigarette since the game began.
“Yeah?  And you three are bums.”  Ace stood up.  “Deal me out.  I need a break.  I need some air.  I smell a rat.”  He glanced at Slamm.
Slamm slapped down his cards, blue-sides up, and stretched.  “Yeah, me too,” he grunted.
He walked with Ace out of the cone of smoky light and across the dark metal floor to a metal door.  It creaked and opened revealing the rusted platform of a fire escape.  Ace closed the door behind him.
Overhead, there was a full moon and winking stars high above flying, noctilucent clouds.  Five stories below, was the field of rubble.  Slamm looked up.  Ace looked down.
“You noticed something,” Ace said, leaning over the railing and staring down into the crumpled darkness.  “I saw it on your face.”
“What do you say, you just gather up your winnings, and we get the hell out of here?”
“They’ve been cheating me, right?  How were they doing it?”
“Yeah, they were cheating you.  So, what?  You lost a few grand in the past.  You got some of it back tonight.  Big deal.  Let’s go.”
“Goddamn it!  It’s the principle, Slamm.”  Ace pushed hard against the iron railing.  It bent.
“Ace, listen to me.”  Slamm brought a hand down onto Ace’s heavy shoulder.  “There is no principle here.  Those three guys are worthless.  What they think is worthless.  Their opinions are worthless.  It doesn’t matter.”
“It doesn’t matter in your world, but this is my world, and it matters.”  Ace turned to face Slamm.  The wan moonlight made his face look ashen, ghastly.  “In my world, respect is everything.  You lose respect, you lose everything.  You count for nothing.  In my world, there is no concern, no charity, no forgiveness.  There’s only respect.  If you lose respect, if you let somebody laugh at you, you might as well be dead, and the odds are you soon will be.  How were they doing it?”
Slamm exhaled and dropped his hand away.  “Okay.  Are you colorblind?  Do you have trouble seeing yellow?”
“Yeah, I am.  I can see red and green okay, but I’m blind to yellow and blue.”  It took only a fraction of a second for Ace to catch on.  He gritted his teeth.  “They’ve been playing me with marked cards.”  Ace rapped his big fist against the iron railing.  “Are you sure, Slamm?”
Slamm held up the card he had palmed.  Using his penlight, he lit up the back of the card.  “There are two yellow dots in the upper right-hand corner—made with a felt marker.  Can you see them?”
“No.”
“Let me have your car keys.”
“What for?  We’re not leaving.”
“I’ve got an idea that might work.  I want to use that little red light on the car-door opener.”
Ace dug into his coat pocket and handed over the keys.  Slamm held the black, thumb-size device close to the card and depressed the button.  The tiny red light flashed on projecting a ring of red light onto the corner of the card.  The two yellow dots glowed against the blue background.  “You see them now?” Slamm asked.
“Yeah, I see them,” Ace said in a dreadful monotone.  “Give me the card.”  Ace snatched the card from Slamm’s fingers and slipped it into his pocket.
Detective Slamm continued to speculate.  “If two marks meant king, then I’ll bet one mark must have meant ace.  Three queen, and four jack.”
“Whatever,” Ace droned his disinterest.  “Let’s get back to the table.  Play some more cards.”  He yanked open the door and reentered the hollow room.  On the way back, Ace said, “Things are going to happen.  You stay out of it.  From here on, it’s none of your business.”
“How do they know about your colorblindness?”
“Before I had Molly around to pick out my dress clothes, I wore some funny color combinations.  Everybody who knows me, knows I can’t see yellow or blue.  These rats were using it against me,” Ace hissed through clinched teeth.

CHAPTER TWENTY-NINE

Rudy turned away from a hushed conversation with Nick.  “I say we call it a night,” Rudy announced as Ace came up the table.
Slamm noticed that the three had their coats unbuttoned and open even though the poorly heated room had become colder as the long night continued.
Ace sat down at the table behind his winnings.  “Don’t you bums want a chance to win your money back?”
Nick and Pat, who were keeping their hands close to the edge of the table, made some negative sounds.  Only Rudy spoke up.  “Nah, it was your turn to win.  We’ll catch up some other time.”  He leaned forward in his chair preparing to stand up.
Ace took hold of Rudy’s elbow and held him in place.  “You can’t quit while I’m on a winning streak.  I wouldn’t like that.  How many times have you three cleaned me out?”
“I’m getting cold, Ace,” Rudy whined.  “My lungs.  My doctor said…”
Ace said, “Button up your coat.  Have a drink.”
Rudy glanced at the other two.  “Okay.  One more hand.”  The other two slumped into acquiescence.
“One more hand?” Ace said.  “And in that case, we’re going to bet big.  Right?”
“Yeah, I suppose so,” Rudy groaned.
Ace reached across the table for the deck.  Nick got hold of the deck first and slid it over to Slamm.  “It’s the palooka’s deal,” Nick said with derision.
Ace turned to Slamm.  “He doesn’t know who you are, Slamm.”
“That makes us even.  I don’t care who he is.”  Slamm rapped his knuckles on the table.  “Pass.”  He shoved the cards over to Ace and sat back.  Slamm unzipped his jacket.
As he shuffled, Ace smiled at each of the three men in turn.  They didn’t smile back.  “Five cards—four up and the last one down.  Jacks or better to win.  No fair peeking.”  Ace pushed in all of his winnings.
Rudy gawked at the pile of bills.  “You want us to match that?”
“Correct.  Twelve hundred.   You bums think I’m going to let you walk out the door when I’m finally winning.  We play this last hand my way or we play all night.”
“Okay, okay.”  Rudy began counting off his portion.  The other two joined in begrudgingly.
“What kind of bullshit game is this?” Nick scoffed, but he and Pat continued thumbing off their matching amounts.
Ace smiled at Nick.  “It’s called winner takes all.  I just made it up.”
“What about the palooka?” Nick demanded.
Ace threw in another stack of bills.  “I got Slamm covered.  He’s working for me.”
“Working for you?” Nick hissed.
“That’s right.  He’s a private dick.  He’s working on a case for me right now.”
The three criminals looked at Slamm with bewilderment.
Ace continued to smile as he spun a card to each of the four players.  “Your jack of clubs is high,” he said to Pat.
“You said it’s winner takes all,” Pat complained.  “What the hell you want from me?”
“More money.  I didn’t say you won’t continue betting.  It’s your bet, Pat.  Bet something.”
Pat scowled as he tossed in fifty bucks.  Everybody followed.  “This is shit,” Pat added.
“You’re telling me,” Ace agreed.  “Fifty lousy bucks.  I’ll see you, and five hundred more.  I’m throwing in ten to cover Slamm.”
“I got it, Ace,” Slamm said sliding in his share.
The three players looked at each other with growing suspicion as they matched Ace’s bet.  Something was going on, but they couldn’t grasp it.
The cards went around again.  Nick had a queen of diamonds.  No one drew better, and Pat threw in his cards and dropped out.  “I can’t cover another five hundred plus,” he said.
Ace slid his hands back to the edge of the table.  “You’re a lying bastard.  Play.”  Pat dropped his eyes, picked up the cards, and ate the insult.
Nick’s queen was high.  He tossed in a fifty like he were throwing away a snot rag.  Ace raised it with another five hundred.
The cards went around a third time.  Rudy caught a queen.  Nick dealt the fourth round and gave himself a Jack and the chance for a straight.  Pat got his second Jack and was obviously feeling a little better until Rudy landed another queen.  Ace finally got some royalty, a king of spades.
“A pair of queens,” Ace exclaimed.  “You lucky sonabitch.  It looks like my luck has run out.”  Rudy gawked back and forth from his cards to the pyramid of money.  Ace added, “I should have quit when I was ahead.”
 The deck came around to Slamm, who again rapped his knuckles on the table and passed the deck to Ace.
Nick said, “What’s the matter, Palooka?  Can’t you count?”
“I’m going to count you out after this game, Nicky,” Slamm finally said.  “That’s a promise.”
“Yeah?”  It was the best Nick could do.
“You lucky bastard,” Ace continued his congratulation; then dealt the final round with the cards face down.  Ace kept the edge of his own card covered with his hand.  “Still your bet, Rudy.”  Another $2,750 went in.  “Okay, don’t turn your cards over.  No peeking,” Ace announced.
“What do you mean no peeking?” Nick sneered.  “What goddamn difference does it make now?  It’s winner take all.”
Ace’s smile was terrifying.  “Because now I want to play double or nothing.”
Nick jumped to his feet.  “You can’t do that!  Shit, Man, what are you trying to pull?”
“Sit down,” Rudy ordered.  He had a pair of queens.
Nick fell back onto his chair.  He looked over at Slamm.  Slamm was grinning.  “What are you grinning at, Shit-head?  It’s jacks or better.  You got nothing.”
Ace said to Rudy, “It’s up to you, Rudy.  You’re high.  It’s your bet.  Double or nothing or we play all night.”
“Don’t do it, Man,” Pat begged.  “What chance have I got to get a third Jack?”
“There’s a lot of money on the table,” Rudy said as much to himself as to the others.  Blisters of sweat appeared on his hairless scalp.  “Double—it will come to...”
“Twenty-seven thousand five hundred,” Ace said, doing the arithmetic for him.
“Twenty-seven thousand five hundred,” Rudy repeated licking his dry lips.
“You think it over, Rudy,” Ace said cordially.  “No hurry.  No hurry at all.”  Ace reached for the bottle and poured himself a drink exposing the card with the yellow dots.
The three men jerked like they had been electrocuted.
Ace sighed, “Well, Rudy, what do you say?  Pat needs a third jack.  Nick needs a ten to have a straight.  If they don’t, you win double.  The odds that Pat will land his third jack are four point three percent, and Nick getting a straight is seventeen point four percent.  Good odds for you.  What are you waiting for?”
Rudy remained stiff, like rigor mortis had already set in.  The sweat on his bald head broke loose and flowed down his temples.
“You’re sweating, Rudy,” Ace said.  “What’s the matter?  You feeling sick?”
“He’s got a pair of kings,” Pat, the dumbest one, blurted out.
Ace showed his teeth, but it wasn’t a smile.  “How do you know that, you stupid mother…?”
As if on cue, everyone jumped up and the guns came out.  For Slamm, what played out in three or four seconds in real time, seemed to happen in slow motion.  Slamm’s left hand was the quickest.  His Beretta was out and level a half-second before Nick’s.  Nick aimed at Ace.  Slamm fired at Nick’s head for a quick kill.  Ace crossed his arms over his chest and, out from under his heavy coat, came a .45 in one hand and a .357 magnum in the other.  The two big guns opened up belching fire across the table.  Cards and money were thrown up into the smoke-filled air.  Both Rudy and Pat were late fumbling their guns clear and were hit repeatedly, but they continued to fire wildly as they stumbled back from the table and fell to the floor.
Silence.
Ace stood at the table.  The two guns smoking in his diamond-flashing hands.  He turned his ugly head and looked Slamm up and down.  “You okay?”
“Yeah.”  Slamm holstered his gun.
“I told you to stay out of it.”
“Nick had the drop on you.”
“I’m wearing body armor.  That’s why the big coat.”
“How about your head?  That’s where Nick was aiming.”
Ace smiled a genuine smile.  “Thanks.”
A deep groan came from the other side of the table.  Ace stepped around to the other side.  Slamm watched a pair of hands rise above the level of the table as Ace stood above them looking down.  “You’re supposed to be dead, Rudy,” Ace said in a matter-of-fact tone.
“No.  Please, Ace.”  It was Rudy’s strained voice.
“You shouldn’t have been playing me for a fool, Rudy.  That wasn’t nice.”
“No, no, Ace, I just needed the money.  My lungs.  Don’t shoot.  You and me, we go back a long way, Ace.”
“Well, Rudy, this is as far as we go.”  Ace fired the .45 down between the two begging hands.  The hands fell away.
Ace stepped over Rudy’s body to where Nick’s body lay spread eagle.  A halo of blood encircling Nick’s head was slowly spreading over the floor, covering the three quarters that had fallen from the table.  Ace nudged the head with the toe of his shoe, rotating the head to one side so that the bullet hole was turned up.  Ace leaned over and pointed the .357 down at the seeping hole.
“What are you doing?” Slamm spoke up.  He had had enough horror for one day.
  “We don’t want the law digging out that slug from your peashooter, do we?”  He fired and the head came apart.  “Yeah.  That should do it.  They won’t be looking for a thirty-two slug.  No thirty-two could do that.  Hopefully, they’ll find my slug first and be satisfied.”
Slamm’s .32 slug rolled across the floor leaving a thin line of blood behind it.  Slamm picked it up with an unpaid traffic ticket and put it into his pocket.
A sailor had fallen overboard in the Indian Ocean.  Before Slamm and the other sailors could fish him out, the sharks got to him.  Slamm helped retrieve what was left of the sailor.  He couldn’t sleep for three days.  The image of the shredded sailor would appear whenever he closed his eyes.  This was somehow worse.  Slamm wondered when he would be able to sleep again after seeing Nick’s head splatter like a kicked watermelon.
Ace crossed his arms putting his guns away.  “Let’s get out of here.”
“The money,” Slamm said.
“Who cares?  Let’s go.”
Back on the street, Slamm was surprised by how quickly the weather had changed.  The moon and stars were gone.  A strong wind was now blowing, stirring up dust together with trash whirling it all high into the black sky like lost souls.  A drop of rain fell onto his hand as he reached for the door handle of his car.  A moment later, when he was behind the wheel, streaks of rain were dabbing the windshield and tap dancing on the roof.  The passenger door opened, and Ace fell into the seat laughing.  Slamm was missing the joke, but didn’t care.  “Something wrong with the Lincoln?” Slamm asked blandly.  He had had enough Ace for one evening also.
“Yeah, I stole it for the occasion.  I need a car; I steal it.  Don’t need it now.”
Slamm pulled away from the curb.  “What about fingerprints on the Lincoln?”
Ace held up his hands and wiggled his stubby fingers.  “Super glue.  Remember?”  He laughed again.  He was high—elated.  A true killer.
The tempo of the rain increased, and the tap dancing on the roof became a low roar.  Ace stopped laughing and began to squirm in his seat.  He raised a hip and pulled free the envelope.  He held it up and turned it one way then another.  “This thing again,” he said.  “What the hell is in this thing?”
Slamm held out his hand.  “Give it here.”
“No.  I want to see what’s in this thing.  I’m curious.”  Ace snapped open a switchblade.
“I said, give it here!”  Slamm snatched the envelope from Ace’s grip and tossed it over his shoulder onto the back seat.
For a very long moment, Ace stared at Slamm with the same dead eyes he had had for the dying Rudy.  Then he smiled.  “It’s a good thing I love you, Slamm.  I’m in a killing mood.”  He closed the switchblade.
“Yeah, I noticed.  Don’t you ever show compassion?”
“Yeah, when I’m out of bullets.”
They drove on into the night.

CHAPTER THIRTY

The following morning Slamm sat behind his new desk with a stick doughnut and a cup of coffee in front of him.  He passed on the doughnut, poured whiskey into his coffee, and called it breakfast.  He couldn’t sleep the night before.  He had dozed off for a moment or two and had awakened from a dream in which the sailor’s shark-eaten body and Nick’s exploding head were all mixed together like some ghastly stew.
Ann walked in.  “There’s a Mr. Heft waiting to see you, Slamm—and you look terrible.”  She stepped behind the desk, straightened Slamm’s tie and pinched both his cheeks with both her hands.
“Ouch!  What the hell are you doing?”
“You need some color in your face.  You look like death warmed over.”
Slamm rubbed his stinging cheeks.  “Is Mr. Heft’s hair all below his ears?”
“Yes.”
“I don’t need any color.  Heft is just another shamus.  Show him in.”
She walked away in a fanny-hugging black skirt and an orange blouse.  It was almost Thanksgiving.  She held open the door.  “You may come in, Mr. Heft.”
Steve Heft walked in, gazed back at Ann until she closed the door behind her, and then whistled through his teeth.  “Where did you get her, Slamm—out of a Victoria Principle catalogue?”
“Steve, we meet again.  Sit down.  How you doing?”
Steve Heft was rubbernecking the office as he sat.  “Looks like you’re doing okay.  Everything looks expensive.  Are you sure you’re not a lawyer?”
“I’ve got enough sins to account for without being a lawyer too.”  Slamm produced the bottle and two double-shot-size glasses.  “What brings you here, Steve?”  He poured.
“I need a job.  I’m broke.”  He smiled a nervous smile and looked longingly at the glass, half full of whiskey.  “Do I still get that drink?”
“Let me fill it the rest of the way up, you poor son-of-a-bitch.”  Slamm filled it to the brim.  “What happened?”
Steve was careful, slurping the whiskey first to keep from spilling any.  He sighed and leaned back.  “Couple of things.  I worked for a month wrapping up an expensive case—my expense—and my client’s check bounced.  He’s some third-world millionaire, and he has skipped the country.  I don’t have the funds to chase him down.”  Steve paused to drink.  “He’s probably sitting in his harem right now telling his girls how he suckered an American.”  Another nervous smile.
“And he’s probably collecting government assistance,” Slamm added.  “Go on.”
“This is good booze, Slamm,” Steve said.  “Anyway, I’m still crying over the bum check when the IRS calls me in for an audit.”
“Oh, boy.”
“Uncle Sam didn’t agree that my wining and dining some potential clients of the gentle sex were business expenditures.  That and other things.  Long-story-short, they wiped me out.  Took everything.  They didn’t even leave me my gun to shoot myself.”
“Miserable bastards.  Close a working man down and squander his earnings,” Slamm growled and pour another round.
“Yeah.  I, I don’t know what to…”
“Tell you what,” Slamm interrupted and leaned back in his spring-loaded chair.  “I’m so busy I’m turning away less lucrative assignments.  I hate to do that.  Why don’t I send them your way?”
Steve leaned over, resting his elbows on his knees and rubbing the palms of his hands together.  “Slamm, I…”  His voice cracked.  He had run out of courage.  “I don’t have an office anymore.  I don’t have a pencil sharpener.  I don’t have anything you don’t see in this chair.”
“That’s tough,” Slamm said sincerely.  He stared into his drink for a moment.  “Don’t take offense, Steve, but I’ll have to run a background check on you before I can give you an answer.  We spent some time together over a couple of beers.  That’s all I know about you.”
“Sure, sure.  I’d do the same if it were the other way around.”
“If you check out okay, I guess I can use you.”
Steve looked like he was about to fall apart.  He turned away, and Slamm looked out the window.  After an awkward moment, Slamm said, “Can you use some cash?  An advance?”
“Wouldn’t hurt.”
Slamm dug out his wallet and peeled off five hundred-dollar bills.
Ann poked her beautiful head through the half-open doorway.  “Sorry to interrupt, but there’s a Mrs. Bridgewater waiting to see you, Slamm.”
Both men appreciated the interruption.

The sunset was spectacular, blazing like a forest fire and igniting the windows of Columbus’s high-rise buildings into a checkerboard of fiery red and setting the Scioto River ablaze.  Slamm hesitated for one last gander at the spectacular display before entering his office building after a busy day.  He held a bouquet of red roses.
He entered his office and found the rubicund glow flaring through the window and infusing the office with an ardent ambience that tinged Ann’s translucent skin with surreal beauty.
“Are those for me?” she asked, half kidding.
“Ah, no, not this time.”
“For my old lady, huh?”
“Yeah, for your mother.”  Slamm tried to step around Ann on his way to his inner office.
She sidestepped and blocked his way.  “What has she got that I ain’t got?”
“Me.”
“Are you sure?  I don’t think you can afford her.”  Ann took hold of Slamm’s lapels with both hands.  “Now me, you can have me for a roast-beef sandwich and a beer.”
“I never know if you’re kidding me or not, Ann, but it doesn’t matter.  I’m nuts about your mother, and I can afford her.  You keep the books.  You know the money is coming in.  Right now, I’ve got a check in my pocket for fifteen hundred bucks for just today’s work, and I’m going to hire on an assistant.  I think your mother will be impressed when I bring her up to date—tonight.”
Ann dropped her hands and stepped back.  “What the hell is wrong with you?”  She turned her back to Slamm, picked up the ledger from her desk and threw it against the wall.  She turned back around.  Her face was red as the sunset.  “What the holy hell is wrong with you, Slamm?  How can you sell yourself?  In this whole nerdy, big-talking world there’s not another man like you.  Mother should thank God that you’re…”  She turned away again.
“Come on, Ann.  Get real.  Your mother is smart for holding out for the best deal she can get.  I admire her for that.  Blind love works only in the movies and fairy tales.”
“Oh, go away, you dope.”
“Okay.  I am in a hurry.  Got a big night planned.  You can join us for dinner, if you want.”
“Get lost.”
Slamm shook his head then sighed, “Will you remember to turn off the lights and lock up?”
“Yes, yes, just go away.  Why would I forget?  You think I care?” she choked.

Under a now fading purple and gray sky, Slamm pulled up behind a black limousine waiting at the curb before Gail’s apartment building.  A chauffeur, also black in garb and complexion, leaned against the car and was smoking his third cigarette; there were two butts on the sidewalk next to his polished shoes.  His supercilious glance at Slamm showed the disdain that those who orbit the rich have for those who don’t.
Slamm hurried up the four flights of stairs to Gail’s door.  He wished that he hadn’t hurried.  A film of sweat lay under his clothes.  The door behind him opened, and the old woman hung her gray head out.  She looked at Slamm sadly and retreated behind her closing door without saying a word.
The door before him opened.  Gail stood framed in its dark woodwork.  Her copious hair was piled up on top of her head and fell in ringlets.  She wore makeup.  The black form-fitting gown, wrinkle-free and repaired, clung to her body under bare shoulders and under a glittering necklace that Slamm had not seen before.  She was tall on stiletto heels.  Held in both her white-gloved hands was a bouquet of blue orchids.
“Jack,” she gasped.
Behind her stood a tall elderly gentleman.  His carefully groomed hair was as white as was his modest mustache.  His overcoat was black and straight with a collar of black silk.  A broad gray tie matched his gray suede gloves.  Over his arm, he held a wrap for Gail.  It was white fur.  He looked Slamm up and down and swallowed hard.
“I was going to call you,” she whispered.
“From Paris?”
“I’m sorry.”
“Don’t be.  Better now than later.”
Gail looked at the roses that now hung at Slamm’s side.  “Are those for me?”
“No, they’re for him.  To the victor go the spoils.”  Slamm lifted the roses in a mocking gesture.  The man remained motionless.
Gail took the roses and pressed them to her breast.  “I love them, Jack.  I love them with all my heart.”
The tall man took a step forward.  “Our plane is waiting,” he spoke against her ear.  Even his voice was groomed.
Slamm stepped aside and watched them descend the stairway.  The man turned at the first landing and looked up at Slamm.  “Who is he?” he asked the woman.
“That’s Jack Slamm,” she answered proudly.
They disappeared at the next turn, and were gone.
Slamm recalled a scene from the movie,  Shane.  Jean Arthur says to Alan Ladd who plays Shane, “I’ll never see you again, Shane.”  Shane says, “Never is a long time.”

CHAPTER THIRTY-ONE

Ann found Slamm sitting behind his old desk in his old office in the dark.  “What are you doing here?” she asked as she stood noir in the light from the streetlight.
“I don’t know.”
“Mother arrived safely in Paris, in case you want to know.”
“Good.  But that’s all I want to know.  Don’t tell me anything more.”
“You going to drink that whole bottle all by yourself?”
“That was my intention, but pull up a dusty chair and sit down.  We’ll have to drink out of the bottle tonight.  I threw my only glass against the wall.”
“It will taste the same.”  Ann slapped the chair with a hankie from her purse.  The dust swirled up in the hard light.  “Ace told me I would find you here.”
“What did he want?”
“He wants to see you.  He didn’t say why.”  She reached for the bottle.
“I’ve got to get out of Ace’s world.  It’s not a nice place to be.  Too many flying bullets.  Too much blood and gore.”
“Were you in on that shooting on the Eastside?”
“Are you wearing a wire?”
“Don’t be silly.  Of course not?” 
“Then I won’t tell you.  I need to be punished.”
“You’re funny,” she droned.  “You want to sleep with me tonight?  You’ll feel better.”
“No.”
“Why not?”
“I care for you.”
“That doesn’t make any sense.”
“I won’t use you.”
“Damn you, Slamm.  You can be so sweet sometimes.  You break my heart.”
Slamm came into the light as he leaned over his desk for the bottle.  The streetlight haloed around his head, but enough light reflected up from the desk to reveal his eyes.  They were a different shape like they were heavy.  “Do you have any idea what Ace might want?”
Ann was startled by Slamm’s appearance, his suffering.  It took her a moment to recover.  “He…he seemed to be looking for something.”
“Ann, about those papers in that taped up envelope, what were they about?”
“What difference does it make?  They’re destroyed.  And the fewer people who know about…”
“Yeah, yeah, I’ve heard that song more than once.  Trust me.  What was in that envelope?”
Ann sat for a moment staring at Slamm’s silhouette.  Then she shrugged.  “Oh, well, what the hell.”  She reached for the bottle.  “My husband had sex with Molly one drunken night just because she was Ace’s woman.  Molly became pregnant.  Molly needed money for her drugs, but Ace was withholding his usual handout hoping she would clean herself up.  So my wonderful husband talked her into selling the baby and splitting the money.  Through connections that Otto had, he found a childless couple way out in Colorado who wanted a baby and had money.
“The couple was paying fifty thousand dollars, so they wanted to be sure they were getting a normal, healthy baby.  They insisted that a complete DNA analysis be preformed.  They were willing to pay for it.  Well, low and behold, the analysis revealed that Ace, not Henry, is the father of the baby even though Ace always used a condom, fearing that any kid of his would look like him.  You got to be careful how you use those things, you know.  Anyway, Henry and Molly went ahead and sold the baby just the same.”
“Great balls of fire!” Slamm said, sounding more like himself.
“Ace was ready to kill them both for selling the baby.  You know how he loves kids.  The only thing that stopped him was he thought it was Skull’s baby, and—like everybody else in the world—he hated and despised the ground Skull walked on.  And the two of them were in business at the time making big money jacking the big trucks.”
“The papers are a printout of the DNA analysis,” Slamm concluded.
“Right.  Can you imagine what would happen if Ace knew that it was his baby that was sold?  Blood would flow like water.”
“Maybe yours for not letting him know.”
“But I would be the one to let him know if Molly didn’t keep paying me.  Mother was worried sick that somebody else would be the first to get the word to Ace.  Then I would be in trouble.”
“You played a dangerous game.”
“You take your chances, and you win or lose,” she said and took another drink.
Slamm thought the matter over for a moment then said, “But the printout wouldn’t have Ace’s name on it.  How would he know by reading the results that the baby was his?” 
“The printout disclosed that the baby carries a gene for colorblindness, a rare form of colorblindness.  No blue or yellow.  Ace is colorblind that way.  What are the odds?”
“Is the baby colorblind?”
“No.  She just carries the gene.”
“I’ll be damn.”
“I think before it’s all over, we’ll all be damned, Slamm.  We’re all lost souls.” She laughed, and Slamm recalled the statuette he sold to Ace.
“Do you have any idea who the couple is out in Colorado?”
“Why?”
“If Ace knew that the kid was being well taken care of, he may not want to kill more than a dozen people.”
“That’s a comforting thought.  I could stop sleeping with my gun under my pillow.”  Ann needed a minute.  “As best as I can remember, they live south of Denver and north of Colorado Springs.  The couple is in their late forties.  He’s a big-time broker for a railroad.  Is that enough?”
“That’s plenty.”
“Are you going to track them down?”
“No, I better stay here and keep you out of trouble.  I’ll send my man.”
“Your man?”
“Steve Heft.  I’m going to hire him.”
“Hooray!  We’re an agency.”
Slamm paused long enough to make a decision, and then said, “Are you a happy drunk or a mean drunk?”
 “Happy drunk.  Why?”
Slamm pushed the bottle across the desk toward her.  “Have a drink—a big one.  I’ve got something to tell you.”
Ann tilted her head and narrowed her eyes.  “Yeah?  What?”
“Drink.”
She lifted the bottle up to and over her full lips.  A couple of big bubbles rose up to the bottom of the bottle.  She lowered the bottle with a raspy sigh.  “Okay.  Let me have it.” 
“Ron didn’t burn the printout.  He burned my old income tax forms thinking they were the real thing.  I still have the original papers locked up in my locker at a spa.”
“You bastard!”
“Have another drink.  Maybe it will start to seem funny.”
“It will take more than one.”  So she drank another.  “What are you going to do with them?”
“I’m using the papers to blackmail the brother-sister team so they can’t blackmail me into paying them the money you blackmailed from them.  It’s a standoff.”
Ann smiled.  “It’s starting to get funny.”  She gulped more whiskey.  “What do they have on you?”
“They have proof that I’m the Lone Ranger.”  Slamm shook his head.  “Why the hell did I have to call myself that?  I was almost sober at the time.”
“I thought so,” she exclaimed.  “But you’re a hero—sort of.”
“It’s the sort of that’s the problem.  The bottom line is I was aiding Ace in the commission of a murder.”
“But that’s not what happened,” she defended and hiccupped.”
“An attempt to commit murder is a crime.”
“Oh, yeah,” she agreed and shoved the bottle to Slamm.  “I guess I’ll be sleeping with my gun for a while longer.”

“You wanted to see me?” Steve Heft said as he stood before Slamm’s desk.  His brown suit needed pressed.  His former too-black goatee was salt-and-pepper gray.
“Yeah, Steve.  Have a seat.”  It was late evening, and Slamm had his jacket off and was wrestling out of his shoulder holster.  “Long day,” he explained.  “A rich, young woman had me check out the activities of her non-rich lover and prospective husband.  I had to break the news to her that he had a girlfriend who was already counting my client’s money.  She was devastated.  She cried and cried and got my check all wet.  I hope the bank will accept it.”
“Those kinds of jobs are always rough,” Steve, only half listening, said and sat down on the edge of the chair.
“Steve, your background check came back pretty good.  Just one thing showed up.  You got into a little trouble with the law for withholding information about a client.”
“How bad does that work against me?”
“In my book, not at all,” Slamm said as he opened a desk drawer and produced the customary bottle.  “Lawful or not, a client’s information is sacred.  You’re hired.  Have a drink.”
Steve exhaled and sat back.  “That’s great.”
“Where’re you living?”
“In my car.”
“Well, we can’t have that.  I have an assignment for you that will take you cross country.  You’ll be living in motels for a while.  Is that okay?”
“Are you kidding?  Did you ever try to change your underwear in a Volkswagen beetle during a rainstorm?”
“No, but I once took a shower on a destroyer during a hurricane.  I never did find that bar of soap.”

When the elevator doors opened, Mr. Kensey stood waiting in the hallway next to the door to Slamm’s old office.  “I need the key, Slamm,” he said holding out his hairy hand.  He was a very short and hairy man who always wore a white shirt and tie but never a suit.  His neck was hairy.  His arms below his rolled-up sleeves were hairy.  He was about sixty.  He owned the building.
“My lease up?”
“As of last week.”
Slamm dug into his pocket, twisted the key off his key ring, and tossed the key to the hairy man.  He caught it and asked, “Why do you come here almost every evening, Slamm?”
Slamm shrugged.  “I don’t know.”
“Maybe your life was simpler back when you worked out of here.”
“That could be it,” Slamm said. 
“I’ve know you a long time, Slamm.  I don’t remember you being half drunk all of time like you have been this last month.”
“Yeah, yeah, you’re right, Mr. Kensey.  I need to cut back.”
Mr. Kensey unlocked the office door and swung it open.  “One last time,” he said.
“Thanks.”
Slamm sat behind his desk in the dark and lifted from a brown-paper sack a bottle of the cheap whiskey he used to drink.  What ol’ hairy Kensey had said had pointed his thoughts in the right direction.  He began to work on it and drink—sitting in the dark and forcing his mind to go where it was uncomfortable.
By the time he had drained a quarter of the bottle, he had figured out what was troubling him—why he was there in his old place drinking his old rotgut booze.  He was sitting there trying to make himself feel the way he felt before he had killed anybody—again.  It bothered him a lot.  Made his stomach hurt.  He was trying to recapture the feeling of independence he had before he had become obligated to Ace.  He didn’t want to be Ace’s friend, but he was.  He was trying to feel again what it was like not to be a fool for a woman.  It was better when they were fools for him.  He was trying to turn back time, and that can’t be done.  Once he realized what was eating him, the misery turned into cold resolution.  He would deal with it, and it would make him stronger, tougher.  Tougher than he used to be, and that was plenty tough as he recalled.  Still, one more hour in the old office wouldn’t hurt.  A few more drinks.
A shadow appeared on the frosted glass of the office door.  Slamm reached into his coat and released the safety on his Beretta.  The door opened.  The silhouette in the doorway was short, skinny, and big headed—Freddie.
“Step into the light, Freddie,” Slamm ordered.  “Keep your hands hanging at your sides.”
Freddie stepped into the streetlight coming through the window.  On him, the noir effect was not flattering.  He looked like Elisha Cook, Jr. in The Big Sleep.
“I can’t see you, Mr. Slamm.”
“Stay in the light, and sit down, Freddie,” Slamm said in monotone.  “How did you know I was here?”
“I was coming back from the movies.  I saw your car.”
“What do you want?”
“The cops gave me a really bad time, and I didn’t do it.  I didn’t put peanuts in the beans like you told them.”
“Sure you did.  Only you and Ann and her mother were in the kitchen.  Ann wouldn’t do it, and if she did, she’d do it smarter.”
“So would I.  I’m not as dumb as you think.”
“I’m beginning to realize that.  The cops let you go, huh?”
“Yeah, and Lieutenant Bricker is mad at you.  You put him to a lot of trouble for nothing, he said.  And now he thinks Ann did it.  She can go to jail, he said.”  Freddie suddenly shouted, “It’s your fault!”
“He’s lying.  She won’t go to jail.  She’s not going to be indicted twice for the same crime with no additional cause.  He wanted to trick you into confessing, thinking you were saving her.”  Slamm began to worry.  Something wasn’t right.  “They couldn’t make you confess?” he asked.
“Not right away.  They tried and tried and tried and tried,” he shouted and drooled, took a deep breath, and shouted again, “But I didn’t do it!  I wouldn’t say I did until Lieutenant Bricker said he was going to arrest Ann.  So I confessed.  I told them I did it.  I love Ann.  I love her so much I would die for her.  She let me make love to her.  I didn’t know how.  She showed me how.  It was sweet and soft and moist and…”
“Okay, okay, Freddie, I got the disturbing picture.  She walked you through it.”  Slamm leaned forward into the light.  “If you confessed, why aren’t you in jail?”
“They wanted me to confess, but when I did, they didn’t believe me.  They hooked me up to this lying machine…”
“Polygraph.”
“Yeah, what you said.  Then when they were done asking me stuff, they told me to get out.  They weren’t nice about it.  And he’s mad at you.”
Slamm leaned back out of the light.  “Freddie, I’m sorry.  I’m sorry about everything.  I was wrong.  I’ve caused you a lot of grief, and I’m sorry.”  
“Really, Mr. Slamm?”
“Yeah.”
“You really mean it?”
“Damn it, Freddie, yeah.  I feel rotten about it.”
“Okay then.  I’ll take that hundred bucks now.”

CHAPTER THIRTY-TWO

Slamm entered the crime lab through heavy glass doors that opened to a white marble foyer and a high, black marble desk.  The uniformed black woman behind the desk looked up from her computer with a pretty face but a suspicious expression.  “May I help you?” she asked begrudgingly.  She looked to be about twenty-five.
“I was told downtown that the coroner is here today.”
“And you are?”
Slamm showed his badge.  “Private Detective Jack Slamm.”
The officer glanced at the badge with disdain.  “We allow only actual law-enforcement personnel in here.  Unless you can show me some special permission, I can’t allow you to enter.”
Slamm put on his indignant face.  “I’ve cooperated with the police on more than one occasion to their benefit.  I think that should entitle me to some reciprocity.”
“Well, it doesn’t.  Cooperating with the police is a civic duty.”  She returned to what she was doing on the computer.  She looked up again when Slamm didn’t go away and, instead, leaned his elbows on her shiny, marble desk and brought their eyes closer together.
“Okay, I give up,” he sighed.  “You win.  But give me a break.  I really need to talk to the coroner.  I’m on a case that’s very important to me.  Is there anything you can do to help me?”
Her eyes widened as she gazed into Slamm’s smiling and pleading dark eyes.  “Well, I could issue you a pass, but I would need a good reason, and it would have to be related to criminal justice.”  Her tone remained official, but her eyes remained fixed on his the way one stares at an apparition.
“I’m trying to solve an old unsolved murder.”
“That’s what you say,” she said.  “But how do I know it’s true?”
Slamm pulled up the sleeve of his jacket and extended his arm resting it palm up on the top of the desk.
“What are you doing?” she demanded.
“Take your finger and feel my pulse.”
“I will not.”
“Go on,” he cajoled.  “It’s a way to tell if I’m lying or not.  You’ll learn something.”
“I’ve never heard of such a thing,” she said with an undertone of curiosity.
“Well, now you have.  Put your finger on my wrist and ask me a question.  I’ll answer with a lie, and you will feel my pulse stop for a second.”
“You’re kidding,” she said, but she glanced right and left to see if anyone was watching.  “You better not be making a fool of me.”  She lifted her hand and placed a finger on Slamm’s wrist.
“Do you feel my pulse?”
“Yes.”
“Okay.  Now ask me something and I’ll tell you a lie.”
“Ah…are you gay?”
“Yes, I’m gay.”
The young woman jerked her hand away.  “Oh, my God!  Your pulse stopped like you were dead.”
“Now, put your finger back and ask me if I’m on a murder case.”
The woman did so then asked, “Are you investigating a murder case?”
“Yes, I am investigating a murder case.”
“You’re pulse didn’t stop,” she confirmed.
“Okay, now keep your finger there and ask me if I would like to take you to dinner tonight?”
The woman smiled with perfect white teeth and turned her hand over palm up.  “You ask me.”
Slamm felt her wrist.  It was soft unlike her starched uniform.  “Would you like me to take you to dinner?”
“No.”
“Ha!  Your pulse stopped.  What time do you get off work?”
“Really?  It stopped.  That’s scary?”
“Yep.”
“Five o’clock.”
After laminating a card having a thumbnail photo of Slamm and his identity information, the pretty black woman with the perfect white teeth, attached it to the breast pocket of his jacket with an alligator clip.  She had stepped from behind her desk and stood extra close to do it.  “You won’t get me in trouble, will you?” she breathed.”
“Not on a first date,” he said.
“No, I meant…”  She stopped and smiled a coy smile and pointed him in the right direction.

Following her directions, Slamm found the door to the autopsy room on a subterranean level that lacked décor—concrete block instead of marble—and was ten degrees cooler.  The door was flat metal painted battleship gray.  Slamm knocked and waited and knocked again.  Finally the door creaked open, which Slamm felt was appropriate.
“Who are you, and what do you want?” growled a small, post-menopausal woman in a bespattered white smock and bespattered rubber gloves.
“Well, I don’t want to shake hands,” Slamm commented.
“Come on, Wise Guy, what is it?  I’m busy.”
“Are you the coroner?”
“Evidently, you didn’t vote for me.  Yes, I’m the coroner and the medical examiner, and they only pay me once.”
“Come this November, I’ll vote for you twice if you’ll talk to me.”
“What about?”
“Ann Skully.  I’m investigating the death of her husband.  He may have been murdered.”
“Really?”  The skinny woman looked Slamm up and down and checked his ID.  “Okay.  But promise me you won’t throw up.”  She stepped aside.
“You can’t show me anything I haven’t seen before,” Slamm boasted as he walked into a large room of intense lighting, stainless-steel everything, and a naked corpse.
“It’s not the view that gets them,” she said lowering her transparent facemask.  “It’s the smell.”
She was correct.  One breath and Slamm had to re-swallow his lunch.  The view was no help.  On a stainless-steel workbench with a drain, lay a body opened and emptied of all its removable parts.  The parts lay carefully arranged on an adjacent stainless-steel table, and Slamm, able to identify most of them, noticed that the parts were laid out in the same arrangement as they occurred in the body.  Each part was in a stainless-steel bowl not unlike the one in which Slamm would mix up his scrambled eggs.
“What happen to her?” Slamm had to ask.
“Him,” the coroner corrected pointing to the contents of one of the stainless-steel bowls.  “His lover discovered he was cheating.”
“How did she do it?”
“He stabbed him.”
“I’m batting zero here.”
“What about the Ann Skully situation?”  She went back to work, stepping behind her workbench, poking around, and removing a long, thin, pointed object.  “Here’s the other one.” She said holding the object up for Slamm to see.  “The other instrument of his demise, a knitting needle.”
“Did you do the autopsy on Ann Skully’s husband?”
“Yes.”
“And he actually died from eating peanuts?”
“Not necessarily.  He suffocated from acute anaphylactic shock by ingesting a peanut product.  That’s what I told the grand jury.”
“The news said it was peanuts.”
“When has the news ever got anything right?  They spin what they know or think they know into the best possible story.  It’s not news.  It’s entertainment.”
“What did you find?”
“In his stomach, I found baked beans, beer, lettuce, beer, tomato, beer, lots of onions, beer, maybe thousand island dressing, beer, and a peanut protein marker.  I don’t think it was actually peanuts because the guy didn’t chew his food well, and I found no peanut particles.  It could have been peanut butter or peanut oil or peanut something else.”
“Peanut oil or peanut butter.  I’ll be damned.”  Slamm took a moment to ponder the revelation.  “Now, I’m no cook, and right now I don’t even want to think about cooking.  But I don’t believe peanut oil or peanut butter is added to any of those foods you mentioned.”
“I do cook, and I agree.  Well, salad maybe, but not me.”
“If it were oil, do you think the oil was in the beans?”
“No telling.  Everything was all slopped together, of course.  In fact, I wouldn’t have tested for a peanut substance had I not known that the guy had a severe allergy. He wore a metal from his neck.  Everything else was identifiable by appearances.  Like I said, the guy gulped his food down like a lizard.”
“Can I ask you another question just out of curiosity, Doc?”
“Shoot.”
“If this guy on the table was stabbed with knitting needles, why did you have to take him all apart?”
“His boyfriend’s defense is that he had died of natural causes, and that he, the boyfriend, stabbed his body in a catatonic fit of grief.”
“The boyfriend needs a better lawyer.”
“Maybe not.  This man was in terrible health.  Every organ was compromised.  Look at this thing,” she said pointing the gory knitting needle at the contents in one of the steel bowls.
Slamm walked around the workbench and peered down into the bowl.  “It looks like a dirty sponge."
“That’s his liver.  That’s what too much whiskey will do to you.”
“Really?”  Slamm murmured and rubbed his belly.
The doctor noticed.  “You a drinking man, Slamm?”
Slamm bypassed an answer.  Instead, he said, “Thank you, Doctor.  I sure appreciate your time.”
“Yeah?  Okay, don’t forget to vote for me.  My opponent is a fraud.  He doesn’t know a myometrium from a decidua basalis.”
“Dumb ass,” Slamm said.
 
Her name was Leona, the girl at the desk.  Slamm took her to dinner at The Top Flight Restaurant and Bar.  She ordered chicken.  He ordered the vegetarian dish and didn’t eat it.  In the bar, she had a Shirley Temple.  He had a Coke.  They danced.  He confessed that the pulse-stopping routine was a trick preformed by pressing his upper arm against his underarm gun, pinching his brachial artery.  The revelation did not set well with her.  When he drove her back to her car, he tried to kiss her.  She pushed him away.  He really wanted to kiss her plump lips.  He had had women of all shades and traditions all over the World but never an American black woman.  He tried again.  She slapped his face.  And that was the end of that.

CHAPTER THIRTY-THREE

Steve was back from his trip.  He looked better than he had before.  He was no longer haggard.  He wore a new suit, and his goatee was once again jet black.  He sat on the visitor’s chair and beamed the felicitous smile of success as Slamm entered his office carrying a paper bag.
“You got the goods,” Slamm greeted.
“Yep.  Piece of cake.”  He handed over a manila envelope.  “The little girl lives with a middle-aged couple.  He has a six-digit income.  She, the wife, had a hysterectomy years before.  No other kids.  They couldn’t adopt because he stole a forty thousand-dollar car when he was twenty-two and stupid, took it for a joy ride, and wrecked it, injuring his passenger.  Did some serious time.  They love the kid.  They call her Princess.  She’s spoiled rotten.”
“Sounds great.  Good job, Steve.”  Slamm sat behind his desk and opened the envelope.  “It seems like my life revolves around yellow envelopes,” he said mostly to himself as he shook out a dozen or so five by sevens.
“I managed to hide my long-lens camera from the IRS.”
“They really didn’t take your gun, did they?”
“Yes, they did.  It was a Kimbery SIS Ultra.  Set me back thirteen hundred bucks.”
“That’s a shame.  It’s a wonder they didn’t take the gold out of your teeth.”  Slamm spread the photographs out across his desk.
“They would have if I had any.  My fillings are the old, poisonous mercury kind.”
Slamm glanced at each photograph in turn and laughed.  “She’s cute.  She’s more than cute.  She’s a beautiful little girl.”
“Why is that funny?”
“You should see her natural father.  He makes Quasimodo look like Robert Taylor.”
“Robert who?”
“Robert Taylor, Vivien Leigh, Waterloo Bridge,” Slamm insisted with a touch of irritation.  It was a great movie.
“What?”
“Never mind.  Have a drink.  And take the rest of the day off.  You earned it.”  Slamm lifted a bottle out of the paper bag and poured two drinks of a red liquid.
Steve picked up the glass meant for him.  “What is this—a Bloody Mary?”
“V-Eight juice.  Good for you.  Won’t hurt your liver.”
After a sip, Steve left.  Ann came in.  “You wanted to see me, Handsome?”
“Yeah.  Sit down.”
“Oooh, all business.”  She sat.
Slamm took a breath and said, “I was wrong about Freddie.  He didn’t do it.  For his sake, I want you to know that.”
“So, I’m back to being a suspect.”
“Not as far as I’m concerned.”
“You’ve been wrong before.”  She smiled weakly.  It was a dumb thing to say at that time.
Slamm changed the subject.  “Come on around the desk and check out these pictures that Steve took of Ace’s kid.  You’re going to be surprised.”
She came around and stood next to Slamm, placing a hand on his shoulder as she leaned over the desk.  “That’s Ace’s little girl?”  She was astonished.
“Unbelievable, isn’t it?”
“She’s precious.  She is golden—her hair, her skin.  What wonderful, big, expressive, blue eyes.”  Ann pointed at one of the prints.  “In this close up, she’s looking directly into the camera.  How did Steve get that shot?”
“With a telephoto lens,” Slamm said then mused for a moment.  “Her expression is so intensively introspective.  Makes you wonder what she’s thinking.  The mystery of a young child’s tabula rasa.”
“What the hell does all of that mean?”
“The pure thoughts of a small child before her mind is influence by life’s experiences.”
Ann shook her head.  “Slamm, you never cease to amaze me.  Just when I think I have you almost figured out, you knock me back to square one.”
Slamm smiled to himself remembering the advice he had given Freddie concerning women.
Ann said, “It’s a shame that Ace can never see her or even know about her.”
“Yeah, it is.”
“Oh, by the way,” Ann announced, “Otto called.  He wants to talk to you.  He sounded upset.

The annoying buzzer sounded over Slamm’s head as he entered Otto’s shop and found him waiting nervously behind the counter.  The shattered glass had been replaced.  It was early evening.
Otto rushed past Slamm, locked the door behind him, and then flipped the OPEN sign over to CLOSED.  He paused at the door.  “What happened to those papers you took from me?” Otto pleaded.  “Tell me you destroyed them.”
“No, I have them put away.”
“Oh, for God’s sake, why?”
Slamm lit up a raggedy Spaghetti-Western type cigar.  “My turn.  What do you want, Otto?”  He blew out the match.  “I’m a busy man.”
“You’ve got to destroy them right now.”  Otto walked behind the counter and sat down on his high stool.  “Please,” he choked.
Slamm stayed in the middle of the room where he could keep an eye on the handgun display.  “Something has changed.  What happened?”
“Damn right, something changed.  That crazy kid you brought in here came back today.”
Slamm removed the cigar from his mouth.  “Oh, oh.”
“He offered me a hundred dollars for anything else I might have in my safe that Ann would like to have.”
Slamm shook his head with both exasperation and amusement.  “That love-sick lunatic just won’t give up.”  Slamm reinserted the cigar and puffed out a cloud of smoke.  “Well, so what?”
“I’ll tell you what,” Otto shrilled.  “Ace was in here at the time.”
“Double oh, oh.”
“He heard what the kid said, and he started asking him questions, and the stupid kid started answering them.  Ace now knows that I had the envelope in my safe.  He now knows that it’s the same envelope that he’s seen you carrying around.  Ace now knows that whatever is in the envelope concerns him because that stupid, stupid kid told him that nobody wants him to know what’s in the damn thing.”
“Ah, nuts!”  Slamm threw down his cigar and stomped it out.  “Well, you’re still alive, so how did you talk yourself out of that one?”
“I told him yes, I kept the envelope in my safe for Ann, but I have no idea what was in it or that it had anything to do with him.”  Otto wobbled on his high stool and gripped his shirt over his heart.
“Ace must have believed you.  Like I said, you’re still alive.”
“He had serious doubts.  I could see it in his fierce eyes.”
“What the hell was Ace doing in here anyway?”
“Trading in his guns for new ones.  After he’s done a job, he gets rid of the gun he used.  This time he must have used two guns.”  Otto removed his thick eyeglasses and wiped his watery eyes.  “Destroy the papers, Slamm.  I beg you.  I’ll pay you.” 
“I can’t, Otto.  I would if I could, but I can’t.”  Slamm surprised himself.  He felt sorry for Otto, who was cringing so pitifully it was hard for Slamm to look at him.  A man should suffer with dignity even though he’s a son-of-a-bitch.  “My holding onto the papers is the only way to keep Molly and Ron from turning me over to the cops.”
Now Otto was surprised.  “Those two creeps got something on you?”
“Yeah, big time.  I could stand trial for murder.”
“Good God,” Otto lamented.  “We’re all up against the wall.”  Otto replaced his fishbowl glasses onto his large nose, and then stared into the distance for a moment.  “But maybe we can help each other.”
“How so?”
Otto stood up and began wringing his hands as he paced behind the counter.  He stopped.  “Molly and Ron must have some kind of physical evidence they can use against you.  Nobody would believe anything those two criminals had to say.  Not even Ace.  Everything out of their mouths is a lie.  What do they have, Slamm?  You can tell me.  We’re in this together.”
“A movie of me at the scene of a shooting.”
“The Poke County thing?”
“Yeah.”
“You’re the Lone Ranger.”
Slamm sighed.  “Yeah, yeah.  Damn it.”
“I hope the movie is not on film.”
“No.  Memory card.”
“An SD card,” Otto specified.  “That’s good.  That’s very good.”  Otto began to regain some color in his face.  “How do you know they actually have the card?”
“They showed me a couple of still prints from it.”
“That’s good too.  Do you still have the prints?”
“Yeah.  They left them for me to worry over.”
“Odds are that those are the only prints.  Why make more prints when they have the movie?”
“How is all of this good?”
“They’ve downloaded the movie into a computer to make the prints.  They must have used Ace’s computer.  They don’t have anything of their own.  The card is probably still in the computer—hopefully.”
“Do you know how to get into Ace’s computer?”
“No, no.  That stuff is way over my head.  But my seventeen year old son can do it.  He once hacked into the Pentagon just to see if he could.”
“Okay, let’s go see him,” Slamm said.  “Where do you live?”
“No, that’s not going to happen,” Otto said having returned to form.  “I don’t want you in my house.  We’ll come see you.”

CHAPTER THIRTY-FOUR

Slamm felt lucky when he found a space to park directly in front of his apartment building.  It was after dark, it had been a long day, and he was tired.  He climbed out of his car and into a strange fog.  The air was clear from street level up to eyelevel.  From eyelevel up, there was fog with an underside that looked flat and smooth.  Slamm had seen such a layered fog in the countryside, but never in the city.  It was spooky.
It became even spookier when he discovered a headless man standing in the doorway blocking his way into the building.  The missing head of the man faded in gradually as Slamm approached.  It was Hank, the dirty cop who liked to punch kidneys.  His nose looked much better than it had before Slamm smashed it.  “Round two?” Slamm asked coming to a stop a punch length away.
“Nah, I can’t afford another nose job.  I want to talk.”
“Okay.”
“Not here, Slamminsky.  Let’s go for a ride.”
“I don’t want to lose my parking space.”
“My car.”
Slamm still felt lucky, and curious. “You going to bring me back?”
“Sure.”
They didn’t go far.  Bill’s Bar was only six blocks away and down below street level and under a crumbing, redbrick building.  Broken concrete steps descended to a damp landing and a heavy, green door.  There was the stench of stale beer and urine even before the green door was pulled open.  Hank stepped in behind Slamm who was beginning to regret his curiosity.
The interior was long and narrow with only enough room for the bar and a single booth at the far end.  Country-Western music played from a coin-operated juke box.  Slamm hadn’t seen another like it for many years.  The smoke was as thick as the layer of fog outside, and the smoke and the dim lighting made Slamm’s tired eyes burn.  Every man at the bar, seven of them, turned his head to watch Slamm walk down the length of the bar to the booth where he and Hank slid in onto padded seats patched with duct tape.  Hank held up two fingers, and the bald, pear-shaped bartender dropped his rag, shook the ice off two bottles of beer, popped the caps, and headed towards the booth without losing the long ash from the cigarette dangling from his lip.
“Why here?” Slamm asked.  He didn’t touch the beer in front of him.
“See all those mean-looking guys at the bar?”  Hank pointed down the row.  “They’re all my friends.  Dockworkers and bikers.”
“Okay, I’m the one in the lion’s den, so stop worrying.”
“I’m not worried, Slamminsky—not here.  I had to go see a cosmetic surgeon to have my nose straightened.  The insurance paid to have it fixed but wouldn’t pay to have it prettied up, and I’m not taking any chances.”
“I don’t blame you.  That’s a nice looking nose.  Better looking than that potato you had before.”  Slamm glanced at his watch.  “What do you want to talk about, West?”
“You went to the trouble to learn my last name.  I’m flattered.”
“Come on, damn it!”
“Okay, okay, don’t have a hairball.”  Hank West gulped a swig of beer.  “Bricker is a friend of yours, right?”  Slamm nodded.  “So is Ace Hecht, right?”
“Yeah, yeah.”  Slamm swirled his hand with impatience.
“For the last eighteen months, Bricker has had me stakeout Hecht, and not do much of anything else.  From eight in the evening until four in the morning, I’m tucked away in the shadows staring at wherever Hecht happens to be at the time—Tubb’s bar and his hotel.  Sometimes I’m with the rookie, but most of the time I’m alone.  It sucks.  It’s boring me out of my fucking mind, and I’m not seeing any action—no chance for a promotion.”
Slamm was now interested.  “Bricker is that obsessed with nailing Hecht?”
“Twenty-four seven, now that he’s got it in his mind that Hecht is vulnerable, as he put it.  Now I’ll tell you something else, Slamminsky.  The rookie and I were parked between two buildings in Industrial Alley when Hecht put his gun to the back of your head.  I called it in to Bricker car to car.  He told me to wait and observe.  He was willing to let it happen.  That’s how determined he is to put Hecht away.  And now I know he means to kill him.”
Slamm felt that knot in his gut again, and it didn’t help his sudden indigestion.  “He didn’t know it was me.”
“No, but he thought somebody was going to take a bullet in the brain.”  Hank sucked on his bottle while allowing Slamm time to digest the revelation.  “Bricker then had me pull you over to find out who you were and what you had to do with Hecht.  The darting cat made it easy.  When I ran your plates and found out it was you, I wanted a crack at you anyway.”
“Where were you last Friday?” Slamm asked with the card game in mind and the knot in his gut getting tighter.
“Friday is my night off.”  Hank paused and gave Slamm a sideways look.  “Was Ace involved in that factory massacre?”
“How would I know?”
Hank shrugged.  “Ahh, who cares?  They were all murderers and had it coming anyway.”
“So why are you telling me all of this?”
Hank smiled.  “Two good things can come out of the situation.  Bricker’s antics may get him fired or maybe indicted or maybe killed by Ace Hecht.  Or Hecht may finally go down.  Either way, I’ll be through wasting my time and career sitting in alleys waiting for Hecht to incriminate himself, which never happens when anyone is around.  He’s very good at what he does.”
Slamm glanced at the seven large men at the bar and the distance to the green door.  He decided not to punch Hank.  Besides, Hank’s nose job was a work of art.  It would be a shame to flatten it again.  Instead, Slamm said, “Again, why are you telling me this?”
“Think about it, Slamminsky.  Bricker and Hecht are both your good friends.  I’ve just put you in the position where you have to choose which of your two good friends you’re going to betray.  Are you going to tip off Hecht, which will most likely make Bricker vanish for good?  Or will you just stand by while Bricker searches for a way to kill Hecht?”
“You could notify your chief about what Bricker is up to.  That would put a stop to it.”
“Nah, I’d rather do it this way.  It’s my way of saying thanks for the nose job.”
“I’ll notify the Chief, Dumbass.”
“And I’ll deny everything, Shithead.  Who do you think he’ll believe?  One of his cops, or a shamus who has a reputation for bending the law?”  Hank leaned back smiling.  “What’s the matter, Slamminsky?  You’re not drinking your beer.  You think it’s poison?”
“Yeah, you paid for it.”  Slamm walked home.

Slamm entered his office at one in the afternoon.  He had a headache and a queasy stomach, and Ann was emanating more sweet perfume than a rose garden in June, which didn’t help.  Even her delightful, swaying hip movement made him burp.  He felt seasick.
“You’re back already?” she said after leaving her desk and giving him a hug.  Very unprofessional but nice.  “I thought you would be gone for the day.”
“The guy with the bad back made it easy.  I took videos of him climbing a two-story ladder with fifty pounds of shingles on his shoulder.”
“You want me to call the insurance company and inform them, or would you rather do it yourself?”
“No, go ahead and call them and set up a date.  I don’t feel like talking to the agent.  I have to explain everything to him six times over.  Then he tried to sell me insurance.  He’s a total jerk.”
“Thanks.”  Ann returned to her desk.  “Oh, by the way.  Otto called.  He asked to come here.  What the hell does he want?”
“That’s good.  Yeah, call him first.  I’ll be waiting.  And I’ll explain later.”

CHAPTER THIRTY-FIVE

Otto and his son arrived as Slamm was gagging down a bubbling glass of seltzer.  The kid was tall and straight with a head piled high with black, curly hair, unlike his short, stooped, bald father; but he had his dad’s big nose.  He was carrying his own laptop and a few other things with dangling wires ending in odd-shaped plugs.
“Where do we set up?” Otto began without ceremony.
“On my desk.”  Slamm stood up.  “The kid can have my seat.”
“His name is Artie,” Otto grumbled.
“Hey, Artie.”
Artie didn’t reply.  Instead, he flopped down in Slamm’s chair and didn’t look happy.  “You shouldn’t make me do this, Dad,” he complained, but he opened the laptop anyway.  “Why do you hang around with these criminals all the time?”
“He’s not a criminal.  He’s a private detective.  So shut up.”
“That’s not what you told me.  You said he was a thug.”
Otto, expecting a retaliation, glanced at Slamm, but Slamm only smiled the smile of one above the fray.  This irritated Otto more than if he had retaliated.
“Artie, this is a very important thing we’re asking you to do,” Slamm said.  Otto frowned at Slamm and shook his head.  He didn’t want his son to worry, or ask questions, or tell his mother.
“Yeah, I’ll bet.”  Artie slid his computer onto Slamm’s shiny, expensive desk, and Slamm cringed.  “I know you just want me to do something illegal so you can make more money.”
“My son has a mouth,” Otto said.
“And guts,” Slamm added.
Encouraged by Slamm remarked, Artie pushed the computer away across the shiny desk top.  “I won’t do it.”
“Great, Slamm,” Otto growled. 
Slamm said, “Artie, all we want you to do is break into a criminal’s computer and delete some bad stuff.”
“And you think that’s not illegal?” Artie almost shouted.  “Dad, I want you to stop doing business with criminals like this guy.  Mom and I want you to start going to Temple with us, and stay away from these guys.”
Otto turned livid.  “You get on that computer right now, or I’m going to slap the living shit out of you.”
“No!”
Ann opened the door and walked in.  The door had opened without making the usual click, and Slamm realized the door had been ajar and Ann had been listening.  As she sashayed beautifully across the room, she said, “Nobody introduced me to this handsome young man.”
Artie’s dark eyes opened up like steamed clams.  Slamm played along.  “This is Otto’s son Artie.  Artie, this is my secretary, Ann.  Artie is a wiz on the computer, Ann.”
“He is!” she astounded. 
“That’s what his dad says.”
“Hi, Artie,” she cooed with a Marilyn Monroe modulation.  “What are you doing?”  She came around to Artie’s side of the desk.  “That looks like an expensive laptop.”  She leaned over Artie’s shoulder.
Artie’s Adam’s apple jumped in his long, skinny neck.  “Yeah, it is.  I had to save my money for a long time to buy it.”
“Really?  I admire a man who can save his money.  How do you do it?”
“Just, just takes willpower,” Artie stammered.
Ann leaned in closer for a closer look, brushing her perfumed hair against his cheek.  “I have no willpower,” she confessed softly.
Slamm and Otto sat down in silence to watch Ann work her magic.
“I don’t want to break into somebody’s confidential files for illegal purposes,” Artie asserted.
“I don’t blame you.”  Ann turned her head so as to gaze directly into Artie’s unblinking eyes.  “A man should stand by his principles.”
“Dad should start going to Temple with Mom and me,” he said.
“Yes, he should.”  She held her face only a breath away from his.  “But you know, Artie, sometimes there is no right choice, and you have to choose between the lesser of two evils.  If the file in the other computer isn’t deleted, your dad and Mr. Slamm will be in trouble.  You need to trust them.”
“I’m sorry to say this, Ma’am—especially about my own father—but I don’t trust him or anybody he’s associated with.  My dad is a crook, and I know it.”  Artie looked like he was fighting tears.
“Will you trust me?”  She touched his hand.  “I could never deceive a top-notch guy like you.  I couldn’t live with myself if I did.  And call me Ann.  We’re almost the same age.”
Slamm counted on his fingers.  Nine years—same age?
As Artie considered, Ann continued to pat his hand reassuringly and softly.  Slamm could imagine how light and cool her touch would be.  Artie crumbled.  “Well, okay.  I trust you…Ann.”
She kissed his cheek.  “Thank you, Artie,” she said.  “Now show me how you do this.  I’m impressed.”
It took Artie a second to recover from Ann’s kiss, and then he began, his long fingers dancing across the keyboard.  “I have Mr. Hecht’s e-mail address, so I start with that.”  More finger tap dancing.  “I’ll now install some access software I paid a lot for.  It will take a minute to download.”  As the download took place, Artie paused to look at Ann breathtaking visage still just a breath away.  His Adam’s apple responded.  The computer made a final wiz-click sound, and Artie went back to work.  Slamm and Otto came around the desk to watch.  “I hope Mr. Hecht’s computer is on, or we’ll have to wait.”
Ann leaned on Artie by slipping her silky arm around his shoulders.  Artie was now a man of action and in charge with a beautiful woman leaning on him.  “It’s on,” he announced.  “I need a password.  This will take a while.  Anybody got an idea?”
“Try mom,” Slamm said.
Artie punched it in and reared back startled.  “That’s it!  We’re in!  I’ll be doggone.  Got in on a first try.”
“You are so clever,” Ann said, and Artie beamed.
Slamm said, “Can you see what’s going on, on the other end?”
“Sure,” Artie said confidently.  His fingers did another dance.  Pornography filled the screen.
“Ron,” Slamm said.  “Ace is a decent man.”  Slamm was bemused by what he heard himself say.  How did he come to that conclusion? 
“Minimize it,” Otto ordered.
“I know.  I know.” Artie did so, and said, “Sorry, Ann.”
She patted his shoulder.  “It’s okay, Sweetie.”
“Are you searching for the movie file?”  Otto was typically impatient.
“Yes,” Artie assented wearily.  “It’s not in pictures.  Here it is.  It’s in documents.  I’m going to run it.”
The scene begins with Slamm standing next to a man who is holding a gun to Slamm head.  Slamm’s steadfast courage is evident as he is threatened at the point of a gun and at the point of a knife.  His glib responses to terrifying threats are astounding.  The scene ends with Slamm lunging at the fat man in the chair and being knocked to his knees and dragged out the door.  The screen goes black with the closing of the door.
Ann, Otto, and Artie turned away from the screen to stare wide-eyed at Slamm who had stepped aside and was at the window looking down at the street below.  Artie said, “You’re a hero, Mr. Slamm.  You’re no thug.”  Artie scowled at his father.  “He’s no thug.  Why did you say he was a thug?  He was trying to save that little girl.”
“He did save that little girl,” Otto conceded reluctantly.  “Delete it.  Hurry before Ron shuts the computer down.”
“I want to download it and save it.”
“No!  Delete it.  And delete the card it’s on too.  Hurry.”
“Mr. Slamm?” Artie pleaded.
“Delete it, please, Artie.”
“Ah, shoot.”  Artie’s big, spider-like hands zipped across the keys.  “All gone,” he bemoaned.
“Thanks, Artie.”  Slamm sat in one of the visitor’s chairs.  Sweat glistened above his upper lip.  “Thanks a million.”
Otto came back around the desk and stood over Slamm.  “Now it’s your turn, Slamm.  Go get those damn papers out of your locker and burn them.”
Slamm slid his sleeve off his wrist to check the time.  “Damn it. The spa closed fifteen minutes ago.  It’s closed tomorrow, Sunday.  I will have to wait until Monday, but I’ll burn them first thing Monday morning.  You got my word on it.”
“That great,” Otto said ironically.  “The Christians take a day off, and I sweat blood for another day.” 

CHAPTER THIRTY-SIX

Ace wasn’t at Tubb’s, and he wasn’t home.  He was in the park feeding the pigeons.  The pigeons, at least, weren’t afraid of him.  They pecked at the crumbs that fell onto his shoes.  They ate out of his hand as he sat on a stone bench.  Slamm watched this from a distance before approaching.  Ace looked up at Slamm and didn’t seem surprised to see him.
“Slamm,” he greeted with his crooked smile.  And it occurred to Slamm that he had never seen Ace surprised by anything.  He was beyond surprising.
“Taking a day off?” Slamm asked as he joined him on the bench.  The air was cold, and the bench seemed colder, but it felt good on his butt.  His guts were hurting and a cold butt somehow helped a little.
Ace chuckled.  “Yeah, no hits for today, but I’ve been given another assignment from the Group.  It’s a woman this time.  I don’t like that.  I’ve never made a woman disappear.”
“That’s understandable.  We men just instinctively protect their soft bodies.  It’s our nature,” Slamm philosophized.
“Yeah?  What about the guys who beat their woman up?”
“They’re not men.”  Slamm sprinkled a handful of crumbs about.  The birds pecked at his crumbs too but at a distance.  “You do this a lot? The birds trust you.”
“Yeah, when I got something to think over.  The woman that the Group has in mind murdered her little girl and got away with it.  Still it bothers me.”
“Don’t tell me anything more.  If I know more, I might try to stop you.”
Ace chuckled again.  “Like you could.”  A moment passed, and Ace added, “I take that back.  If anyone could stop me, it would be Jack Slamm.  Imagine it: Jack Slamm versus Ace Hecht.  It would be an epic battle, like Achilles and Hector.”
“Which one am I?”
“Hector, of course.”
“You going to drag my body around behind a stolen car?”
Ace laughed.
The two men were silent while a young couple, hand-in-hand, walked by following the paved path into a wooded area.  Slamm said, “I want you to promise me something, Ace.”
“Sure,” Ace said without hesitation.
“I’m going to tell you something, and I don’t want you to act on it.”
“Okay.”
“You know a cop named Bricker, don’t you?”
“Oh, yeah.  He can’t take a joke.”
It was Slamm’s turn to chuckle.  “Boy, is that an understatement.  He’s out to get you—in a big way.”
“Yeah, I know that too.”
“You know, and he’s still alive?”
“Sure, it’s fun watching him try.  It amuses me.”
“It doesn’t amuse him.  I’ve been told that he hopes to kill you if he can find a way.  According to my source, he’s obsessed with the notion.”
Ace looked up from his pigeon feeding.  “No kidding?  I knew the guy was a sourpuss, but I didn’t know he was a homicidal sourpuss.”  Ace shrugged.  “I have a little more respect for him now.”
“And you’re not going to do anything about it?”
“You have my word.  I’ll let the son-of-a-bitch live because you want me to.”
Slamm shook his head with wonder.  “Thanks, Ace.”
“Hey, we’re pals, right?”

Slamm drove back to his office at closing time as the business lights were going out and the streetlights were coming on.  On the way, he felt a sudden, grinding pain just above his belt line.  By the time he had parked in front of his building, the pain had him doubled over and sweating like a molested toad.  He hunched out of his Ford and vomited in the gutter.  At first, he was shocked by the blood-red color of his puke; then he remembered the V-8 juice.
Ann, behind her desk, looked up from her Cosmopolitan magazine and was also shocked.  “Oh, dear God, Slamm, you look terrible.  What’s the matter with you?”
“I’m sick.  I feel terrible.”  He let the door swing close behind him.  “I feel like I’m being kicked in the gut by Bruce Lee’s ghost.  I bet I picked up some bug at that autopsy place.  I shouldn’t have touched anything.”
Ann tossed her magazine to one side and hurried over to where Slamm leaned against the door.  She placed her hand on his brow.  “You’re hot.”
“I feel cold.  I’m shivering like an Arab in the arctic.”
“You poor baby,” Ann cooed as she wiped Slamm’s sweat off her hand onto his jacket.  “You’re coming home with me and rest.  You’ve been working so hard—night and day.”
“Nah, I’m going home.  I’ll be okay.  I just need a drink.  To hell with my liver.”
“No!  You’re not going to be sick all alone in that rattrap you call an apartment.  You’re coming home with me.”
Slamm was shoved, stumbling to one side, as Steve pushed his way into the office by forcing the door open.
What the hell is going on?” he bantered.  “I work here too.”  Steve’s grin dropped when he took a good look at Slamm.  “Good golly.  Who poisoned you?”
Ann frowned.  “He’s sick.  Probably some bug that’s going around.  A lot of people are getting sick according to the news.”
“You didn’t eat any of her peanuts, did you, Slamm?”
Slamm laughed.  Ann didn’t.  Slamm said, “Don’t make me laugh, Steve.  I’ll throw up.”
“When you do,” Ann growled, “throw up on him.”
“Anyway,” Steve toned prosaically, “I wrapped up the Freeman case today.”
“That’s great, Steve,” Slamm grunted, holding his belly with both arms.  “You’re a good man.”
“Glad you think so.  I need a favor.”
“Sure.”
“It looks like you’re not going to be needing your car for a while.  Can I borrow it?  My tags have expired as of yesterday.  And, of course, the BMV is closed until Monday.”
“Happy birthday, Steve,” Slamm said and tossed the keys.  Steve showed off by catching them behind his back.

Slamm was happy to see the changes Ann had made to her apartment.  Her mother’s gloomy purple and violet décor were gone, replaced by Ann’s warm pink and beige.  Again, everything around Ann was soft, and, again, so was Ann in her fuzzy, pink robe.
Slamm came out of Ann’s bathroom for the tenth time in an hour wiping his mouth.  “I’m sorry, Ann.  I should have gone to my place.  I’ll keep you up all night with my running to the thunder bucket every five minutes for one reason or another.”
“If you weren’t here, I’d be up all night worrying about you anyway.”  She fell across the pink counterpane on her bed.  “Come on, Slamm, lie down beside me.  Take your shoes off.  Take your pants off.  Be comfortable.”
Slamm stood swaying next to the bed as he considered her suggestion.  “Oh well, what the hell,” he said, kicked off his shoes and stripped down to his shorts.  “The bed looks better than the couch.”  He lay down exhaling a lingering sigh.  “I’ve stopped sweating.  Am I still hot?”
 Ann slid her cool hand up over his abdomen and onto his chest.  “Yes, you’re burning up.  It’s like sliding my hand over a pile of hot rocks.  How do you stay so lean and hard?”
“No sugar.  Sugar is the enemy.  Except for stick doughnuts.  They’re okay.”
She ran her hand down to his flank.  “Is that where mother shot you?”  She leaned in for a closer look.
“Yeah.”
“It’s no bigger than a pencil hole.”
“It felt as big as a fence post.”
“She didn’t love you.  Your relationship was always conditional.”  Slamm didn’t reply.  “Did you really love her?”
“Yeah, I guess.”
“You guess?”
Late twilight glowed mauve through the window enveloping Ann’s beauty in a defused aurora that made Slamm suppose he was being interviewed by a celestial being.  Or maybe it was just the fever.
“Gail was like a prize.  Something to be won.  Something to long for.  She was a sailor’s dream.  I wanted her like an actor wants an Academy Award.  Is that love?  I thought so.  Now I’m not sure.”
“I love you, Slamm,” Ann whispered as she laid her head on his shoulder.”
“I believe you.  I don’t think Gail would bring me home sick and disgusting.”
“Do you love me?”  Her whisper was almost inaudible.
“I’ve given the matter some thought.”
“How nice of you,” she mocked.
“Gail gave me butterflies.  But I know that if you and Gail were overboard in the Indian Ocean, and the sharks were closing in, I’d pull you into the boat first.  Is that love?”
“But no butterflies?”  Ann rubbed his washboard belly.
“I’m feeling something right now, but I can’t tell if it’s butterflies or gas.”
“I hate you,” she hissed.
“Okay, now you’re back in character.”

Slamm woke up with a tongue covered with lint and a headache that could derail a speeding train.  He found Ann in the kitchen cooking corn fritters in a deep fryer.  She wore an apron protecting a black, gossamer camisole.  Slamm thought it fortunate that he still felt sick.  Ravishing one’s employee is not good business protocol.
“Nothing for me,” he groaned.  “Maybe a little coffee.”
“Try a fritter, Fellow.  It might settle your stomach.”
“Or it might get projected across the room,” he said, but he sat at the table.  “Well, maybe just one.”
Ann smiled.  She was wearing no makeup letting all of her beauty show through.  She caught him gawking at her.  “I didn’t put my face on for you.  I didn’t know when you would be up.”
“Don’t.  You can’t improve perfection.”  Slamm forced down a fritter, it stayed down, so he forced down a dozen more.”
“Feeling better?” she asked from across the table.
“Yeah.  Thanks for everything, Ann.”
“Anytime, Handsome.”
“What time is it?”
“Ten o’clock.”
“We’re late for work.  Oh, well.  We’ll go after the lunch hour.”
“Slamm, it’s ten at night, not morning.  You slept for fourteen hours.”
“You’re not kidding me are you?”
“No.  Look out the window.  I went to work, answered the phone, made appointments, and came home to find you still hibernating.  I’m ready for bed.  Want to join me?”
“Oh, oh.”
“What’s the matter?  Is the thought of sleeping with me that frightening?”
“Yes, but that’s not why I oh, oh-ed.  Remember?  I promised Otto that I would get the envelope out of my locker today and destroy it.”
“You were sick.  Can’t it wait until tomorrow?”
“Yeah, but I hate to renege on a promise.  Especially to a man who is so nervous he makes Don Knotts seem nonchalant.  Ace now knows that Otto was hiding the envelope in his safe.”
“Oh, my, how did that happen?” Ann asked as she winged her arms and used her thumbs to lift her long hair off her white shoulders.  The performance was distraction.
“Ah, what was that?” he asked.
“How did Ace discover that Otto had the papers?”
“Your buddy, Freddie, told him.  Freddie was in Otto’s shop asking Otto if there were anything else in the safe that he could use to get you in the sack—again.  Ace was in the shop at the same time trading in his bloody guns for fresh ones.”
“That nut case!” Ann railed.  “I’m going to kill him.”
“Yeah?  Got any more peanu..?”
Ann interrupted by jabbing a sharp finger at Slamm’s face.  “Don’t say it, Slamm!  It’s getting real old, and it wasn’t funny the first time.”  Slamm raised his hands in surrender.  Ann drew in a calming breath and said, “That reminds me.  Freddie came to the office today.  I come out of the lady’s room, and there he is—nosing around my desk.”
“What did he have to say?  Anything coherent?”
“Nothing except he wanted to see me.”
“Crazy Freddie is on the move, and I don’t like it.”
“You don’t like it?  He stood there slobbering, looking me up and down and making my skin crawl.  I can’t believe I let him touch me.”
“It’s not a pretty picture.  But, if it’s any consolation, he truly is in love with you.  He would die for you, Ann—really.”
“Okay, that sweetens it up a bit, but I still hate myself.”
“Off the subject a bit: Did Steve return my car keys today?”
“Yeah.  Hold on, they’re in my purse.”  Ann draped her apron over the back of her chair and walked into the living room.  She came back into the kitchen jingling the keys and moving her body inside her camisole with undulating, belly-dancing grace just like her mother would do.  Slamm concluded it was a family trait like having twelve toes.
“Ann, please put your robe on,” Slamm begged.  “My system can’t take any more stress.”
“Men—you’re all just animals.”  She tossed the keys.
Slamm caught the keys.  “Would you want us any other way?”
Ann shrugged and headed for the bedroom.  When she returned snuggled in her pink, fuzzy robe, she found Slamm a little frantic as he was flipping through his ring of keys.
“Ann, the key to my locker is missing.”  He was close to shouting.
Oh, my God!”
“Did Steve return the keys before Freddie arrived?”
“Yes, and they were lying on my desk when I came out of the ladies room.  I’m sorry.”
Slamm waved her sorry away.  “Not your fault.  You couldn’t have known that Freddie would drop in.”
Ann sat down.  “How could Freddie know about the locker?”
“Maybe he’s been watching me.  Nah, I would have spotted him.”  Slamm rubbed his temples.  “Maybe he recognized the key for what it is.  It’s engraved with the name of the spa and the locker number.”
“What are you going to do?”
“I’m going to pay Freddie a visit.”
“He lives with his overprotective mother.  She’ll call the cops on you.”
“What time does he get off work?”
“The restaurant closed at nine, but if you hurry, you can catch him cleaning up the place.”
“It will take me five minutes to get dressed and another five minutes to get there.  Can I make it?”
“It will be close, but why not just wait for Freddie to show up here with the envelope all love sick and creepy?”
“If that happens first, give me a call.  In the meantime, I don’t want that loony kid walking around with everybody’s life in his hands.”
 
CHAPTER THIRTY-SEVEN

The alley behind the restaurant was narrow, just wide enough for a garbage truck to squeeze through.  It reeked of garbage and was populated with cats and heroic rats struggling for dominance.  The mangy creatures of the night scattered when Slamm appeared from between two buildings.
The refuse from a neighboring pizza parlor and an adjoining bar also contributed to the fetid ambiance.  Above it all, a lonely light, attached high on a utility pole, rendered the cluttered alley into a chiaroscuro scene of long, non-discernible shadows.
Slamm sank into a deep shadow, lit up a Spaghetti-Western cigar, and waited.  The cowboy cigar seemed out of place, but it kept him company as he listened to the commotion emanating from the restaurant—the clang of pots and pans, the metallic crash of a mop-bucket ringer.  The cleanup was still underway.
Finally, the spring-loaded back door opened and slammed shut behind Freddie, who struggled with a giant-size pot while holding it by its handles and supporting some of its weight on his skinny thighs behind a stained apron.  He hobbled up to a steel garbage can of many dents and strained to lift the pot high enough to pour the sloshing contents into the can.  It was pitiful to watch, and Slamm was tempted to step forward to help him, but the kid managed, as he must have many times before.
When Slamm did step out of the shadow and between Freddie and the door, Freddie turned facing Slamm’s determined face, dropped the empty pot with a ringing clang, turned away, and ran, splashing down through the alley’s puddles.
“Crap!” Slamm snarled and ran after him.  Slamm held onto his cigar recalling when he couldn’t afford to buy one.
The chase was a short one.  Freddie, looking back over his shoulder as he ran, collided with a utility pole and was on his butt in a puddle sobbing when Slamm caught up to him.
“Are you hurt, you dodo?”
“My ear.”
Slamm lifted the kid by his underarm onto his big feet.  “Hold still,” he said.  “Let me look at your ear.”  Slamm plugged his cigar back into his mouth and snapped on his penlight.  The top of the right ear was split and bleeding.  “That has to hurt.”
“Yeah, it hurts.  Why’d you chase me?” he bawled.
“Why did you run?” Slamm said.  Freddie held his ear and hung his head.  “Where’s the envelope, Freddie?”
Freddie looked up wide-eyed.  “I thought you had it.  I don’t have it.”
“Sure you do.  You stole the key to my locker and took the envelope.  I want it back, Freddie.  I’m not kidding.”
“I swear I don’t have it, Mr. Slamm.”
“Okay, we’ll do this the hard way.”  Slamm spun Freddie around, pushed him up against the utility pole, and—with one hand on the back of Freddie’s neck—began jamming his other hand into Freddie’s pockets.  The third pocket produced the key.  Slamm rotated Freddie back around to face him.  Slamm held up the key before Freddie’s tear-filled eyes.  “This is the key to my locker.  Now, damn it, where’s the envelope?”
The tears rolled down the kid’s acne-scarred cheeks.  “I don’t have it.  I wanted it.  I love Ann so much.  I wanted it so bad.  I love her…”
“Yeah, yeah, you love her.  Now stow it!  Where’s the envelope?”
“I opened the locker.  I figured that would be a good place for you to hide it, but the locker only had a jockstrap in it; and I figured I wasn’t as smart as I thought I was.”
“It was in there.”
“Then somebody else got it first.  I swear it’s true.  It was gone.  If I had it, I wouldn’t be here.  I’d be with Ann.”
Slamm backed away and stood puffing on his raggedy cigar for a long, deliberating moment.  “Better get back to work, Freddie,” he finally said.  “You don’t want to lose your job—not with the way the economy is.”  Slamm walked away.  “And put something on that ear,” he called back before disappearing into the shadows.

From his car, Slamm called Ann.  She answered on the first ring.  “Yes, Slamm.  What’s going on?”
“Lock your door.  Put a chair up against it.  Do you have that revolver loaded?”
Slamm heard Ann snicker, then she said, “Freddie is on his way here with the envelope.  Right?  Don’t worry about it.  I can handle Freddie.”
“No, Steve got hold of it.  I need his address.  Do you have it?”  Slamm was under a traffic light waiting for it to change but not knowing which direction to turn.  “Hurry.”
“The Huntington Hotel.”
“Thanks, Sugar.”  The light turned green, and Slamm whipped the wheel turning left toward the Downtown area.
The Huntington was a fleabag.  It hadn’t always been a fleabag.  When Slamm was a boy accompanying his parents, the wallpaper was vivid, not faded.  The carpets plush, not threadbare.  The ormolu bright, not tarnished.  Now the lobby smelled like old newspapers, and the night porter wore a stained turban.
A twenty and some Pidgin English persuaded the night porter not to forewarn room 46 of Slamm’s surprise visit.  Slamm entered the elevator.  The ride up might have brought back childhood memories if the elevator hadn’t smelled like urine.
Slamm could hear music playing as he knocked on the door of room 46.  The low-fidelity music, coming out of something cheap, stopped.
“Who?” Steve’s distinctively high voice called.
“Room service.”
“Who’s there?” Steve’s voice demanded.  It didn’t work.  The hotel probably stopped having room service years ago.
Slamm stepped back and kicked the door open.  Steve, in a sleeveless undershirt, stood transfixed and was holding a can of beer.  Slamm stepped in and punched him in the face.  He went down; the beer went flying.  “Where’s the envelope, Steve?”  Slamm, his fist again ready, stood over him.
Steve sat up rubbing his jaw, but he wisely stayed down on his butt.  “I had to do it, Slamm.  The IRS owns me body and soul.  It was pay up or do time.”
“Skip it.  Where’s the envelope now, damn it!”
“I gave it to the guy who paid me to get it.  Ten thousand bucks.  I couldn’t turn it down.  I…”
“Big ugly guy?”
“He looked like an ape.  Scared the crap out of me, but he had the money in his hand.  Pushed the money on me like I’d better take it.”  Steve spit a clot of blood onto the floor.  “He said I could have the envelope back.  I was going to replace it before you…”
“Shut up!  When?”
“First thing Tuesday morning.  He promised.”
“No.  When did you give the guy the envelope?”
“Can’t be more than ten minutes ago.  You just missed him.”
Slamm flipped the lid on his cell phone.  Ann again answered on the first ring.  “Go,” she said.
“Ace has the envelope.  Do you know Molly’s number?”
“Oh, dear God!  No.  She keeps changing it.”
“Any chance that you know Otto’s number?”
“Yes.”
“Call him.  Tell him what happened.”  Slamm disconnected and paced the floor.
Ann called back.  “No answer.  What are you going to do?”
“Something I’m going to hate myself for doing.”  Slamm disconnected and tapped in another number.  It rang twice.
“Lieutenant Bricker.”  His tone was officiously stern as usual.
“Leo, this is Slamm,” he said as he watched Steve struggle back onto his feet.
Long pause.  “What do you want, Slamm?” the cop finally said.
“I need you to stop and hold Ace.”  Slamm waited and watched as Steve fell into the room’s armchair and leaned over holding his head in his hands.  He looked pitiful.
“You want me to do what?” the cop barked.
“Ace is likely to get into some trouble tonight.  You need to stop him and hold him before he does something crazy.”
“I need more than that.”
“Just put out a BOLO to stop him.”
“You know I can’t do that,” Bricker snarled.  They were no longer friends.  “I have to have probable cause.”
“Okay, okay, he is likely to hurt Molly Miller and her brother.  He might want to hurt Ann Skully too.”
“Uh-huh.  And he’ll be armed, right?”
Slamm rubbed his forehead.  “Yeah, he’ll be armed.  Be careful, but just stop and hold him.”
“We’ll do what we have to do, Slamm.  What’s he driving?”
“It will be a stolen car.  It’s always a stolen car,” Slamm said with regret.
Bricker clicked off.
Steve looked up.  “I’m sorry, Slamm.  I didn’t know it was anything all that serious.”
“We’ll talk about it tomorrow when you come to work.”  Slamm spun around and headed down the hall.
Steve followed him as far as the broken door.  “I still have a job?” he called.
Slamm hammered the elevator button.  “You’re a dirty, backstabbing son-of-a-bitch, Steve—but a damn good investigator.  I’m not going to let a little thing like a personality peccadillo interfere with business.”
The elevator doors hissed open.

CHAPTER THIRTY-EIGHT

The streets were empty of cars and people.  It was as if everyone were hiding because something terrible was about to happen—or maybe it was the return of the cold rain.  Slamm pushed his Ford up to eighty miles per hour on wet streets slowing down only when he entered the alley of potholes that accessed Tubb’s Bar.  He parked under a backdoor security light glowing across the way, and he worried as he approached the bar and heard no pseudo-music blasting through the door—only silence.  And where were the patron’s cars?  The alley was empty.
The place was empty except for Ruth, who stood behind the bar swirling a rag over its surface maculated with cigarette burns.  She didn’t look up when Slamm entered, but continued to swirl her rag around and around as if in a stupor. 
Slamm stopped at the bar and watched her.  “Have you seen Molly and Ron?”
Ruth flicked a glance at the backroom door and resumed her purposeless ritual.
Slamm found them huddled together in a corner of the small room.  Ron’s head lay on his sister’s shoulder as they sat in a pool of their blood.
Slamm returned to the bar area.  “Do you know what’s back there?” he asked Ruth.  She nodded almost imperceptibly while continuing to swirl her rag around and around.
Otto lay against his glass counter, shattered again.  His hands were folded across his baggy, white shirt with the missing button.  There was a patch of red in the middle of the shirt.  It resembled a red flower.  A black yarmulke was on his bowed head.  “You should have gone to temple, Otto,” Slamm lamented.
Slamm called Ann as he raced back towards her apartment.  There was no answer to the first, second, or third call.  What had been worry became panic.  Slamm pressed the accelerator to the floor.  His heart was racing like the Ford’s engine as the streetlights streaked by and the traffic lights turned red in vain.  His mind was full of her.  It projected her heart-shaped face flying ahead of him.  Her husky, singsong voice was in his ears.  The way she moved, smiled, the toss of her hair, her dreamy eyes, and her touch all filled him up with her, his inamorata.  He couldn’t lose her.  Why hadn’t he gone to her first?  Hail Mary, Hail Mary.
He climbed the four flights of steps three steps at a time.  His temples were throbbing.  His mouth dry.  He pounded on the door and glanced over his shoulder at 4B expecting it to open as usual.  There was a black wreath on the door.  Door 4A opened.
He pulled Ann into his arms.  Covered her face with frenzied kisses.  He held her face between his hands and kissed her again and again.  He folded her into his arms again and caressed her back, her hair, her shoulders.  Running his hands down from her shoulders to her hands, he kissed her hands, palms, fingers.  He pulled her back into his arms.  “Why didn’t you answer my calls?” he begged.
Ann had to catch her breath before she said, “Mother had me on the phone from Paris.  She’s coming home and said…”
Slamm closed her mouth with another kiss.

They lay on the sofa wrapped in each other, aware of the beating of each other’s heart.  She was close to sleep.  He was resisting sleep.  His Beretta lay ready on the coffee table.  A kitchen chair was propped against the kitchen door.  It would slow down Ace’s raging entrance long enough for Slamm to grab hold of his sub-compact gun.  He wished he had a bazooka.
“I feel sorry for Molly and Ron,” Ann murmured.
“They were lowlife crooks, but so do I.  Funny ain’t it?”
“Poor Otto.”
“Yeah.  His son must be taking it hard.”
“It’s all my fault.  Like you said, Slamm: I was playing a dangerous game.  But everybody got hurt except me.”
“They all started the game when they sold Ace’s baby.  That was a rotten thing to do.”
“She went to a good home.”
“They didn’t know that would happen.  They would have been just as happy selling her to the kiddie-porn industry.”
“I can’t judge them.  I was a crook.”
“Was is the key word.  Now you’re a working girl and doing a good job.”
“No, I’m no good.  You know about some of the bad things I’ve done, but there’s more.”
“I don’t want to know any more, and I’m not telling you the bad things I’ve done.”
She rubbed her cheek against his chest.  “You’re no good either, are you?”
He stroked her hair.  “Nah, I’m no good.  You’re no good.  But we’re good for each other.”
With her head still on his chest, Ann rolled her heavy eyes up to meet his.  “Mother is coming home,” she sighed with a voice as weary as her eyes.  It was three in the morning.  “Mom phoned me from Paris.  The rich old man dumped her.  She woke up in their hotel room, and he was gone.  So was the jewelry he had given her.”
“That’s pretty rotten.”
“He told her the night before that she was an embarrassment.  He said, not only could she not speak a word of French, but when his friends switched over to English for her benefit, she still couldn’t contribute anything to the conversation.”
“Ouch.”
“She knew nothing about Jean Paul Sartre, Gabriel Marcel, or any of those big-brain guys.  Hell, I knew about them from taking high-school French.  And Mom has never even read Madame Bovary.  What woman hasn’t read that book?”
“Your mother for one.”
“Mom got herself in way over her head.”
“From what you just now said, you might have been able to pull it off.”
“Maybe, but I don’t like snobs,” Ann said. “The rat fink, hurting Mom and dumping her like that.”
“Nice guy.  Sartre would be proud of him.”
“She has no way to come home.  I need to wire her some money, but I don’t know how to go about it.”
“I’ll take care of it.”
“You want her back?”
“I don’t want her sleeping in the alleys of Paris.  Some Frenchy might piquer her in the petit.”
“I mean, do you still lover her?”
Slamm hesitated then said, “Like I said before, she was a dream.  I woke up.”
“Am I a dream too?”  Ann looked worried.
“Yeah, but this time I’m having trouble waking up.”  He kissed her folded brow smooth.  “Those big, bright, sad eyes of yours make me dream.  A guy can get lost in those wonderful eyes.  A guy could look into them forever and nothing else.”
“Oh, brother,” Ann exclaimed.
“And your mouth,” he continued undaunted, “with those full, childlike lips, is so expressive that I’m sometimes unaware of what you’re saying.  Instead, I’m compelled to watch your lips moving like some dreamy pas de deux.  And you body is like a dream too, shifting about in a lithesome undulation of mesmerizing grace.”
“Wow,” she exhaled.  “Where did that come from, Tough Guy?”
“I made it up on the spot.  Pretty good, huh?”
“You’re so romantic.  And corny.  God, that was so corny.”
“Comes from watching old Charles Boyer movies.”
“Are we going to be together forever, Slamm?  You sure make it sound like we are.  But I’d like to know for sure.  It’s all happening so fast.”
“When I thought that maybe you had been killed, things speeded up a bit.  But I wouldn’t want to make any long-term plans until after Ace and I have had a chance to shoot it out.  I like the guy, and I might hesitate for a hundredth of a second, and that would be fatal.”
Ann reared up and pounded on Slamm’s chest.  “Don’t talk like that!” she riled.
“Not saying it won’t change anything.”  Slamm reached over and checked his gun for the third time to make sure the safety was off.  “When I hear his big, bulky body thumping up the stairs, I’m going to toss you off me and hope you land someplace soft.  It will take Ace only a second to tear his way through the door.  You’ll want to stay low.”
“You’re doing this for me.”  She was now crying.  “He’s not after you.  He’s after me.  I know you won’t leave, but I want you to.”  She climbed off Slamm and walked toward the kitchen.
Slamm sat up.  “Where do you think you’re going?”
“I need a drink.  My nerves are shot.”  She walked to the cupboard.  “You want one?”
“Sure.  It won’t be the first time I had whiskey for breakfast.”  Slamm lay back down.  “I’ll worry about my liver later.”
Ann lifted the quarter-full bottle of whiskey from the cupboard and came around the table on the same side as the kitchen door.  She suddenly clunked the bottle down onto the table, shoved the leaning chair away from the door, opened the door and was gone.
“Ann!” Slamm shouted, jumped up, and stumbled over the coffee table cracking his shin.  The gun bounced and hid itself under the sofa.  “Damn it, Ann!”
He limped out the door and looked over the banister.  Ann was two flights below flying with undulating grace.  “Ann,” he screamed.  He ignored the pain in his leg and rebounded down the steps two steps at a time, which was a mistake.  He missed a step and tumbled down half a flight landing on his back on the next landing.  Dragging himself onto his feet, he heard the front door of the apartment building slam shut leaving him alone when he had hoped that he would never be alone again.  He continued on down.
The street was silent and empty.  A mist was now sifting down.  It felt like gossamer silk on his face and was visible under the line of hooded streetlights like a row of weaving ghosts.  Ann was nowhere in sight.
Slamm looked about for the deepest shadow.  If Ace were nearby, that’s where he would be—invisible like the jungle cat he admired.
The deepest shadow was a niche between two brick buildings.  The closest street light raked its misty rays along the brick walls on either side of the niche making it appear darker still.  Slamm crossed the street and headed for the deepest shadow.  He felt naked without his Beretta.
From the niche came the hollow pinging of water dripping into a deep cistern.  And there was also the sound of labored breathing.  Slamm committed himself to fate and stepped into the shadow, snapping on his penlight.
A man stood over a large, iron drain that captured the drizzle from a downspout that came down one side of the niche from where it emptied the roof above.  The man looked old, older than he probably was.  He was gaunt, sad, in rags.
The raggedy man said, “Got a cigarette, Mister?”
“No.  Which way did the girl go?”
“She didn’t go anywhere.”  The raggedy man nodded back over his shoulder.
Slamm swept his beam deeper into the blackness.  Ann sat curled up like an unborn baby against the far wall.  “Ann, what the hell are you doing?”
“That man grabbed me,” she choked. 
Slamm turn back towards the raggedy man.  “You grabbed her?” he accused.
“Yes.  She was running down the street.  I knew something bad would happen to her if I didn’t stop her.  I know things.  I don’t know how I know things.  I just do.  Got a dollar you can give me for a cup of coffee?”
Ann bleated, “I thought he was Ace.  I thought I was going to die.”  She was sobbing out her release from terror.
Slamm stepped past the man and helped Ann to her feet.  “Sacrificing yourself,” he scolded.  “Isn’t that a little out of character for you?”  She leaned against him as he held her.
The raggedy man said, “Sure could use a cup of coffee, Mister.”
Slamm unfolded his wallet with his free hand and fingered out a bill.
“You believe him?” Ann gasped.
“Yeah.  He doesn’t remember, but we met before.”  Slamm handed the bill to the raggedy man who carried it out into the light where he gazed down at it with watery eyes.  “Ah, Mister, this is a hundred dollar bill.”
“Do you see any blood on it?”
“No.”
“Then you should keep it.”

CHAPTER THIRTY-NINE

Dawn lifted a purple horizon with a band of gold.  A red sun followed.  It peeked between the living room curtains and flared in Slamm’s drooping eyes.  “Good morning,” he said.
Ann lifted her head from Slamm’s chest.  “I must have fallen asleep.  I didn’t think I could.”
“Ann, I’ve been thinking.  What would you say if I gave the business to Steve and moved down to Stewart, Florida?  There’s a nautical school in Stewart where I can earn a captain’s license and become the skipper of an excursion boat.  Take people all over the World.  Would you go with me?”
“Anywhere for any reason.”
“It will be a struggle, but I’ll be a sailor again.  That’s all I really ever wanted to be.  You can be my first mate.”
“I better be your only mate.”
Slamm’s cell phone buzzed.  He reached over to the coffee table for it, glanced at the caller I.D. screen, and put it to his ear.  “What’s up, Leo?”
“We’ve got Ace.  I thought you should know.”
Slamm moved Ann to one side and sat up.  “Where?”
“Twenty-two Orr Street.”
“Leo, I’m ten minutes away.  Hold him for me, will you?  I want to talk to him.”
“Hurry up.”
 The phone clicked off.
Slamm jumped up.  “The cops are holding Ace in front of his mother’s house.  I have to say something to the guy before they drag him off to the slammer.”  Slamm grabbed his gun, jacket, and hat.  “I don’t know what I can say to him, but I have to say something.  I feel rotten siccing the cops on him.”
“Poor Ace,” Ann sighed.
“Yeah, poor Ace.  What irony.  Two minutes ago we thought he might kill us.”  Slamm hurried to the doorway then stopped.  “Oh, by the way, Ann.  You killed your husband.”
Ann had followed him as far as the kitchen table.  “What are you talking about?”
“The coroner found a lot of onions inside him.  The only way to eat a lot of onions is when they’ve been fried,”
“Okay, I fried up some onion rings.  So what?”
“You fried them in your mom’s deep fryer, right?”
“Yeah.  So?”
“So, your mother keeps peanut oil in her fryer.  I could taste it on your corn fritters.  I tasted it on everything you mom fried, but didn’t know what it was until now.  Look under the counter.  There’s a half-full gallon bottle of peanut oil, and peanut oil will do the job according to the coroner.”
Ann flopped down onto a kitchen chair and placed her hands on either side of her face.  “Oh, my God!  I did kill the bastard after all.  I didn’t mean to, but…”  She shrugged.  “Oh, well.”

The long, blue shadows that fell diagonally across Orr Street were staggered by bright, ruddy shafts from the morning sun peeking between the narrow spaces between the clustered, frame houses still standing in this old part of town.  There in the blue shadows, strobe lights flashed red and blue beams from a dozen or so randomly placed cop cars from different local departments—sheriff, Columbus, Manson, and townships.  In sharp relief, a yellow crime-scene tape meandered around an area that enclosed a black Lincoln resting at a forty-five degree angle off the curb.  The black car was wreaked with bullet holes.
Lieutenant Leo Bricker stood in the street among a group of other uniforms.  They all turned to face Slamm’s approaching Ford.  Slamm stopped at the yellow tape and got out.  With his eyes fixed on the shattered Lincoln, he marched up to the group.  They scattered leaving Officer Bricker alone.  Slamm turned his startled gaze from the Lincoln to Bricker.  “Goddamn it, Leo, I told you to hold Ace, not shoot him to pieces!”
Bricker glanced at the other officers who were listening from a distance.  “You don’t tell me nothing, Slamm.  I tell you.”
“Is he dead?”
“Not yet.”  Bricker hung a cigarette on his lower lip.
“Are you going to let him die in that car alone?”
“What the hell do you want me to do?  Hold his fucking hand?”  Bricker struck a match.
“Well, Leo, you finally got him.  How does it feel?”
“Go to hell, Slamm.”  Lieutenant Bricker lowered his head, hiding his eyes under his visor, and lit his cigarette.
Slamm ducked under the yellow tape and headed for the Lincoln.  A cop stepped away from the group.  “Hey, hey, you, where do you think you’re going?”
“Let him go,” Lieutenant Bricker called.  “That’s Jack Slamm.”
Another cop ran up to Slamm.  Slamm stopped and turned.  It was the rookie, Johnny.  “Hecht had a gun on the seat next to him,” Johnny said.  “He could have shot the Lieutenant when he walked up to the car.  When the Lieutenant made sure it was Hecht, he just stepped back and opened fire.  Then everybody else joined in thinking the lieutenant was in trouble.  It was murder.  I’m turning in by badge.”
“Don’t do that, Johnny,” Slamm said.  “Manson needs a good cop.”
“Why didn’t Hecht shoot?”
“He was keeping a promise.”  Slamm walked on.
Slamm opened the passenger’s door, and shattered glass fell to the street.  He slid in beside Ace.  Ace’s head was back against the headrest.  His mouth hung open.  His breathing rattled.  He wore an apron of blood from the neck down.  A lesser man would be dead.  He was covered with nuggets of glass that glittered with the morning sunlight.  He shifted his eyes towards Slamm.
“Slamm, Slamm, good to see you,” he said with his breath only.
It was hopeless, but Slamm said, “Hang on Ace.  Medics are on the way.”
“They won’t make it.  Doesn’t matter.  Nothing matters.”
“Sure it does, Ace.  Everything matters.  You matter.”
“Mom is in that house.  She won’t come out to see me."
“I’m here.”
Ace smiled with bloody teeth.  “Yeah, yeah, we’re pals.”  The smile fell.  “I went crazy.  I shot Molly, Slamm.”
“I know.”
“I wish I hadn’t shot her.  I wish I had never shot anybody.”  Ace paused to wince.  “Slamm, do you think that Virgin Mary will pray for Molly and me?”
“Sure, Ace.  That’s what she does.”  Hail Mary.
“I went crazy.  I couldn’t stop myself, and I wanted to stop.”  Ace groaned with pain.  “They all sold my little girl like she was no more than a bag of junk.  She could be dead.”
“Your little girl is okay.  She is with a couple out in Colorado who love her and are taking good care of her.”
Ace tried to turn his head towards Slamm but couldn’t.  Only his eyes.  “You know that?”
“Yeah, I checked them out for you, Ace.  They’re good folks.  She’s a happy little girl.”
“Ace suddenly stiffened and his eyes grew wide.  “Slamm, Slamm,” he pleaded.
“I’m still here, Ace.”
“I couldn’t see you for a second.  You going to stay with me?”
“Yeah, right here.  Can you see okay now?”
“Yeah.”
“I’ve got a picture of your little girl.  It’s here in my pocket.”  Slamm reached into his jacket with a trembling hand and brought out the five-by-seven close-up.  He held it out for Ace to take.  Ace tried, but his big hand fell back onto his lap.
“Hold it for me, Pal.”  Ace was now gasping.
Holding his right wrist with his left hand to keep the picture from shaking, Slamm held the picture low so that Ace could see it under his closing eyes.
Looking at the picture, Ace appeared peaceful, probably for the first time in his life.  “Eyes…so pretty,” Ace managed to say between gasps.  “Name?”
“I don’t remember what they call her.  She’s yours, Ace.  You give her a name; and, when she is older, I’ll tell her what you said.”
Ace lingered on the picture of the small, bright face while forcing himself to stay alive, and then, dragging in a labored breath, he said, “Angel Eyes.”


