Florida Heat
By
Rainy Kirkland 

writing with 

Robyn Maize


Copyright 2011, Rainy Kirkland

Smashwords Edition
This book is a work of fiction. Names, characters, places, and incidents are the product of the author’s imagination or are used fictitiously except for the two listed below. Any resemblance to actual events, locales, or persons, living or dead is coincidental. 

This book is a work of fiction with the exception of Sunshine's Auto, which actually does exist in Leesburg and is owned and operated by Brian who is indeed a most awesome mechanic. 

The second exception is AL’S Landing – An eclectic waterfront restaurant in Tavares, which is our favorite place to meet. 


Copyright 2012 by Rainy Kirkland and Robyn Maize
All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced, distributed, or transmitted in any form or by any means, or stored in a database or retrieval system without the prior written permission of the publisher. 

RKPublishing June 2012 
Angelina Bruno – Senior Editor (email: angiesword@yahoo.com)
Calista Taylor – Cover Artist:http://coversbycali.com 


Table of Contents

Dedications

August

Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty

Epilogue

Booklist

Dedications

Rainy -
To Linda and Roger Lark
For friendship that stands the test of time

Robyn -
To my sister Mary Jo, my brothers Bob, Tony, and Joe
And in memory of our parents Tony and Mary
Without their influence this would not have happened




Florida Heat

August

August was murder in Florida. Mercury climbed into the high nineties and set up housekeeping spreading a soggy blanket of heat and humidity that made the air foul and tempers short. At number 17 Crescent Road, the weeds outgrew the scant landscaping that bordered the front door of the faded stucco bungalow. No one noticed. No one cared.
The window air conditioner wheezed as Danny Witmore straddled his weight bench and swore at the sweat that dripped into his eyes. Slowly he curled a 50 lb. weight with his right arm… thirty-one, thirty-two, thirty- three. Keeping his movements slow and steady he struggled to make the mind-muscle connection. Today it wasn’t working; he couldn’t concentrate in all this heat. He stood and stretched, then gave the air conditioner a frustrated whack with the side of his hand.
Tap–tap-tap.“Aggie, get the door.” Danny brushed his sandy colored hair from his forehead. Standing before the wall mirror he flexed his muscles. He loved seeing how his biceps bulged. Danny shifted and, grasped his left wrist with his right hand, tightened his muscles. He studied his reflection critically, pleased there was more definition now. Maybe he’d get another tattoo he thought. Reaching for his favorite Muscle Man Magazine he stared at the bikini clad babe that graced the cover. This is what I need he thought, but his wistful smile vanished as he noticed the dried spaghetti sauce that smeared the top cover of the magazine making the first few pages stick together. Damn it to hell! His eyes raked the room searching for a target for his anger. Dinner dishes from the night before still littered the table with yesterday’s mail and the bitch hadn’t picked up a thing. He kicked a basket of clothes spilling the contents over the floor. This place was a pigsty. Gingerly he tried to pry the magazine pages apart, searching for the article on stacking. If he could just come up with enough money….
The rap at the door became more forceful and Danny felt his irritation rise with the heat.
“Aggie, get the damn door.” He dropped the magazine on the floor and settled back onto the weight bench. It was definitely time to move on. He’d get himself a babe this time, someone who knew how to clean a goddamned house, someone who’d look good on his arm. But to move on, he needed cash. Danny smiled as he picked up the weight. He had a few irons in the fire. If Aggie hadn’t gone ballistic and brought the cops down on their heads he wouldn’t have had to put things on hold. He’d be sitting pretty right now, not stuck in this hellhole with an air conditioner that wasn’t worth spit. The bitch was going to pay for that one, too, he thought darkly, eyeing the cluttered room. It was time he reminded her just who was in charge here.
The rapping at the door turned to banging and Danny swore. He stood and set the weight on the table making the dishes clatter on the Formica tabletop. Where was that stupid woman? He wiped the sweat from his face with the bottom of his favorite tee which read, If I’m riding alone – the Bitch fell off! then walked across the papers that spilled out of a book-bag tossed carelessly against the wall. No wonder the kid could never find anything. Christian was a slob just like Aggie, lurking around watching, never doing what he was told to do. What a mistake that was-- two weeks into the school year and the kid was already in trouble. And now, because of him, they had the damn teacher on their backs, too. Yeah, he thought, flexing his fingers, he was going to have to teach a few lessons before this day was over.
Danny yanked open the door then stepped back in surprise. “What the hell are you doing here?”
“We need to talk.”
“The hell we do. I told you before I’m not interested.” He turned, walked back into the living room and picked up the weight again.
“And I told you it’s important that we talk and talk now.”
Danny looked up, stunned to see that his visitor had the gall to follow him. “What the . . . get the fuck out of my house.”
“This is too important for you to walk away from.”
Incensed that anyone would dare talk back to him, his anger snapped. “The hell it is.” Rising from the bench with the weight in his hand, Danny took a menacing step forward. “Now get the fuck out of my house and off my property.”
“You’re going to regret this,” the voice said flatly. “You’re going to regret this very much.”
“Yeah, right,” he sneered, turning back to the bench. “And this time I’ll be the one calling the cops.” When he heard the click of the front door he rolled his eyes. What a jerk. Danny tried to settle his mind and focus. That’s what the article had said: focus on the target muscle. But he just couldn’t find his pace with all these damn interruptions. Snagging a towel from the floor he wiped his face. Where the fuck was Aggie? How was he gonna get his routine done if she wasn’t home to answer the goddamn door?
Reaching for the sports drink on the table he scowled at the label. Damn her, she was so frigging stupid that she couldn’t even remember the brand he liked. He unscrewed the cap and took a deep gulp. It was definitely time to move on. Between the teachers harping about Christian and that damn probation officer lurking over his shoulder; yeah he’d make some calls and start things moving again. To hell with them all. Aggie could just deal with the consequences ‘cause he’d be long gone. He grinned at the thought of her trying to stammer out excuses. He took another deep drink then grimaced. He was never using this brand again. It was just too damn sweet. Danny took a closer look at the label. Replenish – was that why she picked this? Did she think he needed to be replenished? He gulped down the remains of the bottle and set it back on the table. I’ll replenish her when she gets home. He smiled with the thought. And next time she’ll remember to get the right brand. When his stomach muscles clenched Danny doubled in agony. He never made it out of the room.



Chapter One

Domestic violence manifests itself in many forms. Physical abuse might be the most obvious, but emotional abuse often creates more damage. After almost a decade on the job, human behavior no longer surprised her, but for Probation Officer Jo Cazimer, it still continued to intrigue. This morning, however, she was hitting a brick wall.
A victim and perpetrator of domestic abuse, Agatha Witmore was a prime example of a battered wife: hunched shoulders and eyes that rarely left the clenched hands in her lap. The woman was doing everything she was required to do, but Jo knew none of it was sinking in.
“Aggie, did you hear me?”
Aggie jerked and looked up. “Sorry….”
“I asked how the Batterer Intervention Classes are going.”
“Okay, but I still don’t see why we have to go to them,” she muttered.
“Aggie, we’ve been through this before. You smashed a wine bottle over Danny’s head and sent him to the hospital for stitches. I know,” Jo held up a hand to stop Aggies’s protest, “you only did it to protect yourself. Aggie, Danny isn’t going to change. You don’t have to stay with him.”
“He’s my husband.” Her voice dropped to a whisper and her eyes grew fearful. “The vow said till death do us part.”
“That doesn’t give him the right to beat up on you.”
“Danny’s a good man. He just gets a little riled up sometimes but he’s always real sorry after. And he’s a good provider for Christian and me.”
Deciding she wasn't getting anywhere, Jo changed tactics. “And how is Christian doing in school this year?” She watched Aggie’s agitation increase and thought bingo I’ve hit a nerve.
“He’s doing fine.” Aggie looked up at the clock again. “Can I go now? There’s no school today and Christian’s got a doctor’s appointment. I’m gonna be late.”
Jo reached for her pen. “Sure, who is the doctor? Is Christian sick?”
Clearly wanting the appointment to be over, Aggie stood. “You want to know who the doctor is?”
“Yes, who is the doctor?”
“Actually, ah, it’s the free clinic.” Aggie stammered. “The school, ummm, said he didn’t have all his shots. And if we don’t get there soon, we’ll be waiting all day.”
“Okay,” Jo made a note on the file. “And who is Christian’s teacher this year?”
Aggie took a step toward the door. “You want to know who his teacher is?”
“Is there a reason you don’t want me to know? Is there a problem in school?”
“Christian is doing just fine. His teacher is Ms. Johnson and she’s a bitc…she’s a bit tough that’s all. But Christian is doing fine.”
Jo looked at the clock. She knew how long the lines could be at the free clinic and if Aggie was truly going there…, “Okay I want you to stop in tomorrow and bring me a copy of the health records.”
“What?”
“When you go to the clinic they’ll give you the documentation you need for the school. Ask for two copies and bring one to me for your file.”
“You want a copy, too?” Aggie hesitated in the doorway.
“Don’t worry, the clinic won’t mind making you two copies. They do it all the time. I mean, that is where you’re going right?”
“Ah, yeah, right. I’ll bring you a copy. Next time I come.”
“No, not next time, tomorrow.”
“But my appointment with you isn’t until next month. Can’t I just wait and bring it then?”
“You want to leave early today so you can just take a minute tomorrow and drop that off for me.” And by then I’ll have talked to Ms. Johnson to find out what the real story is, Jo thought.
“Okay, tomorrow,” her bravado gone, Aggie’s eyes were again focused on the floor. “Can I go now?”
“Sure,” Jo said easily. “And good luck at the clinic. In fact, I’ll give them a call so they’ll know you’re coming. Maybe that will get you a little further up the line.” And we both know that if I do that and you don’t show, Jo thought, the clinic will call me this afternoon and let me know.
She watched as Aggie slipped out the door. Jo took a deep breath and tried to set her frustration aside. Why couldn’t she get through to that woman? Maybe if she tried Aggie in one of her Empowerment group meetings…. If Aggie met with some of the women who had gotten themselves out of similar situations she’d feel as if it was possible for her, too. Jo’s pencil tapped an irritated rhythm on the file. If she could just break through, Aggie had a chance. Lord knew Danny was never going to change. The only way he’d stop being abusive was to end up in jail.
Determined to dig a little deeper, Jo picked up the phone to call the clinic and then the teacher to find out what was going on at the school. Maybe she could use Christian as the lever to make some progress. She glanced at the clock. Then she was going to call Danny; he was late, again, and this was going to stop here and now.
* * *
Deep into docketing, Jo looked up to find her best friend, Detective Kate Snow, leaning on the door jam. Kate’s caramel skin and shiny black curls could have pegged her for a model until you looked at her eyes. Kate’s eyes were all cop and right now they were not happy. A quick glance at the clock told Jo she was late for their lunch meeting again.
Kate held up her hand. “Don’t say a word. I know you’re swamped, and rather than call I decided to stop by since I had to be in the building anyway. I’ve only got a minute. Here,” she tossed half of a wrapped Italian sub in Jo’s direction. “I picked this up on my way in this morning. You might as well eat the rest. I don’t have time.”
“I would have been there in a minute,” Jo said apologetically. “Just wanted to finish this Failure to Report. I’m initiating a Warrant for Danny.”
“Are you talking about Danny Witmore?”
“Yeah, I’m through with his non-compliance. He’s late when he does show up and today he didn’t come at all.”
“Well, I don’t think you’re going to need that,” Kate stated dryly. “Danny Witmore is the reason I can’t do lunch. In fact, I’ve gotta scram.”
“What’s up?”
“Not Danny, he’s dead.”
“What?” Jo blanched.
“Looks like poison,” Kate said straightening her jacket to cover her gun. “We’ll know for sure when the M.E.’s report comes in but I’d make bank on it. You have any idea where the wife is?”
“She said she was going to take their kid to the free clinic to get some shots for school.”
“Let’s hope she’s there. Gotta run, catch you later.” Then Kate was gone.
Jo sat back and felt a sickly premonition wash through her. Had Aggie finally had enough? Was that why she’d been so fidgety that morning? Jo replayed the entire appointment in her mind looking for signs that Aggie had been pushed to the edge but found none. She stared down at the Violation of Probation Report she’d all but finished. Well she didn’t have to worry about Danny beating on Aggie any more. But she couldn’t help but worry what was going to happen to Aggie when Kate found her.
* * *
Stretching, Jo eased out of her chair and rubbed her neck. Her reports complete, hallelujah, she was finally up to date with everything and not a moment too soon as the clock said three minutes to end of shift. The intercom buzzed and Cheryl, their receptionist piped through.
“Jo, you still here?”
“On my way out, Cheryl, what do you need?” 
“Well, you’re the Officer of the Day and I have Judge Miller on the phone.”
Stifling a groan, Jo put her keys back on the desk. “Put her through.” Jo sat and pulled an intake folder from her desk drawer. “Yes, Your Honor. “
The building was all but deserted by the time Jo finished processing the court order Judge Miller had sent over. What a day, she thought. She’d gotten an earful from Christian’s teacher and had an appointment for a follow-up. And Danny Witmore was dead. She glanced at the clock again. Kate still hadn’t called. Were they still looking for Aggie? Dear god, Jo thought, please don’t let her be the one that did this. That poor little boy isn’t going to make it if he loses both his parents.
Taking a moment to put the top down, Jo climbed into her Miata, turned over the engine and pulled out of the parking lot. The evening traffic had thinned but the heat of the day pressed down relentlessly. Glad to have what little wind there was tugging at her hair, Jo groaned as the battery warning light blinked on then off. Just get me home and I’ll deal with this tomorrow, she prayed. The battery warning light flashed once more before everything went silent and she had no power. Glad she was no longer on the freeway, Jo managed to steer the gliding car off the road and into the parking lot of the picnic playground. She tried turning the key but didn’t even get a click. Her precious car was completely dead. Digging in her purse for the phone that wasn’t there, Jo stifled a groan and pictured her phone still sitting in the docking station on her desk. Resisting the urge to bang her head against the steering wheel, she took stock of her surroundings.
The park was quiet in the dusky evening. No children were climbing on the monkey bars or squealing as they sped down the slide. The ball field was empty and even the tennis courts had no players. Okay, she thought, it was just too damn hot to walk all the way home, but if she cut through the park, she reasoned climbing out of the car, she could save more than a mile. Deciding to stick to the jogging path, Jo wove her way past the first set of play equipment and into the wooded area. Here the temperature immediately dropped a noticeable degree or two. Jo slowed to a walk and enjoyed the forest scent. Then her nose wrinkled… something was off.
* * *
Jared Rodriguez perched on the edge of the picnic table, took a deep drag then offered the clip to his companion. He exhaled slowly letting the blue smoke drift lazily around his head. “Prime stuff,” he sighed. “Besides,” he chuckled as his companion swatted at a mosquito, “keeps the mosquitoes away.”
“Goddamn I hate these bugs.” Brett Wilson looked up at the sky then slowly scanned the deserted picnic area. “It’s nearly 100 degrees and you couldn’t pick some nice air-conditioned restaurant for us to meet?”
Rodriguez smiled, his eyes hooded in pleasure. “Nah man, not good for us to be seen together. Here,” he gestured again, “take a drag. You must have missed this shit.”
Wilson stiffened. “I missed my freedom more.”
“Yeah, well shit happens and you’re out now.” He pulled a small bag from his shirt pocket and tossed it. “Here, consider it a welcome home gift.”
Wilson caught it one-handed. “You think a nickel bag is going to make things square?”
Rodriguez shrugged. “You know there’s always more where that came from. I take care of my friends.”
“Friends?” Wilson stepped closer.
“Sure man, we’re best buds. Now take a drag and mellow out. You’re getting on my nerves.”
“That’s rich. I spend months in a cage and I’m getting on your nerves.”
“Christ man, stop with all the drama. It’s over, you’re out, forget about it.”
“I can’t fucking forget about it and it’s not fucking over.” Wilson’s fist clenched around the bag. “I had to report to the Clerks Payment Office at the Courthouse today. It’s not enough I spent a year in jail. Now they want me to pay a $25,000 fine. The bitch gave me a damn coupon book, like I'm buying a car or something.” He shook his head. “Where the fuck am I going to get that kind of money? I lost my job, my apartment, everything. Thanks to you I have nothing.”
“Look, don’t pay the fine,” Rodriguez shrugged. “It ain’t like they gonna put you back in the joint.”
“No they just take away my driver’s license.”
“So you drive without a license. People do it every day. You know what your problem is? You worry about the small stuff.”
“Coming up with 25 grand is hardly small stuff. Where am I going to get that kind of money?”
“Look Bro’, we all lost out on that deal. Do you know what those birds were worth? Don’t cry to me over a measly 25 grand. Those African grays were worth three big ones each, and the macaws would have gotten another 2500 for each delivery. This flub up cost me a quarter mil.”
“Yeah, so you set me up. You found out the police were closing in and you fucking set me up. Hey buddy, do me this little favor,” he sneered, “just take in a few packages for me and watch my pet birds while I’m out of town on business. You didn’t bother to mention the birds were hot.”
Rodriguez shrugged again. “Ah, man, give it a rest. You’re out now. Put the past behind you like I did.”
“You did? What are you talking about? I’m the one who went to jail.”
“Yeah, you screwed up and got caught but you’re still alive. The little fucker who ratted me out is dead.”
“I don’t give a rat’s ass about who squealed on you and I wasn’t the one who screwed up. Do you know what it’s like?” Wilson’s voice held quiet fury. “One year – 12 fucking months,” With a snap of his wrist he tossed the bag at Rodriguez’s chest.
“Yeah, man,” Rodriguez caught the bag and slipped it back in his pocket with an irritated jerk. “I fucking know what it’s like. And with my record I would’ve been put away for a hell of a lot longer than a measly year. So stop whining. I got the lawyer to deal it down to a misdemeanor instead of a felony for you, didn’t I?”
“You got the lawyer….”
“Yeah, I know people who know people. Some green in the right hands and it’s a done deal. Besides, jail ain’t nothing compared to prison which is where I would have landed. And I told you I’d make it up to you.”
“How are you going to give me back a year of my life?”
“Hey man, I got a good deal cooking and I can cut you in. Few months you’ll be sitting on easy street.”
“You’re going to cut me in on a deal? It was your fucking deal that got me sent to jail in the first place.”
“Man, consider it a vacation. No fucking work and three meals a day – what are you crying about?”
Feeling the delicious buzz finally kick in, Rodriguez missed the darkening of his companion’s eyes or how the knuckles of his fists were white from rage.
“You knew from the start I was going to get caught and you didn’t care.”
“Of course I care, man. That’s why I agreed to meet with you.”
“You son of a bitch. I’m….”
“Quiet!” Rodriguez snapped, suddenly alert. “Somebody’s coming.”



Chapter Two

Jo heard them before she saw anyone angry voices that competed with the chatter of the birds. Here the sweet aroma of marijuana hung heavy in the humid air. As the jogging path left the trees and curved into another picnic area, Jo saw the smoker. Wearing a red cap, his once white undershirt a sorry companion to the gold chains that hung around his neck, he sat on top of a picnic table. His companion, a white male with a shaggy crew cut and baggy jeans stood nearby. Both men fell silent and turned to look at her as she passed. She heard their angry whispers resume and resisted the urge to turn back and stare. The hair on the back of her neck pricked but Jo kept her pace steady and her eyes straight ahead. As soon as the path wove its way back into the trees, Jo sidestepped off. As quietly as she could, she crouched behind a giant oak. The voices had stopped. Now she kept perfectly still as she listened for footsteps. Using the shelter of the trees she made her way back toward the picnic area, but when she was close enough to see the picnic tables she froze.
The white guy was nowhere to be seen but his Hispanic friend lay sprawled across the table with a knife protruding from his chest. Throwing caution to the wind, Jo left the shelter of the trees and moved quickly toward the table. She was only a few steps away when she realized the man wasn’t breathing. Knowing not to contaminate the scene, she turned back to the jogging path and took off at a dead run.
Drenched with sweat and out of breath, Jo didn’t stop until she reached the park’s exit. Darting across the street to the convenience store, she pushed ahead of the line at the counter. “I need your phone,” she gasped, pressing a hand to the stitch in her side.
“Hey, lady, there’s a line here.” A pudgy man in shorts juggled a six-pack and three bags of chips. “Get in line like the rest of us.”
Jo turned and the look in her eye had the man stepping back and bumping into the woman behind him. “I’m not buying,” she snapped impatiently, then turned back to the clerk. “Now give me the phone so I can call the police.”
Pacing outside the store, Jo downed the rest of the water the clerk had pressed on her. She took her first easy breath when the black and white pulled up and she recognized Mitch Sullivan and his partner Lucy.
Lucy hopped out of the car and greeted Jo with sloppy kisses. “Hey, girl, how you doing?” She rubbed the German shepherd’s head and scratched behind her ears. “Have you missed me?”
Mitch rounded the car. “Lucy, down.” The dog immediately flopped down to sit on her haunches, her tail still wagging.
“Hey, Caz, what’s happening? The 911 call was kinda confusing. You got a body?”
Jo nodded. “In the park.”
Mitch eyed her in confusion. Her dark brown hair was plastered to a face still flushed from heat, her violet eyes huge and troubled. “You out jogging in this heat? What? Are you crazy? It’s pushing 100 today.”
Jo shook her head. “My car broke down so I cut through the park. Saw these two dudes smoking a joint in the picnic area. White male, shaggy brown hair, blue cap and baggy jeans. Hispanic male, sorta wild hair, red cap, dirty white tee, black pants and boots. And I think the Hispanic guy had some sort of tattoos on his neck and chest. I wasn’t close enough to see what they were though.”
Mitch smiled and shook his head at her description. “You should’ve been a cop.”
“Anyway something felt off. So I doubled back to take a look.”
Now his smile faded. “Without calling for backup?”
“Forgot my phone at work. Anyway, when I go back the white dude is gone and his friend is sprawled on the picnic table with a knife sticking out of his chest.”
“Christ,” Mitch snapped. “Get in the car – Lucy, in,” he ordered. “Are you sure the guy is dead?”
“I didn’t touch him, didn’t want to contaminate the scene. But if you’re asking me, I’d call the coroner and not an ambulance.”
“Right,” Mitch sighed. “Why is it, Cazimer that you always seem to find trouble?”
In the car, Jo turned the air-conditioning vent to blow full on her face. “It’s not like I go looking for it. I was just taking a shortcut home ‘cause the car conked out on me.”
“Alright, let’s go find this body of yours.” Mitch followed Jo’s directions staying on the jogging path. But when the car reached the picnic area Jo gasped. The body was gone.
Mitch turned to stare at her. “Are you sure this is the section?”
Jo nodded silently, her eyes scanning in all directions.
“I mean this is a big park, are you sure you didn’t get turned around? And with all this heat….” Mitch followed Jo out of the car. “Lucy, stay,” he ordered.
“This is the section. I’m positive. You can still catch a whiff of their dope.” And that’s not all, she thought as the metallic scent of blood danced on the still air.
“Caz, stay back,” Mitch ordered, his voice had gone cop hard. “The table’s covered with blood.” Reaching for his shoulder mike, he called for backup.
* * *
Hours later Jo eased out of the black and white. Thankful she was finally home and not at the police station looking at mug shots, she climbed the steps of her front porch. The craftsman style yellow bungalow was tucked between two massive palm trees that stood as watchful sentries on either side of the house. White rockers graced the front porch and she barely resisted the urge to just drop into one. She didn’t know what she wanted more, a shower, some food, or to just crawl into bed and close her eyes blocking out this day. But the tap of nails on the hardwood floor inside had her reaching for the door.
“Hey Blitz, boy, how you doing?” She reached down to pet the Jack Russell terrier that was anxiously bumping her legs and sniffing at her feet. “I know I’m really late, but Jody gave you your dinner didn’t she?” With the word dinner, Blitz took off for the kitchen. Jo smiled at Bella. Ever the lady, the huge German shepherd sat patiently waiting for her turn. Her tail thumped excitedly but she didn’t move until Jo gave the signal. Then her paws hit Jo’s shoulders and she, too, lavished loving kisses. “Okay, okay,” Jo eased Bella aside. “Do you smell Lucy?” She rubbed Bella’s head as the two walked to the kitchen. “I saw your sister today and you’d be proud of her. She’s doing great.” They came from the same litter but Bella hadn’t had the temperament needed for police work and Jo had inherited a playmate for Blitz.
Jo scanned the note that Jody, the dog sitter, had left and cocked her head at Blitz who sat hopefully in front of his dinner bowl.
“Oh no, you big faker. Jody left a note. I know you’ve already had your dinner.” Which I haven’t, she thought as her stomach rumbled. She held up the yellow post-it note. Blitz gave a doggie sigh and laid down. “Oh, don’t pout,” Jo smiled. “You know I’m good for a treat.” And at the word treat, both dogs immediately came to attention. Jo took the box of dog biscuits from the cupboard along with a jar of peanut butter for herself. When treats had been dispensed and her sandwich made, she sat at the kitchen counter and punched the button on the answering machine. The first message was from the garage telling her they had picked up her car. Thank you, Mitch, for calling that in for me, she thought. Then Kate asking for a call back. Jo picked up the phone and dialed.
“Well, you’ve had an interesting evening,” Kate stated. “Trying to match me with dead bodies?”
Jo set her sandwich down. “It’s not been a night I’d want to repeat.” She absently scratched a mosquito bite on her arm.
“It never is,” Kate’s voice held both sympathy and understanding. “You doing okay? Want me to come over?”
“No, I’m okay and I’ve got my two buddies here.” As she looked down both tails started to wag. “But I could use a ride to work tomorrow.”
“Consider it done.”
“Did you find Aggie?”
“Yep, she was three sheets to the wind in the Sundown Bar when we finally located her.”
“Oh, crap. Kate, she’s still on probation.”
“Well, we didn’t make an arrest. Do you still need to violate her?”
“Since she wasn’t driving and you didn’t arrest her, I can let it slide this time but not without a warning that it is a violation. Where is she now?”
“She’ll stay in holding until tomorrow morning. I’m hoping we can get a decent statement from her before she decides to lawyer up.”
“Do you think she did it?”
“Too soon to tell. But she fled the scene and I’ve got to wonder why.”
“What about their kid?” Jo pushed her sandwich around on her plate.
“Well here’s the kicker. Seems the little boy was the one who found Danny. And let me tell you it wasn’t a pretty sight. He called 911. He’s calm as a cucumber but she comes home, sees all the cop cars, snatches up the kid and takes off.”
“What the hell?”
“Yeah, my thoughts exactly. She was lucid enough to tell us she dropped him at a friend’s house. We verified, and he’ll be okay there until tomorrow. The kids are in the same class at school so the mom will make sure they both get there. And if Aggie didn’t have anything to do with the murder, she’ll be out in time to pick him up after school. If not I’ll contact the Department of Child and Family to step in.”
“That little guy is only eight years old. He sees his father dead and his mother drops him off at a friend’s house? What was she thinking?”
“I don’t think she was thinking – more like what was she drinking.”
“That poor little guy.”
“Look, kiddo, you can’t save them all and tonight you can’t do anything anyway. Stop worrying about this and get some rest, okay? You sound beat. I’ll see you first thing in the morning.”
Jo hung up and stared at her plate. Her appetite gone, she divided the sandwich between the dog's dishes. She pushed the answering machine’s button but the rest of the messages were hang-ups.
Flipping off the light in the kitchen Jo made her way to her bedroom with the dogs in her wake. Not even bothering to dry her hair after taking her shower, she crawled into bed and was asleep as soon as her head touched the pillow.
Jo woke when Blitz hopped off the bed and started to bark at what she assumed was the early paper delivery. But when Bella started her low growling, Jo felt gooseflesh crawl up her arms. Completely awake she slipped out of bed. The moonlight cast the house’s interior in shadows but as Jo moved from room to room she found nothing amiss. Bella’s growling had stopped and when Jo returned to the bedroom she found both dogs comfortably settled on her bed.
“If this was a way to claim a better space, I’m not impressed.” She shoved at Bella and nudged Blitz with her foot from under the blanket. “Now both of you go to sleep.” But for Jo the rest of the night was filled with fitful dreams that refused to grant her peace.
The morning found her cranky and exhausted. Two more times the dogs had pulled her from sleep. A raccoon prowling around the house she thought irritably. Now as she sipped her coffee in the kitchen, the dogs sat angelically on the floor at her feet. She was going to have to do some serious training. “One does not bark at raccoons,” she said sternly.
Suddenly alert, both dogs turned and made a dash for the front door. Jo rolled her eyes and sliding off the stool she started for the living room. Her heart jumped and her breath caught when she heard the front door open. Feeling foolish at letting the dogs spook her that way Jo continued down the short hallway to the front room.
Kate stood from greeting the dogs when Jo entered. “You look terrible.”
“And good morning to you, too. I see you used your key.”
“Why didn’t you call me?”
Blank, Jo stared over her coffee mug at her friend. “Okay, I’m running a few steps behind this morning. These two,” she looked down at the dogs, "kept me up most of the night.”
“And you didn’t think you should call me?”
Jo shook her head. “Obviously, I’m missing something here. Why would I call you because these two morons barked at raccoons all night?”
“Because it wasn’t a raccoon they were barking at.”
“What else?” Jo felt the beginning of a tension headache inch its way up the back of her neck.”
“We have a big problem here,” Kate said. “And before you say anything, I’ve already called it in.” She turned back to the front door and slowly pulled it the rest of the way open.
Hanging from a strip of silver duct tape was a single sheet of paper. The words had been cut from a newspaper or magazine, the message very clear:
I KNOW WHAT YOU SAW 



Chapter Three 

Kate stood outside the interview room and watched Aggie through the two-way glass. The woman’s head was propped in one hand while the other clutched a paper cup of coffee like her life depended on it.
“That is one pitiful sight,” Mitch Sullivan stepped up beside her. “I just came from Holding. Jenkins told me that when they tried to wake her up this morning she puked all over his shoes.” He tried unsuccessfully to hold back a grin. “Sometimes this job has unexpected perks.”
Kate frowned. “You have a problem with Jenkins?”
“Naw,” Mitch rocked back on his heels. “He’s okay. But you should have seen his face.”
Turning back to the window Kate watched Aggie and tried to keep her mind from Jo and the note taped on her door. For the moment her friend was safely tucked in her office. But if she knew Jo that would only last until her car was fixed. “Okay let’s go. I want to nail this down.”
“You think she did it?”
Kate nodded. “She’s at the top of my short list. Flees the crime scene before anyone can talk to her, and the last time Danny tried to wale on her she crowned him with a wine bottle and he ended up in the ER. Let’s see if this time she decided just to end the son of a bitch.” Opening the door, Kate and Mitch stepped into interview. “Good morning,” Kate said pleasantly.
“I don’t feel so good,” Aggie groaned. “I’m gonna be sick. I need to go home.”
With her foot, Kate pushed a trashcan in front of the woman. “If you need to puke, do it in this. Now we read you your rights last night. Do you remember or should I repeat them?”
“Am I under arrest?”
“No, we just want to talk to you about Danny. Do you remember your rights or should I tell you again?”
“Danny’s dead,” Aggie started to cry, wracking sobs that shook her entire body.
Kate took a deep breath and waited. “Aggie what can you tell me about Danny?”
“He’s dead,” the woman sobbed.
“I know he’s dead. Now we’re trying to help him.”
“How can you help him when he’s dead?”
Mitch looked at Kate and rolled his eyes. “Agatha,” he said softly. “You need to tell us what happened. Where were you yesterday? Why did you grab your boy and leave the scene?”
“How am I going to live?” Tears ran unheeded down her cheeks. “What am I going to do?”
“You’re going to tell us where you were yesterday morning.” Kate said firmly. “You don’t want to go back to Holding do you?”
Aggie shook her head. She took another sip of her coffee and grimaced. “Can I have another cup? This is cold.”
Mitch looked to Kate who nodded. “I’ll get it.”
When he left the room Kate continued. “I know you saw your probation officer yesterday. Where did you go after that?”
Aggie looked around as if noticing her surroundings for the first time. “I went to the clinic to get Christian his shots for school.”
“Aggie we checked. You never got to the clinic yesterday. You never signed in.”
Aggie looked confused. “I didn’t?”
“No you didn’t. You told your probation officer you were going to the clinic but you never got there. Did you go back to the house? Did you see Danny?”
Mitch entered and handed Aggie a steaming cup of coffee.
She all but grabbed the cup and took a deep gulp then gasped. “That’s really hot.”
“Aggie where did you go yesterday after leaving the probation office?”
“Um, I’m not really sure. It’s all a jumble in my head.”
“The bartender at the Sundown said you arrived there around lunch time. Where were you just before that? Did you leave the probation office and drive home?”
“I’m not sure,” Aggie continued to sip at the coffee. “I think I dropped Christian off to play with a friend then I went to the bank.”
“Which bank?” Mitch asked, gently pushing a box of tissues toward the weeping woman.
“We always use the Orange-Tree Bank over on Colonial.”
Kate and Mitch exchanged a glance. They could get the security discs from the bank if necessary to verify her story.
“Aggie, how did Christian get to your house?”
Aggie gave a huge sniff. “He wanted to go to Mason’s because they didn’t have school yesterday.”
“But you didn’t take him to Mason’s house.” Kate prompted. “Christian is the one who called 911.”
“He did? He’s such a good boy.”
Kate worked to stem her impatience with the woman. “He did. Now, did you take Christian home?”
Aggie’s bloodshot eyes tracked around the small room. “I took him to Mason’s but he said Mason wasn’t there so he walked home.” She set down the cup and threaded her fingers through her already disheveled hair.
“Then what happened?” Mitch prompted.
She picked up her cup but just stared at the contents. “When I got back home the police were there. They wouldn’t let me in because Danny was dead.” Her tears started again. “What am I going to do?”
“Aggie did you give Danny the sports drink?”
“I do all the shopping,” she sniffed again. “He hates the grocery store.”
“And did you put something in Danny’s sports drink?”
“What?” Her head snapped up. Shock seemed to momentarily dry her tears. 
Kate placed an empty bottle still in its evidence bag on the table. “Did you put something in Danny’s drink?”
Aggie shook her head and lifted a shaky hand to point. “That’s not Danny’s bottle. He doesn’t drink that.”
“This is what we found by his body.”
“No,” her voice was suddenly fearful. “Danny gets mad if I forget and buy the wrong kind.” Her eyes darted about the room again then filled with tears. “That can’t be his.”
Kate and Mitch exchanged a glance. “So you didn’t buy this?” Mitch questioned.
Aggie shook her head. “I can only get Power-up. He gets . . . he gets angry if I forget and bring home the wrong stuff. A man likes what he likes,” she stated firmly.
“Aggie why did you take Christian and leave the scene before anyone could talk to you?”
Her tears increased. “Danny’s dead and I don’t know what to do.”
“So you thought that going to the Sundown Bar was the answer?” Kate snapped.
Aggie jerked. “I didn’t know what to do,” she cried. “The police wouldn’t let me in my own house. I was confused.”
“But not confused enough to take your boy and run?”
“I didn’t run. I got in the car and drove.” Her tone clearly implied she thought Kate was the one confused. “I dropped Christian off at his friend’s house then I went to the bar for a drink.”
“Why did you take Christian to Mason’s house again?” Mitch asked.
Aggie all but rolled her tear-streaked eyes. “They won’t let me bring him into the bar.”
Kate gave Mitch a glance then rose. “Aggie, wait here, we’ll be right back.”
“I want to go home. I want my boy.”
“Aggie we need to talk with Christian. Do we have your permission?”
“No, I want to go home,” she sat up a little straighter. “I want a lawyer, and I want to go home.”
Kate nodded. “No problem. Give us a few minutes to deal with the paperwork and you’ll be cleared to go for now. Okay?”
Aggie folded her arms across her narrow chest. “I don’t want to go back to that cell. It smells in there,” she said stiffly.
“You can wait here,” Mitch said, not bothering to add most of the odor had come from her.
Outside the interview room Mitch turned to Kate. “Are you going to let her go?”
“Yeah, no fingerprints on the bottle so for the moment I’ve got nothing to charge her with. Explain to her that her house is still a crime scene so she can’t go home. See if she’s got a relative that will take her and the boy in for a few days. I want to get over to the scene.”
“Any word yet from the crew at Jo’s?” Mitch asked before turning back toward the door.
Kate shook her head. “I’ll be heading there after I check out Aggie’s house. Somewhere there’s a container of antifreeze and I’m going to find it.”
“Antifreeze?” Mitch’s eyes went wide. “That’s what the poor fool drank?”
“Looks that way. The lab isn’t positive but the prelim report states properties similar to antifreeze. So that’s my bet. Easy to obtain – easy to use.”
“But wouldn’t he have noticed something?”
Kate shook her head again. “Seems the taste is sweet, although I don’t have that on personal experience. That’s why some jerks put it out to kill dogs. Animals are attracted to the sweet scent, then the sweet taste.”
Mitch grimaced. “Gross. What a way to die.”
“You’re right there.” She gave one glance back toward Aggie. “Okay, I’m gone. Tag me when you’re done here and I’ll let you know where I am.”
“Aye aye, Chief,” Mitch gave a mock salute then turned back to the interview room and Aggie.
* * * 
Julie Finch walked on air as she made her way to her locker. Today was going down as the best day of her life. First the computer lab crashed and she got a free period. Then the call to report to the guidance office had sent her nerves scrambling for what she might have done wrong, only to find Mrs. Downey had wanted to congratulate her. Her PSAT scores were over the top. If she could keep her grades up – like that was a problem-- she’d be able to get into any college she wanted and with scholarships. She resisted the urge to dance as she reached her locker. But the best part had been coming out of the office and bumping into Marques Brown. The hottest guy in the Jazz Band had asked her to the first dance of the year. Could life get any better?
She spun the dial on her locker and laughed when she missed the first number.
“Hey, Finch, heard you got sent to the office.”
Julie turned to see Nicole Atwood leaning on the wall behind her and her smile faded. Nicole, one of the most popular girls in the school with her blond curls and perfect clothes, was rarely nice to anyone. And being the focus of Nicole’s attention was not where Julie wanted to be.
“No big. Mrs. D just wanted to talk college.”
“Don’t be dense, Finch,” Nicole’s laser blue eyes stared holes into her. “I’m talking about Marques.”
Julie felt her stomach do a flip. “What do you mean?” she stammered.
Nicole rolled her eyes. “He asked you to the dance, didn’t he?”
Julie nodded slowly.
Nicole pushed away from the wall and stepped closer. “Way to go,” she said softly. Her smile, which made Julie think more satisfied smirk, never reached her eyes. Then she turned and walked away.
Julie stood rooted to the spot in front of her locker and waited for her heartbeat to return to normal. What had just happened? Was she in trouble with Nicole for accepting a date with Marques? She tried to turn the dial on her locker again and found her hands were shaking. Shifting her books, Julie took a deep breath and tried again. This time the locker opened. She started to slip her books onto the shelf when a small square envelope fluttered to the floor. Frowning she put the books down and retrieved the envelope. She turned it over and felt her stomach jump again. An old-fashioned inkbottle with a feather sticking out of it had been carefully drawn on the bottom corner of the envelope. “The Quills,” she whispered to herself. A secret club in the school that everyone knew about but no one knew who was in it. It was rumored they only selected a few students each year. Julie thought of her meeting in the Guidance office and her excitement grew. Was she being invited to join the Quills because of her over-the-top test scores?
The bell rang and classroom doors flew open. Carefully Julie slipped the envelope into her pocket as her fellow students filled the hallway. This would need to be opened in private.
Two hours later Julie entered the coffee shop. The instructions were clear. She was to buy a latte and take a seat at the back corner table. But as she stood at the counter her heart sank. A couple already occupied the assigned table. What was she going to do now? She glanced nervously over her shoulder, surely she wasn’t supposed to go and sit with them. They were all but making out across the small tabletop. Maybe she’d just get her coffee and take the table next to them, but even that seemed intrusive when there were so many empty tables to choose from.
The server handed Julie her order as she tried to decide what to do. She just couldn’t mess this up. She wasn’t going to miss getting into the Quills because some stupid couple decided to make it in the coffee shop. She paused at the side counter to get some napkins and felt her heart take a hopeful leap. They were leaving. Thank you god, she whispered softly. The man scooped up their discarded cups and plates while the woman giggled and shifted her purse on her shoulder. Laughing, the two made their way toward the door and Julie all but rushed to the table. She wiped the top with the napkins and took a seat in the corner so she could better see who was coming in.
Ten minutes later and half her latte gone she wondered if this was some cruel joke. Was someone going to jump out with a camera and yell, “Sucker!” Impatiently she checked her watch again. She didn’t recognize the girl who now stood at the counter but she did recognize the indecisive glances that kept coming in her direction. When the girl, latte in hand, started in her direction, Julie took a deep breath. Okay, she thought, here it goes.
“Can I ask you a favor,” the girl said timidly. Her hair was pulled back from her face in such a tight tail that Julie wanted to wince and if her glasses had been any thicker they could have been cut from a Coke bottle. A dingy patterned skirt hung loosely on her thin frame while a matted pink sweater slipped from one shoulder. “Would you mind moving to another table?”
Whatever Julie had been expecting, this wasn’t it. “Excuse me?”
“There are lots of empty tables would you mind moving to one of them,” the girl pulled out a chair and started to sit. “I’m expecting someone and this is our table.”
Julie sat up straighter. “Yes, I do mind. Why don’t you take one of the empty tables? I was here first.”
The girl sat and leaned forward. “Look,” she whispered, “this is really important to me. I’m going to be let into a special club and I need to meet them at this table. So would you move? Please?” The last word came out as more of a whine than a plea.
Julie leaned back in her chair. She’d never been one to judge a person only by their appearance, but as she took in the mismatched clothing and the unflattering hairstyle she began to have second thoughts. Was this pitiful girl also being asked to join the Quills? Her tablemate wasn’t just a nerd, but an unkempt one as well. Maybe the Quills weren’t such a great group after all. “Look,” she said finally, “I’m sorry but I was here first. And if some club is going to keep you out because you sat at the wrong table then maybe you ought to rethink joining them.”
“Oh, but I can’t,” the girl leaned forward. “You don’t understand. This is the most exclusive club at my school. I just gotta get in. Everybody that’s anybody is in the Quills.” The girl gasped and slapped her hand over her mouth. “Gosh, I wasn’t supposed to say that.”
Julie shook her head. “I didn’t hear anything.”
“Look, you seem really nice. I’m Wilma. The thing is I’m not supposed to tell anyone I’m being considered for the Quills.” She thumped herself on the side of the head. “Gosh, I said it again. Just don’t listen to me, okay. When I get excited my mouth just runs ahead of my brain.”
And I’m beginning to wonder if you have a brain, Julie thought. She glanced at her watch again. She’d been waiting 30 minutes and nobody showed. Well so much for great days she thought and slowly got to her feet. “Look, you can have the table. I’ve got to get going.”
“Oh, thanks,” Wilma’s smile brightened.
What a shame, Julie thought tossing her empty cup and the white envelope in the trash. The girl might have been pretty with a better hairstyle. But the Quills? Maybe she should be the one rethinking the situation.
“Julie?” She looked up to find Marques Brown standing at the counter. “I thought that was you.”
Julie struggled to keep her heart from doing somersaults in her chest. “Hey, two times in one day.”
“Yeah,” Marques said, reaching for his order. “My lucky day. You stop in here often?”
She shook her head. “I was supposed to meet someone but things didn’t work out. You?”
Marques nodded. “Yeah, I’m a regular. Just finished Jazz practice. Hey do you need a ride home? I’ve got the car today.”
Her stomach did a flip as she tried not to look too anxious. “That would be great.” And feeling like she was floating again, Julie left the coffee shop with Marques.
At the back table, Wilma watched the couple leave. When she was sure Marques’ car had left the parking lot she reached back and pulled the band from her hair. Giving her head a shake, she let the long brown waves settle softly around her face. She tucked the glasses into the hideous mustard purse and pulled out her phone.
“Okay, she’s gone. Yeah, she did okay, never even gave a hint of who she was waiting for. I think she even felt sorry for me. And Christ, Nicole, where did you get these hideous clothes?” Wilma chuckled. “Interesting development though -- Marques Brown came in and ended up offering her a ride.” She listened a minute more. “I know, things are working out perfectly. I’ll see you later. No, later. First I’m going home to change out of this ridiculous costume.”
It was hours past dinner before Julie finally escaped to her room. She hadn’t even balked when her mother insisted she clear the table and do the dishes or help stuff envelopes for the fundraiser. Life was just too good. She stood in front of her mirror and eyed herself critically. She wasn’t too bad in the looks department: her skin, a rich milk chocolate, was clear and the new mascara did make her eyes look bigger. She turned her head from side to side and studied her dark hair. Would Marques like her better if she had it straightened? Maybe she should splurge and get new eyeliner. She calculated how much of her allowance was left. Before she’d gotten out of the car Marques had invited her to the first home game and that would mean a new outfit. Maybe if she did a few extra chores around the house before she asked for an advance, Mom wouldn’t hit the roof. Deciding on her plan of action, Julie flopped down on her bed. Paper crinkled under her and she frowned. Sitting up she pulled a crumpled envelope from her sweater pocket. The old-fashioned inkbottle with feather stared up at her. She’d thrown this away in the coffee shop hadn’t she? Slowly she opened the envelope. This time there were two small sheets of paper.
You passed the first test
Tomorrow you’ll try for the second.
Good luck
* * *
The next afternoon Julie tried to board the late bus as instructed. “Whoa, kid, you got a pass?” She stopped at the driver’s command.
“I don’t usually ride this bus but I’m going to a friend’s house today.” She tried to make her voice sound confident but to her chagrin it came out shaky.
“Yeah? Who?”
Startled to be questioned this way with students pushing behind her to get onto the bus her mind went blank so she blurted the first name that popped into her head. “Nicole Atwood?”
The driver gave her the once over then jerked his head. “Okay this time, but next time get a pass.”
Mortified, Julie slipped into the first empty seat and tried to make herself as small as possible. Why hadn’t she thought about a pass? What an idiot I am. Praying she wasn’t in someone’s assigned seat, she didn’t take a breath until the bus doors closed and it started to move. Okay, she thought, rough start but I’m on my way.
Twenty minutes later when the bus was nearly empty the driver stopped and looked back at her again. “Well, you going to get off or what?”
Julie looked around. She had no idea where she was. The driver was frowning now so she quickly grabbed her backpack and purse and made her way to the entrance. “Thanks for letting me ride today,” she said, trying to sound confident.“I’ll be sure to get a pass next time.”
“You do that,” he said as she went down the steps. The door wheezed closed, the bus belched and started down the street.
Julie waited until the bus was out of sight then dug the directions and her sunglasses out of her purse. Why did it have to be so frigging hot today? She felt the sweat already making a line down her back. Taking a deep breath she read the directions. Walk two blocks down, and then turn left. Look for the third house on the right. She looked left and right and realized with a sinking feeling she had no idea which way to go. Why hadn’t she looked Nicole’s address up? Because you spent the night dreaming about Marques, she thought. You’re an idiot, Finch, a pure idiot. She pulled out her phone and heard her name called.
“Hey, Finch, that you?”
Startled, Julie looked up to see Zeke Olson from her computer lab. Wearing his traditional baggy jeans and tee that had too many colors to count, he somehow looked different out of school.
“It’s the glasses,” he said simply as he reached her side. “I wear contacts when I’m not in class.”
“You should wear them all the time,” stunned that a pair of contacts could make the geek from the computer lab turn into such a hunk. She spoke without thinking then turned red from embarrassment.
Zeke just grinned. “No problem, but if you’re really going to Nicole’s you’re heading in the wrong direction.”
“What? I um…”
“I heard you tell the bus driver,” he said easily and taking her arm turned her around.“I’m walking that way so I’ll show you.”
“Ah, thanks,” she stammered.
“How’d you do on the history test?”
“What?
“I was really glad when the lab crashed yesterday. I needed another hour to cram before the test. What about you?”
“Yeah, I did the same. Fairbanks likes to throw in those trick questions but I think I did okay. You?”
Zeke only smiled. “I’m doing okay, too. And we’re here.”
Julie looked up at the two-story Spanish style mansion. “Wow, I guess Nicole’s parents are really well off.”
Zeke led her up the drive and knocked on the ornate wrought iron door before she could protest.
Not sure how to explain Zeke, Julie did a double take when the door opened.
“Wilma? The girl looked like Wilma, but the glasses were gone and her hair now waved stylishly about her shoulders. Her sleeveless white tennis dress showed off tan arms and long, long legs.
“It’s Willow, and come in.” She made no protest when Zeke entered too. The foyer boasted a high ceiling and the walls on each side held an ornate opening that revealed the massive rooms beyond. Julie had to keep herself from gawking at the glittering crystal that seemed to sparkle from everywhere. She followed Willow into the living room and looked out to the lanai where the pool shimmered invitingly. Nicole Atwood, in a pair of tiny white shorts and white tube top, showed off her golden tan as she lounged on the black sofa. 
Julie looked from Nicole to Willow and back again. “I don’t understand. Yesterday you said….”
“I told you it was a test,” Nicole interrupted. “If you’re in the Quills you have to be willing not to tell anyone. You did good yesterday. Even when Willow told you she was hoping to get in you never let it slip that you were there for the same reason.”
“Are you both in the Quills?” Julie tried to wrap her mind around what was happening. Neither girl answered.
“But you also have to be deemed worthy,” Zeke continued easily. “There’s one more test before we pass you on to the group.”
“Test? Pass me on….”
“Consider it your application process,” Willow said finally. “If we like what we see, then your name gets passed to the Quills. They decide who finally gets in.”
Julie looked from one to the other. “So you’re not really in the group?”
“Consider us the interview committee,” Nicole said coldly. “We weed out those who are, to use Zeke’s term, unworthy.”
Julie clutched her purse tighter against her chest. “What kind of test.” 
Zeke looked at Willow and grinned. Only Nicole didn’t smile.
Later that night Julie paced in her room. She still couldn’t wrap her mind around the fact that nerdy Zeke Olman had crashed the computer lab simply because he wanted to grab some study time.
“It was really simple,” he said. “Thanks to the fact that Mr. Beckman is an idiot and keeps his passwords written down in a little book in his desk, I was able to break into his computer. Since he is the administrator, I was able to program all the computer fonts to go black. No harm no foul. If you know what’s been done it’s an easy switch back.”
She flopped down on her bed and stared at the picture of BIG TIME RUSH that hung on her bulletin board. Who would believe that behind those glasses Zeke was such a hottie with such a devious mind? She rolled over onto her stomach. But now what was she going to do? If she proved herself worthy she’d get into the most exclusive club in school and that would make her senior year the most stellar yet. But if she didn’t -- she shuddered at the thought -- and Nicole Atwood became an enemy, her social life would be nonexistent. It was hard enough being new in the school. She didn’t need Nicole turning her into a social pariah.
Julie stood and began to pace again. She had the code that Zeke had given her, now she just had to think of some really wicked way to use it. It was nearly midnight when she finally sat at her computer. A smile tugged at the corners of her mouth. This was good, she thought, maybe not as good as crashing the lab, but it was definitely going to get attention. Lots and lots of attention.



Chapter Four 

Torn between fear and frustration, Jo dragged her hands through her hair. She had used every free moment to check faces in the mug books or search their on-line database. Now she sat with a pounding headache. The facial features had so mixed together in her mind she was no longer sure who she was looking for.
“Hey white girl, you need a break?”
Startled, Jo jerked and found her doorway filled with a man the size of a redwood tree swinging an umbrella. Isaac Martin stood an easy 6’5” with skin as dark as midnight. A former inmate, Isaac had an icy stare that spoke louder than words and the scar that zigzagged across his cheek was a souvenir from his gang days in New York.
“Hey, Isaac, what are you doing here? Think we’re finally going to get some rain?”
He twirled the umbrella. “This is to keep the heat off of my beautiful bald head. Heard you caught a hard one last night.” Ignoring her visitor chair he perched on the corner of her desk and made the room shrink. “Wanted to see for myself you’d be doing okay.”
Jo shook her head. “Jeez – what is this, a teen hot-line? How did you find out?”
“Got a call from Hollywood. Said you’d be needing a ride to pick up your car. Knew I’d be around today.”
Jo swallowed a laugh. “You call Kate Hollywood to her face again and she’s going to hurt you.”
Isaac shrugged. “Now that would be interesting. She don’t want to be called that, she shouldn’t dress like a model on the job. That girl even makes khaki look good.”
“Hey, you hittin’ on her?”
“Me? No way. I look at another woman my Nola’s going to scratch my eyes out after she carves off another part of my anatomy -- which shall go unnamed.”
“Isaac, your wife is the sweetest person I know and she’s barely five foot.”
Isaac just shook his head. “Five feet of pure mean if she gets riled. That woman is fierce.”
Jo grinned at the thought of tough-as-nails Isaac being brought down by his tiny elf-like wife. “You are too much,” she said finally. “You here to see clients today?”
“Nah, picked up two new ones yesterday and I’m at my limit.”
Jo knew Isaac might say that, but if she or any of the other probation officers needed him, he’d somehow fit just one more on his roster. His background gave him an insight few had and he willingly accepted their roughest clients for counseling.
“Are you sure you don’t mind dropping me off to get the car?”
“At your service,” he rose from her desk.
Jo grabbed her backpack and started for the door but Isaac blocked the way.
“What?” she asked when it was clear he wasn’t moving.
He glanced over her shoulder where her phone still sat in its docking station.
“Damn.” Jo reached back and snatched it up.
“If you’d remembered that yesterday, you wouldn’t have needed to go jogging through the park.”
Jo shoved the phone in her bag. “Yeah, but then some other hapless jogger would have found the body.”
“I don’t know what it is about you Caz,” Isaac shook his head. “You’re like a trouble magnet.”
“Hey, it wasn’t my fault the car broke down.”
“Did you get the tune-up Brian suggested a few weeks ago?”
“No, but ….”
“I rest my case. Oh, and Hollywood said not to cook. She was taking care of dinner.”
“She’s coming over for dinner tonight?” Jo tried to keep the irritation out of her voice. Kate was her dearest friend but the tension headache was back and all she wanted to do was go home and crawl into bed.
“Not just dinner,” Isaac said easily. “I think she’s moving in.”
* * *
When they pulled into Sunshine's Auto, Brian wiped his hands on a rag and walked out to great them. “Glad you got the message,” he said extending his hand to Isaac. “Hey, big guy, you keeping this one in line?”
Isaac shook his head, “Naw, today I’m just the delivery service. If the car’s ready I’m going to take off.”
“The car’s ready,” Brian said easily. “But I think you should hang for a minute. Jo, you’ve got a problem.”
“It’s more than just a bad alternator like you said when you called?” She felt the fist in her head squeeze tighter.
“Well last night when it was brought in it was just the alternator, that and the battery gauge was stuck.”
“Whoa, you burning the midnight oil now?” Isaac asked.
“Customer had a vacation starting today and was leaving to go out of town. Going north to try and escape this heat. Anyway,” he turned back to Jo, “so when I finish that job, I take a peek and yep, it’s a bad alternator alright.”
“So what….”
Brian held up a hand, “Let me finish. But today when I go to replace it, what do I find?”
Jo could only shrug in question.
“I find that the brake line has come loose from its fitting.”
“Damn,” Isaac swore softly. “That’s not good.”
Jo tried to make sense of what Brian was saying. “So, can’t you fix it?”
For a moment, Brian looked offended. “Of course I can fix it. But you’re missing the bigger picture here, Jo. That brake line wasn’t loose last night or I would have noticed. There was enough time from when it came in until I popped the hood and threw her up on the lift that some of the brake fluid would have leaked out. Last night no puddle this morning; we got puddles.”
“And something like this doesn’t happen just from general wear and tear?”
“About one in a million, in my professional opinion. This happened because fingers helped it along.” Brian rubbed his thumb and forefinger together imitating loosening a screw. Both men watched the last of the color drain from her face.
“Well this sucks,” Jo took a breath. “Were you able to fix it?”
Brian nodded. “Fixed that and then went over everything again with a fine tooth comb. She’s in perfect running order now.”
“Okay,” she said slowly pulling out her credit card. “Thanks, you’re a pal.”
“Jo, I want you to know I called this in. Someone tampers with cars on my lot I gotta report it.”
“Of course,” she said after a moment of silence. “I’m still just trying to wrap my mind around this. Was my car the only one hit?”
Brian nodded. “Kenny and I went over each car on the lot and it doesn’t look like any others were tampered with. Just yours.”
She tried to smile. “Well, at least your vandal had good taste and picked the best car out here.”
Isaac snorted and Brian just shook his head. “Now the question is, was it just a random hit? Or were you a target?”
Jo signed the credit slip and tucked her card back in her wallet. “I guess time will tell.” She turned to Isaac, “Give Nola my best okay? And thanks for the ride. You’re a good friend.”
“Hey, what about me?”
“And you are a most awesome mechanic.” She turned and climbed into her car. “But I gotta get home.” Before this headache kills me, she thought, struggling to keep a smile on her face. And waving, she pulled out of the lot.
“I don’t like this,” Isaac said. “I don’t like this one little bit. So what do you really think? Random vandals?”
“Doesn’t feel random. And what vandal is going to just loosen a brake line fitting? If a vandal’s going to cause damage to mess with me they go for the splashy – break a few windows, scrape some paint. This was sneaky and only on Jo’s car. I’d bet money she was the target.”
* * *
Jo opened her front door and found two dogs and seven suitcases. “What the ... hey guys.” She bent down to pet the dogs and immediately regretted the motion as her headache went into overdrive.
Kate walked into the living room. “You look like shit.”
“And hello to you, too. I hear you’re moving in.” She looked pointedly at the suitcases stacked neatly against the wall. “Planning on staying forever?”
“Sarcasm will not make me leave. You’ve got a headache that I can see from here. Go take a shower and some aspirin then you can join me for dinner.”
“Gee, thanks Mom.”
“I’ve got pizza from Tony’s and a great burgundy.”
“Pepperoni?”
“Of course”
“Then maybe I’ll let you stay.” Dogs in tow, Jo moved to her room. “Don’t start without me.”
“Then move your ass ‘cause I’m starving.”
Later, when Jo considered reaching for a third slice, she realized her headache was finally easing off. “Look, sorry I was so bitchy when I got in.”
“You’ve had a lot happen in the last 24.”
“Yeah, but I didn’t mean to take it out on you.”
“No big. And I am staying. We dusted the note but there weren’t any prints.”
“Did you really think you’d find some?”
Kate shook her head. “No, but you have to check everything just in case. Mitch and Robbie did a canvas of the neighborhood. Talked to most of the neighbors but nobody saw or heard anything.”
Deciding against a third piece, Jo reached for her wine. “In this neighborhood everyone is asleep at three in the morning. Except these two.” Bella looked up from her place on the floor.
“You’re lucky they were here. You might have had a more aggressive visitor if they weren’t.”
“Well that’s a lovely thought,” Jo set down her wine with a jerk.
“Look, you might want to brush this off as some kid’s prank. But face it, Jo, you saw someone get killed. Now the killer knows where you live. This isn’t a game.”
“I know that. But I didn’t actually see the killing. I just found the body.” 
“But you can recognize the killer.”
“Well, technically, no.”
Kate sat back in her chair. “I thought you said….”
“What I said,” Jo interrupted, “was that I saw these two guys having a heated discussion. When I went back to look, the Hispanic guy was dead and the white guy was nowhere to be seen. Then Mitch and I drive back and the body is gone. Technically that would be all I could testify to.”
Kate nodded thoughtfully. “A lawyer might jump on that, but your killer thinks you saw more and right now he’s the one that counts. Do you still have your gun?”
Jo nodded. “It’s in the closet.”
“Then I want you to get it out and keep it with you.”
“Don’t you think that’s a little overkill?”
“Har har, and no, I don’t. This isn’t a joke and I wish you’d take it more seriously.”
Jo stopped smiling. “Look, I know it’s serious and I appreciate all you’re doing. Maybe there’s a way to flush him out. Use me as a target or something.”
“Oh yeah, like that’s going to happen. Just don’t do anything foolish and let us do our job. Oh, and since I cooked, you can do the dishes.”
Now Jo’s smile came easy. “Yes, Mom.” She split the last piece of pizza between the two dogs, gathered up their paper plates and the pizza box and put the entire mess in the trash.“There, since my chores are done can I go out and play now?Or do I have to do my homework first?” 
Kate laughed in spite of herself.“Nah, live dangerously and blow off the homework. I vote for the porch.”
“I’m with you there, bring the wine.”
The evening still carried the heat from the day but the ceiling fan stirred enough of a breeze to make the back porch restful and inviting. Jo, in her favorite tank top and shorts, rocked slowly back and forth while Kate propped her feet on the porch railing. The sun painted the night sky in vivid magenta and shades of violet before bidding the day good-bye and sinking into the horizon. 
Blitz stirred to chase a gecko that was foolish enough to race down the porch steps, but Bella stayed by Jo’s chair content to have her head scratched. “How long before the mosquitoes find us?” Kate rose to get more wine.
“A little while at least,” Jo leaned forward and frowned at the dark shadow on the railing. “How did this get so dirty?”
Kate refilled their glasses before taking her seat again. “Fingerprint dust.”
“Back here?”
Kate nodded. “I told you there were none on the note but when the team got here to check things out, Mitch noticed the grass beneath the windows was matted in places.” Watching Jo’s expression, she saw when her words kicked in.
“Son of a bitch, he was looking in my windows?”
“Looks that way. The guys dusted each windowsill but nothing came up clear. A lot of smudges though.”
“Any footprints?”
“No, but they did get a good tire track near the picnic table in the park. Tires belong to a truck.”
“Not much help there.” Jo sipped more wine.
“Not yet, but it’s these little pieces that are going to trip him up. I do have an update about your client Agatha Witmore.”
Jo sat up straighter in her chair. “Yeah?”
“She was finally sober enough for us to interview her this morning. She’s still on the short list but I don’t have evidence to charge her, so we had to let her go.”
“You really think she did him in?”
Kate shrugged. “Until I find another probable suspect, she gets my vote. The lab has concluded it was death by antifreeze.”
Jo stared into her wine. “She doesn’t have a job and I don’t see Danny as the type to have a big insurance policy, so why would she kill him now?”
“Maybe she just reached the end of her rope. You have any thoughts on that?”
“She was really agitated yesterday during our meeting. I didn’t think much about it at the time. You think she set things up and was just waiting for him to drink the stuff?”
“Going to be hard to prove if that’s what happened. When do you see her again?”
“Officially not until next month. But with Danny’s death, I think I’ll do a home visit tomorrow. No, wait, I’ve got that teacher conference tomorrow. Maybe I’ll have time after that.”
“Well, watch your back when you’re out in the field.”
Jo grinned. “If you don’t mind, I’ll watch my front as well.”
* * * 
Jo stood at the counter in the school’s office and tried not to fidget. She hated schools; they brought back so many ugly memories. You’re not here to be reprimanded, she chided herself silently. She had never really been a troublemaker, but she had never been popular either. Always on the outside looking in, but that was how she liked it, she thought. She glanced at the two sullen boys sitting against the wall. Now they look like troublemakers, and for an instant she felt sympathy and wondered what led up to their incarceration. The phone continued to ring and two women, that Jo supposed were teachers, entered the room, ignored the ringing phone, and removed papers from different slots in what was probably a makeshift mailbox.
A harried woman she took to be the secretary was chatting at the end of the counter with a mother holding a toddler.
“I can’t believe it,” the mother said. “And it’s true? He’s dead?”
The secretary nodded. “They think it was poison.”
“Oh, my gosh,” she squeezed the toddler closer despite the child’s struggles to get down. “Are the kids safe?”
“I would think so, but who really knows?” She leaned further over the counter and spoke in an exaggerated whisper. “I hear his wife did it.”
“Excuse me,” Jo broke in.
Cleary annoyed at being interrupted, the secretary turned in Jo’s direction, “Can I help you?”
“Jo Cazimer, to see Ms. Johnson.”
“Do you have an appointment?”
No, Jo thought, I’m just standing here because I have nothing better to do. She struggled to keep her voice pleasant. “Yes, Ms. Johnson is expecting me.”
The secretary turned and hit the intercom. “Ms. Johnson, your appointment is here.”
“You can send the officer back,” came the crackly voice over the intercom.
The secretary’s eyes widened. “You can go right back. Ms. Johnson is located in our portable building. If you just go out this door and around the corner you can’t miss it. Are you a police officer?”
“Not exactly,” Jo said over her shoulder. “And you really want to answer that phone.”
Jo entered the temporary building and immediately noticed the scent of disinfectant that didn’t quite cover the odor of sweaty children. Bulletin boards lined the hallway and proclaimed a welcome to the new school year, but someone had already drawn faces on some of the flowers and two sported horns and a black eye. Things never change, she thought, and wondered if the boys in the office were the culprits.
Betsy Johnson looked like a young version of someone’s grandmother, Jo thought as she approached the stern woman standing in the doorway. White hair, silky housedress, sensible shoes and a scowl. A strict grandmother, she thought. One who would smack your hand if she caught you stealing a cookie.
“Ms. Johnson?”
“Yes, and you’d be Officer Cazimer. Come in.” She gestured for Jo to follow her into the classroom. “Have a seat.”
Jo looked at the desks and chairs. “Wow, you forget that things come in this size.” She lowered herself sitting sideways as her legs wouldn’t fit under the small desk. She noted Ms. Johnson had pulled over a larger version of the desk chair for herself. Ah ha, make the suspect feel immediately uncomfortable, she thought, and shifted in her seat again.
“I had thought that our appointment was for eight o’clock. It’s now nearly ten after.”
I was here at eight, Jo wanted to say, but your front office is a madhouse. Instead she smiled easily. “Well, I’m here now so why don’t we start?”
“I don’t approve of tardiness,” Ms. Johnson said tightly. “In children or adults.”
“Neither do I. I understand from our discussion on the phone the other day that Christian Witmore is having some problems?”
Johnson huffed out a breath. “With parents like that how can you expect anything less? And now his father went and got himself killed.”
Jo could hear the silent tsk tsk, “Well I’m sure he didn’t plan on it.”
Ms. Johnson leaned closer. “They say it was poison.”
“The Medical Examiner has yet to determine the exact cause of death,” Jo said easily. “Do you think Christian’s behavior is the result of his parents current issues?”
“Well, what else? His mother is worthless and his father is a bully.”
“Then you’ve met both his parents?”
“I certainly have,” she drew herself straighter in the chair. “I make it my business to get to know the parents of each of my students.”
“Wow, that’s really impressive since school’s only been in session, what, a little over a week?”
“I don’t believe in procrastination, Officer. Christian was in my class two days before I called his parents for a conference. I require both parents to come when I have a student like him.”
“Okay, I’ve got to ask, what did he do?”
“Do?”
“Yes, what did Christian do to get on the wrong track so early in the year?”
“He didn’t do anything.” Johnson huffed again. “I could tell by just looking at him that he was going to be trouble and I informed his parents as such.”
“You just looked at him?”
“Officer, I am a trained educator. I know a troublemaker when I see one, and I will not have someone disrupt my class.”
“But when you called his parents had he been disruptive?”
“Not then, but it was just a matter of time.”
“I see,” Jo said softly. 
“I knew you would. After all, we are alike you and I.”
“How so?”
“We both deal with the criminal element.”
“Ahh, but I thought you dealt with children.”
“It’s just a matter of time,” Johnson shook her head. “Just a matter of time.”
Ten minutes later Jo found herself ushered from the room. She might have protested but she was as anxious to be out of that classroom as Ms. Johnson was to get back to her schedule. What a bitch, she thought. Those poor kids. There ought to be some type of screening process so someone like Johnson couldn’t affect the lives of so many. And she had sure butted heads with Danny Witmore. Jo shivered despite the heat. She had had it rough in school, but Johnson took the cake. She mentally ran through her options and wondered if she could find the right counselor for Christian. It was clear the little guy was going to need some support to get through all this. Now, she thought, let’s go find Aggie.



Chapter Five

Julie sat with Nicole and Willow in the food court of the Florida Mall. The aroma of cinnamon buns from Cinnzeo filled the air and Julie tried to ignore the rumbling in her stomach. If she was going to date Marques Brown she couldn’t turn into a cinnamon pig. Still the scent was driving her crazy. She wished Willow would finish her nachos so they could leave. This whole expedition had turned into a nightmare.
She’d been thrilled when Nicole had asked her to join them on an after school shopping spree and she wanted to look for a new outfit for the upcoming game. She had Mom’s credit card with strict instructions of how much she could spend and she already had her eye on a new Michael Kors off-the-shoulder blouse from Nordstrom. It had been fun getting sprayed with the new Taylor Swift scent but then she had seen Willow trying on scarves. The sales woman pulled several from under the counter when Willow set her pink coach bag on the glass. But when Nicole had asked for help further down the counter, Julie watched in stunned silence as Willow slipped two of the scarves from the pile into her purse.
The shopping had continued with Nicole taking earrings from Claire’s Boutique and a red lace bra from Victoria’s Secret. Now Julie wanted nothing more than to be gone. She had a terrible premonition that they were going to make her go next. She had swiped some candy once at the grocery store when she was younger. The open bins for patrons to select their own were just too inviting and when her mom had given her a nickel, she had taken the candy but put the nickel in her pocket. But that wasn’t the same thing, was it? Still wrestling with her dilemma, she was startled when Willow bumped her shoulder and gestured, “There’s slutty Sherry. You want to stay away from that one.”
“Why?”
Sherry’s dark blond hair was pulled back in a messy ponytail. Earrings dangled to her bare shoulders and her eye makeup was just short of Goth.
“Because she comes from the wrong side of town,” Nicole said haughtily. “Her mother is having an affair with the clerk at the hardware store and everybody knows about it.”
“But what about her dad?” Julie felt her sympathy stir. Then Sherry saw them and made a beeline for the table.
“Oh no,” Nicole rolled her eyes and Willow sat a little straighter but Sherry plopped down in the empty chair.
“Did you hear?” her excitement evident Sherry missed or ignored the cold looks in her direction. “I mean I was in the office when he saw it. And the man flipped out. I thought he was going to have a stroke or something the way his face got all red. You should have been there,” she laughed.
Nicole gave her a bored look, “Sherry, what are you talking about?” 
Sherry’s face glowed with excitement. She knew something Miss Smarty Pants Nicole didn’t know. “Well,” she leaned in. “Didn’t you hear all the commotion in the office this afternoon?”
“And…,” Willow prompted.
Delighted to finally be the center of attention, Sherry exchanged a conspiratorial look with Julie. “I thought everyone knew by now.” She missed the way Nicole’s eyes narrowed. “He’s going to be fired! Isn’t that awesome!”
“Who’s going to be fired?” Julie asked.
“Principal Bradshaw!”
“What?” Now Willow leaned in closer. “How did you hear all this?”
“I work in the office, remember,” she said proudly. “Part of my work study program. So I was helping with the files when Bradshaw comes rushing out of the office clutching the newspaper and demanding to know what was going on and who knew what. It was priceless! Ms. Dunn even started to cry.”
Julie frowned, “Ms. Dunn? Isn’t she the one with the reddish hair that’s always flopping in her eyes?”
Sherry nodded and popped her gum. “I think she has a crush on Mr. Bradshaw. She’s always mooning over him. I mean ick!”
“But isn’t Principal Bradshaw married?” Julie asked.
“Marriage doesn’t mean much to some people,” Nicole’s laser eyes focused on Sherry. “Some people think it’s okay to steal another woman’s man.”
If Sherry caught the dig she chose to ignore it. “He said if the board wanted him gone he wasn’t going to wait around. He was going to quit.”
“What?” Julie sputtered as her coke fizzed up her nose.
“Interesting,” Nicole gave Julie a questioning glance. “Wonder if we’ll get someone that’s as big a jerk as he is.”
Sherry beamed. “He said he wasn’t going to wait around and be humiliated when they fired him. I tell you I could have sold tickets. The secretaries were all talking at once saying they hadn’t heard anything.”
“But you said he was going to quit?” Julie asked quietly.
Sherry nodded. “I wonder if he’ll be in on Monday.”
“I guess we’ll just have to wait and see,” Nicole’s smile grew as she stared at Julie. “We’ll just have to wait and see.”
“And I’ll have a front row seat,” Sherry gloated. She turned to Julie. “I hear you’re dating Marques Brown now.”
“Well…” Julie stammered and felt her cheeks growing red. “We haven’t actually been on a date yet.”
“But he did ask you to the football game this Friday,” Willow stated.
“Ah yes, um, who are you going with?”
Sherry’s eyes turned sly. “I’ve got a new guy. An older guy.”
“Obviously not from around here,” Nicole said dryly and exchanged a look with Willow.
“So are you bringing him to the game?” Julie asked.
Sherry shook her head but her smile only grew. “High school games are passé now. I’m dating a man not a boy.” She tried to pull off the haughty look Nicole so often aimed in her direction. “He’s way more mature than the guys at school and way more handsome,” she sighed. “Want to see?” She pulled out her wallet and flipped it open.
“Wow, he does look older,” Julie’s voice held surprise.
“It’s not a very good picture,” Willow said as she stared at the photo.
“I took it with my phone when he wasn’t looking.” Sherry looked down at the picture and sighed again.
“So where did you meet this Prince Charming?” Nicole asked, not bothering to glance at the photo.
“On the Internet,” Sherry’s eyes went dreamy. “He writes me poems. He thinks I’m beautiful.”
“Have you met in person yet?” Nicole challenged.
Sherry sat up straight. “Of course we have. We went out last Friday night.”
“Where did you go?” Julie leaned forward eager to learn where the kids here went for dates.
Sherry squirmed in her seat. She wasn’t about to tell them she’d snuck out of the house and met him at the Night Owl Bar. “Oh, gosh, sorry,” she looked at her watch. “Gotta go. I’ll keep you up to date with what happens on Monday.”
“Yeah, you do that,” Nicole said to her retreating back.
“Well it’s nice she has a new guy,” Julie ventured.
“And if her new guy is as old as she says, he has jail bate,” Willow stated. “Sherry isn’t sixteen yet.”
“But she’s a junior.” Julie looked from one to the other.
“She’s supposed to be smart or something,” Nicole said in a bored voice. “But if you ask me, she’s pretty dumb. And now,” she said with a wicked smile, “I think it’s time to do a little more, ah, shopping.
* * *
She was late getting home but that was the least of her problems. Julie hurried to her bedroom and shoved the shopping bags into her closet grateful that Mom was distracted by her phone call. But it wouldn’t be long; she knew that her mother would come back to her room if she didn’t get back out to the kitchen. Retrieving the credit card from her wallet she made a mad dash for the kitchen.
Her mother hung up the phone as she walked in. “Did you have a nice time?” 
Julie smiled and started getting the dishes from the cabinet for dinner. “Super. I put your credit card on the counter,” she gestured. She watched her mother return the card to her own purse.
“Did you stay within our budget discussion?” 
“I just bought a blouse to go with that brown skirt you made me.”
“That’s my girl.” Mrs. Finch gave her daughter an absent hug then turned to the ringing phone. “I swear I’m never volunteering to chair a committee again. Hello?” She rolled her eyes and gestured toward the meatloaf sitting on the stovetop. “Go ahead without me,” she whispered, her hand over the receiver. “This is going to take a while.”
Glad for the reprieve, Julie filled her plate and left for her room. Dear Lord what was she going to do? Her mother had been so firm about how much she could charge. And the blouse was just a little over her limit. Okay, she thought, it was double what she’d been told she could spend but it was going to be perfect for the game. And then there were the sunglasses. She sat at her desk, appetite gone and toyed with the food on her plate.
They had returned to Nordstrom’s again, this time for sunglasses. Nicole had assured her they would be the easiest things to take. She’d dutifully engaged the saleswoman and tried on several pairs trying not to gasp at the price tickets. Who knew Tom Ford sunglasses could cost over $300? She selected a pair by Givenchy and was admiring them in the mirror when Nicole and Willow called the woman to the opposite end of the counter. She knew she was supposed to slip a pair into her open purse that sat on the chair beside her but she just couldn’t do it. Her hand hesitated by her purse just long enough to have the sales woman hurrying back to her, an accusation ready in her eyes. In the end she’d handed over her mom’s credit card and paid nearly $400 for sunglasses. And since the clerk had asked for identification all she could think was how lucky she was that she and Mom shared the same name and that Mom hadn’t signed the card.
Julie pulled the sunglasses from the case the sales clerk had provided at no charge, ha ha, and wondered why anyone would want to pay so much for something they were probably going to lose anyway. I’m dead, she thought miserably. She tried the glasses on and surveyed herself in the mirror. They were really great glasses. She gently placed them back in the case and pulled the blouse from the bag in the closet. Slipping her shirt off she pulled the blouse over her head and turned back to the mirror. The tangerine color made her skin glow and the off the shoulder style was sexy but wouldn’t make Mom crazy. Until she looked at the price tag, she thought. Quickly she cut the tag off the garment then snipped it into a dozen small pieces. Destroy the evidence. She carefully removed the blouse and hung it in her closet. Flopping down on her bed she stared at the ceiling and tried to figure out how she was going to get permission to go back to the mall so she could return the sunglasses before her mom found out.
* * *
Sherry Roberts sat at the small student desk she pretended was a vanity. She’d been so excited when Ma had picked it up at one of the school’s discarded furniture sales. Of course she’d been in second grade then and it was way too big for her, but that only made her feel more grown up.
Now she’d die if any of her friends saw it. Even with the purple remnant she’d tossed over it you could still tell it was a wooden student desk. Sherry looked around her room. Who was she kidding? Her single bed with its saggy mattress wore a faded spread and was home to the yellow and red stuffed parrot she’d won at the carnival when she was nine. Her desk or pretend vanity, and a folding metal chair completed her vast collection of furniture. Ma had tried to make curtains, but the bunny fabric had long since faded and hung limply at the window with one side a good three inches longer than the other. Ma never could sew, she thought. And her attempts at home decorating were feeble at best. She could hear her mother’s equally feeble attempts at cooking from the pots and pans that banged in the kitchen. God but she hated this house with its walls so thin you could hear someone fart in the next room. She hated this house, this town, her life.
Grabbing her mascara, she added another coat to her already dark lashes. Well not for long, she thought popping her gum. If she played her cards right, she could leave this dump and for good.
Sherry heard the front door slam and groaned. He was home. Mentally she counted – she hadn’t even reached ten before the shouting started. She checked her watch, newly acquired from the dollar store where the clerk assured her it could pass for a Rolex. She knew the sales pitch was a load of crap but it did look pretty and made her wrist look slim. Three more hours she thought. Just let me stand this for three more hours. By then the old man would be passed out in front of the TV with his scotch and Ma would have snuck out to meet her ‘friend’. Three more hours and I can make my exit, she thought. She raised her window while her parents continued to scream. With all their shouting, no one would notice the loud squeak the window made, but later when the house was quiet, the sound would be loud enough to wake the dead.
She sat down again and reached for her eyeliner. That stuck up Nicole and her gang would be hanging on the phone gossiping about who was going with whom to tomorrow night’s football game. What babies, she thought, and wondered if she dared sneak a smoke. Ma wouldn’t notice, but lately the old man was really becoming a drag. Better not chance it, she thought, fussing with her hair. Ricky had said he loved the way it tumbled about her face. She hadn’t told him it was because the rubber band from her ponytail had broken. She sighed and, reaching for her stuffed parrot, hugged it close. Tonight Ricky had promised to take her to his favorite bar. She checked her watch again and smiled. Nicole and her snobby friends would be doing homework and she, Sherry Roberts from the wrong side of town, would be in a real bar, on a real date, with a real man. She checked her watch again – just a few more hours.
* * *
Jo smiled as she got out of her car and watched Kate pull in behind her. “Hey, girlfriend, you following me?” she called.
Kate just rolled her eyes. “You get my message?”
Jo held up the take out bags from the Golden Wok. “Dinner is served.” Then she frowned when Kate pulled an animal carrier from her car. “Is that what I think it is?”
Kate hefted the cage and started toward the house. “Not a what but a who. And yes, it’s Midnight.” With that, the cat let out a disgruntled yowl that was instantly met with barking from inside the house.
“This is going to be fun,” Jo said sarcastically. “My dogs and your cat.”
“You don’t have to worry,” Kate said as Jo opened the door. “I’ve had a long talk with her and she knows we’re visiting, so she’ll be on her best behavior.”
Jo held the take-out bags with one hand and greeted her dogs with the other. “We’ve got company,” she stated dryly.
Kate put down the cage and greeted both dogs. “Now listen,” she said sternly. “We are all going to get along okay.” Blitz yipped in agreement while Bella just sat and watched warily as Kate opened the cage and Midnight strutted out. The long-haired Persian took one look at the dogs, arched her back and hissed. Bella backed up and Blitz raced into the kitchen to protect his dinner bowl. “See,” Kate said, “I knew this would work.”
Surprisingly, it did. Midnight claimed a perch on top of the piano in the living room, Bella stayed at Jo’s side and Blitz stuck to the kitchen guarding the food. When dinner was over and the leftovers stored in the refrigerator, Kate and Jo retreated to the back porch.
“I never did meet with Aggie,” Jo said taking her favorite rocker. “You still have the house sealed off as a crime scene, so I went to the hotel where she was supposed to be staying but she wasn’t there. Is she still on the top of your list?”
“I don’t know,” Kate sighed. “We searched the house, went through the trash and still found nothing. I hate thinking she could get away with this.”
“You’re positive it was her?”
“I don’t have any other leads.” Kate stared at her wine. “But something’s going on ‘cause every time I try to talk to the kid he clams up. I think he knows something.”
“Do you think he saw her put something in the drink?”
“That’s the thing that keeps bugging me. When we had Aggie in interview she kept insisting that wasn’t Danny’s drink. Said he only drank Power-up. We only found one bottle of Replenish and all the rest were Power-up. Something doesn’t make sense.”
“If it was Aggie, and she wanted to be done with him, why wouldn’t she just put the poison in the brand he usually used?”
Kate shook her head. “I don’t know. But something just doesn’t feel right.”
“Do you think she switched so he would notice the drink tasted different?”
“Could be, yeah, that makes sense. If his regular drink suddenly tasted different he might not finish it. But she was adamant she’d never bought that brand.” Kate sighed, “Will you have time to see her tomorrow?”
Jo tossed a ball for Blitz who dashed off the porch after it. “As much as I’d like to, I’m booked solid tomorrow. Rhonda’s out and I’m taking her cases as well as my own.”
“She okay?”
“Yeah, she’s going to a Federal Department of Law Enforcement meeting in Tampa. She’s driving down and she’ll be back on Monday, so tomorrow is the only day I’ve got double duty.”
Kate worked at not letting her relief show. If Jo were tied to the office all day then she wouldn’t be out in the field where some crazy killer could make an easy target of her. “I guess you didn’t have any luck finding the ID of the guy you saw in the park.”
“No, I got to the school first thing. Had an appointment with Christian’s teacher. Whew,” Jo grimaced. “That woman is a bitch.”
“You don’t like any teachers.”
“True, but she was awful. Looks sweet as pie – like your favorite grandmother. Then she opens her mouth and you want to crawl in a hole. I tell you she gave me the creeps.”
“Made you feel like you forgot your homework?”
“And then some. Made me really glad I’m not in school any more. Heck, that woman even said, ‘Thank you.’ in an admonishing way.” Jo shuddered. “So what’s your next step?”
“With Aggie or your missing body?”
“Either.”
“We’ll start digging into Danny’s financials and see if anything pops there. Something doesn’t sit right. Aggie told me she drove clear across town to make a bank deposit when she had to pass two closer branches to do it.”
“Did you call her on it?”
Kate nodded and propped her feet on the porch railing. “Yeah, she said that’s where Danny told her to go. Said she wasn’t allowed to use the other two branches ‘cause they weren’t as good.”
“And she bought that crap?”
“Evidently. Danny was the puppet master and really pulled all the strings. So tomorrow I’m going to take his picture to the two branches she wasn’t allowed to go to and see if I can find the missing pieces to this puzzle.”
“Then what?” Jo prodded.
“Then I toss all the facts up in the air and try to look at them from a different angle until I can see the whole picture. Someone wanted Danny Witmore gone and picked a very nasty way to do it.”
“Poison, not a nice way to go.”
“No way is a good way to die,” Kate said flatly. “But according to the M.E. this morning, Danny’s way was extremely painful. Someone not only wanted him dead, but wanted him to suffer in the process.
* * *
Friday evening Julie floated through the front door to find her mother still up and watching TV.
“How was the game?”
“We won!” She did a victory dance then leaned down to kiss her mother goodnight.
“And how was your date with Marques?”
“Wonderful,” Julie sighed dropping down into an easy chair. “His brother is on the football team and he scored the winning touchdown.”
“Marques has a brother who’s a senior, too?”
“No, Nigel is only a junior.” Julie rose to sway round the room. “Marques said Nigel was the only junior on the team to make first string. He’s a wide receiver,” she recited. “Just like, um, Lynn Swann.”
Her mother smiled taking in her daughter’s flushed and dreamy expression. “And since when do you know football facts?”
“Marques told me,” Julie continued, flopping back down on the couch. “He knows everything. And you should have seen him run.”
“Marques?”
“No Mom, pay attention. Nigel was in the game, not Marques. And when he took off the other team couldn’t touch him.”
“Then Marques must be very proud.”
He hugged me, Julie thought, grabbing a throw pillow and hugging it to her chest. They had all been on their feet screaming as Nigel had run down the field. And when he had crossed the goal line Marques had grabbed her in a rocking bear hug. She closed her eyes to savor the moment again.
“Julie?”
At the snap in her mother’s voice, Julie’s eyes flew open. “I’m sorry, what did you say?”
“I said Marques must be very proud. What sport does he play?”
“Marques isn’t into sports,” Julie’s eyes went dreamy again. “He’s a musician. He’s first chair sax in the Jazz Band this year.”
“A musician.” The tone of her mother’s voice brought Julie back to earth with a jolt. “He’s not like Dad, Mom, he’s not.”
“And you know this from just one date? I thought we had talked about this.”
“He has great grades and he has a part-time job.”
“Uh huh, and just where does he work?”
“At the music store,” Julie said quietly.
“A musician,” Her mother’s voice had gone cold and bitter.
Julie set the pillow back on the couch. “I’m tired Mom, I’m going to bed.” She got up quickly and leaned over to give her mother another kiss. “Goodnight.”
“We’re going to talk about this more tomorrow,” her mother called as she left the room.
Julie quickly made her way to her bedroom and closed the door. What was she thinking? She never should have mentioned the Jazz Band. Ever since Dad… well, she wasn’t going to think about that now. She sat at her vanity and gasped. The sunglasses were sitting in plain sight. Had she left them there? She was sure she’d tucked them away in the drawer. Or had she gotten them out to see how they’d look with her new outfit? Grabbing the glasses case, she quickly stuffed them in her makeup drawer. Her terrific mood now completely deflated, she stared at the mirror. Now she had three problems. Get the glasses back to the store, find a way to earn money to make up for the extra she spent on the blouse, and convince her mother all musicians were not like her father. She stood and swayed before the mirror. But, darn, she did look good. And tonight Marques had said she looked pretty. With a smile, Julie pulled off her clothes, dropped them on the floor and crawled into bed to dream. But her dreams turned to nightmares as Principal Bradshaw stood on the counter of the office and threatened to quit, and her mom opened the Visa bill and saw the true price of the blouse and those dratted sunglasses.
The next morning came all too soon as Mrs. Finch rapped smartly on Julie’s door. “Julie, you’ve got to get up now! I’ve been calling you for the last five minutes!”
Julie hugged the pillow more tightly to her chest and mumbled, “I’m up.”
Her mother stepped into the room and yanked the covers. “I said you have to get up now. I’ve got to leave soon.”
As the tone of her mother’s voice finally broke through, Julie sat up and stared at her mother. “I’m up,” she said groggily. Glancing at the clock she groaned. “Jeez, Mom, it’s not even 8:30!”
“And you’ve got a lot to do today. Come on you’re going to be late.”
Julie stumbled out of bed and gave her mother a bleary stare. “Late for what?”
“Come into the kitchen,” Mrs. Finch said leaving the room. “I’ve got your breakfast started.”
“Late for what?” Julie mumbled as she made her way to the bathroom. She entered the kitchen clad in her favorite purple robe and still thinking of Marques.
“Sit and eat,” her mother said, setting a plate of runny eggs in front of her.
“Mom,” she groaned, “you know I don’t like eggs this way.” She stood up and put her entire plate in the microwave. “And it’s Saturday. Why did I have to get up this early on a Saturday?”
Her mother rinsed her coffee cup and placed it in the sink. “Because you volunteered to help at the animal shelter, remember? I’m going to be out all day working on the charity fundraiser so you’re going to have to do a few more chores around the house.”
Julie pulled her plate from the microwave and sat back at the table. “If you’re going to be out, how am I getting to the shelter?”
“Mary Fitzpatrick is picking me up so you can have the car.”
Julie sat up straighter as her mind started to kick into gear. “Really? How long will you be gone?”
“Most of the day. Now, you’re to come straight home after the shelter. No driving around to who knows where.”
“But, Mom.”
“No buts. You were just at the mall two days ago so there is no reason for you to go back. Besides, I don’t want you hanging around there. The news last night said there was a big problem with teens shoplifting and I don’t want you to be anywhere near there.”
“Mom, not every kid that goes to the mall shoplifts,” …just the ones I know, she thought miserably.
“No, that’s the end of this discussion. I’ve left a list of things I need you to do today and that should keep you busy enough after you get back from the shelter.”
A horn sounded and Mrs. Finch grabbed her purse. Blowing Julie a kiss, she headed for the door. “Remember,” she called, “come straight home after the shelter.”
“Sure, Mom,” Julie mumbled as the door closed. Rising, she dumped her now rubber eggs into the trash and went to the refrigerator for a Pepsi. Popping the top she picked up the list her mom had dropped on the table. Empty the dishwasher, change the sheets on her bed, vacuum the living room…. Jeez, she thought, now I’m the maid. Grabbing a handful of cookies to go with the soda, Julie walked back to her room. She had to be at the shelter for four hours, but if mom was really going to be gone all day… she began to smile. This could be the answer to her prayers. She’d finish at the shelter and then just stop by the mall to return the sunglasses. Stopping by wasn’t like hanging out, she reasoned. Besides Mom would never know. She carefully tucked the receipt for the sunglasses into her purse. Yes, she thought, dressing in her favorite tank and shorts, things were really looking up.



Chapter Six

Jo rinsed her cereal bowl and put it in the dishwasher as Kate walked into the kitchen. “I thought you were off this weekend.”
Kate poured herself a cup of coffee and leaned against the counter. Her black hair was artfully curled while her khaki slacks held a perfect crease. Her stylish white top would have pegged her for a model going to a shoot until you noticed the gun hooked to her belt. “I’m putting in some unscheduled overtime today. You hear the weather report?” She took in Jo’s cutoff jeans and sleeveless tee. 
“Sun, sun, and more sun. Predictions of reaching the high 90s by noon and 100 by early evening.”
“Damn,” Kate swore softly and put Midnight’s cat food on the opposite side of the kitchen from the dog bowls. “No chance of rain?”
“Nope, just another day in paradise.”
“I guess there’s no chance you’d stay home today and hang around the house?”
“Nah. The animal shelter is at its capacity and they really need a hand. I told them I’d volunteer today.”
“I guess that’s better than wandering in the woods taking pictures.”
“Besides,” Jo grinned, “who’d think to look for me there?”
Kate shook her head. “Yeah, tucked in among the mongrels, you’ll fit right in.” She waited while Jo shook with laughter. “Seriously, Jo, you’ve got to be careful.”
“Seriously, Kate, I plan to.” 
* * *
The enjoyment of driving with the top down ended the minute Jo stepped out of the car. The temperature had continued to rise as predicted and heat waves radiated up from the black asphalt parking lot. Walking quickly so her shoes wouldn’t stick, Jo hustled to the door.
She suffered through the required volunteer instruction period then was paired with a woman named Sylvia and a teen named Julie to help wash the dogs. Sylvia, an attractive woman who appeared to be in her early forties introduced herself and motioned for Jo and Julie to follow her toward the back. By the time they were washing the third dog, Jo was wondering if Sylvia was ever going to shut up. The woman had an opinion on everything, from the right way to hold the hose so you didn’t startle the animal, to how to best untangle matted hair. By the fifth dog, Jo knew Sylvia was divorced for the second time but seriously dating a man she considered Mister Right, had three grown kids from her first marriage and wondered if they would ever leave home so she could get her sex life back on track. If it hadn’t been for Sylvia’s constant chatter, Jo would have thought them a perfect team. Julie was good with the dogs but never said a word, not that Sylvia gave anyone a chance. As Jo returned a sheltie to his now--cleaned cage and went for the bulldog, she wondered if Sarah, the shelter’s director, had any earplugs. The constant barking of the dogs had never affected her but Sylvia’s voice was really giving her a headache. They were into the third hour of washing when Jo tuned back in and learned that Sylvia was the manager of a pet store.
“So what kind of animals do you carry?” Jo asked, glad to have something to say more than mm-hmm.
“We pretty much carry everything, but we specialize in the exotic.”
“Wow, snakes and stuff.”
“Ick,” Julie grimaced.
“Yeah, we have snakes and all sorts of reptiles. But we carry bunnies and kittens too.”
“Food for the reptiles?” Jo quipped.
Julie unsuccessfully tried to stop a giggle.
At Sylvia’s startled expression, Jo grinned. “Just kidding.”
“Well I should hope so,” Sylvia huffed. “That wasn’t funny.”
“Sorry,” Jo tried to look sheepish. “Wait, did you hear the one about the Energizer Bunny?”
At Sylvia’s blank stare Jo continued. “It got arrested for battery!”
This time Julie laughed right out loud and she and Jo shared a grin.
“You two have a very strange sense of humor,” Sylvia said stiffly.
“Look, I am sorry if I offended you. You have an easy way with the dogs. I guess it comes from dealing with animals all day.”
Sylvia smiled and her shoulders began to relax. “No, I’m sorry I overreacted. Are either of you interested in anything in particular?”
Julie instantly shook her head no. Jo thought for a moment and her hesitation gave the collie a chance to shake vigorously giving them all a shower. Sylvia just shook her head and wiped the water from her face with her arm.
“I guess a parrot,” Jo said finally wiping the drips with the bottom of her shirt. “I’ve always wanted a talking parrot like you see in those pirate movies.”
Sylvia rolled her eyes. “If you want a parrot that talks then you want an African Gray, they make the best talkers but….”
“But what?”
“Well to get a parrot to talk,” she continued, “you need to talk to them constantly and face it you don’t talk very much. I don’t think you’d have much luck in that department.”
Julie giggled again, and Sylvia gave her a puzzled glance.
“Now, if you want a different bird,” she continued, “maybe you’d like a nice macaw. They can be really beautiful.”
Jo grinned and wondered what her colleagues would say if they heard Sylvia’s assessment of her. And she wondered if she should mention that with Sylvia’s constant chatter, one had a difficult time getting a word in.
“But if I wanted a talking parrot, you could get one for me?”
Sylvia nodded. “It would probably take a week or two but, yes we could do that for you.”
“Wow, that’s really something!” 
Sylvia shrugged. “It’s called business.” When their four-hour shift was over, Sylvia handed Jo her card. “So look, do you really want me to start the works for an African Gray?”
Jo looked down at the card then stuffed it in her pocket. “Nah, not right now. Let me think about it a little more. What would something like that run me?”
“If you go to another shop, probably about three. But if you come to us, I could probably do it for a little more than two.”
“Two hundred?” Jo and Julie both squeaked in surprise.
“Get real,” Sylvia huffed. “Two thousand and that would be a steal.”
“Two thousand dollars for a bird?”
“Birds cost that much money?” Julie gasped.
Sylvia just stared and said nothing.
“Wow,” Jo shook her head. “I had no idea they were so expensive.”
“Well, it’s not like you’re buying a kitten from the pound.” Sylvia’s voice had turned haughty. “These are exotic animals and often very rare.”
“Jeez, the things you learn. Two thousand dollars for a bird.”
“Not just any bird,” Sylvia qualified, “an African Gray. “You’d pay more if you went elsewhere.”
Jo patted her pocket where she’d shoved Sylvia’s card. “Well, if I decide to get one, you’ll be the first person I call.”
When they finished, Jo turned to Julie. “You did a great job today.”
“Um, thanks.” Eager to get away, Julie pulled her sunglasses from her purse. Washing the dogs had been fun, but she was on a mission and time was getting short.
“Nice kid,” Jo said as they watched Julie rush to her car. “She was a good worker.”
“Surprising though,” Sylvia stated. “Usually her kind doesn’t go in for this kind of thing.”
“Her kind?” Jo felt her hackles rise. She hadn’t pegged Sylvia for being prejudiced.
“Yeah, kids with too much money.”
“Oh? How do you know she comes from money? The kid certainly wasn’t dressed for success.”
“Didn’t you see her sunglasses?”
“I saw she had sunglasses. What’s the big deal?”
“Givenchy glasses,” Sylvia said. “Didn’t you see the logo?”
“I guess I didn’t notice.”
“Those glasses were Givenchy’s latest style and they cost about $400.”
“For sunglasses?”
“Exactly,” Sylvia stated. “Any teen that can wear a pair of $400 sunglasses comes from money.”
Or has taken advantage of a five-finger discount, Jo thought sadly as she watched Julie’s car exit the parking lot. Her cell phone rang and, waving good-bye to Sylvia, Jo turned back toward her car and pulled the phone from her jeans pocket. The readout identified her next-door neighbor.
“Hey, Mrs. Grant, what’s up?”
“Well, Jo, I hate to bother you.”
“It’s no bother,” she gave Sylvia a parting glance then leaned against her car only to jerk away as the hot metal burned through her jeans.
“Well, Jo, your dogs are really carrying on.”
Jo closed her eyes and thought of Midnight. “I’m really sorry if they’re disturbing you, Mrs. G.”
“They’re usually so quiet,” the elderly woman continued. “That’s why I was so surprised when they started up.”
Jo wondered if Midnight decided to sample some of Blitz’s dog food.
“It was about a half an hour ago, right after the truck was in front of the house that they started. Made me look out the window. I figured one of your friends was dropping over, and the dogs were just letting them know you weren’t home like they usually do. But when the barking didn’t stop….”
Jo straightened and grabbed the towel she had draped over the steering wheel to open the car door. “You said a truck was parked in front of my house?” Awkwardly she spread the towel on the leather seat of the car and gingerly eased in. Turning the key she switched the phone to Bluetooth. 
“Well, yes, when I heard the barking I looked outside and saw the truck. I didn’t think much about it but when the dogs didn’t stop barking after a while I looked again. The truck was gone but the dogs haven’t stopped. Do you want me to go next door and check things out for you?”
“No, that’s okay. I’m actually on my way home now.”
“I’m really sorry to have bothered you, Jo. But your dogs just never act like this and it made me wonder if everything was alright. Are you sure you don’t want me to check things for you? I really don’t mind.”
“No, but thanks, Mrs. G. Like I said, I’m on my way home now. Kate is staying with me for a few days and yesterday she decided to bring her cat over. The cat probably just strayed too close to the dogs' dinner bowls.”
“Well, if you’re sure,” Mrs. G hesitated. “You’re probably right, so again, I’m sorry I bothered you.”
“It’s okay, Mrs. G.” Jo pulled out of the parking lot and struggled not to speed. “I really appreciate you looking out for us.”
“Well, Jo, that’s what neighbors are for. You call me if you need anything or if you change your mind about me going over.”
“Thanks, Mrs. G.” Jo hung up and concentrated on the traffic. It was probably just the cat irritating the dogs, she reasoned. But in her gut she knew her dogs and something was really wrong.
She heard the frantic barking from down the street. No wonder Mrs. G had called her-- the racket was worse than the dog shelter. Jo pulled into the driveway and was out of the car in a flash. This barking wasn’t dogs chasing cats something was seriously wrong. But when she opened her front door the sight before her made her freeze in her tracks.
Blitz was perched on the top of the piano, Bella stood on the sofa, and the largest snake she had ever seen was undulating across her living room floor staring up at Blitz. Brown blotches ringed in black, patterned down the snake’s back and its body was thicker than her arm. Afraid her dogs would jump at seeing her, she immediately gave the hand signal for silence and thankfully both dogs obeyed. Bella emitted a pitiful whine as she looked at Jo but Jo just shook her head and Bella went still. 
Taking her phone from her pocket, Jo dialed 911. “I need Animal Control and the police.” She tried to keep her voice steady as much to reassure the dogs as herself. “There is a really big snake in my living room and he didn’t get here by himself.” She identified herself and gave the address and continued to stand in the doorway to wait. For a moment she contemplated grabbing the snake’s tail and trying to pull it from the house, but if it turned on her and got outside, she might not be able to contain it. The snake started to coil near the piano and Bella whined again. Not sure of the snake’s striking distance Jo felt her heart begin to race even faster. If the snake lunged and grabbed Blitz with its strong jaws it would wrap its body around the dog and smother it. At that point Jo knew there would be nothing she could do. Her hand signal stopped Bella’s whine and slowly Jo reached for a book on the shelf beside her and tossed it at the snake’s tail. The snake instantly swung in her direction. With her heart beating in her throat, Jo stood motionless and hoped her posture would help her dogs to hold. 
Later, in what seemed like a lifetime, Animal Control pulled the snake from her living room. All the neighbors had gathered on the street to watch and Jo prayed that the TV crew wasn’t going to show up.
“That is some big snake,” Mrs. G said, putting her arm around Jo. They stood to the side of the front lawn under the shade of the palm tree. “No wonder the dogs were upset.” As soon as the snake had been removed, Blitz had run into the kitchen to check on his food and Bella hadn’t left Jo’s side. Jo could still feel the dog’s tremors as she leaned against her leg.
When the snake was stretched on the lawn it took three men to contain it. “It’s measuring ten feet long,” one called. Then they were shifting the snake head-first into a sack.
“Heavy sucker,” another called as they struggled with the coils. One of the officers walked over to where Jo stood with Mrs. G.
“You have a Burmese Python there,” he said, looking at Jo. “I take it it’s not yours?”
Jo shook her head and struggled to keep her breath even as Blitz materialized at her other side and leaned in. “It’s not mine. My neighbor,” she gestured toward Mrs. G, “called me because my dogs were barking. When I got home I found that thing coiled on the floor. I wasn’t sure I could get it out on my own so I called you.”
“Well you did right,” he said adding notes to his pad. “Close as I can tell that was about an 80 pounder.”
“Oh my,” Mrs. G gasped.
“Yeah, you’re lucky you got home when you did,” he continued. “Burmese Pythons are indiscriminate eaters and this one is hungry. It would have gotten both your dogs without a doubt.”
Jo reached down to stroke Bella’s head. “Even a dog this size?”
The officer nodded. “These snakes can take down a small deer. Saw one try to crush a 400 pound alligator once. But that turned out to be a draw.”
Jo felt her stomach begin to roll at the thought.
“But I still don’t understand how it got in the house,” Mrs. G said. “I mean we live on a lake and you expect to see a gator or two now and again, but a snake that size? Did it go through the doggie door in the back?”
“I don’t think so. Did you know you have a broken window?” the officer looked at Jo. When she said nothing, he continued. “On the other side of the house,” he gestured.
Jo shook her head again and continued to stroke the still trembling dog. 
“Well, someone removed the screen and broke your window. The snake was most likely in a sack when it was tossed through. We found a large canvas laundry bag on the floor half under the sofa and I’m guessing that’s not yours either.”
“Not mine.”
Another black and white pulled up and Jo saw Mitch jump out of the car. “You okay?” he called crossing the yard at a quick walk.
Jo nodded. “Yeah, but someone decided to deliver a present.”
“Some present,” the Animal Control offer said. “A hungry, ten foot Burmese Python is nothing to sneeze at.”
“Holy crap, Caz, this is getting serious.”
“Yeah, tell me about it.”
Another Animal Control officer walked up. “We checked out the house Miss, and nothing else seems to be disturbed. There is a really angry cat in one of the bedrooms though.”
“Oh my gosh, Midnight,” Jo broke out of her trance. “I’ve got to get inside.” She started to go but Mitch caught her arm.
“Is it okay for her to go in?” he asked.
The other officer nodded and flipped his notebook closed. “As far as we can tell, someone broke the window and dumped the snake in. Nothing else seems to be disturbed.”
“Okay,” Mitch let go of Jo’s arm, “let’s go.”
Jo struggled to slow her racing heart, but the sight of an Animal Control officer holding the now frantically wiggling sack made that difficult. She and Mitch entered the front room and Jo immediately went to Kate’s bedroom. She opened the door and Midnight jumped from the bed into her arms. The cat’s angry yowls were in startling contrast to the frantic rubbing of her head against Jo’s chest.
“It’s okay,” she soothed, petting the cat. “That was pretty scary for all of us. But it’s a good thing you were in the bedroom or you might have been that monster’s dinner.” With her words Midnight stopped her howling and began to purr. Holding the cat, Jo walked back into the living room. A wooden chair had been turned over and the piano music was scattered on the floor. Mitch was sweeping the glass from beneath the window into a pile.
“You have a dust pan?”
“I can get that,” Jo said, reluctant to let go of the cat.
“No problem, in the kitchen right?”
Gratefully, Jo nodded and sat on the sofa. Bella climbed up and rested her head on Jo’s lap while Blitz snuggled in on the other side. Midnight continued to purr loudly and the sound was vaguely comforting.
Mitch came back in and dealt with the broken glass. “I know a guy who could probably fix that today,” he said gesturing toward the open window. “Want me to give him a call?”
“That would be great,” Jo tried to settle her nerves. “If Kate hadn’t left Midnight in the bedroom….” she shuddered at the thought and Bella pushed closer.
“You four make quite a picture,” Mitch said replacing the phone after making his call. “I don’t think I’ve ever seen a cat that close to two dogs and everyone so quiet. At his words Blitz tried to scoot even closer. “And I think you need a bigger lap.”
“They must have been scared out of their minds.” Jo said slowly. “When I think of what could have happened. The officer said even Bella wouldn’t have been okay. If Mrs. G hadn’t called, Blitz and Midnight wouldn’t have stood a chance.”
“Well you’re lucky your neighbor was home to call you. Now what’s this I hear about a truck?”
Jo related what Mrs. G had told her and Mitch left to speak with her directly. She knew she should call Kate, but for the moment she just sat stroking each of the animals in turn as her fear began to ebb and her anger began to grow.
* * *
Good to his word, Mitch’s friend had arrived and the window glass was replaced within the hour. Jo got the mop and washed the floor to be sure there were no glass slivers that the dustpan and brush had missed. She was just finishing when Kate walked in. As she relayed the story, the color drained from Kate’s face.
“Okay, this guy is sick. Did Mrs. G get a license plate to go with the truck?”
“Well that’s the interesting part,” Jo said hauling her bucket and mop to the kitchen. “She did look and said there was mud all over the plate. The numbers were obscured, but,” Jo emptied the bucket, “when Mitch went to talk to the McDaniels on the other side, their daughter was the only one home. She knew their landscaper and some of his crew had been there earlier, but she couldn’t say exactly when and she didn’t know their names, and no she didn’t know what kind of truck they drove.”
“That’s not much help.”
“Mitch said he left his card and asked her to have her parents give him a call as soon as they got home. Said he’d update us if he got anything newsworthy.”
Despite the heat Kate reached for the coffee pot and poured herself a cup. “Okay,” she said taking a sip, “so the guy that you saw wants to either scare you off or do you harm.”
“Or find an easy meal for his snake.” At Kate’s bland stare Jo just shrugged. “Just trying to lighten the mood.”
“So we have to assume that he’s really nervous about what he thinks you saw or didn’t see.”
“Got any bright ideas?”
“Let me think.”
“Well, I still think we should set me up as bait.” Jo dropped down in her chair. “’Cause if you don’t catch this sucker, this type of crap could go on forever. And I’m not going to live my life constantly looking over my shoulder or worrying that some jerk is going to harm my dogs.”
Kate shook her head as she stared at her coffee. “No, not as bait. But I think we might set up some surveillance cameras. You know, something that’s motion sensitive. Then if he tried something we’d have him on tape.”
Jo sat up straighter in her chair. “Like those nanny cams?”
Kate nodded. “Maybe something more sophisticated maybe even an alarm with lights that flash on when the sensor is tripped.”
Jo warmed to the idea. “But isn’t something like that going to be expensive?”
Kate nodded again. “Yeah, but I can pull in a few favors. I know a guy who runs a small electronics store. He specializes in spyware.”
“Woo hoo, like James Bond?”
Kate grinned and picked up Midnight who had finally left the couch and wandered into the kitchen. “He’d like to believe he’s in the espionage business. What I’m thinking is I can offer to test some of his newer equipment for him. See what he says.”
Jo stood. “I’m in! When can we start?”



Chapter Seven

Louise Becker stood in front of her mirror, patted the snow-white curls that ringed her head and eyed herself critically. Okay, she did have a few crow’s feet at the corners of her eyes, but who taught high school algebra for 40 years and didn’t end up with a few laugh lines? And she still looked better than Dawn Ackerman. The nerve of that woman, Louise thought, hinting that Bill might go looking somewhere besides home.
Dawn had shrugged and puffed out her man-made breasts. “Well you’ve been married a long time and I’m just saying, as your friend, that you shouldn’t let yourself go to pot. It’s probably why Bill always has his nose stuck in his computer.”
Go to pot my ass, Louise thought. She adjusted her gold neck chains then took another moment to admire how they set off her tan. “Bear, stop barking,” she scolded gently. The yellow lab galloped into the room and out again. His constant barking scraped over Louise’s already tender nerves. “Bear, stop barking.”
Leaving the bedroom, Louise found Bill in his favorite chair with the Sunday paper in front of his face and the TV blaring.
“Bill, turn that thing down. Bear, stop barking!” she snapped.
“What did you say, Weeze?”
“Turn the volume down on the TV. It’s about 50 decibels above fatal.” 
“Okay,” he mumbled without moving.
“Good grief.” Not seeing the remote, Louise stomped over and pulled the plug. “I NEED YOU OUT ON THE LANAI,” she shouted.
Bill lowered his paper and stared in confusion at his wife. “What’s the matter? Why is Bear barking?” Bill levered himself out of his chair. “Weeze, just tell me what you want. You don’t need to scream.”
“Okay, Bill, you are hereby most graciously invited to puh-leese GET YOUR ASS OVER HERE!”
“You know, Louise, if the early church service is going to leave you in such a sour mood, then maybe we should just go to the later one.”
He ambled to the patio window where the dog was racing back and forth. “It’s just a gator,” he said turning back to his wife. Smiling he picked up the binoculars he used for bird watching on the lake. Shifting the focus he scanned the lake bank. But when he lowered the glasses his smile had vanished.
“Louise, you need to call Animal Control. I think we have a problem.”
She snatched the binoculars from her husband and focused on the gator now sunning on their bank. Her hand grabbed her throat. “That better not be mine.”
* * *
Curled on the sofa with Bella’s head on her lap, Jo flicked through the stations on the TV. Blitz stretched on the floor at her feet and Kate sat in the rocking chair with Midnight.
“Animal Control has had a busy weekend,” the reporter said with a smile. “Stay with us, we’ll be right back.”
Kate looked at Jo. “I thought you said the TV crew didn’t come out.”
“I didn’t see them. Do you think someone called it in? Or did something else happen?”
“We’ll know in a minute.”
When the program came back, the reporter was standing on the lanai of a small white cottage. A white-haired woman with a yellow lab stood beside him. The camera panned across one of Orlando’s many lakefronts then the reporter started.
“Mrs. Becker, what alerted you to the situation?”
“It was Bear,” she gave the lab’s head a pat. “He just wouldn’t stop barking.”
“Isn’t the dog used to seeing alligators?”
Louise gave the reporter a blank stare. “Well, of course he is,” she replied. “Alligators come up on the bank to sun themselves all the time.”
“Then what made this time so different?”
“It was the jewelry.” She reached up to touch the cluster of gold chains that ringed her neck.
“The alligator was wearing jewelry?”
Louise smiled patiently. “No, it was caught in its teeth. The sun kept shining off a piece of gold hanging out of the gator’s mouth and flashing in our window. That’s what my Bear saw.”
“So when the dog alerted you, that’s when you called Animal Control?”
“Well, actually,” she said looking over at her husband, “Bill, my husband, got his binoculars, the ones he uses for bird watching, and he’s the one who realized the gold flashes were from a chain hanging from the alligator’s mouth.”
The reporter turned back to his camera. “Well, there you have it folks. Someone either fed their jewelry to the alligator or” he stopped for effect, “the gator made a dinner of someone wearing a lot of gold necklaces. Word is that after doing an autopsy tomorrow, Animal Control will decide if it’s necessary to drag the lake to search for a body.”
Kate and Jo looked at each other but Kate was already reaching for her phone.
“The Hispanic guy was wearing a lot of chains,” Jo offered. “Do you think it could be him? Could the other guy have just dumped him in the lake to try and get rid of the body?”
“I don’t know,” Kate said replacing her phone. “But the powers that be, now know to take a closer look. And we’re going to request the lake be checked no matter what they find in the gator.”
Jo stroked Bella’s head. “So do you think the kids will be safe tomorrow when we go back to work?”
Kate looked around and nodded. “We’ve got motion sensors for the front and back, and Andy installed security on all the doors and windows. If anyone opens anything or breaks anything, the security company will know immediately. They’ll call the police and then they’ll notify us. I gave them both our contact numbers.”
“Okay, then I guess tomorrow it’s back to work as usual. Will you be in on the lake dragging?”
“No, tomorrow I’m checking banks. I spent yesterday going through Danny Witmore’s financials. What’s interesting is, according to Aggie, he insisted she do the banking across town, but somebody made regular deposits and withdrawals in the two branches closest to their home. I want to know who and why he’d insist she go to a branch further away. That makes no sense to me.”
“He was a real jerk. Maybe it was just another, 'I’m in charge and you’ll do as I say tactic.”
“Maybe, but I’m checking it out tomorrow anyway. Other than Aggie, I don’t have any suspects. I’m going to do more digging and see if I can find a few more of his so-called friends. Are you in or out tomorrow?”
Jo stifled a groan. “I’m Court Officer so I’ll be in the courthouse all day.”
“Good,” Kate said ignoring her friend’s grimace. “That way I’ll know you’re not in trouble.”
Jo rolled her eyes. “Yes, Mom, are you going to let me stay up and watch the news or do I have to go to bed?”
Kate tossed a pillow in her direction, which Jo batted away. Blitz decided this was the signal to play and ran for his ball. Not wanting to be left out, Bella jumped from the couch after using Jo’s leg for a launching pad, and Midnight arched her back and hissed at everyone.
* * *
First thing Monday morning Kate walked into the bank and looked for the manager. She identified herself and showed a picture of Danny Witmore. 
“I need to ask if you or any of your tellers know this man,” she said simply.
“I know they do,” Mrs. Norris said. “I believe that Charlotte was dating him. Let me get her for you and you can use my office. I’ll warn you though,” the manager continued, “she was pretty upset when we learned he had died.”
Kate let the woman lead her to a corner office and wished that the top half of the walls were not glass. She took a seat next to the desk and waited for the manager to produce Charlotte.
Charlotte turned out to be a petite woman in her early twenties with delicate features and curly blond hair. Her blue eyes were red-rimmed, evidence of a recent crying spell.
“Charlotte,” Mrs. Norris said, “this is Detective Snow. She needs to talk to you about Mr. Witmore.”
Charlotte sniffed and took a seat. “Am I in trouble?” She looked at her manager.
Mrs. Norris shook her head and started to take her seat behind the desk. “No dear, just answer the detective’s questions.”
“Thank you,” Kate said easily. “But if you don’t mind, I really need to speak with Charlotte privately.”
“Oh,” the woman stammered and started to rise uncertainly, “I’m not sure that I should leave.”
“Are you Charlotte’s lawyer?” Kate continued in her easy way.
“Well, no, but.…”
“This is just routine. I thought Charlotte would be more comfortable here than down at the station.”
“Oh, I see, well, Charlotte if you think you’ll be okay….”
“It’s alright,” Kate patted the young woman’s hand where it rested on the chair’s padded arm. “I didn’t bring my rubber hose today. It really isn’t the accessory for this outfit.”
Charlotte sniffed and giggled at the same time and Kate watched the tension on Mrs. Norris’s face begin to ease. Nodding, the manager walked out and closed the door behind her.
She held out the picture of Danny Witmore. “So you know this man?”
Charlotte nodded and held a tissue to her nose. “That’s Danny.”
“And how did you know Mr. Witmore?”
“He was a customer here.”
Kate said nothing and watched Charlotte become increasingly nervous.
“I didn’t know he was married,” the girl blurted as she burst into tears. “Am I in trouble?”
“Did you do anything wrong?” Kate asked gently.
“I went out with him,” Charlotte sniffed. “I wouldn’t have gone out with him if I’d known he was married.”
“When did you find out he was married?”
Charlotte wiped her eyes. “When they said it on the news. You know,” she shredded the tissue with nervous fingers, “the night they reported he’d been killed. The TV said that he was married and had a child.” She sniffed again. “I swear I never knew he was married.”
“Would that have made a difference? I mean he was a good looking man.” Kate offered.
“He was hot,” Charlotte smiled. “But I have a policy that I don’t date married men. It only leads to trouble.”
“And had you been dating long?”
Charlotte shook her head. “We’ve been out a few times but just during the last three months. He told me he had a busy work schedule, so I didn’t get to see him that often.”
“And how did he contact you?”
“Oh he’d call me when he had an evening free.”
“And did you ever call him?”
“Oh no,” Charlotte said quickly. “Danny told me I wasn’t allowed to.”
“You weren’t allowed to call him? Didn’t you find that odd?” Kate pushed.
Charlotte looked confused. “No, he told me he was really busy with work and that he’d call whenever he had a free evening.”
“And what did Danny tell you he did?”
Charlotte sat up a little straighter in the chair and looked nervously at the glass walls. “He worked on top secret stuff for the government,” she said in a hushed whisper. “That’s why it wasn’t possible for me to call him. His numbers were classified.”
“But when he called you, you couldn’t see his number on your phone’s ID?”
Charlotte shook her head. “No, it was always blocked. But I understood. I mean Danny was an important man and he was busy.”
Yeah, Kate thought, busy with a wife and kid. “So where did you and Danny go when you did go out?”
“Oh, he’d just come over to my place. I mean it wouldn’t have been smart for anyone to see us out together because of his business. He was always looking out for me.”
“Ah huh, so all the time you were dating, he just came over to your apartment?”
Charlotte nodded. “I wasn’t supposed to tell anyone we were an item. But I sorta slipped and told Donna. She’s my closest friend.”
“And does Donna work here at the bank?”
“Yes, but I wasn’t supposed to tell her, so please don’t say anything.”
“Is she the only one you told?” Charlotte looked sheepish. “Well, I sorta let it slip to Kathy and I think she told her roommate.”
“Does Kathy work at the bank too?”
“Oh no, Kathy works at the nail salon.” She extended her hand to show perfectly shaped nails painted hot pink with black polka dots.
Kate flipped out her notebook. “And where would that be?”
Charlotte’s eyes started to fill again. “Oh, gosh, do you have to talk to her, too? This is so embarrassing.”
“This is just routine,” Kate said gently. “But why do you think it’s embarrassing?”
“I mean I was really in love with Danny and then to find out he was married I guess I just feel foolish.”
“Have you ever been to Danny’s house?”
Charlotte jerked with surprise. “No!”
“You don’t know where he lives?”
“Well, yes, I mean I know his address from the bank records but I’ve never been there. Danny wouldn’t have liked that. He told me he often worked at home and since his work was top secret, not just anyone could show up. You know what I mean?”
“Yes, I’m getting the picture. Do you have any idea of who would want to hurt him?”
Silent tears ran down the woman’s face as she shook her head. “It was probably because of the secret stuff he was working on. But I don’t know what that was. Do you think that was what got Danny killed?”
“I honestly don’t know right now. Did you know Danny was into body building?”
Charlotte looked confused. “No, he was really buff and you could tell that he worked out but I don’t think his schedule gave him time to do something like that. After all he had a really important job.”
“Yes, doing secret things for the government you said.”
“Right,” Charlotte agreed with a whisper.
“Well, Charlotte, it’s been quite enlightening speaking with you.” Kate pulled out her card and passed it to the woman. “If you think of anything that might help me, I’d really appreciate it if you’d give me a call.”
Kate stood putting an end to the interview. Charlotte nodded and wiped her eyes again. “I’ll call you if I think of anything,” she said solemnly.
Kate thanked the manager and left the bank. When she was in her car she called Jo and was surprised when her friend picked up after the first ring.
“Hey, I thought I’d go directly to voicemail. Aren’t you assigned to court today?”
“Yep, but I’m between intakes right now so you get the real me.”
“Good. Describe Danny Witmore.”
“A good looking man who had a violent temper, beat his wife frequently, and had no respect for the law.”
“That’s what I thought.” Kate sighed. “Well you can add cheating jerk to the list. I just found one of Danny’s girlfriends and the reason he wouldn’t let Aggie go to this branch of the bank.”
“You’re kidding.”
“Nope, cute little thing but not too bright. It would make me worry if I banked there. She claims she didn’t know he was married and that he had some top secret job with the government.”
“Danny?” Jo laughed. “Are we talking about the same person?”
“Yeah, he really had her snowed. But you know, I think she liked his take-charge power trip.”
“Okay, oops, I gotta go.”
“Later,” Kate said and disconnected. Now she had to find out where Danny got the money he was depositing in the bank. And what was going on at the other branch that Aggie was not allowed to use.
The second bank branch produced much the same results with one major difference. Yes, everyone knew Danny Witmore and, yes, he was dating one of the tellers. Kate sat with Tiffany Saunders in the manager’s office and watched the woman fume. She was petite and blond like Charlotte, but there the similarities ended.
“He was a jerk,” she snapped, eyes flashing with anger. “That jerk was cheating on me with a wife! If I had known he was married I wouldn’t have given him a second look.”
“What made you give him a second look in the first place?” Kate asked.
Tiffany held out her wrist. A diamond tennis bracelet caught the light and sparkled. “If a guy wants to give me jewelry,” she shrugged. “Who am I to say no?”
“Wow, is it real?”
Tiffany snorted. “Yeah, I wondered that too.” She turned her wrist to admire the piece. “But I had it appraised and it’s real all right, a full carat of diamonds set in white gold. Worth a cool grand.”
Thinking of the house Danny lived in, Kate fought to keep her expression bland. “And did he give you a lot of jewelry?”
“In the beginning,” Tiffany shrugged.
“And how long had you been dating?”
“About six months, but lately not so much.”
“Why was that?”
“Look, the first time he shows up without a gift – okay I can handle that. But when he comes around a second time empty handed, well I’m not having it. I’m not some cheap lay he can take advantage of whenever he wants to scratch an itch.”
“And how did he take that?”
“He whined about having a string of bad luck, said cash was short. I told him, not my problem.”
“Do you know what he did for a living?”
Tiffany rolled her eyes. “I know what he put down on his banking records. And, yeah, I looked, so sue me. It said he was a systems analyst. But that was a load of crap because when I asked him a simple programming question he acted like I was speaking a foreign language. I think the jerk actually forgot what he wrote down on his loan application.”
“So you don’t know where he worked?”
“I didn’t say that,” Tiffany shifted in her chair. “He finally admitted he was a professional gambler. Said he made a killing in Tampa at the casinos.”
“Did he ever get violent with you?”
Tiffany snorted again. “Some guy tries that shit with me he’s going to be in for a black eye. I’d kick his ass but good.”
“So if you knew he lied about his employment, why did you go out with him?”
Tiffany flipped her bracelet back and forth. “He was an okay lay and for a while he gave good gifts. So why not?”
Yeah, Kate thought, why not.
* * *
Relieved to have her court day over, Jo was walking to her car when her phone rang.
“Jo, I’m so glad I caught you.” Cheryl said. “I know you’re off shift, but I’ve got Aggie Witmore on the line for you and she sounds hysterical. Something about her boy is missing.”
“Give me her number and tell her to hang up and I’ll call her right back,” Jo said. She waited a beat then dialed the number. “Aggie? It’s Jo Cazimer.”
“He’s missing,” Aggie wailed. “He never got off the bus this afternoon.”
“Christian is missing?” Jo walked quickly to her car turned on the engine and switched to Bluetooth.
“When he didn’t come home I called his friend Mason to see if he stopped over there to play, but Mason said Christian wasn’t on the bus.”
“Did you call the school to see if he was still there?”
“They said he was absent today. But that’s not true. I watched him get on the bus myself.”
“Okay, where are you now?”
“I’m at home. I didn’t know what to do so I called you.”
“Did you call the police?”
“No,” Aggie sobbed, “I don’t want to go back to jail.”
“You won’t go to jail because your son is missing,” Jo worked to keep her voice calm. “Look, I’m on my way. Meanwhile, start calling all his friends and see if he’s at someone else’s house.”
Jo ran through a mental list in her head. Check with the school, find his friends, determine when he was last seen, call it in. When she reached Aggie, the woman was hysterical.
“I’ve called everyone and nobody’s seen him.”
“Well he didn’t just vanish,” Jo patted Aggie’s shoulder. “Let’s go to the school and find out what happened. You said he got on the bus this morning?”
Aggie sniffed back a sob. “I watched him myself. He didn’t want to go today since Danny’s funeral is tomorrow. But I thought he’d be better there than at home.”
“We’ll get to the bottom of this. Maybe he’s just playing hooky.”
“But where would he go?”
“That’s what we’re going to find out.”
When they arrived at school, the office was in turmoil.
“I want to know what you did with my son,” Aggie shouted, adding to the noise and confusion.
“Now, Mrs. Witmore.” A tall man with wavy black hair stepped forward.
“We’re doing everything we can to find him.”
Jo stuck out her hand. “Hi, I’m Jo Cazimer.”
“She’s a police officer,” the secretary piped in.
“Not exactly,” Jo smiled. “You’re the principal?”
He nodded, “Frank Phelps.”
“Then perhaps we could go to your office for a moment.”
“Yes, yes, of course. Mrs. Witmore, come this way.” He led them into a small office crowded with bookcases and a desk too big for the space.
“Could you tell us the last time someone saw Christian?” Jo began as soon as they were seated. “Mrs. Witmore knows that he got on the bus for school but we don’t know what happened next.”
“I’ve interviewed the bus driver, Mrs. Tiller, and she confirmed that he indeed got on her bus today and she said he also got off. But Ms. Johnson, his teacher, said he never made it to class. She marked him absent today.”
“Well, somebody saw him when he got off the bus, so where did he go? Aren’t the children supervised at that time?”
The principal stiffened. “I don’t like what you’re implying,” he snapped. “This is not our fault.”
“I’m not implying anything, Mr. Phelps. I’m simply asking to get a better picture of what was going on at the time. Now, are the children supervised when they get off the bus? What’s the normal procedure for them to get to class?”
There was a tap, then the door to the office opened and a middle aged woman stuck her head in. “Excuse me Officer, I’m Cathy Tiller, Christian’s bus driver. I just got back from my run and the secretary told me the problem.”
“Come in, Mrs. Tiller,” the principal waved her in. “Hopefully you can shed some light on this situation.”
“Well, Christian did get on the bus today and I watched him get off as usual.”
“Did he seem upset?” Jo asked.
She shook her head. “Not that you would notice. I know his father died recently, and I was so sorry to hear about that.” She reached over and gave Aggie’s hand a squeeze. “But I didn’t notice anything different. He headed back toward the playground as usual.”
“The students get off the bus and go to the playground?” Jo asked.
“Yes, my bus gets in a little early so the students are allowed to go to the playground until the bell rings.”
“And is someone supervising them at that time?”
“We have a teacher on duty at the front of the school where the students line up before class,” Mr. Phelps stated.
“And where is the playground?”
“It’s behind the building,” Mrs. Tiller offered. “It’s not that big, just some swings and a sliding board. Enough space for a game of catch.”
“Footballs are not allowed,” the principal added quickly. “Games of catch so easily turn into touch-tackle and students get hurt.”
Jo turned back to the bus driver. “So did Christian participate in these games of catch?”
She shook her head. “Christian was more of a loner. He’d usually stand off to the side and watch, or talk with his best friend, Mason Riley. Now Mason was on the bus today, too, so maybe he knows where Christian went.”
“And where can we find Mason Riley?” Jo asked getting to her feet.
“I’ll get you the address,” Mrs. Tiller offered.
“This is not the school’s responsibility,” Mr. Phelps stated again.
“Well actually it is,” Jo said tightly. “The student was delivered to your care as admitted by your own bus driver. His safety is your responsibility until you deliver him home again.”
“But….”
“But right now we’re not interested in casting blame, Mr. Phelps. We’re interested in finding Christian.” Not waiting to hear more excuses, Jo turned and left his office. She spotted Betsy Johnson standing at the front counter and hurried over.
“Ms. Johnson, I’m not sure if you remember me.”
“Of course I do, Officer. There’s nothing wrong with my memory.”
Jo plastered a smile on her face. “Well, we have a problem. Christian Witmore got off the bus here at school today but you marked him absent.”
“He was never in my class today, so of course he was marked absent.”
“But he arrived at school….”
 “Officer Cazimer,” Betsy said impatiently. “I’m not aware of who gets on or off the bus. That’s not my responsibility. Christian Witmore never made it to my class today, so I marked him absent. Had he come in late, I would have marked him tardy.” She looked directly at the silently weeping Aggie. “But since he never showed up it just tells me he has no respect for education like so many other people I know. Now if you have nothing more, I’m late for an appointment.”
“And it doesn’t bother you that he’s missing?” Jo pressed.
Betsy picked up her things from the counter. “Of course it bothers me if a child is missing. But there is nothing I can do about it. So no, Christian Witmore is not my problem at the moment. And since I’ve just been assigned to coordinate Field Day with the PE Teacher, which in this heat is a ludicrous idea,” she gave the principal a disgusted look, “you’ll have to excuse me.” Turning, Betsy Johnson left the office.
“She’s just upset because of Field Day,” the secretary added. 
“Well, I’m upset that Christian is missing,” Jo said hotly. “Let’s get Mason’s parents on the phone.”
The phone call wasn’t necessary as Mr. Riley, Mason in tow, entered the office. “We just got a call from one of the other parents,” Mr. Riley said. “They told us Christian was missing so we came to see if there was anything we could do.” 
“I’m Jo Cazimer,” Jo said extending her hand. “Mason, I hear you’re Christian’s best friend.”
The boy had the same ebony skin as his father and eyes huge and dark as midnight. “I guess.”
“Did you see him get off the bus today?”
Mason nodded but said nothing and leaned a little closer to his dad. Mr. Riley rested his hand on his son’s shoulder. “It’s okay, son, if you know something you should tell the police officer.”
“But I promised not to. It’s a secret,” he said solemnly.
“Mason,” Jo said quietly, “Christian might be in trouble so we need to help him.”
“But he’ll be in trouble if I tell and I promised, Dad. You said I should never break a promise.”
“You tell me where he is,” Aggie shrieked and would have grabbed for the boy if Jo hadn’t stepped in front of her. Mason darted behind his father’s legs.
“It’s not necessary to shout at my son,” Mr. Riley said. “Mason, did Christian tell you what he was going to do today? Do you know where he is?”
Mason stayed half behind his father and looked at Jo. “He didn’t want to be here today so he was going to his secret place.”
“Do you know where that place is?” Jo worked to keep her voice calm. “Will you tell us?”
Mason looked to his father for reassurance then nodded. “It’s easier if I just show you.”
“It’s here on school property?” the principal snapped.
“I guess so,” Mason stammered.
“Why don’t you take us there,” his father said gently with his hand still on his son’s shoulder. “That would be a big help.”
“And Christian won’t get in trouble?”
Mr. Riley shook his head then looked pointedly at the principal. “No, Christian won’t get in trouble. We just want him home and safe.”
“Okay, if you’re sure.” Mason turned toward the office door. “We have to go around back. It’s sorta behind the playground.”
As they followed Mason around the building and across the playground, Jo walked beside him. “Do you know why Christian didn’t want to come to school today?”
Mason nodded. “Bruce has been picking on him since his Dad died. It really makes Christian upset.”
“I guess so,” Jo said quietly. “Does Bruce pick on everyone or just Christian?”
“Mostly Christian, but sometimes other kids. He’s not very nice.”
“Do you know why he picks on Christian?”
Mason shrugged. “I don’t think he likes him.”
They reached the chain-link fence that bordered the playground and Jo watched in amazement as Mason reached down and pushed the fence near the bottom of one of the posts. Someone had cut away the link fasteners and the fence pushed easily forward creating an opening large enough for a child to crawl through. Mason edged under and then looked back at the group.
Mr. Riley gave Jo a resigned look, then giving the fence a harder push to make the opening larger he worked his way under. Once on the other side he tugged again and then held up the chain-link flap. Jo was the first through and sent Riley a thankful glance.
“This is vandalism,” the principal said as he started through. “Someone is going to have to pay for this to be fixed.”
For a moment Jo thought Mr. Riley was going to just let the flap go to smack Phelps on the head. But he held the links until the last of the group was through.
“You’ve got to go this way,” Mason said, leading the adults on a path that was more idea than reality. But soon they were in a small clearing. A plastic toy chair sat near a plank of wood that had been propped against a tree to form a child size lean-to. Some magazines were shoved inside and candy wrappers littered the ground.
“This is it,” Mason said. “This is his secret place. He liked to come here and just sit by himself. I only know about it ‘cause I’m his best friend. But I wasn’t supposed to tell.” Mason’s eyes began to fill. “Now he’ll be mad at me.”
“It’s okay, son,” Mr. Riley said gently rubbing his boy’s back. “You did the right thing. And sometimes the right thing is hard to do.” He turned to Jo. “What do we do now? Should we search this area?”
Jo shook her head. “No, we’ve got to call this in and get an Amber Alert started.”
“Oh my god,” Aggie sobbed and started to sway. Mrs. Tiller grabbed her arm.
“Come on, Mrs. Witmore, let’s get you back to the office where you can sit down.”
“Dad, what’s going to happen now? Is Christian going to be in trouble if they call the police?”
“No, we just need to find him. Do you have any other ideas of where he might go?”
Mason shook his head. “He said he was going to his secret place until school was over and then he’d meet me back on the bus. But he never showed.”
Jo called in the request for the Amber Alert and gave the tiny clearing a final glance. Had Christian decided not to wait until school was over to leave? Or did he just wander away and lose track of time? Maybe even now he was trying to make his way back home. Making a silent wish for his safety, Jo followed the group back to the school’s office.
They searched until dark, walking every inch of the playground, tramping through the woods, and knocking on doors, but Christian was nowhere to be found.



Chapter Eight

It was close to midnight before Jo walked up the steps to home. They had no clue as to what had happened to Christian and her mind kept replaying Kate’s words. I think he might have seen something because every time I try to talk to him, he clams up. Had Christian seen his mother put something in his father’s drink? Or did he see someone at his house?
Kate pushed open the door as Jo reached the porch. “I can tell from looking at your face you didn’t find him.” But as Jo walked by, Kate fanned the air in front of her face. “Whew, what is that smell?”
Jo watched her dogs back away and grimaced. “Eau-de-Bug Spray. Someone doused me with it before I could say anything.”
“Looks like they were way too late.” Kate looked pointedly at the numerous bites that ran up and down Jo’s bare arms.
“Yeah, damn mosquitoes hit us right at dusk, big surprise. We were almost finished searching the patch of woods behind the school. Anyway, by the time someone got the bug spray, I had already provided a banquet, or so it feels.” She rubbed hard against her thigh. “I think those little buggers bit right through my pants. I need a shower.”
“That’s for sure. You get any dinner?”
Jo shook her head. “Wanted to take advantage of what daylight was left.”
“Okay, hop in the shower. I picked up meatball subs on the way home. You want?” Jo’s stomach growled loudly in response. “I’ll take that as a yes,” Kate laughed. “Go get cleaned up.”
Jo was sitting on the edge of her bed wearing a sleeveless nightshirt when Kate walked into her room.
“Here, I’ve got some After Bite that should help with some of the itching.”
“Thanks. Those buggers got me everywhere. How can something so small bite through fabric?” Jo dabbed the numerous bites on her arms and then started on her ankles and up her legs. I think one crawled under my pants leg and chewed his way up.”
Kate shook her head in sympathy. “You are covered, that’s for sure. And here’s your comb. Do something with your hair.”
Jo reached for the comb and frowned. “Why?”
“Cause if it dries like that, you’re going to be able to scare small children in the morning.”
“And what’s wrong with that?”
Kate laughed and turned, “Your sandwich is ready whenever you are. You want wine or iced tea?”
“A really, really big glass of wine.”
Jo settled at the small kitchen table and dug into her sandwich. “I saw that the security lights are up,” she said with her mouth full. “Looks good. The front lawn lit up like daylight when I pulled into the driveway.”
Kate settled with her coffee across from Jo. “Yeah, Andy did good work. I still think there are a few dark spots so I called him. He’ll be out first thing tomorrow to check it out again. So are you going to work tomorrow or joining the search?”
Jo swallowed and took a large gulp of wine. “As much as I’d like to help, tomorrow I can’t. We’ve got two out on vacation this week and that leaves us short handed. If they haven’t found Christian by tomorrow afternoon, I’ll see where they can use me after work. You?”
Kate shook her head. “And I hate to dump more on you, but tomorrow before you check in, you need to stop by the morgue.”
Jo set down her sandwich. “They found a body?”
“Yeah and I’ll tell you right now it’s not a pretty sight.”
“You checked it out?”
“Stopped by when I got back from Tampa.”
“Wait, you went to Tampa today? I thought you were going to check out some banks.”
She nodded. “Collecting more info on Danny Witmore. Seems he was digging himself into a hole with gambling debts. He owed quite a bit of money to more than one source.”
“Ouch. Do you think it was one of the bone-crushers that did him in?”
Kate shook her head. “Doesn’t feel right. Someone owes you money you might break an arm or leg to teach a lesson, but if you kill the mark how are you going to get your money back? No, I’m still leaning toward Aggie.”
“Because of the poison?”
“Yeah, someone wanted him gone, but didn’t feel the need to stay and watch the finale. And poison is usually a woman’s tool. Distant and not bloody like a knife or gun.”
“Or wine bottle?” Jo offered.
“Well, there is that.” Kate scowled. “I don’t know. I keep coming up with dead ends. Everything I find paints him in a darker light but gets me no closer to the answer.”
“Well, if I know you, you won’t give up until you figure it out. Meanwhile what’s up with the body? Do they think it’s the one I saw in the park?”
“Good possibility. Fatal knife wound to the chest, but….” she trailed off.
“But what?”
“Well, he doesn’t have a head anymore,” Kate said quickly. “It looks like a cinder block had been tied to his ankle to weigh him down. And let’s just say between the gator and the fish, well, you get the picture.”
“Ewuuuu,” Jo grimaced. “Then what is there to identify?”
“You said there was a tattoo that ran from the neck down onto his chest and most of that is still there. And Willard said he was able to get prints off two of the fingers. By tomorrow he hopes to have a positive ID.”
Now Jo groaned in earnest. “I have to deal with Willard the Worm? Why not Doc Tucker? He’s the head medical examiner.”
“Doc’s on vacation so Willard’s in charge of the lab.
Jo dropped her head into her hands. “Damn, this is awkward.”
Kate’s eyes went wide. “He’s not still hitting on you is he?” Jo said nothing but continued to hold her head. “Cripes, Jo, it’s been over two years. Didn’t you tell him you weren’t interested?”
Jo leveled a withering stare. “I just met him for coffee one time right after Doc was appointed. I mean, I understand why the ‘powers that be’ wouldn’t want someone like Worm representing the department and talking to the media. He just doesn’t have the presence to pull it off. But he looked so pathetic when he found out, and I happened to be standing there so I sorta asked if he wanted to go for coffee.”
“Jo, how in the world could you think Willard looked pathetic? I mean jeez.”
“It’s not his fault he has these tiny little eyes that look so creepy. And okay, so he wears an odd crew cut.”
“And he always stares.”
“Well, he’s weird, that’s a fact, but he knows his stuff. The man is really tenacious about finding answers.”
“As proved by the fact he’s still trying to date you?”
Jo groaned.
“Yeah,” Kate nodded. “I think the fact that people call him Worm, gives a good indication. And, yes, he knows his stuff and is a great assistant ME. But face it, Jo, when he stares at you with those eyes he does look creepy.” 
“He just doesn’t have any social graces,” Jo countered. “I don’t think his mother ever told him it’s not polite to glare at people.”
Kate raised a brow. “Given this some thought have you?”
Jo drank the rest of her wine. “If I’ve got to deal with Worm and a headless body tomorrow, I’m going to bed. Did you lock up already?”
“Tight as a drum and I’m right behind you. I’ll probably be gone before you tomorrow. I’m going to try and see what else I can find out about Danny. So if you do go looking for Christian after work, don’t go alone.”
Jo nodded and sighed. “Come on guys, I need bed.” As she flicked off the lights in the kitchen, Bella and Blitz made a mad dash for the bedroom. 
The next morning, Jo was surprised to find Kate still in the kitchen. “I thought you were leaving early?” she said reaching for the coffee.
“Well, I did, or I was. We have another problem.”
“What now?”
“Someone slashed the back tire on your car.”
“What?” Jo sloshed coffee on the counter as she set her mug down. “What about our fancy security?”
“Remember I said I thought there were still some dark pockets? Well Andy’s already here. He thinks whoever did this actually bellied in, hit your back tire then bellied out again. Your car is parked closest to Mrs. G’s property and that edge wasn’t lit as well as it should have been.”
“Well damn, what now?”
“I’ve called it in. Andy can put the donut on for you and he said he’d take the tire over to Brian’s shop and drop it off. He’s feeling really bad this happened.”
“He’s feeling bad,” Jo’s voice began to rise. “He’s feeling bad? I’ve got a dead body with no head, I need to ward off Willard the Worm, and now I have a slashed tire from some maniac that thinks I can identify him, and Andy’s feeling bad?”
“Do you want me to drive you to work?”
“No, I don’t want you to drive me to work. I want my life back before this idiot causes more damage. And I can change my own damn tire. Do you know how much a new tire is going to cost? And hell, Brian will probably make me get two new ones so the car is balanced. Crap, I hate this shit.”
“Not the best way to start the day.”
“No kidding,” Jo grabbed her coffee and walked stiffly to the front door. “Hey, Andy, change that tire for me.”
He saluted.
Hitting the remote on her key chain, Jo popped the trunk. Bella nudged her leg and Jo let out the breath she was holding. “It’s okay, girl, I’m not mad at you.” She gave the dog’s head a rub and scratched behind her ears only to have Blitz try to squish in between. “And good morning to you, too,” she said giving him a pat. “Okay,” straightening she looked over at Kate. “I guess I’m glad you were around, but why didn’t you wake me when all this started?”
“You had a bad day yesterday and today isn’t going to be much better. Besides it wasn’t that long. You going to be okay if I take off now?”
“Yeah. What’s Andy going to do about the security?”
“He’s adding some more sensors. Going to put one near the top of each of the palm trees. That way there will be no dark spots and the entire front of the house will be covered. Anyone tries something like this again and all hell will break lose.”
“Heck, anyone tries something like this again and I’ll. . . no never mind. Go ahead and get out of here. I’m leaving as soon as he changes the tire.”
“Good luck with the body,” Kate called going down the steps.
“It’s not the body I’m worried about,” Jo mumbled to herself. Then grabbing her bag and giving each of the dogs another quick pat, she closed the door behind her. Worm, here I come, she thought. And today is not the day to mess with me.
* * *
Jo stopped at the door to the morgue and gathered herself. Not so much for the headless body that awaited her, but in preparation for the live man. Keying in her code she pushed open the door and stepped inside. The aroma of citrus disinfectant could never quite disguise the scent of death that danced in the air. Jo moved forward and pushed open the next door. As expected, Worm was waiting and he didn’t look happy.
“Morning Wor - Willard,” Jo said, trying not to breath too deeply.
“Kate said you’d be in early. I got coffee.” He looked pointedly at the trashcan where two empty coffee cups now rested.
“Sorry, there was a little problem with my car.”
“Then you should keep up with the maintenance better.” He turned away clearly not interested.
“Look, someone slashed one of my tires.”
“What?” Worm’s head snapped up so quickly Jo wondered how he didn’t get whiplash.
“Yeah, it’s been quite a morning. Here we thought we had this handy-dandy security system but the jerk found a dark spot, according to Andy.” 
“Getting a security system just because some punk slashed a tire seems a little overkill to me.”
“Until we find the guy who’s messing with me that’s the best we can do.”
Willard turned and gave Jo his full attention. “What do you mean messing with you?”
“According to Brian, someone worked on the brake line in my car, a snake was dumped in my living room, and this morning a tire was slashed. I’m not having a good day, so could we get on with this?”
“He shouldn’t have done that.”
“There I agree with you. Look, sorry about the coffee.”
Worm shrugged, “No problem. I drank them both.”
“Well at least it didn’t go to waste. Let’s get started, okay? I’d rather get this over with so I can get to work.”
He nodded and indicated she should follow him. When he reached the bank of steel drawers, he paused. “He’s not very pretty. Did Kate tell you?”
Jo started to pull in a breath then caught herself. “Okay let’s just do this.”
Willard opened the drawer and a puff of cold air escaped into the room. Then he pulled the tray out and carefully removed the covering from the top of the body.
Jo felt her stomach begin to roll. Not pretty was a huge understatement. Missing a head and most of one arm, the rest of the body had been a picnic for the fish. 
“The tattoo looks similar,” Jo struggled to keep her voice even. “But between the wound and your Y cut….”
“I was able to get prints from two of the remaining fingers.” Willard lifted the hand and brought the fingers nearly to his glasses for a closer look.
Jo felt her stomach start to flip. “Could you get an ID?” she said quickly taking a step back. If she was going to boot, she wasn’t going to boot on what was left of the body.
“Yes, his name was Jared Rodriguez and from a quick glance he had a long sheet.”
Jo forced herself to move closer and took a really good look at what was left of the tattoo. “I can’t really say if this was the guy or not. The man I saw was Hispanic and the tattoo is sorta in the same place. But since you have an ID I’ll do a search for his picture.”
“I already did.” Willard replaced the cover and, to Jo’s relief, shoved the tray in and closed the steel door. “I have it on my desk.”
“Then…. ” Jo swallowed her words. If you’ve got a picture, she thought, why did I need to look at a mangled body? Why, of course, to punish me for not being here to drink your damn coffee. “Then let’s get to your office.”
At his desk, Willard handed her the photo he’d printed.
“It’s a match,” she said looking at the face that stared back at her. “He’s the one I saw laying on that picnic table. You said he had a sheet?”
Willard nodded. “Would you like to go to lunch today?”
“Can’t.” Jo didn’t bother to look up but continued to stare at the picture. “We’re short handed due to vacations. I probably won’t even stop for lunch.”
“Well, that’s not right. If you work through lunch can you leave an hour early? We could go for coffee again.”
“No can do. I won’t be able to leave early even if I do miss lunch. Like I said we’re swamped. Besides, if they haven’t found Christian Witmore by then, I’ll be helping with the search again.”
“I see.” His voice was tight. “Is that where you got all those bites?”
Jo looked down at her arms. “I’m trying not to think about them so they won’t start to itch again.”
“You should have worn a long sleeved shirt.”
“Well, I didn’t know that I’d end up doing a search for a missing child when I got dressed yesterday. Look, thanks for the picture. This really helps, but I’ve got to run.” Jo turned and still looking at the picture walked out of the morgue. She completely missed the cold stare that followed her out.
She’d been right. The probation office was swamped. By noon she had lost count of how many clients she’d processed. But when her door edged open, she was surprised to find Kate standing there. “Hey, what are you doing here? I thought you were out digging up clues about Danny.”
Kate dropped into her visitor chair. “That’s on hold for the moment. Live missing child takes precedence over dead murder victim. We’re all working on the search for Christian. A few leads have come in but nothing that’s been of value.”
“So what are you doing here?”
Kate reached into her purse and extracted a foil wrapped sandwich. “Brought you lunch. I know you didn’t get breakfast and I had to run by the house so,” she reached in her bag again and withdrew a can of Pepsi.
“Oh, man, peanut butter. You are a saint.” Jo took a big bite even as she popped the top of the soda. “Thank you.”
“Well, I also come bearing gifts.” She reached in again and pulled out a jeweled broach.
Jo’s face pulled into a puzzled frown as she chewed. “You brought me jewelry?”
“Actually it’s from Andy. He feels really bad about what happened.”
“Then he should get me a new tire not a piece of jewelry,” Jo took another bite of her sandwich.
“I have a matching one,” she indicated the jeweled clip that was hooked on her bag.
“Great, we’re a matched set.” She pushed the piece back toward Kate. “Here, you keep them both. That’s not really my style.”
“Just watch.” Kate picked up Jo’s piece and pressed the center stone. Immediately the matching broach on her bag began to vibrate and flash. 
“Whoa, what’s that doing?”
“It’s a security device,” she said handing the broach back to Jo. “You wear that one and I have this one. You get into trouble with this wacko and you just press the red stone in the middle. It sets off an alarm in my piece.”
“That’s way cool,” Jo picked up the broach and studied it more closely. The dull gold medallion was the size of a quarter and held a red stone in the center. “You’d never know by looking at it.”
“That’s not all.” Kate removed her piece from her bag and handed it to Jo. “It also has a homing device. Andy programmed my phone so if you press this, my device vibrates and flashes a warning, then I plug in a code on my phone and it lets me know where you are.”
Warming to the idea, Jo pressed the red jewel and felt Kate’s piece begin to vibrate in her hand. Kate pulled out her phone, hit a few numbers, and then turned it for Jo to see the readout.
“Yep, I’m in my office,” she said. “That’s so cool. But Kate,” she held up the broach and then looked down at her rumpled black pants and white shirt, “it really isn’t my style.”
“So put it in your purse, or better yet, stick it in your pocket.”
“That I can do.” Jo shoved the broach into her pants pocket and handed Kate’s back to her.
Kate slipped her phone and the broach back in her bag then stood. “Okay, I’m off. I’m heading over to the school to interview the teachers and maybe some of the kids to see if anyone has any ideas where Christian might have gone.”
Jo scratched absently at a bite on her arm. “I really hate thinking that little guy spent the night outside. It makes me itchy just to think about it.”
“Well, we’ll find him. It hasn’t been 24 hours yet and that’s crucial.”
“Good luck. Look, I’ll tag you when I’m finished here and if you haven’t found him by then I’ll join in the search.”
“That’s a plan,” Kate waved from the doorway then was gone.
* * *
As Kate walked to the teacher’s lounge, angry voices could be heard even before the secretary pushed the door open for her. “Oh dear,” the secretary gasped.
Betsy Johnson and Diana Harkins stood nose-to-nose and for an instant Kate wondered if she was going to have to physically break up a fight.
“I’m not going to discuss it, Diana,” Betsy Johnson said turning away. “Mr. Phelps put me in charge and I’ve canceled it.” The other teachers in the room sat transfixed by the scene playing out before them.
“You can’t cancel my Field Day,” Diana snapped. “It’s tradition. You know that. It’s an important way for the students to bond with each other at the beginning of the year.”
“I’ve spoken with Mr. Phelps and he agrees with me,” Betsy fired back. “It’s too damn hot to be outside.”
“Um, excuse me,” the secretary piped in. “Police here,” she gestured to Kate. “The officer needs to speak with each of you regarding Christian Witmore.”
“Then start with her,” Betsy Johnson said flatly. “I’m done with this. Field Day is canceled and that’s that.” Betsy turned and walked out of the room.
Kate took a seat at a small table and looked pointedly at the PE teacher.
“What the hell,” Diana stomped over and plopped down. “I’m sorry. What a way to meet us.” She extended her hand. “I’m Diana Harkins. I teach Physical Education.”
Kate glanced to the door and then back to Diana who was twisting the top off a bottle of water. “What’s up with that?”
“You want one?” Diana lifted the bottle. “We have plenty in the cooler.”
“No, thanks.” 
“That,” Diana said hotly, “was our third grade bitch, I mean teacher, who thinks she’s in charge of the world.”
“And she’s in charge of your Field Day?”
Diana shook her head then reached in her pocket and pulled out a small bottle of over-the-counter eye drops. “Wait, give me a moment.” She efficiently squeezed drops into each eye and blinked several times. “Sorry,” she said replacing the cap and shoving the tiny bottle back in her pocket. “Eye allergies. What did you ask?”
“How is it Ms. Johnson is in charge of your event?”
Diana rolled her eyes. “In a moment of weakness I went to Mr. Phelps, he’s the principal, and asked him for some help with Field Day because there’s a lot of planning and preparation. I said I didn’t think it was right that I was the only one doing all the work. Next thing I know, he’s put Ms. Bitch in charge.”
“I take it you don’t care for Ms. Johnson.”
Diana shook her head. “No, not really. Betsy is a good teacher in her own way. We just have very different styles. But if she thinks she can cancel my event because she doesn’t like to be out in the heat she has another thought coming.”
“And what will you do?” Intrigued, Kate leaned forward.
“Parents,” Diana said with a sly smile. “I’m going to make a few phone calls and then we’ll see who’s got the weight around here.”
“Fascinating,” Kate shook her head. “Now, if I could ask you some questions about Christian?”
“Sure, it’s really a shame about his father. What do you want to know?”
“What can you tell me about him?”
Diana thought for a moment. “He’s a loner. Always stays on the fringes of the group if given a choice. Has a temper, but that’s usually directed at himself. He’s not very athletic and he’s critical of his own skills.”
“Does he have any problems with any of the other children?”
Diana shook her head. “Not that I’m aware of. I know that Bruce sometimes picks on him, but Bruce picks on everybody.”
“And how does Christian react when Bruce picks on him?”
“I think he just tries to get away.” Her eyes went wide. “Do you think that’s what happened? Did Bruce do something to make Christian run away?”
“That’s what I’m trying to find out.” 
Phyllis Perry joined Kate next. “I taught Christian in kindergarten,” she offered. “He was a cute little kid but never prepared. I met his mom, and if memory serves me, Mrs.Witmore always seemed a little scattered. I never met his father but I was sorry to hear of his passing. Have they scheduled the funeral yet? We haven’t heard anything.”
“I believe it was originally for today but Mrs. Witmore postponed it due to the circumstances.”
Phyllis sighed in sympathy. “That poor little kid. Does anyone have any idea why he took off?”
“That’s what we’re trying to find out. Can you tell me anything about Christian’s problem with a boy named Bruce?”
“Our resident bully?” Phyllis shook her head. “He transferred here in the middle of last year. I think he had some type of problem at his other school but that’s just rumor. You’d need to speak with Mr. Phelps to get the true story.” She glanced at the clock and rose. “I’ve got to get going. I sure hope nothing has happened to the little guy.”
“Me, too,” Kate added, “thanks for your time.”
After learning none of the other teachers in the room had Christian in their classes, Kate made her way back to the office to request that Bruce be summoned.
Bruce entered the office, and flopped in a chair as he gave Kate the once over. “So what’s up? I didn’t do nothing.”
“Now, Bruce,” Principal Phelps cautioned.
“That’s okay,” Kate interrupted. “No one said you did. I’m Detective Snow and.…”
“Yeah, yeah, you’re a cop and you’re looking for the little creep that’s gone missing. So what’s that got to do with me?”
She kept her smile even. “Why don’t you tell me, Bruce? What’s your relationship with Christian Witmore?”
“Relationship?” He choked back a laugh. “That’s a joke. I don’t have a relationship with little runts like him.”
“Ah ha, and what grade are you in?” she flipped open her notebook.
“What’s that got to do with anything?”
Kate smiled sweetly. “Just answer the question please.”
“I’m in sixth. What’s it to you?”
“Bruce,” the principal warned. “Watch your manners.”
“And how old are you?”
Now he stiffened. “I’m thirteen.”
“Um hum, isn’t that a little old for sixth grade.”
“Look, I didn’t do nothing and I don’t have to sit here and take this shit.”
He started to stand when Kate pinned him with a hard stare. “Sit down.” Her voice had gone hard and her eyes were now cop flat. Bruce eased himself back down in his chair.
“I’d like to know why someone your age would be picking on someone nearly five years younger than you.”
“I never picked on nobody.” He tried for a sneer but his bravado was leaking.
“Gee, that’s not what I hear.”
“Now, Detective Snow,” Mr. Phelps interrupted, “we don’t tolerate bullying. We don’t have that kind of problem here.”
Kate watched Bruce smile and sit a little straighter in his chair. “Yeah, we don’t have that kind of problem here.”
“I see,” she said, her smile back in place. “And as a student that’s, what, nearly fourteen, you enjoy ‘playing’ with the third graders?”
Bruce looked at her like she had grown another head. “What?” he jerked in protest. “Jeez lady, I don’t play with those little twerps.”
“It’s Detective Lady to you,” Kate said easily. “Let’s see, in the past few minutes you’ve called the younger students, creeps, runts and twerps. Do you have a problem, Bruce?”
“I ain’t got no problem,” he said. “I ain’t the one missing.”
“And what would you know about Christian’s problem that would make him go missing?”
Bruce shrugged. “You’d have to ask him.”
“Oh and I will,” she said easily. “Did you know that assault is a crime?”
Now he sat up straighter again. “I never hit him.”
“But you don’t have to actually hit someone to have it labeled assault. If you give a verbal threat against someone, that’s considered assault.”
“Well you’ll have to get him to say that I did it,” he started to smile again. “And since he’s not here, I guess we’re done.”
Kate surprised him by nodding in agreement. “You’re right,” she beamed a smile at him. “You’ve given me all I need to know.”
Now Bruce frowned. “I didn’t give you nothing.”
Kate leaned over and patted his arm. “You just keep thinking that. Now, Mr. Phelps, if you could have Bruce sent back to class I think we’re done here.”
“But I didn’t give you anything,” Bruce stammered. “What’s she talking about?”
“You can go now, Bruce,” the principal looked equally confused. “Get back to class and don’t dawdle on the way.”
Shaking his head and muttering under his breath, Bruce left the office. 
“Now, Detective Snow, I’d like to know what’s going on here.”
Kate closed her notebook. “What’s going on here is a problem that you need to address. That ‘child,’ and I use the word loosely, is terrorizing your younger students.”
“Then why haven’t I heard of this?” he snapped.
“Maybe you need to listen better,” she said, rising to go. “Oh, and you can tell any of the teachers that want to help, a table is being set up at the community center with flyers that need to be handed out.”
* * *
Sitting in history class, Julie struggled to pay attention but her eyes kept wandering to the clock. Fifteen more minutes, she thought with a sigh. Her hand still clutched her phone in her lap. Marques had texted her during class and her heart had yet to stop fluttering. Meet me at the flagpole, it had said. Was he waiting until the last minute to ask her out? Heck, it was already Friday afternoon, but if he was thinking of them as a couple, maybe he didn’t feel he needed to give her more notice. He’d just assume she’d know they were going out. That certainly was her dream. She sighed and looked back at the clock. Fourteen minutes to go. Maybe he’d want to take her for coffee again. Or maybe, she thought, sitting up a little straighter, he’d ask her out for dinner since there wasn’t a home game tonight. But if that was the case how was she going to get around Mom? Mom wasn’t happy that Marques was a musician. Maybe she’d just call and leave a message. “Staying after school for project, be home a little later.” Yeah, that could work. If she got out of class as soon as the bell rang she could stop in the girls’ room and touch up her lipstick. Julie glanced around. Mr. Fairbanks was droning on about some war and most of the class was nodding off. Usually she found his stories funny or at least interesting but today she wished he’d just stop talking and assign something so she could stop pretending she was paying attention. Thirteen minutes to go. Wait, she thought. If I put my lipstick on now, then I wouldn’t have to stop at the girls’ room. Carefully she reached into her purse and found her lipstick and the tiny mirror she carried. Palming the mirror she put her head down and tried to reapply the Tangerine Dream that was now her favorite color.
“This isn’t beauty class, Miss Finch,” Mr. Fairbanks said calmly.
Julie felt her face go rosy with heat. “Sorry,” she mumbled as the class laughed. She slipped the lipstick and mirror back in her purse and struggled to act like she wasn’t embarrassed. Twelve more minutes, she thought.
When the bell finally rang, Julie was out of her seat so quickly she nearly knocked over the chair.
“Miss Finch, I’d like to speak with you.”
Not today, she groaned silently. “Yes, sir.”
“You seem a bit distracted today, is everything okay?”
“Um, sure.” 
“You’re not having any problem with your project or your research?”
My only problem is you, she thought, trying not to show her impatience. “No, sir. I never knew bird smuggling was such a thriving business in Florida.”
“Would you like to go over your outline then?”
“Ah, I’d really appreciate that, Mr. Fairbanks, but I can’t.” When he just continued to look at her, Julie stammered on. “I, ah, I have another appointment right now.”
“I see, then you’d better get going. But let me know if you need any help organizing your outline.”
“Sure, thanks.” Julie turned and all but ran from the classroom. Darn, why today? What if Marques had gotten tired of waiting for her? What if he was already gone? Her stomach started to jitter with the thought. When she reached the door of the building she made herself stop and take a breath. Don’t look anxious, she thought. She took another deep breath then pushed open the door and stepped out.
Marques was at the flagpole as promised, but so were about two dozen other kids. What the heck was going on? Julie forced herself to casually walk over to the group.
“Hey, you made it,” he said with a smile. “Look, we’re going over to the Community Center to help with the search. I thought you might want to come, too.”
“Help with what?” Her brain couldn’t take in what was happening. He wasn’t asking her out?
“That little kid is still missing,” Marques said. “The Community Center needs volunteers to help put up flyers with his picture. So are you in?”
“Ah, sure, I can do that,” Julie struggled to keep the disappointment from her voice.
“Great, do you need a ride?”
“Yeah, I .…”
“No problem, Zeke has room in his car.” Marques turned back to the group. “We’ll all meet up at the Community Center.”
Julie felt her heart sink as she watched him turn to go. His brother, Nigel, and two guys that she knew were in the Jazz Band followed him. At least he wasn’t taking a girl, she thought miserably.
“Hey, Finch,” Zeke called. “You coming or what?”
Julie gave herself a shake. “Yeah, I’m coming.” She climbed into the backseat of Zeke’s car and tried not to look for Marques’ blue Honda.
Julie was surprised by the number of people that crowded in front of the Community Center. It seemed everyone wanted to help find the missing boy. She made her way up to the front where Marques was now talking with Willow. 
“These are great,” he said holding two of her posters. “You outdid yourself, girl.”
Willow beamed. “Thanks, but they weren’t hard to do.”
Nigel took the posters from his brother. “Wow, these are eye catching. Someone is going to actually stop and look at the kid’s picture because of this.”
Julie edged closer to see. “Did you make those?” She looked at Willow in surprise. “I didn’t know you were such an artist. Nigel is right, these are great.”
“You think these are good,” Zeke interrupted. “You should see the 3D project she’s got going in the art room. This is nothing compared to that.”
“Wow and wow again,” Julie said. “These are amazing.”
“Hi, guys,” Sherry Reid walked over. “Willow those are really great.”
Willow gave a half smile and turned to Zeke then rolled her eyes.
“Okay, let’s get going,” Marques turned back to Willow. “Thanks again these are really great. You want to head a team?”
“Sure.” Willow picked up a handful of flyers. “I’ll take Julie and Zeke and we’ll go north.”
“I’ll go with them,” Sherry piped in, ignoring Willow’s startled look.
Marques nodded. “Great, be sure to tell the lady with the map which streets you cover so she can mark it in. Nigel, you grab some friends and go that way, and I’ll take the guys and head in the opposite direction.”
Julie felt her good mood slowly drain away as Marques walked over to his friends. Thoughts of coffee and dinner now a distant memory, she struggled to keep her smile in place. Okay, so she wasn’t going out on a date, she thought miserably. He still had wanted her to help out, and that meant he was still thinking of her. And maybe he was just as frustrated as she was that things had turned out this way. Trying to convince herself that was the case, Julie took the fliers and stapler Zeke handed her and left to follow Willow.
“So are you going out tonight?” Sherry asked walking beside Julie.
“Um, I don’t think so. I’ve got a big history report to work on.”
“Jeez, it’s Friday night. Who works on a history report on Friday night?”
“Someone with good grades,” Willow said then turned her back again.
Sherry ignored the snub. “I’ve got a date with Ricky,” she sighed.
“Is that the guy whose picture you showed me?” Julie asked.
“Mmm-hmm, he’s so cute,” she hugged herself as they walked.
“Where is he taking you?”
Now Sherry gave a sly smile. “Someplace special. He won’t tell me exactly where, but he told me to dress fancy for tonight. I can’t wait,” she nearly squealed.
“Hey, wait a minute,” Julie stopped walking. “What happened in the office? You were going to tell us what Principal Bradshaw was going to do after he saw that ad in the paper for his job. I mean did he get fired or what?”
“It was just a prank,” Sherry said dreamily. “Seems somebody broke into the Guidance Counselor’s office and used her computer. He’s got some geeky computer expert working on it. I overheard him tell Mrs. Dunn they should know who did it by early next week.”
Julie felt her stomach lurch. She looked over at Zeke and saw he was listening to Sherry, too. At her panicked stare, he just smiled and winked. What did that mean? He had told her the code he gave her would look like it came from the guidance office, but could some expert track it back to her? Had Zeke known that when he gave it to her? And suddenly she wondered if everything was just one big prank with her as the patsy.
“Why are you letting Sherry come with us?” Zeke asked Willow in a whisper loud enough to be heard.
Willow turned back and gave Julie and Sherry a dismissive glance. “She can go to the door when there’s a dog in the yard.”
Zeke laughed hysterically. Sherry pretended not to hear and Julie felt the last of her good mood vanish completely.



Chapter Nine

Jo pulled up in front of Aggie’s house and climbed out of her car. It had been a hectic day but it wasn’t over yet. Knocking on the door she glanced around. Despite the heat and lack of rain, the weeds were thriving. A broken toy wagon sat rusting near a boy’s bike with a flat tire. Everything looks so sad, Jo thought, turning as Aggie answered the door.
“Did you find him yet?” Aggie’s eyes were red-rimmed and swollen.
“Not yet, but everyone is still out looking for him. I thought I’d stop over to see how you’re doing.”
“I’m not doing anything wrong,” Aggie folded her arms across her chest.
“No, this isn’t a checkup visit,” Jo said easily. “I care about you and wanted to see if you were okay.”
“I guess you can come in then,” Aggie turned.
Jo pushed open the screen door and had to choke back a gasp. The room was in complete chaos. “Did the police do this?” she asked hesitantly.
Aggie had perched on the edge of an overstuffed chair with a torn cushion. “Do what?”
Jo looked around. Clothing was scattered on the floor, dirty dishes covered the table, and several fast food bags were piled on the coffee table.
“Ah, would you like me to help you clean up some?”
Aggie looked around. “No, that’s okay. Are you sure they haven’t found anything yet?”
Jo shook her head, and stepping around the weight bench, sat on the sofa. When she sank down nearly to the floor she tried to scoot herself back up to the edge.
“Aggie, do you have any idea where Christian might have gone? Does he have a favorite place to play or hide?”
“Why would he need to hide?” Aggie looked startled. “Is he in trouble? Is that really why you’re here? Is that why he won’t come home?”
“I’m asking you,” Jo said quietly. “Did anything happen to make Christian think he was in trouble?”
“I don’t know,” Aggie started to cry again. “He didn’t want to go to school and I made him. But I wrote him a note saying it wasn’t his fault he didn’t have his homework. Do you think that’s what made him run away?”
“I don’t know.” Jo thought of the unyielding Ms. Johnson. “But if he did want to run away, where do you think he’d go? Are there any relatives he might try to get to? Or any favorite places that you’d taken him in the past?”
Aggie shook her head and shredded the tissue she held. Little pieces fell to the floor but she seemed not to notice. “We don’t have any family and Danny wasn’t much for going to fancy places.”
“Well, if you put yourself in Christian’s place, what would you do?”
“The police already asked me that when they came to get some of his hair. Why would they want Christian’s hair?”
Jo held back a sigh. In case they have to identify his body she thought wearily. “Aggie, everything they can learn about Christian helps them with the search.”
“Even having pieces of his hair?”
“Yep, that way they know what he looks like right down to his hair color.”
“I gave them his picture. I had a school picture from last year. He still looks the same he’s just a little taller. Do you think that matters?”
“No, I don’t think that matters.”
“My show comes on now,” Aggie said suddenly and, reaching for the remote, turned on their big screen TV.
“Wow, that’s some TV.” Jo realized it was the only decent piece of furniture in the room.
“Danny liked to watch the games,” she said absently. “But he’d get really upset if his team lost.”
Yeah, Jo thought, I wonder how much he bet on them. “Well, I’ll go now so you can watch your show,” she said struggling to stand.
“Uh huh,” Aggie muttered, her focus totally on the large screen.
“I’ll just show myself out,” Jo made her way to the door taking one last glance at the disheveled room and the woman who didn’t seem to notice. “Good night,” she said from the doorway.
But if she heard, Aggie didn’t reply.
* * *
The search continued for two more days and with each passing hour Kate felt her hopes of finding Christian Witmore alive begin to slip. She knew that there was always the possibility. Elizabeth Smart was found after nine months and Jaycee Dugard survived hell for 18 years. But the thoughts of Christian Witmore having to deal with something like that made Kate sick. She’d completed a run of all the sexual predators in the general area and interviewed several but nothing had turned up. It was like Christian had just vanished, so she was surprised when she received a call from Betsy Johnson asking her to stop by the school. The woman had refused to give any information other than Kate needed to come by after school.
Intrigued, Kate walked into the elementary school and found Diana Harkins hanging a poster for the upcoming Field Day.
“Hey, you got it back?”
“Oh, hello Detective Snow.” She smiled as she put the final staple in place. “On the schedule as planned.”
“How did you manage that?”
Diana smiled. “Never underestimate the power of the parents. I just made a few phone calls and got the ball rolling. Mr. Phelps had no choice -- reinstate Field Day or face a parental revolt.”
“And is Betsy Johnson okay with this?” She thought of Betsy’s cryptic phone call.
“Oh she resigned as the chair, but I expected that. She didn’t want to be responsible for all the work anyway. So in the end I get my Field Day and Betsy doesn’t have to do anything.”
“Sounds like everybody’s happy,” Kate said.
Diana sighed, “Well, not exactly. Mr. Phelps feels like I went behind his back and technically I did. But he never should have sided with Betsy. He knows Field Day is a tradition here.”
“Isn’t this going to cause you a problem since he’s your boss?”
“Not really, I’ve been here longer than he has and I have a lot of parental support. So he can yell and carry on but in the end it will all work out. The Field Day will be a success and then all will be forgiven.” Diana smiled. “I just need to be sure that it’s the best Field Day we’ve ever had, then I’ll be golden again.” She chuckled. “Right now he just considers me a thorn in his side.”
“I guess I should say good luck.”
“Thanks, hey, are you here about Christian? Is there any news yet? I keep hoping we’ll hear something.”
Kate shook her head. “We’re following all leads but right now there’s nothing new. Can you tell me how to find Miss Johnson’s classroom?”
“Sure, she’s over in the temporary building. Go through the doors and around the side of the building. You can’t miss it. She’s the last classroom on the right. Should I say good luck to you, too?” Diana grinned.
Kate smiled back. “Nah, I have my homework so I’ll be okay.” When she entered the portable, Kate stopped. Bulletin boards welcoming students back lined the hallway and someone had already added their own creative decorations to several. She wondered why the teachers hadn’t taken down the flowers that now sported mustaches, but that wasn’t her problem. She found Betsy Johnson in the last classroom as promised.
“Ms. Johnson,” Kate said from the doorway and watched Betsy jerk with surprise. “I’m sorry,” Kate continued entering the classroom. “I didn’t mean to startle you.”
Betsy immediately regained her composure. “Did you stop by the office to sign in, Detective Snow?”
Kate shook her head.
“Then you’ll need to go back and sign in. It’s procedure. That’s why I didn’t realize you were here. Our secretary is to inform us of any visitors.”
“And that’s a good procedure,” Kate said, perching on the corner of one of the student desks. “But since you called me and asked me to come, I’ll let the office know I was here when I’m ready to leave.” Kate surveyed the room. It held none of the welcoming warmth of the hallway but instead rules and regulations covered much of the wall space. Posters admonished students to be good citizens and a wall chart of the times tables hung in a prominent place. Kate smiled remembering her own struggles with the nine times facts until her mother had shown her the key. “Did you have something you wanted to tell me?” She watched the woman struggle for control. Jo was right, she thought, this was the grandmother who would smack your hand if you reached for a cookie.
“It’s not what I want to tell you,” Ms. Johnson said finally, “but what I want to show you.” She rose from behind her desk and moved to the far corner of the room. She stopped at a grouping of four student desks that had been pushed together to form a table. “I instructed the students to clean out their desks today,” she said stiffly. “I won’t tolerate untidy desks.”
Kate moved to stand beside her. “Okay….”
“This is Christian’s desk,” she indicated. “And as you can see it’s already full of clutter.”
“Okay.…” Kate waited.
Betsy reached in and started to pull out papers. “Since Christian wasn’t here, I started to clean out his desk myself and this is what I found.” She held out a crumpled wad of papers to Kate.
Kate took the papers and flipped through them in confusion. “You thought I’d want to see his homework pages?”
Betsy snatched the packet back and set it on the desk. “Not those,” she said with irritation. She sorted through another handful, then separating some, handed Kate another batch.
Now Kate understood. In her hands were Internet searches on antifreeze. The article started with the headline “Danger to Pets.” A quick scan told how domestic pets could be attracted to antifreeze because of the sweet aroma and taste but how it was a deadly poison. Another sheet advertised antifreeze for cars, and a third sheet again warned of the danger to toddlers or pets.
“Where would he have gotten these?” Kate said looking up. “Do you have a computer in the classroom?”
For a moment Betsy looked stunned. “You think he looked that up in here? Absolutely not. Christian didn’t have permission to use the computer since he never had his homework completed on time. As to where he got that, I couldn’t say. I just thought that given the circumstances of his father’s death, that would be of interest to you.”
“Well you’re right about that. And you’re sure he couldn’t have used your classroom computer to access this?”
Betsy drew herself up to her full 5’3”. “I told you he didn’t,” she said tartly. “I don’t misstate the facts, Detective, and I dislike having to repeat myself.”
Kate looked down at the papers in her hand. Oh, Christian, she thought, what have you done? Walking back to her car, Kate felt her phone vibrate. Pulling it out she groaned at the text. “U R needed at ME off – ASAP” Kate hit reply and slipped the phone back in her purse. Okay Willard, she thought, what now?
It was after shift by the time she reached the morgue and she wondered if Willard would still be there. Keying her ID code she entered. She no longer noticed the odors that always seemed present and she briefly wondered when that had happened. Pushing through to Doc Tucker’s office, she was relieved to find the assistant ME still sitting in front of his computer.
“Hey, Willard. I got your message. What’s up?”
He swiveled in his chair to face her. “It’s after shift.”
“I know that,” Kate said easily. “But for dedicated government employees like you and me what’s in a shift? I’ve been in the field all day and just got back. Did you need me for something?”
He reached for a sheet of paper on the desk. “No, I think you need ME for something. I ran the DNA on your missing boy.”
“Okay,” Kate took the report. “Let’s hope we never have to use it.”
“Well, you’re going to want to use it,” he offered smugly. “Because his father is not his father.”
“What!” Kate couldn’t keep the surprise from her voice.
“I had Daniel Witmore’s DNA on file from the autopsy. And for the heck of it I ran a match between him and the hair sample that Officer Sullivan brought in.”
“And they’re not a match?”
“Either Sullivan brought me hair that was not from the kid, or Daniel Witmore is not that boy’s father.”
Kate looked from the report in her hand to Willard. She knew better than to ask if he was sure. “I guess he was Aggie’s child from a previous marriage,” she said slowly. “I’ll have to ask Jo.”
“Jo is involved with this case? I thought hers was the headless body.”
Kate folded the report and slipped it in her bag. “She’s on the edges of this one too,” she said by way of explanation. “Both Agatha and Danny Witmore were clients of hers.”
“But I thought she did the batterers.”
“She does,” Kate said. “Last time Danny tried to get rough with his wife, she hit him over the head with a wine bottle. They both ended up in jail that time, hence on Jo’s client list.”
Willard nodded. “And has she done anything more to identify the killer of our headless body.”
“I don’t think she’s had a moment free to think about it. Look, thanks for this. If we need to test Aggie’s DNA I’ll get back to you.”
“Have Jo get back to me,” he said turning back to his computer. “After all, it is her case.”
Not wanting to further the discussion, Kate just turned. “Thanks again,” she called and hurried out of the land of the dead.
* * *
Jo looked up as Cheryl nudged a bedraggled woman through her doorway.
“Last one of the day,” she announced. “This is Ruby. She’s here for her appointment.” Despite the heat, Ruby wore several layers of clothing none of which matched. The plaid flannel shirt hung open to show a tattered green blouse that nearly covered a once pink tank top. Her skirt hung slack on her pudgy figure and Jo didn’t want to think of how many layers were under there.
“I’m supposed to see Miss Cindy,” Ruby looked from Cheryl to Jo in confusion.
Jo stood and smiled. “Miss Cindy is on vacation,” she said. “But you know me, Ruby.” She indicated the woman should sit.
Ruby hesitated and clutched her large bag even tighter. “Miss Cindy’s gonna be mad if I don’t see her.”
“No she won’t,” Jo said. “In fact, she asked me personally if I would meet with you since she couldn’t be here.”
Ruby cocked her head. “She wanted me to meet with you?”
Jo nodded. “Since she couldn’t be here. She was really disappointed that she wouldn’t get to see you this month, but she didn’t want you to miss your appointment.”
“That was real nice of her.” Ruby finally sat down. “I brought her a present but I guess you can have it.”
Jo signaled Cheryl that she could leave and then turned back to Ruby. “A present, how kind of you.” She watched Ruby root around in her bag and pull out a badly bruised orange.”
“Why, thank you.” She carefully took the rotten orange with two fingers and pulling out a tissue set the orange and the tissue on her desk. “How have you been?”
Ruby’s eyes darted around Jo’s office. “Hmmm?”
“I asked how you’ve been?”
“Been where? I haven’t been anywhere but here.”
“Okay, how are you doing?”
Ruby looked at Jo with confusion. “Doing what?”
Jo smiled and took a breath. “Where are you living now?” She reached for her pen to fill in the missing information on Ruby’s written monthly report.
“Here and there,” she said shifting in her chair.
Okay, Jo thought, let’s try another way. “Are you living in a house now?”
Ruby shook her head. “Too hot for a house. Under the bridge is cooler.”
Jo watched Ruby’s eyes fix on the jar of hard candy on her desk. “Would you like a piece of candy?”
Ruby’s smile showed a strong dislike for dental hygiene and she nodded vigorously. Jo popped the top from the jar and offered it. “Here take some.”
Ruby reached in and took one piece. “Can I have one for old Charley?” she asked. When Jo nodded she carefully reached in for another. “And can I have one for Mr. Burns at the grocery store?” Again, Jo nodded and again watched Ruby carefully select one piece. “And can I have one for Miss Cindy?”
“But Miss Cindy isn’t here.”
“I’ll save it for her,” Ruby said solemnly. And at Jo’s nod she reached in and carefully selected just one piece. “Thank you.”
Jo watched as Ruby placed each piece of candy in a different pocket of her outfit. “Ah, I was looking over Miss Cindy’s notes, Ruby, and you were supposed to report to Lake View for some testing. Did you get there?”
Ruby popped a mint in her mouth then shook her head.
“You know the judge said as part of your probation you were supposed to go there.”
Ruby sucked harder on the candy.
“Why haven’t you done what the judge said?”
“Got no way to get there,” she said simply. “Too far to walk. Too damn hot. Cooler under the bridge.”
“I see. So would you go if you had a way to get there?”
Ruby shrugged and continued to look around the office.
“If I drove you, would you be willing to stay there for a few days?”
Now Ruby frowned. “Stay where?”
“The judge wanted you to go to Lake View. So if I drive you over will you stay there? It’s air-conditioned,” Jo offered. “It would be cooler than under the bridge.”
“Under the bridge isn’t bad,” she defended.
“Ruby, under the bridge is dangerous.”
Ruby shook her head in denial. “Nobody bothers Ruby under the bridge. It’s a good place unless the Birdman is there.”
“The Birdman?”
At Jo’s question, Ruby stiffened and clutched her bag. “I don’t like the Birdman – flies here flies there, always looking when nobody thinks he’s watching.”
“Does the Birdman bother you?”
Agitated now, Ruby started to rock in her chair. “Ruby stays away from the Birdman. Stay away, stay away.”
Fearing she was going to lose Ruby completely, Jo offered the candy jar again. “Would you like another piece?”
Ruby shook her head. “Got one for everybody. Don’t need more.”
“Then will you stay at Lake View if I drive you over?”
“In your car?”
“We can even put the top down,” Jo offered. “Wouldn’t you like to take a ride in my car with the top down?”
 “Like I’d be going on a vacation?” 
“Just like a vacation with good food and air-conditioning. You wouldn’t have to sleep under the bridge to stay cool.”
“Okay.”
Relieved, Jo reached for the phone. “Just let me make a call so they know we’re coming.” When the arrangements were set, Jo stood. “Let’s go start your vacation.”
Ruby smiled. “Everybody goes on vacation. Miss Cindy’s on vacation, the little boy’s on vacation, and now Ruby goes on vacation.”
Jo watched Ruby look at the picture of Christian Witmore tacked to her bulletin board. “Have you seen him?” she asked.
“Mmm-hmm, he’s on vacation with his mom.”
“No,” Jo said slowly. “He’s missing.” She took the picture off the bulletin board and offered it. “His mom is really worried about him. Do you know where he is?”
“How can his mom be worried?” Ruby asked in confusion. “She took him for a vacation.”
“And you’re sure this is the little boy you saw with his mother?”
Ruby nodded firmly. “The pretty lady came and told him they were going on vacation. Then they went away.”
Jo took a mental step back. Pretty lady? She wouldn’t have labeled Aggie ugly but it was a stretch to call her pretty. Getting an idea she sat back down in front of her computer and called up Aggie’s mug shot.
“We’re not going in the car with the top down?”
“Yes, we are, but in just a minute. Ruby is this the lady you saw with Christian?”
Ruby shook her head. “That’s not his mama. His mama was really pretty. She had gold hair and wings like an angel.”
“But you saw someone with blonde hair take Christian away?”
“Mmm-hmm, for their vacation like Miss Cindy and now Ruby.”
“Okay,” Jo sent a quick e-mail to Kate and then turned off her computer. “Let’s go and get you started on your vacation.”
Ruby paused in the doorway and reached in the pocket of her green blouse. She withdrew one of the pieces of candy. “Would you keep this for Miss Cindy? I don’t know the people on vacation and one of them might take it from me.”
“Sure, I’ll keep it safe and give it to her when she gets back.”
On the ride to the treatment facility, Jo tried unsuccessfully to get more information out of Ruby about the woman with the gold hair. With the top down, talking was difficult as it was and somehow Ruby had become fearful that the Birdman might be on vacation, too. Afraid that once they got there, Ruby would flee, Jo spent most of the ride trying to reassure her.
When they pulled up outside the facility, a pretty woman in a pink sundress opened the door to greet them. “Ruby, how good to see you again. We have your room all ready for you.”
Ruby clutched her bag and looked at Jo. “I’ve been here before,” she said with sudden recognition.
“It’s a good place,” Jo said, gently taking her arm and steering her inside. “You’ll be safe inside and look, it’s cool in here!”
The greeter smiled. “We’re having chicken for dinner tonight.” 
“Mashed potatoes and gravy?” Ruby asked.
“Yes, and biscuits with lots of butter and honey.”
Ruby turned to Jo. “This will be okay for Ruby’s vacation,” she said solemnly. “The beds are lumpy but the food is okay.” And turning she let the woman lead her away.
For a moment Jo just stood in the lobby. Had Ruby really seen Christian and some woman? And how reliable would her information be? Then she thought of the piece of candy that was sitting on her desk waiting for Cindy. The generosity of the poor, she thought, wasn’t rare, just rarely noticed.



Chapter Ten

“What a great party!” Cathy Tiller stood next to Diana. “She had no idea. Did you see the look on her face? It was priceless.”
Diana Harkins smiled. “Yep, we pulled it off.”
Cathy looked around the restaurant’s gaily, decorated banquet room. Clusters of helium balloons filled each corner and floated as centerpieces atop each table. A long table near the front was piled high with gifts, while another held a cake that said “Happy 30th Phyllis.”
“We nothing,” Cathy said. “You take credit where credit is due. Nobody could have pulled this off like you did. The room is beautiful, the dinner was fantastic, Phyllis was surprised, and heck – you got the entire faculty, including Betsy to come.”
Diana beamed with satisfaction. The room did look spectacular and her best friend had been surprised. “Well, I might have organized it but I had a lot of help setting things up.”
Cathy patted her arm. “And you got Field Day back.”
“That definitely wasn’t me,” she said still smiling. “The parents pulled that one out of the trash.”
“And who set up the parents and gave them the incentive to go in and harass Mr. Phelps?”
Diana’s grin came slow. “Maybe I did make a few specific calls.”
“Few my ass,” Cathy shook her head. “You ran right over that man and he never knew what hit him. How did Betsy take the news? She can be quite a pill when things don’t go her way.”
“She’s fine. She never wanted to be in charge of it anyway. I get Field Day back and on schedule and she’s relieved of being chairperson. She hates being outside in the heat so she’ll stay home and call for a substitute that day and everybody will be happy.”
“And how long is it going to take Mr. Phelps to forgive you?”
Diana rocked back on her heels and continued to watch her friends on the dance floor. “That might take a little longer,” she confided. “But I’ll get around him. After we have the best Field Day in history, I’ll get the same parents who complained to go and compliment him. He’ll accept the praise as if the new additions were his ideas, and all will be forgiven.”
“Yeah, he’ll accept the credit for your hard work – and you hope all will be forgiven. But I tell you, Diana, I’ve never seen that man so angry. After Mrs. Montgomery left his office, his face was so red it was almost purple. I thought he was going to have a stroke right on the spot.”
Now Diana turned to give Cathy her full attention. “Did you hear what she said to him? I know she can come on a little strong sometimes.”
“A little strong? Like “my husband is on the Board of Directors and if I have to start making phone calls to my friends who have children here, you can start looking for a new position” strong?”
Diana winced. “Ouch, I told her to be forceful not threatening. No wonder he’s so angry.”
“That’s not the half of it. I don’t know if you’ve noticed because you’ve been so busy with the details here, but he’s been staring daggers at you all evening. Even his wife noticed and called him on it.”
“I bet that didn’t go over well. Maybe I should go over and make nice.”
“If I were you I’d stay as far away as possible until the man cools down. Don’t ask for trouble when you already have a plate full.”
“I guess you’re right. Besides, I don’t want to do anything to spoil Phyllis’s party.” Diana pulled out her eye drops.
“Hey, I didn’t mean to make you upset.”
“What? These? No, it’s just this darn weather has sent my eye allergies into overdrive.” She tipped back her head and quickly dispensed several drops in each eye. Blinking, she smiled at Cathy. “These seem to help.” She slipped the tiny bottle back into her pocket. “Then, if you’re really okay,” Cathy continued, “my suggestion is to get some of that delicious cake before the rest of the gang scarfs it all down.”
Phyllis danced across the floor then stopped and caught Diana in a tight hug. “You are the best friend a girl ever had! I love this party. I can’t believe no one slipped and let me in on it!”
Diana returned the hug. “Well you only turn 30 once.”
“Thank god! Look when this is over do you want to come back to our place for a drink?”
“I’d love to,” Diana said. “But I think Jack has plans for you for tonight.”
Phyllis blushed and continued to beam. “Did he give you any help with this at all?”
Diana nodded. “You have a very devoted fiancé. He came up with a great friends list and hence,” she gestured to the crowded room, “one banging party.”
“Well, I can’t thank you enough. And no offense, but you look exhausted.”
“It’s my eyes,” Diana said. “These allergies are driving me crazy. I’ve got an appointment with the doctor tomorrow to see if he can actually prescribe something. The over-the-counter drops help, but only for a short time. I’m putting them in constantly and I don’t think that’s a good thing.”
“Well, call me if they want to dilate your eyes and you need a ride home.”
“Thanks, but I’m sure I’ll be fine. Look, why don’t you start opening your gifts now? It’s getting late and I know everyone wants to see what’s in those spectacular packages.”
“A fantastic party and I get presents!” Phyllis all but sang. She gave Diana another quick hug and turned to Cathy. “Isn’t she just the best ever?”
Cathy grinned in return. “The very best.”
They oohed and ahhed as Phyllis opened her presents. Some were funny; like the bottle of Grecian hair dye, some were beautiful, like the gold charm bracelet from Jack, and some were surprising in their thoughtfulness, like the movie tickets from Betsy.
It was nearing midnight when Diana was finally able to help Phyllis and Jack carry the last of the gifts to the car.
“I can’t believe how warm it still is,” Jack said closing the trunk. “It’s midnight and the temp is still knocking the mid 90’s. Makes you wonder what tomorrow will be like.”
“I can tell you that,” Diana said, swatting at the no-see-ums that swarmed around their white car. “Hot, hot and hotter.”
“Well I’ve got to thank you again for the best birthday ever,” Phyllis said. “Are you sure you don’t want to come back with us for a drink?”
Diana shook her head. “I have an early appointment tomorrow so I’m home to bed. You both enjoy the rest of your evening. And I’ll see you,” she hugged Phyllis, “at school on Monday.”
Calling good night and goodbye, Diana walked to her car and climbed in. She quickly turned over the motor and clicked the air to high. What a night, she thought, pulling out of the parking lot, and what a great party. Now if her eyes just weren’t so itchy. She reached in her pocket for her eye drops.

* * *
Sherry sat at her pretend vanity and continued to fuss with her hair. Ricky always said he liked the way it tumbled around her face. She smiled at herself and tried to stop the flutters that had been in her stomach since he had sent her the text. Tonight he was taking her someplace special and would she wear that cute black outfit again? She heaved a sigh. None of the boys she knew at school would even remember what clothes she’d worn, let alone ask her to wear something special. But Ricky was like that. He’d told her she was beautiful. She tied a scarf around her neck and tried to decide if it made her look more sophisticated or just silly. No, it was too hot for a scarf. She fanned herself with the limp silk. She’d already opened the window so the telltale screech wouldn’t wake her old man when she climbed out. But now the heat from the day was pouring in through the window and making her sweat. The house was never that cool to begin with and this was turning her room into a furnace.
Picking up the little plastic fan she’d gotten from the dollar store she clicked it on. The blades whirled and Sherry held it up to face her. Warm air blowing was better than no air. But within minutes the fan slowed and then stopped. She jiggled it then pulled out the batteries. They put such crap in these things. She stood and tiptoed to the door of her room. Ma kept batteries in the freezer, and she could already hear the old man snoring in front of the TV, but Ma hadn’t left yet. With her hand on the doornob Sherry hesitated. If Ma saw her in this outfit with her tight skirt just south of legal and her halter top with the deep V in the front, she’d know something was up and start with the third degree. And if she was late, Sherry wasn’t sure Ricky would stay and wait for her. He’d been very specific as to what time she was to be on the corner. So far she’d never been late, so if she wasn’t there, would he wait or just drive on? No, she couldn’t think about that right now. Ricky had told her she was beautiful, and no one, not even her mother had ever said that to her.
Deciding not to take the chance, Sherry perched on the corner of her bed. She had her radio playing low so if Ma listened at the door she wouldn’t think anything was up. And she’d stuff pillows under the spread just before she left so if someone decided to open the door and check, a quick glance would convince them she was already asleep.
When she finally heard the front door open then close, she prayed it didn’t wake her father. She listened and a few minutes later the car started and pulled out of the drive. Glancing at the clock Sherry breathed a sigh of relief. She wouldn’t be late. Quickly she fixed the pillows. Taking her old hairpiece, she wrapped it around her stuffed parrot then placed it on the pillow half under the covers. She stepped over to the door to survey her creation. Yep, with the lights off it should do the trick. Grabbing her purse Sherry eased herself out the window. Ricky, here I come.
He was late. Sherry stood restlessly on the assigned corner and tried to ignore the horns that blew as the cars rode by. Where was he? She checked her watch again. Had he changed his mind? She leaned against the brick wall of the bakery and tried to stay out of the light so the bugs wouldn’t find her as easily. Her curls were going limp, and she could feel sweat trickling down her neck.
The catcalls from passing cars were really starting to get to her and Sherry felt her eyes begin to sting. Taking a tissue from her purse, she dabbed at the sweat on her face and neck and tried not to smear her makeup. She knew what her reputation was. Nicole and her stuck up friend Willow had seen to that. Had Ricky heard something and decided they were right? Was he dumping her? Maybe this was all just a joke to see how long pathetic little Sherry would stupidly stand on the corner and listen to jeers from the passing cars while she melted from the heat. She’d been the butt of jokes before but this would be the worst. A tear ran down her cheek and she angrily swiped it away. Well she’d give him ten more minutes, and then she was out of here. The relief she felt when his car pulled to the curb was overwhelming. She opened the door and slipped inside.
“You’re late,” she said trying to sound more angry than hurt. She turned the air vents to blow on her face. “It’s so fricking hot out there.”
Ricky reached over and stroked the back of her neck. “I’m sorry, Baby Doll. I got held up. I was trying to pick out a present for you and I couldn’t decide.”
Sherry turned to look at him. God he was gorgeous. Movie star handsome with that sharp jaw and deep set eyes that smoldered when he looked at her. “You got me a present?”
“If you come on over here and plant one on,” he tapped his lips, “I might be persuaded to give it to you.”
Sherry moved across the seat and leaned against him. His arm wrapped around her pulling her even closer. “Now that’s better,” he whispered against her lips. “I’ve been thinking of you all day.”
When he eased her back, she was breathless. He didn’t fumble when he touched her like the boys at school did. “You said you got me a present?” She tried to sound casual but her words came out in a gasp.
Ricky smiled and reaching past her, flipped open the glove compartment. He withdrew a long black box and dropped it in her lap. Sherry picked it up and clutched it to her chest with both hands. “It’s really for me?” No one ever gave her gifts, she thought. She got the obligatory gift or two at Christmas, but no one even remembered her birthday let alone a gift for no reason at all. Ricky smiled and nodded.
“Are you just going to sit and hold it all night or are you going to open it?”
Struggling to keep her tears at bay, Sherry opened the box to find a slender gold chain with a delicate heart charm hanging from it. “You stole my heart,” he said quietly taking the chain from the box and lifting it over her head. He adjusted the position of the heart directly between her breasts and Sherry felt her stomach go weak again as his knuckles brushed back and forth against her.
“It’s beautiful,” she said finally. “It’s the most beautiful thing I’ve ever seen.”
“Not as beautiful as you, Baby Doll.” Ricky smiled pulling the car from the curb.
Sherry tried not to show her disappointment when he drove them to the bar he had taken her to before. He had said they were going someplace special, but in her mind the Night Owl Bar wasn’t it. She’d been excited the first time he’d brought her here, but once inside the glamour had disappeared. The place reeked of beer and other odd smells, and peanut shells littered the floor. It was on the dark side and despite the waitress giving their table a wipe, the top had still been sticky. And for some odd reason Ricky always parked in the back. She didn’t utter a sound when once again he took her hand and led her in through the kitchen.
“Our booth,” he said proudly as he steered her to the back corner of the room.
She tried to slide in but her legs were still damp from the heat and stuck to the leather bench. Awkwardly she maneuvered, trying to keep her skirt from riding to her waist. Having no problems at all, Ricky slipped in across from her then reached to take her hand. “So how was school?”
Sherry shook her head as he played with her fingers. “I don’t want to talk about that. What did you do today?”
“Oh a little of this and a little of that.” He smiled in a way that had her stomach going all fluttery again. And he didn’t drop her hand when the waitress came to the table to get their order.
She’d started to ask for a Diet Pepsi, but Ricky spoke first. Sherry tried not to act surprised when he ordered a beer for each of them and a shot for himself. He’d never ordered alcohol for her before and she waited in agony for the waitress to ask for her ID, but the woman just nodded and went back to the bar.
When their beers came moments later, Ricky picked up his mug and gestured for her to do the same. “Down the hatch, Baby Doll. This is the best drink with the weather so fucking hot.” They clinked mugs and Ricky took a deep drink draining nearly half his glass.
Sherry sipped the cold brew and tried not to grimace. She’d tasted beer before but found she didn’t like it. She wondered how she could politely ask for a soda, then dismissed the idea as too childish. She reached up with one hand to touch the heart charm that now rested between her breasts. Then holding the frosty mug with her other hand gulped down as much as she could stand.
“Good stuff,” Ricky said, tossing back his shot and then finishing the rest of his beer.
“What’s in the shot?” she asked, trying to ignore the way her stomach flutters had turned to a queasy churn.
“Why, it’s good tequila. Want to try one?”
Her brain told her no way, but Sherry heard herself say, “Sure, why not?”
Ricky smiled and reached for the hand that held her necklace. He let a finger slip under her halter and instinctively she pulled back. “Ricky,” she giggled feeling her face go hot. “What are you doing?” She glanced around quickly to see if anyone had noticed, but no one was even looking in their direction.
Ricky leaned over the table. “I want a kiss,” he said firmly. “Right here, right now.”
Sherry’s eyes went wide. “In public, like this?”
“Are you embarrassed to be seen with me?” The hurt expression on his face was her complete undoing.
“Oh,my gosh, no,” and leaning toward him, they kissed. This time when she felt his caress, she didn’t pull away.
“That’s my girl.” He was smiling again when he leaned back in the booth. “You know what? I think you deserve another treat. I’ll be right back.”
Sherry watched in confusion as he slid out of the booth. The man had one fine ass, she thought, watching him swagger to the bar. When he returned, he held a tray with two more beers and two shots.
“Two for me and two for my Baby Doll,” he said placing the glasses in front of her. “Honey, you haven’t finished the first one yet. Drink up like a good girl so I can take the empties to the bar.”
Not knowing how to refuse, Sherry picked up her glass and drained the contents. An hour later she stared at the empty glasses that now littered their table. Had they really drunk all that? She desperately needed to use the bathroom but was afraid to move. Her head had started to spin each time she shifted even slightly and now when Ricky spoke he sounded like he was in a tunnel far away. She watched him smile and drain his glass again. He actually had more than her, but he didn’t seem to be affected at all. Afraid he was going for more she wanted to cry in protest when he slipped out of the booth again. But Ricky only smiled and reached for her hand.
“Come on, Baby Doll. I think you’ve had enough, and I don’t want you falling asleep before the next part of our evening.” He helped her ease out of the booth then steadied her as she swayed. “Whoa, Sweetheart. You okay?”
“I need to pee,” she said weakly. He supported her with an arm around her waist and steered her to the ladies room. Sherry wobbled inside and into an empty stall. She emptied her bladder and desperately prayed she wasn’t going to puke. Standing at the sink she wanted to splash cold water on her face, but the act of leaning forward was enough to start her stomach on a serious roll again. Deciding it was safer just to wet a paper towel and blot her face, Sherry wondered what Ricky would say if she asked him to take her home. She’d been so looking forward to this date, but now all she wanted to do was crawl into bed and lay her face on a cool pillow. Things were not working out the way she had planned.
The door pushed slightly open. “Baby Doll, you okay in there?”
Tears filled her eyes at the concern in his voice. Keeping one hand on the wall for support, Sherry slowly made her way to the door. “I’m okay,” she tried to smile. “But I think you need to take me home.”
Ricky pulled her close supporting her slight weight against him. “I think my Baby Doll needs to go to bed,” he said softly.
Sherry wanted to weep with gratitude. “Thanks for understanding. I thought you might be mad.”
“Honey,” he scooped her into his arms and carried her through the kitchen and out the back door. “Why would I be mad? I want to go to bed with you.”
Her head lolled against his chest. Did he mean he wanted to have sex? Her stomach did another roll. She should probably tell him she was a virgin, she thought. And closing her eyes to stop the world from spinning, she was instantly asleep.
Smiling, Ricky placed her limp form in the car and secured the seatbelt to keep her from flopping over. As far as he was concerned their evening was just beginning. Whistling, he climbed into the driver’s seat and started the engine. As he pulled into traffic he began to hum softly with the radio. Yes, it was going to be a damn fine night. Sherry moaned and slumped further down in her seat. Realizing he hadn’t pulled the seatbelt tight enough, Ricky reached over and undid the latch. He never saw the light go from yellow to red until it was too late. The impact exploded his airbag. He had a moment to register the terrible sound of crashing metal then pain consumed him and all went black.
* * *
Kate wasn’t smiling when she finally pulled into Jo’s driveway and all the lights flashed on. She was weary to the bone and sick at heart. Opening the door she was surprised to find Jo half asleep on the sofa with her laptop open and propped on her lap with a pillow.
“What are you doing up?” she said dropping down into the overstuffed chair. “It’s nearly four in the morning.”
“Well, I started doing some searches on my dead body, since Jared Rodriquez now has a name, and I think I fell asleep. You’re really late.” She yawned until her jaw cracked. “What’s up?”
“Traffic accident,” Kate said simply. “A bad one.”
“Fatalities?”
Kate nodded. “Two. And to make it worse, I knew one of them.”
Jo set the computer aside and swung her legs to the floor. “Oh, Kate, I’m so sorry. Anyone I know, too?”
Kate leaned her head back against the chair and closed her eyes. “I’m not sure. It was one of the teachers from Christian’s elementary school.”
“What?”
“Yeah, small world huh? Diana Harkins, the physical education teacher. Bitch of it is I spoke with her just this afternoon. She was hanging these posters in the hallway all smiles because they had reinstated the Field Day.” Midnight walked over and gave Kate several head butts. Getting no reaction she jumped into Kate’s lap, turned several circles and started to purr.
“I’m so sorry.”
“And that’s not the worst of it,” Kate continued, absently stroking the cat. “The other driver was DUI and he had a teenager in the car with him. She bought it, too. I had to wake her father up at midnight and tell him his daughter was in an accident and she was dead.”
“God, of all the shit you have to put up with in your job, that has to be the worst. Can I get you anything? A cup of tea or something?”
“You know, I really don’t want to talk about this right now, okay?” Kate took a deep breath and, setting the cat back on the floor, stood slowly. “I just can’t think about this anymore.” And turning she went to her bedroom with the cat close behind her.
Jo stood and wished there was something she could do. But knowing Kate, it was best to just let her be for a while. In the morning she’d see if talking it out would make a difference. But then, she thought, how could she make a difference? The dead would still be dead.
* * *
The next morning Bella’s tail started to thump the floor and Jo looked up to see Kate, still wearing a robe, standing in the kitchen doorway.
“You didn’t get much sleep,” she said looking at the clock. “I’m surprised to see you up this early.”
“The smell of coffee called to me,” she said slowly. She poured herself a mug then looked back at Jo. “You need a refill?”
“Nah, I’m good.”
“Sorry I crapped out on you last night.”
“No problem, it had to be pretty awful.”
Kate took a sip and then settled in the chair across from Jo. “I kept dreaming about it. Each time I closed my eyes I saw the twisted metal of the cars and all the blood.” She shuddered. “Not a pretty sight.”
“And you had to be the one to notify next of kin?”
Kate nodded and closed her eyes. “I think that was even worse than recognizing Diana.” She took another sip of her coffee. “I didn’t want to tell the parents over the phone that their daughter was killed in a traffic accident, so I drove to their house. I wake the dad up and he’s telling me his kid is asleep in her bed and who the fuck did I think I was to show up on their doorstep at that hour of the night? He’d been drinking and he’s not too steady on his feet so we go into the living room. He still swears that the kid is in bed, and starts yelling for his wife. Well, no one comes and he’s hollering loud enough to wake the, well, let’s just say he was really loud. So he tells me he’ll prove it’s not his kid and goes to her room and flips on the light.” Kate sighed. “She’d stuffed pillows under the spread and her window was open. The dad turns, takes one look at me and falls to his knees. He’s now sobbing on the floor when the mom pulls up. She comes in all pissy, reeking of alcohol and stale sex, and wants to know what the fuck is going on and who the hell am I.”
“Oh, Kate.” Jo pushed a box of tissues forward and wondered if Kate realized that tears were running down her cheeks.
“So the dad is yelling at the mom that their kid is dead, and then the mom pushes into the room and flips back the spread revealing the staged pillows. She turns on the dad and demands to know why he let her go out; when it’s clear the kid went through the opened window. The dad gets off the floor and starts yelling, where the fuck have you been all this time? They’re nose-to-nose and I swear, Jo, I thought for a moment they were going to start throwing punches.”
“You know, your job has some really crappy parts to it.”
Kate sighed and lifted Midnight onto her lap. “The mom finally turns to me and wants to know how we identified their daughter and where she is and how it’s probably all a mistake anyway. So I give her the kid’s purse. She takes one look at it and gets hysterical. So she’s now crying and the dad, instead of comforting her, starts in on how she’s always been a lousy mother and it was her fault their daughter was turning into a slut like her.” Kate reached for a tissue and wiped her eyes. “Christ, I just told them their daughter was dead and instead of comforting each other, they’re having a knock-down, drag-out fight. I just couldn’t stand to listen to any more. I left my card and told them to call me if they had any more questions. Then I left and came home.”
“I’m so sorry you had to deal with that.” Jo got up and refilled Kate’s coffee cup. “Can you eat some breakfast? I made French toast.”
At Kate’s shrug, Jo opened the oven and took out a plate. “Careful,” she said setting it on the table. “The plate’s really hot.” She watched Midnight sit up straighter on Kate’s lap. “And paws off, you,” she pointed at the cat. “Your breakfast is over there on the floor.”
“Thanks.” Kate took her fork and cut off a corner of the golden bread. “That little girl was only fifteen.”
“And she was in the car with the teacher?”
Kate shook her head. “No she was in the other car. Her parents said they’d never heard of Richard Smith. Didn’t know anyone by that name. I left them arguing as to whose fault it was that their little girl had to sneak out with someone they didn’t even know.”
“So what happened to this Richard person?”
“He’s in the hospital. I think he has a broken arm and some cracked ribs and I’m not too sure but I think there was something about his leg or it might have been his foot. Anyway, his blood alcohol is off the charts so he’ll be sited for DUI.”
“Will he be charged for the deaths?”
“I’m not sure. First glance says he’s the one that ran the red light, but until we complete the investigation, I don’t know.”
“And the other victim?”
“The physical education teacher at Christian’s school.” Kate shook her head again. “I mean what are the chances, I just spoke with her a few hours before. She’s all happy about this event at school and now she’s dead.”
“Will you pull grief counselors in?”
“Have to. I’m going to call Isaac later this morning and ask him to help with the high school kids and see if he can suggest someone to go to the elementary school to be there for the teachers. This is really going to hit them hard. I got the distinct impression when I was there that Diana was very well liked and respected.” Kate pushed the food around on her plate. “So what were you doing last night? I’m a little foggy about that.”
Jo sat back at the table and glanced at her laptop. “Now that I know the name of the dead guy, I’m doing a search to see if I can shake something out that might lead me to his killer. He had a sheet a mile long so I’ve noted all the places he lived and I’m doing the resident search.”
Kate shook her head. “That’s going to take you days. Any progress on the missing kid?”
“Well, I might actually have a tip on that one. I wanted to run it by you before I officially called it in.”
“What did you get?”
“I had homeless Ruby in yesterday.”
“Homeless Ruby? What’s a homeless Ruby?”
“That’s what we call her. She’s probably in her fifties, mostly harmless and lives under the bridge near the old tracks.”
“If you have her, she’s not harmless.” Kate said pointedly.
“See, she’s not really mine. I just saw her because Cindy is on vacation and I told her I’d take her cases this week.”
“Okay, so what does homeless Ruby have to do with missing Christian?”
“Well she’s in my office and I’m getting ready to drive her over to Lake View.” At Kate’s pointed look Jo hurried on. “I know, I know, but it’s on her requirement sheet and she has no way to get there. So we’re getting ready to leave and she’s talking about how everybody is going on vacation. Cindy is on vacation, the kid is on vacation, and now she’s going on vacation, too.”
“And again, okay, what does this have to do with Christian?”
“I have a picture of him on my bulletin board, one of the missing child posters. Ruby takes one look at him and says his mother picked him up for vacation.”
“What? Aggie picked him up?” Kate stood and Midnight slid to the floor with a thump.
“No, that’s just it. When I pull up Aggie’s picture on my computer, Ruby says that’s not his mother. The woman who took him had blond hair. Actually, I think she said gold hair.”
“Ruby saw someone take the boy?”
“That’s what she said. She told me she was in the woods near the school ‘cause it’s cooler there. Kate, that’s really close to the area where Mason took us. Ruby said the lady came and told him they were going on vacation. And then they left together. She said it had to be his mother because they both had the gold hair.”
Kate reached for the phone at her waist and realized she was still wearing her robe. “I gotta get dressed. How reliable is this Ruby?”
“Well,” Jo stretched out the word. “She does have some mental issues, hence the stay at Lake View. And she’s afraid of someone she calls the Birdman who’s always watching. But she had no reason to say anything about Christian so I think she probably did see something.”
Kate nodded. “I’m going to call this in. Knowing somebody picked him up makes it very different from a child who just wandered away. And,” she smacked her head, “with all that’s happened, I forgot to tell you, we found out that Danny isn’t Christian’s father.”
“What?” Jo gasped. “When did this happen?”
“Worm called me and I stopped by the M.E.’s office after my visit to the school yesterday.”
“Wait, why did you need to go back to the school?”
“Christian’s teacher, Ms. Johnson, called and asked me to come by.”
“Did she want to see your homework?” But Kate didn’t grin as Jo had hoped.
“She was cleaning out Christian’s desk and found that he had done Internet searches on antifreeze.”
“What! The kid is only eight. How could he do Internet searches?”
“You’d be surprised what a kid of eight can do on a computer these days. Some of them are probably better than we are.”
“That’s just scary.”
“Tell me about it. He had searches on how dangerous antifreeze was to pets and small kids. He knew it was a poison. And one of the searches explained how if someone ingested the stuff they could even die.”
“Damn it, Kate, do you think he killed his father?”
Kate shook her head. “I don’t know – but at least we know that Danny wasn’t his biological father. Did Aggie ever tell you she’d been married before?”
Now Jo shook her head. “I think I need to go and have another talk with her. And wait, didn’t you say he clammed up each time you tried to talk to him. Here we’re thinking maybe he saw something.…”
“And instead maybe he’s done something,” Kate finished. “We’ve got to get dressed and get moving.” And ignoring her uneaten breakfast, Kate hurried from the room.
Jo looked down at her cutoff jeans and stained tee. “I thought I was dressed.” Bella just wagged her tail.



Chapter Eleven

Their first stop was Lake View where they found Ruby clad in an institutional blue gown and robe, sitting in front of the washer in the facility’s laundry room.
“It’s the only way we could get her to let us wash her clothes,” the aid said in a whisper, fanning her nose as way of explanation. “She was afraid someone was going to take her things and she wouldn’t get them back.”
“She has possession issues,” Jo offered. “She doesn’t have much, but what she has she protects.”
“Tell me about it,” the aid said. “Well, she’s all yours. Let me know if you need anything else.”
Not wanting to startle the woman, Jo called from the doorway. “Hey, Ruby, how’s it going?”
Ruby turned and took a moment before recognition set in. “Miss Jo,” she smiled. “Are you on vacation here, too?”
Jo heard Kate give a snort of laughter behind her. “No, I just came by to see how you were doing. Are you having a good time since you don’t have to be out in the hot weather?”
Ruby looked back at the washer. “You got to be careful here cause they want to take your clothes.”
“But they’ll be all nice and clean when they come out.” She walked over to stand beside the woman. Without her many layers of clothing, Ruby gave a surprisingly frail appearance. “Think of how nice it will feel to put clean clothes on.” When Ruby remained silent, Jo continued. “Actually I brought a friend for you to meet.”
Ruby looked over at Kate. “Is she going on vacation here?”
Kate smiled and stepped closer. “I wish I could go on vacation,” she said easily. “But actually I was hoping you could help me.”
Ruby looked from Kate to Jo then back to the washer. “I’ve got to watch my clothes. I don’t want anybody to take them.”
“You don’t have to leave that chair,” Kate said moving closer and squatting down so she and Ruby were almost at eye level. “My friend Jo told me you saw the missing little boy and his mama in the woods behind the school.”
“Going on vacation,” Ruby said, never taking her eyes from the washer’s window.
“Can you tell me what she looked like?” Kate prodded.
“Looked like each other.”
“Was she tall or short?”
Ruby tore her gaze from the spinning clothes and looked at Kate. “Why?”
Kate hesitated a moment. “Well, Ruby, that wasn’t his mama.”
“But she looked like him.”
“I know,” Kate said gently. “But his real mama is so worried. She’s been crying all night because her little boy is lost.”
“But he’s on vacation.”
Now Kate shook her head. “Ruby, I think that might have been a bad woman. The little boy’s name is Christian and that wasn’t his mama.”
Ruby’s eyes went wide. “She stole him from his real mama?”
“I think that’s what happened. So can you help me find him?”
“He’s not on vacation?”
“I don’t think so. I think that bad woman stole him. Can you tell me anything about her?”
Ruby stared at the washer and for a moment Kate was afraid she wasn’t going to answer. “She was pretty,” she said finally.
“And she had gold hair?”
Nodding, Ruby’s face lined with concentration. “Why did he go with her if she wasn’t his mama?”
“I don’t know,” Kate said. “Maybe she told him his mama had asked her to get him.”
Ruby’s eyes grew wide again. “She lied?”
“I think she might have.”
“It’s not right to tell lies. Ruby doesn’t lie,” she said turning back to the washer, which was now in the spin cycle making the clothes rotate faster.
“Can you tell me anything else you saw that day?” Kate pressed. “Did she have a car?”
Ruby nodded and Kate fought to keep her excitement from showing. “Can you tell me what kind of car?”
Ruby looked blank. “I don’t have a car.”
Kate took a steadying breath. “No, can you tell me what kind of car the bad woman had?”
“A big one.”
“She drove a big car?”
Ruby nodded. “It was white.”
“So the bad woman drove a big white car. Was it a van?”
“Like the Birdman.”
Jo reached down and laid a hand on Kate’s shoulder and squeezed.
“But his is black ‘cause he’s bad. Always looking when he thinks no one is watching.” She hugged herself and started to rock back and forth. “Bad man, bad man.”
“Look,” Jo interrupted in a cheerful voice, “the clothes are finished.”
Ruby looked up and stared at the washer door where the clothing no longer spun. 
“We should take them out. Want me to help you?” At Ruby’s continued silence, Jo slowly opened the washer door. “Look how pretty and clean they are,” she said brightly.
“They’re all wet.”
“They’re wet right now, but we’ll put them in this dryer and that will make them nice for you.”
“No good if they’re wet.”
“They won’t be wet for long. Look,” she carefully pulled the clothes from the washer, placed them in the dryer and turned it on. “See, you can still watch them go round.”
Ruby stopped rocking. “Got all wet and didn’t even rain.”
“Can you tell my friend Kate anything more about the lady or her car?” Jo urged. “Think real hard, cause we want to get Christian back to his mama so she won’t be so sad.”
Ruby’s face scrunched up again then she shook her head. “Not on vacation. Are you sure Miss Cindy is on vacation?”
Jo smiled, “Yes, Miss Cindy is on vacation and she’s having a good time. She would want you to have a good time, too. And wait, I almost forgot.” Jo reached in her bag and pulled out a small plastic container of hard candy. “I brought these for you.”
Taking the candy, Ruby looked confused. “For me?”
“Yep, cause you’ve helped my friend Kate and that was really important.”
Ruby nodded and popped the top off the lid. She stared at the brightly wrapped candy like it was a treasure and then carefully selected one piece. Putting the top back on she handed the container back to Jo.
“Thank you,” she said solemnly.
“No,” Jo pressed the box back into Ruby’s hand. “The whole box is for you.” 
“I don’t need all this,” Ruby said.
“Ah, maybe you could give a piece to your friends,” Kate offered.
Ruby looked at the candy. “Don’t have that many friends,” she said simply.
“I know,” Kate said standing. “Why don’t you keep the rest for yourself and then you can have one piece each day. That way it will last a long time.”
Ruby nodded. “One piece a day, okay then.” She smiled a toothless grin.
“And thanks again for the help with the bad lady’s car,” Kate said as they turned to go.
“Not from around here,” Ruby called, clutching the candy box.
“What?” Kate stopped in the laundry doorway.
“Didn’t have an orange. Not from around here.”
Jo and Kate exchanged a look. “Ah, do you remember what it had on the tag?” Jo asked.
Ruby nodded. “A horse. A cowboy on a horse.”
In the car, Jo looked at Kate. “Do you actually think we just got a lead?”
“A big white car, which probably means a van with a cowboy on a horse on the license plate. That’s more than we had before.”
“Which state has a cowboy on its license plate?”
“Got me. My first guess would be Texas, but we should be able to find out easy enough.” Sitting in the parking lot and using Jo’s IPhone, she asked the question. “Siri, what state has a cowboy on the license plate?” The female voice answered, “The Dallas Cowboys are on the Texas plate.” 
“Let me rephrase that,” Jo said. “Siri, is there a license plate with a cowboy on it?” The IPhone flashed to the Google page then the license plate from Wyoming filled the screen.
“Wyoming?” Kate stared at Jo. “Someone from Wyoming kidnapped Christian?”
Jo stared at the display on her phone. “Do you know how many states there are between here and Wyoming?”
Kate sighed, “No, but I think we’re going to find out.” Pulling out her own phone, Kate called in the new information to the Amber Alert Coordinator. “Okay,” she said after a few minutes. “They’ll relay the information – but jeez – this is going to be like looking for a needle in a haystack. We don’t know if they’re going back there or even if they just stole the car from there. And if they are driving back to Wyoming, which direction are they going to take?”
“I think it will be west,” Jo offered and grinned at Kate’s bland stare. “Sorry, you set yourself up for that one.”
Kate rolled her eyes. “Alright, I need to get to the hospital to check on my DUI. Do you want me to drop you at home?”
“Yeah, that way I can get my car and head to Aggie’s. I want some answers.”
“I’m with you there. Look, how about I go with you to Aggie’s before the hospital.”
“Works for me.”
Aggie looked like someone who had slept in the same clothing for days. Her bloodshot eyes might have been from crying, but the stench of alcohol that clung to her told a different story. She blinked from the sunlight, then recognition set in.
“Did you find him? Do you know what happened to my boy?”
“We need to come in,” Jo stated. “We need to talk to you.”
Aggie looked past Jo and saw Kate and immediately began to shake. “I didn’t go to the bar.”
“Aggie,” Jo said, stepping forward and forcing Aggie to step back. “We need to talk to you about Christian.”
“I don’t understand. I’ve told you everything I know.” She turned and staggered back into the dark house. Curtains had been pulled and only the television illuminated the room.
Jo looked around in disgust. No effort had been made to clean anything. Empty beer cans now joined the fast food containers that made up the growing mountain of trash on the coffee table. An air conditioner wheezed in the window but offered little relief from the heat and the room carried the distinct odor of rotting food. 
“That’s not true,” Jo said flatly. “You didn’t tell us everything.”
Aggie looked puzzled. “I don’t understand.”
“Why didn’t you tell us that Danny wasn’t Christian’s real father?” Now Jo didn’t bother to keep the frustrated anger from her voice. “We have hundreds of volunteers giving up hundreds of man hours to search for your son and you don’t play straight with us?”
Picking up on Jo’s frustration, Kate interrupted. “Aggie, was Christian your child from another marriage?”
Aggie looked from one angry face to the other. “What are you talking about? I wasn’t married before. I’m married to Danny. And Christian is Danny’s son.”
“No he’s not,” Jo snapped. She picked up the remote and clicked off the television. Turning, she stepped over the clothing that still covered the floor and angrily jerked open the curtains letting light flood into the room. “So damn it, just stop lying to me. We have the DNA report from Christian’s hair. We know alright, so just stop lying and just tell me the truth.”
“Christian might be your son,” Kate stated again. “But he wasn’t Danny’s. Now tell us who his real father is. Is it possible he had something to do with this?”
Aggie sank onto the arm of an overstuffed chair. “But he has to be Danny’s.”
“Well, he’s not,” Jo snapped. “Did you have Christian before you and Danny were married? Did you have an affair? What’s the deal here Aggie?”
“I just don’t understand.” Aggie looked from Jo to Kate. “I don’t understand any of this.”
“It’s very clear,” Kate said before Jo could snap again. “The DNA from his hair showed that Christian was not Danny’s biological child. The test is conclusive and the test isn’t wrong. So did Danny know he wasn’t Christian’s father?”
Aggie wrapped her arms around herself and began to rock back and forth. “Your tests have to be wrong. Christian has to be Danny’s ‘cause I’ve never had a child.” 
“What!” Kate and Jo said in unison.
“What do you mean he’s not yours?” Jo’s voice had gone very quiet.
Aggie continued to slowly rock back and forth. “Danny already had the baby when we got married.”
“Then you’re not Christian’s natural mother?” Kate asked.
Aggie shook her head. “Danny told me that an old girlfriend showed up,told him the baby was his and then disappeared.”
“And you didn’t wonder about this?” Jo asked incredulously. “You just bought the story?”
“Danny wanted to marry me,” she said simply. “He said we’d be a ready-made family.”
“And where did this happen?”
Aggie heaved a tired sigh. “Out west somewhere. I don’t really remember. We moved around a lot back then. We’ve lived in a lot of different places.”
Kate looked at Jo and gave a slight shake of her head. “Aggie, do you have Christian’s birth certificate?”
“Danny probably has it in the important paper box.”
“You need to get that for me,” Kate said. “I’m going to need to take that and Danny’s computer. I’ll give you a receipt for them and you’ll get everything back when the investigation is over.”
Aggie stood slowly and, swaying from the effort, walked over to a cabinet. She opened the door and took out a metal strong box. “We don’t have a computer. And Danny would be angry if you went through his things.” She pushed some of the dishes aside on the table and set the box down. “I don’t have the key. I’m not allowed to go in here. It’s private.”
“Aggie,” Jo struggled to get her calm back. “We need to find Christian and we need to find out who killed your husband. The truth and the facts are what are important. And Danny isn’t here to tell you what to do anymore.”
Aggie unsuccessfully bit back a sob and began to cry again.
Kate took a good look at the tiny lock on the front of the box. “I can open that.” And taking a small pick from a case in her purse, she popped the lock.
The inside was filled with newspaper clippings; some old and yellow, others fairly new. Two bank books showed miserly balances but there was no birth certificate.
Jo picked up one of the clippings and scanned quickly-- ‘Bank robber still at large, police have no new leads,’ another read ‘Home invasions on the up rise – Police baffled.’
“What are these?” Jo asked, offering the clippings to Aggie.
She shook her head. “I don’t know. We lived in Cheyenne once,” she said wiping at her eyes. “And I think we lived in Lincoln for a time, too.” She looked at Jo with confusion. “Why would he keep something like this?”
“Well, we’re going to need to take these with us,” Kate stated. “I’ll write you a receipt. Are you sure you don’t have a computer?”
“No, Danny only had a laptop.”
Jo rolled her eyes. “Aggie, that is a computer. Kate will need to take that, too.” She looked at the stack of empty beer cans. “And you’re not supposed to be drinking, remember?”
Aggie’s eyes began to water. “Do I have to go back to jail? I thought I could drink in my house. I didn’t go to the bar.”
“Aggie, the judge put “no alcohol” on your probation order. I know you’ve been under stress and it’s good you didn’t go to the bar. But you’ve got to stop drinking. Regardless of what’s happened you’re still on probation. If you do this again, I’ll have to initiate a warrant for your arrest. Do you understand?”
Aggie dropped her head and nodded. “It’s just so hard.”
“Don’t you have any family you could call? A friend who could come and stay with you so you wouldn’t be alone?”
“Danny was my family,” Aggie sniffed as two huge tears tracked down her face.
Jo reached into her pocket, pulled out one of her cards and wrote Isaac’s number on the back. “Aggie, you shouldn’t be sitting here alone in this house. I want you to call my friend Isaac. He’s a counselor and he’s someone you can talk to.”
“Will he send me to jail?”
“No, he’ll listen to you and try to help.”
“What about Christian? What’s going to happen to my boy?”
Kate closed the strong box and handed it to Jo. “We have police in several states looking for him. We’re doing all we can to find him, Aggie. Jo’s right. You should call Isaac and talk with him. He’s a good man. Now where is the laptop?”
Aggie looked down at the card.
“The computer,” Kate urged.
Aggie reached over and, pushing a mountain of untouched mail aside, revealed a shiny laptop. “You’re sure I’ll get this back? It would be nice if Christian had it to help with his homework.”
“As soon as the investigation is over,” Kate said and picked it up. “It’s listed on your receipt so you’ll get both of these items back as soon as our investigation is over.”
“You call Isaac and talk to him about what’s been happening,” Jo said as they turned to go. “And remember, no more drinking.”
 Jo heard the locks click into place when the door closed behind them.
“Do you think she’ll follow through?” Kate asked as she put the items in her trunk.
“Anybody’s guess,” Jo said wearily. “She has a chance without Danny but, damn – I think it rocked her to learn Christian wasn’t Danny’s child. And I can understand her need for a beer. The poor woman has lost her husband, jerk that he was, and her child is missing. That would be enough to push anyone over the edge.”
“Then let’s hope Isaac can help. But you know what’s really bothering me? From all you’ve told me about Danny, I can’t see him taking on an infant from some old girlfriend. He’d be more likely to turn his back and walk away.”
“You’re right,” Jo said. “Knowing his personality, there had to be something in it for him. There’s no way he’s going to be saddled with a kid unless he could make it work to his advantage.”
“Now we just have to find out what that advantage was. And maybe that will lead us to Christian,” Kate said.
“Or to Danny’s killer.”
* * *
After dropping Jo back at the house, Kate drove to the Florida Hospital. Stopping at the nurses' station on the fifth floor, she placed her identification on the counter.
“I need an update on Richard Smith’s condition.”
The head nurse scanned her identification then gave Kate a hard look. “He’s the one involved in that accident with that young girl?”
Kate nodded. “Can you give me his status?”
“He’s in Room 524,” she said picking up a chart from the hanging rack. “Broken arm, messed up shoulder, mild concussion, broken nose and minor facial lacerations – probably caused by the airbag that saved his worthless life.”
“Do you know Richard,” she asked, surprised by the anger in the nurse’s voice.
“Not personally, but I know his type. His blood alcohol was over the top when they brought him in. And anyone who drinks and drives is just scum in my book.”
“He was cited for DUI,” Kate offered.
“Fat lot of good that did for the little girl who was with him. And just for the record, her blood alcohol was over the top, too. I mean who feeds that poison to a child?” At Kate’s silence, the nurse continued. “My dad was killed by a drunk driver. And if you ask me, and I know you didn’t, if someone is caught drinking and driving they should be thrown in jail and left to rot.”
“When did you lose your dad?”
“Two years ago and yesterday,” she said blinking back tears. “That little girl was only 15 years old.”
“I know,” Kate said slowly. “I was the one that had to tell her parents.”
“Oh, gosh.” The nurse reached over and touched Kate’s arm. “That had to be the worst.”
“It wasn’t pleasant. Can you tell me anything more about Mr. Smith? Has he had any visitors? Anyone call to ask about him?”
The nurse shook her head. “Nope, you can go and talk to him if you want. He’s awake. Been crying for his pain meds.” She checked the clock. “Not due for another 15 minutes so he can just wait. Scum bag.”
“Thanks. Look can I ask a favor?” Kate pulled one of her cards from her pocket.
“Would you make a note of anyone who comes to visit him then give me a call?”
The nurse took the card and slipped it in her own pocket. “No problem.”
Kate made her way to Room 524 and found Richard propped in bed and trying to get the remote to work the overhead television. Sun-bleached hair fell carelessly against his forehead and even sporting two black eyes and a swollen split lip, Kate could see how his angular face could be enticing to a young teenage girl.
“Do you have my medication?” he snapped.
“No, I’m Detective Snow.”
“Then get the goddamned nurse and tell her I want my pain meds and I want them now.”
Kate pulled a chair over and sat down. “I’m not sure you’re in any position to issue orders, Richard.”
“It’s Ricky, and in case you haven’t noticed, I’m hurting here.” He shifted the cast that covered his arm.
“I’m sure they’ll bring you your medication when it’s time. Meanwhile you need to tell me about the accident.”
“Some goddamned car hit me. That’s what happened.”
“I have witnesses that say you drove through a red light.”
Ricky’s face went sullen. “I don’t remember.”
“Tell me about the girl you were with.” The one you’ve never even asked about, Kate thought.
“I don’t know what you’re talking about,” but his eyes shifted away.
“Sure you do. Her name was Sherry.”
“Oh, her.”
“Yes, her. What can you tell me about your relationship with Sherry?”
He focused his glare over Kate’s right shoulder. “Look, she was standing on the corner hitching and I felt sorry for her. It was really hot last night.”
Kate watched his face warm to his story.
“So I, ah, stopped and offered her a ride. That isn’t a crime.”
 Kate shook her head. “So you’re telling me that you never saw her before last night and you just picked her up because she was hitch-hiking?”
“That’s it,” he said. “Look can you call the nurse for me? My head is really banging.”
“I’m sure it is. Did you take Sherry anywhere? Maybe share a drink or two with her?”
“I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“Are you telling me you have no knowledge that Sherry had been drinking?”
“That’s what I’m telling you.”
“But you admit you’d been drinking.”
Ricky remained silent, his eyes focusing on anything but Kate.
“Did you know it’s a crime to drive when you’re under the influence?”
“Look it was Friday night and hotter than hell. Okay, I had a beer or two. So give me a damn ticket and get off my back. I need my goddamned pain meds.”
Kate rose. “Well you had more than a beer or two to put your blood alcohol so high. And in Florida you get more than just a ticket for driving under the influence.”
“Yeah?”
“Yeah. And by the way, the little girl, the one you’ve never asked about, she died in the accident. And if I find out you had a part in getting her drunk, I’m going to see you go down for manslaughter.”
Turning, Kate left the room. She stopped at the nurses’ station again. “He’s still crying for his pain meds.”
The nurse checked the clock and shrugged. “He can wait another seven minutes, the dirt bag.”
Wishing she could agree but knowing to keep her opinions to herself, Kate just smiled. “Be sure to let me know if anyone inquires or comes to visit him, okay? There is more to this story and I’m going to find out what it is.”
“Will do, Detective. And just for the record, my money’s on you. Now let me go and see if we have any of those horse needles left.”
Kate didn’t know whether to wince or grin as she walked away.



Chapter Twelve

Jo sat at her desk and checked her appointment book with a sigh. Cindy was still out, and with Penny starting her vacation, this was going to be another week of juggling appointments.
“Hey, Caz.”
She looked up to see Mitch standing in her doorway. “Got some good news for you.”
“That would be a change.”
He grinned. “We caught the punks that slashed your tire.”
“What?” Jo stood and joined him at the door. “How? When?”
“A homeowner a few blocks over from your place happened to be looking out his window when they tried to hit his car.”
“In the middle of the night he just happened to be looking out at the right time?”
“Well, it seems that he was looking for his daughter, who had blown curfew big time. Dad was seriously steamed and determined to catch her sneaking in. Instead he got a description of the car and two of the three kids. Said he chased them halfway down the street while they were hanging out of the car laughing like hyenas.”
“So it’s not....”
“No, it’s not the same dude that’s been threatening you.”
“I guess that’s a relief, sorta. Did you find out why they hit me?”
Mitch shook his head in disgust. “No rhyme or reason. According to them, they were just out to have some fun. You were a random hit. They actually recorded the guy squirming on his belly to get to your car.”
“And they showed you?”
“Yeah, like it was something to be proud of. They’d also knocked over a couple of mailboxes and had recordings of other slashed tires. I swear it really makes you wonder about the kids today.”
“I’m still having a hard time believing they admitted it.”
“Once we broke the first, the other two cried like babies. Didn’t mean no harm, blah blah. Then the kicker, one of the dads comes in and starts with kids will be kids and they were just harmless pranks.”
“Harmless? That prank cost me two new tires.”
“The teen court will probably assign restitution. You might actually get some money back.”
“That’s a nice thought but I’m not going to hold my breath. Where are they now?”
“Parents just sprung the last so I thought I’d stop by and give you the news.”
“You on today?” She watched him struggle with a yawn.
“Nope, I did a double yesterday so now I’m heading for home and about six hours of shuteye.”
“Well thanks for taking the time to stop by.”
“Hey Mitch, where’s Lucy? I’ve got a dog biscuit at my desk with her name on it.” Cheryl walked up holding the morning paper and the latest police log. “Jo, I just finished running the matches and one of your lovelies made the front page this weekend.”
Jo took the newspaper. “Two Killed in Auto Crash” the headline read. “Damn it,” Jo looked from Mitch to Cheryl. “Kate was on this one. Teenage girl and teacher both killed.”
“I saw the results of that,” Mitch said. “Ugly crash.”
“Kate was pretty shook up,” Jo said scanning the article. “She knew one of the victims. That teacher is from the school where the little boy is missing.”
“Small world,” Cheryl said. “And the DUI driver that survived is one of yours --Ricky Smith.”
“Ricky Smith,” Jo searched her memory. “Okay, young guy maybe late twenties and good looking if I’m thinking of the right face.” She turned to Mitch, “Thanks again for the slasher news, and give Lucy a scratch for me. I’ve got to get going on this.”
“I’m out of here myself. Cheryl, take care.”
As Mitch turned and walked away, Cheryl heaved a sigh. “That is one good looking man,” she said softly.
Jo looked up in surprise. “You got a thing for Mitch?”
Cheryl just smiled. “What is it about a man in uniform?”
Jo grinned. “He’s a looker alright.”
Cheryl turned to Jo. “You ever think of getting together with him?”
“With Mitch?” Jo stuttered. “I think of Mitch more as a brother. I mean after all we do share children.”
“What!” Now Cheryl’s eyes went wide.
“His Lucy and my Bella are sisters.” Jo chuckled at the expression on Cheryl’s face. “What did you think I meant?”
Cheryl shook her head. “Okay, back to my desk. The phones must be ringing off the hooks by now.”
“You know, you could have just called me with this info.”
“Mmm hmm, but then I would have missed quality time with Mitch.”
“And telling him you have biscuits for his dog?”
Now Cheryl was the one grinning. “Exactly.”
Jo found herself smiling as she walked back into her office. At her computer she pulled up the criminal history on Richard Smith aka Ricky and the police report from the accident and began to read. Her smile was gone by the time she finished. Driving while intoxicated was not only against the law, but a clear violation of the conditions of his probation. Ricky, she thought with disgust, as soon as you’re out of the hospital your ass is headed to jail.
* * *
Kate met Isaac in front of the high school. “Thanks for coming. I think we’re really going to need you today.”
“Death is never an easy thing for anyone, let alone kids this age who think they’re going to live forever. What can you tell me about our victim?”
“Unfortunately, not much. Her name was Sherry Roberts. She was a junior and worked in the school office in the work-study program. I’ve talked with her parents twice but they’re not much help. I’m hoping some of the kids can fill in the blanks.”
“What are you looking for specifically?” Isaac pulled open the school door.
“I saw her room and it was clear that she snuck out of the house. So I want to know how she connected with Ricky Smith.”
“A date?”
“That was my initial thought. But Ricky claims he doesn’t know her. Said he just picked her up on some street corner to give her a ride.”
“And you’re not buying that story?”
“I don’t know. Something just doesn’t sit right. Her blood alcohol was off the charts, Isaac. This wasn’t a little girl that had downed one beer. Someone got her plastered and I want to know who.” She paused at the door. “I called the principal and asked him to let us meet with small groups of kids that were in Sherry’s classes. Maybe somebody knows something. You take the boys.”
Isaac nodded. “Let’s see what we can find out,” he said, and they entered the school’s office.
* * *
Julie Finch sat in the guidance office with Nicole, Willow, and several other girls from Mr. Fairbanks’s history class. She couldn’t stop the tears that tracked silently down her face. Sherry was dead. She just couldn’t believe that Sherry was really dead. She looked over at Nicole who was staring at her nails. Two of the other girls were silently crying but Nicole and Willow sat dry-eyed and looking bored.
“Girls,” Mrs. Downey said, “this is Detective Snow. She’s here to talk to you about Sherry Roberts.”
The detective smiled and shoving her phone back on her belt, sat on the corner of Mrs. D’s desk. If you didn’t look at the gun or badge at her waist, Julie thought, she could have been a model. She studied the detective’s shiny curls and wondered what product she used to get them that way.
“As you know by now, Sherry Roberts was killed in an accident this weekend,” the detective said.
Julie felt instant guilt for forgetting about Sherry. 
“And I’m trying to learn more about her so I can better understand what happened.” The detective looked at each of them. “So can anyone give me any information about Sherry?”
“She worked in the office,” one of the girls offered.
“Good, something else?” The detective glanced at her phone then hit a button.
“She was only a junior but she was taking a lot of senior classes,” another said.
“Can anyone give me personal information, anything about her family life? Who were her closest friends? Stuff like that.”
Julie waited for Nicole to speak up but she just continued to stare at her nails. 
“Does anyone know if she was seeing someone special? A new boyfriend perhaps?”
Again Julie looked at Nicole but she just heaved a bored sigh then grinned at Willow.
“Excuse me.” Julie watched as this time Detective Snow read the phone message and texted a quick answer. “Okay, sorry about that. I realize that most of you are seniors and Sherry was a junior, but since you have this class together, I thought she might have told one of you if she had a new guy.” Again the room stayed silent. The detective waited then stood. “Okay, I guess not. I’m going to give each of you my card, and if you think of anything or remember anything that might help us I’d appreciate a call.”
Julie avoided eye contact when the detective handed her the card. She shoved it in her purse then stood with the rest of the girls and filed out of the room. Nicole and Willow ducked into the girls room but Julie ignored their signal and went straight back to class. What she wanted was for the day to be over so she could just go home.
Her phone signaled even before she reached the classroom. “Quills meeting after school – study hall west.”
Terrific, she thought, I guess I finally made it in. So why do I feel so miserable? The headache that had started in the guidance office stayed with her all morning so she skipped lunch. All anyone could talk about was Sherry and the accident and Julie just didn’t want to think about it anymore.
When the final bell of the day sounded, Julie made her way to the west wing study hall. Trying to shake off the weight of depression that was sitting on her shoulders, she pulled open the door and entered. She wasn’t surprised to see Nicole, Willow and Zeke, but Rhys was the captain of the debate team and Tom was the biggest science nerd in the senior class. Other faces looked familiar but Julie didn’t know names and found she really didn’t care.
“I’ve called this meeting,” Rhys began, looking from face to face, “to get us started on our project. Does anyone want to offer an idea?”
Not sure if she should speak or not, Julie raised her hand. “We could plan something for Sherry’s memorial. I think someone said the service was going to be on Friday.”
“Oh puh-leeze,” Nicole shook her head and rolled her eyes. “The Quills don’t do that sort of thing, especially for someone like her.”
“Yeah, Sherry the slut,” Willow snickered softly and two other girls giggled.
Stunned, Julie felt her face grow hot.
“Not your fault,” Zeke said, coming to her rescue. “This is your first year so you don’t know the history. Each year the Quills do some type of prank.”
“And this year’s has to outdo the last,” Willow said.
“That won’t be hard,” Nicole stood. “Last year’s group put those stupid plastic pink flamingos all over the football field right before homecoming.”
“Yeah, but the timing was great,” someone called. “Delayed the game and everything. The football players looked really cute carrying those stupid birds off the field.”
“Lame,” Nicole sighed.
“Lame but true,” Rhys said. “And they did put those goldfish in all the water fountains.”
“Again childish. We need something flashy and big. Our class has to leave a mark that will always be remembered.”
“Did anyone see the news this morning about that new sink hole that opened? The family had to be evacuated and everything.”
“Yeah, that was cool. Too bad it stopped before it could swallow the house.”
“It came within three feet so maybe there’s still hope.” The group chuckled and Julie felt her stomach turn.
“That’s what we need,” Nicole said, her face losing its bored expression. “We need something flashy like a sink hole.”
“Cute, Nicole,” Rhys said with a snort. “But even you can’t produce a sink hole.”
Julie sat for a while longer in stunned silence. She couldn’t believe what she was hearing. The Quills, this exclusive secret club, just came up with pranks? Sherry Roberts was dead and they were talking about plastic flamingos and fish in water tanks? She waited until the discussion paused, then slowly stood.
“I’m sorry,” she said quietly. “I didn’t know we were going to meet today and I’ve got to get home.”
Nicole looked up from the list she was making. “You okay, Finch?”
Julie shook her head. “Actually no, I’m sorry I’m just not feeling well today.” And picking up her things, Julie left the room.
Julie made it to the ladies room before she lost what little was in her stomach. Her head was pounding and she couldn’t stop shivering. They didn’t even care that Sherry was dead. She splashed cold water on her face and stared at herself in the mirror. She had only known Sherry for a few days, why was it that she was so upset when the rest of the group wasn’t? And why hadn’t Nicole or Willow said anything to the detective when she asked about Sherry’s boyfriend? They had seen the picture when she did. Why were they pretending not to know anything? 
Questions went round and round in her head until Julie thought it might explode. Taking out her phone she sent the text before she could talk herself out of it. When the answer came back “No problem,” she felt a sense of relief settle over her.
* * *
Julie sat at a back table in the coffee shop and waited. Now that she had called him, she wasn’t sure what she was going to say. Was Marques going to think she was a complete idiot for calling him? Her nerves kicked up a notch when she saw him enter.
“Hey, how’s it going?”
To her complete mortification, she burst into tears.
“Whoa,” Marques stammered, then jumping up he went to the side bar and returned with a huge wad of napkins.
Julie grabbed a napkin and covered her face. “I’m sorry,” she stuttered. “I just didn’t know who to call.”
“That’s okay,” Marques reached over and awkwardly patted her back. “What’s wrong?”
“Sherry’s dead,” Julie wiped her eyes. “They’re going to put her in a box.”
“Ah, yeah, I heard about it on the news this weekend. I didn’t know you were friends with her.”
“Does that make a difference?” Julie heard her voice snap and her tears started again.
“No, of course not,” he said quietly. “Honey, we’re all upset about what happened to her.”
“The service is on Friday,” she offered weakly.
Now he nodded. “Yeah, the band offered to play something at the memorial. We’re just waiting to hear back from her parents as to how they want to work it.”
“But on Friday they’re going to bury her.”
“Okay.”
“Marques, it’s bad enough they’re putting her in a box, but when they put it in the ground and bury her she’ll never be able to get out.” 
Marques reached over and took one of Julie’s hands. “Julie, she’s already gone and no matter what they do she’s not coming back. Besides, Sherry’s body might be in the box but Sherry’s spirit is already in heaven.”
Julie sniffed and wiped her eyes with her other hand. “Do you really believe that?”
He nodded. “Have you ever been to a funeral before?” When she shook her head he continued. “I went to my grandfather’s when I was only six. My mom explained things to me and my grandmother confirmed it. Your spirit goes to heaven and the part that’s left is just a body or shell. You don’t have to worry about them burying Sherry because she’s not really there anymore.”
“Marques I just don’t understand people,” she said quietly, liking the way he linked their fingers together. “Did you have to talk to the police today?”
He shook his head. “I didn’t have any classes with her. Nigel told me at lunch that he was called. Said it wasn’t the police, but a grief counselor. Did you get called?”
She took a deep breath. “Yes, Sherry was in my history class with Mr. Fairbanks. All the girls got called to the guidance office and we met with a Detective Snow.”
“That doesn’t seem fair. You get the gorgeous detective and the guys get someone who is so buff, no one would be able to punk him.”
Julie snorted in spite of herself. “She was pretty. But what I don’t understand is why nobody said anything.”
Now Marques looked puzzled. “What do you mean?”
Julie took another deep breath and realized she was actually starting to feel better.
“The detective asked if anyone knew about Sherry and her boyfriend. And no one said anything.”
“Maybe nobody knew anything to tell.”
“That’s just it,” the words nearly exploded out of her. “Marques, the day I met Sherry at the mall, I was with Nicole and Willow. She showed us a picture of her new boyfriend. She said his name was Ricky and how she’d met him online.”
“And Nicole and Willow heard this?”
“Yes, Nicole even commented about the quality of the picture. I mean I know they didn’t like her. They made that very clear. But why wouldn’t they tell the detective what they knew?”
“That’s not right,” Marques said. “If you have information that might help, you need to tell the police.”
“I wanted to,” Julie said quietly, “but I kept waiting for one of them to say something. They’ve known Sherry for ages and I’d only met her a week before. But they just sat there like it was a big joke or something.”
Marques shook his head in disgust. “I don’t care if you like her or not. If you have information you’ve got to tell.”
Julie dug the detective’s card out of her purse. “Would you wait with me while I do?”
“Sure, and Julie,” he smiled at her, “you’re doing the right thing.”
Julie sent a text to the detective and within minutes got a reply. “Stay where you are, I’ll meet you at the coffee shop. Thanks!”
“Well, now I’ve done it,” she said, slipping the phone back into her purse.
“So now do you want something to drink?” Marques asked. “I could use a latte.”
She smiled. “Make it two.”
True to her word Kate arrived ten minutes later and found Julie and Marques still at their back table.
“Thanks for calling,” she said taking a seat. She looked at Marques, “I don’t think I met you today, I’m Detective Snow.”
“I’m Marques Brown. Would you like some coffee?”
“Thanks, but I’m fine. You’re Julie Finch, right?” When the girl nodded, Kate continued. “So who has the information?”
Julie sat up a little straighter. “I do. Today when you asked if anyone knew about Sherry or her boyfriend I thought the other girls were going to say something. They’ve known Sherry longer than I have.”
“But they didn’t,” Kate said. “Do you know why?”
“Sherry wasn’t popular,” Julie offered. “Well that’s not exactly right. Sherry wasn’t popular with that crowd. It’s probably better to say most of the girls in that room didn’t like her.”
“And that’s why they didn’t want to talk to me?”
“I guess. But Marques and I talked it over and I, we, don’t think that’s right.”
Kate watched the two teens link hands under the table. “And you have some information that you think will help?”
“Sherry did have a boyfriend. The day I met her she showed us his picture. She said she’d met him on the Internet.”
Kate took out her notepad. “Did she give you a name?”
Julie nodded. “Yes, she called him Ricky.”
Kate stopped writing and looked up. “Are you sure she said Ricky?”
“Yes, positive.”
“Did he go to school here?”
“No. I don’t think he was in school at all,” Julie said. “I asked her if he was taking her to the game and she said football was very passé.” She gave an apologetic glance toward Marques. “Then she said he was an older man. But she never really said how old.”
“Did she ever tell you where they went when they went out?”
Julie started to shake her head. “She never really said. She just sorta skirted around it. I don’t know if it was to keep it private or if she was embarrassed about it.”
“Could you identify Ricky if you saw him?”
“Like in a line-up?” Julie all but squeaked.
“No, just by looking at some pictures.”
“I don’t know. I mean I never met him but she did show us his picture once. It wasn’t a very good one cause she took it with her phone when he wasn’t looking.”
“Would you be willing to try?”
Julie looked at Marques who squeezed her hand even as he nodded.
“I can try.”
Kate pulled a stack of photos out of her bag and spread them on the table. “Take your time and take a good look. It’s okay if you don’t recognize him. Just tell me if you do.”
“It’s him,” she pointed to Richard Smith’s previous arrest photo.
“You’re sure?” Kate pushed. “There’s no question in your mind that this is the man whose picture Sherry showed you?”
“No, that’s him,” Julie sighed with relief. “Wow, I thought that was going to be hard. But it was easy.”
“You did great,” Marques said proudly.
“Yes, you did.” Kate scooped up the pictures and slipped them back in her bag. “Is there anything else you can think of that Sherry might have said? Any indication as to where she was going to meet him or where he was going to take her, or even someplace where she hoped he would take her?”
“I don’t think so. She was pretty secretive about Ricky. She thought he was someone really special.” Julie’s eyes began to fill again.
Kate reached over and gave her arm a squeeze. “Julie I know what you just did was hard, but you did the right thing. You’re a good friend.”
“Will it help you?”
Kate rose to go. “Oh yes, it will help more than you could know. Marques it was a pleasure meeting you. Julie you still have my card. Don’t hesitate to call me if you think of anything else.”
“I will,” Julie said. Then as she watched Kate walk away she turned to Marques. “Wait here a minute.” Jumping up she followed the detective out the door.
“Detective Snow,” she called making Kate stop.
“Did you think of something else?”
“Well, not exactly. Can I ask you a question?”
“Sure.” Kate watched Julie’s cheeks start to blush. “What?”
“Could you tell me what you use on your hair to make it so shiny?”
* * *
Kate hurried through the doors to the Medical Examiner’s Office and found Willard sitting at his computer. “I got your text. What’s so urgent?”
He slowly pulled his eyes from the computer screen. “The crash on Friday night – two fatalities – that was yours right?”
Kate wondered why he always asked that when he already knew the answer. “Yep, I drew the short straw on that one. Is there something new?”
“I wouldn’t have texted you if there wasn’t,” he said flatly. 
Kate waited. “And….”
“Your teacher didn’t die in the crash.”
Whatever she’d been expecting, it wasn’t that. “What?” Kate gasped shaking her head. “The medics pronounced her dead at the scene. Are you telling me they made a mistake and she survived?”
“Oh no, she’s dead all right,” he said smugly.
“Then what,” Kate snapped, annoyed that her momentary surge of hope had just been dashed away.
Willard stared and Kate stared back. “I’m waiting,” she said coldly. “And I haven’t got time for games or riddles, Willard. What are you talking about?”
“It’s quite simple,” his tone turned prissy. “Your teacher didn’t die in the crash because she was already dead.”
“What?”
“Follow along, Detective Snow. Your teacher was poisoned. And my test results show ricin.”
“Ricin? Where would she get ricin?”
“She would get it from castor beans.”
“But where … how… why would she have castor beans?”
“That, Detective Snow, is your problem, not mine. I can tell you that it appears the poison entered the body through her eyes, most likely in the form of eye drops. She puts the drops in and the poison has a direct route to her nervous system. She would have been dead in a matter of minutes.”
Kate reached for a chair and sat like a marionette with the cut strings. “Oh, my, god! I watched her use eye drops on at least two occasions.”
“That wouldn’t have done it,” he said stiffly. “The level of poison was quite high. A system cannot build a tolerance to ricin. The first time she used it in eye drops she would have died.”
“Then she didn’t die as a result of the car crash-- she was poisoned.”
“I believe I just said that,” Willard replied.



Chapter Thirteen

Waving goodbye to Marques, Julie opened her front door and stepped inside. One look at her mother’s face told her she was in big trouble.
“You’re late,” Mrs. Finch said quietly. “Who drove you home?”
“Marques.”
“I thought we talked about that.”
“No, Mom. You made up your mind about him because he plays in the Jazz Band and you haven’t even met him.”
“So where did you go?”
“We didn’t really go anywhere. Marques stayed with me at the coffee shop while I talked with the police.”
“Police? Why were you talking to the police? Are you in trouble?”
Julie dropped her books on the kitchen table. “No, I’m not in trouble and Detective Snow said I helped her a lot.”
“And just who is this Detective Snow and how do you know her? I want to know what’s going on right now.”
“Detective Snow came to school today. There was a really bad traffic accident last Friday night and one of the people killed was a girl that goes to my school.” Julie felt her eyes start to sting again.
“Yes, I heard about it on the news. Did you know her?”
Julie nodded. “I met her a week ago.”
“Oh honey, I’m so sorry,” Mrs. Finch pulled Julie into a hard hug.
Now the tears fell again. “It was really horrible Mom. I didn’t hear about it until this morning and it was all anyone could talk about at school.”
“Oh, Julie,” Mrs. Finch pushed back from their hug. “But I still don’t understand what that has to do with you talking to the police.”
“Detective Snow came with a grief counselor. She said she needed information about Sherry’s friends and especially her new boyfriend.”
“New boyfriend?”
“Uh huh, Sherry told us she’d met him on the Internet.”
“But why would the detective need to know about that? What else is going on here?”
“I don’t know. She asked me if I could identify the guy and I did.”
“You met this boy? Were you at the police station?”
“No, Mom, I wasn’t at the police station. Detective Snow met me at the coffee shop. She showed me a bunch of pictures and I picked him out.”
“And how could you do that if you’d never met him?” Mrs. Finch asked suspiciously.
“Sherry showed me his picture the first day I met her.” That disastrous day at the mall, she thought.
“So you met with this police detective at the coffee shop to identify a boyfriend?”
“Mmm-hmm, when she talked with us at school she asked questions. I kept waiting for the other girls to answer because they’ve known Sherry longer than I have. But nobody said anything.”
“I see.”
“Marques and I talked it over and he said I should tell the police what I knew. So I called Detective Snow and she came and met us.”
“You called Marques about this?”
Looking down, Julie missed the way her mother’s eyes went hard again. “I was really upset.” And I can’t tell you about what, she thought miserably. You’d never understand about gold fish and pink flamingos.
“So Marques told you to call the police and you did. What else has Marques told you to do?”
“He’s a good friend, Mom.”
“I don’t want you seeing him again.”
“That’s not fair!”
“Not fair, not fair?” her mother’s voice rose. “Not fair is lying to me.”
“I haven’t lied to you.”
“No? Then what is the meaning of this?” Mrs. Finch held out an opened envelope with the Visa bill.
“Oh that.” Julie scrambled to think of an excuse.
“Oh that! Julie how in the world could you spend $400 for sunglasses?”
“But I returned them.”
“And that makes it okay? Why did you buy them in the first place? What were you thinking? Were you even thinking?”
“Well I was at the mall and .…” She started to say the sales lady thought she was trying to steal them so she bought them instead and then thought of a better idea.
“It was a mistake, okay? I returned them the next day.”
“Did you buy them to wear to that football game?”
“No, and it was a night game Mom. You don’t wear sunglasses to a night game.”
“Don’t get fresh with me, young lady. I want to know why you purchased sunglasses one day and then returned them the next.”
“I didn’t realize they were that expensive. I read the tag wrong and thought they were $40. When I got home and saw it was $400, I took them back the next day.”
“And why would you purchase sunglasses for $40? Julie you know how tight our money is. We talked about it. And you told me you stayed within the amount we agreed on.”
“I know, but when I saw the blouse I knew it was perfect for the skirt you made me. I didn’t think you’d mind because it was so special.”
“So special that a $100 blouse is now laying on the floor of your room?”
“I meant to put it in the wash.”
“Julie you’re missing the point here. I specifically asked you if you’d stayed within our budget and you told me yes.”
Julie hung her head. “Yes, ma’am.”
“I don’t know what upsets me more, you thinking it’s okay to buy a blouse we can’t afford or lying to me about it.”
“I’m really sorry.”
“Well sorry isn’t going to take care of it this time. You’re grounded for the next week.”
Julie’s head snapped up. “But Mom, I have a date with Marques for the game this Friday.”
Mrs. Finch just shook her head and turned away. “Then you’ll just have to tell him that since you lied to your mother you’re on restriction.”
“Jeez, Mom.”
“Don’t jeez Mom me,” she said angrily. “And it’s about time you started learning about financial responsibility. You’re going to repay me for that blouse that you ‘just had to have’.”
“Are you going to take it out of my allowance?” she asked dejectedly.
“No, because as of now you are no longer getting an allowance.”
“Mom!”
“I’ve been upset about this since I opened the bill this afternoon. I know I can’t buy you everything you think you have to have but I keep a roof over our heads and clothes on both our backs. So if you want something special, like $40 sunglasses then you’ll just have to earn the money to pay for them.”
“And what am I supposed to do to get money?” Julie plopped down angrily on the kitchen chair. “Be the maid in this house?”
“Don’t use that tone with me, young lady. It’s about time you started taking on your share of the work.”
“You want me to drop out of school?”
“Don’t be ridiculous.” Mrs. Finch sat across from her at the table. “I have a full time job and you have school as a full time job. From now on we are going to start sharing the chores around the house. I’ll do more because you have homework.”
“And you’re going to pay me for doing the chores?”
“Absolutely not. You’ll do them because, like me, you live in this house. No, if you want to have spending money I suggest you get yourself an after-school or weekend job.”
“But Mom. It’s my senior year!” she wailed. “It’s bad enough we had to move and I’m doing my senior year in a new school, but if I’m working I won’t have time for anything!”
Mrs. Finch rose from the table. “You should have thought of that before you decided to buy a blouse and sunglasses you couldn’t afford.”
“That’s not fair,” she muttered.
“Julie,” her mother said, “you’re going to learn that life is seldom fair. Now I suggest that you start on your homework while I get dinner. The dishes and dinner cleanup are on you tonight. Then I suggest that you start thinking of where you want to get a job. Oh, and the mall is out.”
“What?”
“I said the mall is out. There’s been a lot on the news about teenagers shoplifting there and I don’t want that type of people hanging around with you.”
They already are, she thought miserably.
“So get started on your homework. I’m making spaghetti for dinner.”
* * *
Kate greeted the dogs and Midnight as she walked in the door. There was a slight shoving match to see who could get the most attention until Midnight turned and hissed at everyone and the dogs willingly backed up. Kate scooped up her cat with one hand and bent to stroke the dogs with the other. “It’s okay, guys, she’s just missing her mama.”
“And her mama is home before dark,” Jo said from the kitchen doorway. “That’s a change.”
“It’s been a day and a half already. Any chance you made fresh iced-tea? It’s still hot enough to fry eggs on the sidewalk out there.”
“You know I always wanted to try that. Break an egg open on some black asphalt and watch it sizzle.”
“I’ll settle for a shower and some cold tea. Anything new today?” Kate asked, dumping the cat on the couch then turning toward Jo’s guest room.
“Actually yes. I’ve got good news and not-so-good news.”
Kate paused. “So spill.”
“Mitch stopped by this morning and it seems my tire was slashed by some teens bent on hell and destruction.”
“You’re kidding?”
“Nope, got an eyewitness and everything.”
“Well that is good news, I guess. What’s the not-so-good news?”
“Richard Smith from the accident is aka Ricky Smith and he’s already one of mine.”
“He was arrested for battery?”
“Yep, got into it with his then girlfriend at one of the neighborhood bars. Bartender called the police and the girlfriend was pissed enough to press charges.”
“Whoa.”
“Whoa is right. I pulled his sheet and he shouldn’t have been drinking at all, let alone being drunk. He violated numbers four and five of the standard conditions of probation and violated special condition number twelve, so I initiated a warrant and walked it through. That should help keep his ass in jail when he gets out of the hospital.”
“Good catch, Jo. That’s going to make a difference.”
“Well, actually, Cheryl caught it when she pulled the police log.”
“Doesn’t matter,” Kate said. “An arrest is still going to add weight when he goes before the judge. Look, let me jump in the shower and get rid of these clothes. Any chance you’ve got food? I missed lunch again.”
“And everyone wonders how you keep that model figure of yours. Go grab your shower. I already started a salad big enough to share. It’ll be ready when you are. And I want to know what happened today,” she called as Kate walked away. “And by the way, when you movin’ out?”
“The answer is when you learn to keep your ass out of trouble!” Kate called back.
When Kate finally came into the kitchen she was wearing black pleated short shorts and a pink tube top. She grabbed the glass of tea and downed half the contents in one long gulp.
“You’re going to get a brain-freeze headache if you do that again,” Jo cautioned.
Kate shook her head. “I took a cold shower so this tastes great.” She dropped into a chair and pulled the salad bowl toward her plate. “Ah, mixed greens with leftovers, my favorite dish.”
“So are you going to tell me what happened today or just sit there stuffing your face with salad?”
“Hard to know where to start,” she said, taking another long drink of tea. “I think I already told you that when I saw Richard aka Ricky in the hospital yesterday, he claimed he didn’t know Sherry. Said he’d just picked her up on the corner to give her a ride. Well when Isaac and I were at the high school today talking to the students nobody was willing to say much. But after school I got a call from one of the girls.” Kate pulled her notebook from her bag. “A girl named Julie Finch.”
“Hey, I know her. If it’s the kid I’m thinking of. Pretty girl, ah. . . , senior this year. She volunteered at the animal shelter the same Saturday I did. Nice kid.” 
“Well, Julie tells me that Sherry showed her a picture of her new boyfriend. The one she met on the Internet. And guess whose picture she picks out?”
“That would be Ricky?”
“And you win the trip to Maui. She said that Sherry told her and some of the other girls that she’d been dating him for a few weeks and he took her to special places.”
“And would those special places be where they serve alcohol to underage teens?”
“Probably, but yet to be proven. That’s on the to-do list.”
“Okay, so far the day seems pretty successful.”
“Well, next on the agenda, I get a text from Worm.”
“Oh, ick.”
“I swear if that man wasn’t so good at his job I’d campaign to have him fired. He can be so obnoxious.”
“I know, but he really is brilliant. So what earth-shattering news did obnoxious Worm have today?”
“It seems that Diana Harkins, the teacher from Christian’s school, was not killed in the car crash.”
“What?” Jo almost came out of her chair.
“Yeah, that’s just what I said. It turns out that Diana was dead before the crash.”
“What? How? I don’t understand. Did she have a heart attack or stroke or something?”
“Nope. She was poisoned. Somebody put ricin in her eye drops. When I talked with her earlier in the day she’d complained of eye allergies and I actually watched her put drops in her eyes twice.”
“So she was slowly poisoning herself and didn’t know it?”
Kate shook her head and took another bite of salad. “No, Worm said you couldn’t build a tolerance to ricin. The first time she used the drops with the poison was the last. So someone either switched her eye drop bottle or put the poison in the one she was using.”
“Damn.” Jo sat back in her chair. “Just when you think you know what’s going on, all the pieces of the puzzle change.”
“No kidding. And there’s more. After I get this info from Worm, I stop by the lab to see if they’ve been able to get anything from Danny’s computer.”
“And did they figure out his password?”
 “Yep, ‘onlymine.’ That got a big laugh until they actually got inside. Your dear Danny Boy was supplementing his income by selling kiddy porn over the Internet.”
“What a sleaze!” Jo stood and took her plate to the sink and dumped the rest of her dinner. “I swear if he wasn’t already dead I’d be tempted to shoot him myself.”
“Don’t say that when there’s a police officer present,” Kate said.
“Yeah, well it’s true.” Jo brought the pitcher of tea back to the table. “What kind of sick moron does that kind of stuff?”
“Ah, that would be the sick morons we deal with every day.”
Jo heaved a sigh. “Yea, and now you win the cruise to Jamaica. I hate to even ask this but were they able to identify any of the people in the pictures?”
Kate nodded. “Danny himself was in some and it looks like little Christian might have been in others.”
Jo’s face crumpled and she rubbed her hands over her eyes. “Goddamn it! Do you think that could have been what pushed Christian over the edge? Could he have been the one to poison his father?”
“I actually don’t think so,” Kate said quietly. “It wouldn’t fit his profile. It’s rare for the victim to feel enough power to be able to pull off something like that. I’m still thinking he saw his mother do something. He wouldn’t want to say anything because he’d be protective of Aggie.”
“Well, I said it before -- Danny wouldn’t have taken the responsibility for a child unless there was something in it for him. I just never thought it would be something like this. So what’s going to happen now?”
“Since we suspect Christian has been taken out of state, the FBI is going to join in the hunt. They’re sending an agent down tomorrow.”
“Is that good news or bad? I know you hate it when they swoop in and try to take over.”
“I’ll call this good news. We just don’t have the resources to search for him out of state. Best I can do is stay in touch with the Amber Alert Coordinator, and that’s really not enough. Jo, we’ve got over 30,000 children reported missing just from last year.”
“Here? In this country?” Jo gasped.
“No, in this state. The numbers are staggering. I’d say we need all the help we can get on this one.”
“Well, I’ll keep my fingers crossed. Hey, maybe they’ll send somebody tall dark and handsome.”
Kate laughed. “Yeah, right.”
“And what about all those newspaper clippings from the strong box? Any luck there?”
“Not on those. I had the tech make me copies and I brought them home. Thought later tonight I’d go through them again and see if I can make any sense out of why Danny would have kept something like that.”
“I can help if you want.”
Kate smiled. “I was hoping you’d say that but.…”
“But what?”
“Well, how would you like to go for a little ride first?”
“Only if we can stop somewhere and get ice cream.” At the word ice cream Blitz jumped up from his spot on the floor and rushed over to put his paws on Kate’s lap.
“Hey you,” Jo said. “I’m the one who fed you tonight.” Bella stood and gave herself a shake.
“Want to take the whole family for a ride?” Jo laughed.
“Not this time.” Kate’s voice was quiet. “I’ve been mulling this over all day and I just can’t get my mind wrapped around what happened at the accident. I want to go to the lot and look at the cars again.”
“I see, definitely not a family time moment. Okay you guys,” she said standing. “Not this time, but Mama will bring you a treat when she gets home.” She turned to Kate. “You want to go now before it gets dark?”
“Thanks, you drive so we can have the top down. Then there will at least be something positive about this trip.”
* * *
Daylight was starting to fade by the time they reached the car lot. The sky blazed with brilliant shades of amber streaked with red. The overhead lights blinked on and Jo swatted at a gnat the size of a horsefly.
“What a mess,” Jo said. “Are these the cars from that accident?”
Kate walked slowly around the twisted metal of Diana’s black minivan. The front was accordion folded in on itself clear to the windshield, but miraculously the body of the car was mostly intact.
“You know,” Kate said peering into the interior of the car, “I don’t think she’d have died in this crash. Her airbag deployed and there actually isn’t all that much damage to the interior. Sure she would have been banged up pretty good, but I think she might have made it.”
Jo looked in from the other side of the car. “I think you’re right. The car would have been totaled, but the inside’s not that bad.” Straightening she looked over at the car Ricky had been driving.
“And this Impala’s not that bad either,” she said, walking over to the second wreck.
“My witnesses said they weren’t speeding. They just both veered into the middle of the intersection at the same time and smack.”
“But Ricky shouldn’t have been drinking,” Jo said walking around to the passenger’s side. “I mean damn, the guy was already on probation.” She looked at Kate over the top of Ricky’s car. “You said that his injuries were not life threatening?”
Kate peered inside from the driver’s side. “Broken arm, messed up shoulder. Got a broken nose and some facial scrapes, but that was probably from the airbag.”
Jo poked her hand through the broken windshield on the passenger’s side. “So why wasn’t the kid wearing a seatbelt?”
“Her name was Sherry,” Kate said quietly, reliving the scene. Sherry’s broken body had been completely ejected from the car.
“But even if she wasn’t wearing her seatbelt,” Jo continued. “Wouldn’t the airbag have kept her from going through the windshield?”
“It should have,” Kate refocused on the passenger’s side of the car. “What would make the air bag not deploy?” She looked at Jo.
Carefully brushing glass pellets off the seat, Jo slipped into the car. With her fingers she pried at the edges of the airbag compartment. “Hey, get a screwdriver out of my trunk okay?”
“Jo, be careful. If that thing springs open I don’t want you to end up with a broken nose.”
Jo took the screwdriver and began to pry at the edges of the compartment. It popped open easily. She looked at the empty interior, then at Kate. “When does an airbag not deploy?”
Kate looked at the opened compartment. “That would be when there isn’t an airbag? What the hell?” She watched Jo reach into the space and pull out a black leather-bound book the size of a diary. “I repeat, what the hell?”
Jo handed the book to Kate then slowly eased herself out of the car. “Sherry didn’t die because the airbag didn’t deploy. She died because someone removed the airbag to hide that book. That sucks!”
“Sherry got bad breaks all the way around.” Kate said slowly flipping through the book.
“I don’t understand,” Jo said. “Now if that was a bag of marijuana I wouldn’t be so surprised. But a book?”
“Maybe this is worth more than marijuana,” Kate looked up from the book. “This is some sort of contact book. It has dates and initials listed in it. There’s a column for drop offs and dollar amounts listed on the side.” At Jo’s puzzled stare Kate continued, “I think this has something to do with some sort of human trafficking.”
“Damn,” Jo gasped, looking at Kate. “What did you just stumble into?”
Kate turned to the last entry. “It has “SR” then Friday’s date. The column for the dollar amount hasn’t been filled in.”
“SR for Sherry Roberts? My god, Kate what do you think Ricky was up to? Was he going to sell her?”
Kate’s eyes went cop cold. “That, my friend, is the $64,000 question. I’ve got to get this to the station and get it logged in as evidence.”
“Let’s go,” Jo said. “Maybe together we can reduce it to a 64 cent question.”
* * *
Kate spent the next hour at her desk with her computer and Ricky’s book. She listed initials and dates then searched for local runaways and missing children. She knew she was on the right track when she found three easy matches from the last six months.
“Jo, this is making me sick. I think Ricky was into sex trafficking. Look, I can match these initials with the names of these girls and the timing is within a day or two of when they were reported missing.”
“Ricky’s gonna have a lot of ‘splainin’ to do, Lucy.”
Kate chuckled. “This isn’t a laughing matter.”
“I know that. But what the hell, Kate. I think you just uncovered a major sex trafficking ring right here in our own backyard. Look,” she spun her own laptop around. “I was doing some general research while you were working on the book. Did you know that central Florida has the second highest number of child trafficking cases in the United States? Or depending on the source you use maybe the third highest. Any way you look at it, it’s bad.”
Kate sighed. “I knew the numbers were up there but I had no idea we were striving for the top of the garbage heap.”
“Hey, Caz, Kate.” Mitch walked in. “You switching departments?” he looked at Jo.
“Nah, I’m just hanging around with Miss Solve-It here.”
“Yeah? What’s this I hear that you’ve called the FBI twice in one day? You going for a record?”
“Two different cases, two different calls,” Kate responded rubbing her eyes. “We think Christian has been taken out of state therefore the first call. Now we find out that Ricky is possibly into sex trafficking, so call number two. They’re sending an agent down tomorrow but I don’t know if we’ll end up with more of them or not.”
“How’s the chief taking this? He gets pretty territorial with those guys.”
“I’m just hoping they’re not complete jerks ‘cause, Mitch, we really need some help. Just going through the book we found tonight I’ve already discovered three possible matches from this area.”
Mitch shook his head. “Leave it to you.”
Kate put the book back in its plastic evidence bag. “Well, Jo gets the credit. She was the one who noticed the airbag hadn’t deployed and she’s the one who actually found the book.”
“I stand corrected,” Mitch grinned at them both. “And if Caz is the reason for the new uniform then I’m all for the change. We could call it the Diva Detective Unit.”
Jo looked down at her stained tee and ragged cut-offs, then at Kate, who looked like she stepped off a runway. “Is that because we look so much alike?” she asked, closing her laptop.
“Let’s go home before this gets any deeper,” Kate said. “Mitch, keep the streets safe for us tonight.”
“At your service, Chief.” he saluted.



Chapter Fourteen

Kate entered the office of the elementary school and found the atmosphere completely subdued. Gone was the lively chatter from the week before. Sunny smiles had been replaced with solemn faces and sad eyes. The secretary rose from her desk when she saw Kate.
“Detective Snow, isn’t it?”
Kate nodded and placed her identification on the counter. “I need to speak with Phyllis Perry.”
“She’s our kindergarten teacher. I can call her for you. I guess you heard the news about Diana?”
“Yes, I’m very sorry for your loss.”
“I don’t know what we’re going to do around here without her.”
“Is someone going to cover her classes?”
“Oh yes. Mr. Phelps called the substitute list personally when we heard. It’s just so sad.”
“Traffic accidents always are,” Kate replied and turned as Phyllis walked into the office.
“Detective Snow,” she said extending a hand. “We have to stop meeting like this.”
Kate offered a smile. “Is there somewhere we can talk privately?” 
“You could use the principal’s office,” the secretary offered. “I’m sure Mr. Phelps wouldn’t mind.”
Kate watched Phyllis shake her head. “Thanks, Jean, but I’ll take Detective Snow back to my classroom. We have a good half hour before the kids get in.”
“That would be fine,” Kate agreed and together they started down the hall. When they were at the doorway of the kindergarten room she paused. “Was there a reason why you didn’t want to use the principal’s office?”
Phyllis gave a sigh. “Jean means well, but she likes to listen in on the intercom. And the only way she could keep a secret would be to Crazy-Glue her lips together. Heck, even then I think she’d find a way to spread the news.”
“I see.” Kate looked around at the cheerful animal alphabet that danced its way across the back wall. The bulletin board sported a garden of flowers with photos of individual students in the center of each bloom. The title read, “Together we grow, together we bloom.” Doll-like tables and chairs were pushed together in groups of four similar to that of the third grade classroom. But where that classroom had appeared cold and austere with posters that admonished good study habits and responsibility, this room spoke of cheer and happiness. Amazing, Kate thought, what a difference a teacher can make.
“We can sit over here,” Phyllis said, pulling two adult size chairs around to the front of her desk. “Now what can I do for you? I assume it has to do with Diana and the accident.”
Kate nodded and took out her notebook. “I understand she was at your party Friday night.”
“She gave me the party,” Phyllis corrected. “Diana threw me the best surprise birthday party a girl ever had. And she wasn’t drinking,” Phyllis added quickly. At Kate’s silence she rushed on. “I read in the Sunday paper that alcohol was involved. And if that’s true, it wasn’t Diana. She might have had a glass of wine with dinner, but we saw her at the very end of the party and she wasn’t drunk.”
“We?”
“Sorry, my fiancé, Jack. Diana helped us carry my presents out to the car. We actually invited her to come back to our place for a nightcap.”
“But she didn’t?”
“She said something about having an early doctor’s appointment the next morning. Her eye allergies had been driving her crazy and she was going to see the doctor to get a prescription for something better than the over-the-counter drops she’d been using.”
“So the drops she used were not prescription?”
“No, she was trying to get by with the over-the-counter stuff. She said they helped for a while but she thought she was using them too often so that’s why she called for an appointment.”
“And can you tell me who was at the party?”
Phyllis grinned. “Just everyone I know. Diana and my fiancé invited half the world and everyone showed up.”
“Were there teachers from here?” Kate’s eyes scanned the room again.
“Sure. I don’t know exactly how she pulled it off but the entire faculty was there. Even Mr. Phelps came with his wife and they never participate in social events like that.”
“So it’s unusual for the Principal to attend faculty events?”
“No, I guess I mean if it’s specifically a school function he’d show. But this was my birthday party with friends from everywhere and for something like that he’d never attend let alone come with his wife.”
“I see.” Kate made a note in her book. “Phyllis, was Diana having problems with anyone? If I remember correctly the first day I came here she and Betsy Johnson were at odds.”
Phyllis shook her head slowly. “No, that was settled when Field Day was reinstated and Betsy resigned as the chairperson.”
“And Betsy wasn’t upset about this?”
“No, pretty much the opposite. She never wanted to be in charge of Field Day to begin with. In fact she was pretty ticked at Mr. Phelps for assigning it to her. Everyone knows Betsy hates being outside in the heat. But sometimes Mr. Phelps does that.”
“Does what exactly?”
“Look, this makes me uncomfortable to talk about my boss, okay?”
“Phyllis, what you say to me goes no further. I’m just trying to understand the dynamics of the faculty.”
“Well, I guess I just don’t understand what this has to do with Diana’s accident.”
“Humor me.”
Phyllis looked down at her folded hands then back up at Kate. “Let’s just say Mr. Phelps is sometimes childish. If he knows you don’t want to do something, more than likely he’ll assign you to that project. And I know, some bosses do that to help you learn and grow, blah, blah, blah. But in this case it’s his way of reminding you he’s the boss. He’s not a very good principal and he’s terrible at discipline. And okay, I’ll say it, he’s not well liked by the faculty.”
“Okay,” Kate took more notes with the shorthand she’d developed over the years. “Did Diana have any problems with Mr. Phelps recently?”
“You could say that,” Phyllis said thoughtfully. “When he canceled her Field Day, Diana retaliated by calling a number of the parents. Now, you understand they would have found out about the cancelled activity when the newsletter came out, but by then it would have been too late to reinstate it. So Diana just gave them a little jump on the information.”
“And that caused a problem?”
“And then some. Diana was a well-liked and well-respected teacher on this staff and in this community. She did a lot of volunteer work on the weekends and she coached the girls’ soccer team after school. So when Mr. Phelps cancelled her opening event, she contacted parents to let them know. They in turn phoned their concern or came in to voice their complaint. I think Mr. Phelps was stunned by how much support Diana got.”
“And it made him angry?”
“Actually,” Phyllis said quietly, “I think it made him jealous. Like I said, I find him to be childish in many ways.”
“Would you also say he could be vindictive?”
Phyllis blinked in surprise. “I don’t know. But I guess if you actually thought about it, assigning people to the committees you know they are going to hate – that’s sort of vindictive. But it’s probably more just being really petty.”
“Can you think of anyone else who might have had a problem with Diana?”
Phyllis was silent for a moment. “No, I really can’t. Like I said before detective, Diana was well liked around here. And she was a great friend.”
Kate watched Phyllis’s eyes begin to fill. “I’m sorry, I know you were very close.”
“She was the best,” Phyllis sniffed and reached for a tissue. “It was hard to talk to the kids yesterday and explain what had happened. I don’t want them to think I’ve been crying when they come in this morning.”
“I can understand that. Look, I need you to make me a list of all the people who were at the party Friday night. Can you do that?”
Phyllis blew her nose and nodded. “Sure. Do you want me to do that now? I’d probably need to check with Jack to be sure I got everybody. I could contact him during my lunch hour then fax you the list.”
Kate pulled out one of her cards and handed it to Phyllis. “That would be great.” Standing she glanced at the clock. “I know the students are coming in soon. Do you have any idea of how I can talk with some of the other teachers without causing any major disturbance?”
Phyllis thought for a moment then reached over to a stack of papers on her desk. “This is the schedule for our special classes,” she said handing the page to Kate. “If a teacher is listed for art or music or physical education then she’s free during that period. The times are on the top.”
Kate studied the page. “This is a big help. I’m going to.. . .” she paused in the doorway as the school’s public address system clicked on.
“Will Detective Snow please report to the office? I repeat, will Detective Snow please report to the office.”
Kate looked at Phyllis. “That was the secretary, right? And you told her I was going to your room.”
Phyllis rolled her eyes. “I’m afraid that that was her way of letting the entire faculty know you were in the building. I told you she always finds a way to spread the news.”
Kate just shook her head. “No problem. They were going to know I was here sooner or later. Now it’s just sooner.” She tapped the card that Phyllis still held. “If you think of anything else give me a call, okay?”
“Ah, Detective, can I ask if there’s any word about Christian? I just can’t get that little guy out of my head.”
“I’m afraid not. I can tell you that the FBI is now assisting with the search. But for now, all I can say is we’re following up on all leads.” She didn’t bother to add there had been hundreds of 'Christian sightings' from New York to California and each call was being painstakingly pursued.
Kate made her way down the long hallway and back to the office where Mr. Phelps paced anxiously.
“Detective Snow,” he said the moment she stepped in. “I realize that you are probably not aware of our procedures here, but it’s necessary for a visitor to sign in and receive a visitor badge.”
Kate gave the sign-in book on the counter a little nudge. “But I did sign in,” she smiled, tapping her name with a finger. “Unfortunately you weren’t here or I would have spoken to you directly. And since you’re available now, why don’t we go to your office?”
Mr. Phelps took a slight step back before he caught himself. “Well, you didn’t get a visitor badge,” he stammered.
Kate merely touched her detective badge, which was clearly visible at her waist. “I think this will do as badges go. Now would you like to speak with me in your office?” She watched a dull red begin to creep up his neck.
“I’m busy now. You’ll have to make an appointment with my secretary. I have a school to run.” And with that, he turned, and going into his office, closed the door.
Kate looked at the secretary. “Well, that went well. Would you like to make an appointment for me with Mr. Phelps?” She watched the woman open an appointment book.
“Was there a time that would be convenient for you, Detective Snow?” she said tapping the blank page with her pencil.
Kate grinned. “Why don’t we say in 30 minutes? That way I can speak with a few more teachers before then.”
“I believe I can squeeze you in.” She wrote Kate’s name in bold letters. “Even with this,” she said handing Kate an official appointment card, “he’ll keep you waiting at least 10 minutes.” Her voice dropped to a hushed whisper. “He thinks that makes him look important.”
Kate took the card. “And doesn’t it?”
The secretary gave a slight shake of her head. “It just makes him look inconsiderate and rude, which he is.”
“Thanks,” Kate nodded and tipped the card. “I’ll be in the teacher’s room if you need to call me.”
“Detective, is there any news on Christian?”
“Not at the moment,” Kate said. “But we’re still getting tips and we’re following up on all leads.”
The secretary heaved a sigh. “First Christian goes missing then Diana is killed in a senseless accident. I can tell you this isn’t a good beginning to our year.”
“I can agree with you there,” Kate said. “I’ll be across the hall.” And with that, she left to find the teachers’ lounge to wait for her next interview.
* * *
It was nearing lunchtime when Kate finally made her way back to her office. She’d managed to interview almost everyone on the staff and the answers were all the same, Diana Harkins was well liked and well respected. No, she didn’t have any enemies and, yes, she and the principal were having a disagreement. Then, depending on who she was speaking to, the disagreement went from being something minor to a full fledged fight. And everyone had expressed surprise that Principal Phelps had attended the birthday party. Phelps had brushed off that comment with a wave of his hand. Of course he attended all school functions, he stated firmly, and he would never miss a party for one of his faculty. Now, why would you lie about this, she thought. And if you’re going to lie to me about something so small, what else would you lie about?
Kate entered the squad room to find Denzel Washington sitting at her desk and looking through Ricky’s black book.
What the heck? she thought, then walked straight to her desk. “Can I help you?” He rose to an impressive 6’2” and offered his hand. “You must be Detective Snow. I’m Special Agent Tony Lincoln.”
Kate took his hand and tried not to stare. The man was strikingly handsome with brown eyes that sparkled. “I’m sorry I wasn’t here to meet you, Agent Lincoln. I was told you wouldn’t be here until late afternoon.”
He kept her hand for a moment longer than necessary, then released it with a smile. “No problem. I was able to catch an earlier flight. And from what I can see you’ve been very busy.”
Kate maneuvered around him to sit at her desk and indicated the chair beside it for him. “Which case are you here to work on?” she asked.
“Initially, I was asked to help with your missing child case. But when your second call came in the boss had me switch priorities. The Bureau will still give its complete cooperation for the missing child, but I’m here to concentrate on the sex trafficking problem you’ve uncovered. And call me Tony,” he added. “Want to bring me up to speed with where you’re at?”
Where to start? Kate thought. “Last night a friend and I were inspecting the car wreck from Friday night.”
“A friend?” he questioned.
“Jo Cazimer. She’s a probation officer for the county.”
“I see. And you and Jo just decided to drive by and see the wreck again?”
Kate felt herself begin to bristle. “That accident was one of mine,” she said stiffly. “The little girl that was killed was only 15. I couldn’t stop wondering why she was in that car in the first place and then why she went flying through the windshield. According to all the witnesses, neither car was going that fast but both drifted into the middle of the intersection at the same time.”
“And smack,” he continued, “your head-on crash with two fatalities.”
“Exactly. What I couldn’t get my mind around was why Sherry, that’s the girl’s name, didn’t get caught by the airbag. So Jo and I went to take another look to see what I missed the first time.”
“And instead of a defective airbag, you found this?”
“Actually, Jo gets the credit. She’s the one who pried the airbag compartment open.”
“Where she found there wasn’t an airbag to deploy.”
“That would be correct.”
“And have you had time to check out any of the information in this book?” He said taking the book back off her desk again.
“Not much. But I have been able to match some of the initials with some of our runaways or missing kids. Then, if you look at the dates in the book they’re fairly close to the time that each child went missing.”
“That’s quite a lot of information for not much work.”
“So far it’s just a theory. I haven’t had a chance to actually test it out.”
He handed the book back to her. “Well you and your friend have managed to find a key piece to a puzzle I’ve been working on for the past year. Sex trafficking in Central Florida is becoming an epidemic. Right now it’s the second largest criminal industry in the United States just behind drugs.”
Kate nodded. “Jo looked up some of the statistics last night while I was working on the book.”
“It’s a shame,” he continued, “but most of the predators approach offering just what their prey is looking for, acceptance and love. Physical abduction is still prevalent, but it’s not usually the first choice. I’m going to bet your victim wasn’t the most popular girl in school and didn’t have the best home life.”
“You’d be right about that.” Kate thought of Sherry’s screaming parents and how Julie had said the other girls hadn’t liked her. “I think she was struggling to fit in.”
“Then she was even more at risk. Young girls who aren’t used to compliments are especially vulnerable to that approach. And you said they met on the Internet?”
Kate nodded. “That’s what I’ve been told. My source said that Sherry was secretive about him but finally showed the girls his picture. My source was able to pick him out of a group of photos I showed her.”
“And I’ll bet that when our Ricky, which is what he’s now calling himself, started to court Sherry, he stressed keeping it private, something special just between the two of them.”
“That would make it even more alluring to someone like her,” Kate said sadly. “He’s still in the hospital if you want to interview him.”
“Do you know when he’s going to be released?”
“It won’t matter because as soon as he’s cleared he’s going to jail. Turns out besides being cited for DUI the jerk was already on probation for battery.”
“I’m not surprised. Is there an empty desk I can use? I have my own computer.” He looked around the squad room.
“Sure,” Kate said. “You can use my desk and I’ll move over to Mitch’s. He’s doing nights this week. Can I ask what you’re going to do?”
“I’m going to take this gem you and your friend uncovered and try to match it with information I already have.”
Kate shifted her laptop to Mitch’s desk then turned to see Tony just staring at her. “What?” she asked. “Do you need something?”
He held up the book. “I’m still trying to take in the fact that you just broke the case wide open that I’ve been working on for over 13 months. You’re going to get a commendation for this.”
“You shouldn’t get commendations for lucky finds,” Kate said, turning on her own computer.
“Sometimes that’s all there is,” he replied.
Kate tried not to think about the man sitting across the aisle from her. So what if he was tall, dark, and handsome, she had a job to do. She booted up her laptop and went to work.
It didn’t take long to find that Principal Frank Phelps had a history of domestic violence. “Well, well, Frank,” she muttered. “What have we here?” Kate read further. Two arrests but both out of state. I wonder if that’s how you stayed under the radar here in Florida. Making a decision, she picked up the phone.
“Detective Snow for Principal Phelps,” she said when the secretary answered.
“May I tell him what this in reference to, Detective?” the secretary asked.
“I’m just doing more follow-up from this morning,” she said easily. She wasn’t surprised when he again kept her waiting before coming on the line.
“What do you need, Detective Snow? As I told you this morning, I have a school to run and I’m very busy.”
“I’m sure you are, Mr. Phelps, but I need you and Mrs. Phelps to come to the station for some follow-up questions.”
“My wife,” he choked out. “What does my wife have to do with anything? She doesn’t work here.”
“We can clear this all up when you arrive. I understand school is over at 3:00 so why don’t I expect you by 4:30.”
“That’s not convenient, Detective. As I told you I’m a very busy man and I can’t begin to know what plans my wife might have.”
“Then I suggest you call her now so she can rearrange her schedule if necessary. Do you know where the police station is Mr. Phelps or should I send a squad car?”
“Don’t threaten me, Detective. I know damn well where the station is and you’re not sending some black and white to sit in front of my house so my neighbors can speculate about us.”
“Good, I’m glad to know I won’t have to provide transportation. So we’ll look forward to seeing you and Mrs. Phelps at 4:30, agreed?”
“You’ll see me and my lawyer,” he snapped.
“Oh by all means,” she said easily. “I was just about to remind you that you’re entitled to bring representation if you wish.”
“Are you arresting me? Do I need a damn lawyer? What’s this about? And why do you need my wife? Has she called you? What’s going on?”
“Mr. Phelps, I’m sure we can get everything straightened out when you, Mrs. Phelps and your attorney arrive. So I’ll sign off and see you at 4:30. Have a pleasant afternoon. Goodbye.”
Kate was smiling with satisfaction when she hung up the phone.
“That was well done,” Agent Lincoln said from across the aisle. At her stare he just smiled. “Sorry, but couldn’t help over hearing. You’ve got him worried and wondering what you know and what his wife knows. Is he on your list for the sex trafficking?”
“No, this is another case,” Kate said. Then, deciding it wouldn’t hurt to run things by someone with his expertise, she continued. “In the traffic accident where we got Ricky, the other fatality was a teacher from the local elementary school where the little boy is missing.
“Ouch, that hits home.”
“Exactly. I’ve been to the school and I’ve spoken with the staff on more than one occasion. As it turns out, I talked with Diana that very afternoon. She was happy but dealing with eye allergies.”
“Then that night she’s killed in a car accident. It’s always harder when you know the victim.”
“True,” Kate said, deciding on full disclosure. “But we just found out from the M.E. that Diana wasn’t killed in the accident. She was already dead.”
Tony jerked in his chair. “What?”
“Yeah, what is right. The M.E determined that Diana was poisoned. Someone put ricin in her eye drops, or they switched the bottles and gave her one with the poison already in it. That’s a more probable scenario.”
“If she put ricin laced drops in her eyes.…” he trailed off.
“Exactly, our M.E. said she would have died within minutes depending on how strong the dose was. So no one is in control of her car because she’s dead, Ricky is DUI and fate has them crash in the middle of a busy intersection.”
“So what does the principal have to do with it? You think he was involved?”
Kate sighed. “I don’t know. All I do know is that I saw her use the drops that afternoon. Other attendees at the party saw her using the drops. Everyone at the party knew and liked her. And the only person she was having difficulty with was the principal.”
“And do you think his wife is involved?”
“Actually no. But the teachers I spoke with today all indicated that he never came to personal parties like the birthday party Diana threw for the kindergarten teacher. And he never brought his wife to school functions. Now he shows up unexpectedly and has the Mrs along with him. I want to know why.”
“This should be interesting,” Tony said. “And what’s with the lawyer if he’s just coming in to answer some simple questions?”
Kate spun her laptop around so he could see her screen. “I found out that our dear principal was arrested twice for domestic violence where he used to live. He and the Mrs moved to Florida a little over two years ago. This is his second year at the school and I can’t really find anyone who likes him.
* * *
 Hours later, a frustrated Kate watched the principal, his wife and lawyer leave the station.
“How did it go?” Tony asked.
“As much as I don’t care for the man, I don’t have enough to be able to charge him.”
“That’s frustrating. Is he still on your list?”
Kate nodded. “Yeah, something’s going on. He lied about little things during the interview but he didn’t lie about knowing that Diana used eye drops. And he never went near her according to his wife. She said they were feuding over some event at school so Frank was keeping his distance. I think she picked up on the fact her husband isn’t a favorite person at the school. It didn’t sound like a very pleasant evening for her.”
“So why did she go in the first place?”
Kate turned and walked back to her desk. “She freely admitted she thought he was having an affair with one of the teachers.”
“And now?”
“Now she’s wondering how long he’ll be able to stay at the school.” When she reached her desk she caught herself and turned to Mitch’s. “How are you coming with your research?”
“This little book gives me the contacts I’ve needed and verifies other information. You were right when you matched the initials with missing girls. The more I read this the more I find. Like I said before, you’re going to get a commendation for finding this.”
“Like I said before, if anyone should be recognized it’s Jo. She’s the one that thought to look in the airbag compartment.”
“Then we’ll see if she can get one, too. Look, I’m ready to stop for the evening. Is there any chance I can ask you to join me for dinner? Wait.” He grabbed his phone and stepped away. But within moments he turned back to Kate a wide smile covering his face. He listened for several more moments and the smile started to fade.
“Well,” he said when he clicked off, “I have good news.” At Kate’s questioning stare he continued. “We’ve found Christian.”
“What? That’s wonderful! Where is he? Is he okay?” Kate nearly danced with joy. Grabbing for her phone she started to punch in Jo’s number until Tony stopped her with an upheld hand. “Oh, god,” she said quietly looking at his face. “Is he dead?”
“No, actually he’s fine.” But Tony’s face didn’t register fine.
“Then what?”
“Christian was found in Wyoming. The tip you got for that was right on.”
“Then what’s the problem?” Kate asked.
“The problem is his parents,” he rubbed his hand down his face. “Look, this is complicated. The woman who grabbed him claims to be his natural mother. Seems her child was abducted a little over seven years ago. It’s a well-documented case out there. She’s been searching for him ever since.”
“Oh, my god,” Kate sank down on the chair.
“Yeah, exactly. Over the years she’s hired a number of detectives with no results. This year her luck turned and the man she hired found Christian.”
“But how does she know it’s her child? She just can’t snatch someone she ‘thinks’ is hers.”
“Exactly,” he said. “So The Department of Child Welfare in Wyoming has placed Christian in a foster home until DNA results can be established. They’re probably going to ask for DNA from his parents here to test for a match.”
“It won’t,” Kate said slowly, thinking of Aggie.
“What?”
“It won’t match.” She looked over at Tony. “Our M.E. did a DNA test when we brought him Christian’s hair. Christian’s father is currently one of the unexplained deaths we’re investigating. Yesterday when Jo and I confronted his mother, Aggie, she admitted Christian wasn’t her biological child. But she believed him to be the biological child of her husband. When we told her that wasn’t the case she was utterly confused. Aggie’s not a good enough actress to pull that off. I’d bet money that she had no idea the baby wasn’t Danny’s.”
“Well the agent in Wyoming tells me that Christian is a dead ringer for the woman. Same hair, eyes, facial features. Said you’d pick them out as mother and son without a moment’s hesitation.”
“But they are going to hesitate and do the testing, right?”
He nodded. “As soon as the results come back, we’re going to want to talk with his mother here to see what part, if any, she played in his abduction.”
“I can help you there. Aggie told us yesterday that Danny already had the baby when they got married. She said he told her an old girlfriend showed up and told him the baby was his. She was touched that he accepted responsibility for the child. He told her it made them a ready-made family.”
“And you believe her?”
Kate nodded. “You’ll want to interview her yourself, but I don’t think she could pull off something like that. True, Danny ran the show in that house, but I don’t think he would have been able to get Aggie to participate in stealing a child.”
“Well, you’re going to have to tell her before it hits the news.”
“That poor woman.” Kate reached for her phone again. “She’s lost her husband and now her child.” She looked at Tony. “I hope she’s strong enough to handle this.”
“Do you want me to go with you when you tell her?” he asked.
Kate shook her head. “I’m calling Jo. She’s Aggie’s probation officer and they already have a relationship. I’ll get her to go with me.”
“Any chance for dinner later?”
Kate hesitated for a moment. “Sure, Jo and I were going to meet some friends this evening so why don’t you join us?”
“Thanks, I’d like that. Actually I was going to ask if I could meet Jo since she was in on your sex trafficking find.”
“Do you have a car?”
“Rented one at the airport.”
“Good,” she scribbled directions on a sheet of paper then handed it to him. “We’re going to AL'S Landing. Casual, eclectic, hometown restaurant located right on the lake. Great food and live music. Meet us there about seven.”
Tony scanned the directions. “Sounds perfect. I’ve got a few more calls to make so I’ll see you then. And good luck with Christian’s mother.”



Chapter Fifteen

Jo pulled in behind Kate as she got out of the car in front of Aggie’s house. “I just want to shout for joy because that little boy is safe,” she said joining Kate. “Then I think of what this is going to do to Aggie and it makes me sick. Kate, how is she going to deal with losing her husband and her child? And to find out the child was never really hers but an abducted baby? I hope this doesn’t push her over the edge.”
“Then you don’t think she ever knew about Christian?”
“If you mean that Christian wasn’t Danny’s natural son, no, I really don’t think so. She seemed completely devastated when we told her.”
“I tend to agree with you, but the FBI is still going to want to question her.” Kate took a deep breath. “Okay, let’s do this. And thanks for coming. I think Aggie will manage better since you’re here, but no matter what, this isn’t going to be pleasant.”
Jo squared her shoulders. “Yeah, knocking the feet out from under someone as shaky as Aggie is never on the top of my list.”
They walked up to the door and Kate gave a brisk knock. When the door opened Kate found herself looking at a stranger.
“Can I help you?” he asked politely. His white dress shirt was rolled up at the sleeves exposing well-tanned arms. Thick brown hair didn’t quite cover a wide forehead and a five o’clock shadow dusted his angular chin.
“Detective Snow to see Aggie Witmore,” Kate said formally.
The man nodded. “Then please come in. Agatha,” he called, “you have visitors.” He turned indicating for them to follow.
Jo looked at Kate and mouthed ‘Agatha?”
Kate quirked a brow in response.
Jo did a double take as they entered the house. The air was scented with lemons and a man’s suit jacket hung neatly over one of the dining chairs. Dirty dishes were gone from the table as were the piles of unopened mail. The mountain of trash had disappeared from the coffee table and clothes had been picked up from the floor. In the distance she could hear the rumble of a washer.
“I’m sorry,” Kate said as they moved into the living room. “I don’t believe we’ve met.”
“I’m Karl Patterson,” he said formally extending his hand. “I’m a friend of Agatha’s.”
Aggie walked into the room and froze when she saw Kate. “I haven’t been drinking,” she said quickly.
“I’m not here about that,” Kate said. “Could we sit down?”
“You have news of Agatha’s son?” Karl asked moving to Aggie’s side.
“Let’s sit down,” Jo said.
Karl led Aggie to the sofa and sat beside her. “What news is there?”
“First,” Kate said, “I need to tell you that Christian is safe.”
“You found him?” Aggie jerked to her feet. “Where is he?” She would have started for the door but Karl grabbed her hand.
“Agatha, sit down. I think the police have more to tell you,” he said reading Kate’s face.
When Aggie was again sitting on the sofa, Kate continued. “Aggie, the FBI found Christian in Wyoming. And ..,,”
“Wyoming? How did he get that far away?” Aggie interrupted. “When are you bringing him back? Do I have to go to Wyoming to get him? How am I going to do that?” She directed her last question to Karl who still held her hand.
“Aggie there is a problem,” Kate started again.
“But you said he wasn’t hurt. You said my boy was all right. I don’t understand.”
“Aggie, when Jo and I were here the other day you told us that Christian wasn’t your natural son, remember?”
Aggie blushed and pulled her hand away from Karl. “I remember,” she said quietly. “But what does that have to do with anything. I’m his mother. Danny and I are married, that makes him mine.”
“Aggie,” Kate said gently, “the problem is that Christian wasn’t Danny’s son either. We told you that, too, the last time we were here.”
Aggie clasped her hands together in her lap and started to rock. “You must be wrong. Danny had the baby when we got married. I told you he said his old girlfriend showed up and dumped the baby on him.”
“Had you known Danny long before you two got together?” Jo asked quietly. 
Aggie shook her head. “We’d only been dating for a few weeks. Then when he got the baby he said we should get married. We’d be a ready-made family.” When she looked up her eyes swam with tears.
“Did you move right after that?” Jo continued.
Aggie sniffed. “Yes, practically the next day. Danny said there just wasn’t enough work to support our new family so we packed up and moved to Iowa. At least I think it was Iowa. We moved a lot back then. But I don’t see what this has to do with anything. I want to see my son.”
“Aggie,” Kate said gently, “I know this is going to be hard for you to hear but as I told you before, Danny was not Christian’s father.”
“But why would his old girlfriend lie about something like that?” she interrupted again. “Danny believed her. Did she have a baby with another man and try to blame it on Danny?”
“Aggie,” this time it was Kate who interrupted, “the baby wasn’t from one of Danny’s girlfriends. Aggie, the baby was kidnapped.”
“What?” Aggie jerked to her feet again. “Why are you saying this to me? Danny wouldn’t do something like that. Why are you lying about him?” she screamed.
Kate kept her voice calm and soft. “Aggie, sit down. We don’t know who kidnapped the baby. What we do know for certain is that it wasn’t Danny’s child. The child’s real mother has been searching for him for the past seven years. And when they saw Christian, they knew they found him.”
Karl pulled Aggie back onto the sofa beside him. “Look, I’m sorry that that woman’s child was abducted all those years ago, but are you saying she’s the one who kidnapped Christian?” At Kate’s nod he continued. “Then she should be prosecuted. Christian needs to be home with his mother and that’s Agatha.”
“Who his mother is has yet to be determined,” Kate said quietly. “Child Welfare has Christian now and he’s with a foster family until the DNA tests are completed. But Aggie, I need to warn you,” Kate continued, “if it turns out that the woman is his natural mother, Christian is going to be given back to her.”
“But he’s mine!” Aggie started to sob. “He’s been my baby for forever. I’m the one who rocked him to sleep at night. You just can’t take him away from me.”
“Aggie, I’m not sure exactly what is going to happen. I just need you to be prepared. The FBI never closes missing children cases, so an agent will be coming to speak with you. Meanwhile, it’s going to hit the news tonight, so I wanted you to know before you heard it on TV. You’re probably going to have reporters calling and camping on your front lawn to try and get a statement from you.”
“I just want my boy back.” She continued to cry.
“Aggie,” Jo moved to sit beside her on the sofa, “I know this is terrible. But you’ve got to think for a moment about Christian’s natural mother. You know what you’ve been going through for the past two weeks. She’s been searching for him for the past seven years.”
“I don’t care about her,” Aggie snapped. “I want my son back.”
“I know you do,” Jo patted Aggie’s leg. “But Aggie, you’ve got to face the fact that Danny might have been the one who abducted Christian.”
“He wouldn’t do something like that,” Aggie spat. “Danny was a kind and caring man. He’d never harm anyone. You’re just saying that because he isn’t here to defend himself and I think you’re horrible to try to blame him for something he didn’t do.”
Jo started to object but Kate stood up.
“Aggie,” Kate said, “I’m sorry. I know this is difficult for you. But we wanted you to know that Christian is alive and safe. The FBI will be in touch and keep you posted on what happens next.” She gave Jo the signal and started toward the door.
“Detective,” Karl said rising, “may I speak with you outside for a moment?” At Kate’s nod he touched Aggie’s shoulder. “I’ll only be a moment, Agatha,” he said softly. “We’ll get this all sorted out.”
When the front door closed Karl turned on Kate. “Did you really think it necessary to crush her that way? Hasn’t that poor woman been through enough?”
“And what is your relationship with Aggie, Mr. Patterson?” Kate asked.
“I’m a friend,” he snapped. “And her name is Agatha. It was bad enough Daniel gave her that hideous nickname but I see no reason for someone in your profession to continue the insult.”
“I see,” Kate simply stood. “And since you’re Agatha’s friend, I’m surprised I haven’t seen you here before.”
“I’ve been away on a business trip. I didn’t hear the news until I returned.”
“Agatha didn’t call to tell you?” Kate asked.
“She didn’t know where I was.” He rubbed his jaw in frustration. “I stopped by to see her the day I was leaving but she wasn’t home. I asked Daniel to tell her I’d be back in a little over two weeks. But the son of a bitch never even told her I came by. Agatha told me she went to the bar to look for me the night Daniel died, but you came and arrested her.” The anger was back in his voice. “Was that really necessary, Detective? Do you enjoy putting someone in jail who has just lost her husband?”
“Now wait a minute,” Jo interrupted. “Aggie – excuse me-- Agatha is on probation for battery. She shouldn’t have been at a bar drinking, let alone fleeing the scene of her husband's murder.”
“She was looking for me,” Karl stated. “She didn’t know that I wouldn’t be coming in that night.”
“Okay,” Kate interrupted. “Mr. Patterson, Agatha wasn’t arrested as she could have been. We simply kept her overnight so she would be sober enough to answer our questions about her husband. Now, you said you stopped by to see her before you left for your trip. When would that have been?”
“I think it was the day after Labor Day,” he said. “But I’d have to check my calendar to be sure I did know Christian wouldn’t have school that day, so I thought I’d catch them both at home and ask if she wanted me to bring anything special back from California.”
“Did you do that often? Bring gifts to another man’s wife?”
“It isn’t like that,” he snapped. “Agatha is a decent woman so don’t make a simple friendship into something sordid. I often travel with my job and I try to bring something back from the state I was just in for Christian. And yes, sometimes I bring a token for Agatha as well.”
“Can I ask how you and Agatha met?”
Karl gave a deep sigh. “Look, she came into the Night Owl Bar one night with Daniel. He deserted her and went to play pool with his drinking friends. I like to stop in now and again to have a beer after work. I live alone but I don’t think it’s healthy to drink alone. Agatha and I started talking. She’s a remarkable woman.”
“But I take it you didn’t much care for her husband.”
Karl drew in a breath and let it out slowly. “He was a poor excuse for a man and shouldn’t have been any woman’s husband. It was appalling the way he treated Agatha and that child. And I don’t mind saying I really think she’s better off now that he’s dead.”
“I see. And when you came and spoke to Mr. Witmore, did you have words?”
Karl gave her a startled look. “As in an argument? Hardly. But I did think someone with his limited brain capacity could have remembered to deliver a simple message. Obviously, I was wrong.”
“Mr. Patterson, did you know that Mr. Witmore was into body building?”
“I’m not blind, Detective,” he said flatly. At Kate’s silence he continued. “The man keeps his weight bench in the living room. You practically trip over it to move around in there. But then Daniel was always self-centered. I don’t think he ever gave a thought about anyone else or their feelings.”
“Well, it seems that Agatha is very lucky to have you for a friend, Mr. Patterson,” Kate said.
Karl took another breath. “Do you really believe that the woman in Wyoming is Christian’s natural mother?”
“It’s really too soon to be sure but.…”
“But you think it’s more than a possibility or you wouldn’t have brought it up.”
“I think we need to wait until the tests come back for the answers,” Kate replied.
“That bastard!” Karl exploded. “He took that baby, didn’t he? It would be just like him to do something that evil. But why? Why would he steal a baby? Do you think he was going to try for a ransom?”
“I don’t know,” Kate said, thinking of the child pornography on Danny’s computer. “But with Danny not here to answer questions all we have is speculation at this point.”
“She doesn’t deserve this,” he said. “She just doesn’t deserve this.”
Kate hesitated then made a decision. “Mr. Patterson, in a few hours the news media is going to be all over this story. You might consider taking Agatha away for the evening or at least stay here with her so she’s not alone when it starts.”
He gave Kate a questioning look. “I have a beach home she could use for a few days.”
Kate pulled out her card and gave it to him. “The FBI will need to know where she is, so if you do decide to go somewhere, be sure to let me know. You don’t want them to think Agatha is trying to flee.”
Karl turned the card over and over in his hand. “I’ll call and leave the address as soon as I can convince her to leave. And Detective, I know when she thinks it through, Agatha will be appreciative for the advanced warning about the press.” And with that he turned and went back into the house.
Jo took a step closer to Kate. “Did he just admit to what I think he admitted to? Did he just tell you that he was here the morning Danny was killed?”
Kate nodded and stared at the little house with its overgrown weeds. “I’m glad she has a friend, but I’m going to do a lot more digging into this relationship.” She turned back to Jo. “Just when you think you have all the pieces, the puzzle changes.”
Jo gave herself a shake. “Are we still on for dinner?”
Kate smiled. “Yes, Isaac and Nola are meeting us at AL'S Landing and I’ve invited Agent Lincoln to join us.”
“You asked the FBI to dinner?”
“Wait till you see him,” Kate chuckled. “You’ll understand why.”
Jo just shook her head and turned back toward her car. “You never cease to amaze me. I’m going to run home first and feed the kids. I’ll meet you there.”
“Sounds like a plan.” Kate was walking back to her own car when a woman came out of the house across the street.
“Yoo-hoo,” she called, waving her arm. “Excuse me, Officer.”
Kate paused and waited for the woman to cross the street.
“You are the police aren’t you?” she asked looking directly at the gun and badge on Kate’s belt.
“I’m Detective Snow. Can I help you?”
“I’m Dottie Bishop, I live across the street.” She pointed to the pretty pink bungalow she’d just come from. “I’ve been out of town, sick mother,” she offered by way of explanation. “Is there any news about that poor little boy?”
Kate smiled. “He’s been found and he’s safe.”
Dottie pressed a hand to her heart. “Oh thank the lord. I’ve been so worried, what with my mom being sick and all and not being able to help. I’ve just been beside myself.”
“We’re all delighted to know he’s safe,” Kate replied then glanced pointedly at her watch. “But if you’ll excuse me.… ”
“And did the principal do it?” Dottie pushed. “It’s been driving me crazy not knowing what was happening.”
“Did the principal do what?” Kate raised an eyebrow.
“Well, I just thought.” Dottie began to wilt under Kate’s stare. “Oh, never mind. I guess you can’t really talk about it anyway.”
“Dottie,” Kate said when the woman started to turn away, “what are you talking about? Did you see something?”
Dottie’s face lit up with delight. “Oooh, I’ve always wanted to be a part of an investigation. I love those shows on television. Can’t get enough of true crime programs. Warren, that’s my husband, says I should have been on the force because I always solve the crime before the show is over and I’m almost always right,” she added with a proud smile.
Kate stood patiently and let the woman wind down. “And...?”
“Well,” she dropped her voice to a hushed whisper, “that morning, the morning that Mr. Witmore died, I’m pretty sure I saw a man go into their house.”
Kate thought of Karl Patterson who had just admitted to being there. “And was there anything else?”
Dottie looked surprised that Kate wasn’t more interested. “Well, I just thought it strange, that’s all.”
“The Witmores didn’t usually have visitors?”
“No, that Principal Phelps would make a home visit. I thought at the time that their little boy must have been in big trouble for him to do something like that, and on a day when school wasn’t even in session. I mean, you have to admit it’s unusual. Have you met the principal? Well, of course you have,” Dottie rambled on. “You would have interviewed him already.”
“And did you share this information with any of the officers who talked to the neighbors?” Kate worked to keep her tone even.
“Well, no one ever came to talk to me,” she pouted. “But then I think I was on nights that week, so I probably wasn’t home if they came. I waitress over at the Swordfish Café. Have you eaten there? We have the best cheesecake in town and, well, then my mom got sick,” she sighed. “I’ve been in South Carolina tending to her. Just got back this afternoon and I recognized you. You were here that day. The day Mr. Witmore died. I’m good with faces that way,” she preened.
“And you know Mr. Phelps?”
“Sure. He was the principal at the elementary school and, thankfully, it was my Mary Ann’s last year.”
“Mary Ann?”
“Mary Ann’s my daughter and a brighter kid you’ll never find. If you can just wait a minute I can run in the house and get you her picture.”
Kate touched Dottie’s arm as she started to turn. “Thanks, but that won’t be necessary. So Dottie, you’re telling me you saw Principal Phelps at the Witmore’s home the morning Mr. Witmore died?”
Dottie nodded her head excitedly. “Yes, I’m sure it was him. I mean I know him because of Mary Ann. He’s not a very nice man. When I went to talk to him about it, he was actually rude to me.”
“You went to talk to him about being at the Witmore’s that morning?” Kate held her breath.
“No, no. It was last year. Actually, it was more toward the end of the year. Mary Ann thought she was going to get a bad grade in math so I went in to talk to him. It was the first time I’d met the man but I didn’t expect him to be so…” She searched for the right word. “I guess unbending would be the best way to describe it. He had the nerve to tell me that if Mary Ann deserved an A she would receive an A. And if Ms. Thomas gave her a B it would be because she deserved a B. I mean can you imagine?”
“No I don’t believe I can.”
“So what did their little boy do? I mean what kind of trouble did he get into to make the principal come on a vacation day? You can tell me.” She leaned in a little closer. “I wouldn’t say a word to anyone.”
“I’m not aware that Christian was ever in trouble,” Kate said evenly. “Did you see anyone else visit the Witmore’s that day?”
Dottie shook her head and pouted. “No, he was the only one I saw. So did he have anything to do with Mr. Witmore’s death? It’s all over the news that he was poisoned and if it had anything to do with Mr. Phelps then I need to call my friends and tell them to take their children out of that school. And oh, oh my,” she took a step backward. “A teacher just died from that school. Mary Ann was really upset when we heard that the physical education teacher had been killed. Did Principal Phelps have anything to do with that? I mean, Ms. Harkins was Mary Ann’s favorite teacher. Oh, my gosh, did I just give you another clue?”
Kate resisted rolling her eyes. “Dottie, Ms. Harkins was killed in a traffic accident Friday night.”
“But was Mr. Phelps there? Did he have something to do with it? I mean I never liked that man from the first time I met him. And Warren, that’s my husband, he says I’m a good judge of character. So did he have something to do with it? Was he in the other car?”
Kate took a breath. “No he wasn’t there, and no, he didn’t have anything to do with it,” she said calmly. Or at least anything I would share with you at this moment.
“Oh, well, if I think of anything else I should call you right?”
Kate pulled out one of her cards. “Feel free to call me if you remember anything else from that day.”
Dottie nodded solemnly. “You can count on me, Detective.” And with a wistful sigh, Dottie turned and went back into her house.
Kate checked her watch again. She was going to be late, but now she had another suspect. Sometimes when it rains it pours, she thought. Then looking up into the cloudless sky she wondered if they would ever get some real rain to break the heat wave that was slowly frying everyone to a crisp.
* * *
Julie Finch sat in her history class and tried to organize her notes. Her research paper on bird smuggling was coming along, but she just couldn’t keep her mind on her work. She’d taken the plunge, made the call and now she had an honest to goodness interview for a job after school. She couldn’t wait to see the look on her mother’s face when she walked in the door and announced she’d done it. Now she just had to make it work. She wondered if Sylvia would remember her from the animal shelter. She thought they had worked well together, but you never really knew with grown-ups. And if things worked out the way she hoped, maybe Sylvia could give her some unique insights for her paper.
Her phone vibrated in her purse and she carefully slipped it out to read the text. Quills – Art Room – After – ASAP. She took a deep breath. This was going to be a problem. She wondered how Nicole would react when she said she couldn’t stay for the second time. Slipping her phone back in her purse, Julie tried to think of a way to ease out of the group. She’d wanted so much to be accepted by them in the beginning, only to find they were nothing like what she expected. Could she quit? Did anyone quit the Quills? And what would happen if she did? The thought of having Nicole Atwood and her friends as enemies was not pleasant, and she couldn’t suppress a shudder at the thought of what a few well-placed comments could do to her slowly growing reputation. Would Marques still want to date her if he knew she was on Nicole’s hit list? She wondered if she was already in dangerous territory because of asking him to sit with her while she talked to the police. And while he had been wonderful, and even held her hand during the interview, he hadn’t asked her for another date. She shuffled her notes yet again, but she wasn’t sure which problem she was actually working on.
When the bell finally sounded, Julie made her way to the art room. She’d contemplated not showing up but that seemed the cowardly way out. She walked in still wondering what she was going to say.
“I think it’s perfect,” Nicole walked around the poster that rested on the easel. “Who would have thought you could do something like this.”
Willow smiled. “Thanks, I think this one is one of my favorites.”
“It makes me want a soda that’s for sure,” Zeke piped in.
Julie moved closer then stopped in awe. Willow had created a 3D picture of a soda can that looked so real Julie thought she could reach in and just pick it up. “That’s amazing,” she gasped turning to Willow. “You are so talented.”
“Now we have to figure out how to use this,” Rhys said.
“I’m still thinking sinkhole,” Nicole said perching on the corner of a desk. “What about you Finch. What ideas have you come up with?”
Julie hugged her books tighter to her chest. “Actually, I can’t stay today. I have an appointment and I need to leave.”
“Again?” Nicole’s voice was icy.
“I’m sorry,” Julie said quietly. “But I didn’t know there was a meeting and I had already scheduled the appointment.” She looked around the room, “Sorry, but I’ve got to go. Ah, Willow, those pictures are beyond amazing. See you guys.” And turning, she fled before anyone else could say anything.
Nicole sat swinging her foot in agitation. “I hope we didn’t make a mistake with that one.”
“Ah, she’ll be okay,” Zeke said turning back to the chalk picture. “A sinkhole you said? How could we get it to be on the ground?”
Willow stood and contemplated her work. “I usually use a stretched canvas for the base under the chalk. I don’t see how just setting this on the ground would fool anyone.” She took her sketchbook and began to do a simple drawing of a sinkhole.
“Could you do that directly on the ground?” Rhys asked.
“Well sure, but these take days and I really don’t see me sitting on the ground for that long without someone noticing.”
“What if you worked on another type of surface,” Nicole said. “Something that we could transport and would lie flat.”
“Hey, what about vinyl?” Zeke offered. “It’s thin and after you were finished we could take it out and unroll it on the road somewhere and make drivers think there was a ditch in the middle of the road.”
“I don’t know…” Willow frowned. “I’m not sure how my chalks would work on vinyl. I mean doesn’t that have a shiny surface?”
“There are different types,” Rhys said. “We can get you some samples and you can see which would work the best.”
“I don’t know.” Willow shook her head.
“Come on, you at least have to try. This is such a dynamite idea.” Zeke said.
“You can do it!” Nicole stood up and walked over to put her arm around Willow’s shoulders. “You have as much talent as that what’s-his name who is so famous for his sidewalk art.”
“His name is Julian Beever,” Willow said. “And I’m nowhere near as good as he is. That man is an artist.”
“Who is still just drawing on sidewalks,” Nicole said giving Willow’s shoulders a squeeze. “You can do it. I know you can.” She turned to the group. “And this will trump stupid plastic flamingos big time. This,” she pointed to the rough sketch Willow held, “this will go down in Quill history and we’ll all be famous.”
* * *
Julie parked in front of the pet store and took a deep breath. She’d never applied for a job before and her stomach was tying itself in knots. Would Sylvia remember her? And if she did, would that be a good thing? She climbed out of the car and walked slowly to the door, trying to steady her nerves. Yesterday, when Mom had declared war and insisted she get a job, she’d been madder than heck. But somehow between then and now things had changed. Now she really, really wanted this job. She’d have her own money and not have to answer to anyone. If she wanted to spend a hundred, heck, two hundred dollars on a blouse, it would be her money and she could do as she pleased. The thought was so appealing she pulled open the door and walked in with confidence. She saw Sylvia standing behind the counter.
“Good afternoon,” Sylvia called over. “Can I help you with anything?”
“I, um, I’m here to apply for the job. I spoke with you on the phone earlier this afternoon.”
“Oh, Julie, right? I’m sorry, I didn’t recognize you at first.”
Julie smiled and walked over to the counter. “I wasn’t sure if you’d remember me.”
“Of course I do. I just didn’t place your name when you called for the interview.” For a moment Sylvia just stared. “Why do you need a job?” she finally asked.
“Well,” Julie hesitated, not sure how to respond. She definitely wasn’t going to blurt out because my mother is making me. “I’m a senior this year,” she started slowly, “and after talking it over with my mom, she finally agreed that I could get a job so I could have my own spending money.”
“I see.”
Julie wasn’t sure what it was that Sylvia ‘saw,’ so she hurried on. “I’m very responsible, I really like animals, and I’m a hard worker.”
“Well, I also know you’re good with dogs,” Sylvia said with a smile. “But you need to know up front this isn’t a job where you’re going to spend your time playing with the puppies or petting kittens.”
“I don’t care what I have to do,” Julie interrupted. “Except….”
Sylvia narrowed her eyes. “Already an except?”
“I really don’t like snakes,” Julie said weakly. “If the job means I’d have to handle snakes then I don’t think I could do it.”
“Do you have a problem scooping up dog poop or cleaning cat litter?”
“Oh, no ma’am, I just really hate snakes. And to be honest I’m not so sure about the lizards either. But I don’t mind the rats or the mice,” she offered hopefully.
Sylvia nodded and walked around the counter. “Well, actually most of your time would be spent stocking the shelves. I’m here by myself since I had to let my assistant go, and I just can’t keep up with it. I’d open the cartons and check the orders in, then it would be your job to carry the inventory out to the shelves and stock and stack the items.”
“I can do that,” Julie felt a flicker of anticipation. She was going to get this job.
“Wait before you say yes,” Sylvia cautioned. “Cartons of canned cat food can get pretty heavy and bags of dog food weigh up to 50 pounds. This isn’t an easy job.”
“I’d be willing to try,” she offered. “I’m pretty strong and, like I said, I’m not afraid of hard work.”
“Can you do school nights? I’m going to need someone on Tuesdays and Thursdays and all day Saturday. We’re closed on Sunday.”
Julie wanted to dance. She wouldn’t have to work on Friday night so she’d still be able to go to the football games with Marques. Well, if he asked her again that is.
“Your sign says you’re open until 9:00 each evening. But how early would you need me to come in the afternoon?”
Sylvia tapped a finger against her chin. “I think I could manage if you got here by 5:00. Now, even though we close at 9:00, you’d need to help with closing so you probably wouldn’t get to leave until 9:30. And on Saturday I’d need you from 10:00 in the morning until 6:00 that night. You’d get a half-hour lunch break on Saturday. Can you promise those hours? I don’t want to train someone and then have them quit a week later because it’s too much work.”
“I can do that!” Julie said with excitement, realizing she’d have Saturday nights free, too.
“Then I guess you’re hired.” Sylvia stuck out her hand.
Julie tried not to gush with relief. “Gosh, I was so nervous. I promise I’ll work really hard for you.”
Sylvia just smiled. “Let me show you around. After you get to know the stock, I’ll train you on the register, but for now it’s more important that you know where things are.” She walked Julie toward the rear of the store. “This is my office. When you come in you can drop your purse or whatever back here.” She showed Julie a small room with a desk and several filing cabinets. “The bottom two drawers are both empty so you can put your things in either of those. Over here,” she moved across the hall, “is where I do the dog grooming. And back here,” now she walked several feet down the hallway, “back here is the stockroom. This is where I receive inventory.”
Julie looked around at the small stockroom. The walls were lined with shelves containing a number of boxes. She could see the roll-up door where the trucks could pull up to make their deliveries. “What’s over there?” She pointed to a wooden door on the far side of the room.”
“That’s nothing,” Sylvia said quickly. “I keep my private things back there so that’s off-limits okay?”
Julie nodded. “Sure, no problem.”
As they started back to the main part of the store, Sylvia’s phone rang. She checked the readout then motioned for Julie to go ahead. “I’ve got to take this,” she said. “You go start getting familiar with where things are. If the phone behind the counter rings just answer ‘Pet Palace’ for me. And if it’s someone asking about the job, just tell them it’s been filled.” Sylvia smiled then turned and moved back to her office.
Julie wandered toward the front of the store and started going down an aisle trying to memorize what items were where. It didn’t take long to figure out Sylvia’s system. As she neared the back of the store again, she heard Sylvia’s voice through the office door, which was partially open. 
“I don’t care what you say, I need somebody here… no, not on the delivery day.What am I? Stupid? Look, it’s a dumb high school kid. She’ll never notice anything, so stop worrying.”
Julie stood in stunned silence. Dumb high school kid? Never notice anything? She heard Sylvia start to move so she quickly stepped around the corner of the closest aisle. She was halfway down the aisle and looking at items on the bottom shelf when Sylvia found her.
“Oh, there you are. Sorry about that. Now where were we? Right, if I’m with a customer, you can answer the phone at the counter and we always greet everyone who walks into the store. You’ll find we have a lot of traffic that just wants to look at the new arrivals. Especially on Saturdays, we’ll get a lot of families who want to see the puppies or kittens. I don’t mind if they want to hold them but you’ve got to watch the little kids because sometimes they squeeze too tight.”
“What about the birds?” Julie asked as they moved toward the aviary section.
“We carry a wide variety of exotic birds,” Sylvia said proudly. “But be sure to discourage anyone from sticking their fingers into the cages, especially the kids. Some of the birds will give a nasty bite. Eventually, I’ll teach you how to clean the cages, but that can wait. You just concentrate on learning where things go so you can keep up with the stocking for me.”
Julie gave a happy sigh. “When can I start?”
“I’d like to have you start today but there’s paperwork first. How about this Thursday? I’ll give you the forms to take home to fill out and you can bring them back then.”
“Perfect,” Julie said taking the papers Sylvia dug out from behind the counter. “I’ll be here at 5:00 on Thursday.” She folded the forms, and sticking them in her purse, pulled out her sunglasses.
“Hey,” Sylvia said as Julie turned to go. “Where are your fancy sunglasses?”
“What?” Julie paused.
“Those sunglasses you wore the day you came to the shelter.”
Julie thought for a moment. “Oh, those.” She shook her head. “Those weren’t mine. I returned them.”
“Borrowed them from a friend?”
“Something like that,” Julie said, then turning, she hurried from the store. “See you Thursday,” she called. Reaching her car Julie felt her heart beat double time. How in the world had Sylvia remembered those sunglasses? And if she was hired, why had Sylvia referred to her as a stupid high school kid? And why wouldn’t she keep her private things in her office? And what was she not going to notice? And what was really behind that wooden door? She stood for a moment until her breathing slowed. But I have a job, she thought, and giving herself a silent hug, she climbed into the car. She couldn’t wait to get home and gloat to her mother. I don’t need your allowance anymore, she thought. I have a job!



Chapter Sixteen

Kate pulled into AL’S parking lot and noted that Jo and Isaac’s cars were already there. She found Tony waiting at the bar, drink in hand.
“Sorry I’m late. I got tied up with another witness.” She waved a greeting to the bartender.
“They’re out on the patio,” the bartender called.
Kate nodded thanks. “Grab your drink and let’s go,” she said and headed for the patio. She found Isaac and his wife Nola sitting with Jo. “Sorry I’m late,” she said again when they reached the table. “This is Special Agent Tony Lincoln. Tony, this is Isaac and Nola Martin. Isaac is one of our best counselors. And this is Jo Cazimer, one of our probation officers.”
“And detective extraordinaire?” he said with a smile. “I understand you were the one who found Ricky’s contact book.”
Jo shrugged, “Lucky find.” She turned to Kate as they sat down. “So what happened to you? I thought I was the one who’d be late.”
“Got caught up with a witness. Seems the woman from across the street saw someone enter the Witmore’s home on the morning of .…” She trailed off as the waitress set a martini down in front of her.
Taking a sip of her drink Kate sighed, “Is there anything better than a cold drink at AL'S, good friends,” she lifted her glass to the group, “and two new leads for a case?”
Tony lifted his own drink in salute. “I guess you come here often.” At Kate’s questioning stare he continued, “You didn’t even have to order. The waitress already knew what you wanted to drink.”
“It’s one of our favorite places,” Jo said. “The sliders are great.”
“No, you want to try the fish,” Nola suggested.
“Forget that,” Isaac said. “You look like a steak man and the steaks here are kickin’.”
“Thanks,” Tony said with a chuckle. “But I must admit I’m disappointed. I thought with a name like AL’S there would actually be someone named Al running the bar.
Isaac’s laugh boomed out. “Don’t worry, man, lots of folks make that mistake.”
“It means Air, Land and Sea because that’s how everyone gets here,” Jo said.
“I just realized that,” he said turning to Jo. “I haven’t been on a sea plane in ages, but it’s always a thrill to watch them land and take off from the water.”
“You fly often?” Jo asked.
“More often than I wish. I’m stationed out of Washington but I actually spend more time on the road, or in the air as it were, on assignment.”
“And are you liking our fair city?” Isaac asked.
“I’ll be honest, the heat is killing me. How do you put up with it?”
“You get used to it,” Nola said. “After a few years, when one’s blood thins and the temperature goes below 70 you think we’re having a cold spell.”
Tony chuckled. “And up north if it hits 50 in the middle of winter we think it’s a heat wave and everyone sheds their coat for the day and some even fire up the grill.”
Nola shivered. “Give me good ole Florida heat any time.”
“Well, you’re certainly getting your wish this summer,” Kate said taking a grateful sip of her drink.
The evening progressed companionably. Jo and Tony found they both had a passion for music. Isaac joined the discussion and it turned into a debate as to how rap had evolved and hip-hop influenced the teens of the day.
Not interested in adding her opinion, Kate turned to Nola to discuss their mutual favorite subject - fashion.
“I swear, Kate,” Nola said looking at Kate’s purse, “you never cease to amaze me. Who would have thought to put a broach like that on their purse?”
“This?” Kate laughed. “It’s a security device.”
“No… how in the world does it work?”
Kate looked across at Jo. “Get your piece out so Nola can see how cool this is.”
Jo sighed, then reluctantly dug into her pocket. She pulled out the broach then pinned it on the front of her blouse with a flourish. “It’s really my style, isn’t it.” She struck a pose. “It just takes this outfit to a whole new level.”
“Press the center,” Kate urged.
Jo rolled her eyes and pressed the center jewel of the broach. Kate’s piece immediately started to vibrate and flash.
“And why would you need something like that?” Tony’s smile had vanished.
“We’re just testing out some toys for a friend of Kate’s,” Jo said before anyone else could speak. Her expression dared anyone to comment. Tony gave her a dubious look then shrugged.
Nola shook her head. “What will they think of next?”
“Kate,” Isaac asked, “how’s Aggie Witmore doing? She called me the other day but we haven’t met yet.”
“They,” she indicated Tony, “found Christian in Wyoming.”
“Well, that’s good news,” Nola said patting her heart. “But how did the little guy get all the way out west? I’m guessing this wasn’t a simple runaway.”
“Nope,” Jo signaled for a second drink. “We found a witness who saw someone actually take the child and put him in a car. She was the one who gave us the clue so the FBI could look in Wyoming.”
“Where,” Tony jumped in, “the woman who took him claims to be his natural mother. It’s documented that her child was abducted and she’s been searching for him for the past seven years.”
“Oh, my.” Nola shook her head. “That poor woman.”
“Which one?” Jo and Kate said at the same time.
“Aggie Witmore has raised that child since he was an infant,” Jo said quietly.
“And his natural mother has just found him but is going to face a court battle for custody,” Kate added.
“I guess I’m sorry I asked,” Nola said. “I’ll just be happy we know the little guy is safe and leave it at that. Okay, no more shop talk. It gives me indigestion. Jo those butterfly photos you put up on Facebook were just beautiful.”
“Thanks,” Jo smiled. “I haven’t had a chance to get out with my camera the past few weeks. I’m going to have to remedy that soon.”
“You shoot?” Tony asked. “What kind of camera do you use?”
Warming to a topic she loved, Jo grinned. “I shoot with a Canon EOS Rebel T 2i.”
“She gets unbelievable pictures,” Nola added. “You should check out her Facebook page. The set of squirrel antics make me laugh each time I look at them.”
“Do you shoot?” Jo asked. “I mean with a camera, not your gun.”
Tony nodded. “Since I travel so much it’s the one hobby I can take with me. When and if I get a few hours of down time I try to get out and take some pictures.”
“What kind of camera do you use?”
Tony cleared his throat. “I have a Hasselblad.”
“What?” Jo choked on her drink. “You own a Hasselblad? Those things have what, about a million megapixels!”
“No just 60.”
“Just 60 he says,” Jo looked around the table. “My camera, which I admit freely takes tremendous pictures, only has 18 megapixels and his has 60! Be still my heart. Did you bring it with you this time? Would you let me see it? Damn, those things cost a fortune. Are you rich or something?”
“Jo!” Kate looked embarrassed.
“What?” Jo looked over at Kate. “The man owns a camera that cost more than I make in a year! I can ask if he’s rich. I mean, damn, I’ve never even known anyone who has a Hasselblad.”
“Actually, if it will make you feel better, I inherited it from an Uncle who used to take pictures for National Geographic Magazine.”
“The only thing that would make me feel better would be to take some pictures with it,” Jo said.
“Well, I’m here for a few more days, so maybe we can arrange something.”
“You name the time and place. I don’t care if I have to take a vacation day but I want to see that camera.”
“Hi, you guys!” Jo looked up to find Rhonda from the probation office.
“Hey yourself! When did you get back? Rhonda’s been on vacation,” Jo explained to the group.
“We got in late this afternoon and I just couldn’t deal with cooking. I’ll be in tomorrow morning and that’s soon enough to face reality again. But Jo, the reason I stopped by was to ask a favor.”
“As long as it’s not to cover for you again tomorrow, ask away.”
Rhonda laughed. “No, would you mind taking a picture of my other half and me? I’ve been doing a photo log of this vacation and I’d like something that shows we’re home that doesn’t involve suitcases and piles of dirty laundry.”
Jo chuckled and stood. “Sure, where’s your table?” she asked taking the camera Rhonda handed her.
“Right over there,” Rhonda pointed toward the corner where her husband waved. “You’re the best,” she said then turned to the table. “Sorry to interrupt but you can have her back in a minute.”
Jo took the pictures and returned to the table. “Mission accomplished,” she said, “and not a moment too soon.” Their food came and conversation rounded from photography to sports to Kate and Nola sharing recipes. But when the meal ended with after dinner drinks and the conversation turned to where they might go for dancing, Jo excused herself from the table.
After a quick trip to the ladies room, Jo flagged down Cindy at the bar and wrote a note on a napkin. “Would you wait a few minutes then pass this on to Kate?”
Cindy took the napkin. “Sure, everything alright? How was dinner?”
“Great, as usual. Look I want to slip away before they realize I’m gone okay?”
“No problem. I’ll see that Kate gets it.”
Jo made her way from the restaurant swaying only a little as she walked. If they want to go dancing, she thought, more power to them, but she wanted to go home. She didn’t usually have three drinks with dinner but tonight had been a sort of celebration, she justified. Christian might be in Wyoming, but he was safe. Now all she wanted was to go home and climb in bed.
“Show me the way to go home,” she began to sing softly. “I’m tired and I want to go to bed. I had a little drink about an hour ago and it went right to my head.” She started to chuckle at the sound of her own voice. Taking a breath, she stopped as she looked for her car. And where was the damned car? “Oh car, where are you?” she called playfully. She straightened and looked around again. Where had she parked? Oh, my gosh, she thought. Am I so drunk I can’t even find my car? Maybe I shouldn’t …. 
The thought was never completed as her head exploded with pain and everything went black.
* * *
Jo woke to total darkness. Excruciating pain swamped every inch of her body and her stomach revolted. She tasted bile in her throat and struggled to swallow it back. Breathe, she panicked, I can’t breathe. She struggled to take shallow breaths but a weight was pressing down on her. Realizing her arms were tied behind her back, she tried to make sense of what was happening but the fireworks going off in her head made thinking impossible. She registered motion; she was in something that was moving. Unable to brace herself, each bump scraped her face against a rough metal floor. She tried to raise her head, but the effort made her stomach flip and she was certain she was about to puke. Concentrating on taking shallow breaths, she began to worry that her air supply was going to run out.
When the movement finally stopped, Jo wasn’t sure if she was relieved or terrified. A heavy tarp was yanked unceremoniously off of her then something clamped around her ankles and she was dragged the length of the truck bed.
Rough hands pulled her off the back and propped her against the truck’s tailgate. The jerking motion was her undoing and Jo vomited all over the man in front of her.
“Christ, lady,” he swore jumping back.
“Sick,” she gasped, swaying.
“Yeah, well not for long.” He grabbed her arm and pulled her stumbling body down a paved pathway. “Here,” he said, leaning her against a low railing. “This is far enough.”
Jo fought against the pain in her head and struggled to focus. “What… where am I…?” She stared at the man standing in front of her and recognition slowly seeped in. “Oh, my god, it’s you,” her voice slurred.
“Yeah, it’s me,” he sneered, “and if you think I’m going back to prison then you’re out of your mind.”
“Wait,” she swayed. “Your voice…I know your voice.…”
“Yeah, I knew eventually you’d put two and two together.”
“You work in one of the testing labs,” her mind started to process. “I send my probationers to you for drug testing.…”
“Hah, that was a laugh, and my days of collecting piss in a cup are over. I’m finally going to make me some decent money. But I told the Birdman you’d figure it out.” Brett spit. “He thinks he’s so goddamned smart. Well I’m not waiting for him to decide what to do about you.”
“You were convicted of bird smuggling,” she said weakly as her head started to spin again.
“I was set up.”
She watched in horror as he pulled a gun from the back of his belt. Her knees gave way and for a moment Jo found herself half sitting on a low railing. “I don’t understand….”
“Nothing to understand,” he said. “Rodriguez had a good thing going and I’m stepping into his shoes. You’re the only one who can pin me to Rodriguez’s death so I’m taking you out of the picture.”
“But.…”
“But nothing. The Birdman says wait, but it’s not his ass that could end up back in jail. I’m sick of him telling me what to do. I’m taking charge now.” He raised the gun.
Desperate for a way to escape, Jo turned her head slightly. She was on some sort of bridge. She glanced down but the dizzying height was her undoing. Her vision wavered and losing her balance she tipped backward as the world exploded into a brilliant flash of consuming pain.
“Goddamn it,” Brett Wilson swore, stepping closer to the railing. He knew he hit her but since she’d fallen over the rail, he couldn’t be sure where. He looked down to the creek bed below trying to decide if it was worth the climb down the bank to check it out. The sound of another car made his mind up for him and, racing back to his truck, he took off. It didn’t matter, he told himself.No one was going to find her down there and if she wasn’t dead already, she would bleed out by morning. Smiling, he eased his way onto the main road.

* * *
Kate looked uneasily around the room. Where had she gone?
“She’s not in the ladies room,” Nola said returning to the table. “Did she go back over to visit with Rhonda?”
“That couple left about a half hour ago,” Tony said quietly.
“Hey Kate,” Cindy, the bartender, walked up to the table. “I meant to get this to you sooner.” She handed Kate a napkin. “Jo left about ten minutes ago. Said something about you guys wanting to go dancing? Where are you headed? I hear the Blue Marlin has a new band in this week and they’re supposed to be pretty hot.”
Kate read the napkin and relaxed. “She’s just gone home,” she announced to the group. “Didn’t want to do the dancing scene.”
“What’s making your purse do that?” Cindy asked, pointing to Kate’s purse where it shivered on the floor. “What’s making it flash?”
Kate jerked her purse up and onto the table. She clicked the stone on the broach and the flashing stopped.
“Hey that’s way cool,” Cindy said before walking away.
Nola looked at Kate. “Is she joking with us?”
“I don’t know,” Kate said pulling out her phone. But after keying in some numbers, her face visibly paled. “Isaac, call Mitch and ask for backup. The son of a bitch must have her.” She jerked to her feet. “Tell him to meet me at the Cady Wood Bridge.” Kate rushed from the room and her fears were confirmed when she saw Jo’s car still in the lot.
“Wait,” Tony grabbed her arm. “What the hell is going on?”
“Get in,” Kate snapped as they reached her car. “I’ll fill you in on the way.” 
With her emergency light flashing on the roof, Kate drove as swiftly as she dared to the Cady Wood Park. Patrol cars were already there when she arrived.
“Where is she?” Mitch called as Kate ran up.
“She should be somewhere around here according to the readout. She’s not on the bridge?”
“No, we just did a quick check.”
Tony stepped over with two flashlights he’d taken from Kate’s trunk. “Did you look under the bridge?” he asked.
“Next step,” Mitch said looking from Kate to Tony.
“He’s FBI,” she said taking one of the flashlights.
“Found her,” someone shouted. “We need an ambulance and fast.”
Kate and Mitch took off at a run. When the EMT’s finally brought Jo up on the stretcher the news wasn’t good.
“She has a broken arm and a bad gash on the head,” one said. “She’s been shot and I’m betting internal injuries as well. We have to get her to the hospital stat.” 
Kate stood silent as they loaded Jo into the ambulance and took off with sirens screaming. “I want this scene processed with a fine tooth comb,” she said flatly. “We’re going to get this son of a bitch if it’s the last thing I do.”
“I’ll start here,” Mitch said giving her arm a squeeze. “You get to the hospital.”
* * *
Tony sat beside Kate in the hospital’s surgery waiting room and observed the odd family group. Kate sat ramrod straight fingering the broach she’d taken off of her purse strap. Isaac prayed and Nola kept them all in coffee. The minutes crawled by and turned to hours before the doors to the surgery wing swung open and a doctor still in green scrubs walked through.
“Family for Jo Cazimer?” he asked looking around.
“I am,” came a chorus of responses as everyone in the room stood.
The doctor took a moment to look around then addressed Kate as she stepped forward. “She’s out of surgery and holding her own. The gunshot wound caused tissue damage and blood loss but the bullet went straight through. Her arm is broken and she has cracked ribs, which I assume is from the fall. Her face is pretty scraped up but it looks worse than it is. What I’m most worried about is the head wound. She took a wicked blow to the head and I’m concerned about swelling. The next 24 hours are going to be critical and will determine, whether she’ll need more surgery.”
“And if she needs more surgery?” Kate asked, “What would that entail?”
The doctor looked grim. “We would remove part of the skull to relieve the swelling. If there’s too much pressure on the brain, she’s in danger of a stroke or even brain damage.”
“But….”
“But you shouldn’t worry about that right now,” the doctor said. “Right now she’s holding her own and that’s what we need to be thankful for.”
“When can we see her?” Kate asked.
Again the doctor surveyed the group. “She’s in recovery now and if she stays stable, in a few hours we’ll send her to intensive care. There’s no way she’s going to wake up tonight, so I suggest you leave your contact information with the desk nurse and go home and get some sleep. There’s nothing you can do here.” And with those parting words he turned and went back through the swinging doors.
Kate flopped back down in her chair. “I really think I need to stay,” she said quietly.
Isaac sat beside her and took her hand. “Kate,” he said, “listen to the doctor. There is nothing you can do. It’d be different if they thought she’d wake up but she won’t tonight. We all need to go home so we can be here for her tomorrow when she does wake up.”
“Come on, Kate,” Nola sat on her other side. “Isaac’s right and Jo would be the first to tell you to leave.”
“I don’t know, I .…” She never finished her thought as Mitch rushed in.
“How is she?” he asked breathlessly.
“She’s out of surgery and holding her own according to the doctor. He just came out and told us,” Isaac said.
“That’s great news,” Mitch beamed, “and I’ve got more. We caught the son of a bitch.”
“What?” Kate shot straight up from her chair. “Where? How?”
“We caught a break,” Mitch said. “We found a runner who saw a pickup truck pulling out of the park. Gave us a good description. Put out an all-points bulletin and one of the street patrols spotted him. When they pulled him over he acted all innocent until they looked in the back of his truck.” Mitch’s face turned fierce. “One of her shoes was still there, caught in the tarp, and I’m betting that the blood all over the truck bed is going to turn out to be hers as well.”
“That’s great, Mitch,” Kate suddenly felt very weary. “Where is he now?”
“Arrested for attempted murder. He’s already lawyered up, but there’s no way a judge would grant this jerk bail. We’ve got him.”
* * *
Jo woke slowly swimming through a hazy mist. Her eyes fluttered but the light was too bright.
“Hey, you, don’t go back to sleep. It’s time to wake up,” Kate coaxed.
“Yes, Mom,” her voice was thready and weak. Forcing her eyes open she blinked in confusion. “Where.…” but as she tried to shift the weight from her arm, pain radiated through her shoulder and she gasped, “what the ….”
“Try not to move,” Kate cautioned as she pushed the button for the nurse. “You’re in the hospital but you’re going to be okay.”
“Can I help you?” the static voice asked.
“She’s awake,” Kate said, “and I think she needs some pain medication.”
“Be right there,” the nurse clicked off.
Kate looked back at Jo, but she had already drifted off again.
* * *
When Kate walked back into Jo’s room she couldn’t believe the difference 48 hours could make. The room was filled with flowers and Jo sat in a chair beside the bed. Her arm was in a sling and the bruising on her face had faded into a sickly greenish yellow. “You know you could go out for Halloween and not even need a mask,” Kate said cheerfully. “How are you feeling?”
“Like if I don’t get out of here soon I’m going to do bodily harm to the next nurse that comes in here and tries to stick a bed pan under my butt.”
“Well, I’ve got good news then. I just saw the doctor at the nurse’s station and it seems they’re as anxious to get rid of you as you are to leave. He’s checking you out this afternoon.”
“Thank the lord, and the insurance company,” Jo took a breath and winced. “I’m good, I’m good,” she hurried on at Kate’s worried expression. “It’s just the ribs. They don’t hurt so I forget and take a deep breath then they remind me.” She shifted in the chair. “So bring me up to speed. How did you find me?”
Kate tapped the broach on her purse. “Andy’s little homing device, remember? Luckily you pinned it on your shirt that night at the restaurant.”
“And it worked?”
“Yep, when you fell, you must have landed just the right way for it to go off.”
Jo rubbed her side with her free hand. “Yeah, I guess I really nailed that landing. My ribs are thrilled. But seriously, what else is going on? Tell me about the guy you arrested.”
“It was Brett Wilson,” Kate said pulling over another chair. “But I still don’t understand why you didn’t recognize him when you first saw him in the park with Rodriguez.”
“I didn’t recognize him because I’d never met him face to face,” Jo said. “I only talked with him on the phone when I had to call for drug testing for one of my clients. I knew the person I used to speak to was a guy named Brett, but that was over a year ago. Then he was gone and now when I call I get a girl named Susie.” 
“He was gone because he was arrested and convicted of bird smuggling. He just got out of jail a few weeks ago.”
Jo shook her head, pleased that sparks no longer flashed behind her eyes when she did so. “When we were on the bridge, right before he shot me,” she said slowly trying to remember, “he said he’d been set up.”
“Yeah, all the convicts say that.” Kate wasn’t moved.
“And he said something about the Birdman.” Jo struggled to bring the conversation back.
“I think you’re getting him mixed up with homeless Ruby,” Kate said standing. “The doctor said it wouldn’t be a surprise if you couldn’t remember exactly what happened or if you got things confused. You took quite a rap on the head.”
“Hmmm,” Jo closed her eyes in frustration. “It’s really pissing me off that parts of that night are still missing.”
“Well, the guy hit you hard enough that the doctor was worried that your brain was going to swell.”
Jo opened her eyes. “Well, at least now there’s proof I have one.”
“Now I know that you’re back,” Kate said with a grin. “So, who sent these?” She stepped over to a large arrangement of white gladiolas that completely filled the window ledge. They weren’t here yesterday.”
Heaving a sigh, Jo eased herself out of the chair. “They came this morning and you’ll never guess who brought them.”
Kate looked for a card but found none. “I give up. Who? I mean it’s obvious from the size this must have cost someone a bundle, but Jo,” she said with a smirk, “this looks like a funeral arrangement.”
“Thank you!” Jo said moving over to stand by Kate in front of the massive arrangement. “That’s just what I thought when he brought them in.”
“When who brought them in?”
“They’re from Worm,” Jo said and grimaced.
“Oh, ick,” Kate looked at Jo with sympathy. “Does he think bigger is better? I mean the individual flowers are beautiful, but all this arrangement needs is a ribbon going across the front that says ‘Rest in Peace’.”
Jo started to chuckle and then grabbed her side with her free arm. “Don’t make me laugh,” she pleaded. “I swear I don’t know what to do. I’ve tried being polite. I’ve tried being rude. I mean we have to work with the man, but come on. When he walked in I wasn’t sure if he was celebrating the fact I was alive, or hoping to find me dead.”
“Well, stay alive until I can get back this afternoon and spring you.” Kate moved to the door. “You care about which clothes I bring back?”
Jo looked down at her hospital gown then back at Kate. “Anything would be an improvement. I don’t have great movement with the arm yet,” she raised the arm with the cast only slightly. “So pick something easy to get into.”
“Consider it done,” Kate said. “And try to stay out of trouble ‘til I get back.”
“Jeez,” Jo muttered. She flopped down on the chair then swore soundly from the pain that radiated up her arm and around her ribs. “Stay out of trouble,” she mimicked. “It’s not like I asked to get shot.”
* * *
Julie walked down the hallway toward her chemistry class when Zeke waved to her from the doorway of the art room. “Finch,” he called over the crowd of moving students. “In here quick.” Since he ducked back into the classroom, Julie sighed and turned to go back. Somehow she was going to have to let the Quills know she just wasn’t interested. But she still hadn’t worked out how.
In the art room she found Zeke and Willow standing in front of one of the large workbenches. On the top of the bench was the beginning of a 3D drawing depicting a deep crack in the earth. Julie stepped closer in amazement. “That’s unbelievable,” she said in awe. She started to reach out and touch the work, but Willow slapped her hand back.
“Don’t touch,” she said sharply. “I’m using chalk for this and since it’s not complete it hasn’t been sprayed yet. You touch it and you’ll smear it.”
“This is just unbelievable. It looks so real you think you can stick your hand right in the hole. My gosh, Willow, this is going to be an A for sure.”
Zeke snorted. “This isn’t for a grade,” he chuckled. “This is for the Quills.”
“What?” Julie looked from one to the other in confusion.
Zeke started to answer but Willow cut him off. “We set this down in the hallway and take pictures of the student reactions,” she said quickly giving Zeke a hard look.
“Wow, if you got a picture of my face it would be pure shock. I mean, I see it and I know you drew it, but I still want to stick my hand in and see how deep the hole is,” she laughed.
“You try that and you’ll smack your hand on the table top,” Willow said smugly. “I’m copying the anamorphic style of Julian Beever. The picture creates the illusion that something is there. But it only works from one direction. You go around to the other side and it just looks like a bunch of chalk marks”
“Have you ever considered selling these?” Julie said turning back to look at her. “You could advertise these on EBay and probably make a fortune.”
“If I needed the money I might,” she said absently letting Julie know clearly that money was something she didn’t need.
“Well, I think you’re amazing. Good luck with the project.”
When Julie was gone, Zeke looked at Willow. “What was that all about? We’re putting this down in the hallway? Taking pictures of student faces? What were you talking about?”
Willow stared at the empty doorway for a long moment before turning back to Zeke. “Nicole might think she has Finch under her thumb, but I’m not so sure. Until I’m convinced she’s a solid member of the Quills, I think we should just keep this little project to ourselves.”
“Nicole isn’t going to like that,” Zeke said shaking his head.
“Nicole isn’t the one creating this masterpiece.”
“And masterpiece it is.” He rubbed his hands together and grinned. “It’s going to be the best prank the Quills have ever pulled.”
Now Willow grinned in return. “One they’ll be talking about for a long, long time. Have you picked out the street yet?”
He nodded. “Got just the one. Not so much traffic that someone would see us when we unroll it, but enough to cause a commotion. It’s going to be great.”
“Then I’d better get back to work,” Willow said with a smile. “So get out of my way.” And with that she gave him a none-too-gentle shove toward the door.



Chapter Seventeen

Jo walked through the front door and was greeted with wiggling bodies eager for her attention. Bella, no longer patient for her turn, bumped Blitz out of her way as Jo knelt to stroke heads and accept loving kisses.
“Easy, you guys,” Kate cautioned, helping Jo to her feet.
“It’s okay,” Jo sighed. “I’m just so glad to be home.” She shifted her cast to a more comfortable position in the sling. “Did I mention how much I hate hospitals?” She eased down in the recliner and sighed again.
“Ah, only about a hundred times.” Kate carried Jo’s bag and set it down inside the bedroom door. “And I believe the hospital was as glad to get rid of you as you were to leave.”
“Then everybody should be happy.” Jo closed her eyes. “I think the best part of all of this is I get a two week vacation.”
Kate rolled her eyes. “No, the best part is that you lived after that maniac shot you and we now have his ass in jail. Hey, maybe we should also charge him with trying to destroy government property! You do work for the government as it were.”
Jo chuckled, “Yeah, I wonder how much the government would think I was worth. Still, life is going to seem pretty dull around here. No more crazy notes on the door, cut brake lines, or snakes in the living room.”
“Jo,” Kate said, “when was your life ever dull?” But when she looked back, Jo was already asleep in the chair.
The next morning Jo set down her book and watched Kate. “Would you stop pacing, you’re making me tired. What’s wrong?”
“I’m missing something.” Frustrated, Kate flopped down in the rocker only to get up again. “I know it’s got to be there but I’m just not seeing it.”
“Okay, what’s got to be here and what are you missing?”
Kate rounded, “If I knew what I was missing it wouldn’t be missing, would it? I need coffee. You need coffee?” She headed for the kitchen.
Jo looked at Bella, who whined. “I know,” she said stroking the dog’s head. “She’s just in a mood. Let’s go see if we can figure out why.” Jo eased herself out of the recliner and headed for the kitchen.
Kate turned from the counter and frowned. “I would have brought you the coffee. You didn’t need to get up.”
“Not a problem.” Jo sat at the kitchen table. “So why don’t you tell me what’s got you so twisted?”
Kate poured their coffee and joined Jo at the table. “I’ve got three suspects and I can’t really get a handle on anyone.”
“So do what you do best,” Jo said. “Change the parameters. Toss the pieces up in the air and look at them from a different angle. I assume we’re talking about Danny Witmore’s murder. Is Aggie still on your list?”
“You mean Agatha?” Kate asked. “Yeah, she is, and so is Karl. They both have a reason for wanting Danny dead. Karl admitted he spoke with Danny that morning and he knew Danny was into bodybuilding. It would have been easy for him to switch the sports drink bottles.”
“Then conveniently leave for a business trip.”
“Exactly!” Kate saluted with her coffee mug. “But he admitted this freely. Why would you admit you’d been there if you knew you’d just committed a crime? Wouldn’t the average person be ‘No not me, I was never there’?”
“Maybe he wasn’t sure if anyone saw him.”
“Yeah, there’s that possibility. But I don’t think he’d do something like that and leave Aggie for two weeks to deal with the fallout.”
“You mean Agatha,” Jo teased. “Okay so we keep Karl on the list but move him down. Who’s next?”
“Then there’s Principal Phelps,” Kate set her cup down. “I really don’t like that man. But putting that to the side, when I’m interviewing him my radar goes off. Something’s not right. I can tell he’s not telling the truth, but I can’t pinpoint what he’s lying about.”
“Well, if your gut is telling you something’s up with him, I’d move him to the top of the list. Your gut is never wrong. Did he lie about being at the Witmore’s?”
“No, because I never asked him that. I had him in interview because of Diana Harkins. Someone switched her eye drops at that birthday party. Now Phelps had a reason to be angry with her, but killing her seems a little over the top to me. And according to his wife, he steered clear of Diana all night.”
“So you never asked him why he was at the Witmore’s that morning?”
Kate shook her head. “No. I didn’t even know he’d been there until the night you got shot. A neighbor flagged me down right after you left Aggie’s and told me she’d seen him.”
“So maybe he’s the missing piece,” Jo said. “Anyway, I think you should rethink Aggie.” 
“How so?”
“Well, you’re the profiler not me, but in this case I know Aggie better than you do. She’s a meek, dependent personality type. I wanted to get her into an empowerment class, not the Batterer Intervention Program. I know she hit him with a wine bottle once, but after talking with her I really think that was reflex. I don’t think she has the guts to take Danny out. She was too dependent on him to tell her what to do. Heck, I’d eat my left shoe if it turned out to be her,” she said, sifting through Kate’s notes that were in tidy piles all over the table. “And even though you found those Internet searches from Christian, I see you’ve taken him off the list.”
“That just put another check against Aggie’s name for me,” Kate said. “Poison is usually done by a woman.”
“Well, what if Christian heard how his dad was poisoned and decided to look up the information about antifreeze? Kids get curious about the strangest things.”
“Hmmm, you might have a point there.…”
“So what’s happening with Ricky?”
“Tony is having him moved to a safer location. The sex trafficking scandal is all over the news.”
“Did you find any more names?”
“Yeah, that’s the sad part. Using the book you found we were able to match another eight girls that were either missing or listed as runaways with the initials in the book. Ricky is claiming through his lawyer that the book isn’t his and he didn’t know it was in the car and he only met Sherry that night when he picked her up on a street corner.”
“And you’re not buying that?”
“Hell no! I’ve got a source that will testify Sherry showed her Ricky’s picture over a week before the incident. She’ll say that Sherry told her they’d been dating for a little while before that.”
“Did she ever see him?”
“No, that’s the sticky part. Sherry just showed her a picture she took on her cell phone.”
“So what’s your next step with him?”
Kate shrugged. “I don’t have a next step for Ricky. The FBI has officially taken over the case. They’ve been working on cracking this particular ring for over a year. Then bang, you find the key to their puzzle.”
“Don’t give me all the credit. You’re the one who wanted to go back and inspect the cars from the crash. And hey, what about Tony? Is he still around? I really want to get my hands on that camera.”
“Afraid that’s not going to happen,” Kate said with a sigh. “He’s gone back to Washington for the time being. He left last night.”
“Damn it,” Jo banged her cup on the table. “Do you realize that was probably the closest I’ll ever come to getting to even touch a Hasselblad?” She picked up another stack of Kate’s notes and started flipping through them.
“Don’t mess up my stacks,” Kate snapped. “I have them sorted by case.”
“Of course you do,” Jo looked up. “Do you realize that you have Karl in the wrong pile?”
“What?” Kate snatched the papers. “What are you talking about? He’s right here in the Danny Witmore pile.”
“But his name is on the birthday list for Diana Harkins,” Jo said.
“What?” Kate quickly scanned the pages then sat back down on her chair. “I don’t believe this.”
“You didn’t notice this before?”
“I only gave the birthday list a quick glance,” she said studying the list more closely. “I never even noticed that Karl’s name was on this.” She looked up, “Coincidence?”
“Don’t believe in them,” Jo said with a smile.
“Me either,” Kate scooped up her files. “You going to be okay if I head to the office for a few hours?”
Jo rolled her eyes, “Ah duh, it’s no problem. I don’t need a babysitter and besides, with the wacko guy in jail, you could even think about moving home. Like soon.…”
But Kate was already out of the kitchen. “I’m taking your car,” she called. “Since you’re not going out, and I have to go in on a Saturday I’m at least driving with the top down.”
Jo looked at the dogs, which were now standing at attention in front of her. “We’ll just let her leave,” she said giving Blitz a pat, “then I’ll get my camera and we’ll go for a ride ourselves.”
***
With her arm in the sling and her shoulder aching like a sore tooth, getting the dogs into their safety harnessess and into Kate’s car had not been an easy task. Jo sat behind the wheel and tried to catch her breath. Sweat ran down her face and her breathing was coming too fast. I’m exhausted, she thought, and we’re not even out of the driveway. Determined not to give in, she turned over the motor and just let the air conditioner blow full on her face. Bella whined and Blitz gave a soft, low growl since both dogs were eager to be off.
“I know,” she said slowly, “I want to get out of here, too.” She sat for another minute trying to decide if she should just go back into the house and wait for another day. But heck, she thought, we’re already in the car.
With no destination in mind, she started off. “I know,” she said to her companions, “we’ll go to the dog park and you can play chase with all your friends.” The dogs barked their agreement.
When they reached the park and she unhooked the dogs, they took off at a run. She found a picnic table and sat down surprised to realize how exhausted she was. Looking around, she saw the park was completely empty of dogs and owners except for her two. The sun beat down relentlessly and within minutes despite the fact she wasn’t even moving, she was dripping in sweat. It was too hot to just sit, but since there weren’t any tables in the shade she didn’t have much choice. No wonder no one is here except me, she thought.
Trying to take her mind off her discomfort, Jo struggled to hold her camera steady with one hand and still snap some pictures of the dogs as they played. But the effort was too much and each time she tried to focus and snap a picture her hand moved or the camera slipped. Okay, she thought, this wasn’t one of my better ideas and, whistling for the dogs, she stood. It startled her to realize she wasn’t steady as she leaned against the table. Her energy was completely gone. Suddenly the distance to the car seemed to have doubled. Just one foot in front of the other, she thought and with the dogs at her side, she slowly made her way back to the car.
When they finally reached home, Jo climbed out of the car and after releasing the dogs, made her way up the porch steps. She got inside the house and, though her plan had been to take the dogs out back and hose them off, she never made it past the recliner. I just need a moment she thought, just a few minutes to rest my eyes.
She dreamed of birds flying overhead. Birds being controlled by an ominous form that stood on a mountain and directed their movement. Was that the Birdman, she wondered? She watched in fascination while the formations turned different colors as they dipped and soared across the sky. But then the Birdman turned in her direction and the sky grew dark. The delicate beauties she’d just watched glide on the air, turned black and began to move in her direction. A harsh laugh rang out and she heard homeless Ruby whisper, “Don’t like the Birdman, he’s always watching when he thinks no one is looking.” Was he watching her? The dark birds were getting closer now and suddenly she was afraid. The colorful plumage turned black and beaks cawed a warning. Claws sharp as razors opened and reached, coming closer with each breath. And all the while the Birdman stood on top of the mountain and directed the flocks as a conductor might conduct a symphony.
The scent of pizza and her rumbling stomach pulled Jo awake. Disoriented, she tried to rub the sleep and confusion from her eyes. The room was filled with dusty shadows and the lamp by the piano had been turned on low. Uh oh, she thought, Kate was home. She went to stand and momentarily forgetting about the cast tried to raise her hand. Pain shot up her arm and exploded in her shoulder. Damn, where were those pills? Groggily she made her way into the kitchen.
“Well, Sleeping Beauty awakes,” Kate said, standing beside the oven.
“Pain pills,” Jo searched the counter for the bottle. “Where are my damn pills?”
Kate calmly walked over and picked up the bottle from the table. “Slept through a dose did you?”
“Gimme,” Jo greedily shook out two and contemplated three, then gratefully took the glass of water Kate held out to her. “Forgot about the arm,” she said sinking onto a chair. “Oh, damn this hurts.”
“I’d say it serves you right for trying to go out the day after you’re out of the hospital, but you didn’t deserve to get shot so I guess it’s not completely your fault.”
Jo sat with her head propped on her hand and tried to focus on something other than the arrows of pain that were streaking down her arm.
“Here,” Kate put a slice of veggie pizza in front of her. “Eat something. I know you skipped lunch and you really shouldn’t take those on an empty stomach.”
Jo gingerly picked up the slice and juggled it trying to scoop up the dripping cheese with her first bite. “Oh,” she sighed, “this is so good.”
Kate sat with her own slice. “Whatever possessed you to take the kids to the park today?” When Jo just stared in confusion Kate continued. “Eau de sweaty dog and lots of sand,” she said easily.
Jo sniffed, but only smelled pizza.
“I already gave everyone a bath out back,” Kate answered taking another bite. “And I already cleaned my car so stop worrying about that.”
“Cabin fever,” Jo said with her mouth full. “Had to get out.”
“I might understand that if you’d been home for a few days, but you just got out of the hospital yesterday, Jo, and you were shot. Where is your common sense?”
“Left it at the hospital.”
Kate just shook her head. “The pills kicking in yet?”
Jo sighed, “Yeah, I hate taking those things ‘cause they make me tired. I think that’s probably why I fell asleep.”
“You fell asleep because you did too much. You’ve been asleep for the better part of four hours. You never moved when I came in and you didn’t even flinch when Midnight jumped off your lap.”
“Well, I’m awake now, Jo said realizing that except for her arm being in a sling, she was beginning to feel human again. “Did you make any progress?”
“I’ve got things in motion. Principal Phelps will be coming back in to interview with his lawyer first thing on Monday. And I called Karl Patterson. He took Aggie to his beach house in New Smyrna. She’s staying there so the press can’t find her.”
“Is he staying with her?”
Kate shook her head, “He got her settled but he’s back here. He stopped by the station this afternoon. Turns out he didn’t know Phyllis very well but he came because he’s a friend of her fiancé, Jack.”
“Who the heck is Phyllis? I thought you were working on Diana Harkins.”
“Phyllis is the kindergarten teacher and it was her birthday party. Diana was the person who ran the party but Phyllis admitted that Jack had also invited some of his friends to attend. And whereas I can see Karl wanting to get rid of Danny, I can’t see him killing a woman he doesn’t even know.”
Jo contemplated taking a third piece then pushed her plate away. “So you’ve ruled him out of the Diana mix but you’re keeping him on the Danny list?”
“That’s about it. I still don’t have any hard evidence connecting anyone. Just lots and lots of circumstances that don’t make me comfortable.”
“Well, you’ll figure it out. Maybe you can’t put the puzzle together because you don’t have all the pieces yet.”
“If that’s the case, I’ve got to do some serious searching. I don’t like having two cases hang open this long.”
Jo leaned back in her chair. “Can I change the subject for a minute? I had the weirdest dream before. I keep thinking about what Brett Wilson said before he shot me. He referred to someone as the Birdman just like Ruby did.”
“Are you sure you’re not thinking about Ruby and getting things mixed up in your head?”
“I know, I know, concussion and all that, but bits and pieces are coming back. I’m sure Brett said he was stepping into Rodriguez’s shoes but he wasn’t going to take orders from the Birdman anymore. Do you think you could find out if he was into something other than just killing Rodriguez?”
“You mean like bird smuggling?”
“It’s just a thought. I mean wasn’t that what he was sent to jail for in the first place?”
Kate nodded. “If I remember correctly his claim was that he’d been set up. But he never would give names. Seemed to think it was our job to prove he was innocent.”
“And?”
“And all the evidence led to him. They found smuggled birds in his house and packages addressed to him contained more birds.”
“They mailed live birds in packages?” Jo said horrified.
“Yeah, it was pretty disgusting. Little things packaged in kid’s socks. Most were dead by the time we finally opened the boxes.”
“That’s just wrong,” Jo stood up and took her plate to the sink. “If he had anything to do with that why is he out?”
“First offense. His lawyer pleaded it down to criminal mischief so he only got 12 months in jail and not prison.”
“He kills innocent birds and only does 12 months? That’s not right.”
“Right or not, that’s what the law says.” Kate stood and took her plate to the sink and then began to wrap the leftover pizza. “So you really think he’s back in business?”
“I don’t know,” Jo said rubbing her arm. “If I’d just gotten out of jail you’d best believe I’d be steering clear of the people who set me up, if that was what really happened. But the first thing he does is kill Rodriguez. This doesn’t make sense.”
“It does if he really was set up and Rodriguez was the one who framed him.”
“So he gets out and kills Rodriguez then wants to step into his shoes?”
“Could be. There’s a lot of money in bird smuggling.”
“I don’t know, maybe it’s just all mixed up in my head like you said.”
“Give yourself a break, Jo, let it rest for a few days. I’ll do some digging and if anything turns up, I’ll let you know.”
“Thanks, I’m just starting to wonder what’s real and what’s in my imagination that’s causing the weird dreams.”
“What’s causing the weird dreams is probably your pain medication.”
Jo stood and swayed slightly. “I can’t believe this but I’m tired again. I’m going to go to bed.”
“Can you lie down yet?” Kate asked with concern.
“No, damn it. Until my shoulder is better, I think I’m stuck with the recliner.” She started out of the kitchen. “It’s got to be the pills,” she said wearily.
Kate watched Jo’s unsteady gate. “No, it’s probably from being shot,” she said quietly. By the time she had straightened the kitchen and went to into the living room, Jo was already sound asleep in the chair.
Pain pulled Jo out of sleep again. Disgusted, she started to get up then saw two pills sitting in a dish on the end table beside her. Kate had even left a full glass of water. Jo snatched up the pills and drank half the glass. Knowing it would be a while before the meds kicked in she looked around. The clock said just after two. The house was quiet and Blitz snored softly beside her chair. Bella had sat up when Jo reached for the pills and now looked puzzled. “It’s okay,” Jo stroked the dog’s head and scratched behind her ears. “I’ll be back to normal soon. Meanwhile, let’s see if any of the pictures from today are worth keeping.”
She eased out of the chair and quietly made her way to the kitchen. Bella followed and plopped down under the table with a doggie sigh. Jo flipped open her laptop then plugged in the memory stick from her camera. As she’d feared, most of her pictures were either out of focus, or completely off center. “Look, I have a great one of my feet,” she said to Bella. “And here’s a good one of the parking lot,” but the dog pretended complete indifference. Jo looked more closely at the picture. She hadn’t remembered there being any people in the park when she was there. Yet a black van was parked at the far end of the parking lot, and a van usually indicated a family with kids or someone with dogs.
Deciding none of her pictures were worth transferring, Jo decided to check out Rhonda’s page and see the shots of their vacation. She chuckled at the one of Rhonda’s husband holding a baby alligator. The expression on his face was clearly, “How did I get talked into this?’ Clicking through scenery and group shots of folks she didn’t know, Jo paused when she saw a shot of herself sitting with Tony and Isaac at the table at AL'S. She hadn’t realized Rhonda had taken a picture. Then there was the one she’d taken of Rhonda and her husband. But the last shot in the series made her stop and look again. Rhonda was standing in the parking lot next to her car as her husband took the picture. But it was the truck in the background that grabbed Jo’s attention.
She clicked on the picture to enlarge it. Was that the truck Brett had tossed her into? She could just make out the shadows of two men standing on its far side. Was that Brett and had he been talking to someone? And, looking more closely, Jo felt a shiver run down her spine when she saw the same black van she’d just seen in her own pictures. Coincidence, she wondered? “I don’t believe in them,” she confirmed out loud.
* * *
Julie hadn’t minded when Sylvia called her in a panic. Could she come in after school even though it wasn’t her scheduled day to work? Yes, yes, yes, she thought. When she arrived at the pet store Sylvia was behind the counter and holding her jaw.
“Toothache,” she said, “I’ve got to get to the dentist. You are such a lifesaver.”
“I’m happy to help,” Julie smiled. “Is there anything special you want me to do?”
Sylvia grabbed her purse from under the counter. “I’ve checked in some boxes in the back, you can start shelving them. And if you finish before I get back, just check the aisles and straighten things. I shouldn’t be more than two hours.”
“It’s okay,” Julie reassured her. “I know how to run the register now and you said Monday nights were usually not that busy. I’ll be fine.”
“You’re just a lifesaver,” Sylvia said again and with a wave was out the door. 
Julie looked around the store with delight. I’d better get busy, she thought. It hadn’t taken her long to finish shelving the stock Sylvia had indicated. She checked each of the aisles and tidied anything that looked out of place, then she started wandering around.
The kittens were always fun to play with and she was ready to take one out of its cage when the phone rang. Being closer to the back of the store, Julie rushed to the office to answer it. After giving the store hours to the caller, she hung up and looked around. Maybe she should check the stockroom and see if anything in there needed to be cleaned. If she left the doors open she’d hear the phone and the door chime if someone came in.
She shoved boxes of extra inventory into their proper places on the stockroom shelves and swept the floor. Satisfied that she’d done all she could, Julie stood and looked at the door Sylvia had said not to bother with. The more she looked the more the forbidden door started to beckon. It wouldn’t hurt just to peek inside, she thought. A quick peek, that’s all she’d do, she wouldn’t even go in. But the door was locked.
She stood for a moment undecided. Should she just forget it? Or was the key on the key ring that Sylvia kept under the front counter? Deciding it wouldn’t hurt just to take a look, Julie walked quickly to the front of the store and retrieved the key ring. Her third try fit and the lock clicked. When she opened the door and turned on the light she couldn’t believe what she saw.
Two large birdcages sat at the far end of the small room where two beautifully, colored parrots stared back at her. The air was musty and carried a dank smell. Julie propped the door open and walked in. No wonder the room stank. These cages were in serious need of cleaning. Sylvia was so meticulous about the cages in the store, Julie couldn’t understand why she’d let these get into such a state. Carefully she walked closer.
“Hey, you guys,” she cooed softly. “How are you?”
The larger of the two birds responded by letting go a stream of green urine that splashed at the bottom of the cage.
“Oh gross,” Julie stepped back. “You guys need to have these cages cleaned.” She started to turn to get the necessary supplies then stopped. Sylvia had specifically told her not to go into this room. Would she be angry if she came back and found that at the first opportunity she’d gone against a direct instruction? Julie looked at the two birds who looked miserably back at her.
“I can’t, guys.” The smaller bird gave a chirp and ruffled its feathers as if to say, “Hey lady do something here.”“I know you need your cages cleaned,” Julie said, but I can’t take the chance that Sylvia would fire me. I love it here.” She stepped closer again. “But I can get you fresh water. She wouldn’t notice that,” and carefully she reached into the first cage and removed the filthy water container. She scooted to the sink in the stockroom and washed it. Then filling it with fresh water, she replaced it in the cage. She repeated the process in the second cage then reluctantly stood and watched the birds. They were bigger than the ones they usually sold, she noticed. And she wondered if that was why Sylvia had them in a separate room. Slowly she backed out of the room.
“Don’t worry, guys,” she said to the parrots. “Sylvia will be back soon and I know she’ll have your cages cleaned in no time.” Reluctantly Julie turned off the lights and closed and relocked the door. Then she sniffed, did the air in the hallway now carry that dank odor from the room? Not wanting to take any chances that Sylvia might notice, she hurried for the room freshening spray they used. When she was satisfied that everything smelled normal, Julie closed the stockroom door. She walked the aisles again looking for anything that needed her attention but found nothing. The puppies were sleeping and even the kittens had curled up for a nap.
With a sigh, Julie took Sylvia’s place behind the counter and flipped open her notebook. She might as well get started on her homework since there weren’t any customers. And with the shop’s phone in easy reach, Julie started to read as she waited for Sylvia to return.



Chapter Eighteen

“Hey, Kate,” Mitch called as she walked in to the bullpen. “Captain was looking for you. Said to stop by his office when you’re finished with the interview. And Phelps and his attorney are in Room One.”
“Captain give any indication as to what he needed?” she asked. Looking down she missed Mitch’s grin as he winked at Stevens.
“Couldn’t say. He’s probably steamed ‘cause you’re late.”
Kate frowned and glanced at her watch. “What are you talking about? I’m not late. It’s not even 9:00 yet.”
Mitch shrugged his shoulder with a “What do I know?” attitude.
Kate stowed her purse and picked up her notes. “I’ll be in Interview One if anybody needs me.”
“Go get ‘em champ,” Mitch called as she walked away.
“You didn’t tell her about the award,” Stevens said rolling his chair to the aisle so he could enjoy the view of Kate walking down the hall.
“Nah, let the Chief have the pleasure. I’m just damn glad they are giving her the recognition she deserves.”
Stevens rolled his chair back to his desk. “Well, she’s one of the best cops I’ve ever worked with, that’s for sure.” And with a satisfied smile he went back to his files.
Kate walked into the interview room and set her notes on the table. “Good morning, gentlemen.” She gave them a sunny smile. “How is everyone on this beautiful morning?”
“There’s nothing beautiful about having to come down here again,” Frank Phelps snapped. “What the hell is going on? I already gave you a statement. I don’t have the time for this.”
“Now, now,” she chided. “As the principal of an elementary school you must know how important it is to set a good example by doing your civic duty.”
“I’ve already told you everything I know,” he glared. “What’s wrong with you people that you can’t get things straight the first time around? My time is valuable even if yours is not.”
“Okay, Mr. Phelps, calm down,” the attorney advised. “I’m sure Detective Snow will have this cleared up so you can get back to work. Isn’t that right, Detective?”
“Why, of course.” Kate’s smile vanished to be replaced with a flat-eyed cop stare. “You haven’t been completely honest with me, Frank, and I don’t like that.”
“Detective Snow,” the attorney said quickly, “we don’t appreciate your tone or your attitude.”
“It’s going to get a lot worse unless your client wants to come clean.”
“That’s it, we’re done here. We came in voluntarily to answer questions but we don’t have to be subjected to this harassment.”
“Harassment?” Kate all but spat the word. “You haven’t begun to see harassment. And your client didn’t volunteer to come in, so let’s not play games. You want to leave now, go right ahead,” she said pleasantly. “And I’ll let the press know we’ve identified your client as a person of interest in the Daniel Witmore murder case.”
“What!” Phelps shot out of his chair. “I thought we were here to talk about Diana Harkins. I don’t even know Daniel Witmore.”
Kate merely smiled and said nothing.
“Sit down, Mr. Phelps,” his attorney said. “Detective Snow is fishing and she knows it.”
“Am I fishing, Frank? Does your attorney know that you went to the Witmore’s house that morning?”
Angry color started at his collar and worked its way up Frank’s cheeks. “I’ve never spoken to Daniel Witmore.”
“Then you haven’t told your attorney what you and Danny argued about?”
“Detective Snow.…”
“I have a witness, counselor, so cut the bullshit.”
“I need to speak with my client privately.”
“Certainly,” she smiled. “I’ll just step out for a moment. Oh, and, counselor, be sure to advise your client on the penalties of making false statements to the police. 
Kate found Mitch standing outside the two-way glass with a grin that went from ear to ear. “Did I tell you I love to watch you work?”
Kate gave him a quizzical glance. “You are in one strange mood today.”
Mitch rubbed his chin. “It’s just that you come off so sweet and then “Wham!” you hit them right between the eyes. The best part is they never see it coming. Do you really have a witness?”
“Mmm hmm, the neighbor from directly across the street saw him go into the Witmore’s house.” Kate rocked back and forth on her heels. “She said she could hear the shouting from her front yard, then Phelps stormed off.”
“And where has she been all this time?”
Kate turned and gave Mitch a winning smile. “Taking care of a sick mother in South Carolina. Oops, excuse me,” she said, giving a nod toward the interview room’s window. “I believe they want me to come back in.”
“Detective Snow, my client would like to make a statement,” the attorney said.
“Ready to deal Frank?” she said sitting down at the table.
“No, but I’m ready to tell you what happened. I got a call from Mr. Witmore asking me to come to his home.”
“Ah, so you do know him and you have spoken with him. Didn’t you just tell me moments before you didn’t know the man?”
“Detective, my client is trying to set the record straight.”
“Do you mean your client is trying to cover his lies? Okay, Frank by all means, let’s continue.”
He pulled at the collar of his shirt. “I received a call from Mr. Witmore asking me to come to his home. He said he had something of the utmost importance to share with me.” 
“And you do that often?” Kate asked looking up from her notes. “Go to a parent’s home on a day when school isn’t in session because they call and ask you to?”
Frank looked away. “He indicated that it would be in my interest to show up.”
“I see.”
“When I got there, he told me that he had found information about me, information that I wouldn’t want the parents of my students to know. Then he asked for money.”
“Danny Witmore was blackmailing you?”
“He was trying to,” Frank snapped. “But I didn’t give the son of a bitch a penny.”
“So instead of paying him what he asked, you poisoned him?”
“What? No, I did no such thing. I told him that if he tried to do anything like that I’d go to the police then sue him for slander.”
“And what exactly was he holding over your head, Frank?”
Frank’s color turned a darker shade of red and he clenched his fists. “He found information on the Internet about some trumped up charges.”
“Trumped up charges?”
“When I lived in Georgia my wife and I didn’t always get along. We had a nosey neighbor and anytime someone spoke above a whisper she called the cops.”
“That doesn’t sound too threatening.”
“I might have been arrested a few times,” he said finally.
“Frank,” the attorney said, “you’re not required to give this information.”
“It’s better than her thinking that I killed that bastard. So I shouted at him, so what? There’s no law against that, and that’s all I did.”
“Did you know Mr. Witmore was into bodybuilding?” Kate asked.
“What? How would I know that? I’d never met the man before that morning.”
“Are you sure?” she pushed. “I mean we have some conflicting statements here. I have everything from ‘I never met the man,’ to ‘I met the man that morning,’ to ‘I only talked with him,’ to ‘I might have shouted at him’. Which is it Frank?”
“I’d never spoken with him before his phone call. The first time I ever laid eyes on him was when I went to his house. I was there less than five minutes and I left. The end. Nothing else happened.”
Kate continued her questioning until she was sure that Frank had nothing more to give. Then, thanking him, told them they were free to go.
When she returned to her desk Mitch looked over. “You let them go? I was sure you were going for an arrest.”
“So was I,” she said thoughtfully, “but I can’t make it work. Unless I can find proof that Phelps had met Danny Witmore before that morning, there’s no way I can pin the murder on him. I can’t see him carrying around a poisoned sports drink on the chance he might need it. It just doesn’t wash.
“I see what you mean,” he said. “Tough luck.”
“Yeah, back to the drawing board.”
“Hey, don’t forget the Captain wants to see you.”
Kate sighed. “Yeah, right,” And shaking her head she went in search of the Captain. 
* * *
Jo sat at her computer and completed yet another search. Her arm was starting to ache but she was determined to ease back on the pain pills. When the phone rang, she was ready for a distraction.
“Hey, what’s up?” she said, recognizing Kate’s number.
“You’re never going to guess.”
“You just arrested the Energizer Bunny for Battery?”
“Almost as good, we’re getting a medal.”
“A metal what?”
“Not a metal, a medal. A Medal for Meritorious Achievement,” Kate said.
“Meritorious Achievement for what?” Jo persisted, beginning to wonder if the pain pills had permanently clouded her brain.
“The FBI is awarding you and me the Medal for Meritorious Achievement.”
“And I repeat, for what?”
“For finding the book that cracked the sex trafficking case they’d been working on.”
“Wow, we get a medal for finding a book in a wrecked car?”
“Looks like that’s the case.”
“Sweet. So when is this going to happen?”
“The Chief said in a few days. They’ll do it here at the station, but someone from the mayor’s office will probably show up because the FBI will be there. And the Chief said the media would probably be involved, too.
“Damn,” Jo responded. “I hate the media.”
“I know, but hey, why aren’t you wearing your sling?”
Jo glanced around the room. “What… how do you know that? You have x-ray vision all of a sudden?”
Kate laughed. “No silly, we still have the nanny cams up. When I flicked on my computer just now and coded in, I picked you up. You’re in the kitchen and, if I might add, you forgot to comb your hair again.”
“Get a life, Snow,” Jo said and hung up. Standing she went to the window. The little duck, which held the camera, now sported bright green eyes indicating that something was being recorded. After sticking out her tongue at the duck, Jo reached in and clicked off the camera.
“Can’t even scratch your butt in your own house anymore,” she said to Blitz. He lifted his head in question. “I think it’s about time to get rid of all these things.”
With that, Blitz ran to get his favorite pull toy to move it to safety. 
Jo went back to her searches when the phone rang again. “What?” she said when it flashed Kate’s number.
“Did you just turn off the camera in the kitchen?”
“Yeah, what’s the problem?”
“No problem, I just wondered why, after seeing the hideous way you contorted your face, the screen went black.” 
Jo chuckled. “You should have been able to figure that one out,” she said sarcastically. “After all you’re the detective who’s getting a medal.”
Now Kate chuckled as well. “So what are you working on? You looked so studious before.”
Jo threaded her fingers through her hair. “Do you know how many black vans there are in this city?”
“And that’s important because….”
“Well according to research, silver might be the most popular color but I’m thinking black is a close second.”
“Are you thinking about getting a new car?” Kate asked in surprise. “I thought you loved the Miata, and lord knows I love that it’s a convertible.”
“Nah, there’s nothing wrong with my car I’ve just become obsessed with black vans. I’m seeing them everywhere.”
“Well, black is a popular color for a van, and what do you mean you’re seeing them everywhere?”
“There was one at the park when I was there with the dogs, and I saw one in the parking lot at AL'S.”
“The same car?”
“Can’t really tell,” Jo said with frustration. “Probably not, but I just can’t get this Birdman stuff out of my head.”
“Jo,” Kate cautioned. “You know the doctor….”
“Yeah, yeah,” she interrupted, “the doctor said things from that night could get jumbled up with other things or I might not remember anything because of the concussion. I know that. I just can’t seem to stop thinking about it.” She rubbed at her forehead. “And now I’ve given myself a headache.”
“You’re trying to cut back on the pain pills too soon,” Kate said. “Look if you don’t want to take the strong stuff, at least go get some aspirin or something.”
“Yeah, that’s a good idea,” Jo said, wishing she’d been the one to think of it. “And Kate, congratulations on your Meritorious Achievement,” then, chuckling, she hung up.
* * *
Nicole walked around the art bench and eyed the chalk work critically. The 4x4 foot bench was topped by a 3D rendition of a paved road with a huge gap cracking through its surface. A possum, complete with startled expression, struggled to climb out of the hole that appeared to be several feet deep and at least two feet wide.
“This is amazing. I swear you surprise even me. It’s so perfect.” She reached out then hesitated, “Can I touch?”
Willow beamed. “Yeah, it’s been sprayed. Right now it’s pretty set but I wouldn’t do any hard rubbing. I’ve never worked on vinyl before so I don’t know how long the quality is going to last.”
Zeke stood in silent admiration. “I just can’t believe it.” He reached out to gently touch one of the many pebbles that were scattered on the sides. “The illusion is so real you think you should pick them up. How did you manage this?”
Willow stretched and arched her aching back. “Working from the inside out so I wouldn’t smear my own work as I moved.” She yawned hugely. “Mrs. Webster already told me I got an A, but she’s still puzzled by my choice of subject.”
“What made you put the possum in?” Nicole asked. “I mean it’s a cute touch but…”
“It helps give the work depth,” Willow replied. “It makes the hole appear more believable.”
“It’s sure believable to me,” Rhys said, bending over to get a better look at the texture of the pavement she’d created. “How’d you know to use all these colors?”
“That’s the part that fools your eye,” Willow said. “Using different shades you create the illusion of shadows. This entire project is really a study in shadows and perspective that create a special distortion to fool the eye.”
“When this is on the road,” Rhys said straightening, “someone approaching is going to think that a sinkhole has split the concrete. And with the possum struggling to get out, it just makes it that much more real. You are a friggin’ genius. You do the Quills proud.”
“But don’t forget that it only works from one direction,” Willow cautioned. “If you don’t place it right it won’t work.”
Nicole rubbed her hands together in anticipation. “When should we do it? Tonight?”
“No,” Willow said quickly. “Mrs. Webster would wonder what’s going on if I finish the project one day and it disappears the next. In a few days I’ll have it moved to a less conspicuous location here in the art room then we can talk about when.”
Rhys nodded. “You’re right, you’re right. We can afford to wait a few days.”
Nicole frowned. “But not longer than a few days. I can’t wait to see this in action.”

* * *
Jo climbed into the car after a grueling physical therapy session. Her shoulder ached but at least now she could take a deep breath without her ribs screaming. Slipping the sling off her arm, she turned the motor over and sat. She was tired, but the thought of going back home just to sit in the house was making her crazy. Acting on impulse she decided to stop by and see Sylvia at the pet store. Her research into the bird smuggling was interesting but going nowhere. Maybe Sylvia would be able to give her some new insights since she was in the business of selling birds.
When she pulled up in front of the store, she found herself glancing around the parking lot. I’m obsessed with black vans, she thought. But seeing none, she just gave herself a mental shake and got out of the car. Inside she found Julie Finch standing behind the counter.
“It’s Julie, right?” She asked walking over to where the teenager stood tissue in hand.
“Yes, and you’re Jo. Jeez, what happened to your arm?”
Jo shrugged, “I sorta fell off a bridge.”
“Oh, my gosh, did you break it?”
“Just my arm,” Jo held up the cast as far as her aching shoulder would allow. “The bridge is fine.”
Julie giggled then sneezed twice. “Can I help you find something?”
Jo shook her head. “Not yet, I was hoping to catch Sylvia. Is she around?”
“She’s here, but she’s in a meeting with a supplier, I think. They’re in the back. Do you want me to call her and let her know you’re here?”
Jo hesitated. “No, that’s okay. It’s not important enough to pull her out of a meeting. I just wanted to chat with her if she was free. So point me in the direction of the dog toys. Mine were upset that I didn’t bring them for a ride, so I’ll make nice and take home some new toys.”
“That’s sweet,” Julie said rounding the counter, “and we have a ton of great toys for you to choose from. We also have some new dog treats. They’re 100% natural and supposed to be good for the dog’s teeth.”
“Hey, you’re quite a saleswoman,” Jo grinned.
“It’s easy, I love working here.” She sneezed again and dabbed the tissue at her watery eyes. “Sorry,” she shoved the tissue in her pocket and pulled out another. “You probably shouldn’t get too close to me. I think I’m coming down with a cold.”
Jo took an exaggerated step back. “How’s that?”
Julie started to laugh but it came out more as a cough.
“Hey, maybe you should call Sylvia after all,” Jo said with concern. “If you’re sick you should probably go home and get some rest. You’re still in school right?”
“I’m a senior this year,” she shoved the tissue back in her pocket. “But really, I’m fine. It’s just a cold, or maybe allergies. Now, are your dogs big or little?”
“One of each,” Jo said, understanding the girl didn’t want to dwell on how she felt. “A shepherd and a Jack Russell. And,” she added as an afterthought, “I should probably get something for the cat.”
“You have a cat, too?”
“Not exactly….”
By the time she was finished, Jo ended up with a selection of new toys, several samples of doggie treats, and a 10-pound bag of dog food that Julie had insisted she try. Her shoulder was throbbing with each heartbeat and her arm felt like a dead weight. Wishing she had kept the sling on she let Julie carry the packages out to her car.
“If they don’t love it, you can bring it back. Sylvia has a great return policy for things like this. A satisfied customer is a returning customer,” she recited, making Jo smile. “Oh, I love your car,” she exclaimed as Jo popped the trunk. “I’d love to have a convertible.”
“It’s a great car,” Jo said, giving the parking lot another look. She froze as she watched a black van pull from behind the strip of stores.
Julie noticed her watching the van. “I think that was Sylvia’s supplier,” she said easily. “Do you want to come back in and see if she’s available now? I’m sure she’s going to be sorry she’s missed you.”
Jo started to say yes, but when she took a step her shoulder sent a pain radiating down her arm. Realizing she was becoming exhausted again and knowing she still needed to drive home, she shook her head. “No, just tell her I stopped by. I’ll catch her next time. You don’t happen to know who her supplier is, do you?” she asked casually.
“Nope,” Julie shut the trunk with a click. “Sylvia was real secretive about that. Seems that a while back one of her assistants decided to court some of her suppliers and then started her own pet store. Sylvia was pretty steamed when she told me about it. I couldn’t tell if she was upset about the competition, or if she actually lost some of her suppliers to the other store.”
“I’ll admit I know nothing about retail,” Jo said, “but it doesn’t make sense that she’d lose a supplier unless there is a limited amount of product. And it seems to me there’s always an abundance of puppies and kittens.”
“Well, she doesn’t have to worry about that with me. I love working here, but next year I’m off to college. No way I’m going to start a pet store and go into competition.”
“Well, tell her I stopped by. It was good seeing you again, and good luck with your classes this year.” Jo climbed into her car then waved goodbye with her good arm as Julie ran back into the store. She sat for another minute trying to wrap her mind around what she’d just learned, and pulling out, she spotted another black van at the far end of the parking lot. I’m obsessed with black vans, she said to herself 
Jo paced in the living room as she waited for Kate to finish primping. “Come on, you look great. You’re going to be late for your own award ceremony.”
Kate came out of the guest room wearing a stylish black suit. Her hair had been artfully arranged into curls that framed her glowing face. “How do I look?” She walked over to the mirror behind the sofa and turned one way then the other.
“Jeez, Snow, you look the same as you did ten minutes ago in the other black suit. What’s the difference? You could wear a flour sack and still look good. Can we just go now?”
Kate turned to Jo who was comfortably attired in black slacks and a crocheted black sweater. “I’m glad you got the cast changed. That one looks more comfortable.”
Jo raised her arm. “It’s lighter than the other so I can get away without the sling. And, as you can see, the physical therapy is working so I can raise my arm this high,” she demonstrated. “And that’s high enough to knock some sense into you if we don’t get a move on.”
“The image I project is important to me,” Kate said as they left the house. 
“This is torture to me,” Jo mumbled climbing into the car. 
The extra cars that filled the police parking lot gave an indication of what was to come. Kate took a deep breath and Jo groaned. When they reached the conference room everyone turned and started to clap. Kate paused for only a moment before smiling and walking down the aisle that cleared for them. Jo rolled her eyes and wished for the event to be over. 
The Chief gave a brief speech, welcoming all the invited guests then turned the stage over to the FBI representative. Special Agent Tony Lincoln smiled and gave Kate a wink before turning back to the gathering. He explained how he and other agents had been diligently working to find a break in the sex trafficking ring that was operating in Florida. 
“The book that Detective Snow and Officer Cazimer found not only turned out to be a key piece of evidence,” he said, “but Detective Snow’s brilliant detective work unlocked the information in the book. She recognized what she’d found and then through research was able to match initials and dates in the book to the names of listed missing children. Thanks to her and Jo Cazimer, we have now arrested a half dozen key people in the ring and even located three of the missing children.”
The press erupted with questions. “Were any of the found girls from our area?” 
“Can you give us the names of the missing children?”
“Have their parents been notified?”
“Were all the children girls? Were there any boys on the list?”
Tony waited until the questions stopped and the room grew silent with anticipation again. “Thanks to these two dedicated law enforcement officers, we’ve made huge progress. But unfortunately the problem still continues. We’ve managed to snap off this arm of the octopus, if you will. But the other arms are still out there enticing children with promises. As many of you know, Central Florida has one of the highest rates of human trafficking in the country. And since this investigation is ongoing, I’m not here to give specifics about the case or about the individual children who have been found and returned to their parents. 
“The Bureau is proud to recognize the efforts of these two officers, and I’m honored to present each of them with the FBI’s Medal for Meritorious Achievement.” 
He handed Kate and Jo each a certificate and a small gold pin. They stood as cameras clicked and flashed. 
When at last she could ease away from the crowd, Jo found a quiet corner to sip her punch. 
“That was quite an accomplishment,” a voice said behind her. “You make me very proud.”
Jo spun around. “Doc Tucker, you’re back.” She gave him an enthusiastic hug. “How was your vacation? Catch any good fish?”
He smiled and peered out of glasses that rode low on his weathered face. “I found the best spot.… ‘
“Where is my hug?” 
Jo looked up to see Willard standing just behind Doc Tucker. “Why are you hugging him? You never hug me?”
Doc just shook his head. “Give the girl a break, Will,” he said easily. “I haven’t seen my favorite probation officer in over three weeks.”
Willard stepped up to stand beside Doc. “Congratulations Jo, I’m glad the FBI decided to give you a medal,” he said stiffly.
“Ah, thanks, Willard.” Jo turned back to Doc. “So where did you end up going?” 
Willard stood for several moments, then, as if he finally realized he was not included in the conversation, he drifted off.
Jo gave a sigh of relief when he left. 
“He been giving you a hard time?” Doc said, putting his arm around Jo’s shoulder. 
 “I can handle it,” Jo said, but the exasperated tone in her voice was telling.
“Oh, that boy,” Doc sighed. “He’s so brilliant at what he does. I don’t think I’ve ever had a more accomplished assistant. But.…”
“But sometimes he can be a huge pain in the ass,” Jo finished, making the doctor chuckle. 
“Oh, Caz,” he said, “you always tell it like it is.”
Jo looked around at all the social elbow rubbing and back patting and groaned. “And what this is, is a huge pain in the .…’
“Hi, Doc,” Kate said striding up to the pair. “Welcome back! I need to steal Jo for a minute, if you don’t mind.”
“I mind,” Jo grumbled as Kate took her good arm and led her to a corner of the room. 
“I need a favor,” Kate said quietly.
“Sure, as long as it doesn’t involve standing for any more pictures.”
“No, ah, would you mind taking my car and going home alone?”
Jo blinked in surprise. “Why, what’s up?”
Kate smiled. “Tony has asked me out for dinner and I’m going.”
“Okay,” Jo said looking over to where Tony stood talking with the Chief of Police. “That means I can leave when I want. I won’t need to stand around while you say hello to half the world.”
Kate handed Jo the keys to her car. “Thanks, you’re a pal and, Jo,” she grinned, “I’m feeling lucky so don’t wait up.”
Jo watched Kate make her way across the room stopping at least half a dozen times to shake a hand or share a word. That’s our Kate, she thought, Miss Social Butterfly. Then realizing she held the keys to her freedom, Jo quietly slipped from the room.
In the parking, lot she smiled and accepted congratulations from two officers just coming onto shift as she made her way to Kate’s car. Don’t wait up. God, she chuckled, as if she would. She started to climb into the car when she noticed the black van pulling out of the lot. She tried to see the license plate, but the van was just too far away. I’m obsessed, she thought. I’m obsessed with black vans. And trying not to think about it, Jo drove home. But no matter how she tried, she just couldn’t get the image out of her mind.
Once home, Jo shed her slacks and sweater for her cutoffs and a well-worn tee. Then sitting on the porch with a glass of iced tea she tossed the new balls for the dogs to fetch. Bella wore out first and after a sloppy drink from her bowl, joined Jo on the porch. When her arm started to tire before Blitz did, Jo had to call it quits. 
I wonder if I focused on another type of vehicle instead of a black van, I’d see them everywhere, too. And warming to that idea she went back in the house to look at her pictures again. It didn’t take long to realize that the theory didn’t work. The only constant was the black van. She paced with frustration then looked at the cat sitting on top of the piano. “I see black vans everywhere,” she said to Midnight, “but I can’t even tell if it’s the same van or not.” The cat just twitched her ears then began to lick her paw.



Chapter Nineteen

Jo was still working at the kitchen table when both dogs jumped up and raced to the front door moments before it opened. Surprised to see Kate, she glanced at the clock and saw the time was going on three in the morning.
“Wow,” she said as Kate walked in. “You’re home early.”
Kate dropped down on a chair and smiled. “Hmmm.”
“I’m guessing from that that you had a nice time?”
“Mmm hmm.” Kate continued to smile.
“That must have been a huge dinner.”
Kate finally looked over at Jo. “What?”
“Well, since he was taking you to dinner and it’s now going on three in the morning, I guess you had a lot to eat.”
“You know, Jo, sometimes I wonder about you.” Kate stood and got herself a glass of iced tea.
“Only some of the time?” Jo grinned.
“Yeah, the rest of the time, I know. If you want the details of my night, just ask.”
“Ah, no thank you. I’ll just assume from the smile on your face that all went well. 
Are you going to see him again? I mean he is gorgeous.”
Now Kate’s smile dimmed. “I don’t know. He’s flying back to Washington first thing tomorrow morning.”
“Well that sucks.”
Kate just shrugged. “What will be will be. What in the world are you doing?” She pulled Jo’s paper closer so she could read it.
“I was just making a list of everyone I could remember who was at the ceremony and then putting down what model car they drove.”
“And you’re doing this because.…’
“I saw a black van pull out of the parking lot just as I was getting into your car. I just wondered who it belonged to.”
Kate scanned down the list. “Jo, you have the Chief of Police on this list.”
“Well, he was there, and you never know what a person’s hobbies might be.” 
Kate gave Jo a long hard stare. “And you think the Chief of Police might be smuggling birds for a hobby?”
“No, of course not… I mean probably not…but you have to admit he was at the ceremony tonight.”
“Ah, yes, he was, and so were about a hundred other people.”
Jo brightened, “Can you remember more names that I don’t have on my list?” She pulled the notepad back and picked up her pen. “And you wouldn’t happen to know what kind of car the Mayor drives would you?”
“The mayor has a black limo, the Chief of Police uses a dark green van, and you are definitely obsessed.” She pulled the pad away from Jo and flipped it over. “Go to bed. Stop worrying about this. The guy who shot you is safely tucked away in jail. He can’t get to you any more.”
“You’re making me sound crazy,” Jo pouted.
“You are crazy, but it’s probably a side effect of the concussion. You should check with the doctor next time you’re in for your arm.” Kate stood up. “I’m going to bed even if you’re not. One of us has to go to work in the morning,” she started out of the kitchen.
“Yeah, well, I’d go if they would let me,” Jo called. “Besides,” she muttered, “there is someone called the Birdman and he’s not in jail,”
* * *
Rhys sat with Zeke in the van and watched the traffic. “I see what you mean,” he said, as he counted the cars that went by. “There is traffic, but we should be able to get it positioned on the road and then get out of sight before the next car comes.” He glanced down the road. “What’s down that way?”
“There’s a nursing home or something like that further down, but beyond that I really don’t know.”
Rhys shook his head. “I just wish we could have done this closer to the school.”
“No way we could get closer. Between the streetlights and the traffic, we’d never be able to get things set up without attracting a crowd. Look, here we’ve got thick trees on each side so there’s cover for our cars. It’s only two lanes wide so the drawing will fit perfectly on the north bound lane, and there’s no shoulder to speak of before the runoff gully. We should be able to get our pictures and get away before any cops show up. I think this location is a wicked brilliant pick.”
“You’re right,” Rhys said. “Are the girls in position?”
Zeke sent a text then nodded when his phone chirped back. “Nicole is far enough down that rutted access road that no one could see her car and Willow and her crew are further up ahead. They’ve parked back in the woods and will get the shots from the front. I think we have everything covered.”
They waited in silence as two more cars drove down the road. “Let’s do it,” Zeke said, and jumping out of the van, he helped Rhys grab the folded vinyl from the back. Walking as quickly as they dared through the woods without the headlights to illuminate their way was trickier than they had anticipated. Twice they froze as cars zoomed by. When they finally reached the edge of the woods, they climbed awkwardly up the slight incline, quickly unfolded the vinyl and stretched it across the lane making sure to have it facing the oncoming cars as Willow had instructed.
Laughing like idiots, they dove back into the shelter of the trees. Struggling to stay as quiet as possible, Zeke finally said, “Wait, no one can hear us out here. Why are we worried? We don’t want anyone to see us after they slam on the brakes, but until then…, The Quills are here!” he shouted. “Motorists beware!”
“Be quiet, you fool,” Rhys laughed as he swatted a mosquito.
“Quills forever!” a female voice echoed back through the inky darkness.
They didn’t have to wait long. Within minutes an ambulance with lights flashing came speeding down the road. As predicted, the minute the ambulance’s headlights hit the drawing of the deep crack in the road, the driver slammed on the brakes and made a hard cut to the right. Tires screamed and laid rubber but the speed and the sudden swerve were the ambulance’s undoing. It careened off the road tipping over to land on its side with an ominous crash.
“Oh man,” Zeke laughed quietly. “Do you think they have a body in there? ‘Cause if they do it just landed on the floor.”
“Be quiet,” Rhys snapped. He cautiously moved closer through the trees with his phone busily recording. “This is better than we expected,” he whispered.
Moments later they watched a uniformed man try to climb out through the driver’s window. He struggled and twice slipped back inside, and then he successfully made his escape. Sitting with his feet still in the opened window, they watched him struggle to pull his companion from the wreck. In the distance, sirens sounded.
Zeke shoved his own phone back in his pocket and hit Rhys’s arm. “Let’s get going,” he hissed. “We want to be long gone before the cops get here.” In the distance they heard a car motor rev up and knew some of their companions were having the same thoughts. Carefully they edged back to Zeke’s car. But when they opened the doors the car’s interior light flashed on.
“Hey,” someone called from the direction of the road. “Is someone out there? We need help here!”
“Let’s get out of here,” Rhys urged. But before Zeke could start his car, another car came down the road and again when the driver’s headlights illuminated the deep opening in the pavement, he too swerved and ended up crashing into the back end of the ambulance.
“Oh, my god,” Rhys cheered. “We got two for the price of one. Now let’s get out of here.”
Needing no further encouragement, Zeke started the car and carefully made his way through the woods keeping his lights off until they were far enough away from the scene not to attract attention. They had only gone a short distance down the road when they were passed by a police car with lights flashing as it raced to the accident.
“Slow down,” Rhys said quickly, opening his window. “I want to listen to see if I hear another crash.” But the air was filled only with the siren of another police car and a second ambulance as they, too, headed for the accident.
Being careful to stick to the speed limit, Zeke drove back to the coffee shop where they had agreed to meet. He and Rhys were the last to arrive.
“Did you see it?” Nicole danced in the parking lot. “It was amazing! I got the entire thing on my phone. This is priceless! We’re going to get a million hits on YouTube.”
Willow bounded out of her car. “Oh, my gosh, did you see the guy try to climb out the door? Or maybe it was the window…it was just so frigging funny I nearly peed myself.”
“Good grief, Willow,” Nicole tried to scold, but laughed instead. “Don’t be so crude.”
“It was freaking amazing and it worked, that’s the best part,” Rhys said. “It actually worked.”
“Did you ever doubt my talent?” Willow mimed a pout.
“Not for a moment,” Zeke said slinging an arm around her shoulder. “You are one talented bitch.”
“Ah, excuse me,” Nicole said haughtily. “She’s the artist, I’m the bitch. And don’t you forget it.” And with that they all collapsed into laughter.
They spent the better part of the next two hours comparing and admiring their various recordings of the ambulance’s demise. Nicole had even gotten the second car as it hit the brakes and swerved to avoid the hole in the road. They argued as to which recording would best serve their purpose and finally decided to post more than one.
“The Quills are the bomb,” Nicole laughed, holding her coffee cup in the air. And the rest of their happy group cheered with satisfaction.
* * *
Kate stood next to Mitch and stared down at the 3D illusion of a hole that filled the lane. “What the heck?” She walked closer and bent down to get a better look. “Son of a bitch this is a damn drawing,” she said lifting a corner of the vinyl. “It’s a high school kid’s art project.”
Disgusted, Mitch looked over at the ambulance lying on its side in the trees. “But it’s so realistic. I mean I know it’s fake, but even as I stand here I find myself wanting to reach down and touch it. That possum looks so freaking real. Who would do something like this?”
“I’ve seen this before,” Kate said rising and walking around the picture. “Not this exact drawing but something very similar.” She looked over at Mitch. “When I was at the high school looking for information about Sherry Reed. I saw this type of 3D work in one of the art rooms.”
“That’s just sick. Imagine having this much talent, yet doing something like this with it.” Mitch gave a disgusted grunt. “Just sick.”
“How are the two ambulance drivers?” Kate asked.
“Bumps and bruises. They’re going in for some x-rays just to be sure but the second EMTs think they’re going to be okay.”
“Well, that’s something positive. Do we know where it was headed?”
“The Shady Oaks Nursing Home is down this road,” Mitch said referring back to his notes. “They were responding to a call from there.”
“Did dispatch send another ambulance?” Kate questioned as she made her own notes.
“Yeah, but the delay was pretty significant because of this accident and the second ambulance stopping here as well.”
“Okay, ask Sullivan to go over there and do a follow-up before he returns to the station.” Kate watched the tow truck pull the ambulance back onto its own four wheels before securing the winch to load it onto the flatbed. “I wonder how much damage was done to the equipment inside.”
“I’m sure the insurance company will have somebody out first thing in the morning. Did you get the statements from the first guys on the scene?” Mitch asked.
“About seeing a car back in the woods? Yeah, I’m sure that’s exactly what they saw. I’m going to bet the farm that the kids who pulled this stunt were stupid enough to stand around and actually record it.”
Mitch nodded. “Like the ones who slashed Jo’s tire? Jeez, Kate, who does something like that and takes pictures of themselves doing it?”
“The witless youth of today who have too much time on their hands and no sense of social responsibility.”
Mitch continued to stare at the picture on the ground. “You know, if whoever drew this had sold it, then donated the money to a food bank or homeless shelter they could have gotten all the notoriety they wanted.”
“Let’s get this off the ground,” Kate said bending down and lifting one corner. “I think we can roll it up. Let’s see what the owner says when I return it tomorrow.”
“You going to the school?”
“Oh yeah, I’m going to the school. But right now I just want this out of here so we can open this road to traffic again.”
* * *
Sitting in history class, Willow texted Nicole, I’m still flying from last night.
Me too came the reply. When do you think we can post it online?
In a few days - let the reporters have fun with their speculation first.
Shame that the police picked it up before the news camera got there.
Probably for the best, that will just make our video that much cooler!
The public address system squawked a warning. “Would Willow Hartman please report to the office immediately. Willow Hartman to the office immediately.”
Willow looked over at Nicole and shrugged an “I don’t have a clue” look before scooping up her books and leaving the class. She sauntered down the hall then made a stop in the girl’s room to refresh her lipstick. Deciding it was probably Mrs. Webster calling to give her the news about the artist scholarship, Willow took another minute to fix her hair. But as she left the lavatory and rounded the corner to the office, she was stunned to see several uniformed police standing in the foyer in front of the office with Principal Bradshaw. She recognized Detective Snow and her heart jumped to her throat.
“Willow Hartman?” Kate said, stepping forward. She watched the girl’s look go from smug to panic before she gave a slight nod. “You’re under arrest for being directly responsible for the accident on County Road 27.” Principal Bradshaw stepped forward and took the books from Willow’s arms then Kate spun her around and clamped her wrists with the plastic restraints.
“You can’t do this to me,” Willow tried for indignant but it came out squeaky.
“Watch me,” Kate said flatly, taking the girl by the arm and leading her from the school.
“I want to call my parents,” Willow started to cry. “You can’t do this without me calling my parents.”
“After you’re booked,” Kate said, “I’ll be happy to let you make that phone call, but for now, move.”
Within minutes the news was all over the school. Willow Hartman had been taken away by the police. Nicole met Zeke and Rhys after class.
“Do you think she’ll be able to stick to the plan,” Rhys asked.
“She’ll stick,” Nicole said with confidence, “and part two of the scheme is now in progress.”
* * *
Kate let Willow sit in the interview room and watched the teen through the two way glass window.
“How long you going to make her wait?” Mitch asked.
“I’m just giving her enough time to get really nervous,” Kate smiled. “I want to see the look on her face when you walk in with that piece of vinyl.”
“When do you want me to bring it in?”
“Give me five minutes with her.”
“You got it.”
Kate opened the door and sat at the table across from Willow. “You, my dear, are in quite a bit of trouble.”
“I don’t understand,” Willow said quietly. “I’m sure there has been some terrible mistake. I’m a straight A student.”
“And a very talented one at that,” Kate said pleasantly. “It's not often one finds someone with your talent in high school. You are truly gifted.”
Willow cocked her head to the side. “I’m not sure what you’re referring to.”
“Oh, come on,” Kate cajoled. “We both know how gifted you are when it comes to your art work.” She watched the girl try to hide a smile. “Your teacher, Mrs. Webster, tells me she’s never had a student with your level of talent.”
“Mrs. Webster is very kind,” Willow responded. “She’s a good teacher.”
“And you, my dear, are a very, very good student. She was able to recognize your work immediately. In fact quite a few of your teachers were able to identify your art work as Mrs. Webster had made a point of showing them how extremely talented you are.”
Willow said nothing but looked down at her clasped hands in her lap.
Mitch opened the door and propped the rolled up vinyl against the corner and set Willow’s purse on the table beside Kate. Giving a quick thumbs-up, he left.
“Do you recognize that?” Kate asked.
Willow looked over and nodded. “That’s my art project.” She waited a beat. “The one that was stolen from the art room yesterday.”
“Really,” Kate said, watching the girl unsuccessfully hide a smug smile. “Your project was stolen?”
“Yes.” Willow sat up straighter and placed her clasped hands on the table. “It was there during the art meeting after school yesterday, but when I want back later, I noticed it wasn’t where I had left it. I searched the entire art room but I couldn’t find it.”
“And what time would that have been?”
“Well,” Willow sat straighter and tried to look like she was concentrating. “The meeting was over around 5:00, or maybe a little later. We all went for coffee but I’d forgotten a book so when I went back, it was probably closer to 6:30.”
“So the art work was there at 5:00 but missing at 6:30?” Kate wrote in her notebook then looked up. “Would that be about right?”
“As close as I can remember,” Willow beamed. 
“And what did you do then,” Kate asked. “Did you report it as missing?”
“There wasn’t anyone to report it to,” she said easily. “Mrs. Webster had already left and the more I thought about it, I just assumed that she had taken it.”
“You thought your art teacher stole your project?”
“Oh no, Mrs. Webster would never do anything like that. She told me she wanted to enter it into the college art festival. So when I saw it was missing, I just assumed that she had taken it to enter for me.” Willow smiled sweetly.
“And you thought she’d take your project and enter it without telling you she was doing so?”
“Well, I wasn’t sure when the deadline was so I thought that might be the case.”
“So this morning when you got to school…”
“Oh, I went straight to the art room,” Willow interrupted. “But when I asked Mrs. Webster about it, she said she hadn’t seen my project. That’s when I knew it had been stolen.”
“Wow, that’s quite an interesting story. Do you have any idea who might have taken it? I mean that piece of work is quite remarkable and I’m guessing would bring a pretty penny if put up on eBay.”
Willow smiled. “Why, thank you, Detective. And, yes, I do have a suspect in mind.”
“Do tell,” Kate urged.
“Well,” Willow leaned forward on her chair. “There is a student who’s been hanging around the art room. Always asking about how I do things and how much something like my project might be worth on the Internet. You know… that kind of thing.”
Kate nodded. “And does this student have a name?”
Willow looked down at her clenched hands then chewed her bottom lip. “I really don’t want to get anyone in trouble,” she said slowly, “but her name is Julie Finch.”
“And you think this Julie Finch was the one who took your art work yesterday?”
Willow nodded. “It must be her,” she said solemnly. “She’s the only one who’s shown an interest. In fact,” Willow’s smile brightened, “a friend of mine, Zeke Olman, was there the afternoon she came in and was asking all the questions. I’m sure he’d back up my story.”
“Oh, I’m sure he would,” Kate said easily. “Okay, we’ll check this out.”
Smiling, Willow started to reach for her purse. “So I can go now?”
“Not quite yet,” Kate said easily. “Oh, and I need to see your cell phone.”
Willow jerked back. “What for? Don’t you need a search warrant for that?”
Kate just smiled. “Not when I have probable cause.” She dumped the purse on the table then picked up the phone from the pile of makeup. “I’ll make sure you get a receipt for this.” 
“You can’t take that, that’s my property,” Willow said sharply. All traces of the cooperative teen had vanished. “Give that back to me.” She started to lunge across the table, but Kate merely scooted back. 
“Now, now,” Kate said. “Just relax. I just need to log this into evidence. But I’ll be sure to take good care of it for you. Now, if you’ll excuse me. We’ll get back to you in just a little while.”
Willow glared. “You get my parents in here and get them here now.”
“Oh, I’m sure they’re on their way,” Kate said. “We notified them when we picked you up at school.”
“Then where the hell are they?” Willow snapped. 
“Why, they’re probably in the waiting area. I’ll fill them in when I go out. You just relax here and, as I said, we’ll get back to this in just a little while. I need to check your story so we can straighten things out.”
“You get Zeke Olman and Nicole Atwood,” Willow said. “They’ll verify my story. They’ll tell you Julie Finch was the one who stole my project.”
“So they both knew Julie was interested?”
“That’s what I said,” Willow folded her arms across her chest. “They’ll back up everything I told you.”
“I’ll be sure to ask them, thanks.” Kate said.
“Wait! You can’t expect me to just sit here while you go off and try to do your job,” Willow said indignantly.
“Oh, would you rather wait in a holding cell? I thought you’d be more comfortable in here. Would you like a soda or perhaps coffee while you wait?”
Willow began to relax. “Yeah, get me a Diet Pepsi.”
“Right away,” Kate said evenly. “I’ll be back shortly.”
Mitch was waiting when Kate left the interview room. “Do you want me to pick up this Julie Finch?”
“No, that’s where our little miss just made a huge mistake. I know Julie Finch and if she’s involved with this, well, like Jo says, I’ll eat my left shoe.”
“So you’re not buying the ‘someone stole my art work’ story?”
“Not in this lifetime. I’m going to contact Jo. She told me she’d seen Julie at the pet store so I need to find out which one. While I’m doing that and verifying where Julie was last night, why don’t you go and pick up Zeke and Nicole, the friends that Willow believes will support her story.”
“What are you going to do with her cell phone?”
Kate smiled. “Oh, I think that after we know Julie wasn’t involved, we’ll have Willow’s parents join us in interview and watch a little video. Meanwhile,” she handed the phone to Mitch, “log this into evidence before you go.”
It didn’t take Kate long to get in touch with Jo, find that Julie worked at the Pet Palace and to verify that Julie had been working on the night in question. Satisfied she’d just poked the first hole in Willow’s story, Kate went to get the girl’s parents from the waiting area.
When Kate and Willow’s parents were all back in the interview room with Willow, Mr. Hartman was the first to speak.
“I’m really very concerned with how you’ve handled this, Detective,” he said sharply. “My attorney is going to be hearing about this and if he thinks we should file a complaint against you then you can rest assured that I’ll be doing just that.”
Kate watched the smile grow on Willow’s face. Gone was the shy demure young lady and in her place was someone obviously used to getting her way.
“I understand your concern, Mr. Hartman. But as your attorney will tell you we didn’t need your permission to bring Willow in for questioning. We did, however, as a courtesy, inform you of our actions. Now if we could get down to business I’m sure we can clear all this up to everyone’s satisfaction.”
“I want my cell phone back,” Willow demanded. “Dad she took my cell phone and won’t give it back to me. I want that back now.”
“Oh, you’ll get it back,” Kate said easily. “But first I thought you and your parents would enjoy seeing a little video that you recorded.”
“I don’t understand any of this,” Mrs. Hartman said quietly.
“Then let me explain,” Kate said. “Last night someone, or a group of someones, took Willow’s art project and placed it in the road on Route 27. Now, 27 is primarily a two-lane country road and a good part of it goes through a very rural setting. As you know Willow is quite an artist. She designed a 3D project that gave the illusion that a large crack or sinkhole had developed in the road. When a car approached, the headlights would illuminate her artwork and the driver would think he or she was seeing a huge hole in the road and swerve to avoid hitting it. Is that about right, Willow?”
Mr. Hartman turned to his daughter. “What is she talking about? What art work?” 
Willow gave a bored sigh. “All I know is that I did draw a 3D illustration of a hole in the ground, like the pictures Julian Beever does on the sidewalks in England. It was taken from the art room yesterday without my knowledge and I’ve already told the detective who took it. Other than that, I don’t know what she’s talking about either.”
“Well, you see,” Kate continued, “last night when this picture was placed on the ground, the first vehicle to approach was an ambulance responding to a call from the Shady Oaks Nursing Home. When the driver saw Willow’s picture in the road he naturally swerved to avoid what he thought was a very deep crack in the pavement. There is no shoulder on that portion of the road and the ambulance hit the runoff gully and tipped over. The damage was quite extensive not to mention that both of the EMTs in the ambulance needed to go to the hospital.” 
“Oh, my gosh,” Mrs. Hartman gasped, raising her hand to her lips. “Are they all right?”
“Luckily, yes,” Kate said. “Unfortunately, the response delay of the ambulance resulted in the death of a woman at the nursing home.” 
Mrs. Hartman paled visibly then turned to her daughter. “ Do you know anything about this?”
Willow defiantly shook her head. “Other than the fact that the art work is mine, I have nothing to do with this.”
“Well,” Kate smiled pleasantly, “that’s not exactly true, is it Willow? You see, Julie couldn’t have taken your project.”
“Of course she did,” Willow insisted. “Nicole and Zeke will tell you she did.”
“But they didn’t see her do it did they?” Kate continued.
“Detective, I’m not sure exactly what you’re trying to imply. If my daughter says that she knows who took her project why isn’t that person in here instead of Willow? I mean I’m sure we’re all sorry for the accident and I’m glad the two EMTs were not seriously hurt. But other than the fact that Willow has admitted to drawing this piece, I really don’t see how she’s involved. Question the person who took her work, charge my daughter, or let her go.”
“Well, I did question the person who allegedly took her art work,” Kate said quietly. “And it turns out that Willow and her friends picked the wrong person to try and blame this on. The girl your daughter accused was working last night. Her alibi is solid and confirmed. According to the times that Willow gave me as to when her project was taken, the person she’s accusing couldn’t have taken it. She has a solid alibi.”
“Then someone else took the project,” Mr. Hartman said stubbornly.
“Why don’t we just clear this up,” Kate said taking Willow’s phone from the evidence bag. “I have an interesting video I think you’ll find quite educational.”
Kate turned the phone and cued the video. Willow’s voice was clearly recognized in the background. “Here it comes! Oh my god, look, it’s an ambulance.” The squeal of tires filled the room as Mr. and Mrs. Hartman watched in horror as the ambulance swerved then tipped over on its side with a sickening crash. The recording continued until the first EMT tried to climb out of the wreckage. Willow’s voice sounded again. “This is priceless and look, here comes another car.” Again the sound of squealing tires filled the room then the screen went blank.
Kate set the phone down. “So, Willow, is there something you’d like to tell us?”
Willow squirmed on her chair. “It was all Nicole Atwood’s idea.…” she began.



Chapter Twenty

Kate walked in the door and found Jo still working on her computer. “Don’t tell me you’re still searching for black vans,” she said, giving each of the dogs a rub.
“No, I decided to try and figure out why Danny saved those particular newspaper clippings that we found in his lockbox.”
“You having any success?”
Jo pushed her chair back and stretched. “Actually, I think I might have come up with something. I decided to do a residence search for real-estate purchases and I’ve found two that put Danny in the general area of a particular clipping. This one,” she pulled one from the stack and handed it to Kate, “this one says “Home Invasions on the Up-rise, Police Baffled.” Well, according to the Internet, Danny owned property in the next town. What do you think the chances are that he might have been the one doing the B and E work and these are his souvenirs, if you will, of how he put one over on the police?”
“As theories go, it’s a good one,” Kate said scooping up Midnight. “We know he certainly had the ego to want to keep something like that. If you write up all the matches, I could make some calls, talk to the different municipalities and ask if they have any DNA evidence from the crimes. We could offer to send samples of Danny’s DNA for a comparison and maybe let them close some cases.”
“I can do that. I’ve already started a spreadsheet and I’m filling it in as I go. I thought I’d pay Aggie a visit. Ask about specific places and times to see if I can jog her memory a bit.”
“You going to tell her why you’re doing this?” she asked as Midnight continued to purr.
Jo shook her head. “No, right now she’s turned Danny into a saint who could do no wrong.”
At the signal, Kate reached in her pocket for her phone. Her face grew serious then troubled as she listened but said little.
“Okay what was that about?” Jo asked as Kate set down her phone. “I can tell by your expression that something is wrong.”
“That was Tony,” she said quietly.
“Then why aren’t you smiling?”
Kate gave a sigh. “He was calling with information from Wyoming. The DNA tests are back and it was Christian’s natural mother who took him. According to Tony, the courts have just awarded her custody.”
“Damn,” Jo swore softly. “I mean I’m glad that his natural mother has finally found her child, but this is going to crush Aggie. Losing her husband and her child within days….”
“There’s more,” Kate said slowly. “There is the very real possibility that the officials could bring charges against Aggie for the kidnapping.”
“My god, that woman just can’t get a break.”
“Do you think she’s going to be able to handle this?”
“Well, she’s leaning on Karl a lot but I’m wondering how long he’s going to put up with her Saint Danny attitude.”
“Do you think she and Karl will ever get together? I mean now that the field is clear.”
“I don’t know,” Jo said, moving a stack of papers on the table. “It’s obvious that he really cares for her, but maybe he just cares for her as a friend and nothing more. And as a good friend, he’s protective of her.”
“Time will tell,” Kate said sitting at the table with the cat in her lap.
“And speaking of time, did you catch the news today?”
“Nope, what’s up?”
“A lot. Your accident from last night, the one about the teenage prank of a drawing in the road made the news. The reporter said it caused the death of a resident from the Shady Oaks Nursing Home.”
“That’s stretching it,” Kate said. “The Home did call for an ambulance and because of the accident the response time was terrible. And yes, a woman resident from there did pass away. But what the reporter probably didn’t mention was that the woman was in her early 90’s and in failing health. It’s possible she would have died anyway. Sad, but we’ll never know.”
“What I don’t understand is what caused the accident in the first place. A kid’s drawing in the road seems a little farfetched to me.”
Kate set Midnight down on the floor then got a bottle of water from the refrigerator. “This high school kid, Willow Hartman, is a talent the likes of which I’ve never seen. She took a piece of vinyl and created a 3D illusion of a hole in the road. She said it was modeled after the work of Julian Beever. I looked him up on the Internet and the man is a genius. He does chalk drawings on sidewalks that defy the eye. It’s called the anamorphic style and creates the impression of a three-dimensional scene.” She twisted the top off the bottle. “But our little Willow decides not to work on a sidewalk. Instead, she does her illustration on vinyl, then she and her friends place it on a dark country road. No street-lights, so as a car drives up and the headlights hit this “thing” lying on the road, it looks exactly like the pavement has split open. She even drew a damn possum trying to climb out of the hole. It was a friggin’ masterpiece.”
“And it could actually fool your eye? You, who doesn’t get fooled by anything?”
Kate took a long drink. “It was amazing. That girl has real talent and now she’s going to have a police record to go along with that talent.”
“What’s going to happen to them? You said she was with friends.”
“Yeah, she tried to bluff her way out at first, claimed that someone had stolen the work. She actually blamed Julie Finch for taking it.”
“So that’s why you wanted to know where Julie worked.”
“Mm hmm, we verified that Julie was working the entire time this escapade was going down. Then I took a chance that Willow might have recorded what they did and Jackpot!”
Jo sat back in her chair. “They recorded the accident?”
“Yep. The entire group of them recorded it on each of their cell phones. I must have videos from five different angles. So once Willow admitted in front of her parents that she was not only the artist but also participated in the staging to purposely cause an accident, she sang like a canary. Gave us all the names, most of which we already had from her cell phone activity. We brought them all in and as soon as they realized that one had flipped, they couldn’t sing fast enough. All in all we charged nine kids with culpable negligence and criminal mischief.”
“Wow, you got nine?”
“Yep, once they knew they were stuck they were happy to pull the others in with them. As for what’s next, they’ll probably end up in Teen Court.”
Jo nodded with satisfaction. “That’s justice, I guess.”
“Best we’re going to get,” Kate said, then pointing to the flower arrangement sitting on the table asked, “You ever going to tell me who sent these?”
Jo brightened. “You’ll never guess. Doc Tucker sent these to both of us. Here’s the note.” She handed the small white tag to Kate. “It says ‘Congratulations on a Medal well deserved. With affection, Doc Tucker’.”
“What a nice surprise,” Kate said, leaning in to smell the one of the delicate pink roses. “That man is so sweet.”
“I’m thinking of making some brownies then stopping by after therapy today to thank him.”
“Nice idea. He’ll appreciate that. So what else was earth shattering on the news?”
“Oh, my gosh, I almost forgot. They’re predicting a hurricane.”
Kate sat up with a jolt. “What?”
Jo nodded. “Yeah, a hurricane. Looks to be about three days out. They’re not positive about the path, but most of the models have it getting very close if not crossing over central Florida.”
“Well, Lord knows we desperately need the rain and something to break this heat wave. But a hurricane is a little more than I was hoping for.”
“I don’t think we’re going to have much choice. I’m going to do a double check on supplies later tonight and then run out tomorrow and pick up anything I’m missing. You need anything for your place?”
Kate stood looking distracted. “I’m not sure, I’ll have to go home and check. Now that your shoulder is doing so much better and we have that maniac Wilson in jail, I can probably move back home.”
“Want me to pack for you?”
“Ha ha,” Kate said. “Well, I’ve got to get back. When is your therapy session today?”
“Not until later this afternoon. Afterward, I’ll stop by and see Doc Tucker, then I want to run by Paradise Pets and see if I can bump into Sylvia. I’m still hung up on this bird smuggling.”
“What are you looking for?” Kate paused in the doorway. “What do you think Sylvia can tell you?”
“I don’t know,” Jo said standing and closing her laptop. “But I keep coming back to the facts. Rodriguez was involved in bird smuggling. You have that documented. Then, according to Brett Wilson, Rodriguez set him up. So Wilson gets out of jail and the first thing he does is kill Rodriguez for revenge. That’s documented. Brett tells me he’s decided to take over the smuggling operation himself, but he’s tired of taking orders from someone called the Birdman. And although the Birdman told him that he’d take care of me, Brett doesn’t want to wait and so,” Jo lifted her arm that still wore the cast, “I get kidnapped and shot.”
“Don’t forget tossed off a bridge,” Kate added.
“Yeah, well, luckily it was a very low bridge and you found me in time. So I thought I’d swing by the Pet Store and see if Sylvia has any ideas about who might be smuggling. I mean that would be direct competition for her, so maybe she has a theory or suspicion I could check out.”
“Well, just stay out of trouble.”
“No problem, Boss,” Jo said giving Kate a mock salute.
* * *
Jo pulled into the county office parking lot and out of habit looked for black vans. When she didn’t see any she smiled and climbed out of her car. She found Doc Tucker in his office poring over reports.
“Well, hello, Caz, this is a lovely surprise. What brings you to my neck of the woods?”
Jo walked over and offered the plate of freshly baked brownies. “These are from Kate and me. We wanted to say thank you for the flowers. They’re absolutely gorgeous.”
Doc took the plate and inhaled the rich chocolate aroma. “Well, you girls deserve them and it’s about time someone noticed. And now I’ll say thank you for these,” he sighed. “Brownies are a weakness of mine and you even topped them with pecans.” He peeled back the plastic wrap and looked at Jo expectantly. “Will you join me?” he asked with a twinkle in his eye.
“Nope, they’re all for you.”
“These are homemade,” he said, savoring a bite.
“Just baked them this afternoon. We know how much you like chocolate.”
He chuckled around the mouthful of brownie. “Just don’t tell my wife. Can you stay and visit for a while? I’m actually not too busy right now.”
“No, unfortunately not today. I’m trying to track down information on bird smuggling. Brett Wilson, the guy who shot me, said he was taking over part of an ongoing operation.”
Doc’s expression turned serious. “Well, that was foolish of him.”
“I don’t think he would have said anything, except he didn’t expect me to live so why not boast a little before you do the deed.”
“And thank goodness you did live. How is your shoulder doing? I know the break in your arm will heal all right but I was more concerned about the shoulder when I heard.”
“It’s getting there,” she said, raising her arm to show how far she’d progressed. “A few more weeks of this pain and torture they call therapy and I’ll be almost as good as new.”
“Well, you do those exercises every day like a good girl. We want you back in tiptop shape.”
“You got it. Thanks again for the flowers. Gotta go.” The door opened and Worm walked in. Jo gave him a fleeting smile then looked back at Doc Tucker. “Thanks again, Doc…see you, Willard,” and with a wave she fled the office.
“Why was she here?” Willard asked eyeing the plate of brownies.
“She and Kate sent me a treat,” he picked up the plate and offered. “Would you like one? They’re delicious.”
Willard carefully took a brownie and sampled. “This is quite good,” he said thoughtfully. “But they’d be better if she used some coffee in the mix to enhance the chocolate flavor.”
Doc just shook his head. “You are a trip, Will, an absolute trip.”
Willard licked the chocolate off his fingers and stared at the door. “She seemed in quite a hurry to leave.”
Doc set the plate back down on the far corner of his desk and turned back to his reports. “You know our Caz, she’s off to try and learn more about the man who shot her.”
“I thought he was already in jail.”
“Oh, he is,” Doc replied absently. “But you know Caz, she’s like a dog with a bone. She’s going to worry this bird smuggling stuff to death until she gets some answers.”
“That’s not a good idea,” Willard said flatly. “She could get hurt again.”
“I know,” Doc replied. “But what can a body do. Now speaking of bodies, did you pick up the information we needed from the Shady Oaks Nursing Home?”
Willard pulled the information from a folder he carried. “I just got back.”
* * *
Jo entered the Pet Palace and was surprised to see Julie at the counter. The girl looked miserable, with swollen watery eyes and flushed cheeks.
“Hey, Julie, what’s happening? I didn’t think you’d be working again this afternoon. Didn’t you work yesterday?”
Julie wiped her eyes with a tissue then blew her nose. “Sylvia called and said she had an emergency. She asked if I could come in for an hour or two and I really didn’t want to tell her no.”
“Ah, no offense,” Jo said stepping closer, “but you should be home in bed. Have you seen a doctor yet?”
Julie sat back down on the stool behind the counter. “Not yet. My mom said if I wasn’t better in a few days she’d take me.”
“Honey, does your mom know how sick you are?”
Julie coughed. “She’s been really busy with this charity event she’s working on. And now with the talk of a possible hurricane she’s gone completely nuts.”
“Does anyone else work here besides you and Sylvia?”
“No, it’s just us. That’s why I didn’t want to let her down when she called.”
“I think you should call your mom to come and pick you up,” Jo said. “I’ll stay here until Sylvia gets back.”
Julie’s eyes started to water again. “Jo, it’s so nice of you to offer but I couldn’t do that. If someone came in you wouldn’t be able to help them.”
“Julie, in your condition, if someone came in I’m not sure you’d be able to help them.” Jo thought for a moment. “Okay, how about a compromise. I’ll stay with you until Sylvia gets back then I’ll drive you home.”
“Are you sure you want to let me in your car? I mean I think I have the flu.”
“I just don’t think you should be behind the wheel in your condition.”
“If you really wouldn’t mind, I’d be very grateful for the ride. Then I wouldn’t have to try and find a friend to come and pick me up.”
“It’s settled.” Jo looked around for a place to sit.
“There are some chairs in the back,” Julie said not bothering to stand. “If you go through the back door, Sylvia’s office is on the left. There are some extra chairs in there that you could bring up.”
“You sit tight,” Jo said. “I’ll get a chair and be right back. Do you want some water or anything?”
“No, I’m fine as long as I have the tissues.”
Jo found the office and resisted the urge to look around, but once in the hallway, she couldn’t resist pushing open the storeroom door and glancing inside. Not seeing anything of interest, she closed the door, and carrying a chair, went back up to the front.
“You know,” she said when she was settled on the opposite side of the counter from Julie, “this isn’t flu season. Are a lot of the kids at school sick?”
Julie started to shake her head then thought better of it. “No, I’m the only one who’s caught this crud.” She laid her head on the counter. “I don’t want my mom to think it’s from working too many hours and make me quit. I really like it here. I’ve just picked up a bug from somewhere.”
“Or maybe from something?” Jo said thoughtfully. “You haven’t come in contact with any sick animals have you?”
Julie looked up. “What do you mean?”
“Well, I’ve been doing a lot of research and it seems that humans can catch certain diseases from birds.” She looked down the aviary aisle. “But all these birds look really healthy.”
“A human can get sick from being around sick birds?”
“Yeah, it’s got this weird name, ah, chlamydiosis or something like that.”
“Is it fatal?”
“No, I think in humans it produces flu-like symptoms, which is why I thought of it. So have you come in contact with any sick birds?”
Julie thought of the two parrots in the forbidden room and hesitated. “No, I don’t think so. Would a doctor know how to cure it?”
“I guess,” Jo said watching Julie’s face. “If the doctor knew that you had it, I’m sure they would be able to prescribe the right antibiotic.”
“Then that’s okay,” Julie muttered.
“What did you say?” Jo pressed.
“I’m sure I’ll be okay in a day or two.” Julie made herself sit up straighter and forced a smile. “Did you hear about the fiasco at school,” she asked, desperate to change the subject. “Some of my classmates got arrested.”
“Yeah, Kate was telling me about that.”
“Kate? Do you mean Detective Snow? Do you know her?”
“Mm hmm, she’s a good friend.”
“Wow, it’s a small world.”
They both jumped as a door in the rear of the shop slammed closed. “I think Sylvia is back,” Julie said.
Sylvia bustled up to the front of the store and stopped dead when she saw Jo sitting there. “Jo, what are you doing here?”
“Well, I came in to chat with you but I think your assistant here is in desperate need of her bed, so I decided to stay and keep her company until you got back.”
“I hope that was okay,” Julie said tentatively. “Jo has offered to drive me home.”
Sylvia looked from one to the other then at the chair Jo was sitting on. “Sure, that’s okay. Julie you should have told me you were sick.”
Don’t you have eyes? Jo wondered.
“And ah, Jo, what did you need to speak with me about?”
“Nothing that can’t wait for another time. Right now let me get Julie home.” She took the girl’s arm as Julie walked unsteadily around the counter.
“I don’t think I’ll be in tomorrow,” Julie said. “I’m really sorry to be backing out on you so soon.”
“Getting sick isn’t backing out, isn’t that right, Sylvia,” Jo said pleasantly. “She’s not going to be mad at you for something you couldn’t help. It’s not like you’re ditching work to go to a football game or something.”
“Ah, that’s right,” Sylvia said quickly. “You give me a call when you’re feeling better and we’ll get you back on the schedule.”
“Will you be able to manage without me?” Julie asked. “I mean, I know I haven’t been here long, but please don’t give my job to someone else.”
“Of course she won’t,” Jo said firmly. “Okay, Sylvia, we’re out of here. Julie is taking her germs home and going to bed.”
Jo steered the girl out the door and helped her settle into her car. But as she walked around the car to get in on the driver’s side, a black van pulled out from the alley behind the row of stores. Jo stared and tried to memorize the numbers on the license plate as the van moved slowly through the parking lot. “BRM969” she repeated over and over to herself until she got into the car. Grabbing her bag, she dug for a piece of paper and a pencil. Settling for the back of a grocery receipt she wrote down the number.
“Is everything okay?” Julie asked. 
“Do you know who drives that van?” Jo asked, gesturing to the van just pulling out of the parking lot.
“That big black one?” Julie looked over at it. “It looks like the one that belongs to Sylvia’s supplier. I’ve never met him, but Sylvia was having a meeting with him once and I had to go out back to take the trash out. I’m pretty sure that was the car he parked back there.”
“Very interesting,” Jo said slowly, “very interesting.” Then giving herself a mental shake she started the car. “Let’s get you home. And I want you to promise me you’ll get to the doctor tomorrow. No more waiting a few days to see if you’re better.”
“I promise,” Julie said. Hoping she could remember the name of the disease Jo had mentioned so she could look it up herself when she got home.
* * *
As soon as Jo had deposited Julie at home, she grabbed her phone and called Kate. “I need you to run a license plate for me. I just saw that van again but this time I got a plate number.”
“I can do that but it will have to wait for a little while. We’ve got a problem here. Brett Wilson was just murdered.” 
“What? But he’s in jail.”
“Tell me about it. Everyone over there is going crazy right now trying to figure out what happened.”
“Well, what did happen?” Jo asked slowly. “Do I want to know this?”
“I’ll fill you in when I get home. And I’ll get to your license plate as soon as I have a chance.”
“Later,” Jo said quietly as Kate disconnected. 
Once home, Jo greeted the dogs and began to pace. Who could have gotten to Brett Wilson? Another inmate? A fight over something? Things like that happened in prison, but not in the local jail. Who would have had access to him? She took the dogs out back to toss the balls for them. Was the Birdman afraid of what Brett might say? And if that was the case, was the Birdman going to try and come after her next?
Jo went back in the house and, taking her gun from the nightstand, stood looking around the room. Where could she put the thing? She couldn’t very well stick it in her jeans like they did on TV. “I’d end up shooting my foot,” she said to Bella who just cocked her head and stared. “I know,” Jo said as she began to pace again. “I’m making all of us crazy.” She finally decided that a high shelf on the bookshelf in the living room would provide the best place. 
Back in the kitchen, Jo turned on her laptop. Trying to make herself settle down, she pulled up her emergency hurricane supply list and began to check things off. Immersed in her task she was startled to realize that more than two hours had passed when the phone rang. Going back into the living room to retrieve her phone Jo smiled when she saw Kate’s number. 
“Hey, what’s the word at the jail?” she said.
“Are you worried about something?” was Kate’s reply.
“What are you talking about?” Jo stared at the phone.
“Your hair is sticking out all over like it does when you’re worried and you keep running your fingers through it.”
“What?” 
Kate chuckled. “The nanny cam on the piano.” se teased. I’ve got my laptop on and I’m watching you pace in the living room.”
“You need to get a life, Snow.” The dogs alerted to someone walking up to the door. “Wait, I’ve got company coming.” Jo did a quick peek out the window. “Oh damn, it’s Worm,” she hissed into the phone. “Gotta go.” She didn’t hear Kate’s parting words as the doorbell rang and the dogs started to bark. “Hush, you guys,” she scolded. “It’s okay.”
She pulled open the door. “Hey, Willard, what’s up?”
“I need to come in,” he said brushing past her.
Jo stepped back in surprise. “Is there something wrong? Kate told me about what happened at the jail.”
Willard stopped in the middle of the room and looked around. “I’ve never been in your house before.”
Still standing at the door, Jo watched him. “No, I guess you haven’t. Is there something you need?”
“What kind of dog is that?” he pointed to Bella who had climbed onto the sofa and was now sitting at attention.
“Her name is Bella and she’s a shepherd. The Jack Russell here in the corner is Blitz.” Midnight sauntered in from the kitchen and stopped dead when she saw a strange man standing in the middle of the room. “But I can’t imagine that you came over here to ask about my pets,” she said. “So what do you need?”
“You shouldn’t let the dog get on the sofa like that,” he said dismissively. “Her nails will ruin the fabric.”
“Well, here we all live together.” Now her voice carried a hint of displeasure.
“It’s a mistake to let animals rule the home,” he continued primly. “You need to teach them who’s in charge. And you really should do something with your hair. It’s very unflattering sticking out like that.”
“Willard,” Jo said losing patience, “what my hair looks like is none of your business, and my animals know who’s in charge. What I don’t know is why you’re here.”
“You need to shut the door,” he said turning back to her. “You’re letting all that hot air in.”
Jo shut the door only because he was right; the heat was rolling into the room. “Willard, I don’t mean to be rude, but I’m really busy right now. So if you need something let me know, then you have to go.” She walked back into the room. “Now what has brought you here?”
He shook his head as he stared at her. “I just don’t understand you,” he said flatly. “I’ve asked you out a number of times but you always say no. That’s a very inconsiderate way to act in a relationship.”
Jo reached down and scooped up the cat. Midnight’s purr helped to calm her nerves, which were starting to sound alarm bells. “Willard, the only relationship you and I have together is that we’re professional colleagues. Now I think you’d better leave and we’ll just forget this conversation ever happened.”
He glanced around the room again. “You’re decorating could use some improvement, but we can probably fix that.”
“Willard, we are not fixing anything, and I want you to leave now.”
Willard just gave a tired sigh. “You make things so difficult when they don’t have to be that way.”
“Okay, I’m through being nice. I want you out of my house, now.”
“Oh, I don’t think so.”
Jo stopped her forward motion when she saw the gun he now held. “What the fuck?”
“You shouldn’t swear, Jo, it’s not very ladylike.”
“What the hell do you think you’re doing?” she started to take a step back but he only had to gesture with the gun to make her stop.
“You just wouldn’t leave things alone. You had to dig deeper.” He shook his head with a weary gesture.
Jo stared at him in confusion. “Willard, what are you talking about?”
“Don’t play dumb, Jo, it’s beneath you. I know you saw my van at the Pet Store today.”
Now she gasped. “That was you?”
“I said, don’t play dumb,” he snapped. “And if you think I’m going to let our relationship interfere with my business, then you overestimate your worth to me.”
“Willard, I’m having a little trouble keeping up here. What business are you talking about? Are you connected to Sylvia’s pet store?”
His face darkened in anger. “I can’t stand it when you act stupid. I know you saw me. Doc told me you were digging into the bird trade. What do you take me for, Jo? Did you think I was going to sit back and just let you ruin something that’s taken me more than three years to cultivate?”
“You were working for Rodriguez?” She tried to keep her voice steady.
“Oh, that’s a laugh. Rodriguez was too dumb to put together an operation like this. He nearly got caught a half dozen times. I had to set up Wilson to take the heat off of him. If he hadn’t known so much, had so many contacts, I would have cut him loose a long time ago. No, Rodriguez worked for me.”
Staggered by what she was hearing, Jo could only stare in confusion. “But Brett Wilson said….”
“Wilson did me a favor when he eliminated Rodriguez. But then Wilson decided he wanted, no deserved, can you believe that, he actually told me he deserved a bigger share for eliminating Rodriguez. Just when I think I’ve got someone with some brains for a change, he tells me the kill wasn’t clean, that you, of all people, could recognize and identify him.”
“You’re the Birdman,” she said softly. 
He rolled his eyes. “It took you long enough, but I knew eventually you’d figure it out and I couldn’t let that happen.”
“Kate told me that Wilson was murdered today,” she said quietly as her mind began to race.
“Murdered is such a harsh term. I prefer to think of it as eliminating a potential problem.”
“You had him killed?” she gasped, wondering if there was any end to this madness.
“You should know me well enough to know that I would never let someone like Wilson put my operation in jeopardy. I organize, I plan, and I take care of details. That’s what makes me so good at what I do. I told him I’d take care of you but he couldn’t wait. Had to do things his way and look where it got him. You’re still alive and he’s dead.”
“Willard, I just don’t understand any of this. You have a job that you’re great at.”
“Bah, I have a goddamned county job that pays me peanuts. I’m more talented and educated than Doc Tucker, but who is the assistant? It’s an insult to my intelligence. Just because he knows a few more people and socializes with the mayor, he’s picked to be the chief medical examiner and I’m supposed to be his little helper. Do the work Willard, but don’t get in the limelight. The man couldn’t find his way around an autopsy if it wasn’t for me.”
“So what are you going to do now?” Despite her resolve her voice started to tremble.
“Well as much as I hate to do this, you must be eliminated also. But you don’t need to worry; I won’t miss like Wilson did. I’m quite a good shot. You should die instantly with no pain at all.”
“That’s really thoughtful but I don’t think I like that plan,” Jo’s voice took on a hard edge. “How do you think you’re going to get away with this? Kate will never stop until she finds you.”
He tipped his head from side-to-side as if considering. “It’s going to look like a home invasion gone terribly wrong. In fact I’m probably going to be the one to find your body. And I’ll be so grief stricken.”
“I think not-- Bella, Blitz!” Jo yelled tossing Midnight at Willard. 
What happened next could only be described as bedlam. Blitz streaked out from his corner by the door and sank his teeth into Willard’s calf even as Bella lunged from the sofa knocking the man completely off his feet. Struggling to avoid Bella’s snapping jaws and Midnight’s claws, his gunshot hit the ceiling. The distraction was all Jo needed. Her foot found his family jewels and as he screamed in agony from both the cat’s claws on his face and Jo’s foot in his crotch, his gun went flying across the floor.
Bella stood on his chest and growled ominously as he writhed on the floor. Jo grabbed her own gun from the bookshelf then froze as the front door swung open and Kate and Mitch both charged in with guns drawn.
“Bella, Blitz, come.” Jo called as she lowered her gun. Kneeling down she pulled each dog into a tight hug. Midnight primly walked off the writhing man, swished over to sit beside Kate, and began washing her paws. “If you’re the Calvary,” Jo said calmly, “then you’re late.”
Kate reached down and jerked Willard’s arms behind his back. “You’re under arrest for the murder of Brett Wilson, and the attempted murder of Jo Cazimer.”
“I don’t’ know what you’re talking about,” Willard struggled to stand upright despite the pain radiating from his groin. “Those dogs attacked me. I want to press charges. They need to be put down.”
Kate laughed right out loud. “Willard, the only thing that’s going to be put down is you.” She turned to Mitch, “Get that scum out of here.”
With the help of two other officers, Mitch walked the stuttering Willard from the house. “I’m going to press charges,” he continued to yell. “You haven’t heard the last of this.”
“The man is delusional,” Jo said flopping down on the sofa with a dog on each side. “If he’s going to try for an insanity plea he’s got a good shot at it. He actually thought we had some type of relationship. But I give up, how did you know he was here?”
“Two things, actually,” Kate said picking Midnight up off the floor to give her a cuddle. “One, the license plate you gave me is registered to him, but more so…” she pointed to the camera sitting on the piano, “you and I were talking when he rang the bell. The camera caught his complete confession.”
“Well, I’ll be damned,” Jo said softly.
“Nope,” Kate smiled, “luckily this time you won’t.”



Epilogue

Jo finished unpacking her hurricane supplies when Kate walked into the kitchen. “I put your stuff over there,” she gestured to the far side of the table. “How did things go?”
“Willard’s charges just keep racking up. We’ve got him for arranging Brett’s murder and his threat against you. Then following your tip that Julie might have come in contact with contaminated birds, we contacted the Customs officials and they brought in a Fish and Wildlife team. They raided Sylvia’s Pet Palace and found two parrots for which she could not produce papers. Both birds have been put into quarantine as they appear to be ill, and Sylvia was arrested for receiving smuggled livestock. Then we went to Worm’s house and you wouldn’t believe what we found.” Lightning flashed and ominous thunder rumbled through the sky. “It looks like we’re going to get a preview before the hurricane even gets here,” Kate said looking out the window. “The wind’s really picking up out there. I want to get my suitcases in the car before the sky opens.”
“Hey, wait a minute. I’ll help you with the cases but first tell me the rest of the story. What happened at Worm’s house? Were you able to get a search warrant?”
“When we got there and were waiting for the warrant to come through, Mitch walks around back and finds a heavy duty extension cord running from a shed in the back yard to the house. So he calls a buddy of his who just happens to be a building inspector. A building inspector doesn’t need a search warrant to open a shed when the building code violation is evident. And low and behold it’s full of birds. There were more than two dozen.”
“All parrots?”
“No, some were identified as Asian song birds. It was amazing. The Custom official estimated that there was over a hundred thousand dollars worth of live merchandise in that shed.”
“So what’s going to happen to Willard the Worm now?”
“Well, for the smuggling alone he could face up to 20 years in prison, but when you add the charges of murder and attempted murder, I’d say it will be a long time if not never before he gets out.”
“And what about Sylvia’s store and all the animals there?”
“That I couldn’t tell you,” Kate said putting her supplies into a cloth grocery sack. “All I know is, it’s not our problem.”
“Poor Julie is going to be out of a job,” Jo said. “Did you question her?”
“Yes, I had to follow up on everyone who worked in the store. She admitted that Sylvia had told her not to go in the room, said it contained her private things. But curiosity got the better of her and she went in one afternoon when Sylvia wasn’t there. She felt sorry for the parrots and gave them fresh water. She didn’t know they were sick or that Sylvia didn’t have papers for them. She thought they were kept separate because they were so expensive.”
“That poor kid was really sick. Was she doing any better when you saw her?”
“Yeah, her mom got her to the doctor’s right after you brought her home. Twenty-four hours on antibiotics made a real difference. She’s going to be fine.”
Lightning flashed again and the lights flickered. “I’ve got to get home before this gets worse,” Kate said picking up her bag. “Are you going to be all right with the dogs during the storm?”
“Yeah, we’ll be fine. I’ve checked the generator so if the electricity does go out, I’m covered.”
They walked into the living room and Kate scooped up Midnight and reached for her travel case. Lightning flashed and a crack of thunder was so loud that the entire house shook. Kate dropped Midnight as the cat screamed and darted from the room with Bella and Blitz close on her heels. Before she could catch her breath, her phone rang. 
Trying to still her beating heart, Jo walked to the front window and looked out. She turned back to Kate with a look of disbelief on her face. “Ah Kate, we have a little problem.”
Kate looked up from her phone. “I’ll say.”
“No, I don’t think you understand. That last flash of lightning that shook the house…it hit the palm tree in the front yard.”
Kate rushed over to the window to look out. The huge palm, that once stood in sentry on the corner of the property, was now uprooted and lying across the driveway.
“The good news is that it doesn’t look like it hit your car,” Jo said pulling open the front door to go and check, then immediately pushing it shut as wind and rain forced their way in.
“That’s not our only problem,” Kate said quietly. “That was Doc Tucker on the phone. The art teacher from the high school is dead. When she didn’t show up for work yesterday, one of the teachers went to her apartment and found her.”
“Damn, that’s horrible. Had she been sick?”
Kate shook her head slowly, “She was poisoned,” Kate sank down on the sofa. “She was poisoned with ricin, the same poison that was used to kill Diana Harkins,” Kate took a breath. “Do you realize what this means?” At Jo’s silence she continued. “It means we have a serial killer.”

To be continued…

Watch for the second book in the Florida Heat Series coming soon.

Until then…

The hurricane had passed leaving in its wake death and destruction. Roofs were gone and thousands were still without power. But for Probation Officer Jo Cazimer and Detective Kate Snow it wasn’t the hurricane they thought about as they stood in the light rain and watched the coffin being lowered into the ground. Someone was killing teachers, and it wasn’t Mother Nature. 

Go to http://www.rainykirkland.com to learn when the next book in the Florida Heat series will be released.



Booklist
Colonial Historicals

Bewitching Kisses
Silver Flames
Falcon’s Curse

Mystery/Suspense

Florida Heat
