

THE GOSTYNIN SHUL

Kris Langman

Copyright 2011 by Kris Langman

Smashwords Edition


The Gostynin Shul
Copyright © 2011 by Kris Langman
ISBN:  978-0-9820927-1-2   


Post Hoc Publishing
Boston, MA  02116
Email:  posthocpub@verizon.net
Website:  www.posthocpub.com


Printed in the United States.  All rights reserved.  No part of this book may be reproduced without permission of the author except for the inclusion of brief quotations in a review.  All characters in this work are fictitious. Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead, is purely coincidental.



Chapter One


One of the few advantages to being blind is that you can't see yourself aging.  
The mental image I have of my face is stuck at age thirty-seven, when I lost my eyesight courtesy of a speeding Boston cab driver.
Five years later my injuries have healed.  I have a scar running from my hairline, across my nose, and into my left ear, a souvenir of the cab’s windshield.  When I run my finger along the scar it feels like a thin strip of orange peel stuck to my face.  Friends tell me the scar has faded over the years, but still, I’m relieved I’ve never seen it.  Just as I’m relieved I’ve never seen all the grey hairs I’m sure I’ve sprouted.  Five years ago my hair was a glossy, nearly black shade which I inherited from my Lithuanian Jewish grandmother.  Witch's hair, they used to call it on the playground.  These days my hairdresser makes an occasional hint about covering the grey, but I figure, why spend all that time and money on something I can't see?  
So, over the years I’ve adjusted to being blind.  As anyone in my situation will tell you, adjusting is pretty much your only option.  And no, you don’t suddenly acquire super-sensitive hearing.  You just notice sounds more.  Sounds and smells.  The visual has been cancelled out, so what’s left has more impact.  I’m one of the lucky ones.  I wasn’t born blind, so I have memories of places and faces.  Everything is five years out of date, but I still live and work in Boston, the same city I grew up in, so I have a mental map of streets and stairs, hallways and rooms.  I also have my beloved guide dog, Delilah, to help me navigate the unexpected.



“Ouch!  Damn it, Delilah!”  I rubbed my shin, which throbbed from its violent encounter with a chair leg.  Echoes of the collision reverberated around the marble walls of the lobby.  Delilah licked my hand and fanned my knees with her wagging tail.  Delilah expertly keeps me safe while crossing the street, but indoors she leads me straight into furniture, people, and potted plants with gleeful abandon.
“Ma’am, are you okay?”
I felt a touch on my forearm and caught a whiff of Chanel Number 5.  An older woman’s perfume.
“Yes, I’m fine.  Thanks.”  I aimed a smile in the direction of her voice.  “My dog’s just trying to kill me.  She knows she’s in the will.  A yearly annuity and all the sirloin she can eat.  All she gets now is dry kibble.”
The woman laughed, overdoing it a bit.  “Do you know your way around?  The Archives can be confusing.  I just started as a docent here.  If you tell me where you’re headed I can take you there.”
“Thanks, but I’m fine.  I’ve worked here for years.”
“Oh.”  I felt thin fingers awkwardly grasp my hand and give it a delicate shake.   “Well, it's a pleasure to meet you.  I'm Pamela Whitman.  But my friends call me Pam.”  
“Nice to meet you, too.  I'm Joanna Adelman.”
“Oh yes.  Of course.  Dr. Adelman.  The other docents told me we had a handicapped . . . I mean, they told me about you.”
The awkward pause practically roared with the sound of her blushing.  I knew I should have said something to put her at ease, but I hated being called handicapped.  So I let her swing.
“And this must be Delilah,” she said with the overly bright tones of the deeply embarrassed.  "What a lovely girl you are.  Is it okay if I . . .? ”
“Sure, go ahead.  Pet away.  She's a sucker for attention. ”
“I just wasn't sure.  Since she's a working animal, I mean.  I know you're not supposed to disturb them when they're on duty.  Just yesterday, as I was crossing Boston Common, I stopped to admire a police horse.  I was about to give it a little pat on the nose when the officer sitting in the saddle warned me off in no uncertain terms. He was quite rude, actually.”
“Well, you can pet Delilah anytime you want.  Except when she's eating.  She's very protective of her food. ”
“Aren't we all.”  She gave another little tinkling laugh that sounded like Christmas ornaments shattering.  “Well, you don't want to stand here chatting with me all day.  I’ll just let you be on your way.”  Her heels clicked on the marble floor, fading away into the background noise.  
She was a Helper, no doubt about it.  Helpers love to guide me across the street.  To lead me around obstacles.  To tell me how brave I am while they have my arm tucked under theirs in a friendly trap.  Helpers make me nervous.  I prefer Hesitaters.  Hesitaters do exactly that:  they hesitate.  Should I help the poor blind lady?  Will she think I’m being rude?  Probably she can manage just fine on her own and I shouldn’t bother her.  I can always tell a Hesitater by the throat-clearing.  They’ll stand next to me on a street corner and make non-committal noises to get my attention.  Or they'll make a generic remark about the weather to no one in particular.  Then they leave it up to me to ask for help.  Which I rarely do.  I can manage on my own just fine, thank you very much.  
Managing life on my own is something I’ve always considered non-negotiable.  I have no respect for people who refuse to cope with life and who expect other people to provide for them.  Yes, I had a bit of a breakdown after the accident, when my world suddenly went dark, but I pulled myself together.  In three months I was back at work, awkwardly resuming my research with my rudimentary Braille skills and the help of a cadre of interns, who read manuscripts out loud to me.
I continued down the south corridor toward my office.  The sound of my footsteps lessened as we left the echoing, high-ceilinged lobby.  Delilah huffed along in front of me, snuffling at the smells coming from the Dearborn room, where morning tea and pastries were being served to a group of donors to the Archives.  I’d never been to a meeting in the Dearborn.  It was reserved for those able and willing to cough up large cash donations.  Employees like myself drank our coffee and ate our bag lunches in the break room in the basement.
As we passed the open door of the Dearborn another smell mingled with the aroma of Earl Grey.
“Oh jeez, Delilah.”  I put a hand over my nose.  Delilah was a highly-trained guide dog.  She had a non-flappable personality, excellent reflexes, better communication skills than most humans . . . and a very temperamental stomach.  After a big meal she could produce more methane gas than a herd of cows.  And in a moment of insanity I'd added the remains of last night's chili dinner to her usual breakfast kibble.  I hurried her past the scene of the crime and held my breath until we'd pushed through the swinging doors of the manuscripts room.
Delilah’s toenails pattered along the tile floor like tiny castanets.  The manuscripts room was my favorite room in the building.  It was wonderfully quiet and it smelled like history.  The most valuable items in our collection were stored in a climate-controlled vault in the basement, but when researchers requested that documents be brought up from the vault the documents left lingering traces in the air.  The calf-skin vellum of Civil War conscription lists gave off a hint of nutmeg, and the gilded-age business contracts added a smoky scent of oak-paneled boardrooms lit by oil lamps.  The Archives was more formally known as The Boston Archive and Research Library.  It held some of the nation’s most important documents, including the world’s largest collection of letters by Samuel Adams and a first draft of Thomas Paine’s Common Sense.  I’d worked at the Archives for ten years, but I still got a thrill every time I walked into the manuscripts room.  To a historian this was sacred ground.  
As we reached the row of offices which were tucked away down a narrow hallway off the manuscripts room Delilah sneezed.  Musty documents meant history to me.  To her they just meant dust motes.  I felt the leather handle of her harness shake as Delilah shook her head to clear her nose.  
"Am I going to have to start feeding you allergy medication, you silly dog?"  I reached down and ruffled her thick fur.  "Isn't it enough that I have to put Beano in your food every night to prevent lethal gas leaks?"
Delilah gave a cheerful bark and led me face first into a potted ficus tree.



I picked a leaf out of my hair and unlocked the door to my office.  The Archives had been built in 1860 in a blocky, fortress-like style out of Quincy granite.  The building’s turrets and crenellations looked like they belonged on a craggy peak in the Scottish highlands.  I had a small room on the ground floor of one of the towers.  The room’s interior didn't match its impressive exterior.  It had a leaky ceiling, plasterboard walls streaked with rust from iron heating pipes, and the occasional squeak of a mouse from behind the wainscoting.  But it was quiet and it had a large window which let in a pool of sunshine in the mornings for Delilah to bask in.
Delilah stood patiently while I unhooked her harness.  When she was free I heard her take a slurp from her water bowl before she settled on the tattered quilt which covered her dog bed.  The air in the room was cold.  I felt along the wall for the temperature control and turned it up a few notches until the rusty iron radiator below the window sputtered and hissed to life.
The warm air rising from the radiator caused a print tacked onto the wall to flap gently.  I reached up and pushed a loose thumbtack into the plasterboard.  The print was John Singer Sargent’s El Jaleo.  The painting was a favorite of mine.  It depicted a Spanish flamenco dancer twirling in a dark cellar lit by an unseen and demonic light.  The light appeared to be battling with shadows ready to engulf the dancer the moment her feet stilled.  The whole painting was suffused with the tension of the battle.  Which would win, the light or the shadows?  Either seemed possible.  When I was still sighted I used to go and visit the painting frequently.  It hung in the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum in Boston’s Fenway district.  I had bought the print as a souvenir in the museum gift shop.  I'd hung it in my office nearly ten years ago and undoubtedly its colors were fading as rapidly as my memory of the original.  It had been five years since I’d seen favorite paintings, beloved faces, familiar objects.  Every once in a while something would startle me as it leapt into my mind with every visual detail intact, like a sudden glimpse of an alternate universe, but those moments were getting rarer.  All my visual memories were growing faded and fuzzy around the edges.  The major signposts were still there, but the details of my past were being swallowed by the ever-present darkness.
I sighed and reached down to give Delilah a pat.  She licked my hand and whapped her tail against the side of her dog bed, reminding me that love and affection could exist even in the dark.  I edged around her bed and went to the window, leaning my elbows against the sill and feeling the weak March sunshine on my face.  I touched my forehead to the cold glass, experiencing a sudden desire to see the hawthorn tree I knew was planted just outside.  It had been a seedling five years ago.  Now it must be taller than I was.  
I’d been blind for so many years that I was used to it.  Well, maybe resigned was more accurate.  But even now, so many years later, I would sometimes keep my eyes tightly shut after waking up in the morning.  Some tiny, perverse part of my brain was sure that the darkness was only due to closed eyelids - that when I opened my eyes I’d see the sunlight streaming into the room.  Everyone faces that kind of moment at least once in their life – a desire to live life entirely in self-delusion.  It's a choice between living in your head and living in the world.  But if you choose the former the only thing you experience will be yourself, and, apologies to Walt Whitman, you do not contain multitudes.  
My frustration and denial had been most intense in the first months after the accident.  After struggling with the anguish by myself for much too long, I had finally agreed to see a therapist.  One of the surgeons who put me back together after the accident recommended a psychiatrist he knew.  A specialist in post-traumatic stress disorder who used hypnosis and meditation.  I’d been warned that the psychiatrist had a fondness for Buddhism, but that didn’t bother me, as long as he didn’t start rambling on about reincarnation and past lives, and how my aura predicted my rebirth as a horned toad.
The smell of incense wafting from his office was the first clue that I should have been choosier about picking a therapist.  I should have left his office then and there, but I hadn’t wanted to be rude.  He had started me on deep breathing exercises, which were pretty standard, and even helpful, so I stuck with him for a few sessions.  But it was karma which did us in.



Him:  “You realize, of course, that your karma has caused your blindness.”
Me:  “Pardon?”
Him:  “You did something truly terrible in a past life, and blindness is just the result of reaping what you’ve sown.”
Me:  “What!?”
Him:  “You’ve brought this on yourself.”

I walked out and never again set foot in a therapist’s office.



I shuddered at the memory and walked away from the window and its reminders of the outside world.  Time to get to work.  I sat down at my desk and was feeling the Braille tabs on a stack of folders when it happened.  I let out a cry of pain.  A wet stream of blood flowed down my palm.  Delilah scrambled out of her bed, sniffed urgently at my leg, and then darted out of the office, barking loudly.
I was afraid to move, not sure what I’d cut myself on, or where on the desk it was located.
Delilah’s barks got farther away.  Had she left the manuscript room?  Normally she didn’t like the room’s swinging doors, and would wait for me to push them open, but in an emergency she might go through them.  
I stood up and took a few cautious steps backward away from the desk, raising my hand over my head to slow the bleeding.  The blood trickled down my arm and under the sleeve of my dress.  I was starting to feel woozy when footsteps pounded down the hall and Delilah rushed up to me, pressing against my knees and keening.
I felt a callused hand gently take my arm.  “Dr. Adelman?  It's me.  Ezzy.  What happened?”
It was Ezekiel Johnson, a semi-retired security guard who'd worked at the Archives for ages.
"I cut my hand on something.  It was on my desk."  I felt Ezzy put his hand on my back and propel me towards the office door.
“Dr. Adelman, I need to get you to the hospital.  You look like you’re starring in one of them horror films.  Here, grab onto these.”  
I winced as he laid a wad of Kleenex in my palm and wrapped my fingers around it.  “Ezzy, what was it?  It felt like a knife.”
“No, it weren’t no knife.  It’s that piece of glass you have mounted in a block of wood.  Crazy thing to do with a piece of glass, I always thought.  And look what’s come of it.”
 “But, I keep that way up on the top shelf, over the window.  I’d never put it on my desk.”
“Well, it’s there now.  And covered in blood.”


*	*	*	*	


“Delilah! Stop it!”  I reached down and put a restraining hand on her head.  She stopped growling, but I could feel her quivering.  I shifted on the paper-covered examining table and turned toward Phillipa Henderson, my closest friend at work.  Ezzy had called her from a payphone at the hospital.  “What is she growling at?”
“Golden Boy,” said Phillipa, holding my uninjured hand while the doctor swabbed the cut on my palm with alcohol.  “He’s coming this way.”
“Damn,” I muttered.  
Phillipa clucked her tongue.  “Don’t be such an old grouch.  Believe me, if you could see the boy you wouldn’t dislike him so much.  He’s adorable.  All those golden curls, not to mention those swimmer’s shoulders.  I could just eat him with a spoon.”
“You’re old enough to be his mother,” I said, wincing as the doctor jabbed a needle full of lidocaine into my hand.
“Maybe.  But I’m not too old to look.  Besides, toy boys are in style these days.”
“Hello, Dr. Henderson.  Hello, Joanna.”  The scent of Axe cologne wafted toward me like the smell of stale adolescence.
I sighed in exasperation.  A boy of twenty-three should not be calling me Joanna.  He should be calling me Dr. Adelman, like the rest of the Archive’s interns did.  I suspected he called me by my first name because he knew I didn’t like it.  His real name was Brandon.  He was slowly working his way to a degree in American history at Boston University while gracing us with his presence at the Archives three afternoons a week.    
“What are you doing here Brandon?”
“I saw Ezzy taking you out the side door of the building.  You had blood all over your arm, so I followed you here.  Natural human curiosity.  So, what happened?  Stab yourself again?  Maybe we should get you some nice plastic cutlery.”
Brandon had once seen me nick my finger with a knife while eating lunch in the Archives break room.  It was typical of him that he'd remembered it.  He was one of those people who diligently collected the weaknesses of others.  Anything which could be used against them later.
A sudden clash of glass against metal caused Delilah to jerk under my hand.
“Sir, leave those alone,” snapped the doctor, the melodic sing-song tone of his Indian accent making an odd contrast to his irritation.  “They’re sterile instruments.  You’re going to contaminate them.  The patient already has a friend here, so I don’t see why you need to be here.”
Phillipa cleared her throat.  She didn’t say anything, but I knew she wanted to tell the doctor to tread carefully.  Brandon had a notorious temper, and was prone to throwing things when crossed.  He’d once thrown a rare seventeenth century diary at Roger Davenport, the Archives director, resulting in considerable damage both to the diary and to the director’s nose.  Brandon was hard to rein in, because he knew he could get away with pretty much whatever he wanted.  His mother was Catherine Lowell, chairman of the board of the Archives, and one of the Mayflower Lowells.  As in, we came over on the Mayflower and founded this great country, acquiring immense wealth in the process.  So don’t mess with us.
Despite Phillipa’s descriptions of his blond curls, athletic physique, and overall bratty gorgeousness, my mental picture of Brandon was fuzzy due to the fact that he was an After.  As in, I met him after I went blind, so I’d never actually seen him.  The pictures I drew in my mind of Afters were always a mishmash of verbal descriptions from other people combined with memories of TV and movie actors.  My mental image of Brandon consisted of the face of a male model I’d once seen in a Gucci ad years ago, pasted on top an Olympic swimmer’s body, and topped off with a blond wig.
People like Phillipa, who I’d known for ten years, were Befores.  I’d met them before the accident, so I knew what they looked like, or at least what they used to look like.  All Befores, like the memory of my own face, were frozen in time, their image fixed at five years ago.  Every so often I’d try updating my mental image of old friends like Phillipa: sticking on gray hairs, drawing wrinkles on familiar faces, but the results always seemed like badly retouched photographs.
Five years ago Phillipa had been a striking woman, with the strong nose, high-cheekbones, and broad shoulders of her Ghanaian heritage.  Her elaborate cornrows had just started to go gray the last time I’d seen her, so I suspected she now looked her age, which was fifty-one.  She was nearly six feet tall, with an aggressive personality, and I’d been intimidated by her when we first met.  She’d seemed more alive, more full-blooded than my pale, anemic self.  She had the office next to mine, and we’d gradually started up a friendship, due in part to the fact that both of our specialties were underappreciated backwaters at the Archives.  Mine was Jewish history in Boston, and hers was the history of the African-Americans who’d settled the north slope of Boston’s Beacon Hill.  Jews and blacks got small mention in the acres of books written about Boston’s history, dominated as the city was first by puritans from England, and then by massive waves of Irish and Italian immigrants.  Phillipa’s specialty got a bit of publicity now and then due to the fact that part of the underground railroad had passed through Boston, shepherding runaway slaves up north to Canada, but my own study of the tiny community of Jews who’d come here from eastern Europe was ignored by pretty much everybody.  Occasionally I’d get a visitor from the Vilna Shul, the last remaining synagogue on Beacon Hill, with a request to trace a long-lost ancestor, but mainly my work consisted of translating nineteenth-century Yiddish documents into English.
“The Lowell Wing,” said Brandon suddenly, as if answering a question only he had heard.  
“Pardon?” asked the doctor, pausing mid-stitch while I gritted my teeth and tried to hold my hand still.
“The Lowell Wing.  Right down that hallway there by the nurses’ station.  State of the art oncology lab, one-hundred bed intensive care unit.”
“Yes, I’m familiar with it,” said the confused doctor.
“My grandfather built it.  Caleb T. Lowell, the Third. Donated fifty million dollars, hand-picked the architect, oversaw the construction himself."
“I see,” was all the doctor said as he resumed stitching my hand.  
I gave him credit for not fawning over Brandon, as I’m sure more than one of his colleagues at the hospital would have done, but he didn’t kick Brandon out of the emergency room either.
"Does it hurt when the needle goes in?" Brandon asked.
"No, the lidocaine . . . " began the doctor, but Brandon cut him off.
"I was asking Joanna.  So, does it hurt?"
I grimaced, repelled at the hopeful tone in his voice.  "No.  It doesn't."  This wasn't strictly true.  There wasn't much actual pain, but I could feel the tug on my skin each time the needle was pushed in and pulled out.  Having my skin treated like a piece of embroidery was uncomfortable, to say the least.  I didn't want spectators.  "Don't you have studying to do, Brandon?"
"Nope.  I got a new roommate this term, and he's always short of cash.  I pay him ten bucks an hour to do it for me."
Phillipa let go of my uninjured hand.  "Okay.  Enough's enough.  C'mon, honey.  Why don't we give the doctor room to do his job.  I'll buy you a cup of coffee and a bagel in the cafeteria.  Let's see if your granddaddy spent any money on the food in this place."
If it had been anyone else Brandon would have resisted, but even he was a bit afraid of Phillipa.  Their footsteps faded away and I felt Delilah relax under my hand.  She was always tense around Brandon, but I couldn't tell if it was an instinctive dislike of her own, or if she was just mirroring my emotions.  I wrinkled my nose as the sharp scent of alcohol cut through the emergency room's background smells of sweat, blood, and industrial floor cleaner.
"This will sting a bit," said the doctor.  "You have a few smaller cuts which don't need stitches.  I'm just going to clean them up.  So, how did this happen anyway?"
"I cut myself on a piece of glass."
"A piece of glass?  You mean like a broken window?"
"Sort of.  It was a piece of glass from the windshield of a cab."
"Oh.  You were in a car accident."
"Yes, five years ago."
"Pardon?"  The doctor's gloved fingers stopped swabbing my hand.
"Five years ago I was hit by a cab while crossing the street.  The driver was speeding and lost control.  I was thrown up onto the hood of the cab.  It crashed into a parked car and the windshield shattered.  A piece of glass sliced across my face."
"I'm sorry," said the doctor.  "It must be hard, living without sight.  I'm not sure I could do it."
"You learn to cope," I said, feeling my face become rigid with the fake smile I employed on these occasions.
"But, what does a car accident five years ago have to do with this cut on your hand?  If you've been bleeding like this for five years I'm going to have to report you to the Red Cross.  They'll be thrilled.  They'll be able to scrap half their Bloodmobiles."
I chuckled.  "No.  I saved a piece of glass from the accident.  I had to beg the police department for it.  They didn't understand, but I wanted to keep it as a reminder."
"A reminder of what?"
"Of survival.  Anyway, I had it glued onto a piece of wood.  I keep it on a shelf above the window in my office.  Out of reach so no one will cut themselves on it.  But somehow it ended up on my desk this morning."
“Do you think it was deliberate?" asked the doctor.
"Deliberate?  You mean someone wanted me to cut myself?” I asked, surprised.  The idea hadn’t occurred to me, but now that it had entered my mind it started to take root.  The only people with access to my office were people who worked at the Archives.  Colleagues.  The horror of the idea made me shudder.  I tried to shake it off.  “No, I'm sure it was just a careless mistake.  The janitorial staff probably felt it was time to dust the shelves in my office, and they forgot to put everything back."
"I suppose that's the most likely explanation,” said the doctor.  “Still, if I were you I'd ask the janitor if he really did dust your office.”


*	*	*	*


I had the nightmare that night.  It was always the same.  I stood in the middle of a dark, unfurnished room.  On each wall was a painting.  The same painting.  Arshile Gorky’s The Liver Is the Cock's Comb.  I had seen it at Boston’s Museum of Fine Arts the day before the accident.  It had been part of an exhibit on Abstract Expressionism.  The exhibit had been overflowing with works by Jackson Pollock, Willem de Kooning, and Mark Rothko, but for some reason the Gorky painting had dug a hole in my subconscious.  It was abstract, but parts of it were figurative enough that you could imagine it depicted bloody, butchered animals, if you were in a gory mood.  Gorky had been badly injured in a car accident not long after finishing the painting.
The painting had flashed into my mind just as the cab hit me, and it stayed lodged in my brain all through the endless days and nights in the hospital.  It overrode other memories, other visual images that might have helped with the pain and the unfamiliar darkness.  It seemed at the time to signal that I was going to lose my sanity along with my eyesight, but eventually other images seeped in, crowding around the edges of the painting and slowly pushing it to the edge of my consciousness:  the faces of friends and relatives, memories of trips to Cape Cod with my parents, Passover at my grandmother’s house.
Gradually I forgot about the painting.  It reappeared only rarely, in nightmares.  An upsetting day, followed by a restless night, and I would be standing again in that dark room, staring at four copies of my disintegrating mind.


Chapter Two


"Micah Levy is here."
I groaned.  Micah Levy.  Ugh.  Micah was in a neck-to-neck horserace with Brandon Lowell for the title of my Least Favorite Person on the planet.  Micah was an eighty-year-old Orthodox Jew with putrid breath and an even more putrid attitude toward women.  He fancied himself an amateur expert on Jewish history and could frequently be found hobbling along the corridors of the Archives, muttering curses in Hebrew at any female who dared to cross his path.  My grandmother had known him when they were kids growing up in Boston’s West End.  She insisted that he’d been an irritable boy, but not vicious.  But what was once mere irritability had distilled into a bitterness that eagerly sought out vulnerable targets, as if by causing pain Micah could relieve some buried pain of his own.
“Let him wait,” I said to my assistant Ming, who, judging by the crunching sounds, was feeding Delilah one of her doggy treats.  “Maybe it’ll improve his manners.”
“I seriously doubt that,” said Ming.  “I can’t imagine anything on earth which would improve that man’s manners, except maybe death.”  She muttered in Yiddish:  “He should grow like an onion with his head in the ground.”
“Ming, stop cursing,” I said automatically.  Ming was Chinese, but she had a fondness for cursing in Yiddish that no shtetl-born could match.  She was, as far as I knew, the only Chinese person in Boston who could speak both Yiddish and Hebrew.  She’d been one of millions of female babies in China abandoned by her parents.  Luckily, when she was two years old a couple from Israel had adopted her.  She’d spent her childhood on a kibbutz near the Dead Sea.  Her adoptive parents had named her Ming because they liked the sound of it, though Ming told me it was actually a boy's name.  Her parents had named her the Chinese equivalent of "Fred".  She worked part-time for me while attending classes at Harvard.  Her major was chemistry with a minor in Yiddish literature of the nineteenth century.  If there was an award for strangest life story, Ming would definitely be a contender.
I jumped at a sudden loud bang and the door to my office rattled on its hinges.  Delilah started barking, and I reached out a hand to her.  She settled at my feet, but I could feel the tension in her muscles as they quivered under her fur.
“Micah’s banging on the door with that damn cane of his,” said Ming.  “I don’t care if he does need it to walk, he’s a menace to society and someone should take it away from him.  Do you know, he actually hit that nice new docent with it.  What's her name?  Pam something.  He whacked her right on the ankles.  Nearly tripped her.  She had to grab his arm to keep from falling, and of course he went ballistic about a woman touching him.  Pam said she thought he was going to have a heart attack, the way his face went all purple.  A heart attack.  We should be so lucky.  May his nose hairs grow long enough to choke him."
I sighed and tightened my grip on Delilah’s collar so she wouldn’t rush the door.  "Ming, stop cursing and let him in.  We might as well get this over with.  He's not going to go away."  
Ming mumbled something under her breath which I didn’t catch, but she opened the door.
I heard the thud-drag sound which always announced Micah's approach.  His heavy cane pounded ominously on the old wooden floor, accompanied by the dragging of his partially-paralyzed left leg.  I could smell the rotting-tooth stench of his breath as he gave one last thump with his cane and came to a stop much too close to me.  I clenched my jaw and forced myself not to move my chair back.  My hair blew back from my face as Micah waved something in front of my nose.
“You meddler!  A shande far di goyim!  Prying into things which are none of your business!"
I wiped a fleck of spittle off my face with one hand and held onto Delilah with the other.  She was growling ferociously and straining forward as if she wanted to bite Micah’s legs.  I was tempted to let her at him, but I knew from past experience that he would head straight to Animal Control and try to have her put down.
There was a brief scuffle which sounded like Ming was trying to wrestle something away from Micah.
“Get away from me, you slant-eyed goy.”  
There was a crash, the sound of books falling, and a cry from Ming.
"Ming!  Are you all right?"  I started to rise from my chair, but a bony hand descended on my shoulder and forced me down.  I grabbed Delilah's collar as she made a sudden rush at Micah.
"Listen to me, woman.  Your grandmother told me you've been poking your nose into old land deeds belonging to the Gostynin Shul.  They are none of your business.  Do you understand?  Have nothing more to do with them.  I forbid it."
I snorted.  "Forbid it?  How very grand of you.  Last time I checked you weren't King of the World, Micah.  Or even King of the Jews.  And as for the Gostynin Shul deeds, I don't see how they’re any of your business.  It's just a research project.  Landsmanschaft documents from the nineteenth century written in a Lithuanian dialect of Yiddish.  Of interest to no one except historians.  And not to very many of those."
"Silence!  You are disturbing matters better left alone.  And if stones fall they will fall on more heads than yours.  Your community will suffer.  Even to a dirty non-believer like you that should mean something.”
I heard a thump and a whimper from Delilah.  
"And if that unclean animal ever attacks me again I will have its throat cut.  Do you hear me?"
The hand lifted from my shoulder.  Thud-drag.  Thud-drag.  The sound retreated from my office and faded away.
"Ming?  Are you hurt?"
Ming grunted.  "Only my pride.  That decrepit bastard knocked me into the bookcase.  He was swinging his cane at you, so I grabbed it.  Boy, for someone with both feet in the grave he's surprisingly strong.  He must work out.  Probably by shotputting little kids into traffic."
I heard her shut the office door, so I released Delilah.  She paced nervously, making little whimpering sounds.  “Is she okay?”
“Yeah, she’s all right.  Aren’t you, girl?  That old devil kicked her.  Fortunately he can’t kick very hard with that bum leg of his.  Let me just put these books back, and then I’ll take her outside for some air.”  There was a metallic squeak as Ming opened the small step ladder we used to reach the top shelves of the bookcase.  “So, what’s this about some shul’s land deeds?  It’s the first I’ve heard of it.” 
“It’s a new project.  We acquired a bunch of documents written in Yiddish when one of the Zielinskis died recently.”  I felt in the top drawer of my desk for the wet wipes I kept there.  I plucked one out of the package and scrubbed at the spot on my cheek where Micah’s spit had landed.  “The documents range in age from the current year back to 1880.  Roger asked me to translate the older ones.  It was old Marty Zielinksi who died.  His wife Raina brought the documents over and since she can read Yiddish she read a few out loud to me.  The first one we translated was a title for a building on the north side of Beacon Hill.  It was acquired by a group of Lithuanian Jews in 1880, who converted it to a shul.  It had originally been a Baptist church.  In 1930 the shul building was sold again to a man named Matthew Wilbraham.  He was an African-American whose ancestors had connections to the underground railroad.  I need to ask Phillipa about him.  He seems to have been an influential person in the black community in Boston at that time.  Anyway, I happened to mention the shul to my grandmother.  She must have told Micah about the documents, which is surprising.  She keeps in touch with him because they grew up together, but they aren’t exactly close.”
“What did he mean by ‘your community will suffer’?” asked Ming.  “What community?”
“He meant the Jewish community.  Either the Jewish community in Boston, or just Jews in general.  It’s the only community that matters to Micah.”
“And that ‘a shande far di goyim’ business? A scandal in front of the goyim?”
“Yes, that was odd.  I’m not sure what he meant by that.  Micah seems to have gotten some strange ideas about these Zielinkski documents.  I need to look at them more closely, but there was nothing scandalous in the parts that Raina Zielinksi read to me.  They were mostly just legal documents.  Transfers of title, property deeds.  And a few personal letters and diary entries.  Very dry stuff.”
I felt my eyes shift downward, toward the floor.  Something they do automatically when I'm embarrassed, even though I can no longer see the floor.   "I'm sorry about the "slant-eyed goy" comment.  It was a terrible thing to say, even for Micah."
"Oh, please.  That's nothing.  You should hear what he calls Phillipa.  Behind her back, of course."
There was a polite knock on the door.  
"Oh, hey Roger.  C'mon in.  Joanna, I'm going to take Delilah out for a walk and a pee."
Delilah barked delightedly at the word “walk”.  Her madly wagging tail whacked my knees and her toenails made scrambling sounds on the floor as Ming tried to put her harness on.
“Hold still you silly bundle of fur.  How can I get this on you when you’re jumping around?  You know, for a professional animal you’re not very dignified.  You should take some lessons in deportment from my Siamese cat, Rabbi Feinstein.  He’s the epitome of four-legged decorum.  He’d whip you into shape in no time.”
Ming and Delilah departed in a noisy rush.  I heard quiet footsteps approach and then my hand was clasped in a friendly shake.  For some reason Roger Davenport, the director of the Archives, always felt the need to shake my hand each time he saw me.  At first I'd found it disconcerting, but eventually I realized that it was his way of announcing his presence to me.  Everyone I interacted with on a regular basis had their own way of doing this.  Most went with the verbal approach, saying my name, or a loud "hello" when they were still several feet away.  A few used a touch on the shoulder, which I didn't really care for as it startled me if I hadn't heard their footsteps.
"Hello Roger.  Have a seat."  I waved in the direction of Ming's desk.  
"Thanks, but I can't stay.  I have a meeting in a few minutes."
There was a long pause and the sound of uncomfortable throat-clearing from Roger.  It was unlike him to keep people waiting like this.  He was generally a bastion of impeccable manners.
Finally, I broke the silence.  "Roger, is something wrong?"
Roger sighed.  "Maybe.  The thing is, Catherine Lowell is on one of her rampages again.  You know how she gets.  You've seen enough of these tempests over the years.  Sometimes they blow over, sometimes they don't."
What kicked this one off?"
"Those Zielinski documents."
It was my turn to sigh.  "Let me guess.  She found out they were in Yiddish."  Catherine Lowell, chairman of the board of the Archives, was intensely anti-Semitic.  "Did you tell her that they didn’t cost us anything to acquire them, that Raina Zielinski donated them for free?"
"Yes, I mentioned that to Mrs. Lowell, and to the rest of the board.  But it didn’t matter.  She went on about preservation and storage costs.  She's on one of her percentage kicks."
Catherine Lowell kept a meticulous count of all books, diaries, journals, manuscripts and other documents acquired by the Archives.  All grouped into her own personally defined categories: English, Puritan, Colonial, Irish, African, and Jewish.  It was her goal in life to keep the last two categories as small as possible.  Only about ten percent of the Archive's collection was African-American or Jewish in origin, but for Catherine Lowell that was ten percent too much.
“She wants us to give the Zielinski documents to the Center for Jewish History in New York,” said Roger.  “In fact, she’s insisting on it.”
“Well, I hope you told her no.  There’s some stuff about nineteenth-century land ownership on Beacon Hill which looks interesting.   I’m sure the Massachusetts Historical Society would love to see it.  And we’ve already had some interest from Boston’s Jewish community,” I said wryly, thinking of Micah’s melodramatic warnings.
“That’s great.” Roger said.  “Why don’t you come upstairs with me and tell her that?  There’s a meeting of the board in the Longfellow room today.  It starts in a few minutes.”
I laughed.  “So that’s why you’re here.  You want backup.  I seem to remember a whole spiel from you, only last week, about how you were going to stand up to Catherine from now on.  What happened to all that resolve?”
Roger laughed in return.  “It turned tail and fled when Catherine reminded me that my salary review is coming up.  So, come on.  Let's go face down the beast.  Or, do you want to wait until Ming’s back with Delilah?”
“No, I’ll just use my cane.  You know how Delilah is indoors.  Sometimes she’s more of a hindrance than a help.”  I grabbed my folding cane out of the bottom drawer of my desk and took the arm offered by Roger.
"Hey guys."  Phillipa's powerful voice boomed toward us as we entered the narrow hallway outside my office.  "You want to come with me to Dunkin Donuts and watch me destroy my diet with a Bavarian Kreme?"  
"Can't Phillipa.  Sorry," said Roger.  "We're on a mission to face down the dragon in its lair."
"You mean that giant lizard of the Lowell species?  Please, Roger.  She'll have you hiding under the table in no time."
"Thanks, Phillipa," said Roger.  "It's nice to have such a firm vote of confidence right before battle."
"Hey, I just call 'em like I see 'em, honey.  The donuts can wait.  I want to come watch the show."
I felt my bandaged hand gently cradled in Phillipa's strong fingers.  
"So, how's this healing?  No more pain, I hope?"
"It's fine," I said, wincing slightly as I wiggled my fingers to prove my point.  "The stitches come out in a few days."
"I should have another talk with the janitorial staff," said Roger, his voice crackling with anger.  "They all swear that none of them moved that piece of glass.  That they haven't dusted your shelves in years.  And yet, when I checked your office myself the shelves had clearly been wiped down recently.  There wasn't a speck of dust on them."
"Yes, I noticed that too," I said.  "When I ran my finger over them they felt squeaky clean and smelled of ammonia.  It's strange."
"I don't see what's strange about it," said Roger.  "One of the janitorial staff is lying because they don't want to be blamed for your injury."
"I don't mean that.  That I understand.  What I don't understand is why someone decided out of the blue to suddenly dust my office shelves.  I've worked here ten years now, and I can't remember anyone dusting the shelves before.  As far as I know, the only thing the janitors do in my office is empty the trash.  Phil, has anyone ever dusted your office?"
"Nope," said Phillipa.  "You could ski on my shelves, the dust is so thick."
"Like I said.  It's odd."  I felt pressure on my elbow as Roger guided me out of my office and through the manuscript room.  We emerged into the cooler air of the lobby.  I shivered as a shaft of cold March air darted down from the cracked skylight in the roof.  The massive bronze hinges of the front door groaned and a whiff of Starbucks caramel macchiato drifted toward me.
"Oh, hi there," said a bright, tinkling voice.  
It took me a moment, but I finally placed the voice.  It was Pam, the new docent.  Every year the Archives hired a few docents to take groups on guided tours of the building.  Most of our permanent collection consisted of documents, but we also had a smattering of colonial pewter, some rare pieces of seventeenth-century furniture, and paintings by American artists.  Our most well-known painting was a portrait of the British General Thomas Gage by John Copley.  The docents never lasted long, mainly because they weren't paid.  The positions were usually filled by retired people or well-to-do housewives with too much time on their hands.  My guess was that Pam was the latter. 
"My gosh, I've totally forgotten all your names," said Pam, her laugh glittering on the cold air.  "I know there's a "doctor" in front of each, but that's all I can remember.  Hummingbird-brain.  That's what my husband used to call me.  My mind flits around but never settles on anything."
As Roger made the introductions with his usual pristine manners Pam’s laugh became noticeably flirtatious.  Roger was a nice looking man, with a debonair, David Niven-ish quality.  His suits were expensive, hand-tailored, and came from Henry Poole & Co on Savile Row in London, a fact which Phillipa loved to tease him about.  Yes, Roger was the whole package: nice-looking, well-dressed, good career . . . too bad about the gay thing.  I made a mental note to mention it to Pam in the near future.  Women her age had a blind spot when it came to homosexuality, especially when it came wrapped in a three-piece suit instead of leather and multiple piercings.
“Where’s the lovely Delilah?” asked Pam.  “Such a beautiful golden retriever.  I used to have a retriever called Fluffernut who was just the most patient, adorable thing.  All goldens are so sweet-tempered, aren’t they?”
I laughed.  “I don’t know if I’d call Delilah sweet.  She has a mind of her own, sometimes.  My assistant Ming took her out for a walk.  She needed to recover from a Micah encounter.”
“Oh my,” said Pam.  “Isn’t he the most awful man?  I don’t believe in speaking ill of people, but really, he is just too horrible.  Do you know, he hit me with his cane?  On the ankles.  I nearly fell.  He claimed he hadn’t seen me, but I think it was deliberate.”



"You know who Pam, reminds me of?" said Phillipa as we continued on our way to the boardroom.  "Catherine Lowell.  They're both that social x-ray type.  Very thin and very white, with the coiffed hair and the Chanel suits.  They're almost twins.  Physically, that is.  Personality-wise it’s more like good twin – evil twin.  I hope Pam is smart enough to stay away from Catherine Lowell, because if they clash the evil twin is gonna eat its good twin for lunch with a nice béarnaise sauce."


*	*	*	*


Catherine Lowell's perfume always preceded her into a room.  She had a signature scent, made exclusively for her, with notes of lilac, tuberose, freesia, and brimstone.  The smell would enter your nose with the promise of spring flowers and then suddenly intensify, leaving you with your nostrils burning.
My nose was just starting to feel warm when I heard voices behind me and the members of the Archives board of directors filed in to the room.  Chairs scraped on the floor as they were pulled out from the long oak table which had once resided in the home of John Hancock.  Roger, Phillipa and I were seated on one side, the arms of our chairs touching in solidarity.
From various hems, haws, and deep-throated coughs I recognized the three permanent board members:  Gummy, Stinky, and Phlegm.
I'd never been introduced to any of them, so their real names were a mystery.  Gummy was a very polite elderly lady who smelled of Listerine and denture adhesive.  She rarely spoke at board meetings, preferring the safe course of deferring to Catherine Lowell, but when she did speak it always sounded like her dentures were about to fall out and skitter across the table. 
Stinky was a gruff man enveloped in a fug of cigar smoke.  Even when he wasn't actually smoking the smell hung around him like a memory of bar stools, malt whiskey and hearty male banter.  He would occasionally interject an opinion at meetings, just to show he was made of sterner stuff than Gummy, but he always voted in line with Catherine.  He was the retired CEO of a large insurance company, and I had the feeling that he wasn’t really interested in the workings of the Archives.  He was just killing time before his daily golf game.
Phlegm was a cougher.  That's all I knew about her, as she never said a word in meetings.  She just sat there coughing like a tuberculosis patient with a pack-a-day habit.
"Roger, what is the staff doing here?”  Catherine Lowell's voice rang out in its imperial Boston Brahmin tone as she took her seat at the head of the table, the platinum Cartier watch she always wore clattering on the wood.  “I don't recall asking them to come to this meeting."  
Roger cleared his throat.  "Well, I asked Dr. Adelman to come.  To give the board a bit more information on those documents Raina Zielinski so generously donated.  And as for Dr. Henderson, well . . ."
"I'm just here for the fireworks," said Phillipa, chuckling.
I made a guess at the location of her ankle and kicked.
"Ouch!  Dammit Jo, there's no need to get violent.  I can't help it if you’re all so entertaining."
There was a shocked little gasp from Gummy, then silence as everyone waited for Catherine’s reaction.
"I'm glad we amuse you Dr. Henderson," said Catherine finally.  "Perhaps you'd like us to do a little juggling?  A little tap dancing on the table?"
"Sure," said Phillipa.  "That would be great.  How about a little Al Jolson number, in blackface?"
I heard a sharp intake of breath from the head of the table, but no reply.  There was always a certain restraint in Catherine Lowell’s manner when she dealt with Phillipa.  Phillipa had something on Catherine.  Something of blackmail quality.  Phillipa had hinted about it over the years, but she'd never revealed the details.  She was storing it up for judgment day, she said.
The table sat in silence, listening to Catherine’s ragged breathing as she got temper under control.  I heard a loud flapping which sounded like the wings of a giant bird.  Someone had left a window open and the floor-length blue velvet curtains, which Phillipa said looked like something Scarlett O'Hara would make a dress out of, had broken free and were doing the dance of the seven veils against the oak-paneled walls.  Roger's chair bumped against mine as he rose and closed the window.
"Thank you, Roger," said Catherine through gritted teeth.  “You, at least, know how to handle yourself in a place of business.  I wish you would prevail upon your staff to look to your example when it comes to manners.  This is not a barroom.”
“Wish it was,” said Stinky.  “I could use a scotch.  Three fingers.  No, two.  Wouldn’t want to be sloshed on the green.  Tried that once – drinking and putting.  Don’t recommend it.”
There was a glacial silence.  I gathered that Catherine was treating Stinky to one of her stares.  There aren’t many upsides to being blind, but not having to see Catherine Lowell’s medusa-like glare was a small plus.  She had a trick of not blinking which could fluster the most self-confident of people.  Phillipa claimed Catherine had double eyelids, like a frog, the invisible inner lid allowing her to win every high-noon stare-down she engaged in.
After an appropriately intimidating time, Catherine cleared her throat.  “Now, the first order of business.  The Zielinski documents.  It's regrettable, but we have no room to store them.  We need to conserve our limited vault space for more important items.  I'm afraid we will have to decline the donation.  There are other, more appropriate organizations which would be happy to accept them."
"What exactly do you mean by "more appropriate"?" I asked.
"She means the same thing she meant last month, when she rejected those slave diaries," said Phillipa.
"Those diaries had no connection to Boston, or even to Massachusetts," said Catherine.  "Our underlying theme, the thing which unites our collection here at the Archives, has always been local history.  Items which we add to our collection must have some local connection."
"Those diaries were written by slaves who had travelled from Deep Creek, Virginia to Boston by way of the underground railroad.  They were found in the attic of the Hayden house on Phillips Street, only a few blocks from here," said Phillipa.  "I don't see how you could get much more local."
"And the Zielinski documents," I said, interrupting before Catherine and Phillipa could get into one of their standoffs, "are just as local.  One of the documents is a deed for a building near the Hayden house.  It's dated 1880, a time when Jewish immigrants and former slaves were living side-by-side on the north slope of Beacon Hill.  These documents could shed some light on Phillipa’s research into the area, as well as my own.”
"Yes, well, Dr. Adelman, your research is peripheral to our theme, as you know very well.  As chairman, I have to keep our focus where it belongs.  I've already called the director of the Center for Jewish History in New York.  He's sending one of his staff to pick up the documents on Thursday."
"But," I said, "I haven't even finished going through them.  They could contain important information on Jewish immigration to Boston in the nineteenth century.  There's some stuff about a Lithuanian landsmanschaft which I particularly want to look at more closely.  And besides," I said in a last ditch attempt, "a leading member of Boston's Jewish community has already shown interest in the documents."
Catherine snorted.  "Micah Levy?  I would hardly call him a leading member of anything.  Regardless, he came to see me in my office, barged in without an appointment to be more precise, and practically ordered me to send those Zielinski papers away.  Something I am more than happy to do.  Now, let's move on to more important matters . . ."
I heard a crackle of leather upholstery as Roger shifted in his chair.
"Ordered you to send them away?" he asked.  "That's strange, to put it mildly.  Micah's usually so possessive about every scrap of Jewish history we manage to get our hands on.  It doesn't make sense that he would say that."
"Well, he did," said Catherine.  "Accompanied by his usual bad breath and spittle.  This discussion is over.  I refuse to waste any more time on it.  Now, regarding those supposed letters of Abigail Adams, our handwriting expert tells me they’re forgeries. . ."


Chapter Three


“Hang on a sec,” said Ming.
I gave Delilah her “stop” command and felt her settle at my feet.  She was sneezing.  I made a mental note to ease up on her flea powder.  It was making my own nose itch.  I heard papers rustle as Ming muttered under her breath.
“Jeez, I can’t even read my own writing.  I think it says “four feet west of the oak tree”, or something like that.”
Her flip-flops slapped on the cobblestones as she took a few steps away from me.  Ming was one of those mutant twenty-something Bostonians who wore flip-flops even when there was a foot of snow on the ground.  How they managed not to lose toes to frostbite was beyond me. 
Ming was an After, so I didn’t really know what she looked like.  When Ming had first started working at the Archives Phillipa had described her as tall for an Asian woman, with an athletic build and conventional long black hair unconventionally decorated with teal blue streaks.  She was on the fencing team at Harvard and frequently wore sweatshirts and tracksuits to her part-time job as my assistant, something which often got her in trouble with Catherine Lowell. 
One of the few compliments Catherine had ever paid me was that she wished my assistant would adopt my dress sense.  Which was ironic, given that I had no dress sense.  I favored knee-length dresses in navy or forest green, colors which hid the coffee and food stains I inevitably collected.  I wore conservative pumps with a low heel, always with nylon stockings, even though I knew they had gone out of style ten years ago.  Topped off with a cardigan and my graying hair, I knew my look was rapidly sliding into aging librarian territory, but I found it hard to care.  Even when I was younger and still sighted I’d never been a flashy dresser.  Ming was always trying to get me to update my wardrobe.  She thought I was dressing too old for my age, and she had conscripted Phillipa into this campaign.  Phillipa, however, was the last person I wanted to take clothing advice from.
When Phillipa was younger she used to wear the full West African dashiki look.  Wild prints, beaded necklaces, headgear and all.  A few years ago she switched to pantsuits, but she still occasionally wore a kente cloth wrapped around her braids.  I could always tell when she was wearing the head wrap, because I would hear low-voiced comments follow us as we walked down the street for our afternoon treat at Dunkin Donuts.  Most of the comments were innocuous:  “What colorful fabric.”  Or: “Boy, you can really see her coming.”  But once in a while we’d hear “Go back to Africa.”  On these occasions the sequence of events was always the same:  my shoulders would contract with so much tension they’d be up to my ears.  Delilah would sense that I was upset and press up against my legs, whining.  Phillipa would come to a halt in the middle of the sidewalk, ignoring people trying to get by us, and yell in a voice which rattled windows:  “All right, who said that?  I mean it, people.  You better hand him over, point him out, or I’m gonna go after each one of you.”  Invariably the suspect was quickly pointed out.  Both Phillipa and Delilah would growl, and then I’d hear feet running away.  Phillipa never chased these miscreants.  I think she just liked to watch them scamper.
Phillipa still wore her head wraps to work, but I suspect that the political motive had diminished over the years, and she now wore them mainly to annoy Catherine Lowell.
“This must be the oak tree mentioned in the deed,” said Ming.  “Oaks live a long time, don’t they?  This would probably have been here in 1880.”
I heard her slap the tree trunk and bits of snow floated down and landed on my head.  I brushed them off.  “Do you see the horse trough that marked the boundary of the plot?  It might still be here.  The Historical Society tries to preserve things like that if it can.”
“No . . . I don’t think so.  Hang on.  Let me check my notes.  Hmm, I don’t see anything in here about a horse trough.  That’s the thing horses drink out of, right?  So, what, it would be made of wood, like in a Western?  John Wayne rides up and parks Thunderbolt at the horse trough before stomping into the saloon for a sarsaparilla?”
“No, the deed mentioned a stone watering trough.  Check the original.”
More papers rustled and I heard Ming swear.
“These photocopies are terrible.  Blurry, smeared, you name it.  Photocopying is not your forte, babe.  Why didn’t you wait and let me copy the docs?”
“Because Catherine Lowell was threatening to confiscate them, and you’d gone home for the day.  I had to make copies before the originals were handed over to the Center for Jewish History.  You’re just lucky I managed to copy the sides with writing on them.”
“Yeah, how’d you do that, anyway?”
“I copy both sides of all documents.  It’s a trick I learned five years ago, when I returned to work after the accident.  I didn’t have an assistant back then.  I had to be a clever little blind person.”
Ming snorted.  “Well, you can stop being clever.  You’ve got me for that.”  Her flip-flops tapped out a little penguin-flipper sound as she paced back and forth in front of me.  “Okay, let’s see.  What’s the Yiddish word for horse?”
“Ferd.”
“Well, ferd you too.  Ferd . . . ferd . . .Here it is:  ‘well-made of quarried stone, weighing many hundredweight’.  What’s a hundredweight?”
“About one hundred pounds.”
“Hmm.  A heavy stone thingy . . .  Oh, wait.  I think that's it over there.  Somebody’s using it as a flowerpot.  It’s filled with daffodils.  I’m surprised they’re blooming so early in March.”
She took my hand and guided me to the water trough.  I ran my palm along the edge of the container.  It was made of rough stone, granite maybe.  About four feet long and two feet wide, filled to the brim with dirt and an overdose of acrid-smelling fertilizer which burned my nostrils and reminded me of Catherine Lowell’s perfume.  The heads of the daffodils brushed my fingers.  “Can you tell if it’s been moved from its original location?"
“Hmm,” said Ming.  “No way to tell, really.  Though it would be quite a job to move this thing.  It must weigh a ton.  Literally.”
I heard her scrape at the stone.
“There’s something carved on the side.  The initials “P.W.” and a date.  1834.  Do you want a picture of it?”
I nodded.  “Sure, why not.  Though I doubt it will help us much.  That’s probably just the stone carver’s mark.  1834 is too early.  I’m interested in what happened here after about 1880.”  The trough was pushed up against a building.  I ran my hand over the rough bricks.  They were porous, like dried sponges.  A sure sign of age.  "This brickwork feels old, maybe eighteenth century.  Can you tell from the style of the building how old it is?"
Ming groaned.  "I knew you'd torture me with an architecture question.  You know I can't tell Federal from Greek Revival.  We should have brought Scott Woodlawn from the Historical Society."
I shook my head.  "Something about this building has got Micah Levy all riled up, and I don't want him going after Scott as well as us."
Ming snorted.  "Everything gets Micah riled up.  That's just his normal state of being.  We shouldn’t tiptoe around just because the old bastard’s got a bee up his nose.  Besides, how much trouble can he really cause, anyway?”
I straightened up and brushed the dirt off my hands.  “Micah’s got a lot of contacts in local government.  Every politician at City Hall and the State House knows who he is.  They might not like him, but they take his calls because they know he can bring in the Jewish vote, especially the orthodox groups in Brookline.  If he wanted to, Micah could probably get both of us fired.  We’re on the city payroll, you know.”
“We work for the city?” asked Ming, sounding surprised.  “Call me clueless, but I didn’t know that.  I thought we got paid by the Walker Foundation.”
“Nope.  The Foundation pays for most new acquisitions to the Archives, but salaries are paid by the city.”  I groped around, trying to find Delilah’s harness.
“She’s sniffing at a garbage can,” said Ming.  “I’ll get her.”
I heard her footsteps move away and then stop suddenly as a male voice called to her.  I was too far away to recognize the voice.  I slowly made my way toward them, trailing my hand along the wall of the building for guidance.
“Hey, Joanna.  How’s it going?”
It was Brandon Lowell.  
“Brandon?  What are you doing here?”  I felt Ming guide my hand to Delilah’s harness.  Delilah was standing at attention, exuding an earthy smell.  She must have been digging in someone’s flowerbed.
“I’m just here on an errand,” said Brandon.  “My family owns this block.  Mom asked me to check on a construction project we’ve got going on.  Make sure none of the contractors are cutting corners.  This is strictly a high-class project.  An expensive project, too.  Mom has sunk a big chunk of the Lowell fortune into it.  We’ve kicked out all the renters and we’re converting four buildings on this block to luxury condos.”
“Construction?” I asked.  “In Beacon Hill?  It’s a protected area, you know.  The Historic District Commission has to approve all changes.”
“Jeez, you’re such a historian sometimes.  Chill.  Mom got all the necessary permits.  Besides, most of the construction is on the interior of the buildings.  We’re not messing with the exteriors.  All the precious Colonial-style shutters and other doodads you history buffs are so fond of will still be around to bore future generations of tourists.”
“Aren’t you studying history at BU?” asked Ming.  “Shouldn’t that kind of stuff fill you with scholarly delight?”
“The only thing that fills me with scholarly delight is a three-cheese deep dish with extra pepperoni.  Now that’s something which inspires intensive study.  Speaking of pizza, I was thinking about going to Gino’s tonight.  Care to come?”
I heard Ming’s flip-flop tap nervously on the pavement.  I held my breath, hoping she’d say no.  Sure, Brandon was a nice looking guy, but he was not a nice guy.  And Ming deserved a nice guy.
“Let me think about,” she said finally.  “I have fencing practice at six-thirty, and it could run late.”
Brandon chuckled.  “That’s a new one.  Rejection by rapier.”
“It’s not a rapier,” said Ming.  “It’s a foil.  And it’s not a rejection – exactly.  I just need some time to think about it.  You have a bit of a reputation.”
“Me?” said Brandon.  “I’m a sweetheart.  I think you’ve been listening to Joanna.  She doesn’t like me.”
I ignored this.  I wanted to get rid of Brandon so we could continue our search.  We didn’t have much time left before Ming had to get to her classes.  It was the downside of having a part-time assistant.   “I’m surprised your family owns property here on the north side of the hill,” I said.  “Isn’t that slumming?  I’d have thought you owned buildings closer to the State House.”
“Whoa.  A little dig from Joanna,” said Brandon.  “Yeah, we used to own stuff on the ritzier side of the hill.  Back in my grandfather’s day.  Good old Caleb the Third.  He used to buy up property right and left.  I think he had his sights on the State House itself.  But my Dad sold off a lot of family real estate.  I don’t know the details.  Mom won’t discuss it.  Probably thinks I’m too dense to understand the intricate financial details.  Of course, Dad’s gambling problem had something to do with it.  Good thing he kicked the bucket before he bankrupted the entire Lowell clan.”
“Oh no,” Ming suddenly exclaimed.  “I didn’t realize how late it was.  Joanna, I’m sorry, but I have to go.  I’ve got a chemistry mid-term.  I can’t miss it.  Brandon, why don’t you help Joanna out?  It shouldn’t take long.  Here are my notes.  My handwriting’s terrible, I know, but at least the notes are in English.  And see that Joanna gets back to the Archives safely.” 
“Sure, why not?” said Brandon.  “I’m always ready to help out Joanna, whether she appreciates it or not.”
“Joanna, here are the photocopies,” said Ming.  “I’ll see you later.”
I felt papers pressed into my hands and before I could say a word Ming had rushed off.



“Five paces from the stone trough . . . four feet west of the oak tree. . . what the hell is this stuff?” asked Brandon.
“Just a little research project,” I said, trying to hide my annoyance.  I was irritated with Ming for leaving me with Brandon, though I knew it wasn’t her fault.  
“Researching what?  Grantee . . . boundary . . . abutting Phillips Street . . .  I’m no expert, but this sounds like some kind of property deed.  Shul.  Does it mean the old Gostynin Shul?”
“Yes,” I said, surprised.  “How do you know about the shul?”
“My family owns the land it used to sit on.  Here, I’ll show you.”
I felt him take my arm, and I couldn’t help myself.  I tensed up.  A low warning growl came from Delilah.  It was like having a lie-detector attached to my arm sometimes.  Every emotion I felt seemed to transmit directly to Delilah through her harness.
“Sheesh,” said Brandon.  “For a guide dog she’s kind of mean-tempered.  I thought they were supposed to be well-behaved.”
“She’s just protective,” I said.  “Walk on ahead and we’ll follow.”  I gave Delilah her “go” command and we followed Brandon roughly twenty feet up Phillips Street, as nearly as I could judge.  I slipped a bit on a patch of ice and Delilah immediately stopped, waiting patiently until I righted myself.  See, I mentally pointed out to Brandon, she’s beautifully well-behaved.  It’s not her fault you’re a dipstick.
“It’s right here,” he said.  “The shul was torn down in 1930 and my grandfather built one of those fake Federals, with the brick façade and the green shutters.  Actually, it blends in pretty well with the older buildings on the street.  They used preserved bricks from some demolished building.  You can tell the brickwork on the façade is a lot older than the building.  The outside’s in good shape, but the interior needs work.  It’s part of that construction project I told you about.  There’s a plaque here next to the front door, one of those things the Historical Society insists on sticking on every building built before 1960.  Here, I’ll read it to you:
“A small group of Jewish immigrants from Lithuania established a landsmanschaft, a community of people from the same country of origin, on this spot in 1880.  They erected a place of worship and named it the Gostynin Shul.  Generations of Jews met here for Shabbat services until the shul was sold to one of Boston’s founding families, the Lowells, and torn down in 1930.”
I laughed.
“What’s so funny?” asked Brandon.
“Nothing, really.  It’s just that Ming and I were poring over notes we made from nineteenth-century documents, trying to find the location of this old shul building by measuring the paces from oak trees and horse troughs, when all we had to do was read this plaque.  I knew we wouldn’t find the actual shul building.  I was pretty sure it had been torn down, but I had no idea this plaque was here.”
“Well, that’s not surprising,” said Brandon.  “The plaque looks new, like they just put it up in the last year or so.  You wouldn’t have been able to see it.”
“True enough.  Is that all the plaque says?” I asked.
“Yep, that’s all.  Why?”
“It’s just that a piece seems to be left out.  The landsmanschaft didn’t construct the shul, they bought it.  The original building was an African-American Baptist church.  The Jewish immigrants converted it after the sale.”
“That’s not what it says here,” said Brandon.  “And the Massachusetts Historical Society would never pass up a chance to put every boring detail on one of their plaques.  How do you know about this sale?”
“It's mentioned in a batch of documents Raina Zielinksi donated to the Archives.”
Brandon laughed.  “Oh, yeah, I heard about that.  Mom was in a rage about foreign documents corrupting her precious collection.  I had to hear about it all through dinner last night.  The veins in her neck were bulging so much I thought she was going to have a stroke.”
"Hmm," I said, not really listening.  I made a mental note to recheck the Zielinski documents, but I was certain they stated that the Gostynin shul building had been owned by an African-American man named Matthew Wilbraham in 1930.  Caleb Lowell couldn’t have purchased the building from a group of Lithuanian Jews if they weren’t the legal owners.
I felt a prickle of uneasiness.  Even on the north side of Beacon Hill a condo could sell for several million dollars.  If the Zielinski documents proved that the Lowell family didn’t actually own one of the buildings they were converting they could lose a huge amount of money.  I suddenly regretted involving Brandon Lowell in my search for the shul.  I’d assumed he wouldn’t really be all that interested and would probably forget all about it by the next day.  But now I wondered how much of our conversation he would report to his mother.


Chapter Four


“Konnichiwa, bubbeleh!”
My grandmother kissed me on the cheek and took my briefcase.  The apartment smelled of boiled bamboo shoots and harusame noodles.  I sighed.  Japanese food again.
For her eighty-fifth birthday my grandmother had treated herself to a trip to Japan, organized by the synagogue in Brookline which she attended every Saturday.  Twenty elderly Jews had descended on the noodle bars of Kyoto and then repaired to the kitchens of a culinary school where they had attempted to recreate their dining experiences.  One of the instructors had praised my grandmother's steamed edamame, unleashing in her a hitherto unknown love of raw squid, sashimi, and octopus balls.
That was three years ago and we were still eating Japanese every night.  It’s not that I didn’t like a large bowl of soba noodles, but every now and then a potato latke or a pizza would have been nice.  Pizza was also easier to eat.  Japanese food was tricky if you couldn’t see it.  Noodles tended to slide off my spoon long before they reached my mouth.  When I moved in with my grandmother after the accident I had worried that her dumpling-heavy cooking would pack on the pounds.  Little did I realize that I would spend dinnertime trying to spear water chestnuts – possibly the least caloric and slipperiest food in existence.  It was the 'lose weight because you can't find your food' diet.
“Let me see your hand, dear.”
I felt her gently trace the bandage on my left hand.  My fingers were swollen, and they throbbed slightly, but there wasn’t much pain.  I’d almost forgotten about the injury in the wake of Micah’s odd visit and my curiosity about the Gostynin Shul.
“How did you even know about it, bubbe?”
“Oh, Phillipa called me from the hospital after they’d finished stitching you up.  I wanted to rush right over but she said you were all right and were headed back to the office.”  She sighed and helped me off with my coat.  “You’re always such a trouper, Joanna.  I admire that about you, but you take it too far.  You should have come home and rested.  You must have lost a lot of blood.  There’s a blood stain here on the sleeve of your dress.”
“Is there?  Nobody mentioned it.  Good thing I wore my navy blue today.  It must have been dark enough to hide the stain.  Anyway, Ezzy, the security guard at the Archives, got me to the hospital right away.  It really wasn’t that bad.  Only ten stitches, and no nerve or muscle damage.”  I shivered.  The windows of the living room weren’t double-paned, and a cold wind was blowing in off of the harbor.  Our two-bedroom apartment was on the tenth floor of a tower block in Boston’s North End.  Our windows faced east, overlooking the ferry docks and the water taxi to Logan airport.  In the mornings the squawk of gulls mixed with the distant rumble of jet engines.  “It’s cold out tonight, bubbe.  I think it’s going to snow again.”
“I hope not.  Here put this sweater on."
I wrestled the heavy Aran sweater over my head and sat down on our lumpy couch to remove Delilah's harness.  
My grandmother smoothed my hair.  “You know how I worry about you when it snows,” she said.  “All that ice building up on the sidewalks.  You’ll slip and fall.”
“Well, better me than you, bubbe.  I’m not the one with the ninety-year-old hips.”
“Eighty-eight, darling.  Eighty-eight. And my hips are fine.  My hips are as flexible as a teenager’s.  Let me tell you, if you want to improve your sex life take some yoga classes.  The ashtanga classes at the senior center have really loosened me up.”
“Since when do you have a sex life?”
“Not me, darling.  You.  It’s been decades since you even went on a date.”
“It hasn’t been decades, bubbe.  It’s only been five years.”
“Exactly.  Five years.  Blind people can have sex, Joanna.”
I shrugged and didn't answer, busying myself by feeling under the couch for Delilah's wire brush.  I pulled it out and started on her thick back fur, brushing out little clumps of loose hair and piling them next to me on the couch.  
My grandmother made an impatient noise, as if she wanted to resume the topic, but to my relief she dropped it and disappeared into the kitchen.
My grandmother wasn't the only one who had tried to get me dating again.  Phillipa and Ming had both lined up potential prospects – cousins, old college friends, neighbors.  Ming had even suggested one of the members of Harvard's fencing team, a twenty-year-old boy from New Dehli.  I could only imagine what his mother back in India would have thought of his dating a forty-two year old blind woman.
Sex as a blind person was a barrier that I hadn't managed to overcome.  Over the last five years I'd adapted to a lot.  The big things, like navigating Boston traffic, learning to read Braille, slowly letting go of the hope that I'd wake up one day and magically be able to see again.  
And the little things, like not poking myself in the eye when I tried to brush my teeth.  But the idea of being intimate with someone I couldn't see just plain freaked me out.  It had a horror movie quality to it that I couldn't get past.
I gave Delilah a pat and gathered up the little pile of hair, taking it into the kitchen.  
"Here, bubbeleh, give me that.  You wash your hands and sit down.  I've made you some nice miso soup.  It has a special ingredient – fresh ginger.  I saw it in Martha Stewart Living.  Martha says it's very good for your health.  Gives you energy, which you could use my dear.  You always look so pale and thin in the winter.  People will think I'm not taking good care of you."
"Nobody thinks that, bubbe.  You're my rock.  You know that."  I covered my lap with a paper napkin and tried the soup.  The ginger flavor was a bit overpowering, but I didn't mention it.  My grandmother was sensitive about her cooking.  She'd never really been the stereotype of the Jewish grandmother.  Instead of spending her life slaving away in the kitchen making homemade matzo balls and knishes, she'd spent it building a very successful personnel agency.  Her "girls" had been filling the reception desks and typing pools of Boston's government offices for over fifty years.  She was semi-retired now, but even at eighty-eight she still went into the office twice a week to oversee things.
I felt the table move as she sat down across from me.  "Bubbe, have you talked to Micah Levy recently?" I asked.
My grandmother snorted.  "Micah?  That old fart?  Yes, I saw him two days ago.  I tried to dodge him.  I was in CVS buying some toothpaste when I saw him clumping toward me.  I ducked behind a big display of sanitary napkins, figuring that would keep the pisher at bay.  You know how much Orthodox nitwits hate anything to do with feminine hygenie.  But it didn't work.  He backed me up against the tampon shelf and started yelling about some damn documents."
"The Zielinski documents."
"Yes, that's right.  He was going on about how poor Raina Zielinski was some kind of race traitor.  Throwing accusations around, and her just widowed.  That old bastard has no sympathy for others.  He was like that as a kid, too.  Once I was jumping rope outside our stoop when I saw a dog with a broken leg.  I wanted to take inside and fix it up, but Micah just laughed at it and threw stones until it ran away.  Limped away, more like.  It was pitiful.  Not the dog.  Micah."
I tapped my spoon absentmindedly against the side of my soup bowl.  "So Micah already knew about the documents?  He didn't hear about them from you?"
"No, I had never heard of them.  You mentioned them later that day, over dinner, remember?"
I nodded.  "Yes, you're right.  So, where did Micah hear about them?"
"I don't know, honey.  Does it matter?"
"I'm not sure.  Micah came into my office this morning, ranting about the Gostynin Shul.  Those documents of the Zielinskis contained a deed to the shul.  Two deeds, actually.  One dated 1880, when an existing Baptist Church was sold and converted into a shul, and one dated 1930, when the shul building was sold to Caleb Lowell and torn down.  Both were handwritten, in Yiddish.  They might have been translations from the original English deeds.  I can’t say for sure without more research.  Something about these deeds had really set Micah off.  He was making threats and saying I had better keep my nose out of things which were none of my business.  Ming tried to defend me and he knocked her into a bookcase."
The table shook as my grandmother slapped her hand down on it.  
"That dirty old walking bunion.  If I see him in CVS again I'm gonna grab one of those jumbo size bottles of mouthwash and throw it at his head.  With any luck I'll finish him off.  I'll probably get a medal from the mayor for special services to the city."
I finished the soup and my grandmother put a bowl of noodles in front of me.  After several attempts I finally managed to get a spoonful into my mouth.  “This is good, bubbe.  I like the sauce.”
“Broth, dear.  Not sauce.  It’s tonkotsu broth.  I had to order it special, online.  I’m glad you like it.”
I felt Delilah’s nose on my knee and gently pushed it off.  She was usually good about not begging, but every so often she’d try her luck.  “Does she have some kibble in her bowl?” I asked.
“Yep, I just filled it.  She’s ignoring it, probably because she can smell the tonkotsu.  It’s pork.  I’ll pour the leftovers over her kibble when we’re done.”
Twenty years ago I would not have been sharing a dish of pork broth with my grandmother.  Her parents had raised her to observe kashrut, and when I had visited her as a child she had insisted on taking me to kosher restaurants.  But over the years she’d become more relaxed about tradition, attending a Reform synagogue and abandoning most Jewish dietary restrictions.  She still observed the prohibition against working on Shabbat, and would cluck her tongue when I brought home work on a Saturday, but she had given up attempts to convince me to attend temple.  I was a confirmed atheist, as my parents had been.  Even my grandmother, I suspected, went to temple more for its senior center trips than for its Torah readings.  Rabbi Lerner couldn’t compete with the wonders of Kyoto’s noodle bars.
“You would have been eight,” I murmured to myself, my thoughts shifting back to Micah Levy and his over-the-top warnings.
“Pardon, dear?”
“Sorry,” I said.  “I was just thinking out loud.  You would have been eight years old in 1930.”
“Let me see.  Yes.  That’s right.  We were living in the West End, just off Cambridge Street.  Our whole block is gone now.  Demolished for a parking garage.  Massachusetts General Hospital and its insatiable need for space.”
“The Gostynin Shul was torn down in 1930.  It used to be on Phillips Street, on the north side of Beacon Hill.  Did you ever attend services there when you were a kid?”
"No, dear.  They were very particular about who they let in.  Lithuanians only.  Your Grandma Adelman, your father’s mother, she might have gone there as a child.  Her family was Lithuanian.  But us Poles, no.  They wouldn’t have let us in.  We went to the Vilna Shul nearby.  They had a lot of Lithuanians too, but they were more inclusive.”
“Wasn’t it kind of strange for a shul to be so restrictive?  Why the emphasis on nationality?”
“I don’t really know,” said my grandmother, slurping a bit as she ate her noodles.  “They were an odd group, those Gostynins.  The whole lot of them had come from the same village in Lithuania.  They were obsessive about tradition, and rejected a lot of modern conveniences, kind of like the Amish.  It’s like they were trying to recreate their home village, right in the center of Boston.  Ridiculous, if you ask me.  Why travel all that way, why come to the land of opportunity, only to duplicate an eastern European backwater?”
I nodded thoughtfully, wiping broth off my chin with my napkin.  “Zielinski is a Polish name.  Its seems kind of strange that Marty and Raina Zielinski had in their possession the original 1880 land deed for the Gostynin Shul.  Especially if the shul’s members were so fussy about national origins.”
“Well, Gostynin was a small town in an area that Poland and Lithuania traded back and forth for centuries.  The Germans and the Russians stuck their boots in occasionally too.  The border was fluid, to say the least.  So it's possible that the Zielinski family came from Gostynin but called themselves Poles.  My mother's family came from another part of Poland, on the eastern edge near Russia, and my mother used to say she felt like a football as a child, the way her home village was passed back and forth so often.”
“What about Micah Levy?  Was his family from Gostynin?”
“Oh yes.  Micah’s grandfather was one of the village’s original immigrants to Boston.  He brought their aron kodesh over from the old country.  As I heard the story, he had the Torah scrolls hidden in a suitcase with a false bottom, as if he were a spy or something.  Pretty silly, if you ask me.  It's not like they were valuable.  Gostynin was a poor village.  They didn't have the money to buy silver Torah shields or fancy rimonim.”
Dishes clattered.  I started to rise to help clear the table, but my grandmother fussed at me to sit back down.  
“Would you like some ice cream, dear?  I’ve got a special green tea flavor.  I found it at the Ebisuya market.  It’s quite good.  I couldn’t resist having a little taste of it before dinner.”
“No thanks, bubbe.  I brought home some work I’m eager to get back to.  Actually, it’s those documents of the Zielinskis.  I don’t have the originals anymore, but I’ve got photocopies.  Would you mind helping me?  I need you to read them out loud to me.  Ming didn’t have time to create Braille copies for me.”
“Of course, dear.  You know how I love hearing about your work.  Just let me put the dishes in to soak.”
I heard her footsteps head for the kitchen sink and then veer away towards the front door.  There was a familiar sound – a small bump against the wall.  We had a silver Star of David hanging on the wall near the front door of the apartment, over the box where we kept our snow boots and Delilah’s harness.  My grandmother had gotten into the habit of touching this star as if it were some sort of talisman.  The habit had started after my accident.  My grandmother would touch the star every time she entered or left the apartment.  Lately it had been even more frequent.  She would touch the star each time she passed from her bedroom or the dining room into the kitchen.  I found the habit irritating, but when it was only an occasional thing I had held my tongue.  As the frequency of it increased, however, I tried tactfully to convince her to stop it, without success.  
I had an intense dislike of superstition.  Ritual behavior with no rational basis always reminded me of B.F. Skinner’s pigeons.  The psychologist B.F. Skinner had set up an experiment with several pigeons in a cage.  He had delivered food to them at intervals, and found that the pigeons started making various head-bobs and other movements.  When a food pellet arrived, by coincidence, immediately after a particular head-bob, the pigeon would repeat the movement in an attempt to control its environment, i.e. the arrival of food.  Skinner had deduced that this might be an animal form of superstition.  The similarity to rain dances and other forms of human superstition and religious ritual was striking.  I had described the Skinner experiment to my grandmother, but she had merely remarked that the last time she checked she wasn’t a pigeon.


*	*	*	*


“Joanna, honey.  Wake up.”
I jerked upright, my flailing arm accidentally hitting my grandmother.  I’d been dreaming that Micah Levy was standing over me, his cane in one hand and a piece of glass dripping with blood in the other.  “Jeez, bubbe.  You scared me to death.”  I shoved a hunk of sweat-drenched hair out of my face and pulled on the robe I always left at the foot of the bed.  “What’s the matter?”
“It’s Delilah.  She’s sick.”
I relaxed.  “Bubbe, she’s always sick.  You ought to be used to her touchy stomach by now.  Give me a minute to get dressed and I’ll take her outside to her favorite spot behind the hydrangea bushes.  She can barf up whatever’s bothering her.”
“No, no.  You don’t understand.  She’s really sick.  She’s passed out.  I can’t wake her.”
“Can’t wake her?” I stumbled out of bed and into the living room, where Delilah’s doggy bed was tucked into a corner next to the sofa.  I knelt down and felt for her head.  My hand connected with her nose and I bent closer, trying to hear her breath.  Nothing.  I put my hand on her chest.  At first I thought there was no movement at all, but then I felt her chest expand very slightly.  “She’s breathing, but barely.”  I rushed back to my bedroom, bashing my shoulder against the doorjamb in my hurry.
“Should we call someone, honey?”
“No,” I said, pulling on my snow boots and overcoat.  “The vet doesn’t make house calls.  We’ll need to bring her in.”
“Joanna, she’s seventy pounds.  How on earth are we going to move her?  I guess we could try putting her in my little grocery cart, but I don’t think she’ll fit.”
“I’ll carry her,” I said with more confidence than I felt.  “Are you dressed?”
“Yes, yes.  Don’t worry about me.”
I knelt down beside Delilah again and slid my arms under her, grunting from the strain on my shoulders.  I felt my grandmother’s hands on my back, trying to steady me.
“Don’t hurt your back, honey.  Push with your legs.”
“Right,” I said through gritted teeth, tottering upright with Delilah’s legs swinging awkwardly against my hips.  I shoved her up so that more of her weight was across my shoulder, which helped.  “Okay, let’s go.”  I staggered to the front door, my grandmother steering me with one hand on my arm.
“I wonder if it was the chewy stick,” muttered my grandmother as we hurried down the hall to the elevator.
“What chewy stick?” I asked.  “You know I don’t buy those for her.  She chokes on them.”
“Yes, dear.  I know.  But there was one in the package.  A big rawhide one, shaped like a bone.  I let her gnaw on it.  I didn’t think it would hurt, just this once.”
“What package?”
“It arrived this morning.  Or rather it was waiting on the mat.  I nearly tripped on it when I went to collect the mail.  The return address was the Archives building, so I figured your boss must have sent it.  Such a nice man, that Roger.  Anyway, there was this big chewy stick and a box of dog biscuits inside.”
The elevator arrived.  I set Delilah down inside and held the door open.  “Bubbe, run back and get the chewy stick.  The package too.  Hurry.”



“Poisoned?”  I clutched the edge of the table in the vet’s examining room, Delilah’s labored breathing piercing my heart.  I gingerly felt the IV line in her neck.  The vet was giving her a blood transfusion, as well as vitamin K to help with clotting.
“Yes,” said Mary Villars, the veterinarian who’d cared for Delilah ever since I’d brought her home from guide dog school.  “Warfarin.  It’s a common ingredient in rat poison.  It causes internal bleeding and is frequently fatal.  That rawhide bone you brought in was coated with it.”
“Will she be okay?” asked my grandmother.
She had been nervously patting my arm ever since we’d arrived.  The incessant motion was more aggravating than soothing, and I put my hand over hers to still it.  I knew she was feeling guilty about giving Delilah the rawhide bone.  There was no way she could have known it was dangerous, but a small, angry part of me wanted to place blame.  I took a deep, shuddering breath.  Save the blame for the person who sent the package.
“It was a close call,” said Dr. Villars.  “But I think she’ll be okay.  It’s a good thing you brought her in when you did.  We’ll need to keep her here overnight to monitor her vitals.  You can pick her up tomorrow after 9:00am.  I’ll need to keep the rawhide bone, and the dog biscuits as well.  They’ll be turned over to the police.”
“The police?”  I asked, surprised.  “Will they really bother with something like this?  I mean, won’t they just say she’s only a dog?”
“Not in a case like this,” said Dr. Villars.  “If it’d been an accidental poisoning, then sure.  The police wouldn’t get involved.  But in cases where an animal has been deliberately poisoned, well, the animal tends to be the canary in the coal mine, so to speak.  There have been numerous examples where an abusive spouse will go after the family pet first, and then move on to the wife and kids.”
“But, I don’t want the police involved,” I said, putting a protective arm around my grandmother.  “It’s just the two of us in the household.  I’m afraid the police might blame one of us.”
“That seems unlikely,” said the vet.  “We’ve got this package to show them.  There might be fingerprints on it.  Or maybe they can trace who bought the address labels on the package, though this type is pretty common.  They look like Avery inkjet labels.  We have the same ones here in the clinic.”
There was a crackling of plastic.
“I’m putting the package inside a garbage bag.  That should preserve any evidence.  Why don’t we all go into my office?  My assistant can stay here with Delilah.  I’ll call the police and brew up a pot of tea.  You both look like you could use a cup.”


Chapter Five


"I just can't believe someone poisoned Delilah," said Phillipa.  "Everyone adores her."
"Not everyone," I said, reaching for another piece of naan bread.  "The last time Micah Levy was in my office he threatened to cut her throat."
An alarming crunch suddenly erupted from under our table.
“Phillipa!  Are you feeding her poppadums again?  You know the caraway seeds give her diarrhea.  Remember what happened the last time?  I couldn’t use my office for a week.  We nearly had to call a Hazmat team.”
“Sorry, sorry.  I just couldn’t resist, Jo.  She’s been through such a lot, what with being poisoned and all.  She deserves a treat.  And she was looking up at me with those big, sad eyes.”
I snorted.  “Those big, sad eyes are a total ruse.  I can’t believe you still fall for it.”
Delilah thumped her tail on the floor.  She could always tell when someone was talking about her.  I felt a furry nose push its way onto my knee, sniffing at the steam wafting from my chicken korma.  Restaurant etiquette was not her forte.  As a guide dog she was allowed where other dogs weren't, and she took full advantage of this privilege.  She usually refrained from begging at home, but when we went out to eat she seemed to think the rules went out the window.  I usually managed to resist her begging, but I’d been feeding her treats ever since the poisoning.  I was going to have to stop if I didn’t want her to become hopelessly spoiled.  I snuck her a piece of chicken and then gently pushed her nose off.  I would stop spoiling her tomorrow.  Or maybe the next day.
“Have the police been in touch with you?” asked Phillipa.
“A detective from the North End precinct called me.  I have to admit, I wasn't thrilled to have the police intrude on our lives.  My grandmother is nearly ninety.  I was afraid they might peg her as senile.  You know, batty old broad poisons granddaughter's dog for kicks.  But there hasn't been any mention of that.  They've been professional, and they seem to be doing a pretty thorough job, from what I can tell.  They didn’t find any fingerprints on that package, so now they’re trying to trace the rat poison, though that seems like a dead end to me.  You can buy the stuff at any hardware store.”
“Did you tell them what Micah Levy said?  About cutting Delilah’s throat?”
I hesitated, taking a sip of mint tea.
“Well, did you?”
“Not yet,” I admitted.
“Why on earth not?”
“Because, as much as I dislike Micah, I don’t feel comfortable pointing a finger at him.  I don’t have any proof that he was the one who left that package on our doorstep.”  I stalled, sipping slowly at my tea.  I’d asked Phillipa to join me at our favorite Indian restaurant to talk about a hunch I had, but now that the moment had arrived I was reluctant to bring it up.  It suddenly seemed far-fetched.  I heard a rat-a-tat-tat sound.  Phillipa was drumming her fingernails on the table.
“Spill it, Jo.  I can always tell when you’re hiding something.  Your ears turn red.”
I self-consciously touched my ears, pulling my hair over them.  “I wanted to show you these,” I said, pulling my briefcase onto my lap and fishing around inside for the Braille-tabbed folder Ming had made me.  I handed the folder to Phillipa.
“Aren’t these those Zielinski documents Catherine Lowell shipped off to New York?”
“Yes.  Well, photocopies anyway.  Find the one which looks like a personal letter.  It’s dated September 1, 1930 in the top right corner.”
Papers rustled.  
“Okay.  Here it is.  Boy, this is really ornate handwriting.  I love original source documents, don’t get me wrong.  They’re our profession’s lifeblood.  But damn, I hate trying to decipher other people’s handwriting.  Makes me envious of the historians of the future.  They won’t have to mess with handwritten sources anymore.  All their research will involve emails and other computer-generated documents.  Let me see here . . .  ‘We enjoyed your visit . . . my husband has recovered from his illness. . . hope the children are well . . . give my love to Efrem . . .’  It looks like a letter to a friend, or maybe a relative.  Why is it important?”
“Find the paragraph where it mentions the name Wilbraham.  It’s down toward the bottom of the letter.”
“Wilbraham. . . Okay.  Found it:
"Isaac turned the keys to the shul over to Matthew Wilbraham yesterday.  I wanted a last look inside, but Isaac said the building was empty.  The ark and the bima had already been shipped to our new temple in Dorchester.  There was trouble over the sale of the building.  Many in our community did not want the shul turned over to one of those people.  But Isaac finally convinced them.  He said it was the proper thing to do.  The building had been one of their churches, before we came over from the old country."
Phillipa snorted.  “By ‘those people’ I assume she means Matthew Wilbraham was black.”
“Yes, I think so,” I said.  “Does the name Wilbraham sound familiar to you?  I know I’ve heard it before somewhere, in connection with the underground railroad activities in Boston.”
“Yes.  The Wilbraham family was on the periphery of the circle which revolved around the Haydens and Harriet Tubman back in the mid 1800’s.  What passed for a black upper class in those days.  But that would have been before this Matthew Wilbraham’s time.”
I heard a crackle as she bit into a poppadum.  Delilah’s tail started thumping against the floor again.
“I can do a bit of research, if you want,” said Phillipa.  “Look up the Wilbrahams in some of the diaries we have at the Archives.  But it might be more useful to take the direct route.  We should talk to old Cyrus Jackson, the state senator.  He’s related to the Wilbrahams on his mother’s side.”
She handed back the folder and I tucked it away in my briefcase.
“I’m lost, quite frankly” said Phillipa.  “As a historian I find this all very interesting, but what does it have to do with our darling Delilah getting herself poisoned?”
I picked at the bandage on my left hand.  “The stitches come out tomorrow,” I said.
Phillipa executed a tiny fusillade of fingernail tapping.  “Jo, stick to the matter at hand.”
“Right,” I said, distractedly tearing a hunk of naan bread into tiny pieces and trying to marshal my thoughts into a cohesive argument. “I have this theory that’s been percolating in the back of my mind ever since my excursion to find the Gostynin Shul.  Or rather, to find out where it used to be.  You remember, I mentioned that Ming scooted off to a chemistry class and left me with Brandon Lowell.  Brandon led me to a plaque on one of the buildings on Beacon Hill owned by the Lowells.  It was one of those things the Historical Society puts up for tourists.  It said that Caleb Lowell purchased the shul building from a group of Lithuanian Jews in 1930.”
“Oh. Okay.  Now I see where you’re going with this,” said Phillipa.  “This woman’s letter contradicts that.  She’s saying that the shul was sold to this Matthew Wilbraham in 1930.”
“Exactly.  Her letter suggests that the sale to Caleb Lowell wasn’t legal.  That Matthew Wilbraham was the legal owner of the shul building, and more importantly, the land it stood on.  The Lowell’s are renovating the building currently sitting on that plot of land.  It’s part of a large construction project involving an entire block of buildings that they own on Phillips Street.  Brandon said they’re converting the buildings to condos.  They stand to make millions, possibly tens of millions from the sale of those condos.”
Phillipa let out a low whistle.  “If the Wilbraham family were to come forward and declares themselves the legal owners of one of those buildings it could tie the construction project up in court for years.  The Lowells would have to pay a snootfull of legal fees, and they’d be prevented from selling their condos until the whole mess was straightened out.  Instead of making millions they could lose millions.”
I nodded.  “So, you see, Micah Levy isn't the only person who might have poisoned Delilah.  It could also have been Catherine Lowell.  Or Brandon.”
"Yeah.  If you’re right about this property deed thing then the Lowells definitely have a motive.  You know what this reminds me of?  That horse head in the bed scene from The Godfather.  Nothing says 'keep your nose out of my multi-million dollar construction project' like a dead guide dog."


*	*	*	*


"Brandon Lowell is following us," said Phillipa.
I snorted.  "Oh, come on Phil.  Let's not get paranoid."  
We were standing at the corner of Beacon and Park streets, waiting to cross.  Delilah was in the usual watchful attitude she assumed whenever we had to cross a busy city street.  Through the harness I could feel her muscles tensing.  Indoors she was a hazard on four legs, but outdoors she took her job very seriously.  The light must have changed, because I felt Phillipa tug gently on the sleeve of my coat to pull me forward.  I stepped off the curb, but nearly tripped over Delilah.  She had come to a sudden stop, blocking my path.  A whoosh of marijuana-scented air blew past my face.
"Damn bike messengers," growled Phillpa.  "I swear, they all must be color-blind, the way they can't tell a red light from a green one."
She tucked my arm under hers and nudged me forward again.  Ahead of me I could hear the overly dramatic voice of a TV news reporter.  The front entrance of Boston's State House, with its gold dome towering over Beacon Hill, was a favorite backdrop for the local news shows.  The elegant brick façade with its white Corinthian columns lent an undeserved dignity to the overwrought anchors on channel five.  
Phillipa made a sudden right turn which took me by surprise.
"Where are we going?  Isn't the entrance straight ahead?"  I slowed down, only to have Phillipa tug impatiently at my sleeve.
"I'm headed for the employee entrance.  It's just around the corner."
"Why?  The main entrance is closer."
"Yeah, but I want to see what Brandon does."
She increased her pace, hurrying me along so much that Delilah started growling at her.
"Stop that, darling doggy," said Phillipa.  
"Phil, this is ridiculous," I said, tripping over a piece of broken sidewalk.  "Are you sure it's even Brandon?"
"Oh it's definitely Brandon.  Tall, blonde, dead-ringer for a Norse god.  It's him all right.  He's been back there ever since we left the restaurant."
"Well, even if it is him, you don't know that he's following us.  He's probably just headed in the same direction."
"Joanna Adelman.  Who was it that only half an hour ago was accusing him of poisoning her dog?"
"I know, I know.  But following us?  It seems so silly.  Last time I checked I wasn't on a mission for Her Majesty's Secret Service.  I'm a middle-aged Jewish historian, not James Bond."
"And I'm not Moneypenny.  Not even the new and improved black version.  But that doesn't rule out Brandon snooping on us.  Not if millions of Lowell dollars are at stake."
We made a left turn.  This was an area I'd walked many times when I was sighted, and I knew we'd turned onto Bowdoin Street.  We skirted the State House grounds and the statue of Mary Dyer, a Quaker who'd been hanged by Puritans back in the seventeenth century.
"Careful," said Phillipa.  "The steps are icy."
We climbed the steps to Ashburton Park on the east side of the State House.  My boots squeaked on new-fallen snow as we followed the curved path around Bulfinch’s column in the middle of the park.  The column’s top gave visitors an idea of the original height of Beacon Hill.  After the Civil War a huge urban landfill project had removed soil from the top of the hill to fill in a large marshy area along the Charles River.  The reclaimed area was now called Back Bay, one of Boston’s most upscale areas.
I felt the temperature drop as we stepped into the shadow of a building.  This was the 1895 Annex.  Constructed of yellow brick and Vermont marble, it housed the offices of the state senators and representatives of Massachusetts.  Its style was completely unrelated to the red brick of the original building, and I'd always felt that Charles Bulfinch, the architect of the original 1798 building, would have disapproved of it.
"Go on in, Jo."
I entered the door Phillipa held open for me, and paused uncertainly.  I'd visited the tourist areas of the building several times, but I'd never been in this part of the State House.
"Bag, ma'am."
"Pardon?" I asked.
"It's a security guard, Jo.  He wants to look inside your purse."
"Oh.  Right."  I opened the clasp of my Coach bag, feeling the usual twinge of embarrassment.  The bag had cost several hundred dollars.  My grandmother bought it for me two years ago, after her employment agency had done a record amount of business.  She'd made me throw out my existing purse, a nylon cheapie I'd got at a Filene's Basement sale.  I had a tendency toward personal austerity, which manifested itself in an inability to pay more than thirty dollars for any article of clothing.  Shoes and bags included.  My grandmother called it survivor's guilt, and she was probably right.  My parents died in a house fire when I was in my early twenties.  I'd been away at college at the time, and after the funeral I suddenly acquired a miser-like habit of not buying anything new.  I'd shop at thrift stores and wear clothes until they were literally falling apart.  My grandmother found this cheapness of mine an excellent opportunity to overspend on birthday and Hanukkah gifts for me.
"Damn the boy," said Phillipa.
"What?"
"Brandon.  He's just come in the door.  Well, he isn't trying to hide from us, that's for sure.  He just winked at me."  She tugged on my arm.  "Quick, while he's busy with the guards."
We rushed forward, Phillipa muttering under her breath and me holding mine.  I hated moving quickly in unfamiliar places.  I had an unreasoning fear that I was going to slam face-first into something, even when someone I trusted was guiding me.
"In here," said Phillipa.
I could tell by the sudden lack of echoes that we were in an enclosed space.  "What are we doing in a closet?" I asked.
"It's an elevator," said Phillipa.  "Delilah, back up honey.  You're going to get your nose stuck in the doors."
I pulled back on Delilah's harness and heard the doors clang shut.  We jerked upward with a metallic squeal.  "Yikes.  I think this thing needs some maintenance."
"It's one of those cage elevators.  Probably the original from a century ago."
"I don't understand the point of rushing in here.  Won't Brandon just follow us up?"
"Yes, but if we hurry he won't be able to tell which office we've gone into.  There are hundreds of rooms in this building.  I should know.  I've seen the inside of more of them than I care to remember.  I got good and sick of this building during those committee meetings.  You remember, the hearings on the preservation costs for the Abiel Smith School.  Lord, the amount of time and effort that took.  Just to get a few dollars to preserve one of the most important sites in Boston's African-American history.  It makes my blood boil . . ."
"Phil, you're drifting."
"Sorry.  Cyrus Jackson's office is down at the end of the hall.  If we can nip in there before Brandon gets out of the elevator it's unlikely he'll find us."



Cyrus Jackson was not a shining example of representative democracy.  He'd been involved in more bribery scandals than any state politician in Boston's long and frequently corrupt history.  His political skills included that useful Teflon quality so beloved by politicians, which allowed scandal to slide right off of him, no matter what charges were brought.  He'd been in office for fifty-two years, and played the elder black statesman to the hilt.  In his eighties now, he walked with an eagle-headed cane and had a penchant for three-piece white linen suits, satin vests and ascots.  A sartorial extravagance which was frequently mocked in the press.
"Phillipa, my dear.  It's been much too long."
I heard the bump of his cane as he made his way toward us across the surprisingly large room.  The noise reminded me of Micah Levy, but it was so quiet in comparison to Micah's ponderous thudding that I suspected that Cyrus Jackson didn't really need the cane.  Undoubtedly it was a useful prop for depicting the frailty of old age.  Who but a nasty little bully would bring yet another charge of corruption against an ailing senior citizen?
"Cyrus, honey, it hasn't been that long," said Phillipa with a laugh.  "You were hitting me up for a campaign contribution at that fund raiser only four months ago."
Phillipa and Cyrus were both what could be called players in Boston's black community.  They had worked together in the past, frequently for good causes.  I knew Phillipa was fond of the senator.  She felt he had done a lot for his mostly black constituents in the suburb of Dorchester, south of Boston.  She knew about his fondness for accepting bribes, but felt that it should be weighed against the work he'd done for civil rights.  Both Phillipa and Cyrus were old enough to remember the entrenched bigotry back in the sixties and seventies, when Boston was divided into black neighborhoods and white neighborhoods.  Phillipa still bore a scar on her forearm from a broken bottle thrown at her during a school desegregation march through South Boston in 1974.
As for me, I didn’t think that Cyrus Jackson’s corruption could be dismissed so easily.  Many civil rights leaders had managed to go on to careers in politics without stuffing their pockets.  Frankly, I didn't trust him.  It was with a sense of wariness that I took a seat in front of the senator's desk.
"I see you finally landed yourself the Cabot room," said Phillipa.  "I knew you were gunning for it, but the last time I came to your office you were still in one of the ten-by-ten cubbyholes all the other state senators are packed into."
"Yes, I'm finally here.  Only took fifty years and a whole lot of favors."
"Oh, stop your complaining, old man.  It's lovely.  Jo, you should see this room.  It's huge.  Sort of half-circle shaped, with columns along the wall and a Persian rug fit for a Pasha.  I tell you, we're in the wrong racket."
Cyrus chuckled genially.  "So, ladies, what can I do for you?  Is your friend looking for a spot in one of our training programs, Phillipa?  I believe we do have a few handicapped positions still available."
Phillipa gave me a quick pat on the arm, while I inwardly seethed at the handicapped reference.
"No, no.  Nothing like that, Cyrus.  This is Dr. Adelman.  She works with me at the Archives.  The reason we're here, well it's a long story, but basically it boils down to the name Wilbraham."
"Wilbraham?" said the senator in surprise.  "My mother's relations?  Oh, sweet Jesus.  What have they done now?  If their boy Antwone is holding up liquor stores again . . ."
"No.  It's nothing like that.  Dr. Adelman came across the name during some research she was doing into the Phillips Street area of Beacon Hill.  Jo specializes in the history of Jewish immigration to Boston."
"Jewish immigrants?" said the senator.  "I believe I have some Native Americans among my ancestors, and an Englishman or two, down south in the slavery days, before my great-grandparents came up north, but no Jews, as far as I know."
"It's a particular group of Jews we’re interested in," said Phillipa.  "Immigrants from Lithuania.  And it's not that we think you're related to them, but that one of your relatives may have done business with them, back in the thirties.  A Matthew Wilbraham.  Does the name sound familiar?  He lived here in Boston."
“Matthew.  Hmm.  Yes, I believe my mother had a cousin named Matthew.  I don’t remember him.  That generation is long dead.  No one left.  And I would have been just a small child in the thirties.  I wouldn’t have known about any business transactions our family was involved in.”
“Would you have access to any family documents?” I asked.  “Wills or property deeds would be especially useful.”
There was a long silence.  I suspected that the senator was now regarding me as warily as I regarded him.
“That’s quite an impertinent request, young lady,” he finally said.  “Why should I hand over private family documents to you?”
“It could be very much to your benefit,” I said bluntly.  I had formulated a plan for dealing with the senator while Phillipa had been on the phone at the restaurant, trying to schedule a meeting with him.  The events of the last week were making me increasingly uneasy.  There’d been that strange business of someone leaving the piece of glass on my desk.  Then Micah Levy had come to my office ranting about the Zielinski documents. The very same day I’d discovered that the old Gostynin Shul location mentioned in those same documents was smack in the middle of a large construction project.  And the next day Delilah was poisoned.  It was becoming obvious that someone thought I knew things I shouldn’t.  Things which could harm me, my grandmother, and Delilah.  I felt our best chance for safety was to bring all this out into the open.  Cyrus Jackson, with his love of publicity and his numerous connections in Boston society, was the best chance to give these things a public airing.
Phillipa stirred.  “Are you sure about this, Jo?” she asked, a new note of anxiety in her voice.  “What I mean is, Cyrus, I love you honey, but you do have a tendency to run toward TV cameras the way a moth rushes to a flame.  I don’t know that Jo really wants our conversation repeated on channel five.”
“Yes, I do,” I said.  “That’s exactly what I want.  Mr. Jackson, you and your relations could possibly come into a great deal of money due to what I’m about to tell you.  I’m sure you’re familiar with the Lowell family.  They currently have a large construction project going on in the Phillips Street area of Beacon Hill.  They’re converting several apartment buildings into condos.  I have reason to believe that the ownership of one of those buildings is in dispute.  The Lowells may not be the legal owners.  The Wilbrahams may be.”
Dead silence.  I had expected the senator to jump as soon as money was mentioned.  I waited.
“Well, now,” Cyrus Jackson drawled.  “This is certainly some interesting information.”  I heard a clicking noise I didn’t recognize, until I smelled smoke and realized that the senator had lit a cigar.  “I can see why my Wilbraham relations would be eager to know more about this, but what I don’t understand why you’re so interested in it.  Surely it’s more than just professional curiosity.”
“Let’s just say that I want to see justice done,” I said cautiously.  I wanted the senator to bring this to the attention of the local news media without mentioning my name.  If Catherine Lowell got wind of the fact that I’d leaked private Lowell business to the press she’d have me fired.  My grandmother’s employment agency was doing okay, but we still needed my salary to make the mortgage payments, not to mention the insurance payments on my grandmother’s long-term health care policy.  And I just plain loved my job.  Positions for historians specializing in Jewish culture were few and far between.
“Justice?  Well, that’s certainly a noble reason.  You’ll have to pardon me, though, if I don’t quite believe you.  It seems to me there’s something else going on here.”
“Even if there is,” I said, “it really shouldn’t matter to you.  And I bet you’d become extremely unpopular among your relatives if they found out that you let an opportunity like this slide by.”
Cyrus Jackson chuckled.  “Being unpopular among my mother’s relations is something I could live with.  They’re a worthless bunch, for the most part.  Always asking me for money.”
I heard the creak of his chair as he rose.
“Let me think on this for a bit.  A building on Phillips Street, you said?  I’ll have a look through our family papers, see if I turn up anything.”
I stood as well, reaching for Delilah’s harness.  “Just one thing,” I said. “I have no problem with you discussing this with anyone, but I’d appreciate it if you kept my name out of it.  Phillipa’s too.”
“Hmm,” said the senator.  “Have your secrets, do you?  All right.  I suppose if I find out anything there’s no real need to involve you.  I can just head straight for the Lowells.  I’m sure they’ll be thrilled to find out that they’re going to be sharing some of their fortune with the Wilbrahams.  Maybe I’ll even throw everyone a get-acquainted party.  I bet Catherine Lowell will be delighted to meet Antwone.”


Chapter Six


I sat at my desk, chin in hands, and stared, well, not out of the window, but in its general direction.  No consequences of our visit to Cyrus Jackson had manifested themselves yet, and the waiting was making me edgy.  I found it impossible to concentrate.
Ming had left a present on my desk.  She'd managed to convert some 1894 cylinder recordings of Klezmer music onto a CD for me.  Not an easy task, considering the equipment used to read the cylinders hadn't been manufactured for over a century.  I suspected that she'd roped in some of her pals at the Harvard music department.  The recordings had been donated to the Archives last week.  I'd been eager to listen to them, but in all the trouble stirred up by the Zielinski documents I’d forgotten about them.
I loaded the disk into the CD player on my desk and listened to a scratchy recording of Yishtabach while running my fingers through Delilah's silky fur.  She was sitting next to my chair, her head in my lap.  Normally when we were in my office she'd head straight for her dog bed, but today she seemed to sense that I needed comforting.  She hadn't suffered any ill effects from her battle with Warfarin poisoning, not as far as I could tell.  Her appetite was a bit less than usual, but the vet said that was normal and would soon right itself.
If only life in general would right itself.  Things seemed fragile at the moment.  My job, for instance.  My job stability at the Archives had always been tenuous.  With Catherine Lowell as chairman of the board Roger Davenport had a constant battle on his hands to keep me.  My area of study rankled Catherine’s anti-Semitism like a burr under a horse's saddle. And now, with the Gostynin Shul business I'd become embroiled in, she'd have even more reason to want me out.
I could look for another job, but the idea filled me with horror.  It would probably involve moving to another city, a possibility I couldn't even contemplate.  I'd grown up in Boston, and I loved the city, but it wasn't really about that.  It was the fact that living in a new city meant I would lose my mental map.  Since I'd lived in Boston for decades prior to losing my eyesight I had a detailed mental picture of its streets, buildings, parks, and landmarks.  When I walked through the city with Delilah I could no longer see these things, but I had a sort of virtual reality movie I could run in my head as we walked down familiar streets.  Sure, it was five years out of date, and minor changes would occasionally take me by surprise, but Boston was an old city.  It had a large historical core, which various preservation societies worked to keep as unchanging as possible.  I could walk the old neighborhoods of Beacon Hill, Back Bay and the South End with relative ease, not counting the homicidal cab driver or two.
It made me feel weak and pathetic, but the hard truth was that I didn't feel up to a change of location.  Even short trips made me uneasy.  I had traveled in my twenties and thirties, to Europe, to Israel, to Japan.  Now, though, the occasional weekend in Cape Cod or the White Mountains of New Hampshire was about all I could handle.  I would sit on the beach listening to the waves, or on a cabin's porch breathing in the scent of the pines.  I would feel relaxed and adrift at the same time.  Floating in a sea of pleasant smells and sounds without any visual cues to anchor me in place.  While I supposed the sensation could be termed meditative, I couldn't imagine spending the rest of my life in that type of unmapped darkness.  I needed my visual memories to feel whole.
A sharp rat-tat-tat on my office door broke into my thoughts.
"Hey, Jo.  Come on," said Phillipa. "Into the break room.  Cyrus Jackson is on TV.  He's holding a press conference."



"It was a dirty, underhanded scheme designed to destroy the legal rights of a black American."
"Oh boy," I said.  "Cyrus certainly sounds riled up.  I wonder if the outrage is real or faked for the TV cameras."
"Probably a little of both," said Phillipa.  
We took seats at a wobbly Formica table.  The break room had been used for coal storage back in the 1890's and puffs of soot would still occasionally flow from the air ducts like tubercular exhalations.  The TV set, a microwave, and two huge horsehair sofas acquired from an estate sale gave the room a semblance of creature comforts.
I strained my ears for background noises.  "Is there anyone else here?" I whispered.
"Nope," said Phillipa.  "The coast is clear."
I relaxed a little.  "Good.  I know I agreed to this whole Cyrus thing, but now that the you-know-what has hit the proverbial fan I'm wondering if we did the right thing."
"Well, it's too late now."
"Thanks, Phil," I said drily.  "That's comforting."
"Shh.  Pay attention."  She turned the volume up on the TV.
"So what you're saying, Senator Jackson, is that the Lowell family cheated you and your relatives out of a good deal of money.  That's quite a spectacular claim.  Can you prove it?"
The reporter was Lisa Mondell, a young journalist on the rise, or on the make, depending on your point of view.  She had a reputation for tabloid-style investigations:  low on evidence and overwrought even by local TV news standards.
"I most certainly can prove it, Lisa.  I have here a copy of the will of Matthew Wilbraham, a cousin of my late mother's.  First cousin.  They were very close, those two.  Like peas in a pod.  Matthew had no children of his own, so he left his estate to his only remaining family member: my mother, God rest her soul.  Let me tell you, Lisa, family meant something back then.  It was the foundation of society, its bedrock.  Not like nowadays . . ."
"You realize, of course, senator, that the Lowells will almost certainly dispute your claim.  If you could just read the relevant passage from your mother's will."
"Of course, my dear.  Excuse me while I put on my reading glasses.  Let me see, it's on the second page . . .  Here it is:  in addition to my household goods I also bequeath to Pearl Wilbraham my property at 22 Phillips Street in Boston, to be delivered to her at my decease by my executor."
"22 Phillips Street.  On Beacon Hill.  Now, from what I understand, the building at this address is part of a large construction project begun recently by the Lowell family."
"That is correct, Lisa.  The Lowells are renovating and claiming ownership of a property which they do not in fact own.  I will fight this travesty in the courts.  I will fight it in the press.  I will bring this before the legislature of Massachusetts.  This base thievery shall not stand.  It is an affront, not just to me and to my family, but to all Bostonians of African-American heritage."
"One last question, senator.  I understand that your late mother died some years ago.  Why is this issue only now coming to light?"
"I am afraid, Lisa, that my dear departed mother was not in her right mind for several years before her death.  She misplaced things.  Misplaced personal papers, her will included.  I gave up looking for her last will and testament nearly a decade ago.  I thought it lost for good.  It was only after receiving some new information regarding this Phillips Street property that I resumed my search.  Luckily I had kept many of my mother’s personal belongings.  I found the document, tucked inside an inner pocket of one of her handbags, only hours ago."
"What was the source of this new information?"
"I am not at liberty to say, at the moment.  It may come out if this issue goes to trial, but for now let's just say my benefactor is a friend of a friend."
"Certainly an interesting story.  One which we will continue to monitor.  This is Lisa Mondell for Channel Five news."
Phillipa turned off the set.  "Well, he didn't mention you."
"No, he didn't," I said, my shoulders relaxing a little.  "A will.  That's certainly strong evidence of ownership.  I'd been expecting something more indirect, like the letters in the Zielinski documents.  Suggestive, but not legally binding."
The table tilted as Phillipa rose.  "I'll make us some tea.  Roger ordered a new brand of Orange Spice.  It's quite tasty."  The microwave pinged as she opened the door.  "You know, the will is only legally binding if Matthew Wilbraham actually owned the property at 22 Phillips Street.  If he didn't then the will is useless."
"Yes, you're right," I said thoughtfully, inhaling the steam rising from the mug she'd set before me.  Cinnamon, cloves, and orange peel.  I blew on the tea and took a sip.  Hmm.  It smelled better than it tasted.  I felt for the bowl of sugar cubes and dumped four into my mug.  "Who owned the property in 1930?  That's the key issue.  Somehow, I think Matthew Wilbraham was in fact the legal owner."
"Why do you say that?"
"Because of Micah Levy's over-the-top reaction to the Zielinski documents.  We've been focusing on the Lowells and the Wilbrahams, but we've forgotten about the group of Lithuanian Jews who supposedly sold their shul to Matthew.  Micah Levy is a direct descendant of those Lithuanian immigrants."
"Even if he is, why would he care who owns 22 Phillips Street?   Granted, a lot of money may be at stake, but as far as I can see it would only benefit the Lowells or the Wilbrahams.  It wouldn't affect Micah Levy one way or the other."
We fell silent as footsteps approached.  
“Oh, my gosh.  What a commotion! Do you mind if I hide in here with you?”
It was Pamela Whitman, the new docent.  Delilah’s wagging tail started whapping against my leg.  She had followed us into the break room and settled under the table, but now she emerged, ready to be petted and fawned over.
“Well, hello sweet Delilah.  Dr. Adelman, is it okay if I give her a sugar cookie?  I have a plate here I baked for the staff.  I was bringing it up to the boardroom when, oh my goodness.  I need to sit down.  I’m still quite shaken.”
“Have a seat, Pam,” I said.  I felt for the plate she had set on the table and fed one of the star-shaped cookies to Delilah.  “What happened?”
“It was Mrs. Lowell,” said Pam in a breathless voice.  “She threw a vase at me.  Right at my head.  I ducked just in time and it shattered against the wall.”
I could almost feel Phillipa staring at me.  I knew we were both thinking the same thing:  Catherine Lowell had seen Cyrus Jackson's appearance on the local news.
“That’s terrible,” I said warily.  “There’s no excuse for behavior like that.  Was she mad at you?”
“No, I don’t think it was about me at all,” said Pam.  “She and her son were watching a news program on the TV in the boardroom.  I noticed that they both seemed upset about something, so I tried to be as quiet as possible.  I was just going to put the cookies on the table and leave, but Mrs. Lowell saw me.  She yelled something at me which I won’t repeat.  It was extremely unladylike.  And then she grabbed that small Chinese-looking vase on the mantelpiece and threw it right at me.  I hope it wasn’t an antique.”


*	*	*	*


I coaxed Delilah into the subway car.  The metallic screech of the trains as they arrived on the platform always made her twitchy.  She would shy like a nervous racehorse when the train stopped in front of us, but once we were onboard and I'd found a seat she was in Delilah-heaven.  She would wriggle until I let go of her harness and then she'd go into her routine in front of all the passengers:  pet me, love me, and most of all feed me.  I’m so adorable you can’t resist me, and you know it.  She would wander the car, seeking the most gullible looking people and any snacks they might be carrying.  Generally it was elderly ladies who would pull out tidbits from the grocery shopping they had just done, but businesspeople with sack lunches were not immune to her charms.  Most people would ask me before they fed her something, and I never had the heart to say no.  I would cross my fingers and hope that the treats didn’t cause a train-clearing gas attack.  The chipotle sausage incident was the only time we’d actually been kicked off a train.  Delilah had deposited a puddle of chemical-warfare diarrhea in the middle of the carriage and the driver of the train had ordered us to exit at the next stop and find a cab.
Today’s trip was thankfully uneventful.  We got off the train at the Coolidge Corner stop in Brookline and made our way slowly down Harvard Avenue.  Brookline was a well-to-do suburb to the west of Boston.  I was familiar with it from my college days at Boston University, which was nearby.  Harvard Avenue was the main artery through Brookline.  It funneled traffic from Cambridge across the Charles River and on into the southern suburbs.  Traffic was always heavy, and the sidewalks were clogged with students and parents pushing strollers.  We made our way slowly through the crowd.  Delilah dodged from side to side, trying to avoid the waves of people coming toward her.  When she was on her home turf in the North End or on Beacon Hill she would usually plow straight ahead, ignoring oncoming pedestrians.  She'd been taught to navigate that way at guide dog school because sudden changes of direction could cause a blind person to fall.  It was difficult to keep your balance when you had no visual references.  But in an unfamiliar area she tended to be skittish.  Her snaking motion through the crowd was making me so dizzy I finally had to give her a Stop command and lean against a building for support.
"Are you all right, ma'am?"
It was a young girl's voice.  I guessed she was about thirteen, judging by the smell of acne cream and exuberantly applied perfume.
"I'm okay.  I'd just like to sit down for a minute.  Is there a bench nearby?"
"Sure, there's one in front of Bagel City.  It's right next door."
I felt a gentle tug on my arm and let her guide me to the bench. 
"This place makes the best cinnamon bagels.  Would you like me to get you one?"
I reached into my purse and pulled a five dollar bill out of my wallet.  I'd had the wallet custom made for me by a tailor in the North End.  It had separate compartments for each denomination, so that I wouldn't mistake a one dollar bill for a twenty.
"Why don't you get one for me, one for yourself, and one for Delilah here."
"Sure.  I'll be right back."
Delilah plopped down at my feet and licked my hand, as if to say how sorry she was for her lapse in proper navigational technique.  
"Here we go, right out of the oven.  They do them the right way here, you know.  They boil 'em in those big vats to make them chewy.  I got a plain one for your dog.  I thought she might like that better than cinnamon.  Can I feed it to her?"
"Sure," I said.  "Just break it into smaller pieces."
We sat in silence for a while, companionably munching.
"So where are you headed, anyway?  I could take you there.  I know the area real well.  I live on Brighton Ave, about three blocks that way.  Um, I mean about three blocks to your left."
"We're headed for Temple Emanuel.  Do you know it?"
"Oh sure.  My friend Evie goes there on Saturdays.  She's Jewish.  Saturday is like their Sunday, if you know what I mean.  Evie has an older brother called Meyer.  He is sooo cute.  He looks just like Robert Pattinson, you know, from Twilight?  The vampire.  He and Meyer could be twins.  I'm sooo glad that Evie's family are normal Jews.  Not, you know, the ones who wear those black hats and those goofy ringlets.  Can you imagine a vampire with ringlets?  They’d be all sexy, ready to bite someone on the neck with their fangs, and then their ringlets would fall in their face.  The person they were supposed to bite would get the giggles and decide they didn't feel like being bitten after all."
By the time we reached Temple Emanuel I had heard far more about vampires than I ever wanted to know.  I was heartily sick of werewolves too.
Temple Emanuel was a Reform synagogue.  Brookline had Boston’s largest concentration of Jewish residents, and there were temples for every flavor of worship, from barely-religious to ultra-orthodox.  As a woman, the latter was something I avoided whenever possible.  My work occasionally brought me into contact with the orthodox Haredi, but the sect was rare in Boston.  Micah Levy was a haredi, and he was certainly sexist enough for them, but even he didn’t follow all thirty-nine melakhot of prohibited activities on the Sabbath, or go in for the full costume of black suit, black hat and ringlets.
Fortunately Temple Emanuel had a reputation for being easygoing and tolerant.  I had come to see Rabbi Moshe Kamenetsky.  My grandmother had told me that he had ties to the same group of Lithuanian immigrants which Micah Levy descended from.  She knew the Rabbi from one of her many "field trips", as she called them.  She was fond of attending Friday night Shabbat services at a different synagogue every week.  She would hop on the T and travel to one of Boston's suburbs in search of new people to meet and new cantors to listen to.  This habit, and the fact that she'd lived in Boston for all of her eighty-eight years made her a well-known figure in the Jewish community.
"Dr. Adelman, it is a pleasure to meet you."
I stopped on the steps of the synagogue, rather startled.  I hadn't expected anyone to be waiting for me, especially not outside.  Someone took my hand in a firm grasp.  
"Rabbi Kamenetsky?" I asked uncertainly.
"Yes, yes, that is me.  But please, call me Moshe.  Here take my arm.  We will have a nice little chat, yes?  Let me get the door.  Watch your nose, my dear doggy."
We entered a vestibule with very odd acoustics.  Over the years I'd developed a talent for guessing the proportions of a room from its echoes.  Older buildings tended to have large rooms with high ceilings and marble or wood floors which produced a resonant, hollow sound.  Modern buildings were usually low-ceilinged and carpeted, with small rooms which muted sounds.  The entrance to Temple Emanuel I couldn't figure out at all.  Sounds seemed to bounce off each other at strange angles and then peter off into a void.  I'd never visited this particular synagogue when I was sighted, so I had no clue what the place looked like.
"Is this a new building?" I asked the Rabbi.  "I'm getting a kind of modern feeling from it.  From the way noises move around the space."
"No, no, it is not new.  It was built in the forties by a local architect who was a great admirer of Frank Lloyd Wright.  You have perhaps seen photographs of Fallingwater, Wright's famous house in Pennsylvania, where there are stone columns and balconies jutting out here, there, and everywhere.  Our temple is like that.  Between you and me, dear Dr. Adelman, the cantors do not like the design very much.  They tell me that for their singing the acoustics are very bad, apparently.  Myself, I am afraid I am rather tone deaf and do not notice such things.  Now here is my office.  You sit and I will pour us two coffees.  One of our members brought us a new blend of coffee beans from Mozambique which I am very fond of."
I settled into the chair he guided me to and Delilah lay down at my feet.  Or rather, on my feet.  It was a habit she used to have when I'd first gotten her from the guide dog center.  I'd gradually trained her not to do it, but ever since her brush with Warfarin poisoning she'd started it again.
"Now, Dr. Adelman . . . "
"Please, call me Joanna."
"Certainly, if you wish.  So, Rose has spoken to me on the phone.  She says you are interested in the family of Micah Levy?"
The name Rose took me by surprise.  It took me a minute to realize that he was referring to my grandmother.  When I'd first moved in with her after the accident she had suggested that I call her Rose, but I'd never been able to get used to it.  It seemed disrespectful.
I took a sip of coffee.  "Yes.  I was wondering if you could tell me about his parents."
"His parents?  This is a genealogy project, yes?  For your work?"
"Sort of.  I'm interested in learning more about a group of Lithuanian Jews who immigrated to Boston around 1880 and settled on the north slope of Beacon Hill."
"Ah, yes.  The Gostynin group.  They all came from the same village, Gostynin, in the southwest of Lithuania.  My own mother, she was one of them, but not part of the original group.  She was part of a second wave of immigrants from the same village who came over here in 1910."
"So she would have known the Levy family?"
"Oh, yes.  That group, it was very tight-knit.  Everyone knew everyone.  Micah Levy's father, Aaron, he asked for my mother's hand."
I froze, surprised, with my cup of coffee halfway to my lips.  "Her hand?  You mean they were married?"
"No, no.  My mother refused him.  It was a big scandal, as they say.  She accused him of doing something very bad, and refused his proposal.  A year later she married a man outside of their group, which was also a big scandal."
"She said he did something very bad?  Did she ever tell you what it was?"
"No, I am afraid she never told me.  She said no one outside the group knew about it.  It was a big mystery.  They were very insular, very secretive, those Gostynins.  After my mother's marriage she left the group, or more likely, they pushed her out.  They couldn't abide outsiders.  Nowadays they would be called a cult."
I tapped a finger on the arm of my chair, trying to think.  “I don’t suppose your mother is still with us?”
Rabbi Kamenetsky chuckled.  “My dear Joanna, I know you cannot see me, so perhaps you are imagining me a young and handsome figure, but alas, no.  I am nearly eighty, and my dear mother has been dead for over twenty years.”
I nodded.  “Would you happen to know anyone else I could talk to?  Other members of the Gostynin group?”
“No, I am sorry.  That group disbanded in my mother’s generation.  The cult dissolved, so to speak.  I believe many of them moved to New York state.  To those towns such as Kiryas Yoel, full of orthodox sects where idiots try to wall themselves off from the rest of the country.  For people obsessed with living in the past, you’d think they would have learned the lessons of history.  Isolation never works.  It leads to nothing but stagnation and decay.  You have to adapt to the times you live in.  No, the Gostynin group is no more.  Micah Levy is the last one left in Boston.”
I sighed.  Another dead-end.  I thanked the Rabbi for his time and he escorted me and Delilah back through the odd echoes of Temple Emanuel.
We paused on the steps of the temple, enjoying the weak March sunshine.  
“If I might make a small suggestion, my dear Joanna,” said Rabbi Kamenetsky.”
“Yes, of course.”  I held Delilah’s harness more tightly.  She was wriggling under my grasp, eager to sniff out the new scents of this unfamiliar neighborhood.  Delilah’s doggy instincts had a tendency to overcome her training.  She hadn’t been top of her class at guide dog school, in fact, I’d been advised to chose another dog.  But I hadn’t been able to resist her personality, which was occasionally ornery but always loveable.
“I’ve known Micah Levy for many, many years,” said Rabbi Kamenetsky.  “It pains me to speak ill of anyone, but Micah is not a nice person.  I’ve known him to react very spitefully to people who anger him.  I would hate for him to turn his anger on you.  Perhaps it would be best to let this matter rest.”



On the train ride home I mulled over Rabbi Kamenetsky’s last words.  The historian in me wanted to dig deeper, find out more about the Gostynin group, but I wasn’t going to risk the lives of my grandmother or Delilah for such a trivial reason.  Now that Cyrus Jackson had made his declaration on local TV to go after the Lowell millions I felt less under attack.  The name Matthew Wilbraham was now public knowledge, so the Lowells had no reason to single me out.  And I hadn’t heard from Micah Levy since his ranting visit to my office a week ago.  It was time, as the Rabbi said, to let things rest.


Chapter Seven


Delilah was in danger of getting kicked out of the guide dog club.  She’d always been a bit of a free spirit, sniffing at interesting smells when she should have been paying attention to where she was leading me.  When it really counted – crossing busy intersections – she was the consummate professional, but when we were safely back on the sidewalk she had a tendency to forget her training and wander here and there like a hyperactive puppy.  I’d crashed into other pedestrians so many times that it didn’t faze me anymore when I got a full Starbucks latte spilled down my front.
Today Delilah was trying to behave herself.  It was a Sunday afternoon, and we were getting our exercise on the Harborwalk, a three-mile long walkway that started in Boston’s North End, not far from my apartment.  The day was cold but sunny, and from what I could tell the walkway was clear of ice and snow.  I was bundled up in boots and a heavy woolen overcoat, and Delilah had her plaid coat on under her harness.  We followed the Harborwalk along the contours of Boston harbor, passing waterside restaurants, old fishing piers, and the ferries which transported summertime tourists out to the Harbor Islands and Cape Cod.
I liked the Harborwalk because it was away from car traffic and the hollow sound my footsteps made on its wooden planks made it easy for me to follow the path.  Low posts joined with loops of chain bordered the walkway and kept pedestrians from falling into the water.  I would sometimes take the walk without Delilah, using these posts to guide my cane.  The sounds and smells of the harbor frequently sent Delilah into a frenzied delight which turned the walk into a wrestling match.  Sometimes it was just easier to leave her at home.
But today I had risked it.  We strolled along Long Wharf, with its ferries moored for the winter, their metal hulls creaking loudly every time the wake of a passing water taxi rubbed them up against tar-covered pilings.  Delilah gave a little answering yip each time a seagull squawked nearby, but otherwise she walked demurely beside me.  I could hear the throb of a large engine close by, probably a yacht braving the wintertime journey from Cape Cod or Nantucket.  We had just stepped onto the pier which passed alongside the New England Aquarium when it happened.  
The bark of a seal came from the depths of the aquarium building.  Seal barks and seal smells were like crack cocaine to Delilah.  With a sudden jolt she pulled away from me and ran toward the noise.  I started to follow her when I heard the loud rumble of a skateboard speeding along the wooden planks of the pier.  I froze, not wanting to get knocked down.  I’d been clobbered by skateboarders before, and had no wish for a repeat.
The noise of the skateboard got closer.  I put out a hand to warn the rider off, when all of a sudden someone shoved me.  Hard.  I tottered, trying to regain my balance, but it was no use.  I fell.  Not onto the rough wooden boards of the walkway, as I’d been expecting, but into thin air.  I swung my arms wildly, grappling with empty space before crashing head first into the icy water of the harbor.  
I hadn't had time to close my mouth before I hit the water.  I choked and retched, swallowing a lungful of frigid water as I sank deeper and deeper.  I was a decent swimmer, but my boots and heavy overcoat weighed me down.  My panic wasn't helping either.  This wasn't the warm, clean water of the pool at my gym, with its lifeguards and its roped-off lanes to guide me.  I forced myself to stop thrashing.  My feet bumped up against something, and I realized that I had hit the bottom.  A wave of relief washed through me.  I wasn't going to drown after all.  I couldn't be in more than twenty feet of water.  I held what little breath I had left, kicked off my boots and wrestled my way out of my overcoat.  I bent my knees and pushed off the bottom, trying to swim straight up toward the surface.  I couldn't afford to get disoriented and start swimming in the wrong direction.  There wasn't enough air left in my lungs.
I burst through the surface, retching and colder than I'd ever been in my life, but alive.  I tread water, vomiting up the sea water that had been trapped in my throat.  Once I could breath again I tried to listen for voices.  Surely someone had seen me fall.  The large engines of the yacht I had heard earlier were still throbbing nearby, making it difficult to pick out other sounds.  I thought I could hear Delilah barking, but that was it.  No human voices reassured me that help was on the way.  I knew I had to get out of the water quickly, before hypothermia set in.  My arms and legs were already sluggish from the cold.  I swam toward the sound of Delilah's barking.  She was near the aquarium, and I knew that it had a small dock where its research boats were moored.  The dock was the floating type, resting on the surface of the water.  It should be easy enough to pull myself onto it.  If I could find it.
I swore as my hand suddenly jammed painfully into a wooden piling.  It was one of the posts supporting the walkway, at least ten feet above me.  I tried to hold onto the post, but its slimy, tar-covered surface was as slippery as ice.  Trying to climb up the piling was impossible.  I gave up and swam away from it, out to where someone standing on the walkway could see me.
"Help!" I yelled as loudly as I could.  "Down here, in the water.  I need help."
The only one to respond was Delilah, who barked frantically.  I afraid she would jump in, which wouldn't help either of us.  The water was choppy from the wake of the nearby yacht, and tiny waves kept hitting me in the face as I attempted a feeble breast stroke.  I switched to a crawl, which kept me from swallowing as much water, but was much more tiring.  The jeans and woolen sweater I was wearing felt like cement.  I was nearly at the end of my strength when my hand touched something plastic floating on the water.  A buoy.  I grabbed at it.  It was attached to a rope floating on the surface.  I pulled myself along the rope and encountered buoys every few feet.  Surely it must lead to something.
"Honey, you're going the wrong way! Turn around!"
I gasped in relief.  Finally.  I let go of the rope and started treading water.  "I'm blind," I yelled as loudly as I could in the direction of the voice.  "You need to tell me where to go."  There was a long pause.  I waited anxiously, listening for any sound.  Surely the person wouldn't have just abandoned me.  Maybe she'd gone to get help.  The voice had sounded elderly.  Not the ideal lifesaving candidate.
"Sorry, honey.  I got my walker stuck in between these darn boards.  I'm over here, to your left.  Swim toward my voice, about twenty feet.  There's an iron ladder which goes into the water.  It's a bit rusty, but I think it will hold you."
I took a few strokes, but my strength was nearly gone.  I started to slip under the water.  I had to turn over and float on my back just to keep from going under.
"Honey, you can't stay in there!  You'll freeze to death.  Come on now.  It's not far."
I groaned and flipped over, dog-paddling toward her voice.
"That's it.  Just a few more feet.  Okay, stop.  You're at the ladder.  Just come forward a few feet.  That's it.  The bottom rung of the ladder is right above you."
I reached up as far as I could.
“Stretch, honey.  It’s about six inches higher.”
After a flurry of kicking I managed to get both hands on the rung.  It was slippery with ice.  I swung my feet forward, trying to find something to push against, but there was nothing but water.  To get onto the ladder I'd have to do a pull-up, something I'd never had the strength for even when I wasn't exhausted.
"I can't pull myself up," I gasped.  "You need to go get help."
"Okay, don't panic, honey.  Just hang there.  Save your strength.  I called 911 as soon as I saw you go into the water.  They should be here soon.  Lucky for you I was looking out my window just then.  I live in the India Towers, just over there.  Well, you can't see it, of course, but you probably know which I mean.  That big apartment building, right on the water.  I'm just going to keep talking to you honey.  Until they come.  It won't be long now.  I. . ."
I heard the sound of a siren.  The relief was so great that I nearly lost my grip on the metal rung.
"Okay, here they come.  Two of them, a young girl with a stretcher and nice strong-looking young man.  I'm sure they'll have you out of there in no time.  I have your dog here.  She's just in a panic about you.  But, don't worry I've got a good hold on her.  I'll make sure they put her in the ambulance with you."


*	*	*	*


“Fifteen?  A kid?  You’ve got to be kidding.”  I tucked my hands deeper under the electric blanket.  The tips of my fingers had some minor frostbite, and they ached.  I was in a hospital bed, surrounded by my grandmother, Phillipa, Ming, and a police detective.  “A kid tried to kill me?”
“Well, we aren’t sure he was trying to kill you,” said the detective.  “The old lady, excuse me, the elderly lady who saw him crash into you couldn’t tell if it was an accident or not.  She says she didn’t have her glasses on.  She’s also not real sure about his age.  She says somewhere around fifteen or sixteen.”
My grandmother snorted.  “This kid didn’t try to help her after he knocked her into Boston harbor.  He just took off and left her to drown.  Isn’t that suspicious?”
“Maybe,” said the detective.  “Or he could have just panicked.  Took off because he didn’t want to get in trouble.”
I heard papers rustle as the detective flipped through his notebook.  His name was Mark Gutierrez, the same person who’d called me after Delilah was poisoned.  He sounded extremely young to my middle-aged ears, but he seemed competent enough.  After a visit to the emergency room I’d been admitted to Massachusetts General Hospital with hypothermia and frostbite on my fingers and toes.  I was feeling achy and tired, and wanted nothing more than to huddle under the wonderfully warm electric blanket and go to sleep.  I yawned widely, but Detective Gutierrez didn’t take the hint.
“Your dog was poisoned two days ago.  And your grandmother told me about the piece of glass someone left on your desk, and how you cut yourself on it.  And now this business of pushing you into the harbor.  There seems to be a pattern here.  Though I’m reserving judgment, these kinds of acts don’t really seem homicidal.  More like petty revenge.  Does someone have a grudge against you, Dr. Adelman?”
“Micah,” said Ming.
“The Lowells,” said Phillipa.
“Well, we certainly don’t seem to be lacking in candidates.  Okay.  Who’s Micah?”
“An awful, awful person,” said Ming, making a little whap-whap sound as she tapped her flip-flop on the tile floor.  “He’s an old haredi who haunts the Archives.  That’s where we work.  He tromps around with his cane, bullying and swearing at people.  He thinks any Jewish documents which are donated to our collection are his personal property, and he threatened to cut Delilah’s throat.  Me and Joanna both heard him.  So I nominate him for the Warfarin poisoning.  And he’s certainly capable of the other stuff, too.  Well, maybe not the skateboarding.  He’s at least a hundred and fifty years old, and he’s got a bum leg.  But he could have paid this kid to push Joanna into the harbor.”
“Maybe,” said the detective noncommittally.  “What’s this Micah’s last name?”
“Levy.  Micah Levy.”
“Levy.”  There was a silence as the detective rifled through his notebook again.  “I don’t have him listed here.  After your vet reported the Warfarin poisoning I spoke to everyone you work with, Dr. Adelman, because the package containing the poisoned dog treats had a return address of the Archives building.  But I didn’t speak to a Micah Levy.  Is he an employee there?”
“No, he’s not an employee” I said.  “He’s a member.  The Archives is a museum, but it’s also a member’s library.  Kind of a private library that people can join.  They pay an annual membership fee, and it gives them access to our reading rooms and our collections.”
“So this Micah Levy has access to the entire Archives building?  To your office, for instance, if he wanted to leave a sharp piece of glass on your desk?”
I wriggled my toes.  The painful tingling of the frostbite was starting to wear off and I really, really just wanted to sleep.  My eyelids started to close.
"Dr. Adelman, did you hear me?"
"Yes, yes," I said irritably, pulling myself up into a sitting position.  The hospital-issue bathrobe I had on over my gown smelled of sweat and rancid turkey gravy.  I awkwardly divested myself of it and pulled the electric blanket up to my neck.  “I heard you.  Members of the library are supposed to keep to the public rooms.  They're not allowed in certain areas, like the document preservation rooms.  But other than Izzy, a semi-retired guard, and a vault where the most valuable documents are kept, there’s not much security.  Micah could have gotten into my office easily enough.  I don’t lock it.  There’s no need.  I don’t keep anything valuable in there.  If I have something checked out from the vault I return it before I leave for the day.”
Phillipa cleared her throat.  “We're focusing on Micah, but it seems to me that the Lowells have more reason to harm Joanna than he does.”
“Yes, the Lowells,” said Detective Gutierrez.  “I was getting to them.  Not eagerly, I admit, but I was getting to them.  I spoke to Brandon Lowell after the poisoning incident.  It wasn’t an in-depth questioning, by any stretch.  I tread carefully.  All right, I admit I might have coddled him a bit.  Because we had no evidence against him, but mainly because of his family.  The Lowell’s aren’t above the law, but they certainly can go head to head with it.  The Police Commissioner is regularly invited to Catherine Lowell’s dinner parties, and I’m sure he wants to continue to be invited.”
"Did you talk to Catherine Lowell when you were going around interviewing everyone about the poisoning?" asked my grandmother.
"No," said the detective.
"Why on earth not?  She works at the Archives too.  She's chairman of the board."
"Ma'am, I'm not going to talk to Catherine Lowell unless I get a direct order from my lieutenant.  I have two young kids to support.  I need my job."
"It's as simple as that, is it?" asked my grandmother.
"Yes, it's as simple as that."
"But," sputtered Phillipa, "what about the Zielinski documents?  What about 22 Phillips Street?  You must have seen Cyrus Jackson talking about that on TV.  He's been on all the local news shows, plus Boston Today and every other talk show he can get on.  He's accusing the Lowells of fraud, theft, and who knows what else."
"Yes, I've heard of the whole property dispute they've got going, but I don't see how that relates to these attacks on Dr. Adelman.  What are the Zielinski documents?"
"They're . . ." began Phillipa.
"Phil," I said quickly.  "Could you get me a Coke or a Pepsi?  There must be a vending machine somewhere.  I'm really thirsty."
"Hmm," said Phillipa.
There was a pause.  I knew Phillipa staring at me, and I guessed that everyone else was probably staring at her.  I thought I was going to have to ask her again, but finally she grudgingly excused herself and left the room.
I didn't want my part in uncovering the 22 Phillips Street business known to the police.  Not yet anyway.  I was less convinced than Phillipa that the Lowells were involved in the attacks on me and Delilah.  I agreed with Detective Gutierrez.  They seemed more like petty revenge, and petty revenge was right up Micah Levy's alley.  I wasn't going to make any false accusations against Micah, but I wasn't going to help Phillipa point a finger at the Lowells either.  Phillipa, with her combative personality, was always happy to aggravate Catherine Lowell, but I was much less eager to take on that fight.  I wanted to keep my job.  With Phillipa out of the room I thought I was off the hook.  Unfortunately, Detective Gutierrez was good at his job.
"Zielinski.  How do you spell that?"
"It's not important," I said, making a dismissive hand gesture.  "They're just some papers in Yiddish, from the nineteenth century.  I've been translating them.  Very boring.  Of interest only to historians.  The only reason Phillipa mentioned them is that they're a minor bone of contention between me and Catherine Lowell.  Strictly because of their Jewish origins.  I know you don't want to be in the same room as someone who's speaking ill of Catherine Lowell.  Heaven forbid I should say anything critical of someone who dines on a regular basis with the Commissioner of Police.  However, it's common knowledge that Catherine Lowell is anti-Semitic.  To quite an extreme degree.  We recently had an argument at a meeting of the board of directors of the Archives over these Zielinski documents.  I wanted to keep them for further study.  Catherine Lowell wanted to ship them off to a museum in New York.  Since I'm just an employee, and she's chairman of the board, the documents were duly shipped to New York."
"Hmm," said Detective Gutierrez, his pen scratching in his notebook.  "Doesn't seem like much of a reason to poison your dog or push you into Boston harbor.  Still, I'll try to keep an open mind.  I’m trying to find the kid on the skateboard.  The eyewitness didn't get a good look at him, but that's not as much of a problem as you might think.  There's a group of regulars who hang out on the Harborwalk.  They skate on that big metallic sculpture near the India Towers.  The local cops are always chasing them off of it.  It should be fairly easy to find out if one of those kids was paid to push you into the water."



Peace and quiet at last.  Detective Gutierrez had gone off to do more detecting, Ming and Phillipa had gone back to work, and my grandmother, after assurances that I would be fine, had gone home to feed Delilah.  I wriggled deeper under the blanket.  There were various hospital noises – intercom calls, doctors being paged – but they were mercifully distant.  I was just drifting off when I heard it.  
Thud, drag.  Thud, drag.
I sat up, hastily pulling on the smelly hospital robe draped over the foot of the bed.  I fumbled among the objects on the bedside nightstand, but couldn’t locate the buzzer which would summon a nurse.  
I could tell by Micah's breathing that he'd entered the room.  His breath was always loud and ragged, but now he was positively gasping for air.  There was an odd, strangled sound to his inhalations which I couldn't decipher.  Then it hit me - he wasn't tired, he was enraged.
I found the buzzer just as a whistling sound whirred over my head.  I jerked to the left.  Something crashed onto the metal headboard of the bed with a clang that echoed around the room.  I threw myself out of the bed onto the floor.  
"Help!" I yelled as another blow hit the foot of the bed.  He was circling around toward me.  I didn't want Micah between me and the door, so I crawled under the bed, frantically pressing the buzzer.
We froze, me crouched on the floor, Micah a few feet away, his ragged breathing filling the room like the embodiment of fury.  He seemed to be struggling to get himself under control. 
“Micah . . .” I said in what I hoped was a soothing voice.
Wham.  A blow hit the side of the bed, shoving it backward several feet and leaving my head exposed.  I scrambled to get back under the cover of the mattress.
"What the . . .?"
It was a male voice, in the doorway of the room.  It sounded familiar, but I didn’t have time to place it.  "Be careful!" I yelled.  "He's dangerous."
"Yes, I can see that.  Stay under the bed Joanna."
It was Roger Davenport.  I didn't know whether to be relieved or frightened.  Roger had never struck me as the street brawler type, and I didn't want him to get hurt.  
"Roger, go get help.  There must be some orderlies or guards around somewhere.  Don't try to deal with him on your own.  He's got some kind of weapon."
"There isn't time to get help.  And it's a tire-iron.  If he hits you in the head with it he could kill you."
I heard his footsteps approach the bed.  
"Micah, it's me.  Roger.  You know, from the Archives.  We've known each other for years.  Neither of us wants to get into a silly fistfight.  How would that look, two grown men fighting like children?  Why don't you give me that?  Something's bothering you, I can tell.  You just give me that and then we'll sit down and talk this out like civilized people."
Micah's breathing increased in speed, like a runner going up a steep hill.  I heard Roger step closer.  I slowly inched out from under the bed, ready to throw myself on Micah if he charged Roger.  
"Joanna, no!  Get back under . . ."
There was an animal snarl from Micah and the bed rocked and toppled over onto its side as both of them crashed onto it.  I scrambled away from the carnage and ran for the door, banging painfully into the doorjamb.  "Help!  Anybody!"
A rush of footsteps ran past me into the room.  There were a few moments of chaos when I couldn't tell what was happening, and then it was over.  I heard Micah being dragged from the room, still snarling.
“Kamenetsky,” he hissed as he passed me.  “Kamenetsky.”
I sagged against the doorframe, wiping a layer of sweat from my forehead with a shaking hand.  
I felt Roger’s hand on my shoulder.  
"Joanna, are you all right?  Do you want me to get a doctor?"
“No.  I’m okay,” I said.  Which was mostly true.  I was shaking from nerves, but otherwise I was unhurt.  Physically, anyway.  Mentally the shock of having to dodge unseen blows was causing flashbacks to the first days after I had lost my sight.  During that time I had experienced a constant fear of unseen things hitting me in the face.  I’d needed several months of therapy to overcome it, and I’d learned that it was a common reaction to loss of sight.  Blindness caused a loss of boundaries.  You couldn’t easily tell how close people and things were to you.  It had taken me more than a year to feel comfortable negotiating through the world with cane, guide dog, and a close observation of sounds.  I took a deep breath and patted Roger’s hand.  “I just want to go back to bed.”
“Okay.  Just give me a minute,” said Roger.  “Your bed’s tipped over.”
There was a jumble of noise as he righted the metal frame and adjusted the mattress. 
“Well,” I said, climbing back into the bed, “it was really nice of you to visit.  Makes for a break in the tedium.  Hospitals are so boring.”
Roger laughed.  “Not only did I visit, I brought flowers.  Peonies and red roses.  Unfortunately they got a bit squashed in all the tediousness.  Here.”  He handed me a stem.  “This variety of rose is supposed to have an especially intense smell.  According to the florist, anyway.”
I sniffed at it.  “Lovely.  It makes a nice break from smelling my hair.  They gave me a sponge bath, but my hair still reeks of harbor water.  Fish and gasoline.  Not a pleasant combination.”
“It’s barely noticeable,” said Roger unconvincingly.  “Joanna, I should go call the police.  That was much more than one of Micah’s ordinary tantrums.  Tripping people with a cane in the reading room of the Archives is one thing.  Trying to brain them with a tire-iron while they lie in a hospital bed is another thing entirely.”
“The hospital staff will call the police,” I said.  “They’re probably used to dealing with crazies.  I’m sure they’ve already got Micah safely under lock and key somewhere.  The police will be back here to question me about the whole thing soon enough. Right now I just want to sleep.  The whole almost drowning thing has really sapped my energy.  I could sleep for a week.”
“Well, if you’re sure then I’ll leave you to it,” said Roger.  “I’ll give my card to someone at the nurse’s station so they can pass it on to the police.  Oh, just one thing before I go.  Brandon Lowell asked me if he could visit you.  I managed to put him off.  I told him that the hospital was limiting your visitors.  Not really the truth, but I think I discouraged him.”
“Thanks, Roger.  He’s the last person I want to cope with right now.  Knowing him, he’d probably replace my water glass with a urine sample, or something equally juvenile.”
“Yes,” said Roger, anger roughening his normally cultured voice.  “I’ve seen a few of the nasty little pranks he pulls on you.  Once when you were in the break room I saw him move your coffee cup.  When you tried to pick it up again you nearly burned your hand.  I suppose he targets you because you’re blind.  Typical cowardly bully behavior.  I’ll be glad when he finishes his degree and his internship ends.”
I reached out a hand toward him.  “Roger, thanks.  Just . . . thanks.  Micah could have killed me.”
Roger took my hand and kissed it.  “You’re very welcome.  I’m just glad I arrived when I did.  And I should thank Micah.  He’s given me a wonderfully juicy story to relate at the cocktail party I have to attend this evening.”



After Roger left I struggled with a bout of anxiety caused by Micah’s attack, jumping at every noise, but sleep eventually won out.  When I woke I felt the sun on my face.  I must have slept through the night, which was quite an achievement in a noisy hospital ward with nurses coming and going at all hours.  I yawned, clenching and unclenching my hands.  My fingers felt normal again, all traces of frostbite gone.  My stomach growled.  I sniffed the air, wondering if any breakfast smells were making their way along the hospital corridors.
“Hungry, are you?” 
I started.  I hadn’t realized anyone was in the room with me.  I felt someone pat my hand.
“Sorry, sorry.  Didn’t mean to startle you.  I didn’t realize that you’re blind.  My name’s Father Fintan.  You can just call me Fintan.  I’m one of the hospital chaplains.  I’m on my morning rounds, just having a chat with people.  Let me see if I can find you some food.”
He left, trailing an odd peppery scent which I finally placed as a custom-made soap sold at a little shop on Newbury Street.  I’d tried the soap myself, but didn’t like smelling like a giant pepper grinder. A few minutes later he returned.  He adjusted the little hinged table that was attached to my bed and placed a tray on it.  
“The pancakes here are pretty good, for hospital food.  I got you a few extra.  And some orange juice.  Eat up.”
“Thanks,” I said, sitting up and pulling on my robe.  I fumbled around on the tray, locating a knife and fork.  The buckwheat pancakes were a little dry, but they’d been liberally doused with maple syrup, making them edible.  "I don’t really have anything I want to chat about.  What do you normally talk about on these rounds?”
“Oh, anything the patient wants.  A lot of the patients are elderly, and they tend to be lonely.  So they’ll tell me all about their families.  Or they’ll reminisce about their younger days.  For some reason Elvis comes up a lot.  The time they saw Elvis in concert seems to stick in a lot of people’s minds.  They seem to remember it more vividly than their wedding day, or the day their children were born.  Don’t ask me why.  I suppose it has something to do with wanting to be a teenager again.  Of course, the singer varies with the generations.  In another ten years I’ll be listening to people reminisce about the Rolling Stones.  Of course, sometimes the topic is more serious.  End of life counseling, and the administering of last rites.”
I took a sip of orange juice.  “Well, I’m not in need of last rites, thankfully.  Anyway, I’m not Catholic, I’m Jewish.”
“Oh, well we can certainly accommodate you.  We have several Rabbis who visit the wards on a volunteer basis.  Let me see if I can find one for you.”  His chair squeaked on the floor as he rose.
“That’s not necessary,” I said.  “My family’s Jewish in the cultural sense, but we’re not religious.  I’m an atheist.”
“I see,” he said, sitting back down.  “Some of my older colleagues would be shocked to hear me say this, but I always enjoy talking to atheists.  They have such interesting ideas.  Totally incorrect ideas, of course, but interesting nonetheless.  It seems like such a difficult thing, to go through life not believing in the wondrous rapture which we’ll share with the Almighty after death.  I have to say, I admire you for being able to live with such a bleak outlook on this life and the next.”
“Well,” I said, swallowing a piece of pancake, “it doesn’t seem bleak to me.  Just normal.  And realistic.  I’ll take one tiny piece of reality over an eternity of fantasy.”
“But,” said Father Fintan gently, “the afterlife is, of course, reality.  It’s the place where we’ll be reunited with our loved ones, sharing eternity with them.”
I shrugged.  “Sharing eternity with our loved ones?  There’s a good example of why the common description of heaven leaves me underwhelmed.  I assume I’m not allowed to pick and choose which of my loved ones I want to share eternity with.  I call it the Aunt Shmooey problem.  My great-aunt Shmuela, aka Shmooey, loves to talk.  And talk and talk and talk.  Nothing can shut her up.  After a thousand years or so of sitting on a cloud up in heaven, listening to Aunt Shmooey go on and on and on, heaven won’t seem so heavenly.  Oblivion will start to look pretty damn attractive.”
Father Fintan chuckled.  “Perhaps Aunt Shmooey won’t be so talkative when she’s in the presence of Our Lord.”
I laughed.  “It would take a lot more than an omnipotent, supernatural being to shut up Aunt Shmooey.  No, you can keep heaven.  As most people describe it, it sounds like nothing but endless boredom.  Why long for heaven when it so easily turns into hell?”
“Hmm,” said Father Fintan, “I think your depiction of heaven is rather limited.  But, leaving that aside, what about pain and suffering in this life?  Even an atheist would have to admit that a belief in God the Father who watches over us provides great comfort.  I’ve seen many patients in this hospital able to cope with pain simply by praying.”
I shook my head.  “For pain and suffering, give me drugs.  Morphine’s been around for two hundred years.  It’s wonderful stuff.  I should know.  After the accident which cost me my sight they gave me loads of it.”
“Morphine can be addictive,” said Father Fintan.  “Prayer, on the other hand, doesn’t cause addiction and it can be very helpful at distracting the mind from pain.”
I snorted.  “I had a piece of windshield slice through my left eye and lodge in my skull.  Shards of glass took out the cornea in my other eye.  Believe me, prayer is not going to cut it when it comes to that kind of pain.  Nope, for pain give me drugs.  For death give me oblivion.”
Father Fintan’s chair squeaked and his footsteps faded away out into the hall.  I thought for a minute that I’d offended him, but he soon returned, setting another glass of orange juice on my tray.  I heard the legs of his chair drag as he pulled it closer and the familiar pop and hiss of a soda can being opened.  I smiled.  For some reason the thought of a Catholic priest drinking a can of soda seemed strange.
“I’ve found that some non-religious people don’t believe in an afterlife, but still believe in the one true God.  What about Our Lord?  Belief in Jesus Christ our Savior brings great joy to many people.  The idea that someone is ready to help them whenever they need it gives them the strength to get through difficult times.”
I shook my head.  “Saviors leave me cold.  Expecting someone to swoop in and solve all your problems is just irresponsible and lazy.  Personally, I take great satisfaction in solving my own problems.”
“Christ,” said Father Fintan, “is not a supernatural handyman, ready to fix whatever is wrong with your life.  He doesn’t literally fix the flat tire when your car runs over a nail.  He helps indirectly, through love.  His love gives people the fortitude to help themselves.” 
“I have the love of my friends and my family,” I said.  “I’ll take that over some sort of imaginary supernatural love.  When my grandmother says she loves me, it may be a small and human-scale love, but at least it’s real.  I can feel it in her touch and hear it in her voice.  It doesn’t depend on my believing in any supernatural beings, which I don’t.  I find reality quite complicated enough.  I don’t need gods, angels, demons, ghosts or other invisible beasties adding to the confusion.  And why are Christians so insistent on only one god?  The Hindus and the animists have whole busloads of gods.  Why fixate on one?  What is it, some sort of efficiency thing?”
“Well, the bible teaches us that there is only one God.  It’s kind of a requirement to limit yourself to only one if you’re a Christian.”
I finished off the orange juice.  It wasn’t on a par with the pancakes.  It tasted like it was mixed with Tang that had been around since the Johnson administration. “My friend Phillipa is a Christian.  Baptist.  She believes in the Christian god, but she also prays to a whole bunch of sub-deities she calls Loa, similar to Catholic saints.  I went with her once, to a service at her church.  Most of the congregation were recent immigrants from West Africa.  From Ghana or Liberia.  There was the usual bible-quoting preacher, but he also mixed in a whole bunch of stuff which reminded me of Haitian voodoo.  There was a lot of praying to the spirits of dead ancestors.  So, in her version of Christianity there’s more than one god.  There’s a Big Kahuna at the top, and then a sort of descending hierarchy of supernatural entities.  People at her church pray to a particular entity according to the specific problem they have.  The way a Catholic would pray to Saint Christopher before going on a long trip.”
“I’m sure your friend is a very upstanding person, but that is not what we Catholics would call Christianity.”
“Maybe not,” I said, “but Phillipa would consider herself just as much of a Christian as you are.”
“I would still be forced to disagree with her.  I would call her a spiritual person, rather than a Christian.  Someone who is on a quest for spirituality, but who hasn’t yet arrived at the one true path that can only be found through Jesus Christ.”
I pushed the tray away and lay back against the rather moldy-smelling pillow.  “I’ve never had much use for spirituality.  Me, I have plain old emotions.  People who claim to be spiritual are just trying to make their emotions seem more important than mine.  Like the Buddhists or New Agers who claim to be connected by some sort of emotional umbilical cord to a life force which pervades the universe.  After death their spiritual specialness will achieve nirvana and merge with the godhead.  It reminds me of that goofy stuff from Star Wars about the power of the Force.  It’s all just self-indulgent ego-fluffing.  Trying to convince yourself that you’re more than just one small, solitary being with a very limited lifespan.”
Father Fintan sighed.  “Well, you’re certainly entitled to your views, but I still say that a life without God is a very bleak one.  Life should be centered on faith.  It is the only path to true happiness and fulfillment.”
“Well, you’re certainly entitled to your views,” I replied, “but I have to go with Baruch Spinoza on this one.  Life should be centered on reason.  It is the only path to true happiness and fulfillment.”


*	*	*	*


He came into the room right before I was due to be released from the hospital.  I was still wrapped in the smelly hospital-issue robe, impatiently waiting for my grandmother.  She had called to say she was on her way with a change of clothes for me.  
I smelled him before I heard him.  A cloud of marijuana smoke seeped into my room from the hallway, causing me to wrinkle my nose.  I wasn’t one of those people who thought marijuana was some kind of devil weed.  Compared to alcohol and its role in drunk-driving and domestic violence, I thought of marijuana as relatively benign.  It was just that I couldn’t stand the smell.  
“Put that out,” I said, hearing his footsteps stop in the doorway to my room.  “You’re stinking up the whole floor.”
“Sorry,” he said.
His voice sounded horribly young.  Not fifteen, as Detective Gutierrez had said, but closer to thirteen.  A high-pitched, child’s voice.  I knew right away who he was, or at least I was reasonably certain.  I didn’t know many teenagers.  A few teenage cousins scattered across the country, but none in the Boston area.  
“Why did you push me into the harbor?” I asked. 
He hawked something up from deep in his throat and spit it who knew where. 
“Guy paid me,” he finally said.  “Hundred bucks.  Couldn’t pass that up.  Plus the guy said it was just a joke.  He said he was gonna fish you out after watching you swim around for a while.  Some kind of payback.”
He had a strong South Boston accent, ‘after’ coming out as ‘aftuh’ in a way that always reminded me of denizens of the Bronx.
“He didn’t fish me out,” I said.  I heard him kicking the door jamb.  
“Well, the guy said he was gonna,” he said petulantly.  “Anyway, somebody fished you out.  You seem okay.  I just wanted to make sure that you weren’t dead or nothing.”
“What did this guy look like?”
Silence.
“Was he an old man, with a cane?”
More silence.  I thought he wasn’t going to answer, but finally he grudgingly responded.
“Guy said not to tell anyone about him.  And I ain’t gonna.  Said he’d hurt me.  I just came to see that you wasn’t dead.”
The cloud of smoke hung around long after he’d left.


Chapter Eight


“Jeez, it’s cold in here,” said Ming.  “I guess the government has decided to save money by not heating its courthouses.”
“I keep telling you, you need to dress for Boston winters,” I said.  “Not for strolling the beach in Tel Aviv.”  Ming had gone to high school in Ramat Aviv, a suburb of Tel Aviv, and she still tended to dress as if she had to be ready for a swim in the Mediterranean at any second.
“I’ve got my winter tracksuit on,” said Ming.  “And a sweatshirt under it.  I was fine until we came in here.  I swear, it’s colder in here than it is outside.”
We were deep in the sub-basement of the Suffolk County Courthouse, winding through a bewildering maze of storage shelves.  I was hopelessly lost.  If Ming decided to abandon me I’d never find my way out.  My body would become entombed among the stacks of musty law books and government documents like a modern-day pharaoh.
Ming let go of my arm.  “Hang on a second.  This section doesn’t have any numbers on the shelves.  We’re looking for 41B-102, and the last sign I saw was 38C-100.  Just wait here while I try to pick up the trail.  If I’m not back in two days go for help.  And bring bloodhounds.”
While I waited I listened.  Pipes from a steam boiler clanged somewhere in the distance.  Closer at hand tiny squeaks and scuffles signaled the presence of mice.  Or rats.  I decided to be optimistic and believe it was mice.  We'd had battles with both in the Archives.  Mice I could handle.  They would generally avoid you, scuttling back into the wall when they heard you coming.  Rats were bolder.  One had run over my foot one day when I was sitting at my desk.  Delilah had gone crazy, chasing it around and around the room, snarling like a demon dog on a rampage.  She hadn't caught it, fortunately.  Rats were notorious disease carriers.  I shivered, stamping my feet loudly to warn off any nearby rodents.  
The squeaking stopped.  A stillness descended, so empty of sound that I almost wished the mice would come back.  In an unfamiliar place, with no sounds to orient me, I could feel a familiar dislocation coming on.  I bent over, putting my hands on my knees and dropping my head to prevent dizziness.  I strained my ears for Ming's return.  Nothing.  And yet . . . I thought I had heard . . . something.  Breathing.  
"Ming?" I asked uncertainly.  I stood up again, turning slowly in a circle.  It was a deeply ingrained human habit – check the surroundings for predators – which in my case was totally pointless.  I forced myself to stand still and listen.  A pipe over my head gave a sudden hiss of steam, making me jump.  I wondered if that was what I'd heard.  No heavy-breathing monsters, just an asthmatic heating system.
The flapping of Ming's flip-flops on the concrete floor signaled her return.
"I found it," she said.  "Row 41B."  She took my arm again.  "It's over here.  Watch your step.  There's a drainage hole in the floor with a missing cover."
I felt her tug on my arm to lead me around it.  "Ming, wait a minute."  I stopped.
"What's up?  You look kind of spooked."
"Do you see anyone down here?  I thought I heard someone just now."
"Hmm, no, I don't see anyone.  Who'd be crazy enough to be down here?  Except us, of course.  It was probably just your imagination.  It's a creepy place.  Be glad you can't see it.  Dust all over everything, cobwebs hanging from the pipes on the ceiling.  And, of course, there's that skeleton beckoning to us from behind that stack of old newspapers.  Kidding, kidding.  Here we are.  Row 41B."
I took a deep breath, trying to ignore the skeleton image which was now stuck in my mind.  I let go of Ming's arm, resisting the urge to take a swing at her.  "They should be on shelf 102.  Bound into volumes by year, the county clerk said."
"99, 100 . . . there isn't any 101.  It's gone missing.  Here it is, 102.  A bunch of moldy old books with the year stamped on them in gilt letters.  Fancy.  We're looking for 1930, right?"
"Or 1931.  It might have taken a while for the case to come to trial."
The shelf creaked as Ming pulled out a volume.  "I'll start with 1930."
I sneezed as Ming opened the book, releasing a cloud of dust.  
"Phew.  Mold spores.  Haven't these people ever heard of document preservation?"  Pages rustled.  "There's no table of contents or index.  I guess the county wasn't too organized back in the thirties.  It seems to be chronological.  Do you know the month?"
"No, I don't even know for sure that there was a court case.  It's just a guess.  Look for the name Levy.  The defendant's name should be listed at the start of each case."
Ming flicked rapidly through the pages, coughing.  "Man, I should get hazard pay for this."
"Here," I unwound the wool scarf I had wrapped around my neck.  "Put this around your head.  Cover your nose and mouth."
"Thanks, Mom."
While Ming flipped through the book I strained my ears for sounds behind me.  The more I thought about it the more convinced I was that I had heard someone breathing before.  I had a good memory for sounds.  My brain stored them like a tape recorder.  I mentally compared the hiss of the steam pipes to the breathing sound I had heard.  No, they were nothing alike.
"Ming . . . "
"Hang on, I'm almost finished.  Last case.  Nope, no Levy in the 1930 book.  I'll try 1931."
"Ming, just stop for a second.  Are you sure there's no one else down here?"
"Joanna, you're being paranoid."
"I know.  I know.  Just check, okay?"
"Fine, fine.  Wait here."
"No!  Wait.  Ming, I didn't mean . . . damn it."  I'd just wanted her to look around, not go wandering off again by herself.  I cursed myself for bringing her down here.  What if something happened to her?  She was my assistant.  My responsibility.  And she was so young.  I clenched my hands, listening helplessly as her footsteps got farther and farther away.
And then Ming screamed.  
The scream echoed around the cavernous basement, bouncing from wall to wall.  I froze, trying to sort out the echoes.  The distortion made it difficult to tell which direction the sound had come from.
I made the best guess I could, feeling my way along the shelves.  I'd only gone a few feet when I heard Ming's footsteps running toward me.
She grabbed me by the shoulders.  "Joanna, oh thank goodness.  You're okay."
"Me!  You're the one who screamed.  Are you hurt?  What happened?"
"You were right.  There was someone down here.  A man, I think.  Sorry about the screaming.  He took me by surprise."
"Did he hurt you?"
"No, no.  I'm fine.  He didn't touch me.  He ran off before I got anywhere near him."
"Did you see who it was?"
"No, it was too dark.  And, like I said, he ran off right away.  It was probably just a homeless guy who wandered in here to get out of the snow.  Still, I think we should get out of here.  Let me just grab . . ."
She ran past me and I heard shelves creaking.
"I've got the 1931 volume of court cases.  I doubt anyone will miss it.  We can return it later."


*	*	*	*


"Rose, these are like the best octopus balls ever," said Ming.
"Thanks, honey.  I got the recipe from Mr. Takana, the fishmonger at Ebisuya market.  Though I changed it up a bit.  Chives in the batter, that's my secret."
I fumbled for my grandmother's crystal salt and pepper shakers, moving them off to one side of the kitchen table so I could open the book we'd stolen from the Suffolk County courthouse.  Ming had found the Levy case during the taxi ride home.  February, 1931.  The defendant was Aaron Levy.  She'd marked the page with a Kleenex.  
"Joanna, are you sure you don't want one of these?" said Ming with her mouth full.  "If you don't speak up now I'm going to eat the entire batch."
"She doesn't like the suckers," whispered my grandmother in an aside to Ming.  "She thinks they're gross.  Childish, if you ask me."
"Bubbe, I can hear you," I said.  "And it's not childish to avoid eating something which has tentacles.  It's perfectly rational if you ask me."
"Can I give Delilah one?" asked Ming.  "She's looking at me with those pitiful eyes, like I'm worse than a serial killer if I don't feed her an octopus ball right this second."
"No dear.  Octopus doesn't agree with her.  There was that whole incident with the doorman's shoes.  He had to throw them out.  And the carpet in the lobby.  I believe they had to replace it.  I was afraid they were going to kick us out of the building.  Since then we've tried to keep Delilah away from seafood."
"Bubbe, since Ming is busy scarfing down octopus balls would you mind reading this?"
"Sure, honey."  She dragged the book across the table.  "You want me to read it out loud, word for word?"
"Not right now.  Just give me the highlights."
"Okay.  Well, I don't know what the legal term is, but I guess you'd call this the title:  Suffolk County versus Aaron Levy.  Then there's a line with the word 'defendant' under it, and the name Aaron Levy typed in above it.  And a date:  February 15, 1931."  She coughed.  "My word, this thing is dusty.  Hang on a sec, I'm just going to give this a good shake over the sink."
I heard Delilah's toenails patter on the linoleum as she followed my grandmother over to the sink.  It was next to the refrigerator.  And the cookie jar.
"That's better.  Now, let's see.  Highlights.  Well, this would certainly qualify.  The defendant, Aaron Levy, is charged with manslaughter."
I frowned.  "Not murder?"
"Nope, it says right here:  manslaughter.  Manslaughter of a Negro male, age 36."
"What was the victim's name?"
"Well, you'd certainly expect that to be in here somewhere, wouldn't you?  Hang on, let me read to the end.  It isn't very long.  Five pages and then another case starts."
Pages flipped.
"No, the victim isn't listed by name anywhere.  How odd."
Ming snorted.  "It's not odd at all.  A black man living in Boston in 1931 is killed.  Just another dead colored.  If the victim had been Chinese it would have been the same.  Manslaughter of a Chinaman.  Name unknown and unimportant."
"Oh dear.  Prejudice, do you think?  I suppose you're right.  Times have changed so much that one forgets what it was like back then.  Even I forget, and I was around then, though just barely."
"Was Aaron Levy convicted?" I asked.
"Hmm, let me see.  Oh, here it is, down at the end of the last page.  No, he wasn't convicted.  The case was dismissed, based on evidence introduced by . . . well, here's a famous name.  Caleb T. Lowell the Third."
"I bet old Caleb paid off the judge.  Or the cops," said Ming.  "They probably destroyed evidence to get this Aaron Levy guy released."
An alfalfa-like smell filled the air as my grandmother poured out cups of green tea.  
"But, why would he do that?" asked my grandmother.  "It doesn't make sense.  I assume this Aaron Levy is Jewish.  He couldn’t be anything else with that name.  I suppose he’s related to Micah Levy.  Anyway, Caleb Lowell was a vicious anti-Semite.  I remember when I was about ten years old, my father lost his job and we had to move to a cheaper place.  We tried to get an apartment in a building in the West End owned by Caleb Lowell.  My father had enough money for the first month, but the landlord wouldn't accept us as tenants.  He said Mr. Lowell had a strict no Jews policy in all his buildings.  And we had no recourse.  That kind of thing was legal back then, and it wasn’t just housing.  You'd see signs all over in shops and factories:  No Jews.  No Negros.  No Irish."
"Well, old Caleb may have been a nasty bigot, but in this case I think money trumped prejudice," said Ming.  "Joanna has this whole theory worked out, based on those documents of Raina Zielinkski’s.  She thinks this Aaron Levy was Micah Levy's father.  He sold the old Gostynin shul building to an African American named Matthew Wilbraham.  Then Aaron Levy killed Matthew and re-sold the shul building to Caleb Lowell.  Two sales of the same building, twice the money for Aaron.  And Caleb Lowell gets to add to his collection of Beacon Hill properties.  Is that right, Joanna?"
“Yeah, that sums it up.  Of course, it’s still just a theory.”
“So,” continued Ming, “if Joanna is right then we know why Micah is in such a rage.  Remember what he said when he came to your office Joanna?  A shande far di goyim.  A scandal in front of the gentiles.  He knew about his father’s crime and he didn’t want it made public.  The irony is I’m guessing he doesn’t care that much that his father killed a black man.  What’s really got him all in a temper is that he doesn’t want it known that Aaron Levy did business with a notorious anti-Semite.”
I heard a familiar tapping noise.  My grandmother was tapping a spoon against the side of her teacup.  It was a habit of hers when she was worried.  Delilah, with her odd emotional sensitivity, picked up on it and started a low keening deep in her throat.
"Shhh," I said.  "Come here you silly dog."
Delilah plopped her head on my knee and I smoothed the silky fur at the back of her ears.  She quieted and sank down, lying across my feet.  I tried sliding my feet out from under her, but each time I moved she’d plop right back on me again, determined to turn herself into a furry foot-cover.  Not a bad thing in the wintertime, but if she was still doing it in July I was going to have to take her back to obedience school.
"It’s just so hard to know what to do," said my grandmother, still tapping.  "Bubbeleh, you've stirred up a real hornet's nest here.  Micah Levy is angry at you.  Now, maybe that doesn't sound like much.  People get angry all the time, right?  Usually the storm passes and things return to normal.  Maybe feelings are still sore, but people cope.  But not Micah.  He's a real devil when he's angry.  He gets out of control and can't rein himself back in.  There's probably some fancy psychological term for it nowadays.  But whatever it's called, he's quite capable of killing someone when he’s in a rage.  He's already tried to kill you once, at the hospital.  Now, here’s what I think.  We should take a little trip, you and me.  And Delilah, of course.  Europe, maybe.  Or we could go to Israel again.  Your Aunt Esther would love to see you."
“But bubbe, we can’t afford to travel indefinitely.  If we pooled our savings we could manage three or four months, maybe.  But I don’t see why we need to run away.  Micah’s safely in jail.  Attempted murder, remember?”
“He’s not, actually.  He’s out on bail.  And the judge dropped the charge down to attempted assault.  Everyone was talking about it in temple yesterday.  I went to Temple Beth Zion.  You should see the spread they put on after the service.  Knishes like you wouldn’t believe.  And sour cherry pirozhki.  Little pieces of heaven.  Anyway Joseph Rosenbaum was there.  He’s a district court judge and he knew all the details of Micah’s case.  Micah was released on that, what do you call it, your own . . . ”
“Your own recognizance,” said Ming.
“But, but, they can’t do that," I stammered.  "Micah's still a threat.  I mean, they hold you if you’ve been arraigned for a violent crime.”
“Well, apparently he put on his old and feeble act.”  My grandmother snorted.  “Feeble my big toe.  Micah may be old, but he’s about as feeble as an ox.  Sure, he’s got a bum leg, but he’s horribly strong.  He used to be a wrestler when he was younger, you know.  He had some kind of special wrestling hold.  He’d lock onto the other boy and crush his ribs.  A lot of the boys refused to fight him.  Anyway, the judge bought his act and let him out.  There’s a provision that he has to stay in Boston until his trial, and he has to stay away from Joanna, five hundred feet or something like that, but a fat lot of good that’ll do.  If he’s still in a rage an order from a judge isn’t going to stop Micah.”
My shoulders slumped.  I’d naively thought that Micah was no longer my problem.  That the authorities were dealing with him.  I blew on my tea, trying to think.  Due to his difficulty in walking, plus the noise he made with his cane, Micah was fortunately fairly easy to avoid.  We were probably safe enough in our apartment.  The building had a doorman, and the lobby door was kept locked at night.  As far as work was concerned, members had to show a pass to get in the front door of the Archives building.  It should be easy to convince Roger to revoke Micah’s member privileges and bar him from the building.  He might have done so already.  My commute would have to change.  I usually walked to work, but I could take a cab until Micah’s case came to trial.  I wondered if Micah would go after my grandmother, but I didn’t think so.  His anger was very personal and very targeted.  At me.
“I don’t think Micah would hire someone else to attack me,” I said, thinking out loud.  
“I think you’re right, honey,” said my grandmother.  “With his temper he’d want to do the dirty work himself.  Release his rage, if you know what I mean.  The way he did in the hospital.”
“But,” said Ming, “what about that skateboarder?  Somebody paid him to push you into the harbor.  If Micah didn’t pay him then who did?”
I frowned.  “You’re right.  Hiring teenage skateboarders doesn’t seem like something Micah would do.  Even talking to teenage skateboarders doesn’t seem like something Micah would do.”
“Maybe somebody else is after you,” said Ming.
“Ming, that’s not funny,” I said, rubbing my temples in a futile attempt to get rid of a stress headache which was rapidly worsening.
“I didn’t mean it to be funny.  I just think we should consider all the possibilities.  If Phillipa were here you know what she’d say.”
“The Lowells,” I said.
“Exactly,” said Ming.  “The Lowells.”


Chapter Nine


Catherine Lowell’s office would have fit right in at Versailles.  When she’d become chairman of the board of the Archives she’d had her office completely restyled, stripping century-old oak paneling off the walls.  Roger Davenport had tried to get a cease-and-desist order from the courts, on the grounds that the paneling was of historic value, but to no avail.  Catherine had invited the presiding judge to one of her dinner parties and he’d cancelled the C&D order before the main course.  Catherine replaced the paneling with a trompe l’oeil mural depicting the Orangerie of Louis XIV.  Hanging between the painted orange trees were floor-to-ceiling mirrors in gilt frames.  A teardrop chandelier which used to hang in the lobby of the Archives had been confiscated and re-hung over Catherine’s conference table.  The table at which I was now reluctantly sitting.
“I don’t understand why you’re being so uncooperative, young lady,” Cyrus Jackson said for the third time.  “This issue doesn’t even concern you.  It’s between my family and the Lowell’s.”
I shifted uncomfortably in my chair, trying to get my feet out from under Delilah, who was lying on them again.  I usually used my cane when I was indoors, but I’d brought Delilah to this meeting because I’d felt the need for someone on my side.  I’d tried to bring Phillipa but Catherine Lowell had refused to let her into the room, going so far as to lock the office door.  Ming was in a chemistry class and Roger was on a business trip to Washington DC, evaluating a Civil War recruitment poster for possible purchase.  So it was just me facing down Catherine and Cyrus.
At least that was what I thought, until I heard a chuckle from a far corner of the room and realized that Brandon Lowell was also present.  I should have noticed sooner – the air was tinged with his Axe cologne, but its scent had been overpowered by his mother’s sulfurous perfume.
It was a habit of Brandon’s, lurking in a room without announcing his presence to me.  Most people would cough, or clear their throat, or say hello to avoid startling me.  But not Brandon.  I had a sudden urge to sick Delilah on him, but unfortunately Delilah had never bitten anyone in her life.  There were a few people she didn't like, Brandon included, but the most she'd ever done was growl at them.
"I demand you hand over those photocopies to me," said Catherine Lowell.  "They are not your personal property.  They are the property of this institution."
I leaned away from Catherine, who was standing so close to me that her perfume was making my nose itch.  "For the last time, I didn't make any copies of the Zielinski documents.  You had them shipped off to the Center for Jewish History in New York so fast there wasn't any time to photocopy them.  And anyway, if you're suddenly so interested in those documents, why don't you just ask the Center if you can examine them?"
Cyrus Jackson chuckled.  "Mrs. Lowell's, how shall I put this . . . well-known dislike of certain ethnic groups . . . has made her unpopular with the director of the Center.  He's refusing to let her see the documents."
I heard Brandon's footsteps amble lazily toward me.  He stopped just behind my chair.  
"Somebody is lying," he said in a sing-song voice.  "I saw the photocopies, remember?  We were on Beacon Hill, near our construction site on Phillips Street.  Ming handed me a bunch of papers before she took off for a class."
I felt a bead of sweat run down my neck as I tried to recall that day.  "You only saw Ming's notes," I said.  "She'd made a few handwritten notes in English from the original Yiddish documents.  Surveyors information, mostly.  Landmarks used to identify the extent of the Gostynin Shul property.  We were trying to find the location, strictly for research purposes.  The shul was an important part of Jewish history in Boston."
"Nice try Joanna, but that's not gonna fly.  I remember it very clearly, mostly because Ming was looking super-hot that day.  She was wearing that Blade Runner track suit of hers, the black one with the lightning bolt across the chest.  Makes her look like a sexy Asian super-hero.  Anyway, I distinctly remember her saying 'Joanna, here are the photocopies' before she left for class."
I thought back.  He was right.  But Brandon hadn't actually seen the papers.  When Ming pushed them into my hands they'd been folded up.   "Those were just copies of some klezmer songs.  I was translating the lyrics."
“Liar,” hissed Catherine.  
“Look, Dr. Adelman,” said Cyrus Jackson in a placating tone, “even if you never made any photocopies of these documents, still, you’ve seen them.  I just need to know if there was a property deed among them.  A deed to number 22 Phillips Street.”
“I don’t know,” I said.  “I didn’t have time to look through all the documents.  Raina Zielinski brought in a shoebox stuffed with papers.  With her help I translated a few of the handwritten ones.  They were personal letters and diary entries.  If there was a deed I didn’t see it.”  Okay, I was living up to Catherine’s description of me as a liar, but I figured better a liar than unemployed.  Or worse.  “Mr. Jackson,” I said, “why don’t you just make a quick trip down to New York and ask the Center to let you have a look at the documents?  You'll have to have someone translate them into English for you, but there are plenty of people at the Center who could do that.”
“I’ve already called them,” said Cyrus Jackson, an irritated note in his cigar-roughened voice.  “They claim the documents have to go through some kind of preservation process and won’t be available for viewing by the general public for at least two months.  I pointed out the obvious – that I am not a member of the general public – but that cut no ice with them.”
“Well, then I don’t know what to tell you.”  I eased my feet out from under Delilah and pushed my chair back.  “I guess you’ll just have to wait the two months.”
The slap came just as I stood up.  It was so unexpected that I lost my balance, falling awkwardly back into my chair.  I pulled myself up by the armrests and laid a restraining hand on Delilah, who was snarling in a way I’d never heard before.
“Mrs. Lowell, that was uncalled for,” said Cyrus, sounding genuinely shocked.
Catherine Lowell ignored him.  “I want to search your office.”
I shrugged, feeling my cheek.  There was a small wet streak where Catherine’s ring had drawn blood, but otherwise I was unhurt.  I had no doubt that Catherine had swung with all her might, but she was a small-boned woman in her sixties.  The impact of the blow had been in its surprise, not its strength.  “Search away,” I said.
I didn’t keep anything personal or private in my office, and the photocopies of the Zielinski documents were locked in a small wall safe in my grandmother’s bedroom closet.  She’d had the safe installed several years ago when she’d inherited a valuable silver Seder plate from a great-aunt.  It depicted the ten plagues of Passover and was over four-hundred years old.  At the time I’d argued with my grandmother to donate it to a museum.  Now I was glad she hadn’t.  It was beginning to sink in just how valuable that Gostynin Shul deed was.  And how dangerous it was to possess it.  I wouldn’t have put it past Catherine Lowell to hire someone to break into my apartment and do a little ransacking.  I stood up with as much dignity as I could muster and grasped Delilah’s harness.  “If you want to waste your time digging through the piles of paperwork in my office be my guest.  Maybe you could organize things while you’re at it.  Ming’s been too busy to sort through stuff lately, and it’s kind of a mess.”


*	*	*	*


Phillipa clucked her tongue as she wiped the blood off my cheek with a wet paper towel.  We were sitting on the lumpy couch in her office.  “That woman has gone too far this time.  Hitting you in the face.  Unbelievable.  If I’d been there I would have decked her.”
“Well, then I’m glad you weren’t there,” I said.  “You'd have gotten yourself fired.”
“Would have been worth it.”
“No, it wouldn’t have been worth it,” I said.  “You know as well as I do how hard it is to find jobs in our field.  Remember how long you were unemployed before you came to work here?  More than a year.  I don’t know about you, but I can’t afford that kind of financial hit.  My grandmother’s employment agency isn’t as profitable as it used to be.  Too much competition from chains like Kelly and Manpower.  We’re doing okay with both of our incomes, but we can’t afford to lose mine.”
The couch creaked as Phillipa stretched to throw the paper towel away.  “The African American Museum in Philly offered me a part-time curator gig a few months before I took the job here.  Eight thousand a year, that’s what they offered.  I’d been unemployed for nine months by then, and I was so broke I almost took it.  Can you imagine trying to live on eight thousand a year?  This job isn’t perfect, and I have to put up with Catherine the Great, but at least it pays a living wage.  Yeah, you’re right.  I’d hate to have to leave here.”  She lowered her voice.  “But that said, we have to do something.  This situation is getting worse and worse.”
I nodded, absently scratching Delilah’s back.  She had hopped up on the couch, as she always did whenever we were in Phillipa’s office.  “I was hoping that Cyrus Jackson and his press conferences would take the heat off, but Catherine has zoomed right back to me.  She’s just obsessed with this idea that I have photocopies of the Zielinski documents.”
“You do have photocopies of the Zielinski documents.”
“Yeah, but she doesn’t know that.  Not for sure.  She’s just guessing.”
Phillipa stood up and paced back and forth across the small room.  
I sat listening to her footsteps as they crossed from the padded quietness of a Namibian Ovambo rug to the hollow vibrations of the wooden floorboards.  Phillipa’s office was quite a sight to the uninitiated.  The week after she’d taken the job at the Archives she’d hired an art student from Boston University to recreate a Kara Walker mural.  Black silhouettes of African female figures in unsettling poses danced across the walls and ceiling of the small room.  The theme was a repudiation of slavery and abuse, but to me the figures looked like Javanese shadow puppets controlled by an unseen hand.  Characters who weren’t yet capable of traversing the stage under their own power.
Phillipa's footsteps suddenly stopped.  "New York," she said.  
"What?"
"New York," she said firmly.  "That's the solution.  The way to get you out of the middle of this.  We'll take the train down to New York, to the Center for Jewish History, and steal that damn property deed back."
"Steal it?  You've got to be kidding."
"I most definitely am not.  We have some legitimate claim to it anyway.  Raina Zielinski donated it to the Archives.  She meant for it to stay in Boston.  It was Catherine Lowell who unilaterally shipped it off to New York.  We'll get the original document. The one written in 1930.  We'll bring it back here and hand it over to Cyrus Jackson.  The Lowell's will forget all about your photocopy if Cyrus has the original.  He can bring it to the Registry of Deeds office as evidence of his family's ownership of the property on Phillips Street.  Catherine won't be too pleased about that, of course, but it will focus her wrath on Cyrus and not on you.  And we won't need to feel guilty about making Cyrus a target.  He may not have the Lowell's wealth, but he can go head to head with them when it comes to political shenanigans and manipulating the media."
"Phil, I don't know about this . . ."
"Well, I do know.  I'd go down there alone, but the curators at the Center for Jewish History are not likely to let me have a go at the Zielinski documents.  Jewish history is not exactly my specialty.  You'll need to come along in your guise of respectable Yiddish scholar.  And if that doesn't get us access then we'll work the blind angle.  We'll threaten them with the Americans With Disabilities Act."
"Phil, even if I agree to this idea, which frankly I think is nuts, it's not going to work.  Raina Zielinski had a whole shoebox full of papers.  You don't read Yiddish, and Ming never had time to mark the documents with Braille tabs.  We won't be able to tell which paper is the property deed."
"Hmm.  You said most of the papers were personal letters and diary entries.  Doesn't the deed look more official?  Like a government form?"
I shook my head.  "No.  Ming said it was handwritten.  It looked official in the sense that it had witness signatures and descriptions of landmarks and property boundaries, but it wasn't on a form."
"That's kind of odd, isn't it?  I mean, this was in 1930.  Sure, things were a little less formal back then, a little less bureaucratized, but still, the Registry of Deeds office had been established by then.  Property transfers had to be notarized and all that.  Were there any stamps on the document?  Notary stamps?"
"Not that Ming mentioned.  It seems to have been an informal agreement between the two parties."
"Would it hold up in court, do you think?"
I shrugged.  "I don't know.  It would have to be translated into English, and Cyrus would need to get legal advice from a lawyer specializing in property disputes."
Phillipa started pacing again.  "I wonder if the deed was ever technically legal.  Maybe this Aaron Levy was pulling the wool over Matthew Wilbraham's eyes.  Having him sign a fake document.  Do you think Matthew could even read Yiddish?  That would have been extremely unlikely back in the thirties.  For that matter, it would be extremely unlikely now.  Yiddish is a dying language.  Even most Jewish people can't read it nowadays."
Delilah, tired of having her back scratched, rolled over so I could continue my ministrations on her stomach.
"I suppose someone could have taught him," I said.  "He seems to have had some kind of connection to the Gostynin Shul group.  A love affair, maybe?  Maybe he had a girlfriend, or even a fiancé, who was a member of the group."
"It's possible, I guess," said Phillipa.  "Though they would have had to keep it very quiet.  Can you imagine the scandal it would have caused back then?  Matthew would have been lynched and the woman would very possibly have been killed by her own relatives."  She sighed.  "It would be a shame to go through all the hassle of getting our hands on this deed only to find out it's worthless.  Still, I think we should try.  Apart from getting Catherine off your back, I think we owe it to the Wilbraham family.  Think of the struggle Matthew must have gone through, to make enough money to buy a building on Beacon Hill.  It's true that property values were a lot lower back then, but even so, for a black man to do something like that back in the thirties was a major accomplishment.  His heirs should reap the rewards."
"I agree, but I just don't think we can get away with it.  We can't just stuff a bunch of documents in our underwear and run."
"It won't be a whole stack of papers, just one small piece.  We'll think of some clever way to hide it.  On you.  That would be the best bet.  They won't want to search the poor blind lady."
"Lovely.  But, like I said before, without Ming we won't be able to distinguish this one small piece of paper from all the rest."
"Well, then Ming will have to come with us."
"No way.  I'm not getting Ming involved in something illegal.  It's one thing for me to do it to save my own hide, but I'm not getting my twenty-year-old assistant in trouble with the law."
"Oh, good grief.  Chill, woman.  You and I will take the blame if we get caught.  You can say you threatened to fire Ming if she didn't comply."



And that was how I found myself clutching Phillipa’s arm as we negotiated Manhattan’s Flatiron district.  Other than a short vacation on Cape Cod I hadn’t been outside of Boston for years, and I was feeling distinctly unanchored.  Ming walked a few steps ahead of us, trying to divert oncoming pedestrians.  I’d left Delilah at home.  The crowds would have been too much for her.  Normally when I didn’t have Delilah I used my cane, but after hitting several people with it before we even got out of Penn Station I’d given up and folded it back into my purse.
“Piece of scaffolding on the sidewalk,” Ming said tersely.  She was treating her lead position as seriously as if she were a scout in the Continental Army relaying intelligence back to General Washington on the front lines.
“I see it,” said Phillipa.  “Okay, Joanna, big step up here.  Up and over.  There we go.  Boy, this herding of the handicapped is exhausting.  I have a new respect for Delilah, let me tell you.”
I tried to laugh, but it came out strangled.  I was tense, exhausted, and my jaw ached from excessive teeth-grinding.  My mind was automatically trying to create a mental map of my surroundings from the feel of the sidewalk under my feet and the noises around me, but the result was too amorphous to be useful.  It was like trying to use a GPS unit which was on the fritz.  North, south, east, west, who knew which was which?  Certainly not me.  Phillipa patted my arm.
“Not much farther,” she said.  “I can see the sign for the Yeshiva University Museum.  The Center for Jewish History is in the same building.”
“Double-wide baby stroller,” barked Ming.  “Headed straight for us.  Use evasive maneuvers.”
I gasped as Phillipa suddenly lifted me up by both elbows.
“Sorry,” she said.  “I had to move you off the sidewalk into the gutter.  That stroller wasn’t gonna give us an inch.” 
“Halt,” said Ming.  “Intersection.  Recommend waiting until conditions improve.”
Phillipa sighed.  “Ming, give it a rest.”
“Sir, yes sir!” said Ming.



“Yes, I see your appointment listed here, ma’am,” said the receptionist at the front desk of the Center for Jewish History.  “Thank you for calling ahead.  I’m sure the Director of Archive Services will be thrilled to meet colleagues from Boston.  But the thing is, you’re nearly an hour too early.  The director is in another meeting.  Can you come back closer to your appointed time?  We have a nice little cafe in the basement.  Cheryl baked some fresh scones.  Blueberry.  They’re great.  I had one for breakfast.”
Phillipa tapped her foot officiously.  “We’d prefer to see the documents we requested right away, rather than wasting time in the cafe.  Dr. Adelman has to be back in Boston this afternoon to give a presentation to some important donors.  I’m sure you understand how that goes.  When it comes to history, money is in the driver’s seat.”
“Yes, I understand that you’re in a hurry, but you can’t get into the preservation lab without an escort.  If you could just wait . . .”
“I’m afraid we can’t wait.  Surely one of your clerks can take us.” 
It was times like this when I was almost glad to be blind.  It helped to lessen the embarrassment.  A useful thing when one spent time with Phillipa.  She'd always had a quality of being immune to embarrassment.  Hers was a sledgehammer personality.  Not great for delicate situations, but wonderful for bashing down walls.  I heard Ming stifle a laugh.  She was another one who seemed immune to embarrassing situations.  She'd step to the sidelines and watch things play out, keeping an ironical distance from the center of the action.  I wasn't sure if I admired that quality in her or not.  It seemed a bit passive.  A sense of humor was a great thing to have, but sometimes you had to jump into the deep end, not just stand in the shallows making fun of everyone else.
I had to give the receptionist credit.  She was putting up a remarkable resistance to Phillipa.  It was time for a jump into the deep end.  I sighed and put a hand to my head.  “One of my headaches is coming on,” I said in a pitiful voice, stepping closer to the reception desk.  “It’s a side effect of the injuries.”  I pointed to the scar which cut across my left eye.  The eye was intact.  Fake, but intact.  I’d been fitted with a glass eye after the accident.  My right eye was also intact, but its cornea had been scarred by glass fragments.  So it wasn’t like I was grotesquely deformed.  There was no empty crater where an eye should have been.  Still, the scar, combined with a slight distortion of the eye socket was noticeable enough to generate passing comments.  Especially from children.  I was used to hearing a lot of ‘Mommy, what’s wrong with that lady’s face?’ when I was out in public.  I leaned in toward the receptionist.  “I’d really like to get this done as soon as possible so I can get back home and lie down.”
The receptionist cleared her throat uncomfortably.  “Yes, of course.  I understand.  Let me see . . . Rachel, could you come over here?  Rachel is one of our interns from Yeshiva University.  She has access to the preservation lab.  I’m sure she’ll be glad to take you down there.  If you’ll just wear these visitor’s passes.  Rachel, the director left a folder of documents on the check-out desk in the lab.  It’s marked ‘New Acquisitions – Boston’.  These ladies want to examine the documents.  Help them find gloves, and stay with them until the director comes down.”



“So, how are we going to get rid of Rachel?”  Ming asked in a barely audible whisper.
“Is she watching us?” I whispered back.  Ming and I were seated at a long table in the preservation lab, while Phillipa stood behind us, trying to shield us from view.
“Like a hawk.  I’m not sure if she doesn’t trust us, or if she’s just very conscientious.”
“Are you sure this is the right one?”  I had one gloved finger on a piece of paper which Ming had assured me was the 1930 deed to 22 Phillips Street.  I could tell that the paper was neatly flattened.  The Center had obviously subjected it to a humidification process to get rid of creases.  It wasn’t in an encapsulation sleeve, either because the lab hadn’t had time, or because they hadn’t considered it sufficiently fragile.
“Positive.  I think we should make our move, before someone else comes into the lab.  Maybe you could faint or something.”
“I’m not going to faint,” I said irritably.  “What is this, a Victorian novel?  Although . . .”  I stood up shakily, nearly knocking over my chair.  “Miss,” I said in a quavering voice, “could you possibly get me a glass of water?  I’m not feeling well.  There’s a strong smell of acetate decomposition in here.  You should really speak to your director about better ventilation.”
“Um,” said the hapless Rachel, “We’re not allowed to bring food or drink in here.  If you need something to drink you’ll have to go down to the café.”
“Oh come now,” said Phillipa in her best herd-the-sheep voice.  “The woman just needs a sip of water.  Run along and get her some.  She’ll drink it over by the door, away from the documents.”
“Okay, I guess,” said Rachel reluctantly.  “Just wait here until I get back.”
I heard the door to the lab close.  Phillipa reached over my shoulder and slid the deed out from under my finger.  
“My apologies to any sensitive souls in the room,” she said, “but historical document or not, I’m going to have to fold this.”
Paper rustled and then I gasped as Phillipa lifted my sweater and shoved the deed into the back of my underpants.
“Couldn’t I just put it in my purse?” I groused.  
“Nope.  They might have a bag search policy.  Now, stop complaining and try to look innocent.  She’ll be back any second.”
Ming and I were arranging ourselves in a professional huddle over the other Zielinski documents when a loud click echoed across the quiet room.
“What was that?” whispered Ming.
“It sounded like the door,” said Phillipa.  “Hang on.”
She strode over to the door of the lab and rattled the doorknob.  “That’s strange,” she said.  “Someone’s locked it.”
Beside me Ming suddenly started sniffing like a bloodhound with a cold.  “Do you smell smoke?” she asked.
“Yes,” I said as an acrid scent reached my nose.  “It smells like burning newspapers.  Maybe this building is near some kind of recycling plant.”
“I don’t think so,” said Ming.  “The smell is coming from inside this room.”  She put a hand on my shoulder.  “Stay here.  I’ll go check it out.”
“Ming, wait!” shouted Phillipa.  “Damn the girl.  She’s disappeared already.  Joanna, stay put.  I can see smoke coming from the back of the lab.”  I heard her footsteps rush off.
To heck with staying put.  I felt my way over to the door of the lab and tried the handle.  Definitely locked or jammed.  I put my ear to the door.  No sound came from the hallway outside.  The preservation lab was down in the basement of the building.  When Rachel had led us down to the lab I remembered passing the café.  There’d been a jumble of voices and the hiss of an espresso machine.  After that we’d walked down a long quiet hallway, not passing any offices or other people, as far as I could tell.  The lab was probably isolated due to the chemicals sometimes used in document preservation.  I banged on the door as hard as I could.  “Help!  Open the door.  We’re locked in.”  I banged again, then listened.  Nothing.
Running footsteps sounded behind me.  
“Joanna, move away from the door,” said Phillipa.  “There’s a fire.”  
I stood aside as Phillipa threw her weight at the door.  It shook in its hinges, but didn’t open.  Ming joined her but they couldn’t budge it.  “Damn,” Phillipa said.  “This thing must be steel-lined or something.  It’s just not going to open.”
“Phillipa,” said Ming in a quiet voice.  “Look.”
I turned toward the sound of her voice.  I could feel it on my face.  Heat.  It felt like a heat lamp turned up too high.  I could hear the fire crackling as it leapt through shelves of paper documents.
“Sweet Jesus,” whispered Phillipa.  She grabbed my arm.  “The vault,” she said pulling me toward the back of the lab.  “It might be airtight.”
The Archives building in Boston had an airtight and waterproof vault where our most valuable documents were stored.  It was a good bet that the Center had one too.  I wondered how long the air inside the vault would last if we managed to get in.  When a spark landed on my hand, singeing the skin, I decided there were more pressing matters.  Like not getting roasted alive.
“It’s down here!” shouted Ming, racing past us.  “There’s a sign at the end of the bookshelves.  See?  Document Vault.  It’s pointing down those stairs.”
I felt myself getting dizzy as Phillipa and Ming half-carried me down a tightly-wound spiral staircase.  Its metal steps rang with our footsteps as we raced ahead of the smoke which was enveloping us.  
“There’s the vault,” said Ming, letting go of my arm.  
“Try to open it,” barked Phillipa.  “There’s a door down at the end of this hall.  It looks like it might lead outside.”  She abruptly propped me against the wall and ran off.
I felt along the wall in the direction of Ming’s voice.  She was swearing in Yiddish.  
“The vault door is closed.  It’s got one of those wheel-type mechanisms.  I can’t tell if it’s locked or if I’m just turning it wrong.”
“It’s usually clockwise to open,” I said. 
“Okay.”  
I heard a mechanical clicking sound as Ming spun the wheel.  
“It’s just turning and turning but not opening.”
I wiped my forehead.  My wool sweater and jeans were soaked with sweat.  The temperature was rapidly becoming unbearable.  “What’s Phillipa doing?”
“She’s shoving at a door at the end of the hall.  It’s not opening. . . no, wait . . .oh, thank goodness.  She’s got the door open.  Come on.”
Ming grabbed my arm and dragged me along, nearly pulling me off my feet.  
“Hurry!” shouted Phillipa.  
She grabbed my other arm and they hustled me up a flight of stairs.  I gasped in relief as I felt a breeze on my face.  We were outside.  I heard the door clang behind us as Phillipa kicked it shut.
We stumbled away from the building, down what must have been an alley, judging by the smell of garbage and urine.  Next to me I heard Ming coughing like she was going to hock up a lung.  Traffic noises got louder as we reached the end of the alley.  We were on a major street, but I had no idea which one.  I was so disoriented I could barely tell if I was standing upright.  My knees started to collapse and Phillipa lowered me onto what felt like a cardboard box.
“I’ve already called 911 and reported the fire.  Do you guys need an ambulance?  I can call again.”
I choked on the gulp of air I was sucking in.  It was Brandon Lowell’s voice.
“What on earth . . .?” I began.
“Yeah, I know,” said Brandon.  “Fancy meeting me here.  Good thing I was, though.  Looks like you had a pretty close call.  Another few minutes and you three would’ve been crispy critters. You owe me one.” 
I started to protest, but Phillipa interrupted me.
“Brandon was the one who got the door open,” she said quietly.  “It was locked.”
“Yeah, it had a padlock on the outside,” said Brandon.  “Fortunately the lock was rusty.  I gave it a whack with an iron pipe I found and it fell off.”
“So you saved our lives,” said Ming in a voice hoarse from coughing.  “But, how did you know where we were?”
“I could hear Phillipa.  I mean Dr. Henderson.  She was pounding on the door and yelling for help.  I was sort of loitering in this alley here.  Then I smelled smoke and heard someone shouting.  Now, I think I should call an ambulance.  At least for Ming.  She sounds like my Uncle Burton did, right before he died from emphysema.”
"No, no," gasped Ming.  "I'm okay.  Really.  I just needed to cough up some of the smoke.  I'm fine."
"You don't sound fine," said Phillipa.  "I think Brandon's right.  We should take you to the hospital.  Have you checked for smoke inhalation."
"No way," said Ming.  "I'm not going to the hospital and that's final.  They'll make us wait in the emergency room for hours.  I hate emergency rooms.  They're like hell, only smellier."
I coughed up a wad of gunk and indelicately spat it onto the ground.  “What were you doing ‘loitering’ in this alley?” I asked Brandon.  “For that matter, what are you even doing in New York?”
Brandon chuckled.  “Always the suspicious one aren’t you, Joanna?  You should’ve been a cop, not a historian.  I get kind of tired of you always ragging on me.”  A petulant note crept into his voice, a tone which I recognized very well.  Whenever someone at the Archives had to tell Brandon to get back to work, which was often, he adopted this same whiny, put-upon voice.  
“It’s a valid question,” said Phillipa.  “What are you doing here Brandon?” 
Brandon sighed as if he were the only sane person in a world full of fools.  “Mom told me to follow you, of course.”
“She did what?” asked Phillipa.
“Well, you can hardly blame her,” said Brandon.  “The way you guys have been poking your noses into our construction project on Beacon Hill.  We know you aimed that slimeball Cyrus Jackson at us like a money-grubbing guided missile.  Mom is pissed.  You’re lucky she ordered me to follow you to New York instead of coming herself.  She would have left you to burn.”
I was struggling to lift myself off the cardboard box, which was damp and sagging under my weight.  Brandon put an arm around me and lifted me to my feet, ruining the good-guy impression he was apparently trying to convey but letting his hand linger on my waist.  
I angrily shook him off.
Brandon just laughed.  “I know Joanna’s gonna hate taking favors from me, but I have an idea.  Since you guys look in pretty sad shape, but you don’t want to go to the hospital, why don’t you come home with me?  My Aunt Lidia has an apartment on the Upper East Side.  She was married to my Uncle Burton – the one with the lung problem.  We could take a cab there.  Better than hanging around in this alley.  The police will probably want to talk to us about the fire, but I can call them from the apartment.  I think my aunt still has some of Uncle Burton’s old oxygen tanks.  A few whiffs of oxygen would make you feel better.  It can't hurt, right?"
"I don't know . . ." I said.  The last thing I wanted was to go anywhere with Brandon, but apparently Phillipa had other ideas.
"I think that's a very good idea," she said.  "We could all use a bit of a rest, somewhere quiet.  Do you think your aunt would mind if we showed up on her doorstep?"
"She's in Paris right now.  Checking out the spring couture collection at Givenchy.  Of course, it's been thirty years since she last squeezed into couture, but she still tries, bless her.  Her doorman knows me.  He'll let us into her apartment.  So, that's settled.  I'll go see if I can find us a cab."
I waited until I could no longer hear his footsteps.  "Phil," I hissed.  "What are you doing?"
"I want to find out what he's up to," she replied calmly.  "Doesn't it strike you as suspicious that someone starts a fire which nearly kills us, and Brandon just happens to be nearby?"
Ming gasped.  "You think he started the fire?"
"I think it's possible," said Phillipa.
"But," said Ming, "that doesn't make sense.  If he wanted to kill us then why did he break that padlock so we could get out?  He could have just left us in there."
"Maybe he was hoping we'd found the deed to 22 Phillips Street," I said.  "Which we have."  I shifted uncomfortably.  "It's irritating the heck out of my left buttock right now."
"But wouldn't he have wanted that destroyed in the fire as well?” asked Ming.  “The deed, I mean.  Not your left buttock."  
"I think he had instructions from dear old Mom," I said.  "Catherine probably wants to know what the deed says.  And she wants to know as soon as possible.  So her lawyers can marshal a defense against Cyrus Jackson.”
Brandon’s heavy tread returned, echoing along the walls of the alley.  “Come on.  I’ve got a taxi.”


Chapter Ten


“Wow,” said Ming in a voice that was still raspy from smoke inhalation.  “I wish you could see this place, Joanna.  It’s stunning.  They’ve got the entire top floor.  The view over the park must be incredible.”
“Yeah,” said Brandon, “Uncle Burton was really good at managing his money.  Joanna, just scoot over a bit so I can close the front door.”
I stepped to the side and felt a whoosh of air as the massive door closed.  
“Of course,” continued Brandon, “Uncle Burton had the advantage of starting off with the biggest piece of the Lowell fortune.  He was my grandfather’s favorite.  But he didn’t waste his inheritance the way my father did.”
My Nikes squeaked on the marble floor of the entrance hall as I took a few tentative steps away from Ming.  
“Whoa there,” said Brandon.  “Somebody corral Joanna.  We don’t want her falling into the koi pond.”
I stopped short.  “There’s a pond inside the apartment?”
“A pond, a waterfall, ferns,” said Phillipa.  “It’s practically its own ecosystem.”
Her footsteps circled around me as she explored the room, which, as far as I could judge by the echoes was extremely large.  The space and the marble and the coldness of the air made me feel like I was in a museum rather than in someone’s home.  The dripping of the waterfall wasn’t so much restful as annoying.  It sounded like someone had left a faucet running.
“What’s with these empty spaces here on the wall?” asked Phillipa.  “It looks like paintings used to hang here.  Did your aunt have a break-in?”
“No,” said Brandon, “nothing like that.  She just sold a few things at auction recently.  There used to be a Corot hanging there.  And a Pissarro next to it.  Originals, both of them.  They fetched over two million at Sotheby’s.”
His footsteps echoed on the marble as he crossed the room.  “There used to be a Brancusi sculpture on this pedestal.  She sold that too.  Had to,” he added, his voice bitter.  “After my uncle died my aunt had the family lawyers take a look at her investments.  Turns out there was a lot less money left than she expected.  Uncle Burton had given millions to my father.  Which my father promptly lost in poker games.  He used to fly to Macau every month for high-stakes Texas Hold’em.  My father was the youngest of five kids, Uncle Burton was the oldest.  He took on kind of a parental role in regard to my father.  Frankly, he spoiled him.  Kept bailing him out, paying his debts.  I’m supposed to inherit from my Aunt Lidia when she dies, but there isn’t all that much left.”
“Well,” said Phillipa, “you’ll still inherit from your mother, I assume.  She’s one of the wealthiest people in Boston.  I doubt you’ll go hungry.”
Brandon didn’t answer, which made me wonder.  He’d mentioned money troubles before, that day on Beacon Hill when Ming and I were searching for the location of the Gostynin Shul.  Something about being glad his father had died before he’d bankrupted the entire Lowell family.  
It looked like the Lowell fortune might be a lot smaller than it had been in Caleb Lowell’s day.  No wonder Catherine Lowell was in a rage about having her Phillips Street construction project disrupted.  The delay was costing her money she couldn’t afford to lose.
“Let me see if I can find those oxygen tanks,” said Brandon.  “The guest bedrooms are down that hallway to your right.  Take any one you want.”



A hand on my shoulder shook me awake.  For a moment I couldn’t remember where I was.  
“Joanna, the police are here,” said Phillipa.  
I yawned and sat up, feeling an unfamiliar satin bedspread under my hands.  Oh, right.  Brandon’s Aunt Lidia and her palatial apartment.  I sneezed as the smell of mothballs assaulted my nostrils.  Apparently the room hadn’t had any guests for quite a while.
“How long have I been asleep?” I asked.  
“Not long.  Less than an hour.”  Phillipa sat down next to me on the bed.  “Joanna, you’re crackling.”
“What?” I asked in confusion.
“You’re crackling.  You’ve still got the property deed in your pants.”
“Oh.”  I fished around under the waistband of my jeans and pulled out the crumpled piece of paper.  I smoothed it out as best I could and handed it to Phillipa.
She tapped it with a finger.  “We’ve got to hide this somewhere.”
“Why don’t I just put it in my . . . oh crap.  My purse.  I left it on the table at the Center.  It’s nothing but ashes now.  My credit cards are little blobs of melted plastic.  Well, on the upside I guess I won’t have to worry about anyone using them.”
“I still have my purse,” said Phillipa, “but I don’t want to put the deed in there.  The police might search us.”
“Search us?  What is it with you and these bag searches?  I think all those protest marches you went on when you were younger messed with your head.  This isn't Chicago in '68.  It's not you against the pigs.  We’re not suspects.”
“I’m not sure the police see it that way,” said Phillipa in the dignified voice she used when she was offended but didn’t want to admit it.  “There are two detectives and a uniformed officer in the library waiting to talk to us.  The lead detective is a sister – a black woman with a pin from the Alpha Kappa Alpha sorority on her lapel.  A Spelman College alumni.  I tried to buddy up to her, but she wasn’t biting.”
I felt the bed move as she stood up.  There was a ringing noise as a curtain was drawn back, and then the crackle of paper.
“I’ve put the deed inside a rip in the lining of the drapes,” said Phillipa.  “It’s down along the hem of the curtain, on the left side as you’re facing the window.  I doubt anyone will find it there.  The rip is hard to see.  Now, come on.  Let’s go face down the fuzz.”



The police insisted on talking to us separately.  I was perched precariously on a stool next to the breakfast nook in the kitchen.  I hated sitting on stools.  With my feet up on the rungs and no back support I felt like I was floating in space.  I clutched the granite top of the kitchen counter with both hands to steady myself.  With thoughts of Phillipa’s police paranoia still in my head I wondered if the police had deliberately put me on a stool to disorient me.  For some reason I’d gotten the lead detective, a woman named Lila Barton.  I couldn’t decide if they’d paired me with the boss because they thought I was the ring-leader of our little band, or if they figured I’d be the easiest to crack.  Probably the latter.  
I took a sip from the Pepsi someone had put in front of me.  “Was anyone hurt in the fire?” I asked.
“No,” said the detective.  “Fortunately the preservation lab was isolated from the rest of the building.  The fire didn’t spread beyond the lab.”
She was sitting on a stool next to mine, our knees almost touching.  I swiveled my stool away from her.  “Well, that’s good news.  What about the lab itself?  I hope they didn’t lose anything too valuable.”
“The director says no.  Most of their documents were in the vault, which was fireproof.  The documents left out for cleaning and repair were destroyed, but the director doesn’t think they lost anything of major importance.  She can’t say for certain.  The checkout list they used to keep track of what was taken out of the vault was also destroyed in the fire.  Apparently it was just a handwritten list on a pad of paper.  Not exactly high-tech.  However, she informs me that they did lose the entire contents of a box recently sent to them from Boston.  The Zielinski documents, she called them.”
“Yes,” I said, deciding that honesty was the best policy.  A somewhat edited honesty, anyway.  “Those were originally donated to the place where I work - the Archives, in Boston.  Our chairman decided they didn’t fit in with our collection, so she sent them to New York.  The Archives is somewhat similar to the Center for Jewish History, except that we specialize in the history of Boston.”
“The history of Boston?  The Boston Tea Party, the pilgrims, Samuel Adams . . . that sort of thing?  Seems a bit out of your line.  Dr. Henderson said that you were a Yiddish scholar.”
“I am.  Substantial numbers of Jews from Eastern Europe began immigrating to Boston around 1880.  We don’t have anywhere near the depth of Jewish history you have here in New York, but we have enough to keep one Yiddish scholar busy.”
A spoon tapped against ceramic as the detective poured herself a cup of coffee and stirred something into it.  “And why were you busy with these Zielinski documents?  Were they valuable?”
“Not really,” I said.  “The oldest ones dated back to 1880, but that isn’t particularly old.  And age alone doesn’t make a document valuable.  A letter written by someone well-known, like Abigail Adams or John Hancock would be of historical importance and automatically valuable, as long as it was genuine of course.  The Zielinski documents weren't in that class.  They were mostly personal letters and diary entries written by several generations of people who lived on the north slope of Beacon Hill.  They immigrated from a region on the Polish/Lithuanian border and settled in Boston around 1880.  I call them the Gostynin Shul group, after a small synagogue they founded.”
The spoon suddenly stopped stirring.  “The Gostynin Shul group?”
“Yes,” I said warily, wishing, not for the first time, that I could see people’s facial expressions.  “Why?”
“Well,” said Detective Barton slowly, “it might not be the same group of people, but the name Gostynin has been in the local news recently.  They’re a group of Orthodox Jews who live in the Borough Park area of Brooklyn.  The newscasts have labeled them a cult.  Whether that’s a fair description I couldn’t say, but they do seem to have some cultish aspects.  They’re very insular, in that Amish sort of way.  Stuck in the past.  They all dress as if they just got off the boat at Ellis Island.  Headscarves, long dresses for the women.  Long beards and black suits for the men.  Some of them have those curly ringlets.  None of which bothers me.  I’ve lived in New York all my life, except for a brief foray to college in Georgia.  I’ve seen plenty of Orthodox Jews.  They’re hard to miss, especially in certain parts of Brooklyn.  Most New Yorkers just give them their space, which is all they want.  But these Gostynin people are different.  They’re aggressive.  The men especially.  One of them was arrested just last week for throwing a brick at a woman.  She wasn’t even a member of their group.  She was just walking down the street, minding her own business.  She was coming home from work, so she was wearing a business suit and high heels.  This Gostynin nitwit brained her with a brick because he said her bare legs were an abomination before God.”
I shuddered, an image of Micah Levy flashing into my mind.  “Was she seriously injured?”
“No, she was okay.  A minor concussion, a few stitches.  But, as you can imagine, the group is not making itself popular."  She took a sip of coffee.  "It's just interesting that you should mention the name Gostynin.  It's not a very common name.  You said this group formed in Boston more than a century ago.  So, this group we've got in Brooklyn, they're some kind of offshoot from the Boston group?"
I nodded.  "It sounds like it, though I was surprised to hear you mention them.  I was told that the group in Boston disbanded several decades ago.  The younger generations started marrying outside the group and became more integrated into society."
"Lucky for Boston," said the detective with a trace of bitterness.  "Now we get to deal with them.  New York has a lot of these small groups that are stuck in the past.  They run the gamut of all cultures and religions.  Ostrich people, I call them.  They can't deal with modern life, so they stick their heads in the sand."
I heard a rapid clicking sound.  The detective was tapping her fingernails on the granite countertop.  It sounded like she had quite an elaborate manicure.  I could always tell how long someone's nails were.  Short, ragged ones made almost no sound, while long pointed ones made a high-pitched click like the hum of cicadas.
"This Gostynin group," said the detective, "you aren't feuding with them for some reason, are you?"
I jerked slightly, surprised.  I had to grasp the countertop to keep my stool from swiveling.  "No.  Of course not.  As I told you, the Boston group doesn’t even exist anymore, and I'd never heard of the group in Brooklyn until you told me about them."
"Hmm," said the detective skeptically.  "The reason I ask is that the fire department says the fire in the preservation lab was definitely arson.  They haven't had time to do a complete investigation, but there are unmistakable signs.  There was the front door to the lab, for one thing.  I saw it myself.  Someone had soldered the lock.  Literally melted it so that it couldn't be opened."
"After we were inside," I muttered.
"Exactly.  It's possible that whoever set the fire wasn't targeting the lab, they were targeting you.  And here we sit, chatting about a group of people you have some kind of connection with.  People who have proven themselves to have violent tendencies."
I stalled, finishing my Pepsi while I tried to think.  Phillipa suspected Brandon of starting the fire, but she had no proof.  And the fact that I’d stolen a document from the preservation lab right before it went up in flames was awkward, to say the least.  I decided that dispensing a minimum amount of information was my best option.  “I don’t know what to tell you.  The Zielinski documents led me to the Gostynin Shul group, but the documents were just an ordinary research project.  The type of thing I deal with every day at work.  Local people of Jewish heritage donate old letters and other papers they’ve saved.  Things which might be of historical interest.  If they’re in Yiddish or Hebrew I translate them into English and my assistant or an intern helps me enter them into our computer system so other scholars can access them.”
The detective emitted a non-committal ‘hmm’ as her pen scratched across her notepad.  “Why did you leave the scene of the fire?” she asked suddenly.
“I’m not really sure,” I said.  “I know that sounds odd, but it’s true.  All three of us – me, Phillipa, and Ming – were disoriented, struggling to breathe.  Ming especially had gotten a lot of smoke in her lungs.  Brandon – that’s Brandon Lowell, his family owns this apartment – offered to call an ambulance, but Ming was insistent about not wanting to go to the hospital.  So, Brandon suggested we come here.  Maybe under other circumstances we would have declined, but as I said, we were all kind of rattled by the whole experience and not really thinking straight.”
“Brandon Lowell.  I had a brief talk with him.  He admits to being at the scene of the fire.  And we have the recording of his 911 call to the fire department.  He’s a bit vague about what he was doing at the Center.  Did he come with you from Boston?”
“No.  He told us his mother asked him to follow us.  So, he followed us to New York.”  I could practically hear the detective’s eyebrows raise.
“Followed you?”  More scratching of pen in notebook.  “That’s rather melodramatic.  Who exactly is this mother of his, and why would she tell her son to follow you?”
“Her name is Catherine Lowell.  She’s chairman of the board at the Archives.”
“The same chairman who sent these Zielinski documents here to New York?”
“Yes,” I sighed.  “That’s her.”
“I take it you two have some kind of conflict going on.  Is she your boss?”
“She’s my boss’s boss.  We’ve never gotten along well.  Mainly because my work involves researching Jewish history, and Catherine Lowell is very anti-Semitic.”
“Anti-Semitic?  That’s kind of a rare thing these days.  Rare to admit to, anyway.  Is this prejudice of hers the reason she sent these Zielinski documents to New York?  To get rid of them?”
“Yes.  Catherine has a sort of “purity” she tries to preserve in our collection at the Archives.  She defines purity as anything which is white, Puritan, Waspy, British, or colonial.  Things which don’t fit into these categories she tries to keep out of the Archives.  Anything related to Jewish culture or African-American culture is particularly targeted.”
“And that’s the only reason you two are at odds?”
“I think that’s reason enough,” I said evasively, though the detective didn’t seem to notice.
“Well, I think I have enough for now," said Detective Barton.  "I'll have to ask you to stay in New York for a few days."
I choked on the last of my Pepsi.  "A few days?"
"Yes.  Just until the preliminary arson report comes in.  After that you can go home to Boston.  You may be called to give evidence if it comes to a criminal trial, but we'll deal with that when we come to it."
"All right," I said reluctantly.  A few days in New York meant either booking an insanely expensive hotel room or being dependent on the hospitality of the Lowells.  Neither option was appealing.
  "Just give your home address and phone number to the uniformed officer.  He’s waiting in the entrance hall.  Mr. Lowell has called some kind of family doctor to give you three the once-over.  Apparently when you’ve got enough money they make house calls.  Make sure the doctor checks your lungs.  You're a bit raspy, though you don’t sound as bad as that Asian girl.”


*	*	*	*


I sniffed my sweater.  It still reeked of smoke.  I flapped my arms, hoping the early morning breeze would deodorize me.  I'd washed the sweater in the private laundry room of the Lowell's apartment, but apparently Extra-Strength Tide was no match for incinerated parchment.
Phillipa and Ming were still asleep in one of the guest bedrooms.  We'd taken a vote on where to stay.  I'd suggested the YWCA, but I'd been overruled.  Ming was too tired to leave the apartment, and Phillipa was determined to keep an eye on Brandon.  Something about keeping your enemies close.  
A whiff of sulfur floated by on the breeze.  The building's doorman had lit a cigarette.  I turned toward him, tapping out a half-circle to make sure I wasn't about to walk face-first into a potted plant.  My own cane had been destroyed in the fire, but Phillipa had found one of Uncle Burton's walking sticks in an umbrella stand.  It was heavier than I was used to, with a silver head shaped like a roaring lion, but it was better than nothing.
"Could you tell me what time it is?" I asked.
"Sure.  It's just past six-thirty."
"Thanks.  I didn’t realize it was so early.  Is it still dark out?"
"No, it's plenty light out.  Sunrise is at six."
"Great.  I need some air and a bit of exercise.  I think I'll take a stroll around the block."
The doorman cleared his throat.  "I'm not sure that's such a good idea.  There's a lot of construction just around the corner.  Scaffolding on the sidewalk.  Hard to negotiate even if you can, um, see.  If I can make a suggestion, why don't you walk along the edge of the park?  We're right across the street from it.  It's got a nice broad sidewalk, plus there's no cross streets until 85th."
"That sounds like a plan.  Thanks.  We must be on Museum Mile, then, right?"
"That's right.  We're a few blocks above the Guggenheim."
I turned toward the sound of traffic, listening.  There was a steady rush of cars and trucks even at this hour.  It was times like these when I really missed Delilah.  I didn't like relying on a cane when I was outside.  A cane couldn't warn you when a car was barreling down on you.   "Could you point me toward the nearest crosswalk?"
I heard a grinding noise on the sidewalk.  The doorman had put out his cigarette.  He awkwardly took my arm.
"I'll take you across.  Let's turn to the right.  There's a crosswalk a few feet up.  Okay, we've got a walk signal.  Watch the curb.  There you go."
Halfway across I felt a whoosh of air in front of my face which I knew from long experience was a bike messenger.  They were the bane of my existence in Boston.  They'd come speeding out from between cars stopped at a stoplight and whiz across the crosswalks without regard for pedestrians.  I'd been knocked down by them more than once.  For some reason they didn't register as a threat with Delilah.  I heard the doorman swear under his breath and jerk me to a halt as another one went rushing by.  
"Sorry about that," he said.  "Damn delivery guys.  They're a nuisance.  Okay, well, here you are safe and sound.  Now, as you said, we're on Museum Mile.  Fifth Avenue.  The Guggenheim is a few blocks along, and then the Met in about half a mile.  If you'll take my advice, head for the Met, turn around at 79th Street so you don't have to cross it, and come back the same way.  There's a low stone wall all the way along the sidewalk.  You can use that to guide you."
"Great.  Thanks for your help."
"No problem.  If Mr. Lowell comes looking for you I'll tell him where you went."
I didn't reply.  The last person I wanted to come looking for me was Brandon.  I took a deep breath of the cold morning air and set off.  March in New York was a bit more temperate than in Boston, and my jeans and wool sweater were just about enough to keep me warm.  To my right I could smell the park and recently turned-over earth.  Gardeners were probably readying the ground for spring planting.
I walked at a good pace, tapping with the heavy cane and hugging the stone wall which bordered the park.  Early morning joggers huffed past me but otherwise there didn’t seem to be many people about.  It was a bit too early for commuters.
When I reached a gap in the stone wall I stopped to rest.  I shifted the cane to my left hand and shook out my fingers.  The heaviness of the walking stick was straining my forearm.  I listened, trying to figure out from the traffic echoes why the wall had ended.  It seemed too soon to be the Met.  The museum sat right on Fifth Avenue, its broad stone steps interrupting the wall which encircled Central Park, but I was pretty sure I hadn't gone that far yet.  I tapped hesitantly around me, trying to pick up the wall again.
"Can I help you, ma'am?"
I turned toward the voice.  Judging by the sound of heavy breathing it was a jogger who had stopped suddenly in mid-workout.  
   "Uh, yes.  Thanks.  I was following the wall, but it's suddenly gone.  Is this a cross street?"
"Nope, it's just one of the paths through the park.  It goes around the back of the museum, past that glass pyramid covering the Temple of Dendur."
"Oh.  Okay.  Is the path easy to follow?"
"You mean for someone, um, like yourself?  Well, I guess so.  It's paved, and there's grass on either side, so if you tap with your cane you'll be able to tell if you've gone off it."
"Can I follow it back to Fifth Avenue?"
"Um, let me think.  It connects up with other paths headed toward the Ramble, but you don't want to go there.  Too confusing.  Paths going in all directions.  What you could do, though, is follow the main path.  It goes in a big semi-circle around the museum.  Just keep turning to your left and you’ll end up back on Fifth."
"Okay.  Thanks.  Sounds like a plan."
I turned onto the path.  I was a bit nervous about getting lost, but I did have a sketchy, if decades old, mental-map of the area.  I’d visited the Met several times as a grad student to study the Mishneh Torah, a text of Jewish law compiled by Maimonides in the twelfth century.  If I remembered correctly, the path I was on circled the museum in parallel with East Drive and then met up with Fifth Avenue again at 80th Street.
I tapped along, enjoying the fresh air.  It was nice to be out on my own, temporarily removed from my worries about Micah Levy, the fire, and the Lowells.  The smell of roasting chestnuts wafted toward me, making my stomach growl.  One of the park’s food vendors had opened his cart early.  I automatically reached for my purse, only to curse under my breath when I remembered it was now a small heap of ashes in the basement of the Center for Jewish History.  I sighed and was about to continue on my way when I heard voices behind me.  Two men were speaking Hebrew.
“Is that her, do you think?”
“It must be.  She’s using a cane.”
My hands shook as I turned to face them.  “What do you want?” I asked as assertively as I could.
“You are the Joanna Adelman?” one of them asked in strongly accented English.
I gripped my cane tightly and didn’t answer.
“We know you are the Dr. Adelman from Boston.  Do not deny.  We will not harm, but you must come with us.  To understand.”
“To understand what?” I asked harshly, listening for sounds of anyone else nearby.  The smell of chestnuts was strong, so I guessed that the vendor was within shouting range.  I took a deep breath, ready to scream if necessary.
“To understand the road we are on, the road God has ordered us to follow.”
“Who exactly is ‘we’?” I asked, though I already had an inkling of the answer.
“We are Gostynin.  Those named in the Mezuzah.”
“Named in the Mezuzah?” I asked, baffled.  It didn’t really surprise me that these two were members of the orthodox sect from Brooklyn that Detective Barton had mentioned.  My guess was that Micah Levy had some kind of connection with them.  Apart from that, the fire at the Center for Jewish History had been in the local news, and Brandon Lowell’s name had been mentioned.  It wouldn’t have been hard to track down my whereabouts.  They must have been hanging around outside the Lowell apartment, waiting for me to come out.  But the mezuzah remark made no sense at all.
A mezuzah was a small handwritten scroll attached to the doorframe of Jewish houses.  The text of the scroll was from Deuteronomy, chapters six and eleven.  The basic meaning of the text was that there was only one God and that the Jews should follow only him, or else.  It was a common idea, existing in many religions, that God was jealous and egotistical, intent on focusing all the attention of his worshippers on himself.  Deuteronomy chapter eleven listed the usual bribes for obeying and the usual punishments for worshipping other gods.  Mezuzahs were common in Jewish households, even in non-practicing ones.  My grandmother had tacked one to our apartment door when we moved in.  It was important to her, so I hadn’t objected, but I’d always found the mezuzah verses morally appalling.  Nowhere did they mention anything ethically positive, such as the relief of suffering or the promotion of equality.  Instead, the verses were dedicated to soothing God’s ego and inculcating an us-versus-them tribalism.
Nowhere in the mezuzah text did it make any mention of the name Gostynin.
We stood there uncertainly, facing each other.  They didn’t seem intent on violence, but I couldn’t help remembering the incident Detective Barton had mentioned, about one of their group throwing a brick at a woman.
I was just about to try to push past them and head back to the more populated environs of Fifth Avenue, when someone ran up to us.
“Joanna!  Are you okay?”
It was Ming, her voice still raspy from the fire.  I felt a momentary pang of guilt.  We really should have insisted she go to the hospital.
“I’m okay,” I said guardedly.  “These two gentlemen are from that Gostynin group in Brooklyn.”
“Oh, right,” said Ming.  “The police mentioned something about that.”  
She came up and took my arm, whispering in my ear.  “Are these guys connected with Micah Levy?”
“I don’t know,” I said.  “Is Phillipa with you?”
“No, she’s still asleep.  I woke up and found out you weren’t in your room.  The doorman said you’d headed this way.  I thought I’d better come find you.  That nutcase Micah is still out on bail, you know.  There’s nothing to prevent him from coming to New York and having another go at you with a tire iron.  Speaking of weapons, why don’t you let me have that?”
She took the cane from my hand and whooshed it through the air.  “Nice.  It’s heavier than my rapier, but I could still do some serious damage with it.  Is this a situation which requires serious damage?”
“I’m not sure,” I said.  “Don’t go whacking anyone on the head just yet.”
“Who is this person?” one of the men abruptly asked in Hebrew.
“My name’s Ming,” said Ming, also in Hebrew.
Both of the men gasped.  I didn’t blame them.  An Asian woman speaking Hebrew was not something you encountered every day.  And Ming, with her height, athleticism, blue-streaked hair, and flashy tracksuits was something of an intimidating figure even if you weren’t aware of her linguistic abilities.
“She’s my assistant,” I said in English.  Though I could read Hebrew I wasn’t verbally fluent in it.  Ming, who had grown up in Israel, could speak it much more easily than I could.  The situation was reversed when it came to Yiddish.  I had learned Yiddish at my grandmother’s knee, while Ming had picked up most of her Yiddish while working with me at the Archives.
“She can read the Hebrew?” asked one of the men in a low-pitched, growling voice.  I mentally nicknamed him Growl, since they hadn’t had the courtesy to tell me their names.
“Yes.  Why?”
“She will be able to read to you.  Read the scroll of mezuzah which will to prove the road God has set for the Gostynin.  It is in museum.  Come.”
“What on earth is he talking about?” asked Ming.
“I think there must be some kind of manuscript in the Met’s collection which mentions the name Gostynin,” I said.  “It’s probably just a reference to the village in Poland of that name, but this group in Brooklyn has apparently taken it as some kind of sign from God.”
Ming  sighed.  “Great.  Religious nutters.  When can I start whacking heads?”
“Not just yet.  I’m actually kind of curious now.  I want to have a look at this mezuzah.  Well, you know what I mean.  I want you to have a look at it and read it to me.”
“You’re not serious,” said Ming.  “You actually want to go with these guys?  It’s too early for the Met to be open.  They probably just want you to follow them to an isolated spot in the park so they can clobber you.  I bet you a hundred bucks they have some kind of connection to Micah Levy.  He probably ordered them to attack you.”
“It’s possible,” I admitted.  I hesitated, but my curiosity was rapidly overcoming my caution.  I wanted to find out if this mysterious mezuzah was somehow responsible for the formation of the Gostynin Shul group in Boston, and if it had caused them to become so insular and cult-like.  “Do they look dangerous?” I asked Ming.
I heard her tapping the cane on the ground while she considered.  
“No, not really.  They’re both kind of elderly.  Around seventy, I’d say.  Wearing the usual Hasidic getup, not that that proves anything one way or the other, as far as violent tendencies are concerned.  I don’t see any weapons.  If they rushed us I think I could take both of them with my trusty cane here.  This silver lion’s head has quite a heft to it.”
I nodded.  “Just in case your fencing skills aren’t enough, do you have a cell phone with you?”
“Yeah.  Here, you hang onto it.”
I felt her put it into my hand.  I flipped it open and felt along the face for the numbers 911 and for the Send button.  I practiced several times until I was sure I could dial quickly if I had to.  “Okay,” I said, tucking the phone into the pocket of my jeans.  “We’ll go with you.  Lead the way.”
The two men passed us, the scent of tobacco and incense trailing in their wake.  They headed away from Fifth Avenue, deeper into the park.  Ming tucked my arm under hers and we followed.



It was a high-pitched whistle, almost like a birdcall.
“What was that?” I asked Ming.
“One of these dudes is whistling,” she said.  “I think he’s trying to get the attention of someone inside the museum.  We’re at the back of the Met, near a loading ramp.  I can see a person at one of the windows.”
We waited in silence for several minutes, and then I heard a door creak open.  
“Hurry,” a new voice whispered in Hebrew.  “I need to reset the alarm within three minutes or the security station at the main desk will be alerted.”
We all trooped inside and the door shut behind us.  The person who had let us in muttered something to himself, apparently fiddling with the door’s alarm box.  
“This way,” he said.
As we walked through the empty halls our footsteps echoed like a tap-dance recital.  We didn't encounter any guards rushing to see what the racket was, which made me wonder if the Met was spending enough money on security.  What did they think was going to protect all those Picassos and Monets?  A wish and a prayer?
After several twists and turns I could tell by the echoes that we had entered a large open space.  
“Gosh,” said Ming.  
“What?” I whispered.  
“Nothing.  It’s just that we’re in the Roman sculpture gallery.  It’s dark except for some kind of bluish track lighting on the floor.  It looks so weird with the lights off.  All the white marble statues are glowing in the dark.  The headless ones look really creepy.  You know what it reminds me of?  The Haunted Mansion at Disneyland.  The part where the statues talk.”
“Quiet!” whispered our guide.  “I am not supposed to bring people into the museum.  If a guard catches us it will be awkward.  Hurry.”
He rushed us across the sculpture gallery and down a flight of stairs.  Keys rattled as he unlocked a door.
As soon as I crossed the threshold I knew we had left the public galleries and were in the depths of the museum’s storage areas.  The familiar smell of BookKeeper, a spray used to deacidify documents, floated in the air along with a top note of epoxy putty, used to repair broken pottery.  Our guide led us through such a confusing maze of rooms and hallways that I felt like Theseus in the Labyrinth.  Unfortunately, I had no ball of yarn handy.
“This place is worse than the basement of the Suffolk County Courthouse,” whispered Ming.  “If their plan is to kill us they don’t even have to attack.  All they have to do is leave us alone down here.  We’ll never find our way out.  Years later someone will find our skeletons, our bony hands clutching at a temptingly lifelike bowl of fruit in the Meissen porcelain section."
"Has it been moved?" one of the men suddenly asked.  "You are not taking us to the usual place."
"Yes," said our guide.  "I had to move it.  One of the curators was down here, collecting items for a new exhibit on Jewish immigration to New York.  I was afraid he would put it on display, so I moved it to a new cabinet.  I changed the collection database as well, marking its entry as too fragile for public viewing.  It is now in this cabinet over here, next to the illuminated manuscripts from Salamanca."
I heard a drawer slide open and the movements of the men became suddenly still, as if they were transfixed by something.  
"Come here," one of them said.
Ming let go of my arm and walked over to him.  I heard her muttering to herself in Hebrew as she read the document. 
"It's the standard mezuzah text," she said in English.  "Deuteronomy.  Follow only me, the one true god, or I'll be really pissed off.  Yada, yada, yada.  Hard to tell just by looking at it, but the manuscript doesn't look particularly old.  Maybe nineteenth century.  I think what's got these guys all worked up is this stuff added down at the bottom.  It's clearly in a different hand.  It doesn’t look like the typical Sofer calligraphy.  And a different type of ink was used."
She read aloud in Hebrew: "You, brothers of Gostynin, you are the keepers of the Way and the Word.  You must be vigilant in the sacred and eternal battle against Sitra Achra.  You must keep yourselves apart and not mix with those who do not follow the Way and the Word.  You must unceasingly prove yourselves worthy of your exalted position next to the light of the Ein Sof.  Arm yourselves with the power of the seventh."
I snorted but didn’t say anything, out of pure self-preservation.  This was a rather juvenile take on Lurianic Kabbalah, the teachings of Isaac Luria, a Jewish mystic who lived in Palestine in the sixteenth century.  Luria didn’t originate Kabbalah.  The Zohar, a group of books elaborating on the Torah, was the foundation of Kabbalah, but by pumping up the mystical aspects of Kabbalah Luria had essentially acted as a public relations shill, making the dry, rabbinical teachings of the Zohar appeal to the public appetite for conveniently vague mysticism.  
The Ein Sof was a sort of mystical light meant to represent goodness and the true nature of God.  The Sitra Achra was the negative of God.  Evil, essentially.  It was a simplistic dualism, a black and white type of thinking similar to Western misunderstanding of the yin and yang of Daoism.  It reflected the human tendency to put everything into well-defined categories, ignoring the fact that the universe was not discrete in the mathematical sense, but continuous, with everything from galaxies to species in constant flux, with complete disregard for taxonomy.
‘The power of the seventh’ referred to the Hebrew letter Zayin, which was the seventh letter in the alphabet.  It was also the Hebrew word for ‘sword’.  The reference was a crude nod to gematria, a type of Hebrew numerology which claimed that prophetic meanings could be found by assigning numbers to specific words in the Torah.  It created a superficial complexity which was impressive to the gullible, and which always reminded me of a line from Murders in the Rue Morgue by Edgar Allan Poe:  “What is only complex is mistaken for what is profound.”
Though the philosophy of the mezuzah text was less than impressive, I could see how it would have appealed to a small band of immigrants from an obscure village in Poland.  Immigrants who would have felt overwhelmed by the size and strangeness of their new homeland.  The text would have given them a sense of purpose, something to rally around.  A sense that they were superior and special.  Though the meaning of the text left me cold, I did have some curiosity about its origins.  I wondered if one of the original nineteenth-century immigrants from Gostynin had engaged in a little motivational propaganda and written the text himself, conveniently including the name of his home village.  Or if the text was older than that, and one of the villagers had just come across it and decided to adopt it as a creed.
“Is there a signature?” I asked.  “Or a date?”
“Nope, nothing like that,” said Ming.  “Nothing to indicate where it came from, or who wrote it.  Could have been anyone.  Which begs the question, why do these dudes think it’s such a big deal?  It’s something any twelve-year-old yeshiva student could have written.”
“Ming,” I said warningly.  Though they hadn’t exhibited any signs of violence so far, that didn’t mean these men weren’t capable of it.  Ming was the best fencer on her team at Harvard, but I had less confidence in her ability to translate those skills to self-defense than she did.  And it was now three against one.  
Ming seemed to understand my unease.  She moved back over to me and tucked my arm under hers.  
“Well,” I said, in my best ‘let’s wrap this up’ voice, “now that you’ve shown us this mezuzah, what exactly do you want from us?”
The man I had nicknamed Growl spoke in his awkward English.
“We wished you to understand the Gostynin.  We have special tasks, from God, to fulfill.  We must be allowed to these tasks, in peace.  We know you are the person of some authority among community.  Jewish people in Boston.  They come to you, bring you letters.  You record for history.  We are concerned for reputation of Gostynin.  You besmirch with accusations.  We cannot have this.”
“What accusations?” asked Ming, absently tapping the walking stick on the floor.  
I reached out and held the stick still.  “I believe he’s referring to the Zielinski documents,” I said.
“Yes, these foul lies which you spread, against honor of Levy family.  This must stop.”
“A shande far di goyim” muttered Ming.  “This again.  These dudes sure are obsessed with their reputations.  What is it about religious fanatics that makes them so damn egotistical?”
“It has never been my intention to destroy anyone’s honor,” I said, laying on the diplomacy.  “The Zielinski documents were brought to me in the usual way.  As a collection of family letters which were of possible historical interest.  I knew nothing about the Levy family’s involvement with your group until Micah Levy attacked me without provocation.”
The men muttered among themselves until Growl spoke up.  He seemed to be the ringleader.
“Yes, we have spoken to Micah about this.  He has made the worse situation.  It is not necessary, this.  We do not want to hurt.  We are just to see that you do not talk more to police about Levy family or Gostynin.”
“It’s somewhat out of my hands,” I said.  “The fight over the Gostynin Shul property in Boston has been taken to the courts.  It’s possible I may get called as a witness in the court case.  I could be arrested if I refuse to testify.  But, I can promise that I won’t volunteer any more information about your group to the police, as long as you promise me that you’ll convince Micah Levy to leave me alone.”
“We can’t promise this,” said Growl, “but we will to try.  Micah is valued member of our community.  The Levy family was of founders.  The travelers from mother country.  And for this Micah is held high in esteem.  But he is of causing problems.  With his ways.  His fights.  He is stirring up the young men, like cook stirs pot.  Bringing trouble to the surface.  And this is bringing to us attention of police.  We cannot have these law-bringers in our neighborhoods.  We have own laws.  So, we will try to calm Micah.  Is best we can do.”
I nodded.  “Thank you.  Now, could you please help us find our way out of here?”


Chapter Eleven


Ming snapped her cell phone shut.  “Phillipa is having a leisurely breakfast of Eggs Benedict and freshly-squeezed orange juice on the terrace, courtesy of the Lowell’s personal chef.  She doesn’t seem in any hurry to leave the apartment.  She says she’s staying put to keep an eye on Brandon, who’s still sleeping, but I think she just likes being pampered.  We might have a job getting her out of there and back to reality.”
I swallowed the last piece of my bagel and stirred my cappuccino.  My Nikes had gotten wet on our walk across Central Park.  I pulled them off and put my feet up on the warm steam pipe which ran along the floor of the café. “Phil deserves a bit of pampering.  Her income doesn’t allow for much in the way of indulgences.  She told me once what her salary was.  I was shocked.  It’s considerably less than mine, and I’m barely hanging onto the middle of the middle class by my fingertips.  I went to Catherine Lowell a few years ago, to try and get Phil a raise, but that went nowhere, as you can imagine.  And I managed to piss-off Phil in the process.  She informed me in no uncertain terms that she could take care of herself.”
Ming set her coffee cup down on the rickety Formica table.  “Yeah, I can see how that would’ve upset her.  It screws up the whole dynamic of her as your protector.  That’s how she sees it, anyway.  She’s always been protective of you, probably even before your accident.  It must be your whole scrawny, pallid, Jewish-intellectual vibe which brings out her maternal instinct.”
I flipped a crust of bagel at her.
“Okay, okay.  Don’t get violent.  Did I say scrawny and pallid?  I meant delicately pale.  Angelic, even.”
I snorted.  “Angelic.  The kids I went to school with would’ve considered that hysterical.  I got called witch more often than anything else.  And I have to admit there was a certain logic to it.  With my long black hair and my scrawny pallidness, as you put it, I did have a certain witchy look, even as a young kid.”
“Well, being called a witch is better than being called a slant-eyed goy,” said Ming.  “Micah Levy isn’t the only one to come up with that little insult.  Most of the kids on our kibbutz were nice enough to me, but there were a few who couldn’t cope with a Jewish Asian.  That such a thing as a Ming Leibowitz existed and was sitting in their classroom was something they couldn’t wrap their heads around.”
I sighed and sipped my cappuccino.  An espresso machine hissed somewhere in the back of the cafe.  “It can’t have been easy, growing up as the proverbial fish out of water.  Still, look at the language skills you’ve acquired.  With your mastery of Hebrew you’ll be able to get into just about any graduate program in history that you want.  The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Columbia, even Oxford or Cambridge.”
“No way,” said Ming.  “Don’t try to lead me down that path, you historian you.  There’s a reason why my major is chemistry and why I’m only minoring in Yiddish.  After listening to you and Phillipa describe in gory detail how poorly paid historians are, there’s no way I’m following in your footsteps.  Nope, I’ll get a cushy job with some giant conglomerate like Dupont and look back with relief at the bullet I dodged.  It’s gonna be polymers and test tubes from now on.  A little bloodless and impersonal, maybe, but at least I won’t starve.  And as an added bonus I won’t have to deal with loonies like those Gosytnin types.”
“True enough,” I said.  “Still, it seems a shame to let your Hebrew and Yiddish skills go to waste.”
“Well, I could always get a job in Israel.  My folks are pushing for that.  They keep sending me newspaper clippings about high-tech firms in Tel Aviv.  It would be nice to live closer to my Mom and Dad, but I’m leaning toward a job in the United States.  I fit in better here.  My folks don’t always get how it feels to be a person of Chinese heritage in Israel.  When I’m there I sometimes feel like the only Asian in the entire country, from the Sea of Galilee to the Negev.”
Ming pushed her chair back from the table.  “It’s nearly ten o’clock.  Should we head back to the apartment?”
I stretched lazily.  “Nah, let Phil enjoy the good life a while longer.  Besides, I could use a break from the whole Gostynin mess.  I don’t want to have to think about Micah Levy, the fire, or Brandon Lowell for the whole rest of the day.  The police said we had to stay in New York, but they didn’t say we had to lock ourselves in the Lowell’s apartment.  If they need to get hold of us they can call your cell phone.  The Museum of Natural History is nearby.  I think it opens at ten.  Let’s go there.”


*	*	*	*


I slowly turned the dial, trying to catch the exact moment when I could no longer feel the vibrations.  The exhibit was similar to one in Boston’s Museum of Science that I had been to many times.  You put the palm of your hand on a rubber tip and then turned a dial to make the tip vibrate.  As you increased the vibrations the tickling sensation on your palm would feel stronger and stronger, until suddenly the tickling feeling ceased and you had the illusion that the tip was completely stationary.  You had reached the point where the vibrations were so fast that the nerves in your hand could no longer detect them.
I switched to the other hand.  Ming had tried the exhibit too, but she soon tired of my fascination with it and wandered off.  It was hard for a sighted person to appreciate how much a blind person interacted with the world through her hands.  My hands were more than just a way to keep me from bumping into things.  They provided me with information about the world.  After years of reading Braille and feeling my way around rooms, my hands were essentially a crude pair of eyes.  The sense of touch added extensions to the virtual maps in my brain, expanding the visual memories left over from my sighted days.
“C’mon,” said Ming, reappearing and tucking my arm under hers.  “Let’s go check out the Rose Center.  It has the space stuff.  Planets, stars, asteroids.  It’s supposed to be pretty cool.”



“Whoa,” I said, clutching Ming’s arm for balance.  “Why is the floor tilting?”
“We’re on the Cosmic Pathway,” said Ming.  “It slopes down, like a big spiral ramp.  It’s winding around a big sphere in the middle.  I think that’s the planetarium.  There are lighted panels all along the pathway, showing how the universe evolved.  It starts at the top of the ramp at the time when the universe began, thirteen billion years ago, and now we’re up to the point when quasars appeared.”
I tugged Ming over to the handrail that bordered the pathway.  My balance was okay on level ground, but on slanted surfaces I needed something to hold onto.  We slowly made our way down the ramp, Ming occasionally stopping to read a panel to me.  Every once in a while my hand would bump into a small hand also clutching the rail.  The school kids were out in force, running up and down the ramp, laughing and shouting.  I smiled, envious of their energy. 
“This is cool,” said Ming.  “It says that the elements in our bodies - carbon, nitrogen, oxygen, and some other stuff - were created when giant stars called supernova exploded.  The pressure inside these giant stars created all the elements heavier than hydrogen and helium, and when the star exploded the elements were scattered across the universe.  After billions of years the earth was formed and life evolved and the elements made their way into us, so in a sense we’re made of star stuff.”  
“Yeah, that is pretty cool,” I said, “as long as you ignore the hippy-dippy aspect of it.  I can’t help imagining some New Age type reading that and deciding to name their kid Starshine or Starlight or Stardust.”



Ming was reading a panel on the formation of the Milky Way galaxy when the noise started.  It sounded like glass shattering, and at first I thought that one of the school kids had crashed into a display case.  Ming grabbed both my hands and put them on the handrail. 
“Stay here,” she said.  “I’ll be right back.”
I clutched the rail as panicked kids ran past me, screaming.  I listened for sirens, assuming it was some sort of medical emergency, but couldn’t hear any.  Instead there was another shattering crash.  Nearer this time.  I backed away slowly, wondering if there was some sort of structural problem with the ramp or the planetarium.  But the ramp felt solid under my feet.  Surely if it was collapsing I would have felt some kind of movement.  
Ming ran up and grabbed my arm.  “It’s Micah,” she said breathlessly.  “He’s about thirty yards down the ramp, and boy, is he in a rage.  He’s smashing the panels with his cane.  Pieces of glass and plastic are flying everywhere.  I don’t see any security guards, and there’s no time to wait for them.  Come on.  Back up the ramp.”
“But what about the kids?” I gasped as Ming pulled me along.  “We can’t let him hurt anyone.”
“He’s not going for the kids,” said Ming.  “He’s completely ignoring them.  He didn’t see me, but I would bet anything he knows we’re here.  One of those Gostynin dudes must have followed us from the Met.”
“But, we can’t just let Micah chase us all over the museum, smashing stuff.  Do you still have that walking stick?  Couldn’t you trip him or something?”
“At the risk of sounding like a cowardly wimp, I’m not going anywhere near him.  He’s completely off his head.  You should see the look in his eyes.  We’ll head for the main lobby.  There’ll be security guards there.”
Ming stopped suddenly and I tripped, falling to my knees.  “What is it?” I asked.
“Trouble,” said Ming, pulling me to my feet.  “Four Hasidic guys.  They’re at the top of the ramp.  They’re young guys, not the same ones who were at the Met.”  
She hesitated.  I could feel her arm go rigid under my hand.  
“I can’t decide which is the frying pan and which is the fire,” said Ming.  She took a deep breath.  “We’ll try the four unknowns,” she said.  “They’re blocking the ramp, but they look indecisive, like they don’t really want to be there.  C’mon.”
I reluctantly followed her up the ramp, trying not to imagine unseen blows raining down on my head.  I could hear the familiar thud-drag of Micah’s limping gait behind us.  He had stopped smashing panels and was closing in on us, muttering something in Yiddish under his breath.
“Faster,” hissed Ming.  
I held onto her arm with both hands and pushed forward as fast as I could, expecting to be knocked down by a fist at any moment.  I felt something feathery brush my hand and realized it was the tzitzit fringe dangling from beneath one of the men’s coats.  But instead of the attack I was expecting he jerked away from me.  Whether because he was unwilling to hit a woman, or just unwilling to touch one, I didn’t know and didn’t care.  
“They’ve let us pass,” whispered Ming.  “And they’re not following us.  They’re just standing there, watching Micah.  It’s kind of weird.  Keep moving.  I think the main lobby is this way.”
The floor suddenly leveled off, and I knew we were off the ramp.  We rushed down a quiet hallway, the sounds of panicked kids gradually fading away.  I could hear Micah behind us, but we were outpacing him.  
“In here,” said Ming.
I heard a door open and she pulled me inside and shut it.  
“Careful,” she said.  “It’s one of the theaters in the planetarium.  Lots of steps.  I think we’re up near the top of the theater.  It should really slow Micah down.”
I felt my fingers brush rows of seats as we awkwardly negotiated the stairs.
“Man, it’s dark in here,” said Ming.  “Too bad a show’s not playing.  There’d be more light.  As it is, I can’t see much more than you can.  Let’s go down to the stage area.  Then we should be able to go straight across and out the far door.”
We’d managed about forty steps when Ming suddenly tripped.  I heard her cry out in surprise and she let go of my arm.  I grabbed onto the back of a seat with one hand and tried to catch her with the other, but all I grasped was air.
“Ming!  Are you all right?”  I got down on my hands and knees and crawled down the stairs toward her.  She’d fallen quite far.  I found her by the noise – she was alternately groaning and swearing.
“Crap, crap, crap.  My ankle.”
“Okay,” I said.  “Just lie still.  Have you hurt anything else?  Your neck or your back?”
“No,” said Ming through gritted teeth.  “I don’t think so.  I’m not paralyzed, if that’s what you’re so optimistically implying.”
I breathed a sigh of relief.  “Okay.  You stay put.  I’ll go find some help.  I’ll . . .”
The door at the top of the stairs opened.  I’d forgotten about Micah.
“Ming,” I said, trying to keep the panic out of my voice, “can you walk?”
“No, I can’t bleeping walk,” hissed Ming.  “My ankle’s broken.  It’s bad.  I can feel a big lump.  The bone’s out of place.  It hasn’t pierced the skin, at least.  No blood.”
I heard her try to stand.  She collapsed with a cry.  
“Go pull the fire alarm” she said, breathing hard.  “I can see it.  There’s a red light glowing over on the far wall.  We’re almost at the bottom of the stairs.  Crawl down and turn to your right then go straight for about fifty feet.”
I shook my head violently.  “Ming, you can’t stay here.  Micah just came in.  It won’t take him long to find us.  If he catches you here on the floor he’ll beat you to death with his cane.”
I heard Ming drag herself along the floor.
“There,” she said.  “I’ve got my back against the wall.  It’ll give me some leverage.  I dropped the walking stick about halfway down when I fell.  Quick.  Crawl up and get it.  Bring it to me and then hide in one of the rows.”
“Ming . . .”
“No time to argue.  It’s our best shot.  I only have to hold him off until someone shows up, which should be soon considering all the commotion Micah caused on the ramp.”
I didn’t like the plan, but I couldn’t think of anything better.  It took every bit of my self-control to crawl up towards Micah.  My mind kept replaying the sound of the tire iron Micah had wielded in my hospital room in Boston.  The screech as the tire iron hit the metal frame of the bed.  As I crawled I heard Ming calling 911 on her cell phone and Micah’s thudding gait coming down toward me.  
After what seemed an endless number of steps my hand landed on the silver lion’s head of the walking stick.  I grabbed it and reversed course, scrambling down the stairs as fast as I could.  
“Ming?  Ming, where are you?”
She didn’t answer.  I was sure I’d gone down far enough, but I went on anyway, until I came to the bottom of the stairs.  Nothing.  She had disappeared.
“Ming!” I hissed, as loudly as I dared.  Micah’s steps were getting dangerously close, and I could hear his ragged breathing.  I wasn’t sure if he could see me.  Ming had described the theater as dark, but I didn’t know if that meant pitch black.  Micah had decent eyesight for his age, as far as I knew.
The walking stick made it hard to crawl.  I abandoned it and half-crawled, half-ran as fast as I could across an empty area at the bottom of the stairs.  My outstretched hand banged into something and as I felt along it I realized it was a semi-circular stage.  I followed along its edge until I came to what felt like a small door leading under the stage.  It was unlocked.  I crawled in, shut the door and crouched there, listening.
I heard Micah muttering to himself, and a sudden loud thump brought my heart to my mouth.  Micah was whacking his cane against the stage.  The thumping got closer and closer, then suddenly it stopped.  Micah said something I couldn’t catch, and to my surprise another voice answered him.  Someone else was in the theater.  It wasn’t Ming, the voice was male.  For a moment I felt a rush of relief.  It must be a security guard, or some other museum employee.  Help had arrived.  I was about to open the door and crawl out when the voice spoke to Micah again.  The tone was wrong.  There was no challenge, no demand to know what Micah was doing there.  Instead, I got the impression that they knew each other.
I held my breath, trying to pick out words, but they were speaking very low, almost whispering.  All I could tell is that they were speaking English, not Yiddish or Hebrew.  That most likely ruled out the young Gostynin men we had pushed past on the ramp.  They would have spoken Hebrew, especially to Micah.
The voice spoke again, causing a furious response from Micah.  I was certain he was going to continue his hunt for me, but to my surprise I heard his steps moving away.  One of the theater doors opened and closed, then silence.  I hesitated, sure it was some sort of trap, but I couldn’t just hide under the stage while Ming was out there, injured.  I opened the door as quietly as I could and crept out, crouching low just in case Micah was still there, ready to take my head off with his cane.  
But nothing happened.  The theater was completely still.  I felt my way along the stage and back to the spot where Ming had propped herself against the wall.  I knew she wasn’t there, but I felt my way up and down the stairs anyway, wondering if she had lost consciousness.  Maybe the darkness had been enough to hide her from Micah and the other man.  
I started to search in between the rows of seats, but quickly realized this was futile.  I needed help.  I stood up and felt along the wall, hoping to come across the fire alarm Ming had mentioned.  Suddenly I froze.  There was a familiar smell in the air which hadn’t been there before.  It was the scent of Axe cologne.  
Brandon Lowell had been in the theater.


Chapter Twelve


Urine.  That was the predominant smell in the police station of the 24th precinct.  Urine with overtones of disinfectant, cigarette smoke, and takeout Chinese food.  I wrinkled my nose and tried to ignore the ramblings of a drunk in one of the holding cells who was intent on getting me to look at him.  Detective Barton was on the phone, coordinating the search for Ming.  As far as I could tell they were making every effort.  The Rose Center and Museum of Natural History had been thoroughly searched, as had the Lowell’s apartment.  Phillipa was still at the apartment, which had me frantic with worry, until Detective Barton assured me that several police officers were there with her.
Brandon Lowell was nowhere to be found.
Detective Barton had been politely skeptical when I insisted that Brandon Lowell had something to do with Ming’s disappearance.  Apparently Axe cologne wasn’t a high-quality clue, at least not according to the New York City police department.
“But he wears it all the time,” I said as soon as I heard Detective Barton put the phone down.  “He slathers it on, as if he thinks it’s some kind of aphrodisiac.  It’s impossible to miss.”
Detective Barton sighed.  “Other people wear that cologne.  It’s not enough to arrest him, especially since we don’t know for sure what happened to your friend.  It’s possible she left the scene on her own.”
I clenched my hands in frustration.  “With a badly broken ankle?  And she wouldn’t have just left me there to face down Micah Levy by myself.”
“I admit, the situation is suspicious,” said the detective, “especially since only yesterday you and your friend escaped from the scene of a fire, at which Mr. Lowell was also present.  Believe me, we’ve got considerable resources out looking for both of them.”
“Well,” said a voice behind me, “when you find Mr. Lowell let me know, so as I can strangle him with my bare hands.”
“Phil!”  I jumped up and hugged her.  “Thank goodness you’re safe.”
“Of course I’m safe.  It would take a lot more than a weaselly post-adolescent like Brandon Lowell to do me in.  And I was keeping a sharp eye on him.  Though not sharp enough, I admit.  I’m still baffled as to how he managed to sneak out of the apartment without me seeing him.  I blame the Eggs Benedict.  They were so good I kind of lost focus for a while.”  A chair squeaked as she pulled it up to Detective Barton’s desk.  “But that’s water under the bridge.  The issue at hand is how to find Ming.”
“I’m well aware of that,” said Detective Barton a trifle defensively.  “We’re working on it.  I . . . yes, officer?”
“This was left at the front desk,” said a male voice.  “The desk officer thinks a bike messenger dropped it off, but he’s not sure.  There was a bit of a commotion at the time.  Two hookers were going at it tooth and nail.  Apparently one of them had stolen the other’s wig.  A Raquel Welch original.  Those things aren’t cheap.  My aunt in Hoboken has one.  Real human hair, they use . . . “
“Thank you, officer,” snapped Detective Barton.
I heard the rustle of paper and the detective read aloud:
“Dr. Adelman, you’ll get her back when we have the deed.”
“That’s all it says,” said the detective.  “Ink jet printer, it looks like, on plain copier paper.  Well, now we know for sure that this is a kidnapping.  What deed is it referring to?”
“22 Phillips Street,” interjected Phillipa, before I could say anything.  
Apparently she’d decide to come clean to the police, which was a bit of a surprise, since only yesterday she’d been not so jokingly calling them pigs.  
“In Boston,” continued Phillipa.  “It’s the deed to a piece of property on Beacon Hill.  There’s an apartment building on it now, which is being converted to condos by the Lowell family.”
Detective Baron tapped her pen on her desk.  “I don’t understand.  If the Lowell family owns this apartment building don’t they already have a deed to the property?”
“That’s the crux of the problem,” said Phillipa.  “The ownership of the property is in dispute.  Not so much the apartment building as the land under it.  It’s kind of involved, but basically there’s a state senator in Boston who is claiming ownership of the property.  Based on this.”
I heard the distinctive crackle of old parchment.  “You brought it?” I asked.
“Yeah,” said Phillipa.  “No point in trying to hide it anymore.  Not if it’ll help get Ming back.”  She cleared her throat.  “I should mention, detective, that this is technically stolen property.  We took it from the Center for Jewish History right before the fire.  The theft was entirely my idea.”
I snorted.  “Phil, stop being such a martyr.  It makes you look ridiculous.”
Phillipa ignored me.  “This is what they want.  We can trade it for Ming.”
“Maybe,” said Detective Barton.  “These things are rarely that simple.  Hey, wait a minute.  What is this?  Jewish script?”
“Hebrew,” I corrected her.  “The script is Hebrew, but the language is actually Yiddish.”  
“Oh, right.  Hebrew.  Yeah, I’ve seen it before.  On signs outside of synagogues.  Reminds me a bit of Thai script.  Something about the shape of the letters.  What does it say?”
“Do you want a detailed translation?  I’m not sure I remember it word for word.”
“Just give me the gist.”
“It says that the property at 22 Phillips Street in Boston was sold by a member of the Gostynin Shul, Aaron Levy, to a man named Matthew Wilbraham in 1930.”
“There’s that Gostynin name again,” said Detective Barton.  “What’s a shul?”
“It’s another word for temple or synagogue.”
“Aaron Levy.  Is he related to this Micah Levy who made such a mess at the Rose Center?”
“He’s Micah’s father.  Or was.  He’s dead.  Matthew Wilbraham was an African-American who is related to the state senator Phillipa mentioned.  The one who’s suing the Lowell’s over this 22 Phillips Street property.”
I heard a familiar clicking sound.  The detective was tapping her long nails on her desk.  It was oddly reassuring.  It reminded me of my grandmother and her habit of tapping a spoon against her coffee cup.  
“There’s something off about this whole business,” she finally said.  “Property deeds are public record.  There must be copies of this in some government office in Boston.  So I don’t see why having the original is so important.  Also, as far as I know, deeds are always written in the official language of a given place and time.  Which for 1930’s Boston would be English, not Yiddish.  I don’t see how this thing can even be legal.”
“Who cares whether it’s legal or not?” asked Phillipa in frustration.  “The only thing that matter is that whoever took Ming wants it.  We need to give it to them.”
“And how do you propose we do that?” asked Detective Barton.  “They haven’t given us any instructions as to where or when to exchange your friend for this deed.”
Phillipa was silent.  I reached out and patted her arm.  Coming to New York to steal the property deed had been her idea, so I knew she was blaming herself for Ming’s disappearance.  I tried to think like a kidnapper.  How would they contact us?  It depended on who actually had Ming – Brandon, or Micah and his buddies in the Brooklyn Gostynin group.  I had been so positive it was Brandon, but the wording of the note made me wonder.  It was addressed to Dr. Adelman, something that Brandon never called me.  My thoughts were interrupted by a ringing phone.
“It’s not mine,” said Detective Barton.
“It’s my cell phone,” said Phillipa in surprise, unzipping her purse.  “Hello?”
I heard her gasp, but she didn’t say anything else in response to the caller.  Finally she clicked her phone shut.  
“The entrance gate to Greenwood Cemetery,” she said.  “At nine o’clock this evening.”
“Greenwood?” said Detective Barton.  “That’s right next to Borough Park in Brooklyn, where these Gostynin people live.  Well, it seems they’re the ones who took your friend, not Brandon Lowell.”
“Isn’t that a little too convenient?” I asked.  “Setting the meeting place so near their own neighborhood?  Someone could be trying to frame them.”
“Maybe,” said the detective, “but these Orthodox types are notorious for sticking close to their own neighborhoods.  They rarely go more than a few blocks from their homes.  My guess is that they chose a place they were familiar with because it makes them feel safe.  And Greenwood is not a bad choice.  It’s huge, with lots of trees, undergrowth, and various crypts and mausoleums.  Lots of places to hide, plus knowing the landscape gives them an advantage.  What did the voice sound like?”
“It was a man’s voice, with a heavy Yiddish accent,” said Phillipa.  
“Did he say anything else?”
“No, just Greenwood Cemetery.  Nine o’clock.”
The detective started clicking her nails on the desk again.  “I’m trying to decide how much police presence to throw at this.  Too many cops might actually make the situation more dangerous for your friend.  It’ll make the kidnappers feel like they’re under siege.  This isn’t the type of thing to bring a SWAT team into.  I’m not forgetting that they kidnapped your friend, or that one of their group threw a brick at a woman, but in general these Hasidic types aren’t violent.  Domestic violence, maybe.  I’m sure they have the same percentage of wife-beaters that the rest of the population does, but they don’t usually own guns.  It’s highly unlikely that they’ll haul out automatics and start blasting away.”
“Whatever you think best,” said Phillipa.  “But regardless of how many cops you send, me and Joanna are coming too.”
I expected the detective to immediately nix that idea, but to my surprise she agreed.
“Yes, I want you both there.  We want to keep this a negotiation, and prevent it from becoming a standoff.  The quicker we can make the process, the safer your friend will be.  Hand over the deed, collect your friend, and get out of there.  I’ll post an officer somewhere with night goggles.  He can get a good look at their faces and we’ll round them up later.  That shouldn’t be difficult.  I doubt they’ll leave Borough Park even if they think the police are after them.  The homing instinct in that culture is just too strong.”


*	*	*	*


I sat shivering in the back of a police car.  According to Phillipa we were parked right in front of the entrance to Greenwood cemetery.  I was trying to understand Detective Barton’s strategy, but found it confusing.  She wasn’t hiding her officers.  She had them right out in the open.  But they weren’t going to do the negotiating.  Phillipa was.  She was standing in front of the entrance gate, which she’d described to me as a kind of gothic structure with pointed arches and spires, like the top half of a cathedral.  When the kidnappers appeared, she was to insist on seeing Ming.  When Ming was produced she was to hand over the deed, an officer would get Ming safely into a police car, and then we would leave.  The police weren’t going to draw their guns unless they had to, and they weren’t going to make any arrests or attempt to follow the kidnappers, which seemed reckless and unsatisfying to me. Detective Barton had assured me they would have no trouble rounding up suspects later.  I hoped she was right.
I rolled down the window and listened.  I could hear frogs croaking in a pond somewhere in the depths of the cemetery.  Harmonizing with the frogs were the usual night noises – distant car traffic, nearby crickets.  Nothing out of the ordinary.  I heard Phillipa cough nervously from her post in front of the gate, but everyone else was completely still.  
“We are here.  We have not the weapons.”
I jumped.  I hadn’t heard any footsteps.  The voice seemed to come out of nowhere.  I recognized it.  Heavy and guttural, with a strong Yiddish accent.  It was Growl.
Phillipa cleared her throat.  “I have the deed,” she said, her voice quavering slightly.  “Let me see Ming.”
There was a stirring of footsteps and murmurs from several male voices.  
“Okay,” said Phillipa.  “Put her down and move away, then I’ll put the deed on the ground.”
Growl said something I couldn’t catch, then I heard one of the officers step forward.  He said something to Phillipa, then he walked over to the other police car.  I heard its door slam shut and the car drove off.  
The front door of the car I was sitting in opened.
“We’ve got her,” said Phillipa, relief throbbing in her voice.  
“Very smoothly done,” said Detective Barton, getting in and starting the car.  “The officers will take her to Lutheran Medical Center.  It’s nearby.”
I rolled up my window and leaned back in the seat, trying to fight off a feeling of unease.  “Why did they come out into the open so easily?  They had to know that the police would be here.”
“Oh, they knew,” said Detective Barton.  “They’re an insular group, but they’re not naïve.  But you’re right.  They didn’t act like normal criminals would.  I didn’t expect them to.  My guess is that they didn’t consider their actions criminal at all.  I’d bet that this Yiddish deed means something to them, above and beyond just legal rights to a piece of property.  Some sort of cultural or religious value, probably.  So in their minds they weren’t committing a crime by taking your friend, they were just defending their community.”
“I suppose,” I said doubtfully.  I knew there wasn’t any cultural or religious aspect to the deed.  Despite the tendency of religious groups to assign superstitious value to ordinary objects, I didn’t think that was the case here.  These men weren’t reacting to the deed the same way they did to the rather silly verses scribbled on the mezuzah scroll in the vaults of the Met.  My guess was that they had a much more practical motive.  The deed was proof that Aaron Levy had done business with Matthew Wilbraham, an African-American.  Racism in an insular Orthodox Jewish group back in 1930’s Boston would have been extreme, especially against blacks.  And the fact that it was not just any property, but the group’s shul building which Aaron Levy had sold to a black person, that was probably something the remnants of the Gostynin group wanted to hush up even today.
There was also the trial, I thought, as Detective Barton answered the police radio which had been crackling away.  Aaron Levy had been tried, if not convicted, for the manslaughter of Matthew Wilbraham.  Micah Levy was intent on keeping this nasty piece of his father’s history out of the public eye.  Considering his family’s founding role in the group, it was very likely that the Gostynins had agreed to help him preserve the family’s honor.
“And there’s also the law enforcement issue,” continued Detective Barton as she hung up the radio and merged the car onto a busy highway.  A fire engine went screaming by, its siren at full blast.  “A lot of these Hasidic groups don’t recognize the authority of the NYPD.  It happens over and over again.  When we send officers to respond to a break-in, or some other incident in one of their neighborhoods, they tell us that they don’t need or want us there.  That they have their own laws, and their own means of maintaining order.  Which, if you ask me, is extremely dangerous.  If every little group in the city insisted on following their own laws it would be civic chaos.  We’re supposed to enforce the laws of the city and of New York state equally in regard to all citizens, but we can’t do that if certain groups claim they have a right to opt out and form they’re own rule of law.”
"It sounds like Sharia law," said Phillipa.  "A few groups of Orthodox Muslims in Britain are trying to institute their version of Islamic Sharia law in their communities, and are claiming English law has no authority over them."
"Yes," said Detective Barton.  "It's kind of similar.  We have that Sharia problem crop up now and again among Muslim groups here in New York, but it's not that common.  The Muslim communities here are too new and they're a very tiny percent of the total population.  No, it's the Orthodox Jewish groups which are the bigger problem in this area, especially in places like Borough Park or those towns upstate like Kiryas Yoel.  They take it to such an extreme that they seem to be trying to secede from the rest of the country."
The car slowed and bounced over a speed bump.  I heard the tinny sound of a PA system.  It was paging a doctor to the ICU.
"Here's the hospital," said Detective Barton.  "The emergency room is just past those sliding glass doors.  A call has come in on the radio that I need to respond to, so I'm just going to drop you off.  The officers in the other car will help you with the hospital paperwork, and they'll get a statement from your friend.  She'll probably have to stay overnight.  If you'll take my advice, get a room at a B&B here in Brooklyn.  There are some nice ones in Park Slope.  It'll be cheaper than going back to Manhattan."
“What about Brandon Lowell?” Phillipa asked as we got out of the car.  “Any news on where he is?”
“Nope,” said Detective Barton.  “We’re still looking.  I’ve asked the Boston police to keep an eye out for him too.  Don’t worry, we’ll find him.”
“Don’t worry,” grumbled Phillipa as the hospital’s sliding doors whooshed open to admit us.  “I get the distinct impression that they’re not taking the idea of Brandon’s involvement seriously.  I guess it’s just easier to blame these Hasidic guys.  They don’t have the Lowell family’s money or power.  If we’re not careful Brandon will weasel his way out of this.  With his money he could easily hop a plane and live overseas for a few years to avoid any inconvenient charges of kidnapping.”
“I doubt he’d do that,” I said.  “There’s no real reason for him to take such an extreme step as leaving the country.  Like you said, everyone is focused on the Gostynins.  Detective Barton didn’t think much of my Axe cologne theory, and that’s really all the evidence we have that Brandon is involved.  No, instead of going abroad it’s more likely that he’ll run back to his mother in Boston.  He’s not stupid.  He knows that Catherine Lowell has certain members of the Boston police department wrapped around her little finger.  If he has to deal with the police it’ll be easier for him in Boston than here in New York.”
“I suppose,” said Phillipa.  “Here’s the waiting room.  Have a seat.  I’ll check with the front desk and find out where they’ve taken Ming.”



I’d never heard Phillipa scream before.
The sound echoed around the emergency room, causing a sudden shockwave of quiet among the doctors and patients in other cubicles.  Phil slumped against me.  I struggled unsuccessfully to hold her up and we both collapsed in a tangled heap. 
“I’ll take her out to the waiting room,” said one of the officers whose voice I recognized from the cemetery.  He lifted Phillipa off me and helped me to my feet.  I grasped the metal rail at the foot of Ming’s bed for support.
I waited with the other officer, both of us uncertain what was wrong.  Finally, I broke the silence.  “Is Ming badly injured?” I asked, not really wanting to know the answer.
“No, not at all,” said the nurse who had led us through the warren of hallways and curtained beds in the emergency room.  She had a warm, reassuring voice with a trace of a Hispanic accent.  “We can find nothing wrong with her.  She is unconscious, but the doctor thinks that may be due to tranquilizers.  We are running tests for drugs.”
I shook my head.  “Nothing wrong?  What about her ankle?  A broken ankle isn’t nothing.”
“I don’t know what you mean,” said the nurse.  “There is nothing wrong with either of her ankles.  Or with any of her bones.  We checked her over thoroughly.”
I just stood there with my mouth open.  How could Ming possibly have been mistaken about such a thing?  She’d said she could feel the bone sticking out . . . Oh, no.  I felt my way along Ming’s bed until I found her hand.  She always had calluses on the palm of her right hand from fencing.
They weren’t there.  The palm was smooth.  I felt along her forearm.  The hard, wiry muscles from hours of practice with a rapier were missing.  I wanted to sob with frustration and disappointment.
“This isn’t Ming,” I said.


Chapter Thirteen


Three days.  Three days of waiting and worrying, with no news of Ming.  Detective Barton had sent us home to Boston, with assurances that they were doing everything possible to find her.  Phil had wanted to stay in New York, to be on the spot in case something happened, but I convinced her to come home with me.  I had formulated a plan.  Not a very good plan, maybe, but it was the only thing I could come up with.  
“Rose,” said Rabbi Kamenetsky, “these octopus balls are manna from heaven.”
“You’re too kind, Rabbi,” responded my grandmother as she poured green tea for everyone.  “Takoyaki, they’re called in Japanese.  I added a special touch this time, a new ingredient in the batter.  I’m afraid I can’t tell you what it is.  My little secret.”
I pushed my half-eaten takoyaki away.  The Rabbi was being too kind.  The secret ingredient was jalapeno peppers, and the mix of peppers and octopus was creating a mini-tempest in my lower intestine.  I tried to ignore my rebelling stomach.  Delilah was nosing along the floor at my feet, hoping for a dropped takoyaki, but there was no way I was giving her one.  The toxic consequences were too horrific to imagine.
“So, Rabbi,” I said, taking a swig of tea to clear out the jalapeno, “do you think Micah will contact you?”
“I hope so.  I phoned everyone I could think of in the Borough Park area.  I left the same message for everyone – please ask Micah Levy to call me.”
“How did you know who to call?” asked Phillipa.  “Joanna told me you’d lost touch with the Gostynins.”
“Yes, that is true,” said the Rabbi, “I haven’t spoken to anyone in that group for many years.  But after Dr. Adelman called me I searched through my mother’s things.  I have several boxes in my attic.  Her clothes, jewelry, little keepsakes.  Also her appointment books.  She was a very sociable person, and she kept detailed notes on everyone she knew – names, addresses, likes and dislikes, birthdays, and phone numbers.  Of course, most of her generation are dead, but I managed to find the names of children or grandchildren of about a dozen Gostynins who had left Boston for New York.”
“So now we wait,” said Roger Davenport.
Roger had returned from his trip to Washington DC to find the Archives in an uproar.  Phillipa and I hadn’t bothered to call Catherine Lowell from New York to let her know that we would be out of the office.  Catherine had jumped on this minor offense as an excuse to fire both of us.  In response, several other staff members and most of the docents had threatened to quit if she carried out her threat.  I’d been surprised and touched to learn that the revolt had been led by Pam Whitman, the new docent who resembled Catherine Lowell so closely in looks but not in personality.
I'd been too fixated on finding Ming to care much about events at the Archives, but Pam Whitman had sent me a gracious note on lilac-scented stationary telling me not to worry about my job, that she and several other well-connected docents were looking after it.  I suspected that Catherine Lowell now regretted hiring docents from the ladies-who-lunch class, women as high up the Boston social ladder as she was.  Despite, or perhaps because of, being unpaid volunteers, these ladies were less easy for Catherine to push around than staff members like myself who relied on our salaries.
“Yes, now we wait,” said Rabbi Kamenetsky.  “Always a trial to the patience.”
Roger set his teacup into its saucer with a frustrated clunk.  “I could bear the waiting if we knew that Ming was alive and unharmed, but we don’t even know that much.  I blame myself.  I should have stood up to Catherine when she wanted to ship those damn Zielinski documents to New York.  If I had none of this would have happened.”
“Don’t be ridiculous,” snapped Phillipa.  “None of this is your fault.  If anything, it’s my fault for convincing Ming to go with us to New York.”
“But . . .” said Roger.
“Stop.  Just stop,” I said.  “I know you both feel guilty.  I do too.  But it’s not helping.  We need to focus on flushing Micah out into the open.”
“What about Brandon?” asked Phillipa.  “I still think he’s the one who has Ming.”
“You’re probably right, but Micah will be easier to find.  He doesn’t have Brandon’s resources, plus there’s that temper of his.  My guess is he’s already followed us back to Boston, still intent on bashing my head in.”
“I can’t believe no one managed to collar him at the Rose Center,” said Phillipa.  “According to you he was making a tremendous noise, smashing all those panels.  Surely the security guards could have grabbed him.  With that limp of his he couldn’t have outrun them.”
“I think Brandon helped him get away,” I said, rubbing Delilah’s head.  She had given up on sniffing for food and was sitting on my feet, her nose in my lap.  She’d been glued to my side ever since I’d returned from New York.  “There seems to be some kind of agreement between Brandon and Micah.  They were talking to each other in that theater at the Rose Center.  I couldn’t hear what they were saying, but they definitely weren’t surprised to find each other there.”
“Maybe we should go and keep watch outside Micah’s apartment,” said Roger.  “I hate sitting here not doing anything.  It’s maddening.”
“The police are already doing that, honey,” said my grandmother.  “A stakeout, I believe they call it.  Here, have another cup of tea.  It’s a special blend I got from the tea shop at Ebisuya market.  It’s supposed to calm your nerves, and we could all use that.”
“I don’t suppose that other lady can help?” asked Roger.  “The one they substituted for Ming.  Maybe she saw who drugged her.”
I shook my head.  “I’ve already called Detective Barton about that.  The woman regained consciousness yesterday, but she doesn’t remember anything about the last three days.  The last thing she remembers is eating lunch at a café in Brooklyn Heights.  She doesn’t seem to have any connection at all to the Lowells or to the Gostynin group.  The police think she was picked at random.  She’s tall for an Asian woman, and roughly the right age.  They knew it would be dark when they exchanged her for the property deed, so all they needed was someone who superficially resembled Ming.  She’s a complete dead-end.”
“I’ll check my messages again,” said Rabbi Kamenetsky, opening his cell phone with a click.  “Hmm.  I have two text messages from people I called in Borough Park.  I’m surprised such traditional people know how to text, but I suppose it’s the influence of the younger generation.  Both messages say they haven’t had any contact with Micah Levy.”  His cell phone beeped as he scrolled through his messages.  “Here’s something odd,” he said.  “It’s from Mrs. Katz at our temple.  She does volunteer work for us, answering the phones, collecting the mail.  She says:  ‘Have you heard about the disinterment at Granary Burying ground?’  How strange.  That’s the entire message.  I have no idea what she’s referring to.”
“I’ve finally figured out how to use the internet function on my iPhone,” said Roger.  “I’ll google it.”
I only half listened to him, not seeing how the Granary Burying ground, an old cemetery near Boston Common, could have anything to do with finding Ming, which was the only thing that interested me.  I was thinking about calling Detective Barton again for the fourth time that day, to see if she had any news, when Roger let out an excited gasp.
“Listen to this!” he said.  “It might just bring Micah Levy out from wherever he’s hiding.  The Boston Globe has a piece about the disinterment on their website.  It says that State Senator Cyrus Jackson has obtained permission from the city to dig up the remains of his relative, a Matthew Wilbraham.  Interments were halted in the Granary Burying ground in 1880, but Cyrus Jackson claims he has proof that Matthew Wilbraham was buried there illegally in 1930.  Mr. Jackson has accused certain members of Boston’s Jewish community, specifically the Levy family, of killing his relative and hiding his remains in the old Granary cemetery.”
Roger drew a long, shocked breath.  “Whoa,” he said.  “Mr. Jackson also claims that Caleb T. Lowell, former head of Boston’s eminent Lowell family, collaborated in the killing and allowed the body of Mr. Wilbraham to be hidden in the Lowell family crypt.”
“Good Lord,” said Phillipa.  “Cyrus certainly is stirring things up, though I’m inclined to take a skeptical view of this proof he claims to have.  Cyrus isn’t above making things up out of whole cloth when it suits his interests.”
“Who cares?” I said.  “Roger’s right.  This will drive Micah Levy absolutely crazy.  He’s not going to stop to think about the consequences, he’s just going to be livid that his family’s reputation is being smeared in public.  He’ll head straight for the crypt.”


*	*	*	*


We heard the screaming from a block away.  It echoed off the buildings surrounding the Granary Burying ground like the cries of the damned.  Roger, Phillipa and I hurried along Tremont Street toward the sound.  
The Granary Burying ground had been used as a cemetery since 1667.  It was once part of Boston Common and over the centuries the city had grown up around it.  Park Street Church was on its south side.  From the west and north nondescript office buildings had gradually encroached on it, enclosing it in a defensive semi-circle.  With its scrubby trees, broken headstones, and patchy grass, it wasn’t the fanciest place to spend eternity.  But underneath its shrinking perimeter, worn down by countless tourist feet, was a piece of the city’s exposed soul.  The bones of Samuel Adams and Paul Revere rested in opposite corners, the former front and center on the tourist trail, the latter tucked alongside the stout brickwork of Park Street Church, where echoes of William Lloyd Garrison's anti-slavery speeches still echoed.
Micah Levy was exposing his soul to everyone within a two-block radius, screaming Yiddish curses at the top of his lungs.
“The old fool,” said Phillipa as we hurried up the steps to the burial ground.  “He’d better not fall off and break his neck before we have a chance to talk to him.”
“Fall off?” I said, clutching Phillipa’s arm as I stumbled along the uneven path through the gravestones.   
“He’s climbed on top of one of the tombs,” said Phillipa.  “One of those stone-box types, about six feet high.  Probably the Lowell crypt.  He’s attracted quite an audience, but I don’t see any cops anywhere.”
“There’s a uniformed officer on the other side of the tomb,” said Roger.  “See?  He just ducked down again.  I don’t blame him.  Micah is swinging that cane of his around like a weed-whacker.”
I could hear gasps and shouts coming from the crowd which had gathered around the tomb.  Several people were calling out directions to the uniformed officer, but from the sound of it they were keeping well back, out of the way of Micah’s rage.
“Come on,” I said, pulling Phillipa in the direction of Micah’s screams.  
“What are you doing woman?” asked Phillipa, holding me back.
“I’m going to confront him.”
“Are you insane?” asked Phillipa.  “If you think he sounds like a mad bull now, wait until he catches sight of you.  You wait here.  Roger and I will go try to help the officer.”
“No,” I said.  “I want to surprise Micah.  He’s so off his head already, I bet if he sees me he’ll go completely over the edge.  He’ll say anything.  We might get him to say something about Ming.”
“I don’t know . . .” said Phillipa as I doggedly pulled her along.  “Your grandmother is going to kill me if I let anything happen to you.”
“Nothing’s going to happen to me.  Just put me where Micah can see me, and keep me out of cane-swinging range.”
“Teivel!  Teivel!” Micah suddenly yelled.
He had seen me.  Teivel was the Yiddish word for devil.
“Where is Ming?” I yelled as loudly as I could.  
Micah let out a guttural snarl and launched into a furious repetition of the word teivel that seemed as if it would never stop.
“Ming,” I yelled at him again.  “Where is Ming?”
He fell silent.  The only sound was his ragged breathing.  "Sheol,” he suddenly hissed.
My legs buckled.  Sheol meant ‘in the grave’.  I sank to my knees, a sharp piece of slate digging into my kneecap.  I barely felt it.  
“He’s trying to climb down,” said Roger.  “Quick, now’s our chance.”
I heard a scuffle and a screech of swear words from Micah.  The crowd around the tomb gave an anxious murmur and backed away, gravel and dead leaves crunching under their feet.  Phillipa yelled something inaudible and Roger let out a loud grunt, as if someone had punched him in the stomach.  I pulled myself to my feet, afraid Roger was hurt but not sure which direction to turn.  I stumbled forward and nearly tripped over a gravestone, its roughly carved edge cutting into my shins.  
Phillipa ran up to me and put something in my hand.  It was a cell phone.  "Micah hit Roger and the police officer with his cane,” she said, breathing hard.  “Roger seems okay.  I think he just got the wind knocked out of him.  But the officer is unconscious and bleeding from a gash on his head.  Call 911.  I’ll try to stop the bleeding.  Do you have anything clean?  A handkerchief?”
I scrabbled in my purse and handed her a small packet of Kleenex.  Phillipa rushed off and I called for an ambulance.  After hanging up I felt my way slowly through the gravestones.  My outstretched hand met the rough stone wall of a tomb.  I circled the perimeter of the large rectangular crypt, my hand tracing the wall.  Someone was retching nearby.  “Roger?”
“Over here Joanna,” said a voice in a strangled whisper.
I stumbled toward the voice and knelt down.  
“It’s true, you know,” said Roger, his shoulder shaking under my hand.
“What’s true?” I asked.
“Those scenes in movies, where some guy gets punched in the stomach and promptly vomits all over his shoes.  I’ve always had doubts about the whole vomiting thing, but it turns out it’s true.”
“I called an ambulance for the police officer.  Phillipa is with him.  He’s unconscious.  Maybe you should go to the hospital too.”
“No, no,” said Roger, struggling to his feet.  “I’ll be okay.  A little bruised, but nothing worse than that.  I managed to duck all the blows Micah was aiming at my head, but he suddenly switched tactics and jabbed me in the stomach.  For an old guy with a limp he’s surprisingly quick with his hands.”
“He used to be a boxer, or a wrestler,” I said.  “Something like that.  My grandmother mentioned it.  She said when he was younger no one would fight him because he was freakishly strong.”
“Where is he, by the way?” asked Roger.  “I don’t see him anywhere.  The way he was screaming and carrying on I figured he was enacting his own version of Custer’s last stand on top of the Lowell tomb.  I’m surprised he isn’t still here fighting to the death for his family’s honor.”
“I don’t know,” I said.  “I haven’t heard him screaming for a while now.  Maybe someone subdued him?”
“I don’t think so,” said Roger.  “The only people who went anywhere near him were Phillipa, myself, and the officer.  Everyone else was doing the smart thing and staying well clear.  Wait here.  I’m just going to take a quick look around.  See if I can spot him.”
He returned a few minutes later.  
“I talked to a woman who was watching the whole altercation from the sidewalk outside the burial ground.  She said that after Micah knocked out the policeman he left the cemetery and got into a car.  A fancy car, is how she described it.  A Cadillac, or something similar, with tinted windows.  Micah got into the back seat and the car took off.”
“Someone picked him up?” asked Phillipa as she joined us.  
“Yes,” said Roger.  “It looks like the car was waiting for him.”
“What do you want to bet it was one of the Lowells?” said Phillipa.
“That seems unlikely, doesn’t it?” said Roger.  “Catherine Lowell and Micah don’t exactly get along.”
“Not Catherine,” said Phillipa. “Brandon.  Joanna was at that theater in New York when Ming disappeared, remember.  She heard Micah talking to someone, and she smelled Brandon Lowell’s cologne in the theater afterward.  It looks like Brandon and Micah have teamed up for some reason.  I think we should apply a little pressure to the Lowells, and I’ve got just the thing.  It’s something I’ve kept quiet about for years.  I knew it would come in handy one day.”


Chapter Fourteen


The assistant director of the Peabody Museum in Salem was a pipe smoker.  The smell in his office reminded me of the cloying incense used in Greek Orthodox services to get the congregation into a receptive mood.  It seemed to suck up all the oxygen in the air.  I shook my head, trying to fight off the sudden urge to either take a nap or prostrate myself before an icon of the Virgin Mary.  
I still wasn't sure what we were doing in Salem.  Phillipa had sat silently beside me on the thirty minute train ride up from Boston, staring distractedly out the window.  When I’d asked her what was going on she said she had a plan, but needed some peace and quiet to work out the details.  All she would say was that it might help get Ming back.  I had left it at that, too worried to insist on an explanation.  I was busy trying to keep the word Sheol out of my head.  It kept skittering across my thoughts like a rat the exterminator had missed.  When we arrived in Salem Phillipa had flagged down a cab and directed it to the Peabody, a small art museum which had a few masterpieces by the likes of Monet and Cezanne combined with a large collection of local New England handicrafts.



"I assure you," the assistant director said, sighing impatiently, "my arrangement with Mrs. Lowell still stands.  She is free to keep the painting for as long as she wants."
"And your boss is okay with that?" asked Phillipa.  "What about the museum's board of directors?  Are they aware of this arrangement?"
"My dear, everyone who needs to know is aware of the arrangement.  What I don't understand is why you and your friend here need to know about it.  If I may be blunt, it is none of your business."
Phillipa snorted, like a bull about to charge.  I laid a hand on her arm, but she shook it off.
"It is my business," she said.  "I am a public employee.  My admittedly unimpressive salary is paid by the city of Boston and the Archives is a public building.  Owned by the city.  If there is a stolen work of art on public property I feel it is my duty to report it."
The assistant director gave an even deeper sigh.  "My dear woman, it is not stolen.  I myself, with my own two hands, took the painting down from the wall in our gallery of European art and handed it personally to Mrs. Lowell.  You can ask her son.  He was there.  As was her husband, though I understand he has passed.  May he rest in peace."
"And your boss has no problem with this?" asked Phillipa.  "You remove an original Renoir worth millions of dollars from the museum, hand it over to a private citizen to use in decorating her office, and no one has a problem with this?"
The assistant director sighed again, even more deeply.  He seemed to have an endless repertoire of sighs.
"There is no reason for me to tell you this," he said.  "I am under no obligation.  But if it will remove you from my office, well then I will.  The Renoir is not an original.  It is not a Renoir at all.  It is a fake.  A very good fake, to be sure.  But a fake nevertheless.  It was made in Renoir's lifetime, using the same materials available to him at the time, which is one reason why the painting was thought to be genuine by this museum, and why we purchased it at auction.  But we learned after we purchased it that the painting was actually a work by another artist.  Yves Ardant, from Lyon.  Letters from Mr. Ardant's wife to her sister came to light.  These letters described in great detail how her husband carefully crafted this painting to resemble the master's work, and then how he signed Renoir's name to it.  We were very surprised to learn it was a fake, as it closely resembled another Renoir, 'Girls at the Piano', which Renoir painted in 1892 and which hangs in the Musée d'Orsay in Paris.  Our painting resembled 'Girls at the Piano' in every detail – the feathery brushstrokes, the green curtain in the background.  Everything.  We thought that it was another study Renoir had done of the same subject.  The impressionists were well-known for painting the same scene over and over again.  Look at all those haystacks of Monet.  It just goes to show that a good forger can fool the most experienced eye."
The assistant director's chair squeaked as he threw himself back with another exhalation from his repertoire.  "So, you can see why we here at the Peabody are not in the least concerned that Catherine Lowell still has possession of this painting.  It is worthless.  Well, not quite worthless.  Mr. Ardant was not a bad painter in his own right.  If I had to estimate, I would say that the painting hanging in Mrs. Lowell's office is worth roughly ten thousand dollars.  Give or take a few thousand, depending on the current market for middle of the road impressionists."
"Did you tell Catherine Lowell that the painting was a fake?" asked Phillipa.
"No," said the assistant director.  "We didn’t feel it was necessary."
"In other words," I said "You didn’t want it made public that the museum had made an embarrassing mistake.  An expensive mistake, too.  Were tax dollars used to purchase the painting?"
"No public money was wasted," said the assistant director with a sniff, "if that's what you public employees are so concerned about.  The Peabody has a large and very generous group of wealthy donors.  It was a private donation which allowed us to purchase the painting."
"Does this private donor know it's a fake?" asked Phillipa.
"Actually, yes.  He was the one who first heard of Mr. Ardant and his wife's letters.  The donor brought the matter to my attention and we decided between ourselves to keep the matter quiet.  A gentlemen's agreement, so to speak."
I heard Phillipa tapping a finger on the arm of her chair.  She was mulling something over.  I waited patiently and the assistant director waited impatiently, swiveling his chair back and forth with a metallic screech which begged for some WD-40.
"I want this gentleman's name and address," Phillipa finally said.
I expected the assistant director to refuse, but with one last immense sigh he tore off a piece of paper from a pad on his desk and scribbled something on it.
"Here," he said.  "I'd be more inclined to shield him from you if he'd donated anything to us recently, but he hasn't so you are now his problem, not mine."



The address the assistant director of the Peabody had given us was within walking distance of the museum.  We headed down Essex Street, Salem's main tourist drag.  A hundred and fifty years ago it had been lined with the mansions of ship captains, wealthy from trade with China and vying for a spot on the town's social ladder.  Today it was a pedestrian mall given over to stalls endlessly milking the public's fascination with the Salem witch trials.  The irrational fears of seventeenth-century Puritan New England had spawned a local industry which mixed ironic kitsch with superstition that was still alive and kicking.
"These psychic astrologers or astrological psychics seem to get more numerous every year," said Phillipa.  "Now I ask you, what does the 'influence of Saturn sweeping across the astral plane of Jupiter’ have to do with nineteen unfortunates who were hanged three-hundred years ago?"
I shrugged, pulling my wool scarf tighter and tucking the ends into my overcoat.  Winter had decided to have one last icy fling before March turned into April.  "They both play into people's love of superstitious nonsense, I guess.  If it promises magical powers which will make your life wonderful without any hard work a certain segment of the population will eat it up."
Phillipa snorted.  "Well, if you ask me that segment needs to grow up.  Talking to non-existent spirits who waft around on astral planes is just not going to get the job done."
I nodded, deciding not to mention the novena candles she kept in her office.  It was an odd appropriation of a Catholic ritual for a self-described Baptist, but according to Phillipa she liked a friendly face to pray to.  She had a fear of flying, and before each trip to Logan airport she lit a tall, glass-encased novena candle with a picture of St. Christopher pasted on it.  She’d been buying the same candles from a Guatemalan mail-order business in East Los Angeles for ten years.  St. Christopher was always depicted as a bland white guy with a beard - apparently the gold-standard in travel insurance and the saint you wanted interceding for you when you were clutching an armrest at thirty-thousand feet. 
"How far are we walking, exactly?" I asked.
“Just a few more blocks.  The address is in the McIntire Historic District, on Chestnut Street.  Not exactly a surprising address for someone who can afford to donate millions to a museum.  That area is Grand Central for Salem’s aristocracy.  I went to a party in one of the houses on Chestnut Street a few years ago.  Some benefit to raise money for historical preservation.  Everyone was very polite to me, in that ‘you can see by the way I eagerly shake your hand that I am not a racist’ sort of way.  You should have seen the stash of colonial silver the owner had.  The house had been in her family for three-hundred years and apparently they’d never held a garage sale.  She had stuff from her ancestor’s original voyage across the Atlantic in the seventeenth century.  She was a real ‘we came over on the Mayflower’ type.  I bet this guy we’re going to see is too.”
“That doesn’t mean he’s automatically a jerk,” I said.  “We don’t want to offend him, remember.  We need his help.  Ming needs his help.”
Phillipa sighed.  “You’re right.  It’s just an instinctive reaction.  Every time I think Mayflower type I think Catherine Lowell.”  She tugged gently on my arm.  “Hang on a sec.  Heavy traffic.”
Once past the traffic on Washington Street we entered a quiet residential neighborhood.  The only sound was our footsteps on the brick sidewalk.  Before the accident which cost me my sight I used to love the old brick sidewalks of Boston’s Beacon Hill.  They blended beautifully with the brick facades and green shutters of the area’s elegant townhouses.  But now they were just a nuisance.  Even the tiniest of tree roots would displace the bricks, pushing them up out of their mortar, like rows of jagged teeth salivating at the thought of tripping me.
I stumbled along, trying not to swear.  Phillipa didn’t like swearing and always made it known that she didn’t want to hear it in her vicinity.  A prohibition which was a continual source of hardship for me.  Personally I enjoyed launching a nice juicy string of profanity at life’s little annoyances.  I’d tried to convince her it was a healthy way to relieve stress, but she would just respond with one of her regal silences.
“This is it,” said Phillipa, coming to a halt.  “It’s not as grand as I expected.  A two-story Federal, in need of a paint job.  It’s got one of those historical society plaques on it: built in 1856.  A youngster for this area of town.”
She pushed through a creaking gate and we climbed up onto a porch whose ice-crusted boards sagged under our feet.  I could smell a crabapple tree nearby, blooming too early in the year. 
“Hmm,” said Phillipa.  “There’s no bell.  You’d think a house this size would have a bell.  Not that it’s a mansion or anything, but still, it must be hard to hear someone at your front door if you’re out back.”
She knocked loudly and we waited.  
“Maybe you should try again,” I said, after several minutes with no results.
Phillipa knocked again, hard enough to shake an icicle off the porch roof.  
“Nothing,” she said.  “You stay here.  I’m going to go around the side and see if there’s anyone in the backyard.”
I did a little restless shuffle on the icy porch as I waited.  I tried to think if there was anything else we could be doing to find Ming, but no miraculous solutions occurred to me.  I doggedly focused on picturing her alive.  She was probably in pain, which I tried not to think about, but a broken ankle could be fixed.  We just had to get her back.  Somehow.
The front door of the house suddenly opened, startling me.  I slipped on the ice and skidded, grabbing a porch column by pure chance.
“Sorry, sorry,” said the voice of an elderly man.  “I didn’t mean to scare you.  Your friend should have told me you were blind.  I would have been more careful.”
“Jo, are you okay?” asked Phillipa from behind him.
“I’m fine,” I said.  “Don’t worry about it.”
Phillipa took my elbow and led me into a room which I guessed was the front parlor.  It had an unused air, smelling of dust and ancient floor wax.  Phillipa settled me onto a scratchy horsehair sofa and sat down beside me.  
“Dang, it’s cold in here,” said our host.  “Don’t have too many guests anymore.  My sister Cecilia used to like taking afternoon tea in here, but she’s been dead eight years now.  Let me get a fire started.  A couple of youngsters cleaned out the chimney for me last summer.  May as well get some use out of it.”
“Do you need some help, sir?” asked Phillipa, starting to rise.
“No, no.  You have a seat young lady.  I’m a crack at starting a fire.  Used to spend winters in our cabin in Maine, ice fishing.  No central heat, of course.  Had to build a fire in the fireplace every day.  Good skill to have.  Nobody knows how to do it right, these days.  Got to have the right tinder, you know.  Newspaper, I use.  And dried pine needles.  They give a nice scent to a room.”
I heard the scratch of a match, and the room filled with the smell of burning newsprint, pine resin, and leftover ash from fires past.  A rise in temperature wasn’t forthcoming, so I kept my coat on.
“There,” said our host.  “That’ll do nicely.  Give it a few minutes and it’ll be toasty warm in here.  Now, what can I get you ladies?  Would you like some tea and cookies?  My neighbor just baked me a batch of Peanut Sandies.  Very nice, they are.  She puts candied ginger on top.”
“No thank you, sir,” said Phillipa.  “I’m afraid we don’t have time for tea.  We’re here on a very urgent matter.”
“Urgent matter?” asked the elderly man, sitting down with a grunt on a chair which sounded like it was covered in plastic.  “My goodness.  Well, don’t let me hold you up.  Tell me all about it.  My name’s Putnam, by the way.”
“I’m Phillipa Henderson and this is Joanna Adelman.  We work at the Archives, in Boston.  Being an art lover, perhaps you’ve heard of it?”
“Yes, of course.  Catherine Lowell’s little feudal domain.  More of a collection of manuscripts than art, I’d say.  Though you do have some nice colonial pewter.  But, how do you know I’m an art lover?  Oh, by the Falconet in the corner, I suppose.  An original, that is.  One of his putti.  My sister bought it in Paris.  Bit froufrou for my taste.  Never liked Rococo.  The impressionists, that’s my area.  I have a lovely little Sisley hanging in the dining room.  Painted at Louveciennes in 1873.  Would you like to see it?”
“No, thank you.  Actually, it’s an impressionist that we’re here to talk to you about.  Renoir.”
“Renoir?  Don’t own any Renoirs.  Not many private collectors do.  A few pastels of his are floating around, but most of the oils are in museums.”
“Yes, exactly.  The Peabody Museum acquired what they thought was a Renoir, using money you had donated.  A study of 'Girls at the Piano'.”
Mr. Putnam chuckled.  “Oh, that’s what you’re here about.  Well, if you’re about to tell me the painting is a fake, then this isn’t really an urgent matter.  I already know it’s a fake.  In fact, I was the one who told the Peabody.  My sister, I think I mentioned her, she bought the Falconet over in the corner there, was a bit of a Francophile.  Lived in Paris most of her life.  Anyway, when she was visiting friends in Lyon she came across some old letters written by the wife of an artist called Ardant . . .”
Phillipa cleared her throat.  “Mr. Putnam, I hate to interrupt you, but we know about Mr. Ardant and his forgery.  The assistant director of the Peabody told us.  He also told us that Catherine Lowell is not aware that this painting is a fake.”
Mr. Putnam laughed, the plastic covering on his chair crackling merrily.  “Good old Catherine the Great.  She’s always good for a laugh.  No, she doesn’t know, and I for one have no intention of telling her.  The gall of the woman, ‘borrowing’ a painting from the Peabody to hang in her office.”
“We need you to ask for it back,” I said impatiently, getting tired of Phillipa’s diplomatic approach.  It had been three days now with no news of Ming.  I felt if I had to endure one more day of waiting and worrying my head was going to explode.
“Pardon?” asked Mr. Putnam.
“What Joanna means,” Phillipa said soothingly, “is that you’d be doing us an immense favor if you would call Catherine Lowell and request that she return the Renoir – the fake Renoir – to the Peabody.  Without mentioning to her that it’s a fake.”
There was a silence, broken only by the crackling of the fire.  Finally, Mr. Putnam spoke.
“You two seem like nice ladies, so I hate to accuse you of anything unseemly, but you wouldn’t happen to be scam artists or something along those lines, would you?”
“No, of course not . . .” began Phillipa.
“Mr. Putnam,” I interrupted, “my assistant Ming was kidnapped in New York three days ago.  She’s very young, only twenty, and I feel responsible for what’s happened to her.  She has a badly broken ankle.  She’s probably in a lot of pain, and I’m sure she’s scared.  We think we can use this fake Renoir to bargain for her safe return.”
Mr. Putnam let out a low whistle.  “Well, that certainly qualifies as an urgent matter, doesn’t it?  Why didn’t you just come out with that right away?”
“I was afraid you wouldn’t believe us,” said Phillipa.  “I was trying to lead up to it.  If you don’t believe us, I have a business card here.  It’s the number of a police detective in New York City.  She’s heading up the case.”
“Actually, I do believe you,” said Mr. Putnam.  “But give me the card anyway.  It never hurts to have some verification.  Well, this is sad news.  I’m sorry about your assistant.  Happy to help, of course.  But I don’t understand the connection between a kidnapping in New York and Catherine Lowell’s borrowed forgery.”
“Do you know her son Brandon?” I asked.
Mr. Putnam let out a derisive snort.  “Unfortunately.  Obnoxious little snot.  Or big snot, I should say.  He’s grown up to be quite a tall young man.  Nice looking too, more’s the pity.  I bet lots of poor young ladies fall for him.  Treats them badly, I’ll wager.  Definitely not a gentleman.”
“We think he’s the one who kidnapped Ming,” I said.  “I was there when it happened.  I couldn’t see him, of course.  But I could smell him.”
“Smell him?”
“He wears a distinctive cologne,” I said.
“Oh, I see.  Kind of a strange way to identify a kidnapper.  Don’t suppose it would hold up in court.  But you, being a handicapped young lady, I suppose you know your smells.”
Mr. Putnam rose with a crackling of plastic and put another log on the fire, which was now heating the small parlor with a vengeance.  
“I suppose,” he said “that you think Catherine Lowell is also involved in this kidnapping, or at least knows about it.  You want me to apply some pressure.”
“Yes, exactly,” said Phillipa.  “The Lowell’s appear to be having money troubles.  They’re entangled in a property dispute over an apartment building on Beacon Hill, and from what I gather Catherine Lowell’s husband gambled away a very sizeable chunk of the family fortune.  I happen to know that Catherine is counting on this Renoir to bring in some cash.  I overheard her talking to her son about a year ago.  I was passing her office door, it was open, and to be frank, I eavesdropped.  She had a potential buyer for the painting.  It had doubled in value, or so she thought.  After the sale she was going to give the Peabody back its initial purchase amount to keep them quiet, and then she was going to pocket the rest.  The rest being a tidy two million dollars.”
Mr. Putnam chuckled heartily.  “And here’s me, calling her up out of the blue and demanding that she return the painting to the Peabody.  She’ll have a fit.  Oh, I’d pay good money to see that.”
He sat back down in his chair.  “Sorry, didn’t mean to laugh.  Not a laughing matter.”
“So,” said Phillipa.  “you’re willing to make the call?”
“Of course, of course.  Like I said, happy to do it.  Though, are you sure I’m the best one for the job?  Wouldn’t a request coming directly from the Peabody be better?”
Phillipa cleared her throat.  “The person we spoke to at the Peabody wasn’t inclined to be helpful.”
“Let me guess,” said Mr. Putnam.  “Officious twat, smoking a stinky pipe, and calling you ‘my dear’?”
“That would be him,” said Phillipa.
“Huey,” said Mr. Putnam.  “He’s an ass.  Helpful is not his middle name.  Not unless you’re in the social register and have a few million dollars to throw around.  He’s a decent curator, though.  Knows his stuff.  That’s why I used to give him money for acquisitions occasionally, until this mistake over the Renoir.”
Mr. Putnam’s chair crackled loudly.  “Excuse me for a minute, ladies,” he said.  “I’m just going to make a quick call to this police detective you mentioned.  Check up on your story.  Not that I doubt you, but it pays to be careful.  I’m an old codger, and a rich one at that.  The combination tends to attract scammers, if you know what I mean.  I won’t be a sec.”
His halting footsteps left the room.
I unwound my wool scarf from my neck and laid it on the sofa.  “I don’t want to criticize, but maybe he’s right.  Maybe we should go back to the Peabody and try to talk to someone other than Huey.  The museum is the legal owner of the painting.  A request coming from the museum would be more official.  Catherine could just blow this guy off.”
“No,” said Phillipa.  “Mr. Putnam is better than official – he’s connected.  What I mean is he’s a Mayflower type, same as Catherine Lowell.  He’s a nice guy, but he’s still a Mayflower type:  millions in the bank, perfectly Puritan ancestors I bet.  I’m sure he knows every snobby type in Salem.  Probably in Boston, too.  He runs in the same circles as Catherine.  Which means he can apply social pressure as well as financial pressure.  If Catherine balks about returning the painting he can play the social blackmail card.  He can threaten to tell all their acquaintances that Catherine has stolen a painting from the Peabody.”
“Well, you two check out just fine,” said Mr. Putnam, coming back into the room and stirring up the fire until it released another burst of pine-needle scent into the air.  “I did it the proper way, too.  I called information in New York and had them give me the phone number of the precinct on this card you gave me.  Learned that trick from one of my neighbors.  She had some joker try to sell her phony stocks.  Told her to call the number on his business card to check his identity.  Probably had one of his pals answering the calls.  Nope, she was a smart old gal.  She looked up his company on the Better Business Bureau website.  Turned out they had a whole bunch of complaints against them.”
“Mr. Putnam,” I said, “if you could make that call to Catherine Lowell . . . “
“Of course, of course.  Look at me, chatting about the Better Business Bureau while your friend is in danger.  Now, what exactly would you like me to say?”
“The truth,” said Phillipa.  “More or less.  Tell her you know she still has that Renoir from the Peabody in her office.  Insinuate that rather than just ‘borrowing’ it you think she intends to keep it.  Remind her that you donated a lot of money for the museum to buy that painting, and that you’d like to see it hanging on the wall at the Peabody again.”
“What if she asks me why I suddenly got this notion into my head?  After all, she’s had the painting hanging in her office for years.”
“Tell her the truth.  Tell her that we’re here, that we’ve told you about Ming, and that you’ve agreed to help us find her.”
Mr. Putnam tapped a foot slowly on the floor.  “And that’s the point where I apply the pressure.  Blackmail, I assume, is what you’re going for.  I say I know she and her son are involved in this kidnapping.  Either she tells us where this girl is, or I threaten to go straight to the Peabody and insist they raise a stink about wanting the painting back.”
“Right,” said Phillipa.  “She can’t afford to lose the millions she’ll get from the sale of the painting.  Or rather the millions she thinks she’ll get.  Whatever you do, don’t tell her the painting is fake.”
“No, no.  Of course not.  That would screw up the whole shebang.  I realize that.  What if after all this she still claims not to know anything about a kidnapping?”
“Then threaten her reputation.  Catherine cares almost as much about that as she does about money.  Tell her you’ll spread it around among all your mutual friends that she’s a thief.”
Mr. Putnam chuckled.  “You’re absolutely right, young lady.  Catherine the Great loves to think of herself as, well, Catherine the Great.  She thinks she’s the Mrs. Astor of Boston.  She’ll do just about anything to preserve her place in society.”
Mr. Putnam tottered back into the kitchen to place his call to Catherine Lowell.  I strained to catch the words, but he was too far away even for my ears.  All I heard was a low mumble.  His tone stayed remarkably calm throughout.  No shouting or angry threats.  Which was more than I could have managed, if I'd been the one speaking to Catherine.  
"Well, that's done," said Mr. Putnam as he rejoined us in the parlor.  "She wasn't at home, but I called the Archives and caught her in her office.  Catherine's coming here and she's bringing her son with her.  She didn't actually come right out and say she was in contact with him.   She danced around the issue like a prima ballerina on opening night, but I think we can expect both of them to show up at my front door."
I gasped.  "They're coming here?  To your house?"
"Sure," said Mr. Putnam.  "Why not?  Seemed like a reasonable meeting place.  Catherine's been here before.  She came to a party my sister threw a few years ago, so she knows where my house is.  And it's only a short drive up from Boston.  She should be here in less than an hour."
"I think what Joanna means," said Phillipa, "is that it could be dangerous.  Wouldn't meeting in a public place be a better idea?"
"Oh," said Mr. Putnam, "you're worried about Brandon throwing his weight around, are you?  It's true that the three of us aren't a match for him, but I've got something that will even things up a bit.  Hang on, I'll go get it.  I think it's in the closet where I keep my fishing gear."



Which is how we found ourselves seated at Mr. Putnam's kitchen table.  Me and Phillipa on one side, Catherine and Brandon Lowell on the other, and Mr. Putnam and Mr. Putnam's shotgun at the head of the table.  
The kitchen smelled of overripe fruit.  Bananas and apples.  I wondered if Mr. Putnam had anyone to help him with the housekeeping.  Elderly people tended to have a diminished sense of smell.  I’d noticed it with my grandmother.  She completely ignored smells which were unpleasant enough to turn my stomach.  In the last few years I’d started taking out the garbage, even though it was difficult to manage with my cane, because my grandmother would let it pile up under the kitchen sink until the stench was enough to attract flies.
I wrinkled my nose and tried to ignore the smell, even though the bananas were rapidly approaching the black peel stage of decay.
As we sat facing each other in silence as Mr. Putnam’s cat wandered in and wound itself around our legs, purring and dishing out delicate pats on our ankles with its barely sheathed claws.  I felt a sudden movement which shook the table, as if someone had aimed a kick at the cat.  It hissed and darted past my legs.  I heard it jump up on some sort of cabinet behind me, where it settled in to watch us, alternately purring and growling.
“Don’t mind old Toulouse,” said Mr. Putnam.  “He’s just on the lookout for manna from heaven, as I call it.  I like to drop little tidbits off the kitchen table when I’m eating and see if he can catch them before they hit the floor.  He used to be pretty good at it when he was a kitten.  Now he’s so old and lazy he just waits until the food hits the ground, then he hoovers it up.”
Mr. Putnam paused to fight off a hacking cough.  The rest of us just sat there, listening to him.  None of us seemed willing to begin.  We were all silently mulling over our opponent’s poker hand, so to speak.  
I could hear Catherine emitting little irritated puffs of air through her nose.  She drummed her fingers on the table at a furious pace.  Brandon was humming quietly, punctuating the silence with an occasional crack of his knuckles.  I got the feeling that he was enjoying the situation.
“Well,” said Mr. Putnam, clearing his throat with a final harrumph, “I don’t think we should drag this out.  And seeing as how no one looks eager to dive in, I will.  Catherine, I donated one heck of a lot of money to the Peabody, so as they could hang that Renoir in their galleries.  And I’d like to see it hanging there again.  It’s public property, and the public can’t see it if it’s hidden away in your office.  Now, these two ladies here, they want their friend back, safe and unharmed.  Her name is Ming and she’s a young girl, I understand, with her whole life ahead of her.  As the situation’s been explained to me, she’s in some amount of danger.  Now, I’m not thrilled about throwing away good money, but here’s what I’m willing to do.  If you or your son here tell us where this young lady is I’ll let you keep the Renoir.  I won’t say another word about it to the Peabody, or to anyone else.”
Catherine Lowell emitted a carefully calibrated sniff, with just the faintest hint of contempt.  “I am, of course, vaguely aware of who this person is.  She works for Dr. Adelman.  I’ve seen her a few times, wandering the halls of the Archives.  She’s a college student, which is obvious from her very poor dress sense.  She wears tracksuits to work, if you can imagine.  What I don’t understand is why you think I know where she is.  If she’s missing it’s a matter for the police.  Perhaps she’s just gone on a bender.  Out of her head on weed or crack or whatever is in fashion these days.  Or maybe she’s shacked up with a boyfriend.  You know what college students are like.”  Her platinum Cartier watch banged on the tabletop like a judge’s gavel.
“Ming is not on a bender,” I said, my voice shaking with anger.  “She disappeared from the Museum of Natural History in New York three days ago.  We were in one of its theaters, and Ming fell and broke her ankle.  Something which Brandon knows very well.  He was there.”
Brandon laughed.  “I think Joanna is the one who’s been getting into the weed.  I’ve never been to the Museum of Natural History in my life.  I’ve never been to any museum, for that matter.  Got better things to do with my time.”
“Aren’t you a history major?” asked Phillipa drily.  “You’d think that would merit the occasional visit to a museum.”
“Not the way I do it,” said Brandon with a chuckle.  “This is all very dramatic, the way you’ve got us arranged like it’s the Yalta Conference.  I suppose you consider yourselves Roosevelt and Churchill, while we get stuck with the Stalin role.   See, I do know some history.  But, I’m not about to confess to something I haven’t done, just because this old guy is aiming a blunderbuss at me.”
“It might look like a blunderbuss,” said Mr. Putnam, “but it’s loaded and it works just fine.  I used it only last month for some deer hunting.  Didn’t bag anything.  My aim isn’t what it used to be.  But I did some serious damage to a tree stump.  Believe me, young man, you don’t want to try anything funny.  Even with my bad eyesight I won’t miss you at this range.”
“Fine, fine,” said Brandon.  “I’m not going to try anything.  But I’m not going to admit to anything either.  I’m as worried about Ming as you are.  And the last time I saw her was when we were in my Aunt’s apartment on Fifth Avenue, talking to the police about that fire.”
“Exactly,” said Phillipa.  “You were in New York City when Ming disappeared.”  
“So were eight million other people,” said Brandon.
“Those eight million other people didn’t admit that their mother ordered them to follow us from Boston to New York.”
“What?” said Catherine Lowell.  “I did no such thing.”
“I didn’t say that mom ordered me to follow you,” said Brandon.  “I just said she asked me to keep an eye on you.  That’s totally different.  And she had good reason to.  You have to admit that you’ve been sticking your noses into our affairs.  I found Joanna and Ming poking around our construction site on Beacon Hill.  They had no business being there.”
“We were just following up on some research into the site of an old shul,” I said.  “It had nothing to do with your construction project.”
“You little liar,” Catherine Lowell spat out.  “You poked and prodded into the prior ownership of the property and concocted a ridiculous story about some black man owning the site.  You deliberately sent that obnoxious old money-grubber Cyrus Jackson to harass me.”
“I didn’t send him to harass you,” I said calmly.  “I just informed him that we had good evidence that one of his relatives used to own the site of the old shul.  Matthew Wilbraham.  He bought the property from a group of Jewish immigrants.”
Catherine snorted.  “Good evidence.  Fake evidence, you mean.  My father bought that property from those . . . people.  There was never any black man involved.  This business of another owner is a complete fabrication, and we will fight it in court.”
“Catherine,” I said, “I really don’t care if you and Cyrus Jackson spend the next fifty years fighting over this property.  I don’t care about it.  At all.  What I do care about is getting Ming back safe and sound.  Are you going to tell us where she is or not?”
There was a long silence.  From her labored breathing I could tell that Catherine was trying to keep her temper under control.  The sulfurous smell of her perfume became more noticeable.
“I can’t tell you something I have no knowledge of,” Catherine finally said, her voice so tight and strained it sounded like it had been forced through a wire sieve.
“Brandon, what about you?” asked Phillipa.  “If your mother has to return this Renoir to the Peabody she’ll lose the millions she planned on getting from its sale.  Yeah, I know about that.  I heard you two discussing it more than a year ago.  That’ll cost you a big chunk of your inheritance.”
“Brandon has nothing more to say,” snapped Catherine Lowell, pushing her chair back from the table.  “And neither do I.  We’re leaving.”
“Sorry, guys,” said Brandon.  “A-plus for effort.”
“What about the photocopies?” I asked in a last ditch effort to keep them negotiating.  “I’ll give them to you.  All of them.  The other Zielinski documents were destroyed in the fire in New York, and Brandon already has the original deed.  Once you have the photocopies of the deed you can destroy them, and then Cyrus Jackson will have no evidence to use to challenge your ownership of the Beacon Hill property.”
“I knew you had photocopies,” hissed Catherine.  “You sat in my office and lied straight to my face . . .”
“Mom, chill,” said Brandon.  “She’s just trying to goad us.  Making wild accusations.  I don’t have any deed.  If you mean the one for the 22 Phillips Street property, I’ve never even seen it.  Mom told me about it, sure.  But I don’t have it.”
“The hell you don’t,” I said.  “After we handed it over to those men from the Gostynin group in Brooklyn I’m sure you managed to get it from them somehow.  Paid them, stole it from them, convinced Micah Levy to get it for you . . .”
“Whoa, Joanna has really gone off the deep end,” said Brandon, walking around the table to stand at my elbow.  “Now she’s just making up any old nonsense.  I guess making up stories is all you’ve got when you’re middle-aged damaged goods, and you can’t see your hand in front of your face.”
I felt a whoosh of air as Brandon waved his hand inches from my nose.  I didn’t move, but I heard Mr. Putnam and Phillipa jerk to their feet.  A metallic click signaled that Mr. Putnam’s shotgun was ready for action.
“I think it’s time for you to leave my house, son,” said Mr. Putnam, advancing on Brandon.
“Put that thing away, old man,” said Brandon in a cold voice.  “Your hands are shaking so much you’re going to hit Joanna.”  
A hand suddenly wrapped itself around my arm and dragged me out of my chair.  Brandon thrust me in front of him, one hand on my arm, the other on my throat.  His hand was so large it nearly encircled my neck.  I held completely still.  I knew Phillipa and Mr. Putnam would try their best to pull him off me, but it wouldn’t do any good.  If Brandon squeezed he’d crush my windpipe.  I’d be dead in seconds.
“Let go of her,” said Catherine Lowell in a desperate whisper.  “The minute we leave they’ll call the police and have you arrested for assault.”
I felt Brandon shrug.
“Not if I kill all three of them,” he said as calmly as if he were ordering burgers at a drive-through window.  
“They’ve told other people we’re here,” hissed Catherine.  “I’m sure of it.  That pansy Roger Davenport is probably running around right now, trying to marshal the troops.  If you kill them we’ll be the first suspects the police look at.  The only suspects.”
Brandon sighed.  “Fine I won’t kill them.  Too much work anyway.  We’d have to do something with the bodies, and the ground’s still frozen.  I’m not about to play day-laborer and waste my time messing around with a pick and shovel.”
I felt Catherine tugging on Brandon’s arm, and he started to walk backwards, dragging me with him.  I struggled to stay on my feet as the pressure on my neck increased.
“Wait!” said Phillipa.  “Just leave.  Let go of Joanna and leave.  We won’t stop you.  Mr. Putnam, put your gun down.”
“Right,” said Mr. Putnam.  
There was a metallic clunk as he put his shotgun on the kitchen table.
“We’ll leave,” drawled Brandon, “but I think I’ll take Joanna along for company.”
I shivered as the front door of the house opened and Brandon dragged me across the threshold.  Catherine Lowell was making little worried noises behind us, muttering something under her breath.  The ice on the porch crackled under our feet, and Brandon slowed, inching backwards across the slick surface.  My feet scrabbled on the ice and I slid downward.  I gasped for breath as Brandon’s hand cut deeper into my neck.  He grunted impatiently and hauled me up off my feet, holding me against him.  
We were off the porch and onto the icy flagstone path leading to the house when Brandon suddenly slipped and lost his balance.  He flailed wildly, dropping me a second before he crashed to the ground.  I crawled away as fast as I could over the ice-encrusted grass of the lawn, ignoring the pain in my knees where I had landed on the unforgiving flagstone.  
I heard running feet.  One set of footsteps rushed toward me, the other headed back inside.  As Phillipa pulled me to my feet Mr. Putnam’s unsteady tread re-emerged from the house.
“Enough of this, son,” he said.  “I’ve got the safety off.  If you don’t get off my property this second I’ll do some serious damage to your backside.”
Brandon didn’t reply, but I heard Catherine whispering frantically.  Their steps retreated down the path.  I heard a car start.  It roared off, tires skidding on the icy road.
I breathed a sigh of relief and brushed snow off my coat with trembling hands.  “That was more than I bargained for,” I said, trying to sound unshaken and failing miserably.  “Maybe we should have let him take me.  He might have brought me straight to Ming.”
“Nonsense,” said Phillipa, scooping out a chunk of snow that had fallen into the hood of my coat.  “He would have just killed you both.”
A sudden trill of music startled all of us.  It was a ringtone.  Ain’t Necessarily So from Porgy and Bess.  
“My cell,” said Phillipa, rummaging in her purse.  “It’s a text from Roger.  He wants us back in Boston right away.  He thinks he knows where Ming is.”


Chapter Fifteen


Roger’s message said to meet him at the Lowell’s construction site on Beacon Hill.  As we hurried down Phillips Street toward the site I could hear a familiar voice.  It was Cyrus Jackson, holding forth as if he was addressing the entire Massachusetts state senate. 
“I know my rights, young man,” thundered Cyrus.  “I don’t care what kind of expert you claim to be.  My family owns this property and I am denying you entry.”
Phillipa sighed.  “I knew this would happen.  The prospect of coming into a large sum of money has gone to the old fool’s head.”
She had linked arms with me to guide me along the street.  I felt her tug on my elbow and we hurried forward.  There was a strong smell of sawdust in the air.  I could hear other voices mingling with Cyrus Jackson’s stentorian bellow:  Roger’s quiet baritone and an unfamiliar male voice with a strong Southie accent and a hacking cough.
“Mr. Jackson,” Roger said patiently, “whatever your future claims on this property might be, it currently belongs to the Lowell family.  And as foreman of the site, Mr. McBride here is their official representative.  If he chooses to let me inside to examine these objects then there is nothing you can legally do to stop me.”
I heard Cyrus Jackson begin to sputter like a broken teapot, but Phillipa interrupted before he could get up a full head of steam.
“Hello, Roger.  We got here as soon as we could.  What objects?” 
“Some bas reliefs in bronze,” said Roger, “if I understand Mr. McBride’s description correctly.”
“Dunno about bas reliefs, whatever they are,” said the construction foreman.  “Sculptures.  That’s what they look like to me.  A whole bunch of them.  Covered in dirt and brick dust, but unharmed as far as I can tell.  Mr. Davenport here was the first person I called after one of my crew found them under a pile of old boards down in the sub-basement.  Whenever we work on one of these historic buildings my boss gives me a list of experts to contact just in case we come across something that might need to be appraised.  And the first name on the list is Mr. Roger Davenport, curator of the Archives.  So that’s who I called.  Dunno who this fellow is,” he finished.
I assumed he meant Cyrus Jackson, who had started sputtering again.  I took a cue from Phillipa and jumped into the conversation ahead of him.  “Roger, what does all this have to do with Ming?”
Roger took my arm and led me a few steps away.  Phillipa followed. 
“The construction workers found a tunnel,” he said quietly.  “Connected to the sub-basement.  The foreman says it looks centuries old.  Maybe part of the old underground railroad system.  As Phillipa could tell you, the anti-slavery activist Lewis Hayden lived on this street back in the nineteenth century.  It’s long been rumored that one of the underground railroad tunnels came up underneath his house.  The Lowell’s property could be connected to the tunnels as well.  As soon as the foreman told me about the tunnel I immediately thought of Ming.  It would be the perfect place to hide her.  The Lowells own the property, so Brandon would be able to come and go without anyone suspecting anything.”
“Should we call the police?” asked Phillipa.
“No, I think it would be better to use these bas-reliefs they’ve found as an excuse to go down there.  We’re less likely to scare Brandon off that way.  If we bring the police into it he’s likely to panic and move Ming somewhere else.”
“It’s possible she’s not down there,” said Phillipa.  
“I know,” said Roger, “but it’s worth trying.”
Sheol.  That was the word Micah Levy had uttered back in the burial ground, and the word which I’d been trying so hard to block out of my mind.  At the time I’d thought Micah was using its conventional meaning of ‘in the grave’, but it could also mean ‘underground’.  A tiny spark of hope kindled.  Ming could still be alive.
“C’mon, Mr. Davenport,” called the site foreman.  “If you want to do this you need to do it now.  Quitting time is in less than an hour.”
I headed toward his voice, Roger and Phillipa in tow.
“Whoa, hold on,” the foreman said.
He stepped in front of me.  I could smell cigarette smoke and the leftover aroma of a pulled pork sandwich from Sam La Grassa’s.
“I ain’t lettin’ no blind lady into my construction site.  You wouldn’t get two feet before falling flat on your face.  There’s piles of lumber everywhere, not to mention holes in the floor where my guys had to pull up rotten floorboards.  And that’s just in the upper floors.  The basement is even worse.  There’s a twenty-foot-deep pit down there, an old septic tank by the smell of it.  One of my guys nearly fell in.”
“Roger and I will look after her,” said Phillipa, taking me firmly by the elbow.  
“No means no.  It’s a huge safety violation, not to mention a lawsuit waiting to happen.  I’d lose my license.”
I was just about to argue when a car pulled up behind us, its tires screeching impatiently.  A car door slammed and I heard heels clicking along the brick sidewalk.  The distinctive smell of lilacs mixed with brimstone met my nose.
“Mr. McBride, I demand to know just what is going on here.  When you called and said you’d found something at the site I didn’t think you’d invite half the city.  Why are these people hanging around my property?”
“Mrs. Lowell, ma’am,” said the foreman with relief in his voice.  “Glad you could make it.  Maybe you can talk some sense into these people.  They’re all dead set on going down into the basement to check out the sculptures I told you about.  Even the blind lady and this elderly gent.”
Cyrus Jackson started spluttering again, probably at being called an “elderly gent”, though he’d been called far worse things.
“I’m just protecting my rights,” thundered Cyrus.  “My sainted mother, God rest her soul, inherited this property from her cousin.  Her first cousin, mind you, by the name of Matthew Wilbraham.  And this  . . .”
“Oh, to hell with your sainted mother and all your other relatives,” snapped Catherine Lowell.  “Until you can prove this nonsense in court you have no business being here.  I suggest you leave immediately before I have you arrested for trespassing.  That goes for Dr. Adelman and Dr. Henderson as well.”
I heard Catherine’s heels click up the stone steps of the building.  
“Come along Roger,” she said impatiently.  “I haven’t got all day.  I want you to give me an estimate of the value of these items, whatever they are.”
I felt Roger give me a quick pat on the shoulder as he whispered in my ear.
“Just wait here.  At least she’s letting me in the building.  I’ll keep a sharp lookout for any signs of Brandon or Ming.”
Roger disappeared inside the building and Phillipa led me over to an adjoining stoop, where we sat on the cold steps to wait for his return.  
“I can’t believe that Catherine Lowell just showed up like that,” I said, fury bubbling up inside me.  “After what happened in Salem.”
“She’s obviously decided to brazen it out,” said Phillipa.  “She didn’t actually do anything illegal at Mr. Putnam’s.  She just sat there, watching to see how things would play out.  Brandon was the one doing all the dirty work.”
“Maybe they’ve had a parting of the ways,” I said hopefully.  “Catherine’s always been so indulgent when it comes to Brandon.  Paying his college tuition even though he doesn’t study, and getting him the intern job at the Archives even though he doesn’t do any work.  But maybe she’s finally decided to cut her losses.”
“Seems unlikely,” said Phillipa.  “He is her son, after all.  But even more than that, he’s a Lowell.  That probably means more to Catherine than the fact that she gave birth to him.  She’ll protect him no matter what he does because she’ll always protect the family name.”


*	*	*	*


The sun had set and Phillipa and I were both shivering by the time Roger returned.  The March air was sharp with the threat of snow.  I got stiffly to my feet as voices emerged from the construction site.
“Did you find . . .?” I asked as soon as I could distinguish Roger’s footsteps heading toward us.
“No,” he said quietly.  “Nothing.”
The three of us stood silently, weighed down by disappointment.  Catherine Lowell’s voice suddenly cut sharply across the evening air.
“Roger, I’ve arranged to have the items brought to the Archives first thing tomorrow.  I want you to bring in a Saint-Gaudens expert.  We need to be certain of their value.”
“Yes, yes,” said Roger absent-mindedly.  “I’ll bring in someone from the Museum of Fine Arts.”
A car door slammed and Catherine drove off.
“Saint-Gaudens?” asked Phillipa.  
“The objects found by the construction workers appear to be bronze bas-reliefs by Augustus Saint-Gaudens,” said Roger.  “They were in the basement of the building, buried under a pile of rubble.  Hard to say, but it looks like they’ve been down there for decades.  The lighting was very poor, but from what I could tell they’re individual studies of the soldiers from the Robert Gould Shaw memorial on Boston Common.  The African-American soldiers from the 54th Volunteer Infantry.  Saint-Gaudens might have intended to include them in the memorial, or possibly they were just trial runs before he finalized the design.  I don’t know how they ended up in the basement of this building.  Saint-Gaudens worked mainly from his studio in New Hampshire.”
“Wow,” I said.  “That’s some find.  If they’re authentic they’ll be worth millions.  No wonder Catherine wants them appraised by an expert.”
“Yes,” said Roger.  “Normally I’d be the first person to be ecstatic about such a discovery, but . . .”
“Ming,” I said.
“Yes, Ming,” said Roger.  “There was no sign of her in the main basement.  It's nothing but piles of old bricks, worm-eaten lumber and mice.  I did see what looked like the entrance to a tunnel, but the construction foreman said its roof had caved in.  You can only go about twenty yards inside it before meeting a wall of rubble from the cave-in.  The tunnel is also where they found the remains of the old septic tank.  The construction workers have put a length of chain-link fencing across the mouth of the tunnel, but I had a quick look through the fence with a flashlight.  There’s a very narrow ledge circling the pit where the septic tank used to be.  I couldn’t see down into it, but the foreman said there’s nothing inside it.”
"So you didn't explore the tunnel thoroughly," I said.
"No," said Roger.  "The foreman wouldn't let me inside."
"They'll let the police inside," said Phillipa grimly.  "I'll call them right now."


*	*	*	*


I kicked restlessly at the blanket covering me, disturbing Delilah, who was sleeping at my feet.  Normally I didn’t let her up on my bed, but tonight I felt in need of company.  I patted her head and she licked my hand, circled a few times, and flopped back down.  I could hear faint snoring coming from my grandmother’s room.  I stretched across the nightstand and felt along the face of my Braille alarm clock.  It was 2:00am.
Phillipa had called the Boston police department, as well as Detective Barton in New York, but it hadn't produced the immediate action we'd hoped for.  Catherine Lowell had refused to allow the police to search the construction site without a warrant.  So we were waiting.  Again.   Waiting and wondering whether Ming was dead or alive.  I threw off the blanket.  I couldn’t bear it any longer.  I had to do something.
I got up and pulled on jeans, a heavy sweater, snow boots and a fleece-lined parka.  Delilah jumped off the bed and nosed at my legs.  I put on her harness and grabbed my wallet out of my purse.  I felt inside the bill compartments:  only forty dollars in cash.  Not nearly enough for what I had in mind.  I stood in the middle of my bedroom, thinking.  Who would keep a large amount of cash at home?  Of my closest acquaintances, Roger was the wealthiest.  He wasn’t rich, but as director of the Archives he got paid a pretty decent salary.  But I doubted he’d have cash on hand.  He relied on debit and credit cards like everyone else.  The only people who tended to keep cash at home were those who had safes where the family jewels were kept.  In other words, the very rich.  People who ran in the same circles as the Lowells.  I tapped my fingers on my wallet, toting up names.
I had a superficial acquaintance with quite a few members of Boston’s super-rich.  Those who could afford to donate millions to a museum.  Catherine Lowell occasionally held parties for donors in the Dearborn room at the Archives.  On rare occasions she’d invite the staff.  Phillipa, with her outgoing personality and an ability to tell a good story was popular at these gatherings.  I tended to hug the wall and leave early.  Still, I’d met a few people.  And most of them lived in the Beacon Hill area, which was within walking distance of my apartment.  But I couldn’t think of anyone who’d hand over cash if I showed up on their doorstep in the middle of the night.  Unless . . .


*	*	*	*


“Pam, I really wish you’d stayed at home,” I said, adjusting my grip on Delilah’s harness.
“Nonsense,” said Pam Whitman, her chinchilla coat giving off a faint scent of the cleaning solution used to preserve the fur.  “I’m not going to let you wander around a construction site by yourself.  You’d fall and get injured, and then I’d feel just terrible.  Even more terrible than I do now.  I’ve been worrying myself sick about poor Ming.  All of us docents at the Archives have.  We were talking yesterday about how the police don’t seem to be getting anywhere, and maybe we should offer a reward.  So I’m thrilled I can help.  Do you think six hundred will be enough? It was all I had in my purse, but I usually keep some cash in the safe in my den.  It’s been a while since I’ve had to get in the safe.  I should have checked.”
“Six hundred should be more than enough.”  Delilah paused and bumped against my leg - her signal that there was an especially high curb in front of me.  I stepped up onto it, my boots sliding a bit on the ice.  “This is the turning for Phillips Street, isn’t it?”
“Hmm, let me just have a quick glance at the street sign.  Everything looks so different in the dark.  Usually when I go anywhere at night I have my driver take me.  Spoiled, I know.”  She took a few steps away.  “Yes, this is it.  I can see the Lowell’s building.  It must be the one with scaffolding on the front.”
Our steps echoed off the brick sidewalk.  I strained my ears, listening for the sound of anyone behind us, but I couldn’t hear anything except the click of Delilah’s toenails and the slight huffing sound she made when she had to walk far.  I made a mental note to cut back on the treats I’d been feeding her ever since her brush with death from warfarin poisoning.
“Okay,” said Pam as she came to a halt, her voice sinking to a whisper.  “This is the front entrance.  Are you sure there’s a guard?  I don’t see anyone around.”
“Most construction sites this size have a night watchman,” I said.  “To keep people from breaking in and stealing plumbing fixtures, copper piping, that kind of thing.”  Not to mention million-dollar sculptures down in the basement, I mentally added.  “He’s probably inside.  It’s too cold to hang around out here.”  I gave a twitch on Delilah’s harness and she led me up the stairs of the front stoop.  I knocked quietly on the door.
We had quite a wait.  I was just about to knock again when the door creaked open.  
“Yeah, what you want?” asked a male voice with a Hispanic accent.  “Nobody live here.  Work site.”
“Yes, we know,” I said.  “Pam, hand him the money.”
“All of it?” she asked.
“Yes.  We don’t want to stand out here negotiating.  Someone might call the police, or worse, Catherine Lowell.”
I heard the man gasp.  
“So much money.  Lady, this no crack house.  I got nothing for you.”
“Sir,” I said, “I have absolutely no interest in drugs.  We just want to have a quick look in the basement of this building.  That’s all.”
“Oh,” said the man, chuckling.  “Yeah, I hear about how they found somethings down there.  Very big and heavy.  Some kinds of statues.  Too heavy for ladies to move.”
“We don’t want to move them, damage them, or steal them.  We just want to look at them.”
The man spit out something which smelled like chewing tobacco.  “Why?” he asked.
Pam interceded.  “We’re what you might call amateur connoisseurs,” she said in an impossibly cheery voice.  “It’s the thrill of the hunt, if you will.  We want to be the first to examine these, um, items.  Before the common masses can gawk at them in a museum.”
The man chuckled again.  “Crazy ladies.  But what do I care.  For six hundreds you can look all you want.”
The door creaked again and Pam tugged on the sleeve of my coat.  Delilah gave a little hop over the doorstep and we were all inside.  
“He’s gone,” said Pam in a low voice.  “Disappeared into a room off to the left.  I can hear a TV or radio playing.  It doesn’t look like he’s going to keep an eye on us.”
“Okay,” I said.  “Do you see any stairs?  We need to go down into the basement.”
“Hang on.  Let me get out my flashlight.”  She fumbled inside her purse.  “Good thing I brought this.  There’s hardly any light in here.  The windows are all boarded up.”
I felt her take my arm.
“This way,” she said.
We awkwardly descended a rickety wooden staircase, its steps creaking with our every move.  Delilah made a quiet keening noise deep in her throat.  Going down stairs was never her favorite thing.  I kept a firm grip on her harness and we made it down in one piece.  
“Oh, my,” said Pam, her fingers tightening on my arm.  “This is quite an unsettling place.  Dark, spooky, cobwebby.  It looks like no one’s used the basement in a century.  It would be an ideal location for a haunted house on Halloween.”  She laughed nervously.  “I don’t see many places in this main area where you could hide a person.  It’s pretty empty.  Just bare walls and a stone floor.  But there are several hallways leading off from it.  Where should we look first?”
“There's a tunnel I want to have a close look at, but we’re going to let Delilah decide,” I said.  “Roger searched down here, but he doesn’t have Delilah’s nose.”  I pulled a sock out of my coat pocket and held it out for Delilah to sniff.  The sock belonged to Ming.  She’d forgotten it at my apartment when my grandmother had invited her for dinner about a month ago.  The day had been rainy and Ming had taken her wet shoes and socks off.  There was a strong smell of turpentine in the basement, probably from the construction.  I hoped it wouldn’t interfere with Delilah’s sense of smell.
Delilah sniffed at the sock and licked my hand.  She wasn’t a trained hunting dog, so she didn’t take off like a hound after a rabbit, but she did start moving restlessly from side to side.  I let go of her harness.
“Go find Ming,” I said to her.  Ming frequently took Delilah out for runs along the river, not to mention sneaking her doggy treats in my office.  I was pretty sure Delilah had at least a vague notion of who she was.  
Delilah gave a little bark and trotted away, her toenails clicking on the stone floor.  I gripped Pam’s arm and we followed.
“She’s sniffing at a pile of old boards,” said Pam.  “They’re tucked into a little alcove off the main room.  There’s a sheet draped over them for some reason.  Wait here for a minute.”
I heard a rustle of fabric and sneezed as a cloud of dust met my nose.  Pam returned to my side.
“There are metal artworks stacked under the sheet.  They must be the ‘somethings’ the guard was referring to.  They look sort of like paintings in bronze.  Kind of three-dimensional but not really sculptures.  There’s some kind of artistic word for it which escapes me at the moment.”
“Bas-reliefs,” I said.  “They’re called bas-reliefs.  By Augustus Saint-Gaudens, according to Roger.  I wonder why Delilah is sniffing at them.”
“I don’t know,” said Pam.  “There isn’t any room for a person to hide among them.  I pulled back the sheet and checked.”
“She might have picked up Catherine Lowell’s scent on the sheet,” I said.  “Catherine was down here only a few hours ago.”  Or she might have picked up Brandon’s scent.  I shuddered.  If Brandon had been down here he could come back at any moment.  We needed to hurry.
“Here.”  I handed the sock to Pam.  “Hold this under Delilah’s nose again.  We don’t want her getting distracted.”
“She took a good whiff,” said Pam.  “Now she’s heading back into the main room.  She seems to be picking up the pace.”
We hurried after her.  I was surprised by the distance we covered.  The basement was bigger than I had imagined.  I stumbled when Pam suddenly tugged on my arm, bringing me to a halt.  Delilah was pressing against my legs, whining.
“She’s stopped at the tunnel you mentioned,” Pam said, her voice wobbling a bit.  “It connects to the basement by a brick archway built into the wall.  It looks like the archway was opened not too long ago.  There’s a pile of bricks nearby.  All broken into pieces, as if someone’s taken a sledgehammer to them.”
“Can you see inside the tunnel?” I asked.
“Part way.  My flashlight isn’t strong enough to see all the way down it.  Do you want to go inside?” Pam asked, not sounding very enthusiastic about the idea.
“Yes,” I said firmly.  “Can we get in?  Roger mentioned something about it being fenced off.”
“There’s chain-link fencing stretched across the entrance, but I don’t see any lock.  Hang on.”
Pam dropped my arm.  I heard her grunting, and a metallic scraping echoed across the basement.  
“I’ve pulled it back about a foot,” she said, breathing heavily. “Just enough for me to squeeze through.  Wait here.  I’ll explore and report back.”
“No,” I said immediately.  “I’m coming with you.  It’s too dangerous for you to go by yourself.”
“It’s even more dangerous for both of us to go,” said Pam.  “There’s some kind of pit not far from the entrance.  It’s almost as wide as the tunnel.  The ledge around the rim is barely wide enough for one person.  I won’t be able to guide you.”
“I could hang on to the back of your coat,” I said.
“That would make both of us fall in,” said Pam.  “My balance isn’t perfect at the best of times.  Let me take off these heels.  Stupid of me to wear them.”
I heard a soft clunk as she kicked off her shoes, then she took my hands and placed them on the fence.  I curled my fingers around the hard metal links.  At my feet Delilah was emitting worried little barks.  It was rare for her to bark.  She normally only did it when she was upset.  My fingers tightened on the chain-link. 
“Okay, let me see if I can squeeze through here,” said Pam.  “Oh, blast this coat.  Here.”
I felt something soft and furry thrown over my shoulders.  Pam’s fur coat.  The fence rattled under my hands as she pushed through.
“I don’t see anything in the pit,” she called.  “Which is quite a relief.  I was imagining horrible things.  Well, best not to dwell on that.  I’m just going to skootch along the ledge on my hands and knees.  I’m not much of a gymnast, and if I try to walk along it I’m afraid I’ll fall.  I won’t be much use to you or Ming if I’m at the bottom of this pit.”
I heard a sudden rush of stones falling and my throat constricted with fear.  “Pam?  Are you okay?”
“It’s all right,” she called.  “The edge of the pit is just crumbly.  I knocked a few loose stones into it.  Nothing to worry about.  I’ve made it to the other side.  I’m going to have a look down the tunnel.  I’ll try to hurry.  Just wait there.”
Delilah and I waited in the silent basement.  She had stopped barking, but I could tell she was still agitated.  She kept pulling against her harness, as if she wanted to dash into the tunnel.  I strained my ears.  I could hear Pam’s footsteps fading away, and faint music – probably the radio the guard was listening to.  I also thought I heard breathing, which made my heart leap into my throat until I realized it must be Delilah.
When Delilah suddenly let out a fierce growl I nearly screamed.  I clutched the fence and forced myself to listen, biting down on my lower lip so hard I could taste blood.  I could hear movement, but the sound was echoing off the walls of the basement, making it difficult to pinpoint its location.  I couldn’t tell if it was Pam coming back . . . or if it was something else.
I stood there shaking so hard my hands rattled the chain-link fence.  I forced myself to let go and put my back against the fence, an arm raised ready to defend myself.  I staggered when Delilah suddenly jerked forward, pulling her harness out of my hand and snarling like a demon-hound.
A cry came from somewhere in the depths of the basement.
“Teivel!  Beast from hell!”
It was Micah Levy.  He let out a roar of pain and anger.  Delilah must have bitten him.  I heard a loud thump and a whimper from Delilah.  Then silence.
Frantically, I shoved Pam’s fur coat off my shoulders and fumbled at a zipper on my parka.  I had tucked a knife into the pocket of my coat before leaving my apartment.  Its blade was dull from sawing through too many roast chickens, but it would do the job if necessary.  I was still fumbling with the zipper when I heard the thud-drag of Micah’s step coming toward me.  I fought down panic as the sound came closer, echoing off the walls and ceiling, impossible to pinpoint.  I made the best guess I could about which direction it was coming from and lunged in the opposite direction, only to jerk to a halt as a hand suddenly closed on my arm.  Micah dragged me through the opening in the fence, one of the metal links slicing into my cheek.
The overpowering stench of Micah’s breath – the reek of rotting teeth – made me gag.  He was dragging me forward into the tunnel.  I dug my feet into the dirt floor and threw my weight backwards, but it didn’t slow him down in the slightest.  He was going to throw me in the pit.  I gave up trying to get the knife out of my pocket and went limp, making myself a dead weight.  Micah stumbled and rained curses down on me.  As he tottered I made a grab for his legs.  My outstretched hand connected not with a leg, but with his cane.  I grabbed it with both hands and pulled as hard as I could.  
Micah let out a roar of rage and crashed to the ground.  I scrambled for the knife again, thinking I was going to have to fight him off, but he had let go of me.  I heard the rattle of small stones, and realized we were close to the edge of the pit.  I could feel solid earth underneath me, but Micah must be very close to the edge.  He was a heavily-built man.  I didn’t think I could push him very far if he was sprawled on the ground.  I waited.  
Sure enough, Micah’s grunts indicated that he was trying to get to his feet.  I waited until he’d had time to get to his knees, and then I shoved as hard as I could.  My hands connected with his chest and he toppled backward.  I felt a whoosh of air on my face as he tried to grab at me, but I threw myself backwards, avoiding his grasp.
“Teivel!” he screamed as he fell.  
There was a loud thump, and then silence.  
I crouched there, shaking, trying to get my ragged breathing under control.  No sounds came from the bottom of the pit.  Micah had to be either dead or unconscious.  The construction foreman had said the pit was twenty feet deep.  I doubted Micah could climb out, even if he was alive and uninjured. 
I hesitated, there at the edge of the pit.  In the silence I thought I could hear Delilah whimpering, but it was so faint it might have been my imagination.  My first instinct was to try and find her, but she could be anywhere in the basement.  It would take me too long.  My priority had to be Pam, and Ming.  
"Pam!" I hissed, wincing as the noise echoed off the rock walls.  I was torn between wanting her to hear me and not wanting to attract the attention of anyone else who might be down here.  "Pam!  Are you there?"  I listened, holding my breath.  No answer.
I knew what I had to do, but the sensible part of my brain was trying to talk me out of it.  I shoved thoughts of caution to the back of my mind and got down on my hands and knees.  I slowly inched forward until one of my hands met thin air.  The edge of the pit.  I crawled to the left until my shoulder bumped against the rock wall.  If Pam could crawl along the ledge, so could I.  All I needed to do was keep my weight leaning away from the pit and my shoulder against the wall.  In a way I had it easier than Pam, since I couldn't see the gaping hole on my other side.
I started along the ledge, making good progress until my right knee, catching on a clump of dirt, suddenly slid off the ledge.  I heard the familiar rattle of small stones as my dangling leg knocked them into the pit.  I threw myself face down, hands digging into the dirt, as I slowly inched my leg back up onto the ledge.  My arms trembled from the strain.  As I lay there, unwilling to go on, I forced myself to think of Pam, somewhere ahead of me in the darkness.  I'd gotten her into this, and I was damned if I was going to lie there like a coward while she faced down who knew what.
How I made it past the pit I don't remember.  My body seemed to go into automatic mode.  One minute I was stretched out full length on the ledge, wondering if I could somehow turn around and go back the way I had come, the next minute I was rising shakily to my feet.  
I staggered along the tunnel, one hand on the rock wall for guidance, the other stretched out before me.  At first I walked bent over, afraid that I would bash my head against the roof, but I soon realized that I could walk upright.  The tunnel was tall and narrow.  If I stretched out my right hand I could reach both sides.  I tried to count my steps, to get some idea of how far I'd come, but the tunnel seemed to stretch on endlessly.  
It was a change in the air which told me I was reaching the end.  A gust of cold air suddenly blew across my face, carrying with it a scent of lilac.  Catherine Lowell's perfume.  The smell was too strong to be just a lingering remnant of her earlier visit to the basement.  She had to be here now.  Somewhere close by.
A faint sound of muffled voices reached my ear, and my outstretched hand found the jumbled stones of the cave-in Roger had mentioned.  It was the end of the tunnel and I hadn't found Pam.  The tunnel was so narrow that if she'd been lying on the ground injured or unconscious I would have tripped over her.  So she must have found a way past the cave-in.  
I felt along the pile of fallen rock, my hands dislodging small pebbles and clumps of dirt which rained down on my outstretched arms.  I stopped, afraid I was going to bring the roof down on my head.  Pam couldn’t possibly have gotten through this. It was too unstable, and it filled the tunnel from wall to wall.  I turned slowly, facing back the way I’d come.  I must have missed something.  An opening somewhere.
I moved slowly back down the tunnel, feeling along the opposite wall.  At first I met nothing but solid rock, but a few feet along my hand brushed across rough, splintery wood.  Three feet wide and taller than my head.  A door.  A gust of air blew across my face and the smell of lilacs grew stronger.  The door was open a few inches.  I pulled at it and it swung open noiselessly, giving off a whiff of WD-40.  Someone had recently oiled the hinges.
I took a step through the doorway and stopped to listen.  The voices were still a good distance away, but I could now make out who was speaking:  Catherine Lowell’s imperious, high-pitched tones cut across a sullen, childish drawl which I didn’t recognize at first.  Then another gust of air blew the cloying smell of marijuana toward me.  It was the teenage boy who had pushed me into Boston Harbor.  I couldn’t imagine what he was doing here.  Maybe Catherine had hired him as some kind of errand boy.  I didn’t really care.  I was just happy that it was his voice I heard and not Brandon’s.
I stepped forward, wanting to get close enough to hear what they were saying, when my outstretched foot suddenly met empty air.  I toppled forward, my hands grasping desperately at smooth rock walls as I pitched down a wooden staircase.  I let my body go limp, which helped lessen the shock, but the final impact onto the ground at the bottom of the stairs still knocked the wind out of me.
As I lay there, clenching my teeth together to keep from groaning, I heard quiet footsteps approaching.  Someone put a hand on my head, feeling along my skull.  I angrily shoved the hand off.
“Shhh, Joanna.  It’s me,” whispered Pam.  Grunting with the effort, she pulled me to my feet.
I swayed precariously, but managed to stay upright, fighting off a desire to vomit.  
“Joanna, you should have stayed by the fence.”
“I did.  But Micah Levy showed up.”
Pam gasped.  “Micah Levy?  That awful man with the cane?  What’s he doing here?  Where is he now?”
I leaned against the wall behind me, gingerly feeling my arms and legs for any broken bones.  I seemed to be in one piece.  “He’s at the bottom of that old septic tank.”
“Dear Lord!  Is he dead?”
“I don’t know.  He was hiding in the basement somewhere.  He grabbed me and tried to throw me into the pit, but I managed to push him into it instead.  There was no sound coming from the pit when I crawled passed it.  So he’s either dead or unconscious.  Either way, I don’t think we have to worry about him.  It’s unlikely he can climb out.”
 “Well, that’s good, I guess,” said Pam. “We’ve got enough to worry about.  Where’s Delilah?”
“She’s . . .” I bit my lip, tears welling up in my eyes.  “She’s injured.  I had to leave her behind.”
“Oh, Joanna, I’m so sorry.”
“She’ll be okay,” I said with more confidence than I felt.  “We’ll go back for her after we’ve found Ming.”
 Pam patted my shoulder.  “Listen, Joanna.  We’re in a kind of narrow passageway built between two brick walls.  My house has something similar on the ground floor.  It’s a servant’s corridor.  Back a hundred years or more the servants in the house could serve food or light a fire in the fireplaces, getting from room to room by means of these passageways.  It kept them out of sight of the owners of the house.  There's a door down at the end of the passageway.  It’s shut, but I could hear Catherine Lowell arguing with someone on the other side of it.  Joanna, they mentioned Ming!  She’s somewhere nearby.  In this building.  Alive!”
I sagged against the wall, my knees trembling.  Alive.  Ming was alive.  I let out a breath which I felt like I’d been holding for days.  
“There seems to be only two of them,” whispered Pam.  “So, unless they’re armed I don't think they can be much of a threat.  The person Catherine is arguing with sounds very young.  A teenager, I think.  Also, he sounds very doped up, if you know what I mean.  I'm pretty sure the marijuana you can smell in here is coming from him.”
She paused, waiting for a response from me.
I leaned my head against the wall, trying to think.  We had to act quickly.  If Catherine was here then sooner or later Brandon would show up.  
“Do you think we should go back through the tunnel and call the police?” asked Pam.
I shook my head, instantly regretting the motion.  I clamped my hands to the side of my head and tried to focus.  “No.  It will take too long.  We need to get Ming out of here now, while it’s only Catherine and the boy we have to deal with.”
“All right,” said Pam, somewhat doubtfully.  “I guess the first thing to do is determine if the door at the end of the passageway is locked.  I was trying to peer through the crack.  I couldn’t see much, but I did notice that the deadbolt wasn’t on.  If we can get through, I’ll head straight for Catherine.  Try to knock her down or something.  I have to warn you, I’m not very athletic, but I think if I can distract Catherine’s attention away from the boy that he might bolt.  He seems cowed by her when she's screaming at him, but I get the feeling that he’d run away pretty quickly if she wasn't watching him.”
“Okay,” I said.  “Sounds like a plan.  Let’s go.”
“Joanna,” said Pam, “why don’t you wait here?”
“No,” I said firmly.  “I may not be much use in a fight, but you’ll need me to help carry Ming when we find her.  She has a broken ankle, and she might be in bad shape.  She’s been missing for three days now.”
Pam sighed but didn't argue.  She took my arm and we made our way slowly down the passage.  The voices on the other side of the wall got louder, and soon I could make out words.
"Five thousand dollars," Catherine Lowell said, her voice tense and shrill.  "It would take a lazy good-for-nothing like you ten years to make that much money.  I can't for the life of me understand why you won't take it."
The boy mumbled something I couldn't catch.  Pam put a hand on my shoulder to bring me to a halt.  We had reached the door.  The scent of lilac and marijuana mingled together in a sickly-sweet dance.  
"Well?" asked Catherine imperiously.  "Explain to me why you won't take the money."
"Not a murderer," said the boyish voice, slurring the words.
I clenched my hands.  They had to be talking about Ming.  
"What do you mean, not a murderer?" asked Catherine.  "You didn't have any qualms about pushing Joanna Adelman into Boston harbor."  
"That was just a joke," responded the boy.  "Dude who paid me said he'd fish her out."
“Well this is not a joke,” said Catherine.  “And believe me, I’m not joking when I say that if you don’t do this I’ll see to it that you spend the next ten years in jail.  I have friends in the Boston police department who will be only too happy to pin a few unsolved crimes on you.”
The boy’s answer was so mumbled I couldn’t make it out.  
“I don’t give a damn what your mother would say,” snapped Catherine.  “Now, go take care of the problem.  Once it’s done I’ll give you the money.  In cash.”
I could hear footsteps coming toward us.  The click of high heels.  Catherine was heading straight for the door.  Pam put a warning hand on my arm, moving me behind her.  The latch of the door clicked open and a funnel of cold air blew into the passageway.  There was a sudden movement next to me and a cry from Catherine.  I realized that Pam had shoved on the door, hitting Catherine with it.
Pam grabbed my arm and pulled me through the door.  Moans were coming from the floor at my feet.
“My arm,” gasped Catherine.  “You’ve broken my arm.”
“Dear me,” said Pam coldly.  “How unfortunate.”
“Where’s Ming?” I demanded.  “Where is she Catherine?  We know you have her hidden somewhere in this building.”
Catherine launched into a string of groans and obscenities.
“I’ll show you,” said a slurred voice next to me, taking me completely by surprise.  I had expected the boy to be long gone by now.
“C’mon,” he said, plucking at the sleeve of my jacket.
“Do you think we can trust him?” asked Pam.
“I don’t know,” I said, reaching out until I’d found her arm.  “But it’ll be faster than searching the whole property ourselves.  Follow him.”
Catherine screamed invective after us, but we were soon out of earshot as the boy led us along a confusing maze of corridors, the scent of marijuana trailing behind him like breadcrumbs.  I lost all sense of where we were.  We walked for so long that it didn’t seem possible that we could still be inside the Phillips Street property.  We didn’t climb any stairs, staying instead at the basement level.  I could smell damp earth, mold, and traces of heating oil from an old boiler.  I wondered if the network of passageways we were negotiating connected all the houses on the street.  Maybe we would pop up in someone’s laundry room.
Pam gave a sudden cry of pain.
I stopped.  “Are you all right?”
“I’m fine,” she said.  “Silly me, I just stubbed my toe.  I’m not used to walking around in my stocking feet.  And these stone floors are bone-chilling.”
“Oh, right.  I forgot.”  Pam had kicked her shoes off at the entrance to the tunnel.  “Why don’t you wear my boots for a while?  I have wool socks on.”
“No, don’t be silly.  I can manage.  It’s good for me.  Maybe it’ll toughen me up a little.”  She took my arm again.  “Come on, let’s get going.  The boy didn’t wait for us, and he’s almost out of sight.”


*	*	*	*


“He must be here somewhere,” said Pam in frustration.  “We weren’t that far behind him.”
We were lost.  The boy had disappeared in a cloud of pot smoke.  We had tried following the smell for a while, but the scent was so omnipresent that he seemed to be everywhere and nowhere.  I was getting increasingly worried.  The more time we wasted wandering around the worse it would be, both for Ming and for us.  Catherine might have a broken arm, but that wouldn’t stop her from phoning Brandon, or one of her crooked cops.  I pulled Pam to a halt.
“What is it?” asked Pam.  
“I want you to go on without me,” I said, dropping her arm and putting a hand on the brick wall of the passageway to steady myself.  “You’ll be able to search much faster.  I’ll stay right here.  As soon as you find Ming come get me and we’ll carry her between us.”
“Oh, Joanna, I don’t think that’s such a good idea.  What if . . .?”
“It’s the best chance for getting ourselves and Ming out of here quickly.  Before Catherine has a chance to call in reinforcements.  She’s probably done so already.  You heard her talking to the boy.  She wants to kill Ming.  We have to hurry.”
Pam patted my arm.  “All right.  I’ll do it.  I just hate leaving you here.”
“I’ll be okay.”  I hitched up my winter coat and fished my cell phone out of the front pocket of my jeans.  “I’m going to call Roger and Phillipa.  Maybe they can round up a few police officers who aren’t on Catherine’s payroll.”
“Why don’t you just call 911?  This certainly qualifies as an emergency.”
“Because Catherine’s already convinced a judge to deny the police access to this property without a warrant.  She talked to the judge only a few hours ago, right after those Saint-Gaudens bas-reliefs were found.”
“Well, whatever you think best.  I’ll be as quick as I can.”
The patter of her stocking feet faded away down the passage.  I slid down the wall and sat with my back against it.  Somewhere nearby water dripped rhythmically onto the stone floor.  I flipped open the phone and felt along the raised numbers.
“Phil, it’s me.”
“Couldn’t sleep either?” asked Phillipa.  “I’ve been lying here staring at the damn clock.  It’s four a.m.  Only another couple of hours and we can start the process for that warrant.”
“Never mind that,” I said impatiently.  “Phil, do you remember that detective we spoke to when I was in the hospital after getting pushed into Boston harbor?  What was his name?”
“Gutierrez”
“Right.  Gutierrez.  See if you can contact him.  He’s with the North End precinct.  Try to convince him to go to the Lowell’s construction site.”
There was a pause on Phillipa’s end.  I could almost hear her thoughts churning suspiciously.  
“Joanna Adelman, what is going on?  Where are you?”
“Phil, I’ve got to go.  Just try to get hold of Detective Gutierrez.”
I hung up.  I had Phillipa’s number on speed dial, but Roger was a different story.  I didn’t often call him at home.  I was intent on trying to remember his phone number when my cell was suddenly jerked from my hand.
“Let’s see here.  Who has Joanna been talking to?”  
My breath caught in my throat.  It was Brandon.
“What a crazy phone,” he said.  “It doesn’t have any screen.  Though I suppose someone who can’t see their hand in front of their face doesn’t need one.”
I felt a whoosh of air in front of my face.  Brandon had undoubtedly waved his hand near my nose.  It was a joke he never seemed to tire of.  I slowly got to my feet, keeping my back against the wall.
“Where’s the last number redial on this thing?  Never mind.  Got it.”
I heard Phillipa’s voice buzz out of the phone’s tiny speaker.  The sound was suddenly cut off.  Brandon had hung up.
“Seriously?” said Brandon.  “That’s your idea of a rescue party?  Don’t get me wrong.  Phil’s a tough old gal, but if she shows up here I’ll swat her down like a fly.  I’m in a swatting mood, and all the pests down here are starting to get on my nerves.  Mom says there’s two of you wandering around on our property.  Apparently you managed to convince some old broad from the Archives docent pool to come down here in the middle of the night.  Where is she Joanna?”
I didn’t answer.
Brandon sighed.  “As cooperative as ever, aren’t you?”  He put one hand on the back of my neck and propelled me forward along the passage.  


*	*	*	*


“Joanna!”
I started toward the sound of Pam’s voice, but Brandon grabbed a fistful of my hair, jerking me to a halt.
“Well, this is convenient,” he said.  “All the flies in one place.  Certainly makes extermination easier.”
I noticed that the echoes of his voice didn't carry very far.  We’d left the passage and were in some kind of enclosed space.  It was hot and there was a strong smell of heating oil.  Something nearby emitted mechanical bangs and creaks.  An old boiler by the sound of it.
“Joanna, Ming is here,” said Pam.  “She’s lying on the floor, over in the corner.  She’s alive.”
I heard a weak cough and Ming's voice whisper my name, then silence.  She sounded like she was in bad shape.  I ground my teeth in fury, wondering if she'd had any food or water in the last three days.
“Yeah, she’s alive,” said Brandon.  “Thought she might come in handy.  Joanna was so intent on poking her nose into our business that I decided we needed some insurance.  I figured we could get you to back off if we threatened to kill poor little Ming.  Mom had other ideas.  She wanted to ransom her off, squeeze some money out of her family.  But it turns out they’re just as poor as old Joanna here.  Ming goes to Harvard on a scholarship.  A scholarship!”  He spat out the last word as if he’d bitten into a worm-infested apple.  “All that hassle, bringing her back here from New York.  Turns out we didn’t even need her.  Mom says those sculptures in the basement are worth a fortune.  No need for hostages when you’ve got stuff you can take to Sotheby's and auction off to Chinese billionaires.  They're really into Americana right now.”
I snorted contemptuously, trying to ignore the pain in my head.  Brandon was pulling so hard on my hair it felt like it was coming free of the scalp.  "There's no way you and Catherine are going to be holding any auctions," I said.  "The police are on their way right now to arrest both of you."
Brandon laughed and shook me from side to side like a rag doll.  "Nice try, Joanna.  But you and I both know that's a crock.  Mom has a good chunk of the Boston police department in her back pocket.  Not to mention half the judges in town and every rich bitch on Beacon Hill."
Pam emitted a delicate huff.  "I assure you," she said, "this is one rich bitch who is not in Catherine Lowell's pocket."
I felt Brandon stiffen in anger.  “Well then you’re not much use, are you?” he said.
 He started toward Pam, dragging me with him.
"Pam, run!" I yelled, hooking my leg around Brandon's.  He crashed to the ground, landing right on top of me.  I cried out in agony as one of my ribs broke.  Under Brandon's furious swearing I could hear the quiet patter of feet running away.  At least Pam will get out of this alive, I thought woozily as Brandon rolled off me.  At first I thought he was going to go after Pam, but he grabbed me by my hair again and yanked me to my feet.  
His hands closed around my throat.  I pulled desperately at his fingers, but it was no use.  I was on the edge of unconsciousness when Brandon suddenly roared in anger.  Something had hit him from behind.  The blow glanced briefly off my own shoulder.  It felt like a wooden board.
"Joanna, the doorway is to your left, about ten steps away," cried Pam.  "Run!"
There was a loud crack as wood met bone and Brandon screamed in pain.  His grip on me loosened and I wriggled free.  I felt Pam's thin hand in mine as she pulled me away from him.  We might have made it, but my head was spinning and I couldn’t stay on my feet.  I tottered and fell.
Brandon was on top of me immediately, his hands again on my throat.  I felt Pam trying fruitlessly to pry his fingers off me.  I fought the instinct to do the same and instead fumbled for the zippered pocket of my coat.  My arm was partly trapped under Brandon, but I managed to get inside the pocket just as I started to lose consciousness.  I yanked out the kitchen knife and plunged it into his side.



Chapter Sixteen



“Well, it’s about time.”
“Phil?”  I tried to sit up, but was wracked by a fit of coughing.  A wad of tissues was placed in my hand.  I coughed up a sticky glob of something into the tissues and collapsed back onto the pillow.
“Yes, it’s me,” said Phillipa.  “The doctor told me you’d be awake and coherent – coherent was his exact word – soon.  Soon was also his exact word.  So, like a fool, I believed him.  I’ve been sitting here waiting for you to say something coherent for hours.”
“You might have to wait a while longer,” I said, fighting off another coughing fit.  I ran my hand over the blanket covering me, catching one of my fingers in a familiar rip caused by Delilah’s claws.  “Where am I?”
“At home,” said Phillipa.  “They released you from the hospital yesterday.  They kept you overnight, checked your lungs, taped up your ribcage and gave you oxygen.  Basically they said you’re okay.  The best way to recover is just to rest.”
“What about Ming and Pam?” I asked.
“Pam’s fine.  I have to hand it to her.  She might look like a Chanel-suited hothouse flower, but she certainly came through in a pinch.”
“And Ming?”
“Ming is still in surgery.”
“Surgery!  What . . .” I started to rise but Phillipa pushed me back again.  
“Damn it, woman.  Stop that.  I’m too tired to keep fighting with you.  I’ve haven’t slept for almost two days now.  As soon as I’m sure you’re okay I’m going to indulge in a nice long nap.”
“But Ming . . .”
“Ming is going to be all right.  She’s in surgery for her ankle.  It was badly broken, and they’re putting metal rods in it to hold the bones in place.  I gather the rods will be permanent.  She’s going to have to put up with a lifetime of being searched at airport security.”
I felt a lump well up in my throat.  “So, she’ll be able to walk okay?”
“Oh, sure.  Granted, she’ll have to go through a whole bunch of physical therapy.  But sure, she’ll eventually walk just fine.”
“What about her fencing?”
Phillipa was silent.
“Phil?  What about her fencing?”
Phillipa patted me on the shoulder.  “No,” she said quietly.  “She’ll not be able to fence anymore.  I asked the doctor about it, because I know how much it means to her.  He said the metal rods they’re putting in will hold the ankle too rigid.  It won’t bend enough for those deep lunges they do.”
I was silent for a long time, picking aimlessly at the rip in the blanket.  
“Joanna,” Phillipa finally said, “just be grateful she’s alive.  It’s a miracle you all managed to get out of there.”
I nodded, trying to clear the lump in my throat.  “She had hopes of competing in the Olympics, you know.  On the Israeli fencing team.  She thought another two years of hard work would get her a place on the team.  It’s tough to give up on a big dream like that, especially when you’re young.”
Phillipa sighed.  “I know.”
We sat in silence for a while.  I heard the bedroom door creak and a familiar nose pushed its way into my hand.  I gave a sob of relief and patted the blanket.  Delilah jumped up and plopped her seventy pounds of furry comfort right on top of me.  
“Get off, you silly animal,” I said, gritting my teeth to keep from crying out.  The pain in my ribcage was agonizing.  Phillipa shoved Delilah over to the side of the bed.
“Are you okay?” she asked.  “I should have headed her off.”
“I’m all right,” I said through clenched teeth.  I lay still for a bit, trying unsuccessfully to take some deep breaths.  At my side Delilah was whining and nosing at my hand.  Eventually my breathing returned to normal and I patted her head.  “Silly mutt.  You’re going on a diet first thing tomorrow.  You must be the fattest guide dog in the city.”
Phillipa chuckled.  “Don’t be too hard on her.  She’s got a lump the size of a chicken egg on top of her head.”
I felt gingerly along Delilah’s head.  Phillipa wasn’t kidding about the lump.  “Poor thing,” I said.  “I take it back.  You’re not a silly mutt.  You’re a brave mutt.”  I turned toward Phillipa.  “She went after Micah Levy, you know.  Micah was down there, in the basement of the Lowell’s construction site.  It was like I suspected – he and Brandon had teamed up.  He attacked me, but Delilah went for him like a hound from hell.  I think she bit him.”
“Oh yeah,” said Phillipa.  “She got him good.  Took a chunk out of his calf.”
 “What happened to him?” I asked.  “The last thing I remember he was at the bottom of an old septic tank.  Did they arrest him?”
“Not exactly,” said Phillipa.  “He was off his head when they found him in that pit.  Babbling nonsense.  He’s just too far gone to stand trial.  I think they’re going to drop all charges against him.  His mind is gone.  They checked him into the psych ward at Mass General.  It’s unlikely he’ll ever leave.  It's sad, but personally I can't dredge up much sympathy for him.  Not after all the damage he's done.  So,” she said briskly, patting my hand, “we don’t need to worry about him ever again.  Good riddance.  Good riddance to those blasted Gostynins, too.  If I never hear that name again it will be too soon.  I wish Cyrus felt the same way.  He’s still digging up trouble, damn the man.”
“Cyrus Jackson?” I asked.  “Is he still after that property at 22 Phillips Street?”
“Oh yes.  And his chances have greatly increased now that Brandon is dead.”
I froze.  At the back of my mind I had known this was likely, but I hadn’t wanted to admit it to myself.  I had killed someone.  The silence dragged on until Phillipa finally spoke.
“Joanna, I know what you’re doing.  You’re beating yourself up about it.  Well, just cut it out.  You had no choice.  He was going to kill you.  And Pam.  And Ming.  He was a monster.  Just no moral compass at all.  Of course, I can’t help blaming Catherine in part for that.  Yes, he was an adult and responsible for his own actions, but look what kind of an example his mother set.  She’s been arrested, you know.”
“Well, that’s something to be grateful for,” I said.  “I was afraid she’d manage to weasel her way out of trouble.  Pull some strings like she always does.”
“Oh, she tried,” said Phillipa.  “Believe me, she tried.  But her friends in high places have been deserting her right and left.  Pam had a lot to do with that.  Catherine’s not the only person in Boston with a large bank account and a lot of pull.”
Phillipa's chair creaked as she stood up.  "Now," she said, patting me on the shoulder, "you get some rest.  I'll cook you up a bowl of chicken soup.  That’ll go down easier than your grandma’s leftover octopus balls.  Oh, I should warn you, your grandma has become friends with an Indian lady from New Dehli who’s just moved in next door to you.  They've been swapping recipes.  If I were you I'd stock up on some Pepto-Bismol.  Your grandma has decided her new hobby is Japanese-Indian fusion cuisine.”




Post Hoc Publishing
Boston, MA
www.posthocpub.com




Other books by Kris Langman
The Danger Next Door
Logic to the Rescue
Castles and Chemistry

