

Another New York Murder
Chris Shepherdson

Smashwords edition

Copyright Chris Shepherdson 2010



Smashwords Edition, License Notes
 

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.




Part One

Julian Jones
 


DIVA GETS THE FEVER
By Julian Jones
Pop diva and part-time actress Leslie Cherry was seen last night parading her wares around the hottest clubs on the strip, among them, The Dog House, The Breakfast Bar, and Norman’s.
 Throughout the night she was seen with several gentleman callers and retired several times to the notorious ‘backrooms’ of the establishments for a little bit of you-know-what with god-knows-who.
The Golden Globe winner was then seen in a passionate embrace with soap actress Gwendoline Peach who has recently been romantically linked with rapper I.F. only currently serving 60 days in prison for various gun and drug charges. 
The shenanigans really took a turn for the raunchy when the newly formed couple took in a sample of the alternative club The Prodigal Son’s. Here they were seen openly engaging in hard-core sexual behavior as well as doing a variety of hard drugs. 
The evening concluded with Cherry and former New York Governor and vice-presidential candidate Bob Nale leaving in one of Nale’s legendary Ferraris. 
The last few months have certainly been eventful for Nale, firstly with allegations of illegal campaign contributions coming from his Colombian business associates, many of whom were recently assassinated in rumored drug wars, rumors of cocaine addiction and sexual battery which severely damaged lifelong friend Henry C. Welles’ hopes of office, followed by a messy divorce after a brief marriage to former model and former actress Lisa Sheldon where the words domestic violence, cocaine addiction, embezzlement, child abuse were mentioned along with numerous affairs and eventually, marriage to disgraced reporter Mandy Tick, twenty years his junior. Recently Nale has been defending himself, despite being disbarred, on charges of tax fraud, forgery and insider trading.     
  A spokesperson for Cherry, meanwhile, said she was depressed at the bad publicity she has been receiving lately regarding a string of affairs with older men and her involvement in the suspicious death of legendary film-director Javier Desplanque as well as her fledgling film career. “She just wanted a night away from it all where she could kick her heels up like a normal person,” the spokesperson added.
A night when she was seen taking drugs, publicly fornicating and going home with a powder keg of scandal does not seem to this reporter to be normal person behavior. Judging by Cherry’s recent track record with sexual partners and Nale’s taste for much younger women, this looks well and truly like a match made in tabloid heaven.

Julian Jones still had it. It was good, he thought as he sat back proudly, adjusted himself and recalled how foolish they had all been. This was to be the character-building episode of his memoirs. The period following his arrest and trial. The shunning from his family and friends. All on account of being somebody’s fool. This was a story of great triumph interlaced with great tragedy and now he was back in the game. Sure, it wasn’t the New York Player but what more could he do. He was going gonzo on The LA Phantom, a tiny scandal rag but it was his ticket back. He envisaged the tickertape parade of kudos and accolade as he was driven down the streets of adulation in his convertible of comeback.
Julian Jones always thought like this in moments of despair and this was one of those moments. An Olympic sized swimming pool of disgrace and scandal that required laps and laps before he could get out and towel himself down. He had pulled himself out of the gutter only to park himself back there again. He couldn’t face his friends or family and he knew they wouldn’t want to face him. It had been over and it felt much worse now because he had tasted it. It was like he had been invited to a society ball under false pretences and then they realized he wasn’t one of them and threw him into the streets.
These are the inner monologues Julian would frequently have to give situations some sort of balance. His bi-polar demeanor had the classic foot in the fridge and hand in the oven to maintain a consistent temperature feeling that he used to justify what was going on in his head. A self-justified schizophrenia brought on by insecurity. A substitution for responsibility.
He now lived in a shit-hole of an apartment with no redeeming features. This place looked like a cheap motel room. He entertained himself by watching bad TV on an old wood paneled set and listened to the worst of country and western because it was the only thing on the radio that wasn’t Spanish or a preacher telling us how God was going to fuck us all over in ways described in the back of the Bible unless we picked up that phone and sent money. Deep inside himself he already knew that whatever former boss or girlfriend he had discarded who was now in charge of hell a reservation had made for him under some four letter word with few polite alternatives.
His bed was the sort of thing he would have been ashamed to let a dog sleep on. The kitchen was covered in that peculiar brown substance that always seems to be in poor people’s houses. The bathroom was even worse. The toilet couldn’t have been any worse that what Julian put inside it once a day. After sitting back and studying this place Julian could be excused for checking to see which four-letter word he was checked in under.
When he looked in the mirror now it got harder to look past what his face had become to how he envisaged it. The map that was forming showed clear directions to his decline. Others may not see it but to Julian it was clear. The eyes carried a shame for the rest of his deteriorating body. His clothes still fit but with more effort now.
Julian Jones deserved only one word and he didn’t want to think of what that was.
It hadn’t always been like this though.



Julian Jones awoke to the sound of ambient music coming from his overly chic looking clock radio and lay back in his soft cotton sheets and knew that this would be a great day. The music seemed to come from outside as it collaborated with the golden glow of the morning light to fill the room. He had been up late last night burying corrupt politicians and he knew that his editors at the New York Player would be ecstatic. 
Julian Jones was a true product of the eighties still making it in the late nineties. He definitely preferred the eighties though. A former friend had once commented that Julian living in the nineties was like Jane Austen living in Nazi Germany. Whatever that meant. It didn’t really matter. In his business it didn’t really matter what anything meant, just how it sounded. 
Julian found it almost eerie how he and The Player were like some sort of long lost twins whose lives were driving down the same road in different countries.
He was one of the Player’s first scribes. He bought an apartment the same week it outsold the Post for the first time. He met the girl of his dreams the day he got the scoop that the Mayor’s daughter was a lesbian smack addict. His BMW was repossessed the day The Player went into receivership and now he was going to get back on top and put the Player back in the picture.
Back in the day Julian Jones was the man. He loved his matching letters. Just like Walter Winchell. A man he longed to be compared to. The Times had offered him a post but the Player was his. He was a legend around the office and he enhanced that legend as best that he could. He tried to fuck every female in the office any way he could and anywhere he shouldn’t have. He spoke in his own lexicon only his closest intimates understood. He claimed to have made up several words that had entered every day speech. He wore the most expensive suits imaginable. He drank copious amounts just to say he was a drunk and a scoundrel. He worked legendary hours and sometimes didn’t leave the office for days yet still always looked sharp. He abused newcomers and respected them if they didn’t resign. He blatantly made up gossip and innuendo just to see how far it could spread. He ran for mayor but pulled out of the race when stories that he made up about him killing a prostitute began to garner negative press. He used to collect lawsuits against himself for the publicity. He made friends with gangsters. Etc. etc. etc. He was no ordinary reporter. He was no ordinary man. He belonged to another era but had never worked in one until now. The worst day of his life was when he and Hunter S Thompson attended the same party. It meant there was a writer in the room who was wilder, more famous, more legendary and above all, though he would never admit it if he thought it at all which he probably didn’t, better.
Julian was what was known as a scoop journalist as opposed to a feature writer. He was the sort of guy who had to get the breaking stories. He had to be out there doing the legwork and finding out what was going on. No opinions. No pontificating. Just the facts, and the facts first. He had to be there first and then the rest would fall in behind and lick at the heels of the scooper. The scooper could then permanently preface the story with ‘...as reported in\by... .’ 
This is the game that Julian Jones had to play. He was regarded as a glorified gossip columnist, as it was the easiest place to get a scoop in New York. While this was true, he desperately wanted to be in the big leagues. He was always trying to get that big story.
The turn of the century meant a lot of things to a lot of people. For Julian it meant that he would desperately try to get invited to the best party on New Year’s Eve where he would schmooze with the best type of celebrities, New York Celebrities.
New York Celebrities were artists, writers and critics. Intelligent, interesting people. People just like Julian Jones. 
He always seemed to get in to these parties and would proceed to indulge in legendary exploits such as drinking his weight in hard liquor, insulting everyone in earshot, maybe throw a glass or two at a wall just for dramatic effect and then leave knowing that later that night some Pulitzer prize winner somewhere was saying to his artificially, preserved pseudo-intellectual wife “My, isn’t that Julian Jones a scoundrel!”
Julian never had any trouble being denied access to the A-list parties, as every doorman in town knew who he was and what he could do. Once, a poor black doorman denied him access to a party. The man stood unmoved as Julian unleashed all the fury of the Queen’s fucked up racist cousin’s English on this poor chap. But when that didn’t work he went home and went to work.
 The next day, The Player ran a front-page story saying that an African American doorman had been questioned in relation to an illegal drug trade in Manhattan.
It was alleged he was trading drugs for sex with known pimps and allowing them into celebrity parties where they were putting well-known actresses on the payroll for the right price. For just $20 000 a night the average Joe can make like a mogul and fuck a real life movie star. JJ also threw in references to a recent stalking murder of a Grammy winning singer as well as congressman, policeman and businessman all covered in fleas from sleeping with too many dogs.     
This was his power. This was what he was capable of and he knew that they knew and that helped in some small part to feed his ego. Put the word on the street that Julian Jones is a man who will fuck with everyone. And how.

Julian stepped out of his apartment building and was careful not to get his new shoes dirty. The sun was out and it wasn’t too hot so he decided to walk to work. Besides the fact that he could do with the exercise, he walked so he could smoke and be recognized. He used to own a car, just because nobody else did, but he walked one day when it was in the shop and somebody recognized him and ever since he has swam against the tide of people spawning up Broadway while enjoying his own company.
He remembered his father once telling him a story about seeing James Cagney walking in New York and now as Julian walked he interpreted every stranger’s hesitation and refusal to participate in the anonymous herding as recognition of Julian Jones.
He checked his reflection as he walked, in shop windows and on clean cars and would even cross the road at times to see the reflection front on in a subtle way. He pictured how he must look to others in his magnificent pin stripe suit and a red tie that was the work of art that the suit framed. He gave himself a regal stride and an air of importance so even some philistine who wasn’t to recognize him would smell the aroma of importance drifting from him.
Julian arrived at The Player offices -in the Flatiron building no less. They were on the third floor and Julian always took the stairs. He walked in, past a row of cubicles, ignoring greetings along the way and arrived at his office. The rest of the offices were open plan, but not JJ’s. His was the only office where nobody could see in or out. He liked it that way. 
He relaxed into his soft leather chair and began checking his email. He had cycled through four or five junk emails when Jack Snitzer walked in his door.
Julian’s welcome to him was as warm as ever.
“What problem do you have with knocking that you can fucking walk in here whenever you want?”
Jack was as grand old a newspaperman as one could get. He was old, crusty, thrice divorced and permanently pissed off. He founded The Player for something to do, because he needed the money and because New York needed a scandal rag about a corporate world that was exploding. Something got lost in the translation and it now printed anything that wasn’t 100% libelous or 150% boring. Julian Jones thrived in this atmosphere.
Back in the day Jack would have been the equal of Julian.
He had probably devoured more scotch in his life than any man in history and his legendary behavior was such that he was banned from nearly every newspaper in town so he became a novelist. He had the good fortune to win a Pulitzer and everyone has heard about it since. He failed to point out, however, that it was the only half-decent book he ever wrote. He told his friends he was going to Vietnam but really went to Bangkok and indulged in drugs and whores and wrote indecipherable books about the loss of the American dream.
Upon his return he took up house in Greenwich Village and snorted so much cocaine that he now walked with an exaggerated gait. He was also arrested twice for possession and once for carrying a concealed weapon.
Julian knew that deep down Jack saw himself in him. Julian thought Jack was a buffoon but did admire his ability to survive. Julian definitely didn’t want to turn out like him. Jack had too much of the pathetic failure in him. He saw himself as an equal of Norman Mailer; really he was just a French Impressionist without the talent. Julian had panache and class. Jack had a pacemaker and a criminal record.
Jack still got plenty of play though. Julian was pretty sure that he was fucking his receptionist as well as one of the cleaning women. Julian labored to find out what they could possibly see in him. It must have been the Pulitzer or the bullshit war hero stories he told to people who didn’t know any better. Maybe it was his voice. He did have a good voice that sounded like Sean Connery if he had have been a New Yorker and smoked more times a day than he blinked.
“Drop the attitude JJ and tell me everything between your ears about Bob Nale.”
“VP candidate. World champion pants man. Child of the sixties, i.e. white-collar junkie. He collects Ferraris and loose women and I’ve just kicked his ass.”
“Yes….I saw your piece of shit. It fucking rocks and rolls but you’re fighting out of your division on this one.” 
 Jack was one of the few people who would dare say that something like that to JJ. Everyone knew that JJ was the heavyweight of heavyweights and there was no fish too big to put in the pan. He was also the only one who would dare call Julian JJ.
“I don’t fight out of my division Jack, people come and fight in mine. This guy Nale is the worst of the worst and I’ve seen some bad ones. He puts campaign contributions straight into his pocket and the people have to know.  A lot of very important people in this town have opened their wallets for Welles. I’ve never seen so many moths flying around. 
Welles was the great white hope come next November but this stupid dick has gone and fucked it all up.
I’ve taken down bigger fish than this before. You better fucking believe it and Nale is the next in a long line. He should feel privileged. On this coast, everyone knows that me doing apiece like this is the equivalent of getting a star on Hollywood Boulevard.”
“JJ, I’ve won the Pulitzer and I’ve never had a crack at a runner.”
“Well I am. I think I can do it.”
“JJ, you’ve got to remember that whatever gets printed I wear it.”
“Bullshit. Everyone knows that whatever gets printed under my by-line might as well be in another paper.”
“Really.”
“I’ve done much more hard-core stuff than this before and never been touched.”
“Yeah well…”
“Come on Jack. This is a grand slam. A banner with my name on it and we’ll sell 
500 k.”
“You think so do you?”
The air in the room was suddenly thick with ego and there were no two finer men to adapt to the conditions. Julian threw the opening pitch
“Jack. We both know that I keep this fucking rag afloat.”
“Not any more. This rag only exists because of my reputation”
“Jack, it exists despite of it.”
“Where’s your Pulitzer? Where else have you worked? This is still your first job, which I gave you. Don’t forget that.”
“Don’t forget that I took the circulation into the fucking stratosphere”
“Then back down again”
“Hey things change. Look at how many people saw Titanic. Go outside and fire a cannon down Broadway and you’d be lucky to hit someone who liked it and who didn’t deserve to get hit.”
“As usual you make no fucking sense”
“Good. Just run the fucking story and you don’t have to listen to any more of my bullshit.”
“I just don’t think it’s worth it”
“Why the fuck not? Don’t give me another display of your blatant off-hookery”
“They just won’t care. They don’t want this kind of thing anymore.”
There it was.
He might as well have come out and said that he was a dinosaur and he just wasn’t the writer he used to be and that back in the day, things were great but now, things had changed and the playing fields were different yaddah yadddah yaddah. These were not things a man turning forty wanted to hear. He had a wife and kids to feed.
True, the wife was his insatiable vanity and the kids were his numerous addictions from designer suits to designer drugs but they needed to be supported and looked after.   
  Jack was still in his office and still talking about what they did and didn’t want but and there were a few more mentions of the Pulitzer and finally he left and JJ was suddenly alone. He had never felt like this. 
The story wasn’t going to run at all. Jack didn’t think it was a hot story and he wasn’t going to run it. Julian’s self-defensive paranoia kicked in and it was telling him that Jack was a pussy and he was scared of Julian. Or maybe he was old pals with Nale. It just seemed odd to Julian that he was getting no run at all. True, there had been mention of Nale in previous editions and true, nobody seemed to care but surely this was a story. Could it be that an unsuccessful - thanks to Julian - presidential candidate can become yesterday’s news so fast. He found a strange solace in the fact that Jack had said it was a good story. 
He suddenly felt like the immature cousin everybody seems to have who we all think is the coolest person in the world when we are young but as we get older the urge to shout ”Grow up you stupid fuck!” gets stronger and stronger.
“Politics is show business” Jack went on “They care about the people, the stars. They don’t want to cut this deep. They don’t understand the machinations. They don’t care and they never will. As long as they’ve got money in their pockets and this guy says he’ll keep it there then that’s all they care about.
Was Julian that out of touch? He knew he was smarter than the average but he didn’t think people were really that stupid.    
The rest of Julian’s day was spent thinking over and over. He had been at this paper for 15 years. That was one hell of a long time. That itself was a complete contradiction to the rest of his life. He didn’t own anything that was 15 years old and he had no friends who had been friends for that long, (except for famous people). He definitely couldn’t imagine himself being with a girl that long (except Michelle maybe. Then again probably not). In fact there was not one thing that had been in his life 15 years ago that was here now. No thoughts. No likes or dislikes. No friends. No tastes, passions or ambitions. The only things that were the same were his parents and The Player and that scared him. Sure there were small insignificant things like the vanity and the smoking and drinking and womanizing and general debauchery. But no grand plans and no manifestos of life living. Nothing remained intact from his nearly four decades worth of living.
 Life is too short he thought. He had travelled a little bit but it hadn’t done anything for him. He had been married once but that was a joke. He was divorced now and liked the sound of that. He was a lover of music but contemporary music changed more than he did. He often wondered how a decade that heralded Nirvana and Pearl Jam would reach its autumn to the tuneless and uninspiring Backstreet Boys and Nsync. His love of movies was soured by the lack of a modern day Bogart or Hitchcock and the abundance of Hanks and Ron Howard. He drew a parallel when recently he wrote a piece on how much garbage Hollywood was producing and the words Kubrick and Bogart were highlighted by Microsoft Word as unrecognized words while Hanks and Van Damme weren’t. VAN FUCKING DAMME.
His favorite was still KFC as a suggestion for Kafka. 
His sparsely decorated, mostly white apartment was no longer seen as classy and understated but as boring and sterile. His blatant excess was seen as ostentatious. His love of power lunches and magnificent suits was out of place amongst the open collared poppy-seed covered breakfast set. His prodigious womanizing and hard drinking was just seen as childish. An Oscar nominee recently told him with a straight face that she was searching for the orgasm within. Julian offered to give her one within 5 minutes day in day out. She slapped him hard with the back of her hand and then, two days later, a lawsuit.  
Julian was the mayor who was desperately trying for re-election. He had a list of policies the people couldn’t relate to any more. He was surrounded by a staff that wasn’t there to help him, just to nostalge about what a gun he once was and a blunt knife he had become.
Before he knew it the day was gone. He had achieved absolutely nothing other than to mentally distance himself from the rest of the world a little more. He realized a lot of things about himself and even more about the world. He justified and simplified. He was Caesar and the world was Brutus. It used to be the other way round. The world was now going on behind his back and he could feel the knife going in. 
Julian would often overreact but he was convinced now was not one of those times. He had harbored paranoia about this day for years. It regularly got fed by dreams of being naked at a computer and him being the only one oblivious while he continued to compose his symphonies of scandal and concertos of crud. 
Suddenly he was naked at his desk and his stories were yesterday’s news. He was predicting the winners the day after. He longed to wake up but each dream went further into the humiliation. Where would this one end?  
It was now 5:03 time to go home.


 
Julian had a Cagney moment as he walked home and was completely oblivious to it. Normally his posture would alter and he would walk like a statesman. Inviting admiration and demanding recognition for the cloud of importance he carried around him.
He walked like a man who was in a hurry to catch a train. The walk of a common man. He was almost running and bullocking through people. He wanted to be alone. He wanted nobody near him. Sweat was forming on his brow. A sweat that exposed a sort of weakness. It ruffled his hair and stained his determined face as a stray bead intruded and trespassed down the right side of his face. Not very statesmanlike. He hated New York at this very minute. He longed for a street somewhere in New Hampshire where he grew up. He went into Central Park. Not something he did often. He stood in the Sheep’s field. He waited for Michael Douglas to come and clock him just like he did to Charlie Sheen in Wall St on this very spot. He wanted today to never have happened. He wanted to be able to be better at what he did. He wanted to have a more interesting life. He wanted lots of things that were too uninteresting to mention. Things that were all vying for attention in his head, all pushing for the spotlight waiting to be heard.
On his way home he purchased every Paper he could carry as well as a few news magazines and was determined to read them all and see how his contemporaries work compared to his. This was something he had never done as he was determined to remain free of influence and full of purity. He would often amuse by referring to his work as pure. New England water was pure, not anything he wrote. 
He was struggling with all his papers and must have looked very unsophisticated as he walked but he was so distracted that even this was probably unnoticed not to mention the fact that the abundance of ink from the abundance of papers would probably leave an abundance of stains on his abundantly expensive shirts. It was then that his Cagney moment happened.

Jose was his name as much as any word can be a name. The kids at school had called him this as well as his teachers and guardians and so he had kept it. His own name was so unpronounceable that from the earliest days in the home it was not for him to even try so Jose it was. He hated the name as it reeked of cliché for a Latin American such as himself.  
On this hot day he went downtown to walk in the park and see the sights. He was still in awe of New York as one often is when they visit a place like it but less so when they live there. He lived on Broadway and he could see the Empire State Building from his apartment. However, his end of Broadway was not the end featured in songs or young showgirls dreams. There were no bright lights, marquees or souvenir stalls near where he lived. 
He could have been described as a poor-man’s version of Julian. He was extremely intelligent and loved to read. His favorites were Conrad, Voltaire and Wilde.
He liked the classical music of Puccini and Beethoven and the films of Godard, Woody Allen and anything with Bogart. Washington Heights was not a place to live for a man such as this.  
He instantly recognized Julian Jones as the man who amused him plenty and made buying The Player a necessity. Despite the fact that many considered Jones to be finished and completely out of touch printing nothing more than fiction, Jose loved Julian’s rambling prose and long damning sentences about the wicked excess and darker sides of numerous famous people. A grand old New York City newspaperman in the tradition of Ring Lardner or Damon Runyon. Deep down Jose saw in Jones’ poetry a life where morals were a thing to be prejudiced against at any cost and sex was the national currency to buy respect and damnation at comparable prices in the republic of Celebrity. The only price they paid was the tut-tutting of Julian Jones; a ticket for the ferry of tabloid notoriety.
Jose knew that living in Washington Heights, The Beverly Hills of Harlem, and working as a janitor, he would never reach those levels. He did however love to escape. Julian Jones was Jose’s oracle of another life. A better life. Jose was the closest one could get to a media stalker, a pseudosidal maniac if you will. He followed the words of Julian Jones day and night. He would quote them as others would quote Shakespeare. He traced the steps of Jones’ words down dark streets and extravagant lives in a search to get closer and to get more out of them. He truly wasn’t a person Julian Jones would ever want to meet. It would be like meeting his inner dirty self, made flesh. The dirty parts of ourselves that only Julian is lucky enough to be able to exorcise. If the two of them met, it would be like to some inner, dirty fight to the death.
Jose must have known this that day as he watched unmoved as Julian Jones walked past him struggling with a large bundle of papers and magazines.  


 
Julian arrived home and relaxed into his white armchair that he purchased once on a trip to Sweden. He used to love telling people that he didn’t have Swedish furniture, he had furniture from Sweden. It was an off white color, almost platinum, just like his AMEX.
His apartment was very much the habitat of a successful and shallow man arranged in such a way as to disorientate and stun in equal measure full of furniture that was to be admired rather than to sit on. It was his oval office. His headquarters announcing to anyone who entered that he was in charge.
He had laid out all his recently acquired press on his stainless steel and glass dining table and now had to sit and see if he could find a place to start his search or what indeed, this search was for.
He flicked on his enormous television and began to surf. He decided on a news program, one of the countless in New York that he never watched. He never watched any news programs at all for that matter. It was all about keeping his purity and checking out the opposition just made him impure.
He rarely watched television, only DVDs of his favorite movies but tonight he was on a mission. He had no time, the rest of the week as he was all booked up so tonight was the night for Julian to realize that the rest of the world sucked, were a bunch of fucking morons with no idea what was good for them and what sort of news was important. After doing this, redemption would be his and he could relax back in the comforts of being right, not to mention relevant and important and enjoy the luxuries of gloating combined with the added pampering of a little more wisdom and character after his career threatening ordeal. But how? He had no time     
Julian sat back and watched the stoic newsreader (is there any other kind?) read stories from a world filled with murder, mayhem, greed, destruction, corporate downsizing, billionaire upsizing, corruption, collusion, terrorism and epidemics. It was like the book of Revelations had been written by somebody just like Julian Jones. It was little wonder that nobody would care about the subtle machinations of a corrupt politician. 
Julian now flicked through his recent purchases and noticed just how out of touch he was. There were stories of a world gone mad over every page. The detestable sound of some old shit somewhere who probably doesn’t deserve to live, as he has nothing to contribute to the world came emanating into Julian’s subconscious at this moment.
“Why can’t they print some good news?” It said in a thick accent that was pure Stupid-old-bastard. Julian’s heart skipped as he related to it.
Julian’s Nailing of Nale (he always liked the sound of that) story which only twenty-four hours earlier had seem like a gold medal around his neck had tightened to a noose. He felt like the latest fad whose dawn had arrived. The fading movie starlet in the bad movie you know will be the last she ever makes.
His mind was playing host to a heavyweight title fight and the more he drank the better then worse he was. The more then less capable he was. The more relevant he was. He knew that being relevant was the only thing a man like Julian Jones needs to be. Everything else will take care of itself.
“There’s no need to overreact,” He thought to himself. After all, he was Julian Jones. The Legend. Say no more. Looking for a great New Yorker. A man who epitomizes the great city. A man who should always be photographed in black and white from below. A man who is his own island. A man whose name itself is an adjective. Call off the chase. That man is Julian Jones. 
Just then, as it always seems to, the phone rang. It was one of Julian’s new friendship acquisitions, Detective Chris Cox. A man with matching letters like Julian and a love of drinking and fucking, just like Julian. He was also a cop and one of Julian’s best sources. Julian assumed that Chris used to want to be seen with him because Julian was Julian but it was also because Chris used to boast endlessly about the fact that he was Julian Jones’ best source. True, Chris was a great source and he gave Julian plenty of copy, more than anybody else in fact, but Julian’s really good stuff came from his friends in Washington. Julian claimed that every reporter should have ‘friends’ in Washington, but that was another story.  
“JJ. How are tricks? I’ve been reading you lately and couldn’t help noticing that you’ve been swinging in the dark a bit lately. Who the fuck is Jodie Shaw and who cares who she’s fucking? She’s not even hot. I’ve got the best stuff as ever and you sure could use it buddy.”
This sentence was pure Cox.
Christopher Nicholas Cox. What a fucking labor to know at this point in time. It was impossible to be objective about this worthless man but occasionally useful cop. This conversation had all the classic Cox touches. As you can see in the opening greeting, there is an undeserved familiarity. The second sentence condescends like a pathetic little fuck who has to be constantly belittling others to feel that he is in the least bit worthwhile as a person. The Jodie Shaw reference, alluding to a recent article about a sitcom star’s relationship with a female diplomat, is classic Philistinical ignorance with a dash of I’m-above-this-not-to-mention-a-very-busy-man-so-don’t-waste-my-fucking-time demeanor of a true status forger. The last sentence. What a Cox masterpiece. Pure gloating with an I’d-do-that-for-you-man-I’ve-got-your-back-cause-that’s-the-sort-of-stuff-I’m-made-of type false sincerity. Julian was mentally aching all over at the thought of this man at this time but Julian was desperate and he needed something, anything. He was so badly in need that he was willing to sell his soul to this asylum seeker to his world.
What pained Julian most of all was the way Cox spoke. His language was the one Julian invented, and now here it was being spoken by this imbecile. What a fucking insult. It was times like these that Julian really wished he had the right to refuse entry into his world.
“CC, how are things with you?”
“Better than you.”
Julian agreed with himself that he had little time for this.
“What sort of stuff have you got for me?”
“Uh, Uh, Uh, Patience Mr. Jones. This time, I want something from you”
What the fuck? Julian thought
“What the fuck?” Julian said.
“It’s only fair JJ. How much copy have I given you and that shitty rag over the years? I’ve saved your ass more than once and now you take umbrage when I come to cash my check.”
Cox was speaking in pure b-grade movie bad-guy cliché. A habit he seemed to have trouble breaking.
“Whatever. What do you want? I’m very busy.”
“I bet you are. Busy nailing Nale are you. That dog’s not hunting you know. Give up the chase and bet on another pony.”
Julian scared himself that he completely understood every word that came out of Cox’s mouth, after all they were all his sayings, especially the nailing Nale bit which he had always thought was funny in a Cary Grant kind of way but now sounded truly bawdy coming out of Cox’s mouth.
Cox called back after Julian’s initial hanging up on him a bit pissed off but he still needed Julian more than Julian needed him, although the gap was narrowing. He told Julian to meet him at his favorite bar, some dive on the Upper East Side that was his definition of swank and everyone else’s definition of pseudo-style.
He didn’t know how, but he managed to talk Julian into cancelling an engagement he had for the following night and he was to meet him at 8. Julian knew very well that he would get there at 9:30 and Cox would be well on the way to drunk and completely oblivious to any tardiness from Julian at that time.
Julian Jones truly was slumming it.
 
  

Jose arrived home to his wife and child-free home and threw his tatty backpack on his well-loved purple velvet couch. His apartment was a display of bad taste and Jose was the curator. He switched on his television and watched through black and white fuzz a fascinating documentary on a terrorist organization that operated like a major corporation and gave its employees benefits such as medical and dental plans as well as a pension. He was then fascinated by a series he had been watching lately on the Third Reich and rounded out his evening’s viewing with a news report on the ever growing and ever populated snuff movie industry in Asia.
Jose climbed from the clutches of his worn couch and walked to the other side of the room to put his dirty dinner dishes in an already overcrowded sink. It was the last plate in his collection of all 70’s unique earthenware. Each with its own collection of chips and scratches. Each adorned with some tasteless design. Each badly discolored and bearing the scars of years of badly cooked, barely digestible food.
He then walked to another corner of the room to rid himself of most of what he had eaten that day in the toilet he was careful not to flush, but rather gently poke his finest work with a plunger so as to not make the room any more disgusting than it already was. His final walk for the day was to the other corner of the room where he collapsed into bed.
He slept as much of the city did, with gunshots ringing out in the air. With bottles breaking, neighbors screaming and cars speeding, many of them probably stolen. The white noise of the rest of us. He slept with the painful knowledge others like him had that it was doubtful life could get any better. The fact was made all the more painful by the fact that he knew, just a few miles away people were living his dream. A dream of celebrity and the life with which New York is best associated. The life of a Woody Allen movie, of Gershwin, Jazz and Broadway. The Big Apple, the place that never disappoints a visitor but never ceases to disappoint many of its residents.

Julian Jones meanwhile, was living that life; wide awake and pacing around his living room in bare feet.  At this time, however, he was pacing with a fury. He had too much on his mind to be able to think clearly. What favor did Chris Cox want from him? What had made Chris Cox think he could get a favor out of him? What could he write to get back on top?
He went to bed but wasn’t even close to getting any sleep. He lay there running through scenarios regarding their meeting the following evening. He finally got to sleep.

Jose awoke to a garbage truck at an early hour. The sunlight was already brilliant and the sky was an uncorrupted blue. He went to his window and could see the Empire State Building very clearly. It teased him to could reach out and touch it. Daring him. There was a minimum of smog today. He scrubbed down a putrid bowl and filled it with Rice Crispies and questionable milk. He rolled on some deodorant, did a smell test on several shirts and pairs of underwear, dressed in the least offensive and then left for the day.

Flamenco guitar music provided the backdrop this morning as Julian awoke. It was a contradiction to his state of mind and heavy metal would have been a more appropriate soundtrack. He lay in bed for a few minutes before getting up and showering. Julian was impressed with his new shower. It had twenty-six jets and could go from a gentle flow to an intense battering. It also led to a minimum of water escape, which was an improvement on his old shower which left large puddles all over his grey marble floors. Julian replaced it fearing a tacky celebrity death; being found naked on his bathroom floor exterminating any dignity he had and ensuring his life would be discussed only in reference to his naked corpse being found on his bathroom floor. After showering, Julian shaved using a brush and blade, as this was the only way he could get close enough. He then gave himself a quick routine of foundation, moisturizer, a touch of make-up (he’d been on television a few times and got hooked) as well as his specially imported hand cream. He then dressed in his matching boxer briefs and socks followed by an off white pure silk shirt complemented by his plain black suit and a brown matte tie tied in a half Windsor. For his feet he chose his old faithful: handcrafted, Italian leather shoes that not only looked amazing (important) but were comfortable as well (not as important). He checked himself in his full length, Mahogany framed, handcrafted mirror (built to order, of course, as was all of his furniture) and was satisfied he looked OK. Time to hail a cab and go to work. He was in no mood to walk today.   

Julian arrived at work, locked himself in his office and spent the best part of the morning playing solitaire and surfing the Internet. Jack was out of the office today so he would be left alone all day. He quickly knocked out a story about a messy movie star divorce that he knew would probably get tucked away somewhere near ads for weight loss drugs and impotency help lines or worse still, given start treatment on the front of the lifestyle section. He still found it difficult to fathom that his story about Bob Nale being a corrupt fuck was not fit to print but a fluff piece about a Hollywood divorce was.

Jose’s day at work was indistinguishable from any other. He mopped, scrubbed and swept most of the hallowed hallways of Columbia University and was about to take another coffee break when he saw her. She was a stunning looking creature.  A true delight to behold. He had been in love before, but each time they had no idea who he was. He quickly wheeled his mop and bucket into a nearby closet, hung up his coat, and took up the trail. She was on her own so this one would be easy.
She was tall, but not too tall. Her shoulder-length hair was a dark brown which made her skin seem all the more lighter. She had a thinness about her that made her hips move gently from side to side as she walked. She dressed in a pale blue skirt that exposed the bottom half of her legs. She had a thin white shirt on with a black undershirt. She walked on flat black sandals. She walked quickly but without haste. She was elegant. She had a friendly smile on a face that seemed to glow. She smiled at fellow students as she walked. She waved at one. Jose longed to get close enough to hear her voice as he saw her uttering greetings to a fellow student standing near the gate. She stepped out onto Broadway and waited at a bus stop. Jose met her eyes and she quickly flashed a smile with a quick move of the lips. Jose was almost shaking and hoped she didn’t notice.


 
Julian walked in the door at Mirabella’s. The place was a study in fad taste and was a white grand piano short of the tackiest place in the world. There was art deco posters sharing the walls with the obligatory celebrity autographed 8 by 10’s. There was nobody of substance on the wall. The only half-decent one was James Caan, (he was in The Godfather after all). There was even less substance at the tables. This is the sort of place, people with no class and lots of money think is ‘posh’. It was a dive and so far below his usual standards that when they asked him for a photo of himself to put on the wall, which they inevitably would, he would refuse.
Chris called out and waved him to his table, as low class people tend to do, completely ignoring the fact that other people are around. Julian caught his eye and turned to walk towards the table. Cox started talking full volume when Julian was still at least ten feet away.
“Where the fuck were you buddy? I’ve been here over an hour. I think I might be taking one of the bar chicks home though.”
“Is that a fact?”
“Yep. Anyway, what’s up? How’s the player?”
“Never been better. How’s the force?”
“I can’t complain. I tell you something though. There’s some shit going on in this town I just can’t seem to handle at the moment. The place is just so fucked up. I’ve never seen so many murders. People turning up everywhere. I can swing some business your way if you want.”
“What have you got? You know I don’t give two fucks about random murders of random people”
Julian was impressed at how he had managed to shoot Chris Cox down so easily. A stunning dismount from his high horse.
“People are getting killed. The morgue is almost full”
“Welcome to New York City! Do you have anyone?”
“No. Its just violence. No motives. People just dying everywhere.”
“Are you kidding me?”
“No. It’s fucked up. I me...”
“You call me up here to tell me that people are dying in New York and I’m supposed to print this shit and make like anybody’s supposed to give a shit and for that I owe you one."
 “No. You owe me one for all the stuff I’ve given you before. The celebrity busts. The drugs. The hookers. Who’s got you a better ride than me for all that shit.”
“I was getting that stuff long before you came along”
“You really are an asshole”
“Stop the fucking press. You should be doing this job. How much more of my valuable time are you planning to waste?”
  There was a sudden pause. Chris looked then tried to smooth things over. Julian stared at the rest of the room in no real order. His twitching gaze shifted to anything other that Cox. 
“Let’s just calm down a little shall we?”
“I’m down with that”
“Good. I just thought you might be interested but you’re not so there we are” Chris added softly
Julian nodded in response
“You know how much I respect you JJ”
Julian nodded again
“And whenever I get good stuff I think of you”
Another nod
“I respect you man and I know you respect me”
No, but another nod.
“Now this probably isn’t the best time.”
Here it comes. He hadn’t forgotten about Chris saying there was something he wanted Julian to do for him and now here it was.
“But I was wondering if you could do something for me.”
Julian nodded again for Cox to continue.
“Well I got an invite to the Vanity Fair New Year’s Eve party and I don’t have anyone to take and I was wondering if you knew anybody.”
Julian did not know what to do. He felt so many things at once he felt sick. How could this fuck be invited to the Vanity Fair do and not Julian Jones? Why would he let this fuck touch any of his girls? How could he get into the Vanity Fair party now that his stocks were so low? Why was Chris Cox asking him to hook him up?
Was he trying to rub his face in it? How much fucking worse could it get?
“Well?”
Chris’ interrogative broke the silence in which Julian was still reeling, so he excused himself, said he had to go, and left. As he made for the door he could hear Cox screaming out that he’d call him and to take care. He pushed and pushed at his front door, which required pulling and almost stumbled into the street and walked home. He knew he had walked simply because he couldn’t recall having hailed a cab. His life seemed to be getting worse and worse. He didn’t know if one of his doorman pieces could get him entrance to the party, as he was a shadow of his former self and the doormen were all so fucked up that it seemed like they were in some sort of bizarre contest. He had fallen from grace in the course of two days. He had to do something to get himself out of the rut. He started to have doubts over whether or not he could. He needed something to clear his head. Back in his apartment he retreated to the kitchen and reached for one of the stainless steel cookie tins. In it was his ‘supply’. He rolled a joint and sat back on his balcony and watched the city. It was moments like this when he thought he could live on this balcony. From his altitudinal floor he could see yet not hear the city below him. It all seemed like a super-8 movie. He could see the scattering of red lights to one side and the white lights to the other all making their way down Broadway. He could see the tall buildings dwarfing his own, not insubstantial building. He was at ease he thought as he puffed away. He thought of how painful it would be for real celebrities at the Vanity Fair party having to share the room with Chris Cox. He wondered with only slight concern what he, himself, would be doing on New Years Eve. He thought about what Chris had said about all the murders. He thought about Jack and Michelle and his days at college with that girl Mandy, what he had achieved and what he would still like to do with his life and what he would be doing twelve months from now and if his job was really that important to him and he started thinking about his favorite stories in the last fifteen years. He kept rolling joints, reminiscing and enjoying his own company until he woke up on the balcony and realized it was nearing dawn. He went to bed to make the most of the temporary darkness.

Jose had already been awake for over an hour. He got up early today as he had an extra bus to catch. He didn’t normally catch this one but this morning was different.


 
Julian awoke for the second time that morning with an idea that sounded crazy and was probably not legal but would probably work and it would also probably get him back on top. He knew that if it was to work he would need Chris Cox. He needed him to be a bad cop and to break the law. He needed him to disrupt police procedure and interfere with investigations and lie to the press. He knew that in a city like New York and in a precinct like Chris’ this wouldn’t present much of a problem. He knew that Chris would be equal to the task. He knew that getting Chris to play ball was as simple as making a few calls to acquaintances and/or groupies who would be willing to escort Chris to a certain Vanity Fair party. He started to make some calls.

This morning she wore fawn cargo pants, no socks, powder blue Adidas street shoes and the piece de resistance, a tee shirt with the original yellow poster from Breathless. Here was a girl who liked Godard. Say no more. Call off the chase. The shirt was slightly cropped so Jose could see her pierced navel. His erection was hurting him. He covered it with a bag.
He was fairly certain she hadn’t noticed him as he floated through the halls which expected him to be there. He hadn’t taken his eyes of her for the entire journey.

“Her name’s Sonia which isn’t a name I’m particularly fond of but she’s fairly hot.”
“Fairly hot. Define fairly hot.”
“She’s gorgeous. I’d fuck her. I have in fact.”
He’d had better but she would do for Cox.
Tell me the biog.
She used to be an actress. She was in a few decent movies. Just small parts though. I think she was in Wall Street or was it born on the Fourth of July. I don’t know. It was an Oliver Stone movie though. She was also an extra in ET and popped up in a couple of Woody Allen movies. She had a habit for a while which is when I met her. She thinks she owes me because I got her out of that bad scene. I think she fell in love with me as only women can. She’s a lawyer now. A good one. She pulls good bank and has the attitude to match. Goes to most society dos and has no plans for the 31st as of yet. Nice blue eyes too.”
“How do you know she’s plan free?”
“I know”
“How will this work?”
“The number’s on an email on it’s way to you and in return I want some of your stiffs that are turning up all over town.”
“What? What do you mean you want them? I told you. See you think I?”
“Shut up. I want to use them. I also want you to do some stuff for me. It’s nothing big. It’s a breeze. It’s not your usual caper though”
Chris replied very slowly
“...o...k...”
“All I want you to do is tell any reporter who isn’t me to go fuck themselves if they make any inquiries as to these bodies. OK?”
 “But they haven’t been”
“I also want you to make sure that no cop speaks to any rat about it either. Got Me?”
“Yeah but...”
“And we’re not speaking now”
“What tune are you playing JJ?”
“You’ll see. Catch me in print. I’m the director here. You’re just the clapper boy. The less anyone but me knows the better.”
Chris still sounded skeptical but seemed to be coming around
“OK”
“Settled then. I’ll speak to you soon with more details of what I want you to do. Trust me Chris. This is the Son of Sam. We’ll make sure all those deaths aren’t in vain.”
Julian hung up the phone and sat in silence quietly content with himself. He knew what to do. If this city wanted something sensational, he was more that the man to report on the news. He was the man to make it happen in the first place.
Julian finally had a scoop. The last two days seemed like an eternity of nothingness in regards to everything. He knew that this was the story that was his and his alone. He knew there was a story in all these bodies. He knew that the people wanted it and he knew he was now able to give it to them. The last two days were a revelation. He had seen the Promised Land and was now heading there full speed ahead.
 He spent the afternoon on the Internet doing research and watching the clock. He went into Jack’s office and said he had a hot lead and was leaving for the day. He said no more. Jack told him to go so he did. The story he had was not one he wanted to write in his office. This was one for home where he could easily take in some cocaine and alcohol to get the best results. He could already see the story in his head. He was twisting it and tweaking it to his precise specifications. If the people thought a corrupt politician wasn’t news then this sure as hell was. There was nothing complicated about this. He felt a glow. He walked home. He was James Cagney again.

He realized she was a journalism major. She lived off campus with her mother on the lower West Side. He already knew that. He also knew that she had no boyfriend and that her name was Jane. She liked alternative mellow music as well as soul. Her father was dead. Her favorite subject was early 20th century literature. She loved Conrad (tick). Her favorite movie was The Big Sleep (big tick). She had a fondness for wearing skirts and a single flower in her hair. She had a definite aroma about her that he seemed to smell all day. She was all he thought about day and night. She was the one he was thinking of every time he masturbated which was now more than once a day. He was always about when she was. He knew her timetable now. She didn’t seem to think anything of the fact that he always seemed to be around and that the ground surrounding her was in constant need of mopping. He worked fast in other areas so he could return to where she was and take his time. 
Jose quietly smiled to himself. She was still none the wiser. He was getting very good at this.


 
His was the world, the earth and the sea,
He only then saw how love was to be,
If only, if only his friends would all say,
He’d still be alive on this fine summer day,


So said the frightening killer known to police as the Bard as he struck again last night killing a middle-aged man as he returned home.
The death was a particularly brutal one. The likes of which are rarely seen in any civilized world. The Bard removed all limbs and placed them in a pile. He gouged the eyes out and removed several teeth while also removing the nose. The penis was removed and sliced into pieces with two of these pieces being placed over the victim’s eyes. The victim’s intestines were all removed and there was no sign of them at the scene. There were several gashes on the victim’s legs. They seemed random but a few of them seemed to form the letter ‘M’.  A police spokesman said that this was likely to be a coincidence.
The detective in charge of the case, ‘celebrity policeman’ Detective Christopher Cox said that the crimes were of a very serious nature and it appeared there was a serial killer loose in New York City.
The poems left at the scene are his calling card, hence the nickname, ‘The Bard’. Cox went on to add. “We are completely baffled this time. We have nothing to go on this time and not a single witness.”

This is the fifth time he has struck and there appears to be no pattern or motive for the attacks. Four of the victims have been men, two have been African American and the ages of the victims have varied as have the locations of the murders. The only thing linking the five murders is the extremely brutal nature, the removal of the limbs and of course, the poem left at the scene.
Behavioral science experts have commented that the poetry is an interesting touch. It is almost like the killer is critically analyzing his work in the words of these poems.
Another disturbing part of the crimes is the removal of the intestines and other bodily organs, which is a common trait for cannibal killers.
Police have warned people to exercise extreme caution when on the streets and to take any precautions necessary.

Julian sat back at his desk and rolled a joint. He seemed to be doing that a lot lately but this time he definitely deserved it. Sure he had fornicated the truth in the past but never to this extent and never written anything that was 100% fiction before. But desperate times called for desperate measures.
He knew that what he had written was extremely graphic and would no doubt shock and potentially disturb whoever read it.
Perfect.
He knew that the call to his fellow New Yorkers to take any precautions necessary was incendiary and provocative.
Perfect 
He knew that by omitting the locations of the murders from the piece, he would instill a healthy dose of paranoia and superfluous caution to the city.
Perfect.
He knew the mention of Chris Cox was immediately get him on side. He knew Cox very well. Cox wanted to be Julian so badly that this would be a good opportunity to work with the best, to see him up close and personal. Cox would see this as an honor.
Perfect.
But most importantly of all he knew that people love serial killers. They are the thinking man’s celebrities. The ultimate bogeyman. They are to the 90’s what stockbrokers were to the 80’s. Their excess is of another kind. They show us what kind and good people we are. They show us how normal we are. They show us that the drug habits and the paranoia and the philandering and the sexual experimentation and the closet racism and hatred are all OK because it is innocent and harmless. When people are confronted with this Bard, this violence. This absolute contempt for human life, their own foibles are put into a feeble perspective.
People love them because they are usually lonely and stupid and this is the only thing they are good at. This is why people choose not to be friends with people like that.
People love them for the same reasons they love roller coasters and bungee jumping. The adrenaline begins to flow when one is at large.
People love them for the same reason they like going to the movies. The innermost imagination is given a voice.
People love them because they give a face and actions to the rage that we all feel. It is far better to see it on television or read about it in the paper as it is to keep it inside one’s head. 
People love them.
Perfect
Serial Killer. The mere mention of the word conjures up images of a lifeless mug shot. A geeky looking man in glasses. A man in a bright orange prison jump suit. A man driving on interstates through the heart of America in a pickup looking for prey. His hobby brought about by overcompensation for his timid demeanor. A serial killer on the loose in New York City. Riding the subway; going up and down Broadway on a bus. In McDonalds or Starbucks; in a booth ready to follow somebody home.
Perfect.
Julian had taken care of Cox and Cox would in turn take care of any other cops.
If they said that they had no information that would be enough for rival hacks to go on. Cox had said himself that there had been bodies showing up all over town. That was close enough.
Jack: Jack would cream himself over the very thought of a story like this. Julian would like to see Jack tell him the people didn’t want to see this one.
The people will eat this up. Surely this was enough to satisfy their eternal hunger for violence and murder.
Most importantly of all, he thought, Julian Jones will be back on top. He will be the man of the moment once more. He will be the most interesting man in New York City again as he will have the inside story on the latest flavor of the month. The Bard. He wondered what the Bard would be doing this moment if he existed.
The Bard; A perfect name, almost, he had wanted to call him the Poet but that was the name of a famous crime novel Julian had never heard of but the Bard was growing on him.
Creating identities was fun, and easy.

Meanwhile, Jose sat up late at night and made a decision. Tomorrow he was going to talk to her. 


Jose paced. Jose cleaned almost with a fury. Jose emptied trash cans and swept floors and tried to replay the moment over and over in his head. He had sat up all night and had planned it to the letter. He had rehearsed it all day and knew exactly what he was going to do. What had happened?
Jose was furious. He could see what was going to happen. He could see how it would turn out. He could see it was going down the same road all the others did. He could see was on the down escalator wanting to go up. He was furious. Words could not describe his anger.
She walked past and that was it. He just stood there and stared. He looked at her and hesitated. He started to wonder if anyone saw him as he was. Standing there paralyzed with obsession, his feet stuck, his eyes following, his mind thinking of nothing else. It was too much for him to give any regard to anything else.
All of his plotting. All of his scheming. All of his pre-meditation. All of his desire. All of it was gone in that one moment when he froze as she walked by. He started to feel his own personal humiliation like his reflection in a mirror was pointing at him and laughing. The laughing was getting louder and louder. He didn’t know how much more he could take.

Julian was right. As usual, he thought, and he began to glow. He had given the piece to Jack who became aroused. Julian insisted on taking his word for that. It was what Jack always said at moments like this. Julian was curious but unmoved. 
Jack expressed concerns that Julian handled beautifully.
“It’s a bit extreme don’t you think?”
“Jack. You said yourself that the bar was rising. This is going to clear it and rise it some more. There’s nothing here you wouldn’t see on the evening news or an episode of ER. Put a warning at the start of the article. If nothing else that should guarantee that nobody will pass it over.”
Julian knew that Jack was sold. 
“Let’s run it”
For Julian that was as much a commendation as Jack would give. It was as good as him saying that you were the best fucking person he had ever met. The two of them shared a mutual respect and right now Julian was feeling it both ways. He must have been delirious. He was going soft.
It was worth it.
 


 
“I’m impressed JJ. Really fucking impressed.”
Cox was beaming with pride like he was part of something really special. Julian was smoking another joint as he spoke and now noted that his pure crystal ashtray was now overflowing with dead roaches. Cox had said a few other things down the phone but Julian hadn’t taken them in at all.
“What’s that Cox?”
“I said, Sonia sounds like somebody I can’t wait to meet. I spoke to her last night and she sounds keen”
“Nice job. Love your work. Gotta go”
Julian had spoken to Sonia about Cox. Julian was unsure why, despite her obvious intelligence, she was still happy to do him a favor. She must have something in her past that she didn’t want Julian to find out about. Julian was a bloodhound when he picked up a scent, which he normally would with somebody like Sonia, but it was his professional courtesy that instructed him to leave her untouched. He truly was a man of substance he thought with a smile. He began to arouse his mind with hypothetical scenarios of Sonia in a suite at the Plaza with lines of coke on the table and a politician in the bed.
Julian was sitting back in his apartment and watching All the President’s Men. He loved that movie. He loved Redford before he started directing crap movies. He loved Hoffman, period. He loved William Goldman, who wrote the screenplay. He loved Bob Woodward and he loved the story. Two newspapermen bringing down the government. ‘My kingdom for a cover-up’
He always watched this movie in moments like this. Tonight he was watching it on his Plasma screen, Bang & Olauffsen 50-inch screen TV on his newly acquired DVD player. The Plasma display combined with the DVD quality made it look like he was there. It was magnificent. He had it hooked up to his Bose home theatre system so he watched it as he never had before. He smoked more joints and sat back knowing that his story was being pressed at that very minute, that when he woke up the next day his story was front page. It had been a while.
He wondered who would play him in the movie of his life.
He sprawled himself out on his off-white couch and upon closer inspection noticed it could use a clean.
He slept.

Jose was at home and he was angry. His head was a disorderly cataclysm of noise and mess. His body was tense and stiff. He hated. Nothing in particular, he just hated. He was full of hate. He was angry. He cried. He wanted. He ached.
He watched the evening news and pictured himself with the female newsreader. He pictured fucking her like an animal. He pictured the two of them in a passionate embrace with her getting the ride of her life. He couldn’t take it anymore. He switched on the TV and kicked it for good measure. It tilted back momentarily but then righted itself and sat back down on its stand. Jose stood in his living room/apartment for longer than one should without really doing anything and thought about nothing. He had achieved clarity. He pictured himself with Jane.
The two of them were in a carriage in Central Park. The two of them were walking through the same park in early October with the trees red and the weather cold. The two of them were in his apartment watching Godard movies, she in her underwear. The two of them were lying in bed on a Sunday morning with the newspapers sprawled all around them. The two of them were in a passionate embrace.
He tried to sleep. Suddenly the specter of reality crashed down on top of him and he realized the real likelihood of that actually happening. He started to cry uncontrollably as one does when one realizes how hopeless things are. When a life one wishes for is suddenly out of reach.
He slept.
 


Julian sat back in his office gloating to himself and waiting for the accolades to come in when the phone rang.
“Julian”
Jesus
“Julian”
“Yes”
Julian seemed to have lost the power of speech momentarily. He was sure it happened to most people at moments like this.
“Julian it’s Michelle”
“Oh” Julian knew it was an inadequate response so he labored on. “How are you?” was the best he could do.
“I’m fine”
OK then. Where to from here he thought. Of course the why the fuck are you calling me thought was still the most dominant.
“I read your piece in the Player today and started thinking about you.” She continued.
Julian was at a loss to respond. He figured his silence would have the twofold effect of making her keep talking and making her think a little. She didn’t disappoint. Of course, he also knew that the more she talked, the more she was likely to pay him some compliments about the story and that couldn't hurt.
"It’s a good story Julian. I was wondering when you were going to dazzle us with your prose again. It’s been a while since you’ve had a decent story. I was beginning to wonder if you were still there.
“I’ve still been getting printed just no banners.” He replied
“I only read the banners. I’m a busy girl.”
They shared a nervous laugh. The sort of laugh that always follows the sort of glacier breaking comment that Michelle had just attempted. It seemed that she was making an effort so he had better do his best to reciprocate. After all, Michelle had always made Julian feel like he was a good person, even though he knew he wasn’t, but at least with her he had often made the effort. Pretense was a beautiful thing.
“What have you been doing with yourself lately? I haven’t seen a new book in a while.”
“I’ve got one on the way. I don’t think it’s very good though. A lot of it is very labored. My publisher doesn’t seem to care though. It will be out in a few weeks. The people will probably love it. Sorry, am I rambling.”
“Always” Julian jokingly replied as they shared a laugh.
This seemed to be getting less painful as it went on. He had had secret anticipation’s of this day for a while now. Michelle was, after all, the girl of his dreams. He had thought about her daily since the day they had met and more so since they broke up. She was everything Julian had looked for in a woman. Beautiful, intelligent, sophisticated, civilized, witty, well dressed, well read, well-traveled, cultured and classy. In some ways she was everything Julian was. In others she was everything he wasn’t.

She had worked at the Player as the arts critic. Julian was already the legend he was at the time. Everyone, Julian included, found it strange that he didn’t subject her to the usual torrent of abuse and humiliation he did to everyone else when they started there. He discovered she shared the same contempt for modern cinema and the same longing for something original to come out of contemporary music. She had a sweet tooth and an even sweeter wallet. She had long brown hair and very fair skin that was soft and seemed to be lit from the inside. She was perfectly in proportion and walked with a grace and dignity. She always dressed immaculately and Julian sensed she was impressed with his grooming.
Her apartment was a study in understatement. Her tastes were cultural yet subtle. She left the Player and wrote a novel about an American traveling to the third world trying to escape her own country but finding it impossible. It was good. It sold well and she had been writing ever since. Her five subsequent books were all full of biting satire combined with a longing for a place to call home. They were all very good and all sold very well. Her last book was written after they had broken up. Julian reluctantly read it and sensed anger and loss in her words. She had not written book for a while and Julian started to think that maybe he was her inspiration. She once said that he was a great source of material and hadn’t she just said that her latest was labored and not very good.
He used to watch her write. He would sit there as she banged away at her laptop. She looked so good as she sat there in bare feet and a cigarette hanging from her mouth. Occasionally she would stop to take a sip of the wine that always seemed to be at her side.
They had got together not long after she started writing her first book. She had come to him for advice and one thing led to another is it always does. Julian was well and truly taken with this girl. If anyone else had started writing a book and come to him and not the Pulitzer prize winner in the office next door for advice, his ego would have inflated at the same rate and speed as an airbag in a Volvo, but Julian was helpful, courteous and maybe even a little taken aback at her request. Her first book was dedicated to him, as was the next four years of her life 
Michelle had managed to get Julian to get on several planes and travel to several countries in a search for culture. Julian spent most of his time shopping. In London, he rarely left Saville Row. They shared a mutual respect for clothes that were obscenely expensive and anything stainless steel or white. They were a sophisticated couple to do New York proud. People often wondered who this girl was that had managed to tame the great Julian Jones
Not that she had completely tamed him though. He still had a reputation to maintain. He still needed to be obnoxious and outrageous. He still needed to shock people into realizing just how Julian Jones he could be. He used to treat it as a game to see how far he could go. Michelle used to be impressed but towards the end she grew tired of it. She grew tired of the fact that he was more pre-occupied with drink and drugs than anything he used to write. It started as an exciting adventure. An adventure involving celebrities and excess. She felt like she was in a dream. It was an elephant short of a Fellini film. At rare moments when she was able to stand back at look at the carnival unfolding before her with a neutral eye, she noticed that Julian Jones was becoming less and less like Julian Vincent Jones, born 11/24/1960 in Nashua, New Hampshire, son of Bill and Jessica Jones, and more and more like Julian Jones, created sometime in the eighties, becoming less and less real, like a figure in literature. He existed only as he wanted to and the real world had no relevance to him. He was moving through a set of situations, not aging a day and not changing a bit. The real Julian Jones would not stand up. His life was a normal one with the boring bits edited out.
Then why was Michelle calling him again after all this time? Did she miss it? Julian was pondering several things at this point in time, as he was sure Michelle was and at one point even became oblivious to her rambling on the other end of the line. It must have been going well, he thought to himself, because he figured he had tuned out for at least a minute.
 Then it came, as it always does in these conversations. Julian was relieved it wasn’t him who asked the question.
“So are you seeing anybody?”
She knew damn well that Julian didn’t see anybody. Seeing somebody was a common person practice and Julian was anything but that. He never saw people. He fucked them. He always told Michelle she was the only woman he would ever love.  
“No. No. You?”
“No. Nobody”
“I was wondering” Michelle went on “If you wanted to get a cup of coffee sometime”
Julian instantly remembered Matt Damon’s speech in Good Will Hunting about how ridiculous getting a cup of coffee was. He was also wondering what she was thinking. He had always though the break up was amicable but what was this all about.
“Sure. When?” He asked
“Tomorrow night” She replied
Another engagement he’ll have to cancel. Oh well. It’s the price you pay, he thought.

“Where shall I meet you? Elaine's?”
“Why don’t I just come around to your place?”
“OK”
“8 O’clock.”
“Make it 9.”
Always with the upper hand.
“OK I’ll see you then.”
“Until then.”
“Until then.”
They said their good-byes and it was done. Julian sat back and thought that maybe this was too good to be true. Then he realized what day it was. It was Julian Jones day. It was only natural that she should be calling today. She was one of the many New Yorkers who were now aware of the Bard. She made no mention of him though. She was a smart girl. She wasn’t going to give in that easily. The phone then rang again. It was Jack.
“Well fuck me dead. I’ve just walked past a dozen newsstands and the Player is outselling everything today. You’re a fucking genius. If you were here right now I’d bend you over the hood of this gorgeous Porsche parked right here in front of me.”
Jack was out on the streets looking at newsstands and seeing what people were buying and why. It was one of his little habits. Julian sat back and glowed some more knowing that Jack Snitzer never handed out compliments and in ever since the Bard appeared he had been showering Julian in them.
He was only human.
This story was huge.
 


Jose didn’t see her all day. He knew she had classes today but she must just be skipping to do some catch up. Maybe she’s sick. Jose was optimistic and said to himself that it was probably a good thing that she wasn’t here today. He hadn’t been himself lately and maybe he could take some time to relax and think about something else for a while.
He knew he had little chance of this. He worked in slow motion. He was hearing her voice over and over in his head. Repeating and repeating similar to when one has a song in one’s head. He cleared his head and walked around the yards once more, emptying trash cans he had emptied only an hour earlier. He seemed to be walking around in circles. He was completely without direction. He was sailing a ship through the thick fog that was this day without her. He knew that she would most likely return tomorrow but that was small consolation right now. His was not a normal mind at the moment and it didn’t operate like that, with such logic. He needed constant reinforcement. He needed her here now, for him to see. That was all. Surely that wasn’t too much to ask.
After a painful last hour in which he had achieved even less than the previous couple, Jose decided it was time to leave for the day. He grabbed his bag and walked out of the gates on the opposite side to the one he had been leaving through the previous couple of days. As he waited at his usual bus stop, he reached into his bag and started reading the New York Player he had purchased that morning. He hadn’t had a chance to read it yet and had put it straight in his bag. He now noticed, with great delight, that Julian Jones had the banner piece. Jose couldn’t remember the last time JJ had the front page. It would have to be close to a year, he thought as he began to read.
Jose sat on the bus as he finished the story, amazed at its content. The kind of amazement one gets from experiencing pure genius, like after seeing a classic movie or hearing a piece of beautiful music. This time, however, the genius was not Julian Jones’. It was the Bard’s.
Jose had always been fascinated by serial killers. He read countless books and watched endless documentaries on the subject. It was his hobby horse. There was something about them that appealed to him. It was also like they were the ultimate anti-hero. Bogart meets Jack the Ripper, He was not condoning what they do, he would always say, but he was interested in why they did what they did and how they went about it in so methodical and routine a way. It was, after all, their profession and their passion.
Jose stared at the poem over and over. He seemed transfixed by its beauty and its simplicity. What sort of mind could produce such violence and cruelty one minute such simple and understated beauty the next.

Julian sat in his office still basking in the glory of it all. He was busily changing his voicemail message on his phone, as he didn’t like the sound of his voice on the current one. It needed some more gravitas to meet the man he now was in the wake of The Bard. 
He then started surfing the Internet for more research. He started to wonder what he would include in his next piece. He thought he might leave work early and buy that new suit he had been eyeing. He started thinking about what he would wear for his date with Michelle the following evening. He started to wonder if he should send his parents a copy. They would probably see right through that, he thought. He wondered if his cocksucker of a college roommate, the Oscar winning pill popping closet homosexual, had read it yet. Julian had seen him a few weeks ago and cocksucker had asked in a patronizing was “Are you still writing for that little paper?”
Julian printed a story the following day under the headline ‘That’s My Oscar!’ in which he claimed that a former Nazi soldier and neighbor of cocksucker had written all of cocksucker’s Oscar winning scripts.
He wondered if Michelle was going to want to come with him to the Vanity Fair party on New Year’s Eve.
He wondered how he could ever have been out of the game.
He wondered how many New Yorkers had a new nemesis in the Bard.

Julian walked home and thought he must have been recognized by at least a dozen poor saps who weren’t him. He relaxed in his apartment with another news program of which he was growing fond and rolled a joint. He had taken all of three puffs when he nearly choked.

 “....The man is known as the Bard due to small poems he leaves at the scene. Police have no comment at this time but we were told that there were no suspects and no leads whatsoever  ...”
Julian’s day could not get any better. He poured himself a large Glen Livet and slowly got stoned. He knew his ‘friends’ in Washington would be calling him soon, but he didn’t care. The stuff they had couldn’t compare with what was coming from the deep dark streets inside his head. Julian now had a source who was always available and easy to track down. Julian Jones.

Michelle was sprawled out on her brown chesterfield couch. It was a three-seater and she would often lie on it and watch movies on her 60-inch Sony television. She was sipping a gin and tonic from a Waterford crystal glass and listening to Vivaldi on her Rotel sound system. The TV was on and the sound was down. She was wearing jeans, rolled up above the ankles and an old tee shirt. One of the beauties of being a writer, she had said, was that you could wear whatever you like.
She was studying the cover design for her latest book. She was quietly impressed.    
It was a blurred photo (weren’t they all these days) of a field of crops merging into an ugly cityscape. Unfortunately she wasn’t that impressed with what was printed on the pages. It had been a while coming because of the break she took from writing after the huge success of her previous book. That book was about her break-up from Julian and she was pretty sure he would notice. This one was about a young couple working on a kibbutz in Israel and realizing that the potatoes being farmed are to be used as McDonalds French fries. It seemed like a good idea at the time and a lot of people told her so, but the finished product was a piece of shit. She knew that it didn’t matter and that it would probably sell well though. That didn’t really ease the pain.   
She was astoundingly intelligent but was quietly modest about it. She only spoke when she had something intelligent to say. She was always going to outgrow The Player. She collected antiques and stamps on her passport. She had been to every continent. All she had to do to light up a room was enter it. She was Fluent in six languages. She became a writer because she wanted more money at a young age and because she wanted freedom. She initially saw Julian as a great chance to make some great contacts but eventually grew to love him. Why? She still didn’t know. He certainly led an exciting life but she knew that he would either burn out or fade into stereotype. It appears he had done both.
She sat with the French doors to the terrace open and a cool breeze dancing around the apartment. She got up to close them when something on the huge Sony screen made her stop. It was pure luck that she caught the image as it wasted no more than ten seconds of the atrocious-tie-wearing newsreader’s time but there it was. A quick mention of the Bard. She could tell because they showed footage of the New York Player headline along with a man who was probably a policeman, judging by the fashion illiteracy, refusing to comment as he bustled past a news crew.  
All this from Julian’s story.
This was a big deal
Julian had never been so big.
The wave of public opinion was swelling. Time to wax down the surfboard and catch a ride.
 


Boris Tucker sat in his apartment. He was the best reporter in New York City and he wasn’t the only one who thought so. He read with interest about the Bard and wondered why he had heard nothing. He had the best contacts on the police force. He used to get the best scoops and run the best stories of anyone in the city. How could he be beaten to the punch on a golden story like this, by Julian Jones of all people?
His apartment was large and well furnished. As well as being the best newspaperman in town, he was a feature writer for Rolling Stone, GQ and Time. He had written several books including three novels. He was the nineties’ Tom Wolfe. He had won the Pulitzer a couple of times. He gave a class at Columbia. He was a Harvard grad. He had worked as a freelance speech writer for numerous senators and other politicians. He was two years younger than Julian Jones but streets ahead of him in talent and charm. He was the dream son-in-law. He had been a guest on Letterman and the Today Show as well as Larry King. He reported from the front lines during the Gulf War and made his name. He was honest and successful. He had achieved. He had done it by being the best at what he did. Nobody denied that. Julian Jones was even heard to praise him once.
His apartment was movie star huge. He bought it after he had sold his first novel to Warner Brothers for more money than he had ever seen. There had still been no sign of the movie though. He wasn’t married and was a leading contender for the title of the city’s most eligible bachelor. He only ate the finest food and drank the finest scotch. His cheese and bread came from the finest merchants in Little Italy, as did his fresh produce. His scotch was acquired on weekend trips to Edinburgh. He rarely ate at home however and was regularly seen frequenting the best restaurants in town. Julian Jones had spent years cultivating power, influence and savvy, the likes of which Boris Tucker happened upon easily and in abundance. Boris was Kennedy to Julian’s Nixon. Being a highly respected and comfortably natural member of high society came naturally to Boris Tucker.
Boris Tucker sat in his apartment and watched two news services on his matching plasma televisions. He had never bothered with Julian Jones. They were soldiers fighting a different war but now they had a common enemy, The Bard. Why had Boris heard nothing about this latest news winner? He switched off the set as he heard the phone ring. He already knew it would be Nigel Maher, Boris’ supervising editor at the Times. He called every night at this time for his post mortem on the evening’s electronic media.
Nigel was an older version of Boris and treated him like a proud father would a gifted son. He was an Englishmen and a fellow of Oxford no less. He had worked on Fleet Street before it became the world center for billionaire dick comparison. He was a prize acquisition for the New York Times and his salary was a good indication that they knew it. He was as English as one could get and he had retained every ounce of his English private school, never been kissed demeanor. He live in Connecticut and drove to work every day in his black Range Rover. His lexicon was pure Englishman.
“What’s the form like?”
“The usual stuff” Boris replied “Murder, mayhem, raping, pillaging. Don’t you just love this city?”
“It is beautiful isn’t it?”
“What’s your take on this Bard thing?”
“Nothing special. We spoke to some sources and they all say they know nothing.”
“Fair enough then”
“It was a Jones piece as well. That marks it off our register automatically”
“Not Wrong”
“He probably got it off his drug dealer or pimp.”
“Yeah. Or he did it as a favor to someone” The two joked.
“You’re not actually giving any weight to the story are you? It’s Julian fucking Jones. In fifteen years he’s never done a story that I would print in the Times. He can write, I’ll give him that, but it’s all scandal and elaboration. You know what he’s like. He probably made the fucking thing up.”
Despite his undoubted Englishness Nigel had no trouble adjusting to the language barrier in New York.
The two of them shared a laugh.
“Oh well. You can’t win them all” Was Boris’ sportsmanlike response.
“That’s the spirit old man. Just remember though. If you fuck up again you’re fired.”
“I would expect nothing less”
“I’ll see you tomorrow bright and early”

Nigel hung up the phone and left Boris in his apartment alone and in a much better mood. He didn’t have time to be thinking about Julian Jones. He had an apple and treated himself to an early night.



Mandy Tick sat in her apartment and watched the news with a hunger and sense that only a rookie reporter could. She was hungry for the Bard and knew that something was up if Julian Jones was the only hack in town who had him. It was her overly cynical naiveté that was dictating to her the fact the Jones wasn’t a newspaperman’s ass and that he must have people on the inside. While Boris Tucker would be quick to concede defeat on a matter like this as that was his overly sickening sportsmanlike way of dealing with things, Tick smelled a rat and it was a big ugly one.
Mandy had no time for Julian. She was drawn to the romance of newspaper journalism and thought it was a trip back to a better time. She saw it as something akin to jazz and stickball. She thought that New York was the place where her job was still seen as the most important in the media world. She was an old fashioned reporter in the girl Friday way who was straight out of a Howard Hawks film. She was Rosalind Russell and Bette Davis. She had balls and she knew how to swing them. She wanted to take down governments. She wanted to be the best. She hated Julian as he was a small time hack who was shoveling the muck and irrigating the parts of reporting which brought shame to the great industry. She was the one person not to acknowledge Boris’ throne as she didn’t think he took his job that seriously. Why else would he need to fill his time by writing novels and appearing on television regularly? She was a good old-fashioned hound who bled every time that something went on that she didn’t have first or at least know about. It stemmed from her childhood where her father’s wandering eye went undisclosed and uninterogated by her mother so Mandy took it upon herself to go out and look herself to see what the nocturnal activities of her father were. What she found shocked her mother and led to simultaneously the breakdown of her parents’ marriage and the permanent mistrust of anything male for the rest of her life. She had no time for men which was a major problem in the testosteronic world of New York print journalism.
Mandy was the reporter who has no life. Who lives through the stories she writes and the people she meets are all tools and vessels to bring her exposure up. She had only been with the Sun for a year but already she saw herself as needing a break before time was up. She knew that her hunger didn’t go unnoticed and wasn’t exactly appreciated by her peers. They knew that she was the type who would muscle in on their stories (as she had done several times) and steal the credit. She badly needed something to hit the jackpot for her. Her lack of genuine people skills were her downfall on more than one occasion. She had a barnstorming approach that nobody had any time for. This was the reason that more junior reporters, although there weren’t many were a lot better than her. They had a delicate touch and could cajole stories rather than beat them.
Mandy called her editor right away with the intention of bringing him around to her way of thinking.
“Hey Bob. This Bard thing. Something’s up. I know it is. Jones just doesn’t do hard news.”
Well it appears he does now.” Was Bob’s response.
“Something smells here.” She barked “I know it does. Maybe he’s being put up by some dirty cops. Their PR has copped a beating lately.”
“Tighten those reins there Mandy.”

 Bob Newman was the editor of the New York Sun and liked to think of himself as a reasonable man and an objective one. Something that was unheard of in media circles in New York. Bob had learnt his lesson the hard way after an incident when he was a senior editor at The New York Times. He was the idealistic youngish editor and the next big thing in The New York Press. He was somebody Mandy Tick would have loved working for. Bob knew this, which is why he knew exactly every move she would make and when she would make it. Bob knew that she was destined to be burned one day. He should know. The story went a little like this.
Over a period of several weeks one summer there were a spate of killings taking place. The victims were petty criminals, armed robbers, burglars, small-time drug dealers, etc. The killers were seen as some sort of vigilante group and the unwritten response of the police was that they were doing them a favor. The rumor then started to circulate that the killers were police officers. Some rogue element of the NYPD. He had managed to find this out by himself and fed it to a young reporter Bob had his lecherous eye on. They both picked up the ball and ran with it as did several other media outlets and when he turned out to be drastically wrong the shitstorm was huge. The police shut up shop for more than a little while and it became very difficult to get any information out of them. On top of this Bob was given his marching orders from the Times as was the young reporter he had his eyes on. He ended up at The Sun. She ended up back home in Nowhere, Mississippi.
Ever since then he had been extra careful before barking up any tree.


 
Chris Cox sat in his small open plan apartment and tried to pick his jaw up off the ground. He was amazed at Julian’s gal. He had really gone too far this time. A serial killer. What the fuck? This was going to be huge. Cox’s mind went to the next morning when he would have every news service and media outlet in the country banging down his door and he was unsure as to how well he could keep them at bay. He had been impressed with the Player’s coverage of events that morning but he didn’t think things would get this big. The Bard was all over the news on all channels. He was everywhere. By tomorrow he will probably be all over the Times, Post, Sun and whoever else wanted to jump on the bandwagon. Cox really started to doubt if he could get away with all this. He stood and watched the news coverage unfold before his eyes and felt equally scared and humbled that he was now a part of all this. He decided to call Julian and to vent his opinion. He knew what Julian’s mood would be. 
“Hey CC. We’re famous man. Have you seen the coverage? It’s everywhere. We hit the jackpot.” Jones was even more excited than Cox anticipated. He had no concept of how hard this was going to be to cover up.
“Are we going to be able to get away with this JJ?
“Of course we are. What do you think I am? Do you think I haven’t thought this through?”
“It just seems very big.”
“Do I have to spell it out for you CC? The bodies that are turning up all over town; those same bodies you went into raptures about; they’re our ticket. They’re the victims of the Bard. They are who he kills. That way we have our bodies and our killer. You provide the stiffs. I provide the words. It’s a match made in heaven. If someone comes your way then the bodies are all there. We can even release names if it comes to it.”
“Are you sure about this.”
“Of course I am. Have you forgotten who you are dealing with? When we report on murders we don’t care about anything except the bodies. Who they were and how they were killed. You can even plant a few of them around if you want. Hack them to bits yourself. Take out some frustration.”
Julian was laughing and clearly loving every minute of this. Cox was taking some convincing. Jones was confident he would come around. 



Julian was the king of the world. His national anthem was being played as his flag was being raised. He had the No. 1 Single. He took the chequered flag. May I have the envelope please? The winner is Julian Jones. He had spoken to his ‘friends’ in Washington earlier and they had nothing for him. Julian didn’t care. Maybe he could invent a corrupt senator. He was the teller of urban legends. He could do no wrong.
His highlight of the evening had been another phone-call he received from Michelle. She just called to tell him she had seen reports of the Bard on television. She figured Julian wouldn’t have been watching as he never watched TV news. It was too real for him. She didn’t know that it was now one of favorite pastimes. She was very impressed when he told her this. Julian knew it would impress her so he got it out as early as he could in the conversation. She had always thought Julian’s news phobia was brought about by his envy and/or contempt of real news. She said that to him once and he didn’t speak to her for a week. That was all the response she needed to know she was right. She did the math and hypothesized that Julian was now interested in watching news as he was in the starting line-up now. He was fit to be called a colleague of someone like Boris Tucker. All of this was promising to Michelle. There was hope for him yet.
He stayed up until 3.
He knew it would only get better.
He’d only just begun.
 
 

 Julian Jones arrived at work and it was already getting better. As he walked past rows of cubicles he could see faces filled with curiosity. They had all known the angry hack Julian. They were now confronted with Julian the genuine newsman. They didn’t quite know what to expect as he made his way into his office. He sat down at his desk and began to check his email. His inbox was overflowing, as he expected, and he started to flick through his in-tray. As he sat there, there was a knock at the door. It was Jack. He hadn’t knocked in a while.
“Did you see the figures JJ? Did you see the fucking figures?” he said.
“No but I can imagine they’ll be special. This Bard guy sure can pull a crowd. Obviously the people want murder and mayhem and not real news to hook them. This guys a fucking celebrity now. He should be on Letterman. The movie will be out next year I suppose”
As he was speaking, Julian had the inklings of an idea. ‘Not now’ he thought to himself, as the time would come. Only he knew when that would be.
“And we had him first JJ. We had him first”
“We don’t actually have him Jack. It’s not like he’s on the payroll or anything.”
“Why are you downplaying this so much? I thought you’d be jumping all over the place over this”
“I am Jack. I’m just more in control of myself than you. Now if you don’t mind, there’s other news to be taken care of”
“Whatever”
Jack left and Julian was relieved. It was painful to see a man such as Jack lose himself in such a way. It’s not like he had actually done anything but he was the editor of the magazine that had. It was achievement by association. Jack was feeling particularly melancholy this morning and really couldn’t give himself a good explanation as to why. He decided to give it no thought and lit a cigarette.



The inside of Jose’s head was thrown into total disarray. Where the fuck was she? What was she doing? Didn’t she know how he felt? How could she do this to him? He really had thought she was different but it seemed that she was just like all the other whores and bitches. All the fucking sluts. Jose was close to tears. He was shaking.
He went and sat in a toilet cubicle for half an hour. He stared himself down in the mirror. He was breaking up. He was falling apart. He needed to get it together. She was probably just sick. What if she wasn’t coming back? This one was different. He didn’t think he could just move on that easily from this one. She was unique. He could go and see if he could gather some intelligence through eavesdropping on her friends but he was unsure of who they were. Such was his utter devotion to her that he was oblivious to all those surrounding her. He had tunnel vision when she was around and would completely ignore her surroundings. He remembered a similar scene in a film once. There was a shot of a girl moving through a large crowd at Grand Central Station in Slow motion as the people around her all hurried along their way.

Jose gathered his composure and went back to work. He swept and cleaned, determined to concentrate on his job so as not to arouse any suspicion. He walked down a crowded corridor and was busily cleaning when a student nearby dropped a large textbook. To Jose it sounded like a gunshot and he jumped accordingly. A few students noticed this and laughed to themselves but their faces spelled out a certain harmless ridicule, which Jose read loud and clear.
 He gathered himself and walked. He walked and walked. There were students everywhere. He walked to the empty corridor. He set sail for the land of no students. A land where he could compose himself once more. What was the matter with him? Why was he like this? He remembered his youth. There was nothing to report, he just remembered it. It was like he was profiling himself, looking for clues as to how he should act at this point in time. He was alone with the stranger of himself at last. He stood perfectly still and thought that his current disposition would be cleared up through standing still. He was afraid. He was afraid that she had made him like this. He was afraid that she had made him like this so easily. He was afraid that she had made him like this without her even knowing. 
As he stood there, he heard a voice that caused him to jump. Much more dramatically than the book had made him jump.
“Are you all right buddy?”
 Jose nodded a reply as the beautifully presented man looked at him, not out of concern, Jose thought, but out of some dark curiosity. The man would have been satisfied with any answer, and walked away. The well-read Jose recognized the man as Boris Tucker. 


 
Chris Cox sat in his office and was continually harassed by the rampant phone. He had been smoking all morning but didn’t have the warm buzz in his throat that was his comfort and reminder that he was alive. The reason was because he had not been able to get through one without the phone ringing and every person who called themselves a reporter had to have a piece of the Bard.
Julian had told Cox to tell every reporter who wasn’t Julian to fuck off but this was the hardest part of all for the super networker that Cox was. He was taking phone calls from the best reporters in the world and Julian expected him to tell them where they could stick their questions. Of course he did. Julian Jones was the main attraction, the best game in town, the headline act and if Christopher Cox was ever to forget then Julian Jones himself would point him to the name on the marquee and remind him just who was pulling the strings on this operation.
Cox had thought about jumping ship more than once but how could he explain that? How would that look? He was seeing an opportunity to make contacts he could only dream of pass him by. He decided the only play was to stick with Jones as they were past the point of no-return. He would play the percentages; he just didn’t know what those percentages were.
 


Jose was angry. He was angry at himself. His confrontation - as he would call it- with Boris Tucker mad it all come crashing down. Jose saw him standing there in all his New York glory. His expensive suit, his Pulitzer Prize, his job as a professor at Columbia. It was all part of Boris tucker and all part of what Jose could never hope to be. He was a janitor. People would not know who he was in twenty years. They didn’t even know who he was now. Boris Tucker had the respect of millions and could do whatever he wanted. He was wealthy, good-looking, respected. Jose was none of these things and he didn’t need to be reminded. He had been put in his place in the most humiliating of ways. He was nobody. Nothing. It was official. He almost had tears in his eyes for the rest of the day and left early despite still having things to do. He just had to. His supervisor was off sick so he knew he could get away with it.
There was a chill in the afternoon air and Jose was feeling it. He was walking towards his building when he noticed the pleasant aroma drifting from a nearby coffee shop so he decided to go inside. It would calm him down. Just as he stepped up to order a young girl jumped in front of him. Jose had been there before her and she knew it, as did the woman behind the counter. He had been put in his place again. He wasn’t pretty enough. He didn’t look important enough. He was just a dumb spick and she was a beautiful girl. She was dressed well and smelled delicious. He was dressed like a janitor and smelled like one. He was sweating, even though it was cold, and she looked perfect. He held his gaze on her only to have it broken by the woman behind the counter asking to take his order. Jose looked at her and noticed her clearly unimpressed by his attention to the girl. “Fucking pervert’ said her deadly eyes.
Jose ordered a bottled water rather than the coffee that had drawn him here in the first place so he could escape the confines of the café. He gripped the bottle and waited outside. For what, he wasn’t sure until the girl came out.
He followed her. He was angry and belittled and thought this might help. He was clumsy in his surveillance and began to breathe heavily. He was only a few feet from her and she seemed to not notice him. He stood and stared. Standing there and seeing her not see him. She was moving in slow motion. Just like her. It was her. To Jose, he was back at Columbia. She turned into a parking lot through an arcade of shops. His eyes followed. She moved through reflected lights and shadows of the setting sun through the arcade all the time in full view of Jose. She was changing color before his eyes as she moved. Jose remembered Boris Tucker. He remembered the judgment passed at him by the woman in the café. Who was this woman? What right did she have to take such respect away from him? She was a nobody too. She didn’t deserve the top billing Jose’s subconscious was giving her. With a spring in his step and a clench of his fist he gained on her and was right behind her before either of them knew it. He knocked her to the ground with all the force his shame dictated. She must have been startled more than anything as she didn’t scream or struggle. The only sound she made was a puzzled grunt. A look on her face of almost relief as she recognized him as the man from the café. When Jose grabbed her by the air and started to slam her face into the ground she still made no sound. He didn’t care. He felt great. He didn’t feel insignificant anymore. He kept banging her head until he knew she was dead. He looked around and saw no-one. He had gotten away with murder. The feeling of power was overwhelming.
He stood for a moment and stared. She had never seen him coming. He was onto her and finished her off. She was now dead because of him. He was God. He was the director in the stage show of this girl’s life and he had decided to end it and thus it was so. He felt what he could do. What he was capable of. He thought of how many people were murdered every day. She had it coming. He felt so good; he knew it would last forever. He could do anything. 



It had been a while since Julian had been in this type of situation. It had been a while since Julian Jones was this determined to impress somebody. It had been a while since he had been happily ensconced in a relationship. It had been a while since Julian and Michelle had been out to dinner.
She arrived at his apartment as punctual as ever. Julian knew she would be on time so he made a point of leaving work early and smoking a joint out on the balcony before as soon as he got home. He showered, dressed and cleaned up the apartment so by the time she arrived it was as clean as classy as ever.
She looked absolutely stunning. She wore a dress that was a study of simplicity and elegance. She looked like she belonged at a Gatsby party. She smelled beautiful. She put on display everything there is about a woman that makes men want them. Julian ushered her in and kissed her cheek. Julian thought they made a good match. He in his Hugo Boss smart casual. She in her Vera Wang almost formal.
There was plenty of ice to break on the elevator and cab rides and upon arrival at the trendy little bar that Julian was unfamiliar with, they were ready to get things underway.
“I like it. I like it a lot” Julian immediately commented on his surrounds. “Where did you find out about it?”
“A guy brought me here once.”
She couldn’t help but let him know that she was still a beautiful, rich, successful woman who was bound to get play. She didn’t want him to think that she had spent the last year sitting at home, reading the Player and waiting for the phone to ring.
“Oh”
That’s all one could say at such moments.
“It looks like you’ve hit the jackpot, Julian”
“Yeah well. Some days you get lucky”
Julian was still puzzling himself with his modesty and downplaying of his career making moment.
“That’s unlike you to be so modest"
He agreed but couldn't shake an answer free.
“I’m full of surprises”
“That you are. But not quite like this, I wouldn’t have imagined”
“I’m just good enough to know where to look when the shit goes down”
That’s more like it, he thought
“That’s more like it,” she said
   “So tell me Michelle. Why did you call me up and ask me for a coffee just out of the blue like this. Was it the story? Do you think that maybe now that I’ve hit the big time again that my ambition will stand up and face my ego and a great man might be born?”
He was on fire now.
“Well if that’s the way you’re thinking, it’s a damn good start.”
“It’s a fucking good start, wouldn’t you say?”
“If you think so, then it is.”
He was on the right track, he thought. He knew that was the one thing that had driven her away and made her lose interest. The fact that, for all the ego and bravado that Julian possessed. All the reputation and infamy. All of his determination seemed to be wasted on his social climbing. He had a gift for writing but his gift for being an asshole was even greater. His success was a strange barometer of his social life. The more down on his luck he was, the more obnoxious his behavior would become.
Julian placed a good deal of pride in the fact that he was as wild as he was. Michelle was fairly sure that it was a classic overcompensation. He was unsure of himself and deep down he hated who he was. Who could actually be happy doing what he did? 
 Maybe now that he was the flavor of the month again and had a big story that may be ongoing, he could be charming and exciting again. 

The evening proceeded very well. Julian was charming and exciting again. Michelle was Michelle as only she could be. The coffee turned into dinner and the dinner turned into a walk and the walk turned into Julian staying the night.
It was just like it used to be for Julian, but for Michelle it was something different altogether.
Julian’s life was getting better and better. 



Boris Tucker knew that the city never slept. He knew that the hunger it had needed to be constantly fed by a number of sources. He had, for over a decade, fed a good deal of the upper class, white collar hunger for good intelligent news reportage. His was an ancient art, an art under constant threat. He struggled through expanding television channels and news services. Through the expansion of CNN, with its rights to a war. He battled the Internet and a country getting smaller and smaller as it also got dumber and dumber. He kept his reporting honest and pure, as he knew that was the only way to keep abreast of the pack. He found it hard to believe that newspapers would ever die. He looked out at his classes at Columbia and tried to instill this sense of crusading on them. He could see in their eyes that they wanted to be like him. After all, who wouldn’t? 
Boris was writing at his desk while listening to Frank Sinatra on his expensive Sound System. He sat at his antique desk, on which his IBM ThinkPad sat. He always remained immaculately dressed at home until the time came to go to bed. He sat in his study within the ramparts of his cavernous apartment. It had antique bookshelves lining the walls and thick brown chesterfield couches sitting on the floor. He had purchased them all from antique dealers in London, as he had the mahogany coffee table that sat between them. An original gramophone sat in one corner of the room and an original Royal typewriter in the other. They had both been gifts.
He always wrote in here as it the atmosphere was conducive. It also reminded him what he had achieved. On one of the shelves, sat his Pulitzers. On another sat photographs of him with interview subjects and other notables. Conspicuously absent was a photo of a normal life; friends, family, holidays, nothing, just the work.
At this point in time, Boris was struggling. He had seen a lot happen in this city in his years, but now it seemed to be drying up for him. He knew that he could still do it but he just wasn’t happy. He was the teacher’s pet who took his job very seriously. Not only that, he loved his job. He loved writing and he loved the adrenaline rush when he knew he was onto something good. He sat back and thought of Julian Jones. He had met him a few times and admired him. They shared a mutual respect for each other and Jones was always good for a laugh, Boris thought. He used to make fun of his name. The two of them were the kinds of opposites that dramatists would highlight. Julian the outrageous, older under achiever. Boris the conservative, younger over achiever. Boris was almost happy for him. Almost.
Boris was still a great reporter. He would never shout it from the rooftops like Julian Jones but he was the best, most awarded and smartest there was. He still had his smarts and his nous to take with him wherever he went. His frustration led him to try and roll the dice and do something bold to try and get a piece of the Bard. After all, for all of Boris’ gentlemanly conduct and sense of fair play he was still a reporter and he still wanted to get the great stories. Not doing so and being beaten to the punch by Julian Jones was the final straw.



Michelle lay in bed and looked at Julian as he slept. She wondered what he was thinking. She wondered what her next book would be like. She lay back and stared at the ceiling and lamented the last couple. She had written six books and they had all sold well. She used to love what she did but her last two had been a disappointment. She started writing to try and capture the amazing life she was having with Julian. He was like a cross between Jay Gatsby and Sid Vicious. She liked to think that she captured that spirit in her early work and the critics loved it. She figured that once she had the critics on side for her first novel then the rest would take care of itself. The reviews were excellent and the sales followed suit. Once this happened she kept capturing it. Her books were portraits of the world they lived in. A time and a place where cynicism and arrogance were the stamps on the passports of acceptability. Where ego and contempt are the invitations to the parties of cool. Julian had all this in spades and then some. He was a caricature of what Michelle wished she could be but knew she couldn’t. She had loved the lifestyle because it gave her a ride into the dark depths of inspiration. Her books were a satire on the life they lived. Sure, she thought it was over the top, ridiculous even, but that’s why she was there. The books were the life vests for her survival. Without her writing to maintain her denial and cutting her satirical sword through the carnival she would have ended up just like Julian. It gave her plausible deniability. She eventually got out because she didn’t know where it would end. She also got out because the drugs were getting the better of her. She knew that if she didn’t get out then the writing wouldn’t be in her head but on the wall.
When she got out she noticed that it was gone. She noticed that it was Julian who was her muse. She battled valiantly on without him but found that she couldn’t. Was it writer’s block, or something else? Maybe it was an addiction to a lifestyle that made her think the real world was dull and bland. Maybe she had escaped too late leaving the best parts of her behind.
She knew just one thing. She had to get back on board before the inevitable happened.
 


Well now I see that you also see,
You be you and me be me,
Good be bad and bad be good,
You know you should, if you only could,

Just when you thought it was safe to go out on the streets at night again. Just when you thought that this town was rid of its reputation as a challenge to navigate unmolested, we have a new force on our streets.
Last night, New York’s newest celebrity struck again. This time he killed an elderly couple coming home from seeing a film.
Police arriving at the scene were shocked by this gruesome crime, where the bodies were so badly mutilated, that medical officers were unsure as to which parts belonged to which. Once again, as has been the case with all the murders, the intestines were removed, as were the faces. There also seemed to be very little blood around, considering the horrific nature of the injuries, suggesting that it may have been removed. 
Identification will probably take some time and the names of the victims are most likely to be kept secret.

Once again there were no witnesses and there are still no leads. The only thing we are able to tell from investigations is that the Bard is very good at what he does and seems determined not to get caught.
Behavioral science experts have noted several interesting facts in regard to this case. The fact the murders seem to be taking place outdoors and the fact that a couple were both killed at once are both very rare characteristics in a serial killer as is the random nature of the crimes. They have revealed that the killer may be killing in such a random way so as to confuse profilers. This may suggest an intimate knowledge of such procedures.
A spokesman for the police has also informed this reporter, that the FBI may become involved at long last. They were dismissing the crimes as local, but have now been called in to aid with investigations.

  The latest sitting of the Julian Jones appreciation society was now in session. He put in his favorite U2 CD and fixed himself a drink. He rolled a joint and started singing along to ‘The First Time’. He sat back and did a partial reminiscence on what had happened just since the printing of the last story. Mostly, he was thinking about Michelle. It still seemed strange to him that she had come back. Despite his incredible ego and all his self-advertisement, Julian was prone to moments such as this. Moments when he questioned the motives of those around him. He began to think and then realized that it was always him who had the upper hand in the relationship. He began to remember that he had always thought it would be a temporary split. Now she was back. Case closed. Why did he doubt himself? At the end of the day, why would anybody want to live without him?  

Michelle sat in her apartment and was thinking about Julian. She had been doing this a lot lately and now she had as good a reason as ever she was still trying to crack the Julian Jones façade. Julian was like a magic eye picture. She had to look very closely to see the real him. She knew that there was a fascinating story in Julian and she knew that he wouldn’t even think of telling it. She knew what lay beneath the surface was what propelled his outrageous behavior. He had dedicated his life to the pursuit of wild behavior. He dedicated himself to this life because it was all he had. If not for this then he would have been just another reporter. Julian Jones’ life was one big publicity stunt. He used to tell people that he was a high school dropout, when he graduated with honors. He told people he had fucked more women than god and averaged about 45 per year, while when they were together, he was devoutly faithful. He yearned to be interesting. He yearned to be different. He yearned to be talked about. He yearned to have his name be used adjectivally. He yearned for all of this for one reason alone. He was insecure. Massive ego always hides great insecurities. People who are truly secure and good at what they do, have no need for ego; they just know they are up to it. Julian, in a lot of ways, was, but he wouldn’t let himself believe it. It was the artists temperament to think that he or she was without talent and worthless. That is where all great art comes from. The only thing was Julian just maybe wasn’t that good.   
What was Julian making of this situation? She just calls out of the blue and then they’re back on again. She had faith in his ego, though. That would remove any doubt as to her motives. To him, it would be a case of her not wanting to live without him.
 


Boris Tucker was looking for a good time. He was putting in for a holiday and was thinking of going to Cuba. He was going to sit on the beach and write another book. He was going to fish and screw and drink and write and come out the other end a better man for it. He was excited now. He loved the idea of Cuba. He had never been there but he loved the old cars and the tropical beaches and the great cigars. He loved the romantic idea of a great novelist writing a great book whilst living in squalor on a tropical island. He was even more excited now. He was even tempted to call Nigel that night and put in for some holidays. It was a perfect way to recharge his batteries. He needed it. He was losing interest. Watching Julian hunt the Bard was enough to show Boris that he didn’t have that hunger. For the moment, he was finished.
Boris arrived in Havana and immediately felt at ease. Cuba and the US had long ago severed ties and it seemed that Cuba was stuck in that time. It was what small town America could be if it wasn’t so…American. The streets were filled with the big, fat round cars that the fifties and finer tastes produced and the air was thick with the aroma of relaxation. Cuba was a place that Boris needed. Hemmingway lived here for years and produced great work. Boris was here now and it was time for him to live the life of the true novelist. The romantic life of the nomad and the enigmatic life of the loner. He was going Kerouac bohemian. He rented a shack on the beach where man had not been often. He rented a 55 Lincoln, black, of course. He was Ericsson, Armani, and Sony free. (He still had his notebook though). He had an old, black and white television and an even older radio to entertain him. He stepped out on the front porch of his new dwelling and was justly pleased. He knew he had done the right thing and was looking forward to his new challenge. New York seemed, not only far away, but long ago.  As he looked out over the blue sea and the pearl sand he knew a band somewhere was playing a victory march for him. He thought he might have heard one.  He had won his battle and was home. He just knew, the way one can often know when they arrive somewhere and feel a bond, he was home. It was love at first sight. He loved New York but he was in love with Cuba. There were no thoughts of the Times or of his abandoned life. The word abandoned seemed more and more appropriate now as his time had stopped and the words hurry and schedule were just two that he wouldn’t be requiring for a long time.
Boris was sweating and tired and badly needed a shower and shave. He gave himself neither.

Boris sat in his new abode and smoked a cigar. When in Rome he thought. He was determined that his holiday from himself was not going to be spent sitting on a beach. He was there for the experience, lock, stock and barrel. It had been a while since Boris had puffed but it felt great. He felt like a teenager who had the house to himself as his parents have just backed out the driveway for a holiday. For Boris it seemed as though he had the whole world to himself. He drank and drank. He sat in a rocking chair and watched the sunset over the breakers. 
Boris slept in a hammock and was unmoved. He awoke and lay there for a quiet eternity. He looked around his new surrounds and was grateful. For what, he did not quite know, but he was grateful none the less. The shack was one large room plus a bathroom. His hammock was in the corner and there was a bed in the other if one was feeling less adventurous. There was a kitchen in on corner of the room and a bathroom off another corner. He had a desk set up in the middle of the room on which his notebook sat. There was a large couch and a couple of random chairs all facing the television. The room was painted a lime color and all the carpet was a darker green. The place was well and truly a period piece. The light fittings, kitchen appliances and furnishings were all from another time but nevertheless, looked quite charming. There was even a typewriter on a small table in a corner. Boris had looked at it earlier and it seemed broken. He was going to fix that today when he got up, which wouldn’t be now. He sat there and thought about all the suckers and fools who were trapped in their day to day prisons of career and business. The shocking hypnosis of routine and schedule. The blur of the years molding together and this year and next year and the year after all become indistinguishable and identical. Boris started to think and found that he was struggling to differentiate between and of the last five years. He used to be able to tell through the big stories and his novels but even that seemed now to be mixed into one.

Boris was his own mayor, sheriff and president. Boris had decided that there was no time he needed to get up. There was no drug he could not take and no woman he could not screw. He looked back at the old Boris with a willful disdain. He admired him, sure, but the new Boris was the new weapon of choice. The new Boris could do what he liked when he liked. He occasionally went in to town to drink at bars with locals and would always get drunk. He was living a misspent youth. A youth spent at University and the New York Times. A youth spent, winning the Pulitzer and winning the respect of all those around him. What would they think now if they knew what he was thinking?

Boris was relaxing on the beach on morning after a couple of hours fishing. He was writing a lot but he hadn’t started on any major projects yet. He had written a few pieces for the Times and they were happy to take them but his great novel was yet to begin. He was close though. He started to think about her. He hadn’t told her what he was doing he had just done it. He looked out at the beautiful water and along the magnificent beaches and started to think about her.
“Fuck it” He said to himself and reminded himself that he had made the right decision. He sat on the beach, in full view of the legions of nothing and the crowds of emptiness and rolled himself a joint. He smoked it as if it were his first and savored it as he might have his last. He didn’t need a woman to take care of him and define him. He was getting laid plenty in town and he was enjoying slumming it.
Boris went outside and looked at his new chariot. It was big and black and round. Truly the type of vehicle one might refer to as a ‘yank tank’ he bought it for a song and was ready to take it out and see what it could do.

He wore a shirt that was pure lounge-act and cargo pants rolled up over his ankles. He wore boat shoes and no socks and a Panama hat and sunglasses for effect. ‘He was one sexy motherfucker’ he laughed to himself.
He hopped into his new vehicle and couldn’t believe the heat. It truly was hell on wheels he thought with a laugh. He turned the key in the ignition and it started first pop. The owner had delivered it here so he had no idea how it drove. He could have taken it for a test drive but that would have been too practical. No, that would have been too New York. He was in Cuba now. He saw a car he liked the look of. ‘Fuck it, I’ll buy it. Bring it around to my place on the beach’ that was very Cuba. That was now very Boris. 

Boris drove like a bandit. He didn’t drive very often; he lived in New York City after all. He drove now though and realized how much he had missed it as he drove. He missed the power. He missed the captaincy. He missed being in absolute control. Cuba was all about absolute control. Cuba was now his life. He was his own Castro. He smoked a cigar as he drove. He was in Cuba for fuck's sake; he was going to smoke cigars all day. He looked at his reflection in the rear view mirror. His face was covered in sweat and there had been no action involving a hairbrush or razor in his grooming of late. He held the stare and loved the new him. How would he and the old Boris get along? The old Boris would show him to the shower and ask him to remove his shoes before entering his apartment.
Boris piloted the Lincoln into town and pulled up in front of a boarded up shop and behind a ’53 Cadillac. The town was called Los Castos and it was Boris’ local. There was everything a rich bohemian needed. A couple of good bars. A convenience store where one could buy anything. A Bank and even an underground grass supply.

Boris walked into the Bar of Pigs and set up shop at his usual table. It was below street level and you had to know about this place to be a regular. That was the best thing about it. He smoked cigars and drank rum, beer and scotch in varying combinations. The place was pure Bogart movie. It just didn’t look right in color. It was dark, so it barely was. Through the darkness one could see a wall of fame which contained Che, Fidel et al as well as Sinatra, Martin, Brando and Bogart. There was a couple of ceiling fans and they outnumbered the patrons. Cuban music was superfluous as it played in one’s head but it was so soft that it didn’t really matter. Boris always arrived early to get his seat and then would proceed to sit and watch.  The man behind the bar was called Elgo and seemed to have a nearly finished cigar permanently attached to the corner of his mouth. The place was so dead and Elgo was such a good man that Boris was able to call out to him and he would bring drinks over. Boris looked around and noticed that business must have been booming, as there was now a waitress.
She was a typical middle aged waitress in every sense of the word, giving even more weight to the long held theory which states that people of the same profession look the same all over the world. Boris pictured the equivalent in a diner in small town America refilling a truck driver’s coffee. Boris was sure that there were nights ending in clumsy fumbling out the back of the bar when Elgo and his new employee enjoyed each other’s company. She had a cigarette hanging out of her mouth and wore large amounts of tasteless jewelry. If she were a character in a film you would have to laugh at the cliché. Her walk was equal parts swagger and slumber and she may have once been something to look at but probably not.
She seemed to be paying particular attention to Boris and he noticed. After all that’s why he was here; to notice. She waited his table with such attention so that his glass was never empty and his need to ask was unnecessary. After a couple of visits she spoke.
“So, where are you from?”
“America”
“You don’t say”
Her accent made it sound like ‘yodonsa’
“I used to be a New Yorker”
“Cuba’s a strange place for an American to come.”
“That’s what I hear.”

Boris was having a great time. Not only was he a drifter, an outlaw from his previous life. He was waxing mysterious and blowing off everyone who would speak to him. Playing the part of the mysterious stranger to perfection. This was the life he had been missing.
 


Julian was a great admirer of Cleveland Funk, The great Chicago wild-man reporter himself. He was the greatest renegade reporter there was and his work was journalism, despite of itself. He started working in the 60’s and reported on the hippie movement and the bohemian hell that was America at that time. He wrote about an America going straight to hell in a Mustang convertible doing 90 on the freeway with a dozen cops in hot pursuit. Funk had worked in New York in his early years and since had held court in magazines such as Time, Rolling Stone, GQ, Vanity Fair and Newsweek until, as he eternally boasted, he was fired from each of them. He was now coming back for a party in his honor. Julian was invited as a fellow wild man of the press but, nevertheless, a small time buffoon compared to Funk.
Michelle was not going to miss this for the world. A rare chance to see Julian amongst equals. She arrived at his apartment and was fairly convinced he had been hitting it hard all afternoon. Julian was taking a fair bit of time off lately claiming he was doing research on the Bard. He would actually return home and ingest amazing combinations of narcotics and alcohol. Michelle knew all about this and was including it all in her book, which was coming along very well now. She was hitting her target of four thousand words a day quite easily; her output was closer to ten. She was helping herself to some speed and other uppers as well as plenty of marijuana. She was crawling up the walls and getting into the spirit of the real Julian. It was like she was living his life with him. She was unsure how he would react if he knew how involved she was getting with him without actually getting that involved with him.
She only took all these drugs when she was not with Julian. She knew she had to stay clean when she was with him to keep her outsiders view and also to know exactly what he was going through but not going through it herself. 
They arrived at the party and Julian looked well on the way already. He had clearly put in a solid preparation beforehand and was already firing on all cylinders. Their arrival at the party was pure New York late. They walked in and were both taken aback. Neither of them had ever seen anything like it. They were in a bad trip and were stuck here. These people didn’t seem to need the vast amounts of acid they seemed to be on. This place was well and truly fucked up enough.
The place was an underground bar in the village that they later found out was one of Funks former abodes. He owned the place and turned it into a bar when his non-fiction book on LSD became a minor best seller. The walls were painted a dark red color and the music was pure hippie. Although Funk didn’t look it, he was still well and truly a flower child. He was one of those people whose life seemed to stop in 1967 and seemed incapable of existing anywhere else. The majority of the rest of the crowd were people who weren’t there but wished they were. As compensation for this, they tried to take as much acid as possible and figured that would take them back there. It looked as though the majority of the crowd had been there for a good many hours as the drugs had well and truly kicked in. Julian saw acid as a bum’s drug and steered clear of it, he could now see why. There were grown men screaming like banshees and running around the room, terrified of some unseen force. The place was awash with fucked up middle aged men who all thought they could fly. Julian rolled a joint and started cutting some coke at the same time. He was going to show these fucking amateurs that he could mix it with the best of them. Al Berts, a former Times scribe who later did time for sexual battery was there and immediately came over to Julian and congratulated him on the Bard story. He also told him that he always though Chris Cox was a dirty fuck.

The evening was a very interesting one and Michelle knew very well that she was going to be very unlucky to get out of here without a best seller in her head.
There were men stripping off their clothes and setting fire to them. Everybody in the room seemed to have a bottle of hard liquor in their hands and was draining the contents in double time. The air was thick with marijuana smoke and the sounds of Bob Dylan. The crowd was made up of businessman, professional junkies, politicians, celebrities, Hell’s Angels and of course, hookers and dealers. The place was a powder keg waiting to explode. It was the ultimate testament to Funk that all of these people were his friends. The formerly world weary Michelle suddenly had stars in her eyes and felt like a star struck kid in a bizarre candy store. 
She was careful not to look to conspicuously straight but she sat in a corner and took mental notes of all that was around her. She needn't have worried about looking too out of place in this bizarre scene, she figured, as everyone at the party would have been too stoned to know that she was even there, let alone sober. The acidheads probably thought she was an apparition of fire with horns coming out of her head and snakes out of her genitals. She probably looked like somebody they would have no business fucking with.
At one point in the night a gun was fired and at another a couch was set on fire. There were formerly respectable public figures lying down on the ground chanting and others sitting upside down on chairs. A well-known crooked cop who was there was so stoned he pulled out his gun and started firing it into the roof. Funk thought it was fucking hilarious. Michelle looked at Julian and he seemed truly small time wild. He sat in a corner, barely able to stand, stoned and drunk out of his mind. He would have known what was going on but would have cared little. He had been the center of a few conversations but he knew that he was anything but a star attraction at this party and in this company. He felt like Evel Knievel jumping a solitary Volkswagen Beetle; an impressive task for the average man, but nothing special in this company.
They left just after a couple of men started to inject whiskey into themselves with a syringe and two of the hookers started having sex near the burning couch. In the taxi on the way home Michelle stared at Julian at regular intervals. He had a strange look on his face and seemed a million miles away. He was. She started thinking of how fascinating it was. Julian Jones, a man so outrageous in his behavior and determined to shock everyone in a room each time he enters it, being so upstaged by a group of men whose activities and debaucheries were Herculean relative to Julian’s simple and conservative drug and alcohol abuse. 

They lay in bed that night and said and did nothing, they just lay there. They were still wide-awake and sleep was a long way off. Julian finally broke the silence with a comment that was very un-Julian like.
“I’m no good at anything”
It was like the answer to the questions she had been asking herself. Michelle rolled over and pretended to be asleep.

The next couple of days, Julian began taking it all in. Could he really have been living in this world for so long? He saw how actresses were dieting themselves to death and how some others were too fat and so their careers finished and as a result they committed suicide and then there was the movie director who was murdered because an ethnic group were not happy with what he filmed and then there were the daytime television host who was brutally murdered in front of her kids and the priest who was a cocaine addict and pedophile and had mistresses who were whores. There were pimps who dressed in Armani suits and looked like stockbrokers and then there were brokers who dressed in grunge gear and worked form home and had body piercings and tattoos and have a loft and a laptop and this is all they need to make a million per month. There are dot com barons who have the necessary jobs to support their drug habits and then there are the nobodies who spend ten hours a day surfing the Internet for no apparent reason. These people and the peroxide, snowboarding, ecstasy and coke taking youth are the ones who will be side by side as we ride into a New World order. Julian wondered where he fitted in this grand scheme. He wondered which of these New World orders he fit in to or which one he ever fit into. He was an outcast from a self that didn’t know where it belonged and which part of this social mess was home.

He walked down Broadway and started to really notice. He hadn’t before but now he did. There were homeless people everywhere. Why so many. Were they all working men once? What were their jobs? What did they do? Didn’t they have families who would want to look after them? What would happen to Julian if he were in the same position as they were in now? There was music that was blurring all around him. There were people talking all around him about various things that didn’t interest him. He was walking in a trance. If the depravity was the only thing driving him forward, he would have had no trouble at all progressing as it was all he could see. He was on a roll. He was as stoned as he ever had been. Was he contributing to his own moral downfall? Was he the only one who thought that this world was the worst he had ever seen in his lifetime? His life was, after all, fairly short though. Was there an anti-Julian out there somewhere who would love this atmosphere? He was now pretty sure there was. How many of this type of person could there be on the planet. How many of his type of person was there on the planet at this point in time. Julian used to like to think he was unique but now he felt well and truly alone. His own loves and the things he held dear had betrayed him. There was a problem when this kind of thing happens and that was that one had no protection. There was nowhere to hide and nothing in which to take comfort when such a situation arises. What on earth was Julian going to do? What was he going to turn to?
Julian began to remember. He started to think of the time when he was the wild man of New York City. Now he began to think that maybe people saw him as yesterday’s hero. It happens to movie stars and rock stars, why not him. He started to remember, with horror, a time when Burt Reynolds was a huge star and Gary Glitter and Spandau Ballet and Poison and Alice Cooper and he also remembers when Led Zeppelin still put out records and he remembered records and he had plenty and he remembered when he bought a CD player and how all his friends were so impressed and he remembered thinking that they would all be jealous of the fabulous and fabulously wealthy Julian Jones and now they all had them and probably didn’t think that much of him because they were all off getting real lives and here he was still doing the same thing he had for nearly twenty years. He had been given plenty of pay raises over the years but now he was at his lowest ebb. He was now probably at the lowest ebb he ever had been. His life really sucked at this point in time. What was he going to do? Here he was again with another crisis on his hands. Before it was his career. He fixed that with The Bard. Now the crisis was his life. How was he going to fix that? He wondered if it was worth fixing.

Julian woke up in the middle of the night in a cold sweat and a lonely place. He was hot and uncomfortable. He looked across at Michelle and began to wonder if she was ever upset and unhappy about anything. His head was aching and he felt sick. He felt like he was about to throw up and decided to retire to the bathroom. He stepped slowly over the carpet and felt for the soft feel before it became hard tile. The room was spinning even more and then seemed to buzz when the light went on. Julian put his weight on the basin and looked deeply into the mirror. He looked and looked as if trying to look for somebody else. Trying to find the Julian of his early twenties with the lofty ambitions of being a great novelist and then, through the most natural of segues, to Hollywood where he would bring intelligence and cool to a cinematic new wave that he would head before retiring to Cape Cod or some similarly summery locale where people would walk along the beach and try to spot him from a distance beaching himself on his front lawn. Now here he was in his bathroom, stoned immaculate and ready to throw up. Something he was doing a lot lately.

He had been staring for a while when he felt himself hitting his head against the bathroom unit and almost weeping. He found himself trying in vain to weep. Wanting to weep. He didn’t know why but he....

Michelle opened the door when she heard a succession of strange noises. Julian was drunk and pseudo comatose regularly but she thought it would be a good idea to check on him. The sight of an unconscious Julian on the other side of the door was not to be entirely unexpected. The site of Julian in the bath with both of his wrists cut was something she was not prepared for.  She went into overdrive. Everything seemed to simultaneously be in slow motion and fast forward. She called an ambulance and then tried to treat the wounds. They weren’t very deep and were recent. She looked him in the eyes and they were lifeless. He had a pulse but it was very weak. When the paramedics arrived he was stable and they were confident that he would be OK. 

Julian awoke in hospital and began to realize just what he had done. He was all alone. Except for Michelle. Michelle was the one who found him and the one who waited by his bed. Her crusade could have been construed as more research on the fascinating psyche of Julian Jones and she was unsure herself if she was not that heartless. But she definitely knew that the roller-coaster was not getting any smoother. Her latest subject was not letting her down one bit. She had struck more gold.

Michelle finally decided to call it a day and head home for some proper sleep and left Julian alone. He was under constant watch as all attempted suicides were. Julian’s doctor was less than convinced the attempt had been genuine but Michelle disagreed strongly arguing that Julian was not someone who played hard for sympathy.

Julian sat and watched news all day. His recovery was aided by the fact that the Bard was still getting plenty of coverage. There were interviews with forensics experts who were denied access to the bodies. Cox was performing admirably and Julian was maybe getting concerned as he knew what a blatant spotlight stealer and attention seeker Cox was and this may create a monster that Julian may have trouble controlling. Cox was a cop after all and he knew that they operated under an entirely different set of guidelines to other people, especially in New York and especially when their name was Chris Cox.

As he lay in bed and judged his surroundings and watching countless news reports one thing became more and more clear. That was the Bard was less and less becoming his story and more and more the city’s. A product of the city where he lived and worked. New York was the city that he and others like him were the stage designers for the greatest theatre in the world. The theatre that was New York Newspaper journalism.

Julian had the uncanny ability that the best politicians possessed of turning a situation to his advantage and he was now calling on this skill yet again.

He may not have played hard for sympathy but one thing which Julian played for harder than anything was headlines and this was a beauty. Julian Jones in suicide attempt. He started to think it over and began to make a few phone calls to people who knew people who were the right people. He knew that he was the only person in the world to turn this to his advantage. He was going to make a triumphant return like a recovering phoenix from rehab ashes. The second coming was here and it would be better than ever. The mystique and the legend would grow. Julian began to think how much of a genius he truly was. When Jack called and asked him when he could get back to work and if he was all right (in that order) Julian replied in typically grandiose fashion...
“I was dead but now I am risen. Hallelujah”
Jack was suitably impressed and hung up a happy man. Julian checked himself out of hospital on the proviso that he seek professional help.

“Help for what. My drinking. Anger management. Womanizing.” Julian joked. He hated the idea of a mental parole officer asking him weekly if he had any thoughts of killing myself. Julian would reply that when his career needed a pick-me-up he would give it another go as it had worked a charm this time.

Julian’s celebrity grew. As he had been lying in hospital, obituaries had been prepared and they ranged from the “...a scandal seeking lovable rogue with a love of the good life” to the “...grand old fashioned newspaperman who lived as hard as he wrote but alas was never able to move on become the great reporter he could have become if not for his many vices”  

Jack Snitzer was shocked when he had first heard the news but deep down he knew that circulation would probably rise for a while. At the same time he knew that nobody else seemed to have any access to and Bard material so he may be in a quandary if he was unable to find any more about the man who was sending circulation through the roof.



The public sympathy for Julian grew to such a crescendo that upon his release from hospital there were news crews waiting outside. Julian was asked by hospital staff if he wanted to go out a side entrance to avoid the press. Julian looked at the man who clearly didn’t know what Julian was like and kept walking out the front door and made his way towards the oncoming media tidal wave. He answered questions and smiled all the way through announcing to all and sundry that he had had a bad time in his life and he was now on an upward spiral towards the good times and that what had gone before was a bad blemish on an otherwise fruitful and positive time in his life.

He got into a waiting taxi and told the driver to make the drive uptown where he was to meet Michelle for dinner. Julian was back in town. When he arrived at her apartment, Michelle was taking an afternoon nap so she was groggy and unkempt when Julian strode in. She wasn’t unhappy to see him but she knew that the hospital’s insistence that he stay here for a couple of days was not going to make any difference as Julian would just go back out on the hunt for whatever he wanted and be his own king again.

They had dinner that night and as they were walking around the east village after dinner Julian had a call from Jack on his cellphone.
“Julian. Everything rosy?”
“Everything rosy Jack and you?”
“Never better but you’re about to get rosier champ, you’ve just been nominated for the Nelson”
‘That’s wonderful, I can’t believe it. What a shock, it’s a great thrill just to be nominated, etc., etc.; these are just the words I may be saying if I gave a shit Jack”
“Only the best award in feature writing in this town, just the only type of award a hack like you could ever hope to win”
“No Pulitzer then”
“Fuck no. But it’ll do for you. It’s an honor you should be proud”
“You should be prouder. See you tomorrow”

Julian hung up and was beaming with pride. Another awards function where he could be the center of attention. He could not have hoped for better. His attempt on his life was turning out to be a better and better career move the more he thought about it. He started thinking more and more that it was the time to break free of the Bard and go out on his own once more. After all he was about to become a Nelson award winning reporter. Hector Nelson himself would have been proud.

Hector Nelson was hit by a car at the age of 17 and had his hopes of being an All-American quarterback quashed. Instead he turned to the absolutely low brow profession of sports writing but hit the jackpot when while covering a game in which a likely star draft pick was competing, 747 loaded with 500 passengers, a few of them terrorists, crashed in a nearby field and he was the first on the scene. As the game went on and the star played smashed out his knee ending his hopes of becoming a Cowboy, or Jet or Giant or whatever, meanwhile Hector was taking pictures and surveying the scene of the wreckage. When his editor at the local sports rag found out he had left the game and failed to gather the details of the star player’s knee or what was left of it he fired Hector on the spot but Hector sold his photographs of the wreckage to several papers and magazines around the country and pretty much assured his future. 
It was a well-known fact that Hector was gay and when he contracted HIV in the early eighties, he covered it from the inside and garnered sympathy and understanding as only a celebrity could and the Pulitzer Prize and a swag of other awards generously followed. He died a hero and of course an award was struck in his name. Previous winners had been a female reporter whose husband had been murdered shortly before her nomination and an old time magazine writer who was made a paraplegic in a car accident shortly before his nomination. Julian figured that once again his ‘brush with death’ would ensure he won the title.

Julian wolfed down the rest of his dinner and when he accompanied Michelle back to her apartment his spirits were positively lunar. As they went inside Julian was talking at a million miles an hour about his favorite subject once more: Himself.

“I’m going to write a book about this. I’m going to tell everybody about suicide from the inside. What it’s like. It’ll be tragic of course but you know how these things are. What were those books about that child abuse victim that he wrote himself? Made a fortune. Depressing as hell but hey, the guy wasn’t a writer like me. I tell you what. I can write this and then do a number on the Bard as well. Exclusive access. I knew him well. He was a kind man. He was a loner. He was quiet. I tell you this thing just gets better and better. Just as well I didn’t cut any deeper.”

Michelle was simultaneously amused and fascinated by Julian’s behavior and realized that the game had just lifted a notch and conceded she was truly slogging it out pound for pound with Julian. She started to wonder what he would think of all this she started to wonder what she thought of all this. What she was doing was unprecedented. She could be construed a whore for what she was doing. It was unethical to say the least but what did that matter. She was now almost convinced that Julian’s suicide attempt hadn’t been genuine and that it was yet another ploy to garner headlines for himself and to ensure a small amount of criticproofness. 



Cox sat in the mortuary and felt almost invisible in the overwhelming whiteness of the place. He was standing there staring at the latest body to be brought in. He was not much of a person. Fairly average looking and not very well dressed. He was shown into the room by Eddie, the mortuary assistant. He had been here as long as Chris could remember and he always seemed to be happy and enthusiastic like his was the best job in the world. It was a completely inappropriate personality for the job, or maybe perfectly appropriate, Cox wasn’t sure.
He stood there and stared at the body with Eddie in a state of deliberate silence.
“Just think” Cox said “A couple of days ago this guy was just like you and me. A regular guy trying to find something to do, and now he’s here on the slab. Dead as dead and no one gives a shit.”
Eddie gave him a look by moving just his eyes and started to laugh. 
“Yeah whatever.” He said and this actually seemed to amuse Cox.
“Sorry, I just got a bit carried away.”
“No Problem. Now if it’s OK with you I’ve got a burger waiting for me.” Eddie started to make his way away from Cox. “Don’t fall in love now.” He blurted back as he took a seat by his burger.
“Does he have any family?” asked Cox
“Did you just hear what I said?” Eddie said in jest.
“I just want to know if he has any family. Anyone been shown in here.” Cox looked down at the blue and slightly red face and wondered what he would look like when he was lying down in a similar place. He wondered when that would be. He knew his past and he knew that being a cop made his chances of being here sooner rather than later pretty good.
“No-one. Nobody loves this guy. Except you of course.” Said Eddie.
“I need to take the body. I need to examine him. It’s for a case I’m working on.”
“Sure no problem. Where you taking him? The Winter Garden? 21? A Yankee game maybe?”
Cox looked over at Eddie and smiled. “No. I’m going to give him a blowjob in the back of a taxi on the way to meet my parents. Then on to Starbucks for a decaf mocha”
“Y’all have fun now. Need a hand?”
“Yeah. That would be good.”
With that Eddie helped Cox take the body into a mortuary van then threw him the keys. 
“Now Eddie. About the paperwork. I’d really appreciate it if we could sort this out later. You see this one goes all the way to the top and I hope I’m wrong but if I’m right, then you could be in trouble.” Bravo thought Cox. Bravo indeed. Eddie gave him a serious look and a nod to say that he could count on him.
The self-importance Cox had just let him in on had worked a charm. This would probably make Eddie’s year.
“You kids have fun now”
With that, Cox was away. 

Cox started driving uptown on the FDR and was taking in the brisk night air. He never had a problem with the cold and tonight he thought was just perfect. He was taking extra notice of everything at the moment as he was so nervous. He decided to take the body to a prominent location so the rest of the media could see it and give the Bard some credibility. He knew just the spot. He took the next turn off which took him into mid-town and he turned a few corners and there he was. He took a few more corners and arrived at the entrance to a dark lane. It was almost completely black and he couldn’t see a thing. He turned off the headlights and killed the motor. He rolled on a little further then pulled to a stop. He slowly got out and stumbled around in the dark. He resisted the urge to take out the flashlight he had packed but he looked left and right towards the streets than ran each way but they were both dead. The streetlights made them look like still lifes.
He slowly opened the back of the van and slid the body out the back. He held his foot on the gurney so as to not pull it out as well. The bloated and heavy body of this former citizen then fell on the ground with a soft thud. He left him there as he put on the overalls he had brought along and filled the pockets with the tools he would need: a hacksaw, two sledgehammers, a large machete and an axe. He then put on a pair of latex gloves. The only light in the area was the illumination from the van for the door being open. The wind was icy cold but Cox felt none of it. He was sweating and panting. He was not as fit as he could be, he thought, as he dragged the body into the dark like an actor retiring to a dark part of the stage. Cox’s career had consisted of standing in enough dark alleys and shady places to know how to make his eyes adjust to light. He stood there and blinked several times as they did so but he was still in the dark and on his own. He knew he was safe as there were no window looking down on the alley. He knew this alley as it was the sight of the first body he had ever found.

 He started to remember the day. Snowing for the first time of the season. Very gentle snow like confetti. Her name was Marie Dawson. He knew it was a shit assignment because he had been sent on it. His partner was Harry Hammond. Everyone had made fun of him because he had a name like a game show host and the body of a wrestler. He fathered three illegitimate children and liked to sleep with hookers for free in exchange for not booking them. He was a class act all the way. They had arrived at about ten in the morning and it seemed to be getting colder by the minute. When they drove up and saw the legs protruding out of the dumpster, Chris knew it was for real. It was like the time he went to San Francisco and saw his first glimpse of the Golden Gate Bridge on an angle. He knew it was it but he was not prepared to see it at that angle. They pulled the car to a stop and approached carefully. He saw the body inverted in the dumpster. She had been tortured, raped, beaten, set on fire for a while, sliced up and what remained was hardly human. Cox would never forget the look on her face. Every body he has been to since smiled at him in the same way. He didn’t think about it much but now he did. You always remember your first time.
 Now here he was in the middle of the night about to plant a real body for all to see and to give the Bard some more credibility. 
He took a few more steps back as his confidence in the dark grew. The ground felt dirty underfoot. He felt that he as now walking on some wet cardboard boxes. He could feel his feet making indentations in the cardboard as he backed back. As he dragged the body some more, the cardboard started to ride up with the body and crumpled as he kept dragging. That wasn’t a bad thing as it was sure to remove his footprints and even though he had made sure he wore very common shoes that he had bought at Wal-Mart, he still didn’t want to leave anything at the scene. The satisfaction he momentarily felt at this stroke of minor fortune was undone, however, by a noise he started to hear. What the fuck was that? At first it sounded like it might have been water dripping. What the fuck was that? It was water dripping he thought. It was steady and it was consistent. It was water dripping. It started to get louder. It wasn’t consistent. It was footsteps. It was footsteps. They were getting louder. Much louder. Right at him. Whoever it was they were coming straight at him. He froze. Tried to hide in the dark. He started to furiously remember if there were any doors in this alleyway. He stood there in the dark trying not to breath. He saw a cat’s eyes across the alley from him. Large yellow eyes looking right at him. He was distracted for only a second as he before he heard a sound and suddenly the whole cat was standing there right in front of him. A black cat. It darted away as soon as it was discovered. He laughed at the bad horror movie cliché. Cox didn’t have it easy for long. He looked at where the light was coming from. He could see a youngish man standing in the brightly-lit doorway. He was only about twelve feet away. The man was wearing overalls and looked very dirty. He was a tradesman of some sort and he seemed not see Cox standing there with a body. He can’t see me. He can’t see me. Cox looked down and noticed he was in the dark. The light ended just in front of him. The man just stood there and didn’t say a word. He moved his head upwards driven by his chin in a futile attempt to see better in the dark. Cox stood there and waited for the man to give up confident he soon would. Hopeful he soon would. But he wouldn’t. He kept standing there. Kept moving his head. He then reached for a flashlight and hit Cox with a bright blinding beam. Cox took the hand that he was holding the body with and shielded his eyes with it.
“What’s going on?” Asked the man with a heavy accent.
“I’m a police officer” was the best Cox could muster. Under the circumstances he thought it would be enough.
“Got any ID”
“Yeah sure” Cox fumbled around in his pocket. He then remembered a few things he had learned from being a cop as long as he had. He took out the old untraceable gun he had taken from evidence and fired it twice slightly to the right of the flashlight. It dropped as did the man holding it and threw a quick strobe of light around. Cox stood there for a few seconds and tried to gauge the alley’s reaction to the large commotion he had just caused. There wasn’t one. Everything was just as quiet as it had been before. He left his first body in the alley and quickly covered the distance to the other one. The man he had just killed. He saw that he had shot him twice in the chest. Blood was coming from his mouth. He’d be dead soon. He searched him for ID and found a wallet with three or four dollars in it and nothing else. No ID, no nothing. Probably an illegal. Cox looked again. An Hispanic looking man working a shift in a laundry, he doubted anyone will notice him missing.
Cox looked inside to see if there was anyone else. There was a stairwell and a the hum of washing machines wan the warmth of the room was very soothing to Cox until he quickly realized what he had come here to do. He killed the flashlight and the light in the doorway and dragged the second man into the alley. He flirted with the flashlight in short bursts to see if the alley had any other surprises for him. It was clear. He took the second body over next to the first. He felt his way in the dark rather than using the flashlight. He figured he would use that for emergencies. He took the flashlight and started to club each man hard on the head with it. He didn’t really know why he had used the flashlight to start with when he had two sledgehammers. It was an easy way to start, he figured. He then took the axe and swung it down hard. It hooked into its target with a sloppy thud and a crack. It didn’t take too much effort to remove it again and repeat the process. He swung down harder and harder each time. It was still dark so Cox could only imagine the damage he was doing. He could still feel the definition of two bodies but there was blood everywhere judging by all the moisture. He had still resisted the urge to use the flashlight, preferring instead to feel around the moisture in the dark. He started to imagine the scene that would be lying in front of him in the dark. A pile of legs and arms and heads. He took out the knife. He started making sharp, quick slashes at the bodies below him. He then started driving the knives deeper still. He was sweating uncontrollably. He took the axe again and had a few more swings. He was almost starting to enjoy it. He was taking out a decade’s worth of frustration on these two innocent men. These two men that he and Jones were going to profit off. They were using these two as their alibi almost. He swung hard and fast. He was almost out of control. He was sweating more and more. He couldn’t stop. He kept swinging and cutting and bashing. He couldn’t hit them hard enough. Bash. Cut. Smash. There couldn’t be much left of them. He kept going. He completely lost track of time. He stood there for a moment and thought about taking a look. Could he take the flashlight out and have a look? He stood there and pondered what they must look like. He thought about it and then decided it would be better if he waited until morning. He would wait until he made the anonymous call and was sent here to investigate. Then he could see what it was like. What he had done. What he was capable of. 
He took off the overalls and wrapped all the tools up in them. He then took the Poem he had prepared out of his pocket and placed it on the ground. He took the latex gloves off and wrapped them up with the tools. The overalls were heavy with blood. He placed them in a large garbage bag and put them in the back of the van. He then drove away in the opposite direction of home and found another dark alley and put the garbage bag in a dumpster. He stood in looked at a nearby alley. He wondered what had taken place there tonight. It was no doubt less exciting as the alley where he had spent the night. He hopped back in the van and drove home.
 He went inside his apartment and noticed he had blood all over his face and a little bit on his suit. He took a long shower and then wrapped his suit up in a garbage bag. He then made the call to Julian and went to bed.

Julian sat in his apartment and waited for the call that finally came. On the other end of the phone was an out of breath Chris Cox.
“Julian. It’s done”
“I’m glad to hear it”
“There’s just one problem.”
“My least favorite word right about now. What is it?”
“Someone saw me.”
“What do you mean someone saw you? Who saw you? What the fuck. This is ju...”
“Don’t worry. I took care of it.”
“Took care of it?”
“I took care of it.”
“Care to elaborate?”
“I took care of it.”
“What the fuck Cox. Elaborate.”
“I took care of it.”
“Might I remind you that this is both of our asses if you want to fuck around with this one. You killed man and if you want me to give you a cover then you better tell me what the hell has gone on.”
“Someone saw me so I did them too.”
Julian sat back and tried and did a double take at what he had just heard. This was too good to be true. This was Jones’ insurance policy. The guy Cox had killed would probably have a family. 
“You did what?” was Jones barely disguised but very excited response.
“He was just there. It’s cool. Nobody saw.”
“You just killed him. Right there.”
“I shot him. Then did a job on him like the other guy.”
“Two for the price of one. You can take care of it.”
“I can take care of it.”
“You did him like I asked.”
“Just like you asked. It was a piece of cake. I just thought of you.”
“Cute. Now you sure there’s no potential for trouble.”
“None at all. I took care of it.”
“That’s a relief. I don’t want you to get into any trouble over this. You sure it’s cool.”
“It’s cool.”
“If you say so. We’ll talk tomorrow.”
Julian hung up the phone and knew that he had Chris Cox now. He still couldn’t believe he had gone along with him this far. Not only had Cox washed Julian’s hands, but he had dug his own grave as well.
 


Jose returned home after another night out. He was still ecstatic and exhilarated. His night was one of the best he had had in a while. He put on some music and went to another place. He had killed again and he was really getting good at it. Tonight when he abducted her and started cutting her up it was the most natural thing in the world. It was his destiny, but more than that, he really enjoyed what he was doing. He left the Poem at the scene again and knew that he would be in the papers again tomorrow. He was really enjoying it. He was a star. He was a celebrity. The whole city knew who he was but they didn’t know his name. Tomorrow he might even do it again. He might do it at Columbia. Who knows? He had no limitations that he knew of. He could kill whoever he wanted whenever he wanted. He was really good. He was famous. He lay down to sleep. Big day tomorrow he thought. Big day tomorrow. You bet. 



Mandy Tick was sitting at home yet again. Loneliness personified. She preferred to call it dedication. She was reading the latest book from Tom Wolfe and was listening to a new alternative band that sounded like a cross between opera and jazz. She wasn't sure she liked them but she'd seen the cute guy from the graphics department she had a thing for wearing one of their t-shirts so she thought it may give her an in. it was worth a try. She was about to venture into further fantasy when she got an unexpected phone call.
“Is that Mandy Tick?” said the voice.
“Yes it is”
“This is detective Chris Cox. I’m in charge of this Bard investigation. I was wondering if you wanted to talk. I’ve got a few things you might be interested in.”
Are you fucking kidding me? Do I want to talk? Hell yeah.
“I would naturally be very interested. What are they concerning?” Mandy was trying in vain to contain her excitement.
“It concerns his background. Where he came from. I think you’ll be very interested” Mandy was ecstatic. She couldn’t believe that it appeared she was being handed this on a plate. It was all too good to be true. Cox was, after all, Julian Jones’ lackey. His man on the force. The two of them were legendary for their collusion and corruption. Maybe Cox was making a play for her. Suddenly the graphics guy in the t-shirt was on pause.
“I’m very interested Mr. Cox. What do you want from me? I thought you usually worked with Julian Jones.” 
“Put it this way. He hasn’t been too grateful lately and I want to let him know that he should be. He knows how to play ball.”
“I don’t think I follow”
“You will. I’ll call you at work tomorrow”
Suddenly Mandy started to think that maybe she was being used as a pawn in some sort of game between Julian Jones and Chris Cox. She really didn’t want to get involved with the two of them. She knew they played dirtier than anyone else. But she also knew that if she could get an inside running on the Bard then her life would be made a lot easier. As long as that didn’t involve having to work with Julian Jones.
Cox knew the history between Julian and Mandy. He knew that Julian had broken her heart. Most importantly, he knew the type of reporter she was. He knew she would do the hatchet job first, ask questions later. Cox needed some insurance.



Bard Doubles Up
By Julian Jones
The notorious serial killer known as the Bard who is terrorizing New York at the moment struck a savage double blow last night when he murdered two men in a dark alley in midtown Manhattan.
The murders were once again of a brutal nature and all limbs and both heads were all removed. Detective Chris Cox, who is still heading the investigation says there are still no leads and the police are baffled.
Citizens are warned not to stray down dark streets and alleys and to try and keep indoors after hours.

The feeding frenzy was now in full swing. Julian was at his rightful place at the top of the New York journalistic tree. People were taking numbers to kiss his ass. They were coming from everywhere. His phone was running hot. His email inbox was overflowing. He really didn’t have time for any of this. They were asking questions that he hadn’t even considered preparing answers for. He was in his element. The Julian Jones show. Get your tickets now. They will sell fast and you will not get this opportunity again. The best show in town. A once in a lifetime opportunity. 

Julian noticed several emails in a row form Chris Cox. He had sent them all at once to catch Julian’s eye. They were all marked urgent and they all read 
‘I’m going to call at 10:30 am. Don’t be on the fucking phone’
10:30 am. Julian’s phone rings. 
Chris Cox speaks. 
“Meet me at Madison Square Park at 1:00. Don’t be fucking late.”
Chris Cox hangs up.
Julian Jones thinks to himself as he often does. ‘What the fuck is his problem?’
Suddenly the potential started to creep in. Why was he so upset? What was wrong? He knew Chris Cox very well and knew that this was a personal threat. Cox had been inconvenienced in some way and he was after compensation. It didn’t sound like a problem call. It sounded like a fuck you call. Besides Julian had taken all the necessary steps. There was nothing Chris Cox could do to him that he could not do to Cox tenfold and with more style and panache.

Julian was almost amused at Cox’s cloak and dagger style. It befitted a man of his low social graces perfectly. Julian arrived to find Cox pacing and smoking. He had all the air of man awaiting news of his wife giving birth. That’s what Julian thought anyway. As soon as Cox saw him he began to make his way towards him with a flurry. He had a displeased look on his face that seemed to match his stride. He started talking right away.
“OK now buddy, we have to talk.” Was his opener
“Obviously”  
“Why did you have to go and mention the FBI? They called me today. They want to send someone down.  Managed to talk them out of it but they’re jumping up and down and want in. You don’t know what these guys are like. They’re not Jodie Fucking Foster. They want a piece of the action because they all want their own books and TV shows.”
“Well what do you want me to do about it? You're the lead detective. It's your call to tell them 'thanks but no thanks'”
Cox started screaming. Julian got the distinct impression that he wasn’t getting through.
“It doesn't quite work like that JJ. Once these Feds get the sniff of a big case they're like the clap on sailors.”
Julian liked that line but tried not to show it.
“Chris, you’re rambling”
“Don’t make me say it.”
Chris started to remember one of his golden rules. Never say anything to anybody. He thought that Julian might be the sort of person to wear a wire. He tried spelling it out. He spoke slow and deadpan, sarcastic movie villain style.
“If they start asking me questions, I’ll send them to you and you can explain where this guy came from.”
 Julian’s mind was working at a million miles an hour. He immediately knew what he was going to do and he knew that nobody could do it better. Did Chris Cox know who the fuck he was dealing with? Julian could get by just fine without him. This will get the cocksucker right where it hurts and everywhere else. Chris Cox was a dead man. 
“Do what you want.” was his reply “Is that all?”
“For now” Cox replied
“OK. Fuck off then and don’t call me no more.”
Julian felt like a don. He knew that Chris Cox was a dead man. He knew that he would never see him alive again. What a great story! He just needed Cox to do one more thing for him.
He stopped and added Columbo style. 
“Just one more thing. Take a few days away from the office”
“Why?”
“It won’t work if you don’t”
“What won’t?”
“Me getting you off the hook”
“Ok then”
Julian walked away. He returned to the office and told Jack about his great story.
“Is it the Bard? That fucker should be on the payroll he sells so many papers.”
“This is good Jack, you’ll love it. You’ll see it tomorrow”
Julian went home and went to work.



Mandy Tick was sitting in her office and trying to kill some time. She knew that this day would be divided into two parts. The time before Chris Cox rang and the time after Chris Cox rang. She was thinking this very thing when the phone rang and the two times met.
“Is that Mandy Tick?” said the voice at the other end.
“Yes it is. Is that you Detective Cox?”
“It is. Now are you still interested in what I have to say?”
“Of course.”
“You’ll excuse me if my trust of reporters is a bit out of whack at the moment. You do understand that working closely with Julian Jones for too long can take its toll but I just want you to know that I want no part of what that man is doing at the moment and I want to tell you what I have to tell you.” Cox was raving like a madman. It was a combination of nerves and fear, Mandy thought. Could Jones exert this much influence over a person to sound this nervous when trying to bury him? If he was really trying to bury him.
“Did you want to meet somewhere, detective? Would that be easier for you?” She was trying to calm him down to gather his thoughts although deep down she knew that he sounded almost like he was about to crack and spill the beans. Her morality got the better of her.
“Yeah that sounds like a good idea. I have a place I like to do these things. I know it sounds silly but I am always careful that there aren’t people around who might hear me. What I am going to tell you is very sensitive. It will probably shock you” 
Mandy doubted it. She had gone through every scenario in her head ever since Cox had called her last night. She was prepared for anything.
“How does Madison Square Park sound? Do you know where that is?”
“Yes that sounds good. Yes I know where that is.”
“OK. How about two o’clock then?
“Sounds good.”
Mandy was overjoyed yet had that overwhelming feeling of skepticism. It was inevitable in a situation like this as she appeared to be being handed an absolute dream assignment. She would be able to dine on this moment for the rest of her career. The only problem was Cox. Mandy knew the sort of man he was. The sort of man who could not be trusted. Two o’clock could not come quickly enough.



She arrived at Madison Square Park at two o’clock exactly and immediately caught sight of Chris Cox moving towards her at a great pace. He looked disheveled. His tie was loose. His shirt was out and his hair was limp with sweat. He took her arm and asked her if she was alone. Mandy could have been forgiven for thinking this was a drug deal and was hoping nobody could see them. 
“I’m alone, of course. Are you all right, detective?”
“I’m fine. I just met with Jones an hour ago and I have to speak to you. Have you got a recorder?”
Mandy cursed herself. Cox’s behavior was so erratic that she thought he might panic and freeze up if she brought it so she had left it at her desk.
“No but I could go and get it if you want.” She said, almost pleading.
“That’s OK.”
“So what was this meeting with Jones about?”
“I’ll get right to the point. Jones made the Bard up. He doesn’t exist.”
Mandy was not surprised but tried to act as if she was amazed and flabbergasted. Cox just watched her and paused as if waiting for an appropriate reaction. He was obviously satisfied he had got one as he went on.
“There were a string of unsolved murders. There were bodies turning up all over the city. I happened to mention this to Julian, thought he might have been interested, but he told me that he didn’t care. The next day he calls me and says that he wants these bodies. When I say he wants them, he wants the story. He won’t tell me what for but the next day I buy The Player and there it is all over the front page. I nearly lost my breakfast I can tell you.”
Mandy took it all in and was trying not to beam from ear to ear. This was huge and she knew it and she had it, right in front of her.
“Are you willing to go on the record?”
“Anonymously of course.”
“Of course.”
“No Problem. As long as you keep me out of the paper until the initial shock blows over.”
This sounded more like it. Cox was not one to avoid publicity. He just wanted to make sure it would be good publicity. This also looked good for the credibility of the story. If Cox was wanting to cover his ass, then all signs pointed to true. She wanted to find out more.
“What was the meeting between you and Jones about? The one an hour ago?”  
“Jones mentioned the FBI in the story and now they’re on their way here. When they get involved in an investigation like this anything can happen. It will be harder and harder to cover up, but that’s not JJ’s problem is it. It’s mine. I told him that if the FBI came looking for the Bard I would send them to him and he could deal with them.”
“And what did he say to that?”
“He said to do what I want”
“Do what you want?”
“I don’t trust him. He’s back in the big leagues now and he wants to stay there.”
“Did he say anything else?”
“Yes. He also said that for his plan of killing the Bard to work, then I would have to take a few days off work”
“What do you think he meant by that?”
“I have no idea. I’ve been trying to figure that out. The only solution I’ve been coming up with is that he is trying to frame me. To make me wear this whole thing if he gets found out. That’s why I contacted you. I know what sort of a spot Julian and you have in your hearts for each other. You’re my insurance policy. I want you to print this story to counter whatever he has to say. And there’s no way I’m taking time off work while this goes down.”
“Did he say anything else?”
“No. That was all. Is that useful for you?”
“Very useful Detective”
“I have to get back to work now before I’m missed.”
He walked off and Mandy watched him jumping at the shadows. If it wasn’t so tragic it would almost be amusing. Mandy stood there and watched him and despite everything, was convinced he was the real deal. Convincing Bob Newman would be the hard part.



“Absolutely not” Bob Newman was barking at Mandy like a father whose daughter had just asked to borrow his car. “I’m not going to get stung on this one. You know what Cox is like, Mandy; I really didn’t think you would be this stupid.”
More told-you-so dad speak followed. Mandy was standing there and taking it all. The two of them were in Newman’s office but he was raising his voice to such a degree that they might as well have been in the middle of the newsroom.
 “This is a classic spin-sting operation. It’s the oldest trick in the book. You know that Jones and Cox are working together. You know that Cox is Jones’ lapdog. Cox comes running to you because he knows you have a hard-on for Jones because he fucked you in college, and he gives you this sob story and hopes you will bite, which you have. He then hopes the story gets into print so he can then come out and say that it’s all bullshit and he can’t believe that you would print this. That makes the two of them bulletproof against any further investigation.
He sat down and emptied a glass of dark colored liquor.
“Look.” He said and paused sank into a blank staring deep thought. “I know these two are corrupt as they come but we don’t have it. Don’t try going to win a Pulitzer on this pony. It’s not worth it.”
“I really think Cox is on the level”
“That’s because he’s good at what he does. Look Mandy, I don’t doubt that Jones could be capable of something like this but I don’t think that Cox would come forward and tell a reporter about it. Think about that for a minute. Knowing what you know about Chris Cox, if you were him, would you have done what he has just done? He will almost certainly lose his job, not to mention his pipeline into Jones, which means his contacts with hookers and dealers and all sorts of wonderful people that the two of them call friends. The whole thing reeks of a sting and it’s not going anywhere near my paper.”


 
BARD COULD BE DIRTY COP
By Julian Jones
Detective Chris Cox, the detective in charge of the Bard investigation is today on the run after it has been revealed he is the prime suspect in the case. He has no alibis for any of the murders and his refusal to cooperate with the FBI is known to have raised some eyebrows.

Cox has had his fair share of glory on the police force in recent years and is chiefly responsible for the weakening of several New York crime syndicates as well as noted drug dealers. 

However, there were suspicions surrounding Cox’s techniques as large sums of money and hauls of drugs were reported stolen from Cox’s precinct. No charges were ever brought against him.

A career renegade Cox has been involved in several shoot-outs with underworld figures and drug dealers where innocent bystanders have been killed. Sources have said that many of these shoot-outs would have been avoided if not for Cox’s violent demeanor and short fuse.

“He is a very violent man” one former colleague said, “We were always very afraid of what he might do. He would often joke about what steps he would take to avoid capture if he had murdered someone.”

According to several sources, Cox was also particularly fond of poetry and the arts. A known drug user, there were times he would arrive at work, clearly under the influence of drugs and quoting literary references.

Cox is considered extremely dangerous with a history of underworld betrayal, police corruption and now suspicion of mass murder. The streets will not be safe until he is brought to whatever justice the city sees fit to carry out on him.  

Perfect, Julian thought. He had been thinking this a lot lately. He was playing god again and it seemed a part that would win him the Oscar. The people in his life were less and less people and more and more playthings for Julian to work into his schemes and twist to his good effect. He walked the streets and all he saw were people who he could influence and shape. How easy it was both delighted and shocked him.
He walked and thought of how there are unseen hands moving the chess pieces on the board that was one’s life. He knew that for now, he was moving some pieces of his own. He was walking tall with the power he felt. James Cagney was nobody compared to the Julian he was now.
He knew that this story would administer New York retribution on Cox that would be beautiful. Beautiful in its swiftness and precision and beautiful in its predictability. Julian felt a power unlike he had ever felt before. The power to indirectly take a life away was amazing. That was a rare and real power. A power that rarely seems to be in the right hands.  

It happened quickly and efficiently as these things always do. Julian deliberately held back on reporting the story. The rest of the town went wild. He felt like an artist standing in a corner at a gallery and watching everybody else admire his work. The town had a field day. Cox was put on trial and executed all in one. The kangaroo court that was public opinion had passed their verdict. Cox now had a bullet in his head and Julian had the Bard all to himself.
 On the surface, one might have thought it would have been difficult to keep the Bard going after this but Julian had a few tricks up his sleeve.  
 


BARD STILL ALIVE
By Julian Jones
In a stunning turn of events it appears that the city’s most dangerous serial killer, The Bard, is still alive. It was thought that recently deceased disgraced policeman Chris Cox was the killer but it appears that The Bard is still at large.

The story came to light when The New York Player received a letter from a person claiming to be the Bard. It was addressed Dear Boss, and read as follows.

Dear Boss,
It appears you are on top of your game,
Your ducks your drakes, none of them lame,
Ask yourself people, what have you done?
Chris Cox, is he surely the one?

Boss, as you are an intelligent man and the one who seemed to discover who I was and who I am I shall give you the pleasure of my story. Cox was not the Bard. Good god no. He wouldn’t have had the creativity or the talent to do what I do. He was a dirty cop who deserved to die, but don’t be taking my glory away from me. All my work up until now. All my ability, all my loving of my prey, all my verse. Tell me, would I have come this far if I wasn’t serious.

I know what you think and surely you must. I am a fraud, writing a letter to get on the front page of the paper, but tell me dear people, can you afford to take that risk.
 
Lovingly yours
The Bard

Addressing the letter Dear Boss, the author is making a direct reference to Jack the Ripper who addressed several letters to Scotland Yard the same way.

If the letter is genuine, it appears that Cox has been a victim of the press and for that, we should all be ashamed. On behalf of the New York press, I apologize.

Cox was brutally murdered recently after allegations of theft of drugs and money from underworld crime figures came to light. He was widely suspected of being the Bard after his homicidal personality and violent past were revealed by sources close to him.


There is unfortunately, only one way we can tell if this letter is genuine, and that is to sit back and wait for the Bard to strike again.  

Julian sat back and laughed and laughed. He was a genius; that was unquestioned. How could anybody stop him? They couldn’t. His apology to Cox; he laughed so hard when he wrote that he had tears in his eyes. This would be a front-page story. They weren’t going to kill the Bard that easily. Julian started to feel affection for the Bard. They were two of a kind.


 
As part of his flavor-of-the-month-ery Julian was invited to a tribute dinner to former legendary gossip columnist Hattie Wilson who was dying of lung cancer. It was bound to be a typically A-list ass kissing self-promotion extravaganza. Hattie was the grand dame in her day. She was a former starlet wannabe and gradually progressed to part time producer and critic. She grew bored of that very quickly as the glamour just wasn’t there so she started to use her contacts in the industry to take her enemies down as any good reporter does. She was a familiar site in Upper East Side cafes at her typewriter with a cigarette permanently hanging from her mouth and an aura of old time Hollywood all around her. The 2 packs a day had finally taken their toll on her and now she was nearing the end. 
There was nothing like a near death celebrity to bring out the low rent A-list. The hangers on, pseudo celebrities, socialites and the famous for being famous. Julian was in his element in this crowd as the latest curator of his own kind of low rent A-list. 
Hattie had been yesterday's news for years and Julian would have guessed she would have been pleased to be ailing as it made her relevant once more. She wouldn't be happy when he entered the room; near death beats deaths door every time.
Julian was overwhelmed at the arbitrary and transparent displays of superficial emotion meeting Ms. Wilson as she struggled to speak and stand. Julian looked at her with a sense of wonder as she was one of the reporters who Julian aspired to be like. She was the true iron lady of scandal and gossip and to her New York was just a huge laundry basket. Never one to sell himself short, Julian claimed he could dish dirt as well as anybody but was always impressed with Hattie but she could never hold a candle to Julian as far as ‘real’ news was concerned. Whatever that meant.
Julian started to wonder what it was about celebrities that made the everyday things they did so interesting. Julian knew that he was more interesting than the average person but this room was full of the “famous for being famous’. He felt bitter and resentful. There was name dropping and air kissing. These people didn’t deserve this, he thought. He was more famous than anyone else in the room. He was more talented than anyone else in the room. There were people here who had no idea who Hattie actually was. They were here for the people who would also be here. Hattie used to have such power in the industry- the ‘bidness’- that she would be wined and dined by the glitterati, the establishment and numerous others who wanted their names out of the papers. There were others here who would give a limb to their pictures or names in the papers for any reason. That was why these parties could be a pathetic display of faux matchmaking. The not-famous schmoozing with the famous who wanted nothing to do with them but were too conscious of their image to tell them to fuck off. They would rather be seen with them and flirt back lest they be seen as rude or arrogant which had the effect of a drought on their image farming.
One of the real reasons Julian was looking forward to this particular party was the search for his own personal El Dorado. He knew the real power Hattie had. The thing that made her more powerful than anyone else in the business was what she chose not to report. There were stories aplenty of her being there when the real shit happened. In the sixties and seventies when a party like this would have been full of G-men and spies, the drugs would flow and the lips would loosen. Hattie was adept at supplying just the right amount of lubricant and journalistic entrapment would ensue, which she duly kept to herself. That’s what made her so good at what she did. Another was the way she looked. She was a stunning blonde, with smooth golden skin that covered her shapely breasts and long legs. She bedded a lot of influence and left a string of ex-husbands in her wake. How she stayed out of the papers herself was anyone’s guess and everyone’s theory.
In later years as her looks faded, she coincidentally took on the services of a young stunning looking assistant by the name of Eloise Lacienda, who, rumor had it, took over Hattie’s exhaustive linen based workload to keep getting the same results. Julian figured that between the two of them, the El Dorado of secrets and lies existed and he was determined to find it. He spotted Eloise standing in a corner and went to try it on.
“Love your work.” He said
“Is that the best you can do?”
“Not by a long shot. But when is the opening act better than the headliner?”
“I only turn up for the headliner.”
“So is this why Hattie kept you around?”
“No, I’m her lover you see.”
“Lucky girl.”
“I am indeed.”
“Do you ever read The Player?”
“Never heard of it.”
“I doubt that.”
“Of course you do.” She paused and then looked at Julian for the first time before going on.
“How long do you think we have to do this before I’ll ask you into the bathroom for a blowjob and a line of cocaine?” She asked.
“What’s your record?”
“20 seconds ago.” She said “What’s yours?”
“30 seconds ago.”
“I’ll bet.”
“What’s yours?”
The latest response made her do a double take. It was a simple trick from an old dog. He learned it from a movie star once. Her response didn’t match the others but it was just the response he was looking for.
“Weren’t you listening?”
“No. I was just looking. What were you saying?”
Julian sized up the kind of girl Eloise was. He knew she wouldn’t just walk away without having the last word. A word that was a long way off after his one-upping.
“I was saying how much I love you work and how The Player is my daily bread.”
“I wish I could say the same but it must be tough being this year’s model to a dried up old hag. Sucking the cocks that her lips are too wrinkled for.”
Whenever there was a challenge to say, not necessarily the wittiest, but at least most memorable thing, Julian was up to it.
“Your lips still look equal to the task.” She said.
“You should see my cock.”
“You should see your cock.” She said “It’s bulging at the sound of your own voice.”
“It’s only human.”
“It should be so lucky.”
She was a theory made flesh and barely worth the effort. She was one of them you hear about. A person who exists only in celebrity. Julian had to keep talking because she had not gone away. Why would she? She wanted more. He was the man of the moment. This is what she lived for.
“So tell me princess. Where does someone like you come from?”
The same place as you.”
This was getting tedious, he thought. She had nothing intelligent to say so would litter her replies with coy questions and road blocks sassed up to look like attitude and wit. Time to end this.
“I don’t think so.” He said. “I’m not covered in post-coital fame like you. I earned my stripes, they’re not painted on. Now if you’ll excuse me I’ve had enough of slumming it for one night.”
Julian walked away and joined another mutual admiration club in another corner of the room. He was like a lawyer who had just buried a witness in a ruthless cross. He didn’t listen to a word anyone had said to him for the rest of the night. He insulted and insinuated at everyone in earshot. He was riding so high he couldn’t be stopped. Nobody was his equal in moments like this. He had stopped looking for El Dorado now. He had found his own. An El Dorado he had made himself. Who here could claim that?
‘Get a life’ He could hear himself screaming at these people as he worked the room. At least he did something with his life. At least he worked for a living. He had brought the Bard into the world. He didn’t need somebody else to define his fame as Eloise did. He wasn’t dining out on a moment ten years ago when he was somebody. He was the here and now and he was going to let everyone in the room know, if they didn’t already. ‘Fuck them’ he started screaming to himself. ‘Fuck them all. I’m the real deal here. Not you’
He went home.  

 

Julian’s period of hyperactivity continued with a series of A-list events of the like that he once would have only dreamed of. He was a guest on Larry King Live and a Barbara Walters special as well as 20/20 and was featured on entertainment tonight. His time had come and he was the hot ticket. He stood out of the shadows in the traditionally dark and old school world of newspaper journalism. His was the profession of the hard drinking hard smoking grouchy crusty old men. Not the new age kind that has their Julian Jones’ and especially not the Boris Tuckers of the world. 
 Julian was becoming a new kind of hero but his only problem was this, he was playing second fiddle to the Bard. A man who didn’t exist. No matter how many interviews and appearances Julian put in he was playing second fiddle to his invention. Julian found it increasingly difficult to muscle in to the limelight when he had created a character that could not be moved from it. When it was time for the Bard to be removed from the limelight it may take Julian with it. That was the hardest part of this whole thing and the part that Julian had to execute best. He would have to find a way to move onto something else while still maintaining his high profile. It wouldn’t be easy as he knew how fickle the scandal searching public were and how times had changed. The drug-fueled hooker-patronizing gun-toting law-breaking time-doing therapy-seeking wife-swapping dirty-dealing money-grabbing behavior of the celebrities of today had set the bar so high that he was struggling to keep up. They were scandal sharks that needed periods of perpetual motion in order to survive and event then it was only of interest for the shortest possible time. People had become so immune to wild behavior that the jury was now out on what constituted a scandal. 


 
There she was. There she was, in all her beauty and radiance, in all her glory. Jose knew that he had been a fool and at the back of his mind, he knew that he had been lucky. He could quite easily have done something stupid but he knew that it would all be ok now. 
He had been working hard all morning and now he knew he could afford some flanking. He moved in closer and could smell her. She didn’t look her happy self and Jose detected it immediately. Jose would have detected anything immediately. He was beginning to really impress himself at how much he knew about this girl. If he were to look at it with a sound mind, he would probably disgust himself.
Bells rang, students rushed, hallways emptied and Jose was suddenly on his own again. He felt much better now and was almost unaware of the fact that he now had to change his route home again. To Jose it seemed perfectly normal that he would accompany her home and he knew that once she saw what a charming man he was, she would fall for him. She was, after all, only human. This was the strange way he used to think at these times. Unique to himself and others who he would never want to know.

He sat in his favorite cubicle and imagined. He imagined the two of them together. He imagined the two of them in love. He imagined meeting her parents and them taking him in as their own. He imagined knowing a secret about her that nobody else knew. He imagined the two of them. 
He stopped.
He imagined her in an embrace with somebody else. He imagined her being deflowered by some quarterback looking jock. He imagined her having sex with this jock. He imagined her in love with him. She loved him. He was the son of a lawyer father and a nobody mother with face work. He belongs to a gym. He goes to the New York Racquet club regularly. He went to a school where they wore a tie and matching blazer. He spoke with an accent that was pure upper class. He was laughing at Jose because he thought he might have a chance with her. Jose was sweating. He was crying. He was beside himself. He tried so hard to yell and scream that his whole body tensed up and he was aching with anger and rage. He hated. He hated. He was full of hate. Keep him away for what he might do. He hated. He fumed. He was going to teach this fucking slut a message.  Who the fuck did she think she was? Fuck her. Jose yelled at himself on the inside and struggled to keep it all in. He was fuming. He was tensing. Kill her you fucking fuck. She deserves it.
Jose waited, hovered and prowled. The bell had gone and she would be appearing soon. She must be staying after class to ask some questions. Jose was sweating so much his clothes were a darker color. He felt a throbbing inside his head and his joints were aching from keeping the rage in. There was only one cure form his pain. He heard himself growling like a beast. He had clearly crossed the line. There was no hope for her now. She would be dead by sunset.
She emerged in all her splendor. She was wearing pale blue linen pants and brown boat shoes. She wore a white sweatshirt with surfboards on it. She had a sunflower in her hair and sunglasses perched on her forehead. She looked gorgeous.
Jose was ready. He followed her down to the bus stop and then on to the bus. They had been waiting a while when Jose did something unexpected. He spoke to her.

“So…. Are you feeling better?” He said. He couldn’t have picked a worse thing to start with. She gave him a look. It was hard to tell what sort of look. She didn’t even know herself.
“..I’m fine” was her delayed response
“What was wrong?”
“Flu”
“I hate the flu”
“Me too”
Saved by the bus.
She let him on first. It was a ploy she used so she could sit as far from him as possible. He stood in the second doorway, ready to pounce. She sat at the very front of an unusually un-crowded bus. He knew exactly what he was going to do. She didn’t. 
The bus reached its destination. She sprung off and began to walk with more urgency. Jose was equal to the task and then some. After all, he knew where she lived. He also knew how to get there without walking the same streets. To avoid ever mounting suspicion he cut through a few blocks and waited for her a few blocks from her home. He sat there waiting. 

She had lost him, she thought. ‘Who the fuck was he and what did he want?’ she thought. She had been looking behind her for a few blocks and was now satisfied that it was her paranoia playing tricks on her. She was only a few blocks from home. She was safe, she thought. Relief was at the end of the tunnel but she still had to get home.
She walked, a little calmer now. He waited, shaking, waiting.
She looked around and noticed there was nobody about. She walked faster now.
He looked around and noticed there was nobody about. Perfect.
She walked.
She got closer.
She felt somebody behind her. Before she had time to run he had covered her mouth and was dragging her into a side street. She tried to kick and struggle but it did no good. He had covered her mouth with a towel. 
She felt a blow to the back of the head and then darkness.  
As soon as she was unconscious he picked her up and carried her to a public toilet.
He went to work. He didn’t want to take any chances so he struck her on the head a few more times to make sure she was dead.
He reached into his duffel bag and took out a large knife he had stolen from the cafeteria. He placed her sideways so as not to get too much blood on him.
All of the anger and frustration drove him now. He was out of his body now as he destroyed what was left of her earthly body. 
He pulled his eyes closed and a bead of sweat found the crack in his eyelid and gave him a quick shock. He snapped out of his trance long enough to hear a noise. It was the door opening. There was somebody outside the cubicle. There was a moment of silence. An invisible standoff. Then whoever it was left in a hurry. Jose looked down and noticed the floor was covered in blood.
He had no time to waste. 
Jose stood there transfixed. He stared at what was in front of him and was fishing around inside his head for any feelings he may have had about the whole thing. There were no feelings of exhilaration like before. He was not god this time. He was filled with terror. He seemed detached. He then started to think that he had to leave. Self-preservation took over. He washed his hands and made his way to the nearest bus stop. He waited for the bus, his heart still pounding. He was the only person at the bus stop. Jose didn’t think he seemed overly agitated or anxious or even nervous but he figured he would probably look it to another person. He was sweating profusely, more than usual. He had that uncomfortable feeling of irritability that comes naturally when sweating. He realized he was starting to smell. He became even more self-conscious. Thank god there’s no-one here.
The bus arrived and Jose hopped on and reached into his pockets for money for the fare. He pulled out his wallet and took out some bills he had stolen from Jane. He passed them over and then looked in horror as he saw the driver take the bill. He saw the bill in the driver’s hand. It had a mark on it. It was blood. It was blood. It was Jane’s blood. On the bill. On the money. In someone else’s hand. He looked at it horrified. The driver looked at it. He put the bill in the slot. Jose still looked. There were marks on the driver’s hands. Jose stood there frozen. He was thinking a million things at once. Does he get off the bus quickly? Does he ignore what has just happened? There would be police. They would find the body. They would ask for witnesses. The bus driver would come forward. He could identify Jose. Jose was on the bus with a bloodied one-dollar bill. The river had to have noticed the blood on the bill. If not he would notice it on his hand. How could Jose be so stupid? How could he be so stupid? The bus driver was the key. He was not stupid. He would see the murder on the news in the next couple of days. He would put the pieces together. ‘Hey that’s near where I picked up that guy that gave me the bloody bill...Hey wait a minute... He would identify Jose. Jose was going to jail. Jose took the ticket and made his way to a free seat. He had the demeanor of somebody panicking but trying to look like he was not panicking. He sat there and was sweating more and more and starting to smell more and more. There was nobody in front of him or behind him and he was glad. The trip home was a long one and he would have to sit there on the bus with the man he gave the bloody bill to. The man who could identify him in a court of law. The man who could finger him in a line up. Jose was running through scenarios in his head. He started to think of a story. Cover stories as to why he had the bloody bill. He could say that he found it in the park. He found it on the ground, just outside the toilet. He was in self-justification overload. He was off the hook. It was all circumstantial. He was off the hook. Innocent until proven guilty. A bloody bill was nothing to go on. Good luck with that. He was at the scene though. He was the only person at the bus stop with a bloody bill at the time. The only person at the scene. As if a murderer would catch a bus away from the scene of a crime. He had done the right thing by catching the bus. He had thought about getting a cab with the ill-gotten windfall from Jane’s wallet but he now thought he had done the right thing as it would have been a lot easier for a taxi driver to identify him. This bus driver had only caught a fleeting glance of him as he got on the bus and now he was driving and had other things to concentrate on. There was only one thing to do, Jose thought. He would ride the bus around all night. He had no place to go. He had nothing better to do. He would stay on as long as it took. It turned out that it didn’t take that long. The bus came near the mid-town depot and the driver gathered his things and hopped off the bus. He did it in a very deliberate and proud manner. Driving buses was obviously this man’s life. He probably had nothing else and he took it very seriously. Jose watched the new driver get on and the other driver make his way off the bus and light a cigarette. The bus was still sitting at the stop when Jose decided to step off. He stood and watched the driver. He looked closer and noticed that the man’s name was Bruce. Bruce was a middle aged man with the body of somebody who had spent too much time watching sport and not enough time playing sport. He was a jolly looking man.  A little like Santa Claus but twenty years younger. He didn’t have the beard though. He was standing there smoking his cigarette and making small talk with some other drivers. Jose decided to walk out the back to the employee car park and wait. He was going to wait for Bruce. Jose’s stupidity was going to cost Bruce his life. The bloodied dollar bill was the worst thing Bruce could have taken in his hand that day. Jose started to recollect. Bruce definitely gave him a funny look when he handed him the bill. He was definitely on to him. Bruce didn’t know what was on the floor in the public toilet in the park. If he did, the bloodied dollar bill would have taken on extra significance. Jose wandered around the car park like an expectant father walking around a hospital corridor waiting for his son or daughter to be born. It was dimly lit and had an exit through a cyclone fence onto a quiet lane. The cars in the car park were the sort of vehicles you would expect public transport drivers to have. Old and ugly. Worn and rusty. Solid and loved. Jose also saw that there was a dumpster and some recycling bins in the car park. Perfect. He went over and looked around the piles of trash. He was unaware of what he was actually looking for. He looked deeper into the piles. There was nothing obvious to be found, nothing suitable as a weapon, nothing there he could hit Bruce hard over the head with. He then found a tall soda bottle and thought that that would do nicely. He held it in his hand and gripped it like a tennis racquet. He held it hard in his hand. The tension was causing him to grip it harder and harder until finally he threw it hard against the wall. He stood there transfixed and started to wonder what he was doing. He stood and stared and then realized the loud noise he had made. He looked around and nobody noticed. That was because there was nobody around. He stood and shook and sweated and was really smelling bad now. That was the thing he was noticing now more than anything else. He smelled like a cab on a hot summer day. He thought to himself that this was very appropriate. He saw another bottle similar to the one he had just thrown against the wall and gripped it in the same way. He took a few practice swings like a batter on deck. He was ready to go. He stood there. Calmer now somehow. He tried to summon his thoughts to his first murder but as hard as he tried he couldn’t muster exhilaration. This was all about survival and self-preservation. How many more people would he need to kill? He was not sweating as much now and he could now feel his shirt pressing against his back. It was cold and sent shock waves through his body. It made him slightly numb and it gave him goose bumps.
The door opened and Jose took the bottle and held it on the inside pocket of his jacket so as to avoid looking conspicuous to anybody that wasn’t Bruce, and to Bruce as well for that matter. It was Bruce though. He was in street clothes now and had wet hair. He had obviously just had a shower. ‘That’s what the holdup was’ thought Jose. He watched him come closer and slowly started to flank him looking directly at him. He was trying to see if Bruce was going to recognize him or look his way. He wondered if Bruce would remember him as the man with the bloody note. If he did, he would surely be scared. Jose would have been. What was he likely to do if he saw Jose here? Jose went closer and was now just a few car lengths away. He noticed that Bruce was approaching an old yellow Honda and saw him pulling the keys from his pocket. The Honda was parked against a wall. This was perfect. Out of view. Perfect. Out of the light. Perfect.  Jose was standing one car length across and one car length back. He was standing next to a silver/gray Toyota sedan and had been party noticed by Bruce. He had looked across and said hi in a way that Jose had almost expected. Jose had pretended to be looking for his keys to gain entry to the Toyota and was still startled even though he had anticipated Bruce’s greeting. When Bruce went in between the Honda and the car next to it on the driver’s side, Jose knew that it was time to pounce. He knew it was time but he didn’t know how. He figured he would make it up as he went along. He approached the car and caught Bruce’s eye. He paused by the back door about two or three feet from Jose, who was standing by the trunk, and gave an inquisitive look. Jose went with the flow as his heart pounded again. Jose was surprised he hadn’t given himself a heart attack today.
“Excuse me” said Jose
“Yes” said Bruce
“I was wondering if you could help me”
“What do you need” Said Bruce. He sounded like a no-nonsense sort of guy.
“Do you have a jack? I have a flat and I don’t have one.”
“Sure no problem”
“I won’t keep you long. I just don’t have one and I’ve been waiting out here for a while for someone to come in so I could borrow a jack” Jose was starting to calm down and sweat some more at the same time.
“That’s fine” Said Bruce. There still seemed to be no hint of recognition from Bruce. Maybe Jose was going to be off the hook after all. “Now which car is yours?”
Jose was struck with a panic that he didn’t anticipate. Bruce was a no-nonsense type of guy. A decent guy. A guy with friends. Lots of friends. He would be a popular man around here. He would know what cars belonged to whom. He would know that Jose didn’t own any of them. What chance did Jose have of choosing a car that didn’t belong to a friend of Bruce’s? He would know that something was up. He would retaliate. He was standing there dumb and panicky when Bruce spoke again.
“You’re car? Which one.” Bruce said.
Jose took a chance. After all there were a lot of cars here.
“It’s that one there” Jose made a non-committed gesture towards a few cars parked in a row.
“What that blue Nova just there?” Bruce asked with an ambiguous tone in his voice. Jose was once again struck down. He was in a corner. Was he saying ‘Is that blue Nova really yours?’ or was he saying ‘that blue Nova, why that’s old Jack’s car that’s not yours. It was too much trouble Jose started to think he just nodded and was relieved when Bruce flashed him a quick smile and did the same. He fumbled with his keys and picked the right one to open the hatch of his Honda. When he leant down Jose grabbed the bottle and smashed it hard across Bruce’s head. He swore and cursed and wondered what was going on but must have known right away and a horror would have overtaken him. Blood started to pour and Bruce started to flail. He was trying to get Jose back but to no avail. Jose still had the broken end of the bottle in his hand. It was the end that would do the most damage. He took it and ran it quickly and efficiently across Bruce’s neck from one side to the other, just below the ears on each side. He then drove it deeply into his neck a few more times for good measure. Bruce’s arms were flailing around, not knowing whether to attack Jose or stop the flow of blood. Eventually they stopped in between and lay limp. Jose took a quick look around and rolled the body into the back. The car slumped dramatically and he had to position the body in such a way so that it would fit in the hatch and be obscured by the flap that went up and down with the hatch. He closed it down tight and Bruce was gone. Jose then took the keys and hopped in the car. It was a small car and the seat was set all the way back. Jose looked down at his hands and noticed they were covered with blood once again. He looked around him in the car and carefully ripped one of the seat covers off. He wiped his hands down and then carefully wiped any blood he could see off the exterior of the car. He then hopped in and drove off.
He was driving nowhere in particular and was just pleased to be driving. He hadn’t done it often but he used to think that he was pretty good at it. He rolled the window down and could taste the brisk night air. He then looked at his watch and could see that it was nearly midnight. He had been out for hours. He decided it was time to dispose of the car. He would park it somewhere deserted and set it on fire. He needed some gasoline and matches. He would leave it somewhere not too far but not too close to his house. He figured that if he left it in Harlem then nobody would think anything of it as there are cars left there and torched regularly. He decided he would not buy the gasoline and the matches at the same store as that would be asking for trouble. So he went to a gas station and pulled the car up and then bought a Gerry can and filled it up. He then proceeded to a convenience store where he bought some matches and some cigarettes. Just for the hell of it. He used more of the money he had taken from Jane but this time he checked it for blood and it was clear. He took the car to an alleyway about twenty minutes by bus from his house. He parked it and checked the streets at each end. Up one end there were some people congregating having a cookout and at the other end there was a few bums singing at each other and swearing. He filled the interior of the Car with gasoline and set fire to it. It went up gradually and caught slowly. Jose watched it from a distance. There was no big explosion like the movies but there was a satisfactory inferno. It would definitely be burnt enough. The perfect crime. As Jose made his way towards the bus stop he heard some sirens, they seemed to slow as they reached him and he froze and was near panic again when he realized that they were just slowing to maneuver their way through traffic and through a red light. He stood at the bus stop and waited for the bus to arrive. He stood calmly this time. He still smelled bad but he would be home soon where he could have a shower and relax.
 It was a new day.
 


Julian was well and truly back in the game. He had been invited to a celebrity party and he was back on the A-list where he belonged. He was ready to reclaim his rightful position with a vengeance. Society was his prisoner. 
He held court in his apartment and smoked a joint. He also did a couple of lines and popped some uppers.  A few double bourbons and he was on his way. Tonight was going to be his night and nobody would forget it. He had to make his mark on a society that was ripe for the plucking. He was the man of the moment. Ready or not, here he comes.
He was wearing a Brooks Brothers suit and a powder blue tie. He had his coke, his grass, his pills, his nipper and his .38 special. Tonight was going to be a wild ride. Anybody close to him was truly going to be on a roller-coaster, back on the tracks after a period in repair. He was ready to fire. He knew that they would want to speak to him and come and compare their fascinating lives with his. He took a long swig out the bottle and took a final puff of his roach as the doorbell rang. He popped a breath mint, as he knew that would be Michelle at the door and she would probably be none too impressed with his present state this early in the evening. He grabbed a cigar and lit it up. He took three puffs and answered the door.
Michelle was a picture of female perfection as she stood in the doorway. Her gray silk dress was just short enough to make any man want her and just long enough to make any woman respect her. She wore a minimum of jewelry and makeup and looked perfect. She looked at Julian with an inner curiosity that he couldn’t even begin to imagine.
In the taxi on the way to the party at the Plaza, he was clearly well on the way to a big night. His staccato vocal style was working overtime and he was sweating and smoking his cigar in the cab, much to the driver’s objections. The cab started to smell like a country club lounge as Julian started yelling at the driver over his choice of music on the stereo.
“Turn that fucking boy band shit off. I don’t have to put up with that fucking shit. Turn it down or I’m not fucking paying”
Michelle laughed and furiously took more mental notes.
The cab driver quietly obliged. He was wearing a turban and was a rather fearsome looking man.
Julian looked at Michelle and started laughing uncontrollably. She was powerless to do anything but join in and soon all three occupants of the cab were laughing hysterically.
Julian started calling the cab driver Sanjay and he thought that was hilarious. Pretty soon all three occupants of the cab were laughing, joking and smoking cigars.
Michelle was ecstatic. This was the sort of thing that happened when one was around Julian Jones. He was an experience. She took a puff of the cigar and exhaled in Julian’s face. He laughed almost fanatically.
The chariot arrived at the party and Julian threw a screwed up hundred-dollar bill on the front seat and the two of them walked inside. Julian had a glow inside and was ready for a big night; Michelle knew this and had a little treat in store for him. She accompanied him into the bathrooms and gave him a blowjob. She knew this would be perfect preparation for him. 
After the deed was done, the couple shared a line of cocaine and were ready to take on the party. They entered the main room and Julian lit a cigar. Michelle went to the bar and got him a double scotch while she ordered a Diet Pepsi. Julian downed it in one and was ready to party.
Michelle sipped her Pepsi and bit through an ice cube. She could taste the cigar. She could taste Julian. She could feel the world opening up. She was wondering if she was enjoying it all a little too much. She downed her Pepsi in one and ordered a vodka straight up and downed that as well. The taste of Julian was Gone but the cigar lingered. She ordered another vodka.
She turned around and couldn’t see Julian as the cocaine started to take hold. This book was writing itself.



Part Two

Taylor Sweetland
 


Caroline Donnelly sat in her large sofa and watched an old James Bond movie on cable. She was not really worried, more curious. Her apartment was a postcard of middle class style. It was a loft and it was the sort of apartment that would feature in a sitcom about twenty-something’s. There were large bright colored original artworks on the walls and furniture that could best be described as antique kitsch. She had a large television and it dominated the room. She had the door to her small terrace open to let the cool breeze in but right now it was letting in nothing but noise. It seemed that every vehicle with a siren was driving past her place tonight and she couldn’t concentrate. It is quite ironic that when we hear sirens we think nothing of it. It is a regular event that we probably hear more than a dozen times a day and we pay it no mind. In reality, every siren we hear means distress for somebody else. On this occasion, the sirens that Caroline Donnelly heard would bring her distress, the likes of which she had known only once before.
As she got up to close the doors slightly she saw the reflection of dome lights and went out on the terrace for a closer look. There was a group of emergency vehicles all parked around a toilet block just a few blocks from where Caroline stood. She thought nothing of it at first but then her mother instinct took over. She knew she was being ridiculous and sat down again to watch some more Bond. Just as she watched him wrestle with a large serpent in some villain’s office, she decided she would step outside and take a closer and hopefully, reassuring, look.      
She stepped outside of her apartment and was waiting for the lift when she suddenly knew all she needed to know. As she stood there, a young policeman and his female partner came up the stairs. They looked somber and asked her if she knew who lived in her apartment.
Caroline felt weak in very part of her body. Sorrow had a new definition as she stood there. She was simply devastated and knew it had happened again. The police spoke stoically and respectfully about what had happened. She fell apart when the police denied her request to see the body. She knew it must have been a wrongful death.
Caroline was the new public face of the Bard. She showed the people of New York what real class and dignity was when she appeared on television that night and told the people to take care. She would become an even more inappropriate celebrity than the Bard. 
Taylor Sweetland would see to that.  
 


Taylor J Sweetland sat watching his enormous plasma screen television 60 floors above the rest of the world. He had just returned home after the latest event in what he called ‘The Sexual Olympics’ with a young star of a sitcom he produced. Taylor watched Caroline Donnelly on the television and immediately got to work. He walked around the house and watched her on the plasma screens of several rooms of his internal kingdom and smoked a cigar. He was still in the good stages of afterglow - they lasted a long time with Miss Sitcomette- but right now the only woman he wanted was Caroline Donnelly. Taylor was a publicist, promoter and agent with zero scruples. He specialties were traumatized people, non-law-abiding celebrities, show trials and any scandal and gossip he could beat up. Victims of crime was one of his favorites. Victims’ families, kidnap, etc. victims. He put them on TV and took a piece of the grief porn the people got off of. This sort of thing was his bread and butter. He could get this woman anything she wanted. He would put on his best cry voice and go and see her. His matinee idol looks supported his beautifully opaque charm. She had no chance against him. He would put her out there. She was going to be a star. The Bard was going to be the ticket to this woman making a million bucks. Her own daughter had been hacked to bits right across the road. Perfect. It didn’t get more real than this. Taylor needed this one. He had been down on his luck in recent times after a string of failures and poor choices. His credibility had been severely damaged when he created the bandwagon and told everyone to jump on for an Hispanic housekeeper who had seen the occupants of the home where she worked hacked to bits as she hid in the pantry. She was everywhere but when the police charged her- as they had intended to all along- as they didn't buy her pantry story for a minute, he looked quite the fool. He was determined to cover more of his bases this time.

...hacked to bits right across the road... this was perfect.


Julian stopped dead in his tracks. He couldn’t believe it. How could this happen. He stared again and again and began to get lost in his own memory.  A memory, which up until now had covering all the bases but now, was running out of control. He looked at the banner headline and read it over and over. He must have only been standing there for a few seconds but he must have read the headline a couple of hundred times. He was staring at it to try and make it change. He was staring at it to try and make sense of it. The headline of the New York Sun read ‘BARD STRIKES AGAIN’.
He now knew how Victor Frankenstein had felt. He read the article in full as he stood there and was still trying to fathom what was going on. How could this be? Maybe he was so stoned he couldn’t remember writing it. Maybe he was now stoned as he thought this that he had forgotten that he worked for the Player and not the Sun. 
He sat back and rolled a joint. He couldn’t roll it fast enough, as he now knew that he needed this joint more than any he had ever smoked. 
This was completely different to the Chris Cox thing. He was responsible for a murder. This latest murder was a copycat. The only problem was he was copying Julian Jones. He was not copying a previous killer he was copying Julian Fucking Jones. He now had a real problem on his hands. He now had the blood of a young girl on his hands. A young and innocent girl was dead because of him.

Boris read with interest on the web that Julian Jones had appeared to be scooped. The New York Player ran the latest story on the Bard and he breezed the article with limited interest. He took a long hit of rum, did a few lines and collapsed into his hammock a better man for it. He was truly at ease. His book was coming along beautifully and he started to think about why anybody in their right minds would want to do what millions everyday did. Why did they shuffle through life, their futures only an extension of the current day, the current minute even? Boris was taking a lot of drugs and doing career best work. ‘They’re right’ he thought. ‘These things really do open your mind’. He could see himself doing this for the rest of his life. He had no rules, no deadlines, no dress codes. He hadn’t showered for a couple of days and he was wearing the same clothes as he had all week but he didn’t care. He felt like Kurtz but he had no Willard. He imagined future trips. Future places where he would work. He was the new Hemmingway. He began to imagine what others would start to think of him. The legendary Boris Tucker. What a great writer he was, then just up and disappeared, went native, lived off the fat of the land and wrote some damn good books. In the absence of any kind of order and association with others, Boris began to grow in both ego and ambition.



The following day, every newspaper in town was carrying the news of the Bard. Julian was the hottest ticket in town, but this time he was happy to just blend into the background. The press was hot for him: both Julian and the Bard. Julian remembered when he was at college and the hysteria the Son of Sam had generated. The whole town had been on edge. He used to tell people that he had seen him one night and that he was out with girls and doing what comes naturally but that he had been spared as friends’ colleagues and other people he knew had been killed. In truth, Julian had never stepped foot in the Bronx, The Yankees and the zoo held no appeal. It was yet another case of Julian’s notoriety grabbing behavior. The thing was, everybody believed him and when he walked into a room it was just one more thing that raised his interestingness stakes. When Julian told his stories of murder and mayhem and his brushes with death and fame the whole room would be in the palm of his hand. The truth of the matter was, Julian never left the house and was scared shitless. He used to say openly that it was further fuel to his private fire that a Berlin-type wall should be built around Manhattan to keep these people out.      



“Call the cops. I’m not going to let this bitch go. We have a right to see her. It’s in her best interests” Taylor was barking orders at anyone who crossed his path in his open plan bunker. Disgust emanated from all of his co-workers, or as Taylor like to call them, his ‘supporting cast’, and he became furious. 
“Get on with it and get over it. She’s lost her daughter but she’s going to make millions. Her best interests are what I work for and emotional detachment is the most important part of me doing that job effectively.”
“Got the address” yelled a young intern with a smile of triumph. It was equal triumph for the getting of the address as for the lips on ass of Taylor. The man himself came over and snatched the address covered Post-it note and took off out the door. He stuck his head back in and yelled for his assistant to come with him. She was a young baby faced blonde called Kym who Taylor had fucked a few times as he had all his assistants. His sexual politics was Fascism.
“Why do you want me?” 
“I don’t want this bitch going to pieces on me. If there’s another woman there she’s less likely to. That’s what my experience tells me anyway. And if she does you can handle it. Girls are better at that stuff.”
 He hailed his driver and was at her house in flash. As he was driven along he looked around. He looked at the leather and mahogany in his Mercedes. He looked at the golden right leg of Kym which was raised slightly above the left and he started to think that he might go there again. He was thinking out loud. “I hope this bitch doesn’t melt down on us. I can’t deal with that.”
“She’s just lost her daughter”
“Whatever. That’s why we’re here. She’s gonna make her mum a million bucks.”
Kym sat there perplexed and convinced that Taylor could not possibly be that heartless.
“I do what I do and I don’t pretend to be what I’m not. I am what I am” Was Taylor’s roundabout self-justifying reply.    
“Now Mrs. Donnelly, I know this is a terrible time for you and you must be hurting very much. That much is obvious but I am here to help. That’s what I do. I can organize your press arrangements for you. If not. The press will be all over you and you will have no peace in what you do”
Taylor was in fine form. This was what he did best. He could turn on a dime and here he was smooth talking this woman into trusting him with everything she had.
He had smoothed his way in the door by promising to her that he could make the press go away. They had been staking out her address since the crime. This was perfect for them as the murder had taken place across the road. They could comfortably kill two birds with one stone.
Inside, Taylor was almost taken by Caroline’s dignity and maturity. If there was one thing Taylor hated it was people who sobbed hysterically at the loss of a loved one. This was due to the fact that Taylor was there for the money. Not the guilt and stress. He didn’t deal well with people and their grief. This was precisely the reason he had refused to attend his father’s funeral. It had enraged his already fragile mother but Taylor would have none of it. It was simply not his thing and furthermore, it may affect his way of earning a good income. His job was death and he did not want to jeopardize that. He was very good at what he did. And he enjoyed it.
“Mrs. Donnely, or can I call you Caroline. This is what I do for a living. Now I don’t enjoy it but I am very good at it. Now in a case like this the media can be your worst enemy but I can make them your most powerful ally.”
Taylor was firing on all cylinders but he didn’t need to. He was sold and as soon as she spoke, Taylor knew he was on a winner.
“Mr. Sweetland”
“Taylor, Please”
“Mr. Sweetland, you’ll excuse me if I keep this professional. I will grieve in my own way and I know that you can do a job for me. This is my home and I want to mourn. Friends come over and they are confronted with this out the front.” 
She went to the window and looked down at the crowd that were in full swing. As she got closer to the glass and the land of visibility there was a commotion and flashes from cameras and spotlights started to briefly light up the sky outside. She recoiled and continued the story.
“If you can get rid of them like you say then I will be eternally grateful. What do I have to do?”
“My associate has some papers for you to sign. They are contracts and by signing them you will hand all you’re media responsibilities over to me. I will strike a deal with media agencies to give them what they want, with your blessing of course, and then they will back off. It is frowned upon if they don’t.”

Caroline Donnelly signed the papers with a minimum of fuss and Kym played her part of the rampant sympathizer to perfection. Taylor went to the window and looked at the crowd down below. Many of the less experienced reporters down there started to photograph him with but the more experienced of them knew to ignore him as this was Taylor Sweetland at his best: making himself the star.



Mandy Tick was drowning in humble pie. She had been wrong about Julian Jones. She was in the shit now. Just a week earlier she had been tossing around a story about Jones masterminding this elaborate hoax and now he had been vindicated by the highest journalistic court in the land. The New York Times. They had a front page story about the Bard that was backed up by police sources and sworn affidavits, the lot. He was fully vindicated as a stand-up credible reporter and she was on the outer once more. The Player of course had story after story of self-congratulation and Jack Snitzer himself had also weighed in with his first piece in a long time. It was out of control and Mandy was out of the picture entirely. She had been attacking the story from all sides and now she had been shut out. She as the lone angry voice on the outside. It was a disaster. Julian Jones was the hottest ticket in town. He had to be stopped.
She picked up her phone and dialed the number she had just looked up.
"Taylor Sweetland please." She said 



Julian sat in his office in his new perpetual state of anxiety and was scanning the Internet looking for a new story, a new angle, anything that could take the people’s mind of this latest Bard killing. Jack was still gushing over him like a schoolboy and ever since he had won the Newman it had doubled. He now had a new computer with faster Internet access and a new antique mahogany desk. As he sat there and looked around at his latest spoils his brand new videophone rang. It was Taylor Sweetland.  He was noticing that Taylor Sweetland was all over the press ‘in the background’ as only he could be and training all these people: Caroline Donnelly, the police whoever else he thought could be of use to him. They were all over the press and Julian could see the hands of Taylor Sweetland in the work. He had met him a few times and Julian was impressed with his over simplification of everything in order to twist events to his advantage. He was a true child of the late nineties. Anything that happened had to be given as large an exposure as possible, now here he was on the phone to Julian. The last thing Julian wanted was for this Bard thing to get any bigger and here was a man who would guarantee that it would. Over and over in his head he started to think about what he could do but he knew that now that he was the other end of the phone for Sweetland that the story was going to get a hell of a lot bigger with his help. It had no choice. That was what Taylor Sweetland did. Julian knew that the only choice he had was to jump into bed with Taylor to at least have a hand in keeping a lid on the story.
 “Julian, this is Taylor Sweetland, how do you do, we’ve met a few times at a few press functions. I’ve always been a fan and I must say that I’m not unhappy that it’s you that I get to work with on this one. I hope we can have some fun.”
Julian was quite taken aback by this opening. He was happy to take a compliment from anyone, even a shallow puppeteer of a man like Sweetland.
“What can I do for you? Like I even have to ask”
“Nothing gets past you JJ”
JJ. JJ. What the fuck? To this man I am Mr. Jones thank you very much.
“That’s my job” Julian said without a smile.
“As you may or may not know I have had dealings with Caroline Donnelly. She is all mine now.” He laughed “She is the mother of the latest victim and she seems very keen to play ball. Sure she’s just lost her daughter but she knows what color green is if you know what I mean and I thought I could send you her way and we can, well, make this thing personal if you know what I mean. Now don’t get me wrong, what you’ve been doing has been amazing, some of the best journalism I’ve ever seen in this city and I’ve seen a hell of a lot- it’s my job after all- but this stuff just lacks traces of a human element that could take it over the top. This is a very human story but there are no humans in it. Catch my drift.”
Julian was out of breath just listening to Sweetland's bullshit. He was smart enough to put the pieces together and knew more than anything else that he needed Sweetland in his corner. He thought that with the massive beat up and hype that he would generate that the people would forget all about the origins and the actual facts and be more interested in the here and now AKA Caroline Donnelly and Sweetland was very adept at running a tight ship with no leaks, which is just what Julian needed. Taylor Sweetland was going to be Julian Jones’ savior. He was wary because he knew that Taylor was only out to make himself rich and he was very good at it. Julian rationed that even if the true origins of the Bard were revealed, then what better person than Taylor Sweetland to keep them to himself, not that Julian would ever dream of it getting that far.
“What do you want me to do?” Julian was in.



Julian was not looking forward to this. He stayed up all night and paced his apartment. Pacing was actually not an apt description. He was almost running around in circles. He was drinking and drinking. No drugs tonight. They were going to do him no favors, besides, they might almost expect him to be drunk but being stoned would probably be unacceptable. There was a reputation that newspapermen had for being lushes and Julian was more than willing to accommodate that any day of the week but did he really want to meet this woman? Her daughter had just been killed, by someone he inspired. This was a whole lot bigger than some John Hinkley/Jodie Foster thing and sure, whoever killed her daughter is quite clearly a nut but Julian doubted she would think that hard about it and see the ever so slight distinction. He was trying not to watch the news on TV but everywhere he looked there she was, that’s exactly why he didn’t want to watch but there she was, over and over and over. Taylor Sweetland was very very good.

How was he going to interview this woman? He was a mess. He couldn’t concentrate on anything. His head was spinning. Or was it the room? Or was it both? Or neither? He didn’t know. He didn’t care. He was in the sort of state that if he had taken any drugs then he would just be a whole lot worse. He went and took a long look in the bathroom mirror. He was a mess. He wasn’t even dressed properly. He adjusted his tie and threw water on his face and thanked god that Taylor was coming over to his place first to get him. He wanted to tell him that he was sick. He couldn’t get out of bed. He was in pain. Some sort of medical excuse, but he couldn’t muster anything up so he was stuck with this date with destiny. This date with this woman whose life he had changed. Whose life he had ruined. He tried calling Michelle but she was unreachable. She was at home writing and she was always unreachable then.
He felt like a puppeteer whose puppet had come to life. He was on a roller-coaster and he wanted to get off but he couldn’t. Taylor Sweetland was running the show now and he was doing things his way. He knew that he was on a winner with Sweetland but for a control freak like Julian this was still a pill he had to swallow. He did not have control of the situation. He was at the mercy of the show business that was this media based trial. He knew he was at the mercy of the court of public opinion. How did he let it get this far? He had made this story up to try and have absolute control over the story of his life. He had carefully orchestrated every move and now he was on the other side. He felt like one of those inventors or creators of comic book characters who then get taken over by unscrupulous businessmen and die in poverty. His was truly a quandary. He wanted out but he couldn’t. He had to ride this out with Taylor Sweetland. He had been seeing a lot of Michelle lately. He needed somebody to lean on. This was another new experience for him that he was not fond of. He had always prided himself on the fact that he was very self-sufficient and now here he was being completely reliant on Michelle and Sweetland. It burned away at him. His pride and ego were almost irreversibly damaged. Julian Jones, the biggest game in town, the name above the title, the main attraction, now being put on trial and being propped up by people who didn’t care about him only his situation.
Julian got into the back of Taylor’s German chariot and sank into the leather and mahogany interior. Taylor was smoking a cigarette so Julian followed suit. Small talk filled the air until Taylor got down to business.
“Take no prisoners JJ. You know what I mean? Be direct and to the point but don’t set out to nail her whatever you do.”
“I think I know what I’m doing. I’ve done this sort of thing before.”
“It’s going to be in the papers so it doesn’t matter if she cries or not. If she does, write in that she does. If she doesn’t, do the same. I know I can trust you.”
Julian felt like Taylor was letting him borrow his car.
“Where did you get that tie?” Taylor asked Julian who looked down and took in the splendor of his blue and white striped club he had chosen.
“London. You like it?”
“Yeah. I like it. I just wouldn’t have worn it today.”
“Well I would have”
Julian was not going to tolerate Taylor’s patronizing manner any longer. This was his baby after all. Taylor was muscling in on his story. He knew Taylor was using him so he figured he would use Taylor too. He looked and noticed Taylor was wearing a club tie as well.
The car turned into Caroline’s street and Julian could immediately spot her house. It was the one with the crowd of reporters and photographers out the front. Even though he had cut a deal with Caroline to make them go away, he had held off until after he had come here with Jones so as to make an impression on him. He also wanted Jones to have a good idea of how much power Taylor had and just who it was that was running this show.

She existed now only in the photographs on the shelves. There were all the usual ones, school portraits, on Santa Claus’ knee, on holiday, prom queen. The most recent one had simplicity to it. It seemed to be a very recent shot and Julian recognized it as the shot all the TV news casts had been using. Jane Donnely would forever be remembered by the people of New York from this shot. For people who didn’t know her, this was as close as they would get. This was her as far as they were concerned. All she was and all she ever would be. This was her as far as Julian was concerned too. When Taylor had called him with the proposal to visit the Donnelly’s, this was the image that was instantly recalled in his mind. He looked at this sepia drenched smiling face and knew that she would smile no other because of him. She would never wrinkle and never gray. She would never ache and fight aging. This was as good as it was going to get. It had been decided and Julian was not free from complicity in it.  



“Ms. Tick.” Taylor said. “My, that is an unfortunate name.”
Mandy recognized this as a ploy to get her on the back foot and went on with added determination. Bob Newman had warned her that Julian Jones was a saint compared to Taylor Sweetland
“Mr. Sweetland, you’re a hard man to get hold of.”
“If you’ve got something for me, I’m never hard to get hold of.”
“I see you’re running a tight ship with Caroline Donnelly and Julian Jones.”
“Ms. Tick. What have you got?”
“Chris Cox”
“Chris Cox? The dead cop?”
“Julian Jones’ accomplice.”
“Accomplice? Did they knock over a liquor store?”
“What do you know about the Bard?”
“Get to the money shot Ms. Tick.”
She didn’t want to give him too much but being coy was not working. She failed.
“Jones made it up.”
“Made it up?”
“The Bard.” She said.
“And you know this…”
“I want to meet.”

The plot was thickening daily. Taylor sat in his office and started to think about this whole Mandy Tick thing. What if she was right? He started thinking about the man with no name. The man playing each side off against each other for his own gain the man with no name indeed. This would be his greatest shoot-out. What if she was right? What if it were true? This would be a bonanza. The mother lode. This whole thing was turning into a mystery novel with a twist around every corner.
He arranged to meet her in a small place down town that she had suggested and he had never heard of. He found himself making an enormous effort. It was like a first date and Taylor was determined to look his best. He held the deluded view that if he looked his best then she would fall for his good looks and do whatever it was he wanted her to. The man with no name. He checked himself in the mirror of his private bathroom and decided to add some finishing touches. He wet his hair ever so slightly and ran his electric shaver over his face. He also applied some expensive cologne and was ready to charm. There was nobody better at it than he, never more so than when it came to charming a woman. He was a machine. The machine with no name.
He left his office and caught the eye of his assistant who asked where he was going.
“I’m going to some fucking dive to see this Tick bitch about this Jones thing. I don’t know how long I’ll be. I may have to charm her around but I hear her diet is the shag pile of you know what I mean so I may be pushing shit uphill but we’ll see. I’ve never come up short yet so here goes.” It was times like this that Taylor just liked to let people know where he was coming from.

Taylor had asked his driver to get him his large Mercedes-Benz for his short trip downtown and the driver did not disappoint. The driver was then trying to hide his slight grin of amusement as Taylor put a call in to Mandy and asked if she needed a ride. When she said no he asked if she could wait and meet him out the front of wherever it was they were going so he would know exactly which place it was. This was to make the impression. Taylor Sweetland, master string puller, rolling up to lunch with the lowly Mandy Tick who would no doubt be blown away by his massive piece of German precision and his amazing good looks and grooming, not to mention his adorable suit and fresh scent.  Mandy was standing there in her head to toe K-mart that screamed uniform of common. She didn’t notice the car at first. She probably didn’t even know what type it was, had all this effort been in vein? Was he wasting his charm on this simpleton, this unattractive slice of vanilla?
It was only as he got out of the car and stood at the open door of the vehicle that he caught her eye. She seemed more startled than impressed and then desperately tried to conceal her surprise.
“Pleased to meet you Miss Tick” Was Taylor’s opening.
Mandy seemed very unimpressed by Taylor’s charm. Taylor went on undaunted.  
“Shall we go inside? What’s this place like? I can’t say I’ve heard of it.”
Mandy was unmoved and emotionless. It seemed that she was so determined not to be conned by Taylor that she was not going to give an inch. ‘Let him think that I’m a bitch,’ she thought, ‘just don’t let him think that I’m a sucker.’
Mandy was quick to grab the door and hold it open for Taylor. He looked nonplused as he went inside and led her to a table. She immediately asked him if they could sit somewhere else. Taylor was mildly amused at how small-time she truly was. ‘Who the fuck does she think she is? Does she really think this sort of faux hostile behavior is going to upset me?’ Ok then. Show me what you really got. Taylor was going to kill her with niceness. The smiling assassin, ready to strike.
“So Miss Tick. Why have you brought me here on this fine day” If she was going to be unimpressed, Taylor was determined to make her so unimpressed she would want to kill him.
“I have some information about this Bard thing. I spoke with Chris Cox just before he was killed and he told me that the Bard is a figment of Jones’ imagination. I think he warned Jones that he was going to sell him out and that’s what got him killed.”
Taylor was almost amused by her Nancy-Drew-all-grown-up style and spunk and had to be impressed that a nobody reporter had come across this sort of information. He had known Cox to be the scum of the earth and figured that he must have been trying to get into her pants. He was going through all this in his head as she sat there and stared at him with a geeky smile that really annoyed him. He refrained from making any smart comments because if she was right then she could play a big part in his plans. He probably could do with her on his side, although, his side was becoming very cloudy at this point in time.
“That’s quite an accusation. Do you have any evidence to support your claims?”
“No” Mandy knew this didn’t sound good.
“How convenient” Advantage Sweetland. His hand was moving slightly towards the upper kind. Mandy’s body language said ‘Oh fuck’.
“I can get some though”. ‘I’m not dead yet’ she thought
“Such as” ‘Oh yes you are’ Thought Taylor
“Look Ms. Tick” Taylor went on in a tone that was deliberately patronizing as he knew she would bleed. “I really don’t think you know who you are dealing with. We have a lot more fucking power than you and your little cubicle. If you think you can crack this then you are sorely mistaken. There is no utopia of journalistic truth out there that you are striving for and if you don’t call off your dogs then you are history. I really don’t care if Jones did make up this story. He probably did. That is so not the point that it doesn’t matter. What is the point is not what we can prove but what we choose to tell people. The we in this equation is the greater New York press and at the moment I have them in the palm of my hand and they will play whatever ball I tell them to. That is the beauty of what I do and why I am very very good at it. If a small timer like yourself wants to take us all on then you can kiss your chances of getting a run goodbye.” 
‘I’m not dead yet’
Taylor barely had time to start gloating when Mandy reached down and started to fumble around in her pants. It caught his eye and he started to wonder what she was doing. She was distracting his gloating and last-laughing. He thought she must have been reaching for a handkerchief to wipe away the tears of defeat from her commonly brown eyes. She sat there and gave a sly grin. Taylor thought the grin was a desperate attempt to save face but when she revealed the tape recorder from her pocket it was revealed as the subtle grin of victory. How could he have been so stupid? He had said just about everything he shouldn’t have to the last person he should have. A vindictive reporter he was rude to. She had pissed him off and pushed his buttons which cause him to turn around and stomp all over her by dropping powerful names whose strings he was pulling and telling her how she was on the outer and he was calling the shots. He went into damage control overdrive.
“You’re good. Very good. I’d like to offer a job right now. Now what do you want?”
“That would be nice. We’ll get to that in a minute, but right now I want Jones to admit he invented the Bard and I want him to go down for it. And I want this to be my story.” The mother lode. Taylor could have kissed her. For a minute there he thought he might have been in trouble. He hesitated for a long moment trying to give Mandy the impression she was getting something he didn't want to give.
“Ok” He said, trying to sound reluctant. Taylor could pull this one off, no sweat.
“Just like that”
“Just like that. You really don’t like Julian Jones do you? What do you have against him? Did he break your heart?”
Taylor almost wished he hadn’t said this but he was just so relieved to be off the hook he was verbally fumbling around and said just what was on his mind. He was relieved he didn’t do this more often.
“Like you, I know a good story when I see it and like you, I’m not looking at the mouth of this gift horse.”
“I’m with you”
“In more ways than one, if you know what’s good for you. I’ll be hearing from you” Mandy was starting to enjoy this more and more. With this she gathered her things and swiftly left. Taylor sat there still a little shell-shocked by what had just taken place. He sat there and wondered how he was going to pitch this to Jones. He knew that Jones would take some convincing before he would dig his own grave. He started to think that this was what it was all about. This was the spin-man’s dream. He was about to climb the Everest of spin. He started to think about a book of the whole thing. It was then that he knew exactly what to do.
 


Michelle’s book was progressing beautifully. She had Julian the party animal, Julian the man about town, the private Julian, the depressed Julian, the attention seeking suicidal Julian, Julian, the man she loved and the Julian that only she knew. She was writing with a fury. Such a fury, she was almost being squeezed out by Taylor Sweetland. Taylor had not approached her. She was not surprised at this because if Michelle were running this thing then she would have been the first person she would have got on side. It’s always the girlfriend who gives the best insight. She had thought about maybe approaching Taylor but then thought better of it. It would not have been a wise move. The book was her number one priority for now. Her publisher, a middle aged, Jewish career New Yorker by the name of Gretel, was having trouble containing her excitement. “This is the book that will show everyone how a person like Julian Jones operates. This will catapult you up into the literary stratosphere. When will it be done?”
Michelle sat and looked at the tasteless mise en scene that was Gretel’s office. She knew she was a long way off finishing. She knew this was a problem because this was a seasonal book which had to be out as soon as possible while the story was still hot. She knew there would be people all over town writing this story already and hers was going to be just another Bard book.
“Michelle darling. This is not going to be just another Bard book. This is going to be THE Bard book. This is going to be an intimate profile on Julian Jones from the woman who loved him. This book will be at the front of the queue. Don’t worry about a thing. I’ve already got advance advertising in some stores and we’ve had some advanced sales. I hope you don’t mind but I knew I had to get in while the iron was hot”
Michelle sat there trying desperately to be convinced but was not. She was almost suffering a crisis of conscience but not quite. She would have to tell Julian now. She had no choice. He would find out anyway. Her career was on the line here and she had to take no prisoners. She had seen what Julian did when he was in the same position. What she was doing was no worse than that. She walked home and saw some advertisements in the windows at Borders. She knew she was going to hit the jackpot but the unpleasantness of telling Julian was ahead of her. She got home and sat and waited. She also had a thing or two to ask him. She had had her suspicions but now they were bugging her more than ever. She knew she could not continue on with the book until her mind was at ease.
Julian got home and was already a little drunk. His tie was loosened and his shirt was out and he looked very designer untidy. He sauntered into the lounge room where Michelle was sitting and staring off into space. She decided that beating around the bush was not going to work so she would come out and say it; when he asked. She sat there and stewed and was so determined to make him ask that she almost laughed and cried at the same time. It came fairly early on.
“Are you OK?” He had been speaking for a while but this was the first thing she noticed him say. It was what she was waiting for.
Straight out. No beating around the bush. Blunt. To the point.
“They’ve asked me to write a book about you. I said I would.”
Julian only slightly stopped in his tracks and took it all in. He looked upwards slightly and grinned briefly. He looked almost proud.
“A book about me” He said with what was more and more beginning to sound like excitement.
“An intimate portrait of Julian Jones by the woman who loved him” Michelle regurgitated the tag line Gretel had given her.
Julian still seemed rather non-plussed. He paced around the room a little and finally landed on a chair. 
“I guess I should be flattered” was all he could say.
“Very much so. As soon as my editor heard we were back together she asked me to do this. I didn’t know if I could but I think I would really like to. It’s something different for me. A real challenge” Where am I? The fucking Today Show. Michelle tried to keep her calm and sell him the idea at the same time. “It’s a great honor you know. For both of us.”
Julian seemed to be sold on the idea. They both sat there for a few minutes. Julian was staring off into space. He was picturing himself being the subject of a bestselling biography. ‘It was inevitable I guess’ he thought to himself. Self-congratulation took over until it was interrupted by Michelle.
“There are a few things I have to know before I can go on.”
Michelle tried, and failed to not sound ominous.
“Like what?”
Julian tried, and failed to not sound nervous
“Well, obviously, this Bard thing. There have been a lot of rumors circulating about him being a creation of yours and Cox’s.”
“You can’t believe everything you read in the papers.”
“That’s why I’m asking you that question”
“Cox gave me the information and I printed it as I saw fit, as he gave it to me. I then found out he was corrupt and a criminal but he was still a good source. If you can’t trust your sources who can you trust. I printed the story about his implication because that’s the information I was given.”
There was more silence but Michelle figured she had all she needed. She would write it her own way. She didn’t have to get it out of him now but she figured it would come to light eventually.

 

Taylor sat with Julian and tried to convince him that coming clean was the best thing to do. It was the best thing for Taylor, that is. It was not going to be easy. It would take all of Taylor’s charm and sweet-talking to turn Julian’s state of perpetual self-defense to a state of towing the company line no matter how incriminating that would be. 
“I’m telling you JJ, this Tick bitch is on to you and she’s going to spill the beans. It’s going to come out one way or the other so you might as well let me handle things. It’s lucky for you that I’m here to take care of things. This is what I do remember and if you know what’s good for you you’ll come clean.” Taylor was laying down the law. Julian felt like a kid in the headmaster’s office.
“They’ll kill me. They’ll have me for breakfast.”
“How many times do I have to tell you, they’re on our side? I’m setting up some deals that will make them fall into line. I’m confident they’ll play ball. They’ve got as much to lose as we have on this one.”
“You mean they’ve got as much to lose as I have”
“No. Because at the moment I’m in bed with you and on your side. What affects you affects me.”
Julian got up from the sofa on which he was sitting and started to pace around. He lit a cigarette.
“How could I have been so stupid?”
“How could I have been so stupid? How could I have been so stupid?  Don’t go soft on me now. Now is when we come out fighting. We adopt a first-strike policy on people like Mandy Tick. She’s sniffing around and thinks she can crack this baby. I know for a fact that her bosses can’t stand her because they think she’s an Oliver Stone wannabe and she thinks that everything stinks of corruption and invisible hands. We hit her first. Steal her thunder and shut her out. She thinks she’s got a deal with me to sell you out and take you down. ‘The man who invented the Bard and got Jane Donnelly killed.’ I also know that you screwed around with her in college and she still bears the scars. Can you believe this bitch? She won’t get a run but she can smell it on me. She knows the access I have. I’ll tell her to bide her time and in the meantime you shut her out completely.”
“And how do I do that?”
“You write a book saying that you were sold up the river by Chris Cox, corrupt cop extraordinaire. You say that he made up the story and that you were the innocent victim. They’ll eat it up and Mandy Tick will look like the angry pissed off loner she is by trying to point the finger of blame onto you. We have Caroline Donnelly riding shotgun with you on the whole thing and quote her as saying that Chris Cox killed her daughter or something like that and we’re home free. Mandy Tick can say what she wants and no-one will give her the time of day. She’ll be in bad taste, if she gets a run at all and her credibility will be out the window. I happen to know she is on her last chance at the Sun and this baby will be the curveball that strikes her out.”
Taylor sat back and smiled at Julian who was still trying to take it in. There was almost smoke coming from Taylor’s mouth, he was talking so fast. Jones said nothing so Taylor went on.
“I’ll get you to meet with a guy I use downtown. He’s the best ghostwriter in town and he’s already started from what he read in the papers and a few things I’ve told him. All we need is for you to go downtown and meet him and tell him things that only you will know. Meetings with Cox. How all that source thing works. Don’t worry. You won’t be breaking the sacred journalistic oath of never revealing a source because everybody knew that Cox told everyone who would listen that he was your pipeline. Besides someone’s been killed here. All bets are off.”
“I just tell him this story. Just like that.” Julian seemed skeptical.
“Yes JJ. He’ll tell you what he needs to know. He’ll make the rest up. It should be right up your alley.”
Julian started to think about it. Taylor made a strong case but that was his job. But it was in his best interests for Julian to get away clean from this whole scandal. Julian thought about Jane Donnelly briefly but for longer than he had before and started to think that if Taylor Sweetland was the most serious the consequences of his actions were to be become, it could be worse. He hadn’t really thought about the consequences when he made up the Bard -why would he? He was Julian Jones- but he doubted they would have looked like this.

 

Taylor met Mandy downtown to finalize their plans. Taylor had to admit, she was growing on him. He wondered more than once if the feeling was mutual. If it was, she certainly gave no indication, or maybe that was all an act. She was so determined to be professional that she wouldn’t let anything close to personal come to the surface. Taylor looked her up and down as she came into the restaurant, dressed in a suit that was not cheap but not expensive enough, and thought he could probably do better. 
“I have a suggestion for you and I know you’re going to love it. If you agree and go along with me on this one then I’ll give you a side story about this Bard thing that will blow your socks off and be even bigger than Julian Fucking Jones.” Taylor was more salesman than spin-doctor at this point. He knew he would be closing this deal.
“OK then what is it?” Said Mandy
“Jones is writing a book on this whole thing. I’ve hooked him up with a ghost-writer I know downtown. He’s not going to admit to making the Bard up; he’s going to put the blame at Chris Cox’s door.”
“We had a deal. This was for Julian Jones to wear and no-one else.” Mandy seemed more than a little upset that Taylor had moved the goalposts in the middle of play.
“Bear with me babe.” Taylor and Mandy both knew that he shouldn’t have called her babe. Mandy was the type of girl to whom there could be no greater offence. He went on regardless.
“The higher Jones gets the better it will be when you cut him down. The safer and more immune to failure he thinks he is the bigger the story will be.”
“How strong is he really going to get. I mean how hard will it be to break in on the story.”
“That’s not a problem. I’m going to speak with Bob Newman and tell him what the situation is. I know that he’s going to play ball and he will give the story to you when the time is right.”
“How can you be so sure?”
“This is what I do. Everyone knows that. I’ve done it a hundred times and I’ll do it a hundred more times.”
“I still have my doubts.”
“Listen, Jones’ name is everywhere at the moment. They’re all circling and it’s only be a matter of time before someone breaks this story. I’m going to cut a deal to call them all off while at the same time Jones calls a press conference and announces the whole Cox thing. You do a sympathetic profile on Cox and start to build the case against Jones. Slowly but surely it builds. Getting just big enough by the day to keep our interest but holding back on the overkill. At the same time you’re feeding them this huge story that I have which is related to the Bard. I’ll keep the rest of the media at bay so that this doesn’t become a bandwagon. I know Bob Newman will play along. Then just when Jones thinks he’s safe we print the big one. ‘JONES MADE UP BARD’. His name becomes mud. The mayor and the DA jump on board. The shit storm starts all thanks to you. Game over. You’re the king of the world laughing all the way to the bank and this is the start of a beautiful friendship.”
“I still find it hard to believe that it’s that easy”
“Believe me it is. The media will work together or not at all. After the scoop happens it becomes a circus and they all take the common stand. Nobody wants to be the lone voice and end up looking stupid. They wear that for years and it becomes very hard to shake. A story like this is tailor made for manipulation because it puts them all under the microscope. The police will also rush onto the front foot because they look pretty bad as well. The media will pass the buck to them and they will be left holding the baby. If you clear Cox’s name, I’ll see to it that the police know exactly who you are and where they can reach you when they have a story to tell. This city is built on hands washing each other and backs being scratched. Whoever wants to do the most scratching and washing can practically run this town.”
There was a pause in the room as Mandy stared off into a thinking space still thinking it was too good to be true. She was almost startled when Taylor broke the silence again.
“Are you in or out?”
“I’m in. Now what’s this other story you have?”

Taylor knew he was doing well. He knew that Mandy would eat up his story on Boris Tucker.
“That’s more like it. Anyway, this story involves the real victim, Jane Donnelly. She was, as you know, a student at Columbia. She was a Journalism major. Honors student, all the rest of it. One of the lecturers at Columbia was one Boris Tucker. Bestselling novelist, Pulitzer Prize winner, New York Times columnist and all round good guy. Are you familiar with him?”
“Of course”
“Well our Boris has a squeaky clean image and he cultivates it like a politician but it is not as clean as he would like it to be. He like to put himself all over town if you know what I mean.”
“Yes I think I know what you mean.”
“What I’m saying is that Boris Tucker was sleeping with Jane Donnelly, but that’s not all. Just after the Bard appeared, Boris disappeared. He took some holidays but nobody knows where. He hadn’t been enjoying work and some of my sources at the Times say that he had been behaving erratically lately. He then seems to disappear off the face of the earth and his girlfriend gets murdered by someone claiming to be the Bard, but who we know to be a copycat who is well and truly on the loose.” Taylor paused briefly. Just long enough for maximum dramatic effect.
“How intrigued are you?” he asked.
“Very intrigued”
“Exactly. Now imagine how intrigued the people are going to be when they get a look at this. The Bard had them captivated well enough all by himself. Now you connect the dots between him and someone like Boris Tucker and you have the mother lode. The two most fascinating areas of public interest are serial killers and celebrity crime. We are combining the two in spectacular fashion. If all goes well and you do this right then The Times will be a reporter down and they might come your way asking if you know anyone who would be interested in a job there.” Taylor drained a glass of water watching Mandy put it all together, probably picturing her byline in the New York Times, sending a clipping to her parents who would proudly stick it on their fridge in some flyover town. 
Taylor looked into her eyes, the simplistic, hungry eyes of a predator and knew she would be lucky to get a job delivering The New York Times.
“I know you’re interested now.”
Mandy sat there and could see the dollar signs. Taylor Sweetland, the expert carrot waver, the man with no name, had struck again.
“I’m in” Mandy said with a smile and a handshake.
“I knew you would be”



DOES THE BARD WORK FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES?
By Mandy Tick
The New York literary establishment is in shock today following rumors that Pulitzer Prize winning author and highly respected New York Times reporter, Boris Tucker, could be linked to the Bard murders. The latest murder, believed to be committed by a copycat coincided with Mr. Tucker leaving New York for a holiday. It is also believed that the copycat victim, Miss Jane Donnelly was romantically involved with Tucker who tutored her in her journalism class at Columbia University.
Tucker is one of the most respected journalists and authors in the country and these allegations have shocked close friends and associates although some anonymous sources at the New York Times have commented that Tucker was behaving erratically during the last weeks before his disappearance and there were reports from some sources saying the normally impeccably punctual and well groomed Tucker was late for work and unkempt more often than not in recent weeks.
Tucker’s superiors, namely, Nigel Maher and the paper’s owners have declined to comment and fellow students at Columbia say they were unaware that Tucker and Donnelly were involved in an affair. Jane Donnelly’s mother, Caroline is also said to be surprised and disturbed by these latest allegations.
 
 

Boris was slowly learning how to surf with the help of Jorge whose sister Boris was dating, if you wanted to call it that. That’s what he told Jorge anyway. He was getting pretty good at it and Jorge was a good teacher as well as being Boris’ dealer. He truly was living a debaucherous life and New York seemed like a million miles away. He as writing what could possibly be a quite unreadable book and drinking a lot. He had put on a little bit of weight so he now had the makings of a pot belly. He was driving his car every day and walking on the beach every morning. He was eating at local eateries every night and was getting to be quite the figure about town. People knew him wherever he went now and he loved it. It wasn’t a New York sort of know, it was more like a small town one. He drank a lot and when he was too drunk to drive there was never a shortage of locals to run him home or let him sleep on their couch. He liked to listen to old music on his old wireless radio. He played records. He drank tequila. He smoked opium. He had sex with barmaids. He was living the true Bohemian life. It was his dream. The novelty was yet to wear off and Boris was wondering if it would. He hoped not, but then, as it often does, it all came crashing down.
It had been a while since he had been on the Internet to see what was going on back home. He decided he would just to see some baseball scores and to drop his parents a line and maybe see what was going on in the world. He spotted a headline on the New York Times website which grabbed his eye. It read ‘Does the Bard Work for the New York Times?” He was intrigued at first. He saw that the story was by Mandy Tick who he knew only slightly and didn’t really think much of. He was surprised she could come upon a story like this as he knew Bob Newman and knew what he thought of her. Using these criteria he figured the story was nothing special. He then read on and all sorts of his personal hell broke loose. Jane. Here he was in Cuba, living the high life, or low life as he liked to call it and here she was being brutally murdered. It was her. She was the last victim. She was the Bards latest victim and Boris was a suspect. A suspect. A suspect according to Mandy Tick but a suspect nonetheless.
 He sat there in a trance. Here he was in Cuba and there she was dead. What had he done? Why had he come? Why was he here? He was asking questions of himself he knew he couldn’t answer. He suddenly wondered why he was here. He had betrayed everything he stood for before. But that was before. What of now? What was now? What could he do now? The price he was paying was far more now. He had abandoned her. She had to find her own way home. She was not comfortably reclining in the back of his car; she was not sliding her underwear down her legs in the back seat as he sat there on the phone to Nigel Maher. She was riding the bus and being watched by a fellow passenger. Someone else had the lust for her he had felt that first time he saw here in his class. This person had acted in a different way on that lust. Boris had abandoned her and it got her killed. He hadn’t even told her. It was for her own good, he had thought. She could do better. She was just a kid. He was no good for her. She was a bright girl. She was the marrying kind. He was not. She was the mothering kind. He was not. She was dead. He was not. The funeral. The press at her mother’s front door. Her mother in pain. Taylor Sweetland. Boris was going over all the side effects of public death in his mind and knew that it was all bad. He had to do something. He had to go home. He had to turn his back on his idyllic life. He had to surrender his absolute familiarity with everyone. He was forcing to abdicate as king of his own world. It was back to New York City. The big apple. Rotten to its filthy core. Boris Tucker’s home town. It was his Xanadu. His Waterloo. The only thing is, he would have to slip in unnoticed. Just another of the millions. Another of the parade. No more beach. No more old Buick. No more debauchery. The things he had been enjoying so much in recent weeks were exactly the things he was going to have to give up and disown if he was to make it back here. Boris knew that his soul was no longer his. He had re-purchased it here in Cuba but the move he had to make was the move back to the land with no Soul. His own private Interzone where the pain never ends. It was time. He had to stop fooling himself. Time to go home. In the blink of an eye it was gone.



Taylor Sweetland sat back in his apartment watching on one of his televisions, vision of Boris Tucker at the airport running a gauntlet of accusations, questions and flashbulbs like Michael Jackson arriving somewhere in Asia.
He was pinching himself at all that was going on at the moment. He was the master of ceremonies for the biggest press feeding frenzy he could remember and he had the greatest seat at the trough. He was orchestrating this thing from start to finish and he knew that they would all come running in the coming weeks. He had never had too much time for Julian Jones when it all came down to it but now he was his best friend in the world. Jones was an A-grade fuck up and drunk white collar smack head but right now he was Taylor’s ticket to absolute immortality. He knew that if things kept going the way he was planning them too then he would be the huge winner. All he had to do was to keep cultivating his contacts and everything would fall into place for him. He was still thinking of how lucky he had been. It was a chance he liked to take. He knew from the outset that getting Julian Jones in on his act was a master stroke. He knew the sort of people Jones liked to jump into bed with. He knew the cloud of notoriety that surrounded him. He knew that if he, Taylor Sweetland, jumped into bed as well, he would have a picnic. The man with no name.
The beautiful thing was everyone involved in this had everything to gain and nothing to lose. The only trick was, whoever won would determine whoever lost and this would also determine how much they lost.
The mayor was calling for Julian Jones blood. He was winning because he was seen to be a strong leader and responding to the will of the people. If Jones went down, he would be a hero. If Jones went free, then the courts would be a sham and he would segue beautifully onto the back of his next train without missing a beat.
Julian Jones is in the public eye, he has been sold up the river by a mayor and a DA looking for a scapegoat. If he goes down it is because he dared to trust a corrupt policeman supplying him with bad information. He becomes a martyr for all reporters with sources, i.e., everyone. If he goes free, he takes the long walk to freedom and eternal crusaderdom. Either way, he gains publicity and notoriety he could only dream of and as everyone knows, the shortest distance between two points in a scandal driven show trial like this is the main perpetrator and lots of money.  
The DA can be seen as either the mayor’s lapdog or scapegoat. If Jones goes down then the DA is a hero for being the upstanding voice of justice. If Jones goes free, then the DA is the innocent who was trying to fight a case he couldn’t win. A case that has been set up by the agenda oriented Mayor.
The press can either be seen as the enemy which is unlikely or the scapegoat which is more likely. After all, they are calling the real shots. They are the drum to which everyone involved is marching.
The NYPD would wash their hands of Chris Cox who would be painted as the true evil in the whole story. He was dead which was very convenient.
Taylor sat back and took it all in. It was impossibly beautiful. He was still amazed at how these things worked. He was pulling the most beautiful strings of all. It was heaven.



Taylor’s friend the ghostwriter called himself John Doe which Taylor thought was very funny. He had used him on more than one occasion for just this type of situation. Whenever a scandal happened that Taylor had a vested interest in and the person in question knew there was no escape, he would employ the services of John Doe who would punch out fifty to sixty thousand words in a couple of days and there was the whole story, straight from the horse’s mouth. John Doe would take ten to fifteen per cent of sales which Taylor thought was very generous. For this one Taylor knew that John would ask for fifteen. 
John was a former reporter and failed novelist who was as soulless as they came. He was happy to write for other people. He did anything for anyone from political biographies to pop star interviews. He was nothing like Julian expected. He was in his early forties and looked much younger. He clearly liked to keep fit and tanned. His loft apartment was straight out of a twenty-something sitcom. Lots of exposed brick and bright colored prints on the walls. There was a fashionable looking iMac in the corner and at least three laptops that Julian could see. A massive television hung from the wall in one corner and the leather couch was perfectly comfortable. After looking around the place, Julian thought some redecorating was in order at his place. Ghostwriting obviously paid well. 
John was a bright and energetic man and Julian could now see how he and Taylor had had such a prosperous relationship in the past. John Doe needed to know everything Julian could and would tell him about the whole Bard scandal as well as all he knew about police procedure and of course, the star of the show, for now, Chris Cox.
Julian sat as John made designer coffee from a designer coffee machine. Taylor sat opposite and kept signing John’s praises ad-nauseum. “He’s incredible”, "He’ll fix everything”, “We’ve worked together before and he never ceases to amaze me.” Taylor told him to relax and tell the truth. He felt like a star witness being cut a deal. The magnitude of what he had done dawned yet again on Julian. It was still doing unending damage to his pride to have to rely so heavily on other people. It was not something Julian Jones was required to do often. It was not a pleasant experience.
John had finished tinkering with the coffee machine and playing  the good host and now decided it was time to get down to business. He took out a small tape recorder from his pocket and placed it on the coffee table.
“I’m going to record our conversation Julian. After I write the book, I’ll destroy the tapes so there is nothing to incriminate you.” John Doe struck Julian as a real pro.
John sat in a chair opposite and started to ask Julian questions.
“How do you know Chris Cox?”
“He was my police contact”
“What’s that?”
“All reporters have contacts on the police force. They feed stories to the press and nurture relationships so they can control what gets printed about them.”
“How was your personal relationship with Cox? Would you consider him a friend?”
“No probably not.”
“When did he come to you with this Bard thing?”
“He met me one day and told me that a whole lot of people had been turning up dead and he asked ether I would be interested in covering the story.”
“What did you tell him?”
“I told him it wasn’t a story”
“What did he say to that?”
“It really didn’t seem to bother him.”
“When did the idea for The Bard come about?”
“Not long after. I had been burned on a story and I needed something to get back and Cox knew it. He came to me with the Bard story.”
“When you say he came to you with the Bard, what were his words exactly?”
“He told me the bodies he had mentioned earlier were linked to some new killings, bodies that had been left with poems, grisly stuff.” 
“And what was your reaction to that?”
“I was pretty fucking pleased to be honest.” Julian’s smile was met by a polite one from John and a beaming one from Taylor. “Like I said, it had been a lean time.” Julian said.
“Did you discuss anything else?”
 “I said that if any other reporter contacted him and asked about the Bard then he would tell them to fuck off.”
“Why is that?”
“Because it was my story.” Julian went to light a cigarette as John nodded it was ok to do so. “Look, Cox knew which side his bread was buttered on if you know what I mean. This story was mine and mine alone and for that Cox would continue to be kept in the manner to which he was accustomed.”
“I think I understand what you mean.” John said.
Julian started to get a picture of how this book of his/theirs would look, Chris Cox, the blatant coat tail rider doing anything for his piece of the action alongside the legend of New York society. All over the country, young boys will read this book and dream of a life of hard drinking, womanizing and a place at the head of New York society. 
He emptied another glass of scotch, as much for their benefit as for his and was settled comfortably in his favorite position, holding court.
“And what happened next?” John asked.
“The story broke and I was the talk of the town.”
“And how did Cox feel about this.”
“I think it started to get out of hand and he was worried people would find out the truth, what he’d done.”  
“How would you describe his state of mind at this time?”
“Not good.” Julian held up his glass for a refill. “Naturally I was worried about what he might do next so what happened next was no real surprise.”
“Go on.” John said after a pause
So I have to write this fucking thing for you as well Julian thought.
“He actually took a body from the morgue and planted it to look like another victim.”
“He planted a body?”
“But that’s not the best bit.”
“Go on.”
“He told me there was a witness so he killed him as well.”
Taylor had to get up and go to the other side of the room, such was his excitement. This was unbelievable. Despite the gold he had struck he started to wonder just what sort of people he was dealing with. In his job he thought he had seen it all but he had never come across anything like this. 
“What happened next?” He could hear John ask.
“He started to blackmail me. He said he would leak it to the press that I had made The Bard up and he would see that I burned for it.”
“That you made it up?” John gave Taylor an exaggerated look from across the room.
“It was his word against mine, and he’s a cop.”
“Surely there was more to it than that.” John said “What about the bodies? The evidence?”
“That’s pretty much what I thought, but I’m no cop so what can you do?”
“And then what happened?”
And then what happened? And then what happened, Julian was getting tired of this.
“He told me he wanted a million dollars”
“And that’s when you wrote the piece pointing the finger at him.”
“I didn’t realize it would get him killed. I was just trying to call him off.”
“No, no. You did the right thing.” John and Taylor looked at each other and both nodded. John then got up and switched off the tape recorder. “That’s all I need thanks Julian. I’ll finish the book in the next couple of days and then give you a call and you can come and look at the manuscript.”
Julian left and that was that. Taylor looked at John with a sly grin on his face.
“You realize that if you do burn that tape then I will kill you.” He said.



Taylor arranged to meet Michael Poulson for lunch. Poulson was in charge of PR for the New York Police Department and Taylor needed him to toe the line for the next few weeks. Taylor had dealt with Poulson before and knew he was a sucker for the spotlight. Julian’s book was coming out soon and Taylor knew that a scandal surrounding it would push the book onto the best seller lists and Julian would appear everywhere from Letterman to Larry King. Enter Mandy Tick and then we start all over again. Taylor had to spell this out to Michael Poulson and convince him to be patient. 
His baby-face teen idol features were wrapped up in a cheap suit and he looked like a teenager going to his first job interview. He was in his early thirties but looked a decade younger. Taylor knew what a good operator he was, however, and he knew he had to be at his best. He set him up perfectly.
“Now Michael. I know you and respect you and you do a great job for the city. It’s because I respect you so much that I’m meeting with you today to tell you what I’ve got going on at the moment.”
 Poulson nodded and asked him to go on.
“As you know, I’ve been working with Julian Jones and helping him deal with the spotlight surrounding this Bard thing and recently it has come to light that the story is not genuine.”
“What the fuck” Taylor knew that this reaction would make his job that little bit easier.
“Yes. I was as shocked as you are. You see we commissioned Jones to write a book which comes out next week and in it there are claims that The Bard doesn’t exist and was in fact made up by Detective Chris Cox and then fed to Julian Jones. Cox then tried to blackmail Jones for a million dollars. We believe that Cox also threatened Jones more severely and Jones printed a story he knew about Jones being corrupt. Jones was then subsequently murdered.”
Taylor paused to give his story more drama than it already had. Poulson sat there staring down before looking up and shaking in disbelief.
“I just don’t believe it” He rather predictably said. “So all of this is in Jones’ book?”
“Yes”
“And when is it out?”
“Next week. We’ve also called a press conference for next week where Jones is going to announce these allegations”
“And nothing I say will make you reconsider”
“No. But I do have a proposition for you.”
“OK then. What is it?”
“Now I know the chief wants to send Jones down for this whole thing and I know how this looks. Jones is defending himself and Cox makes the perfect scapegoat. Now what I am about to tell you cannot leave this room. If you leak it to the press, I will deny it and withhold it and you will end up looking like a fool.”
Taylor knew he was talking tough and little else as he didn’t know how he would withhold the story. There was no stopping Mandy Tick.
“What do you take me for TJ? Whatever you tell me is in confidence.”
“We believe Jones did make the Bard up. We have a story up our sleeve which is going to bury him but we’re waiting for the right moment. Timing is everything in a story like this and we have to time it right for maximum impact and maximum damage to Jones.”
“You really don’t like Julian Jones do you?”
“It’s not like that at all. It’s nothing personal. This is just the way that it will work best.”
“I still don’t get where I come in.”
“You’re going to be on the periphery initially and then when we crack the story you look like the voice of reason. The hero who tipped it all along.”
Taylor sat there and grinned at Poulson as if to say, ‘well what do you think of that?’
“I don’t like it”
“What’s not to like?”
“If I’m the lone voice of reason in this whole thing then who the fuck cracks the story. I’m going to look stupid if the story gets broken right under the noses of the NYPD by some hack reporter.”
“I have deals for the story to be cracked and when it will be cracked”
“That’s not my problem. I want the story.”
Taylor sat back and started to think. He started to think where the real power lay in this whole thing.
“I’ll have to sleep on it if you don’t mind”
“Not a problem. But if I haven’t heard from you in two days then I take matters into my own hands.”
Taylor got up and left. As he was travelling back uptown he started to think about the web he was weaving and where Michael Poulson thought he fitted in the whole thing. He started to think that Poulson held minimal cards and that Taylor could take him down. He knew he didn’t want to piss Mandy Tick off as there was no telling what she might do and she did have the tape which would sap his power base away. What was he thinking? He also didn’t want to sell Jones too far up the river. Taylor knew he was burning some bridges in this thing but he knew there were some bridges he absolutely could not burn and Mandy Tick could put the match to the ones he dearly wanted to keep. Taylor decided he would deal with Michael Poulson in his own way. This was a job for the ever powerful Julian Jones. Who the fuck did Michael Poulson think he was dealing with? 



Julian was sitting at home drinking and smoking and listening to some loud music when the phone rang. It was barely audible above the music and Julian’s drunken stupor. It was his new best friend: Taylor Sweetland. Julian started to think of the old saying, ‘the enemy of my enemy is my friend.’ Julian started to wonder just who his enemies were in this whole thing. Who as working for him and who was working against him. He wondered if Taylor Sweetland used words like enemy or friend or whether it was all just agenda.
“JJ my man who are things?” His familiarity and rampant happiness were really starting to wear thin on Julian.
“I’m just fine. How are things with you?” and why are you calling me.
“Couldn’t be better. I have a job for you. It will put you back in business as well as deflecting some attention away from this whole shit storm that’s all over the place at the moment.”
“Tell me more.”
“Michael Poulson is gunning for you at the moment. He wants to put you through the ringer and get himself and his force some brownie points.”
“And just who is Michael Poulson?”
“Communications director for the NYPD. A very powerful man and a very reckless one too, if you know what I mean.”
“No I don’t and besides, this is not good news, what is it I’m going to do about him.”
“What you do best, JJ. He’s a very bad boy and you’re going to see to it that the people of this city know it. He had had is hand in too many cookie jars and he also likes to take a little bit of the substance more than just from time to time. He’s as dirty as a Southern governor and it’s time he was sold out. When you do, the force will go a lot easier on you for exposing this criminal in their ranks. It always looks bad for them when this sort of thing happens and they always pull their head in as a result. If you plant this story then I guarantee you that you’ll get an easy run from here on. The deck will be stacked in your favor as far as the trial goes. It will be smooth sailing from here on in.”
 Jones had to hand it to him. He sure as hell made a convincing argument. That was his job though, thought Jones.
“How can you be so sure? How do you know he doesn’t have buddies on the force who’ll pick up the torch.”
“They won’t, don’t worry about that. That’s the last thing they’ll do. When a cop gets disgraced, the force not only disowns him, but they will distance themselves from every policy and view that he had. It’s pure politics. If we take him down then you won’t hear from him or anything he ever stood for ever again.”
Julian was unsure about this. He was unsure about a lot of things. A month ago he would have run this story without a second thought but now he didn’t know. He didn’t know who he could trust. He didn’t fully trust Taylor but he was the best hope he had. It was better to go with him than try to make the story disappear.
“This is the only action to take JJ, you know it is.”
He couldn’t help but agree. He would run the story. Taylor was pulling his strings some more. He had played this one beautifully. 

TOP COP ON THE TAKE
By Julian Jones
Top police official, Michael Poulson, a noted drug addict and womanizer has recently been implicated in a corruption scandal that is rocking the New York Police Department.
Poulson is the communications director of the department and is known to have been the ringleader of a prostitution ring on the force that was set up with the specific intention of funding Poulson’s rampant drug habit.



Julian entered the room to the buzz of cameras and press and took a seat in the middle of the main table at the front of the room. Julian had been to plenty of press conferences before but never as the guest of honor. It was another notch on the belt of his enormous ego. He started to think that Cox was once again going to help him out from the grave. He sat with Taylor Sweetland who did all the talking as the press started to calm down. The room was at fever pitch at the prospect of the startling book by Julian Jones, the architect of the Bard in more ways than one. He was about to be the flavor of the month all over again, not that he had ever left the public eye.
Taylor got up and did what he does.
“Ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Jones is here to cooperate. As you may or may not know he has just published a memoir of the whole Bard scandal. As he was researching the book and going over some old police notes he encountered some startling and disturbing facts. It has been a great shock and a source of great personal stress and turmoil to Mr. Jones who prides himself on being one of the most dedicated and passionate reporters in this city. These facts are that disgraced policeman, Detective Christopher Cox - who was recently murdered in relation to corruption and other unrelated police matters- fabricated the story of The Bard in order to strengthen his contacts with the press so as to cover up his undesirable practices, practices which were later exposed by Mr. Jones. We believe that the murder of Jane Donnelly to have been committed by a copycat.”
The room exploded like the home team had scored a touchdown. Taylor stood there holding court like a referee or a ringmaster. He was clearly having the time of his life. He had hit the jackpot, as had Julian who was still sitting and looking like he was at a funeral. That was vital. Taylor’s words were ringing over and over in his ear. Don’t smile. Don’t smile. You’re in pain. You’re suffering.
It was time for Taylor to take control of the room once more. He stood up and called the room to order before asking questions of the reporters he had hand-picked. Everyone else in the room knew this so would shout out at every opportunity. 
“Mr. Jones, do you feel responsible for the murder of Jane Donnelly?”
“No I do not. I was given information by Mr. Cox and could reasonably expect to believe it. Every reporter in this city has contacts on the police force and if we don’t trust them then who can we trust?”
“Do you have anything to say to Caroline Donnelly?”
“Naturally, I’m very sorry for her loss”
“Are you saying that Chris Cox is responsible for the death of Jane Donnelly?”
“No I didn’t say that but he was reckless in his actions of supplying me with dubious information.”
“How can you ever trust a source again?”
“I have to. It’s my job. Not everyone is like Chris Cox.”
It went on like this for a while longer. Julian showed himself to be very adept at answering questions with just the right mix of control and compassion. He was loving every minute of it all of a sudden. He was the center of attention once more. He was the master of his domain. The main attraction. The star of this show. Taylor Sweetland may have been the director but Julian was the star. That was the way it would always be thought Julian. 



Michelle sat in Gretel’s tasteless office and stared out the window. She was mentally drained and exhausted. She had been working 12 hours a day in order to finish this book on time. Jones himself had written a book about the whole thing and it was a huge bestseller. The fact she had found out from her publisher didn’t seem to bother Julian. “It’s all part of it’ was his response. Michelle wasn’t sure it bothered her either. The last weeks with Julian had her almost worn out. Let’s just get his book out’ was her main thought. Nothing else really mattered. Maybe that’s the way it would always be. She was still nervous as to how this would be received. She knew that she would get rich of it as advance sales had gone through the roof. Julian’s book had also sold through the roof and Chris Cox was now seen as the bad guy in the whole affair.
“Michelle, darling, you’re a genius. This is going all the way. I’m talking awards. I’ll see to it that you’re on the short list for the Pulitzer. This is gold.”
She sat there and showed Michelle proofs of the cover and promotional posters. Michelle was taking it all in and sat there staring, completely emotionless. She should be excited but she still didn’t feel completely great about what she had done. Maybe it would pass. Maybe she did love Julian. She doubted both but not in equal measure. She thought of how easily her career would progress now. People just couldn't get enough of true crime.
All of this was a distraction, however, from what she was really thinking: how would Julian react? 


 
Robert T Nale, Wilson K Goldberg and Sheldon P Mackenzie were respectively, The Governor of New York, The Mayor of New York City and The New York City District Attorney and on this fine day were all seated at the same table in The Carnegie Club, the most exclusive club in town. Amidst the sumptuous leather and magnificent wood, the waft of phone number salaries and middle initials and grandiose pomposity the three of them sat their thousands of dollars of suits of tens of thousands of dollars of leather and smoked hundreds of dollars of cigars and spoke of Julian Jones. His fate was in their hands. They sat in a private room which was another sign of superfulousity. Along with the middle initials which gave their names an extra stop on the journey from ones mouth and their titles which gave them an alternative name, ‘Mr. Mayor, Mr. Governor, Mr. District Attorney’, their desire for privacy at The Carnegie Club was to be frowned upon. This triumvirate of power was a legend in its own mind against the might of members carrying such names as Vanderbilt and Rockefeller. Being elected to office was no comparison to having mountains of money. The effrontery was appalling. The ego even more so. What made these three think that anybody else in the room would care what they had to say? Nothing they did had any interest for anyone else. An interest in politics was a sure sign that one’s influence and status was insufficient.
The room was appropriately huge and important. High ceilings, Wood paneling, aroma of rich in the air. It was sheer look at me gaudy and opulent yet refined and New English. Nale was at home in these surrounds. He was a third generation New York Wasp Republican politician. His father had been a power broking senator in the fifties who played his part in beating up the red scare. This cost him a shot at president when he was outsmarted by Nixon, a sworn enemy. Hamilton Nale was all flash and spectacle. The very opposite of Nixon. When Nixon was vice-president he went out of his way to shun Nale so that Nale ended up becoming bitter and obnoxious which landed him on the outer both politically and socially. His only son Robert almost denied the existence of his father and bled when the two of them were mentioned in the same breath. His grandfather was a young hotshot senator during the twenties and thirties when anything went. He was being earmarked for big things until his wife died a painful death and he retired to mourn her. When he went public with this unbeatable story of morality and good-guyness he was put on the ticket as a genuine candidate but was promptly taken off when stories of his rampant infidelity closet homosexuality and rumored implication in the murder of a prostitute started to appear everywhere. The Nale family hatred of the press started right here.
Robert had worked his way up the hard way. His family history was always against him and he didn’t want to give them any ammunition but he inevitably did. His stunning good looks and baritone voice made him irresistible to women. His power certainly helped as well. He was being slated as a possible running mate for his Harvard Alumnus Henry Walker Welles in the upcoming primaries. While Kane was a grand old sixty plus silver tail republican, Nale was a forty year old man of the future. A Bachelor and class act with matinee idol looks who permanently lived inside a $5000 Saville Road suit which complemented his granite chin, marble smooth face and clear emerald eyes. Unlike the two previous generations of Nales, Bob’s infidelity and other indiscretions were seen as a sign of youthful exuberance.

Wilson K Goldberg was a classic example of political window dressing. From the moment he awoke in the morning, everything he did had an agenda. His language was pure Spin and his motives were pure votes. This was nothing new in a politician but Goldberg did this to unprecedented levels. He was indispensable to Nale but no-one else. It had often been said that Nale propped him up and kept him in office by letting him ride his coat tails. That was how important and glamorous Nale was. But for a man like Goldberg, in his late fifties, this looked very pathetic. He was a yes man made good. He couldn’t make a decision by himself but was quick to take credit for anything that happened in his fair city. He had grown up in the Bronx and had spent his whole life getting away from there. He liked to tell people of his rough and tumble beginnings but in reality he was kept sheltered and out of trouble through the fact that his father and brother were notorious street criminals. Nale was his ticket. He was surrounded by good people which was an absolute necessity for someone with his glaring limitations. He would sing the Nale song in New York City in response for Nale propping him up with his unequaled charm and political nous.

Sheldon Mackenzie was more Waspish than any of them and he was proud of it. He was everything a New York City DA had been since the beginning of time. He was ambitious, agenda orientated, under educated and very very savvy. He was a real political animal with the right amount of bitterness. Power was his aphrodisiac, even more so than the hookers and waitresses he was known to call on regularly. Working for the low money side had never been a popular choice for Sheldon’s father who was the last great Wasp silver tail. Special counsel to five presidents and unfaithful husband to four wives, he was nothing more than a source of funds and high expectations for Sheldon. For all of Sheldon’s forty four years, he had struggled away from the image of the crooked lawyer father and towards the powerful man of integrity. Something got lost along the way and now here he was in a room with two scoundrels of men who were his intellectual inferior but higher up on the political food chain and he had to play their ball.

The three of them sat and drank Johnny Walker Blue Label and smoked Cuban cigars. If it wasn’t such a Knickerbocker tradition it would reek of cliché. It was all on Nale who never ceased to want to amaze with his aura of opulence. Sheldon tried not to be intimidated by this vulgar display of ‘I-have-more-money-than-you-ery’ whereas Goldberg was happy for some scotch and a chance to chew the fat with Nale. It was him who had called the meeting as there was a scandal in his town and he needed some heavyweights to help him bring down the perpetrator. He spoke first.

“That Jones fuck has a nerve. Can you believe it? I have to bring him down. He killed a girl.”
The air grew thick with ulterior motive. Sheldon immediately knew why he was asked here. He sat in silence not expecting to wait long before he was called upon to say what they could get Julian Jones for. His mind started to tick over as he began to wonder the same thing.
“Here he is all over the TV. It’s Taylor fucking Sweetland. These people are scum I tell you. I want to see these people taken care of.”
“Now. Now Wilson” Spoke Nale who to a neutral observer would have clearly come across as the sensible calm and cool one. “Let’s not jump to any conclusions yet shall we? Freedom of the press as we know has its privileges. He hasn’t killed anybody. He can’t be held responsible...”
“Can’t be held responsible! Bullshit” Goldberg was fuming. “Bullshit, bullshit, bullshit! Cox wasn’t that creative. This has Julian Jones written all over it.”

Sheldon sat and waited to be called on which he knew would be soon. He was going over it all in his head. Cox was an easy scapegoat but would the NYPD want to protect themselves or throw him under the bus. Jones was holding press conferences and selling books. It wasn’t a good look. There was also Jane Donnelly’s murderer, that was why he wanted Jones so badly but did he really think people would forget all about her? Would simply telling the Cox and Jones story distract from that? 
Sheldon knew how to play the percentages. Bring Jones in now and he could be cracked easily. He was thinking of charging Jones with a crime called Tortious Interference, a mouthful which wouldn’t play well in the press but at least he’d be charged, that’s all that would really matter. He’d throw in a charge of reckless endangerment for the death of Cox. That made the Tortious Interference more palatable and easier to understand even though nobody really thought Cox a victim. It was doubtful either charge would stick but by the time he’s acquitted, his book is in the bargain bin and everyone’s moved onto something else. The angry mob won’t have the attention span to care when Jones walks free. There'll be something else to occupy their outrage. There was a lot of smoke and it was going to be some fire. 

Sheldon could see that future vice-president Bob Nale was steering clear of the potential soap box hysteria that would inevitably surround this case. The Bard had city in the palm of his hand for weeks and now it was revealed that it was a fake. But there was a copycat who copied not a murderer but a news report. It was a landmark case and Nale wanted no part of it.  Goldberg, however, knew it was worth a shot. He was looking at reelection and knew that this would boost it no end. Nale on the other hand had a vice-presidential nomination in the bag. He was going to be a running mate. On the ticket. His presence here had the potential of doing him more harm than good and Sheldon knew he wouldn’t bite. He didn’t need this nearly as much as the other two did and all three of them knew it. The selfish bastard, thought Sheldon. Here’s the next Vice-President and the present Governor ridiculing our blue ribbon tactic for re-election. We don’t have the contacts and comfort to be able to wash our hands of our job. To make this stick Nale had to be on board. For Goldberg the king of agenda, his reluctance to jump on was a problem. For Sheldon, the ambitiophite and non-confidant coat tail passenger, this was even more of a problem.  

 

Taylor Sweetland was summoned to an anonymous room in an old Knickerbocker building on the Upper East Side. He had been told to go there by a phone call from somebody he didn’t know but he knew who he was going to meet him there to discuss what had been going on lately. He was a man who had an interest in the proceedings but who didn’t know which way to bet. He was a politician and knowing which way to bet was everything. He was Bob Nale. The Governor of New York. The next Vice President of the United States.

Taylor was led into an impossibly opulent room and immediately saw Bob Nale across the room. He was sitting down on a chesterfield couch reading the paper. He had his back to Taylor and did not move as Taylor entered the private room and made his way towards the governor. He only acknowledged Taylor as he arrived at the couch. Nale looked up casually and offered Taylor a seat to sit on and his hand to shake in the one action. He was very businesslike in his approach and he wasted no time.
“Now Mr. Sweetland I have been watching closely what has been going on lately with this Bard business and I have to say you do seem to be very good at what you do. I am really impressed.”
“Why thank you sir.” No ‘please call me Bob’ followed.
You see I’m a politician as are Mr. Goldberg and Mr. Mackenzie and I have people to please as they do. I also have my agendas and it is unfortunate for them but fortunate for you that my agendas happen to contradict theirs. I am a politician so obviously I have to pick a side and in this case I’m having real trouble picking one. But you see the sides have already been picked for me due to my stance on freedom of the press and anti-censorship laws which form no small part of my appeal. That puts me at loggerheads with Mackenzie and Goldberg who are launching their re-election campaigns on the back of this. 
Being that this whole circus, a circus at which it appears you are the ringmaster, is concerning my pet issue, I have to step in with my two cents worth. If I sit back and don’t say a word, then I look like a right yellow governor who will never be vice-president. I met with Mackenzie and Goldberg and they want Jones. Making Cox the fall guy isn’t going to play. They’ve got this zeal and passion that second-rate operators like them get when they stumble onto some cause they think will get them the choir preaching headlines they love. I washed my hands of it naturally because I didn’t want anything to do with those two. But now they’ve whipped the people into a frenzy. I have to turn this around.”
“How do I help you do that?”
“By doing what you’ve been doing only for the other side. If I was a good enough politician I could turn the people around by myself, but I want a sure bet and all the help you can give me.”
“Such as”
“I need you to throw all the media outlets off the case. I need this thing hosed down. If you give me this I will take you on as my communications director where you really will be putting on a show.”
“That’s very flattering sir but I think you are overestimating my pull with the media.”
“Taylor, we both know you’re selling yourself very short.”
 “If they are that easy to switch why can’t you just do it yourself”
“Because I want you on my side”
“Ok. How do I throw them off the scent?”
“I’m the governor and I’m going to be the Vice-president and the President one day. I’m sure these cronies at your newspapers are going to consider that when they weigh up who they want to get in bed with. I can give them unprecedented access and they can give me a free ride. If they go ahead with this Bard shit, I can freeze them out like nothing else.”
“I guess it comes down to the question, who needs who more.”
“I’m just telling you how things work at my end. Remember, communications director. You could write your own ticket. And the power. Think of the power. No more death knocks and brick hitting for you. Do we have a deal?”
“How would this work. How do I know your offer is genuine?”
“Exactly the question I would have asked. That’s why I have a contract right here”
Nale reached onto the coffee table and inside a manila folder was a contract that seemed to be the real deal.
“Let me sleep on it.”
“Absolutely. Let your lawyer look at that and then let me know. I have to go now.”
With that the next vice-president of the United States got up and briskly made his way from the room.



It was time for Julian Jones to get himself a lawyer and Taylor knew just the man. There could be no argument. Only one man could do this job for Taylor.
It was time to call his partner in crime. It was time to call Dalton Reed.

Sleek and shiny surfaces; blonde wood; abstract art; brightly colored leather couches; look-at-me chic everywhere. This was what the reception area of Dalton Reed’s offices looked like. He was lawyer and special counsel to the stars. He was all about the publicity. He was a decent lawyer but a peerless self-publicist. It was no surprise that he and Taylor Sweetland had a very fruitful and mutually beneficial relationship. 
Dalton Reed was accepted to the Actors studio straight out of high school and he wanted to be an actor. That’s where the name Dalton Reed came from. It was far more marquee-able than David Rasckontovitch. Becoming an actor was a perfect excuse to lose his ludicrous moniker. He soon discovered that his talents lay elsewhere and he took up law. Using the contacts he had made at the studio he very quickly became very popular as we was very good at removing stars of their petty inconveniences such as breaking the law. He was very good at it and his motto was ‘discretion at all costs’. He lived by this code which seemed to be at odds with all he stood for: himself, everywhere! He lived by this code because he knew that he needed to eat and keep himself in the lifestyle to which he wanted to become accustomed and he knew that he had to build a good reputation to do it. He knew that when celebrities had brushes with the law, that they wanted it handled as smoothly and as quietly as possible. This is where Taylor Sweetland came in. It may seem a contradiction in terms but Taylor could be the most discreet person in the world when it came to celebrity minor law fracture. He was also adept at being the most indiscreet person when it came to minor celebrity law fracture. The higher the celebrity was up the pecking order then the more discreet he had to be. If one is already a big celebrity then one wants to keep their name out of the paper. When one is not a big celebrity then one wants their name in the paper as often as possible for anything imaginable. Sometimes, the more debaucherous the better. As he had dozens of both reporters and celebrities eating out of his hand, he was very often in demand and would call on his good friend Dalton Reed to represent.
The two of them got their exposure jollies from the cases that nobody could keep quiet which happened about once a year on average and the beat ups they were expert at. In their own, magnificently self-constructed irony, the two of them were aware that while it was OK to overexpose someone and ride the wave while they are everywhere before jumping off, they did not want to be overexposed themselves. Taylor and Dalton had their own meter for judging the level of exposure they would give someone. It went from A (Fuck! Not him/her again!) to F (Who? Never heard of her/him!).
 A random example of their work goes a little like this.
One night in Queens a young struggling actor by the name of Marty O’Connor is pulled over by police in his 10 year old Ford compact and is arrested for driving under the influence. Next to him is a stoned prostitute. She is full of heroin and Marty’s career is full of over. Enter Taylor and Dalton. Queens becomes the East Village, the car becomes a brand new Porsche, the prostitute becomes a model who is pleasuring him, the heroin becomes cocaine, the mug shot becomes an airbrushed eight by ten glossy and Marty O’Connor becomes Connor Van Hourne and lands the role of a sexy heartthrob from the wrong side of the tracks in a new teen series. It was quick and beautiful and over so fast that Connor is dream son-in-law material before anyone knows it. People want to take him home and take care of him. This is what Taylor Sweetland and Dalton Reed working in combination can achieve.

“I was beginning to worry TJ. I saw this Jones thing take off and I hadn’t heard from you. So what’s the story? What’s your angle?”
“Violation of freedom of the press. Massacring the constitution. Mackenzie and Goldberg seeing the red flag. Julian Jones the innocent political patsy. It’s open and shut as far as we’re concerned. I’ve got the interested parties on side. It’s a show trial which will be over before it starts in the eyes of the people.”
“How big”
“Triple A plus”
“Boy.” Dalton paused to take in all he had just heard. “You realize I could have this thrown out right now if I were any sort of lawyer but I guess we’re going all the way with this one.”
“Or appearing to anyway”
“How does Jones feel about this?”
“He’s well and truly on our side. Don’t you worry about that! Him and us are a match made in publicity heaven.”
“What about the other side?”
“Two words Dalton my man, election year. They’ll jump through whatever hoops I put in front of them for this one. This is going to be as carefully choreographed as a stage production”



Taylor met with the chief of police, Raymond O’Quinn at his office downtown. Within minutes of meeting him, Taylor had sized up that he was most definitely cut from the same cloth as Sheldon Mackenzie and Wilson Goldberg. It was getting very crowded at the top.
“Now I want big exposure on this one.” O’Quinn was not beating around the bush. He seemed to be telling Taylor exactly what Taylor was about to start telling him.
“The Mayor and the DA are always the ones who get the coverage and they’re always the ones who come out the other side as heroes. I want us to be at the forefront of this thing. This Cox thing. I can’t tell you how much that has hurt our image. It’s almost been fatal. We take so many hits as it is. We’re lucky that didn’t kill us.”
“You’re stealing the words right out of my mouth, Mr. Chief of Police.” Taylor assumed that was what he should call him.
“Call me Ray, please” Phew.
“Ray. I think we can give you the best coverage of all. You guys are the most important element in this story. Joe public, not to mention Jose, Juan and Jong public don’t know what the DA and mayor actually do apart from cutting ribbons and appearing on TV. The chief of police is the last bastion of public office respectability as far as they’re concerned. We’ll put you at the front of this thing and if the Cox thing gets out of hand then we shoot him down as only the New York press can. We’ll go so hard on him we’ll make the British tabloids look like a publicity machine. I’ve got deals made with all the media outlets in the city. They’re not stupid. They know they’re the ones being put on trial so they’ll do whatever we want them to do.”
“I’m very impressed, Mr. Sweetland. I never had much time for you guys but I must say I’m very impressed.”
“That’s my job Ray. Now about this Jones bust today. I’ve got some suggestions as to what might make it look better for you.”
“Go on” said the Chief.
“Well. First of all we’re going to televise the whole thing so we don’t want a couple of old time career cops who look like they should be perched on a bar rather than on the street if you know what I mean.” Taylor looked hard at O’Quinn and could see that he knew he was truly in the hands of a hard core operator. He was nodding slowly almost trying to slow Taylor down that way.
“Get me some son-in-law types. Butter wouldn’t melt in their mouth sort of guys. It would be even better if they were minorities. Black, Hispanic, even a woman, whatever. It will look good. A new look police force. Give us some lookers too. The smallest player in this drama can be a star at the other end if he wants to. That’s what I do. I’ll be blunt Ray. I can see you being a big man politically in this town if you want to. With the right help you can be a lot bigger than Goldberg and Mackenzie. The two of them are to the condo born if you know what I mean. A guy like you could go far. You come across as far more real than those two. With me in your corner and this whole Bard thing on your CV, you will go far.”
Taylor knew he had said all he had to. Ray O’Quinn sat there and was having trouble wiping the grin off his face. 

Dalton Reed called in to see Taylor Sweetland for his debriefing on his way to see Julian Jones and accompany him downtown. He was impeccably dressed and ready for action as always. He knew exactly what Taylor was doing and how he was playing his hand. He was probably the only one who did. They were ready for everything.
“You are most definitely going to be center stage for this one Dalton. This is our baby and it’s going to be gold. This is no Hispanic housekeeper. No matter which way it turns our bases are covered. You know your lines!”
“I’ve done this before too you know.”
“How does it feel to play chicken with the New York Judicial System?”
“Just another day at the office.”
Dalton was going to lie down for the opening stages of the trial. He had to do this in order for Mackenzie and Goldberg to make enough noise for Taylor to shoot them down. The more noise they make. The more they have to be suppressed. The better the job Taylor is doing looks. He knew exactly how to play. It was a delicate balancing act and Taylor and Dalton were a couple of pure trapeze artists.
“Now Jones knows what’s going to happen” asked Dalton
“I’ve just been to see him and he’s ready. He trusts us. What choice does he have?”
“Does he know the bigger picture?”
“He knows enough.”
“Does he know enough not to fire me”
“He knows enough. He knows that you and me are the only chance he’s got.”
“I guess the DA’s going to give him the treatment when he brings him in.”
“I think he just might.” Taylor said with a smile.
“You are an evil man.”
“It’s all for show. Marshall Redford gets pictures of Jones in a cell and Jones in shackles. Easy money for us. Great pictures for him and great coverage for Mackenzie and Goldberg. Great sympathy for Jones. It’s all good.”
“Now did I hear a nasty rumor that the cops are taking him at the door of his apartment?”
“Absolutely. And you’re going to be there with him. The star lawyer with his star client. Naturally you’ll be center stage. Speaking on behalf of Jones. Plenty of TV stuff. ‘My client this’ and ‘my client that’ you know how to do it.”
“I certainly do. Anything else?”
“I think you know the drill. Just give Julian my best and make sure he looks a million bucks when we come and get him. I’ve already spoken to him and he’s already started drinking so make sure he doesn’t stop.”
“Trying to ease the pain are you TJ. You’re a true gentleman and scholar”
“Indeed. Now get the hell out of my office and tell Julian we’ll be there around ten.”
As Dalton Reed left his office he could see them circling.
 
Taylor sat in Sheldon Mackenzie’s office and was overcome by how unopulent it was. It truly was a civil servant’s office and Sheldon seemed to wear it like a badge of honor. When he came into the room to give Taylor the coffee he had taken him up on, it arrived in a Styrofoam cup and had the unmistakable aroma and color that screamed cheap and nasty. It was a large office but it was cramped as only an overworked and underpaid government employee’s office can be and Sheldon sat in a large chair holding court in front of an American flag and a picture of the president.
Taylor wondered if Bob Nale would ever stare down from that portrait. The two men were taking it in turns telling each other how Julian Jones would be apprehended.
“How much time have we got?” Asked Sheldon. He was beaming like somebody showing hospitality to an important friend. That friend was Bob Nale in the form of Taylor Sweetland.
“We should have enough. I still have to go over to Mr. Jones’ house and brief him on the whole thing.”
“He’s going to play ball”
“He will. I guarantee it.” Taylor paused and realized how many times he had used that expression in the last few days.
He went on “I’ve already spoken to him this morning and he has already started drinking.”
“Perfect. The lush hack reporter. Perfect.”
“Now how does this work?” This was Taylor’s way of sounding naive and letting Sheldon boast slightly. It was really nothing more than an opener to negotiations.
 “We’re going to take him at the front door to his apartment so we need you to set that up with him or the doorman. With him would be better.”
“That should be fine. The only problem is the press. These big apartment buildings always get shitty when we congregate outside like this.”
“That’s not our problem”
“That is my problem. If we give some of them access then our troubles will be lessened. Besides, it will play better if we have you reading Jones his rights on TV than him just coming out of his big-shot building wearing a big-shot suit with a couple of anonymous cops and hustled off into some old piece of shit car.”
“I like that. I like that a lot. You’re good Mr. Sweetland. Very good.”
Taylor was thinking just the same thing.
 “If we get to see him being taken at the door we humanize everybody not just Jones. That way, you, the cops, everybody gets some press and that is always a beautiful thing. We have a couple of crews there and then that night, beamed into people’s living rooms all over the country is you reading this man his rights on national TV. It will be just like a cop show.”
“That’s even more perfect because the chief wanted some minority cops for this one too.”
“He’s a very smart man. He’ll go far. Watch your back.” Taylor tried a slight chuckle but Sheldon had already moved on.
“One of them is African American and the other’s Mexican or Hispanic or something like that. No prizes for guessing what time of year it is and the chief wants to still be doing his job next year just like the rest of us.”
“Those cops will be stars by the time I’ve finished with them and you and the chief and whoever else needn’t worry about re-election once this bandwagon gets rolling.”
“I don’t doubt it”
Taylor got up to leave
“Now if you’ll excuse me Mr. District Attorney I have to go across town to Mr. Jones’ house and brief him about what we have just discussed so he knows what to expect.”
“Absolutely”
“Oh there was one more thing that I forgot to mention”
“Yes. Go on.”
“When you apprehend Mr. Jones and you’re walking him out of the building you wouldn’t have a problem with whoever we give access to asking you a question or two, you know just basic stuff. It will come across really well. Make you look in control. It will be a free hit basically. A no brainer question. If we give this guy access he will ask you whatever we want him to. Something along the lines of ‘Are you confident of a conviction?’ it will basically be a signal for you to get on your soapbox. It will look good”
“Sure. As long as it’s an easy question” Sheldon said without a hint of joking in his voice.

“You’re center stage for this one Marshall. You’re the voice of the people and the people are going to say what we tell them to say”
Taylor was briefing Marshall Redford on the way to Jones’ building in the back of Taylor’s Mercedes. Earlier the two men had been comparing Mercedes’ and Marshall conceded that Taylor’s was better. Marshall Redford was the on the streets TV reporter everyone wanted to be. He was charming and handsome and cheesy. But his ratings were huge, almost as huge as his paycheck. He was televisions equivalent of Warren Beatty as he had dated nearly every female anchor in the city and wore his infidelity as a badge of honor. His name was never far from Taylor Sweetland’s rolodex and the two men had enjoyed a fruitful working relationship over the years. Taylor had been Marshall’s assistant early in his career and Taylor never forgot his slightly greying, permanently tanned always charming voice of the people. It was hard to tell which of the two of them were more powerful. They were like the chicken and the egg. Taylor was more like the horse to Marshall’s cart. Marshall wore a suit that was almost as good as Taylor’s and he smelled heavily of aftershave. Taylor kept talking.
“They’re giving us a couple of good looking minority cops so I want you to give them some exposure. The chief might even be there so let the people know that he is. When we go to his door, he’s going to be expecting us so there won’t be any fireworks. I’ve told Jones to make a wisecrack or something so we can see the type of person he is, the loveable rogue type. You know what I mean.”
“You certainly have all the bases covered TJ.”
“You better believe it Marshall.” He went on without missing a beat. “The DA is going to take him personally and read him his rights himself. He’s really gunning for Jones on this one so he hasn’t left me alone all week as you can imagine but he’s playing for the wrong side as far as we’re concerned so I want you to give him a tough question. Something that makes him look stupid. He thinks he’s going to get a back of a train type question but ask him something like ‘Is this a violation of freedom of the press?’ or something like that.”
“Not a problem TJ.” Marshall was clearly impressed with the show Taylor was running. “How many bridges are you going to burn with this?”
Taylor smiled the winners smile. The smile of a man who has all the answers and who knows exactly what he is doing. The man with no name knew what he was doing. 
“Let’s just say that I know where the real power is and they’re the ones I’m working for.”

Taylor and Dalton Reed were in Julian’s apartment discussing what was about to happen. Julian was clearly agitated. He paced and walked around for no reason. Taylor sat with his legs crossed looking the picture of elegance. He could have been at a dinner party. This was what he did. He was in his element. Jones was nervous but Sweetland was exhilarated. The more Julian had to lose, the more Taylor had to gain.
“They’re going to take you at the front door here.”
“Right here. In my fucking apartment”
“Yes. The press likes that better. The people like that better. That’s how it works.”
“I don’t fucking like it at all”
“Now the cops. One is Black and one is Hispanic. They are both young. This was for the chief. This whole thing is political.”
“Which is exactly why I’m going to get screwed?”
“Don’t worry about that. Everything is fixed. I’ve got deals with everyone. This isn’t constitutional but someone died so they have to be seen to doing something. That’s where this Tortious interference bullshit comes into it. This is just the first shots in the war between the DA, the Mayor on one side, who want to be seen as the spokespersons for the hysterical minority who think that every time the shit goes down, hardworking and honest people like you should suffer. Trust me; this is how these show trials work. Do you really think they are going to convict a reporter for what he writes? The floodgates will open and there will be a shitstorm. These media barons, the guys that own the newspapers, they’re the real power. The DA, Mayor, whoever else they want to line up against these guys don’t have a fuck of a chance. This is a kangaroo court with you the big winner. By the time the trial comes around the people will have something else to bitch and moan about and this will be on page twenty if it gets a run at all by any paper worth a pinch of shit.”
“How can you be sure?”
“They won’t touch it because the floodgates will open against themselves. They're not stupid. It may shock you to hear this but this trial is a fix. It’s a done deal. I have deals with all the perpetrators, yourself included as to what will happen, what role each person will play. This is how our justice system works. The DA and Mayor want you to fry but they’re the ones who’ll get burned. Every press organization in the city will crucify them. These two need the public on side to keep their jobs and they need the press on side to keep the people on side. This is how it works. You should know that better than anybody else.”
“And that is where I guess you come in.”  
“Exactly. It’s people like me who give powerful people their power. People with real power don’t ever exercise it themselves. They sit back and dare people to have a shot at them. When they are stupid enough to do so, they call on people like me to exercise their power. They have me knocking on doors and talking to people because they couldn’t be fucked but they know what I’m selling sells itself. It’s the surest bet in town. The DA, the Mayor, who the fuck are they? They’re foot soldiers fighting the heavy artillery of the press. Nobody got anywhere taking on the media head to head. Look at big tobacco. The greatest foe the government has in the eyes of the people. The greatest foe they have in terms of having to do something against them. Who do the government turn to help. The Media. Now tell me that they are going to take a shot at them. No reporter worth his fake tan and clothing allowance will ever do a hard news story again. It won’t matter whether it’s true or not, that’s not the issue. The issue is the content. Are you with me JJ?”
“You’re losing sight of the bigger picture a little.”
“Perfect. I was hoping you would say that. It means I’m doing my job really well. If you lose sight of the picture it means the public will too. You’re not going to be tried for the big picture. People die for the bigger picture. Jane Donnelly died for the bigger picture but she was killed by a sick fuck that you had nothing to do with. That psycho will be crucified by the very media he sprang from and you will be canonized at the same time. If there’s one thing our justice system hates it’s a martyr and that’s exactly what you will become if this thing isn’t thrown out the minute it becomes uninteresting.”
“What if it doesn’t become uninteresting?”
“How can it not. Tortious Interference? What the fuck is that? We both know it’s only a law that for times when no law is broken but everyone wants someone to blame. A few weeks of legalese no-body understands and everyone’s bored to tears.  A cat up a tree is going to get more coverage than this trial. I don’t know how much more clearly I can make my point.”
“Just relax Julian.” Taylor said as he stood up to leave. “I won’t let anything happen to you.”

 

It was a beautiful day as the anonymous looking car that only Americans can make puilled to a stop outside of Jones’ apartment building. Out hopped detective Jorge Ramazore, an Hispanic and Dwight Russell, an African American. Perfect, thought Taylor Sweetland and Marshall Redford as they watched from the sidewalk which by now was taken up by every member of the press worth their salt. Mandy Tick was there as were numerous coiffured and heavily made up women from TV contrasting red faced walking heart attacks from newspaper and well-tanned and over exercised middle aged men from magazine shows. More than a few of them checked their reflections in the glass at the front of the building. As they were snapping photographs and firing questions at Ramazore and Russell who were acquitting themselves magnificently as media performers, another car pulled up. This was the cue to the young officers and budding celebrity cop to go inside and away from the press hordes and transfer the attention to the occupant of the newly arriving car, Caroline Donnelly. Like a wave going out to sea they were sucked towards the car and began firing questions and snapping cameras in much the same way they had with the two young cops but this time there was a fury to it. Taylor Sweetland stood there and grinned impossibly. He had photographs taken of the scene and was beaming with delight as everything was falling into place perfectly. Once again, right on cue, the car pulled away and drove off. Before the angry mob had a chance to gather itself, Taylor and Marshall ducked inside and met Ramazore and Russell in the stairwell, with them was Sheldon Mackenzie. He was talking to the two young detectives like a politician would to old people. Pure transparent gushiness. The Man with No Name was about to shoot first. Here was his chance for pistols at dawn. They took the stairs to the first floor, then the elevator the rest of the way. They stood out the front of Jones’ apartment as the camera was set up. Ramazore and Russell stood forward; behind them was Sheldon while Redford and Sweetland were at the back. Jones opened the door immaculately dressed and perfectly presented. 
“Julian Jones.” Ramazore said “You have the right to…
“This is my lawyer, Dalton Reed.” Julian Said. “He’s the one who will make sure your bosses lose their jobs.”
He was turned around and cuffed. The two men led Jones towards the elevator. The cameraman walked backwards in front of them. Sheldon stood next to Jones and they walked behind Dalton who was making sure everyone could see his perfectly formed example of a powerful man in a suit.  Marshall asked Sheldon if this was a violation of Jones right to freedom of the press. Sheldon tried not to glare but managed to say a simple and singular ‘no’.      
Sweetland was overjoyed. He beamed like no other as the whole plan had gone so beautifully.

Michelle watched the ludicrous circus from the safety of her apartment. She had told Julian she had meetings with her editors and deadlines to meet –only partially untrue- but in reality, had wanted nothing to do with what Taylor Sweetland was pulling. 
She looked at Julian as he came to the waiting car and didn’t know what to expect. What she was Julian being Julian, loving the attention and the fact he was relevant. This was the essence of her book, she thought. A man so desperate for fame that everything, even his integrity and reputation, were expendable as long as he got on TV and in the papers. In many ways he had become exactly the sort of publicity whore he despised. Or maybe he was that all along.
She turned from the TV back to her laptop. She was almost done. Almost free.



Jack Snitzer was furious. As furious as a walking heart attack would want to get. The captain of the tabloid Titanic. His star reporter fed a toxic story by a corrupt cop. He was being made to look a fool all over town. How could he have let this happen? How could he not have known? How could Julian Jones get away with this right under his nose? Jack was not somebody who was to be made a fool of and he was determined to let everybody know that he would have the last laugh.  He paced around the offices of the New York Player hell bent on something. He just didn’t know what. He was not going to be told what to do by politicians. He was not going to strike any deal as to what he could or couldn’t report on. Julian Jones had made him look like a fool and he was going to pay.
“I don’t make deals with people not to report what we see fit to report”
Jack knew he could pull it off too. He was the lone angry voice of the New York Press. He had never sold out and he wouldn’t now. He was going to make sure that Julian would pay for making Jack look like a fool. He had just the tonic for this show trial that was about to take place. 
 

Nale Has Finger in the Pie
By Julian Jones
 The offices of New York Governor and Vice Presidential candidate Bob Nale have been rocked recently by allegations of bribery and corruption as well as illegal campaign contributions. The allegations come hot on the heels of rumors of drug use and an unsubstantiated charge of sexual battery against Nale by a woman wishing to be identified only as Cherry, an exotic dancer and former prostitute.
The accusations stem from Nale’s known associations with organized crime and drug cartels based in Albany and other upstate New York towns. It is a well-known fact to Nale staffers that he also used his position to garner sexual favors from known associates of crime figures and to a general relaxing of organized crime laws.
Presidential candidate Henry Welles has offered no comment on these allegations but it is understood he has met with other associates in an attempt to start looking for another running mate. Nale’s still has one more term to serve as governor were he to seek re-election which he was understood not to have as he was running for the vice-presidency. Nale’s father and grandfather were both presidential candidates who were rocked by scandal in their personal lives but Robert T Nale was seen as the great white hope for the family. It appears that it is well and truly a case of like grandfather like father like son.   
 
Jack Snitzer had won the Pulitzer Prize and started this paper from scratch and now he had done it. He had finally had a crack at a runner, through Julian Jones, the author of this story that Jack had seen unfit to print. He had held it back of course. He knew it was a dynamite story but Jack wanted to keep it away for a rainy day and now it was pouring. He had played his hand. He wouldn’t be kept off the story because of what some publicist said. Jack had played his hand and now it was time for Nale to play his. He knew that Nale would have to weigh in to the debate and say his two cents worth over Julian Jones. He knew he would not support him now after this. Jones had just buried him and now there was no way Nale would resist the chance to do the same to Jones. Jack was pulling his own set of strings and it felt beautiful.



The car pulled to a stop and immediately it was besieged by reporters who were all after one thing: Him. Ramazore and Russell formed a barricade through which he barged. Dalton Reed was at the rear shouting back at the protesters and demonstrators with nothing better to do than come down here and make a fuss. Then Julian froze. He saw, through the crowd, through the noise and commotion, Caroline Donnelly. She was standing there, by herself looking directly at him. He looked back and could say nothing. He was determined to hold her gaze and she seemed equally determined to hold his. They stared and stared until the gap which seemed to be there for an eternity was taken up by another hound with another recording device which he shoved into Julian's face. He was still feeling the tingle from his morning inebriation and he was glad as it was bringing numbness over him that he needed. The pack of hounds and watchers were making so much noise it felt like a football game. There was no definition and no clarity. Just a jumbled mess of noise. Very loud. Very confrontational. They were here for him. They were shouting for him. At him. He was in a bad place. He wanted to get inside. He could hear Dalton Reed making non-committal comments at people behind him. He was swearing at people while Julian could only hang his head. He wanted to give them a piece of his own mind but he knew he couldn’t. He kept remembering what Taylor had said about that. ‘Don’t lose your cool. Lose your cool and you’re dead in the water.’ ‘Yeah. Easy for you to say, you don't have these people in your face’. He heard Dalton some more. “Take your fucking picture, go on get closer. I dare you.” Julian would almost have been impressed if he wasn’t so embarrassed and slightly drunk.
Despite all of this. Despite all of the people in front of him. Despite all of the abuse from the crowd and all of the counter-abuse from Dalton all he could hear and all he could see was Caroline Donnelly. ‘She was my daughter. She was my life.’ It was straight out of a bad movie of the week but right now it was all he heard and she was all he saw.
‘Oh she’s good’ Taylor thought, ‘Old school’ it was even better than he had imagined. He looked around, satisfied the human drama had been captured to his satisfaction then moved on.
Julian, meanwhile, kept working his way through the crowd. All he could see now were the backs of the cheap suits worn by detectives Ramazore and Russell. After what seemed like more than the few meager minutes it was and after wading through countless people all of them hurling insults and pointing cameras at him, Julian arrived at the door of NYPD headquarters and went inside. Immediately inside the door were two duty officers who both tipped their heads like doormen as he came in. As he stood there in the foyer, Julian could hear Dalton Reed barking orders at them to keep everyone out. As they went to shut the doors Taylor Sweetland appeared and pushed his way inside and immediately began taking control. He went to Julian first.
“JJ. How are you holding up? These fucking cops. They make me sick. Fucking cops. Look, I’ve got some deals with these guys and we’re going to try and get you in and out of here as quickly as possible. You’ll still have to go into a cell for an hour or two but apart from that everything should be fine.”
“A cell. Fuck that. I’ve done everything they wanted me to.”
“It’s procedure. It’ll be real quick. In and out. The one condition I do have is that you give an interview while you’re in there. Marshall Redford is outside. He’s a good man. I’ve got him on the payroll and he’s going to give you great coverage. Say you’ve been framed. Set up, etc.”
“And what’s wrong with that. He won’t be wrong.”
Taylor didn’t even give him a breath of reply. He had already moved on to Ramazore and Russell patting each of them on the back and making patronizing ass-kissing jokes like a football coach praising rookie players for a good performance. As Julian stood there and watched the pro at work he wondered how insignificant he really was in Taylor Sweetland’s plans. As he was thinking this, Taylor turned around and began making his way back over towards Julian who was standing there trying to think of something witty to say to show Taylor how calm and in control he was. He was thinking but he was dry. He stood there frozen and could feel himself about to say something anyway. Something stupid no doubt. As he stood there anchored on the floor, Taylor breezed right past him and went out the door. He returned a minute later with Marshall Redford and his crew. Redford carried the air of a man whose ass people often kissed and Taylor was puckering up right now. They were laughing and joking and after a few minutes Taylor came back over to Julian.
“Redford’s just going to grab a few establishing shots of the booking room and you getting printed and then you in your cell then he’ll be in the courtroom when you get arraigned and then when you leave after you make bail. We’ve got the money. It’s not going to be a problem. You just sit there and look solemn. Look like nothing. Don’t lose the plot. No tears. Just solemn. The readers will decide how you’re feeling. We don’t need to tell them. Just sit there and look solemn. You’ll be fine.”
Taylor was running the show like a production. Julian thought it would be like this but to see it actually happening right in front of him was still quite an eye opener. Not for the first time, Julian hoped that Taylor Sweetland knew what he was doing.

Julian heard his name called and was ushered forward. The last time he had heard it called in such a manner was at his high school graduation. The courtroom was overly opulent and the oak and brass combined with the almost empty gallery gave it a cathedral like atmosphere. He was once again partnered with Dalton Reed and placed in front of Judge Richard Maple who instantly reminded Julian of his father in all his importance and moral stupor. Taylor Sweetland sat forward in his front row seat and had his hands crossed in front of his mouth like a chess player dwelling over the board. Marshall Redford and a few other Sweetland lackeys were in attendance but surprisingly the room was mostly empty. Julian looked at Taylor to see if he was maybe a little upset at the lack of interest in the room but he was illiterate to what Taylor’s concentrated expression was telling him. Taylor had set the whole thing up with some of his contacts in the courts to not let anyone else in as he didn’t want any incorrect or contradictory perceptions escaping from the room.
  At the opposing table sat Sheldon Mackenzie in his freshly changed pin- striped suit and a shark’s grin. He was ready for action and looked not entirely pleased with the fact that there wasn’t a packed courtroom. He was becoming more and more peeved with Sweetland who looked like the pitcher who was ignoring his catcher. He looked at him but he was concentrating on something else. He was looking straight at the honorable Richard Maple.
“Mr. Jones, you are charged with one case of tortious interference in the death of Miss Jane Donnelly and with one case of reckless endangerment in the death of Mr. Christopher Cox. How do you plead?”
“You’re Honor.” Dalton Reed was full of venom “My client is a fine and upstanding member of the community. He is a celebrity so therefore he is accused of all things and his private life is under more scrutiny than most people. He wishes to plead not guilty to such a trumped up and attention seeking, headline grabbing charge as this is.” 
“Your position is duly noted, Mr. Reed. Mr. Mackenzie?”
“We wish to set bail at one million dollars.” Said Mackenzie. Dalton groaned audibly and dramatically for maximum effect. Taylor seemed taken aback. He pulled his head up ever so slightly but then regained his pose from before. Hands crossed in front of his mouth.
“He is a risk to everybody with this column he writes. He is a flight risk as he can do it from anywhere by means of the Internet. He is a writer. A flight conducive profession, that is why he is here and he will do it again.”
“Your honor, my client has not left the country in over five years and hasn’t the means to do so now. He is happy to face these charges and has been nothing but cooperative.  He has no prior convictions and is an upstanding member of the community. Mr. Mackenzie’s bail claim is as unrealistic as his chances in this case.”
“Thank you Mr. Reed. I have taken all factors into consideration and will set bail at five hundred thousand dollars”
There was a slight commotion. Slight because there was only a handful of people in the room to give it. Taylor looked around but seemed underwelmingly concerned while Dalton was on his feet barking at the court.
“Your honor, this is outrageous. We can’t produce half a million dollars. Mr. Jones is not a hardened criminal. Might I remind you that Mr. Jones is a journalist and ....”
“If you know what’s good for you, you will not finish that sentence Mr. Reed. Now if bail is not to be posted then take Mr. Jones away.”

The whole room fell silent from his perspective, he looked at Dalton reed arguing his case but he couldn’t hear a word. The only thing that had Julian’s attention now was the sight of the two court officers making their way towards him to re-acquaint him with the sufficiently uncomfortable feel of standard issue manacles.
The shock of realization came over him as never before. Deep down he had had a feeling all along that he would be OK, that this case was a trumped up media charge but now he started to genuinely worry. He really thought that they were all going to go through with it and he was going to be the scapegoat. He was led toward the holding cell and was greeted with a pack of photographers and journalists who were all waiting in a gauntlet for him Julian to run. It was a guard of honor for a scoundrel. He was abused, prodded, interrogated all the way to the cell. He saw cops and duty officers, people in suits, people well dressed, people who would be his new roommates. All manner of people. He took notice of each and every one of them. That was his job. He looked. He studied. He studied nuance. Read a room. He knew it all. They were all staring at him like hawks. Time seemed to stop as he was led through. Flash bulbs were going off all around him. He now had his own explanation for Taylor Sweetland’s unusually unenthusiastic demeanor in the courtroom. He knew that everything would be all right. Taylor was pulling the strings here as well. This was all his show. He was in good hands. Julian was running the best case scenario through his head yet again. Everything would take care of itself. Nothing to worry about. This had his fingerprints all over it.

“What the fuck was all that about? Are you crazy?”
Taylor was talking to Sheldon Mackenzie and was politely reminding just who was running the show.
“Five hundred grand! Who are you kidding?”
“He went for it didn’t he? I thought you must have had him on the payroll.”
“Not even I can get a judge to play ball.”
“What are you so upset about anyway? You’ve got a cheek. What’s with the empty courtroom?”
“It’s for the best. You don’t want to run your re-election campaign in here. You do it in the press. Let people in here and they make up their own minds. Keep them away and we make it up for them.”
“How did you pull that one off?”
“I told the court that Julian was in fear for his life and had been getting death threats and if his security couldn’t be guaranteed in here then any incident would be the fault of the courts.”
“You are truly a machine.”
“Why thank you.” Taylor was still distracted by the whole thing. It was just nerves but he had never been playing with such high stakes before. He was not happy with Mackenzie’s attitude so tried to appease him with a bit of faux praise.
“You did good.” he said. He wasn’t fooling anybody but himself.

The court officers remover the manacles from Julian’s hands and although they had only been on for a few minutes they left deep red marks that smarted slightly in the cold atmosphere of the holding cell. 
Julian sat there and tried to think but he couldn’t. His surroundings had taken any free thought he had. It was as if his thoughts were in a holding cell as well and there was no escape for either of them. He sat and stood and paced and walked and stretched. He tried anything to keep his mind and body active. His first thought was how good his incarceration may or may not look. He was there in the cell, but outside Taylor was putting the whole thing together. A first class operator like Sweetland wasn’t going to leave a stone like this unturned. Surely this was all part of the drama. He was considering his own martyrdom and he liked it. First the suicide, now this. He really had to hand it to himself. He had a real knack of generating press.
These necessarily pleasing thoughts were suddenly interrupted by the muffled and hollow mutterings of somebody being led his way. He was to have a cellmate.
He looked exactly as you would expect a downtown, white- collar drug dealer to look like. At least that’s what Julian, who prided himself on being able to size up people like this in an instant, took him for. Well dressed, well groomed, twitchy and nervous. Julian made a point of staring straight ahead, fading into the background. Camouflaging against the walls. Retracting into the floor. Julian could see out of the corner of his eye that the man was pacing around in violent directions and darting his head from side to side and all around his cell. Surely his darting gaze had landed on Julian for the briefest of seconds and then again a few darts later. Julian could see the man now slowing as if he had suddenly thought of something. Julian sensed him pausing and coming to a complete stop now. He then seemed to be looking directly at him. Julian sat perfectly still and made an even more concerted effort now not to move. He was even suppressing a swallow. The air seemed to be sucked out of the room. The man’s voice then filled the air and broke the silence. 
“Julian Fucking Jones. I knew I’d seen you somewhere before.”
Julian stayed staring. He stayed in that pose for longer than he should have before slowly turning towards him and giving out an inquisitive and confused look. The man went on, given his cue from Julian's silence.
“My name’s Dexter Rothschild. No relation. Drug dealer to the stars. They got me again but I’ll probably beat it. I met you at a party a couple of years ago. You were with that Michelle chick. Nice piece of work. You still with her?”
“Let’s say I’m with her again.” 
Julian had no recollection of ever meeting this man but Julian no doubt couldn’t remember meeting a lot of people who would boast about meeting him.
“It’s like that is it. You really should keep hold of those ones. Look at me. Who am I? You’re Julian Fucking Jones.”
Damn right. He went on.
“Man that was some night. You were so stoned; you kept me in Italian suits and Ferrari payments for months. I’ve never seen anyone like you. That party was your center court and you sure did serve some aces, buddy.”
Who is this guy?
“I’ve never seen anyone work a room and hold debaucherous court like you did that night. It was magic. It made me realize the value of the work I do.”
“It’s valuable all right.” Julian replied for the sake of a reply. “A very valuable community service.”
Julian found himself gradually loosening up. He was starting to like this guy. It helped that it seemed this guy really liked him.
“Speaking of community service. What have they got you in here for? Is it anything to do with that Bard business? That was some kickass reporting.”
“Thanks.”
 Now tell me one thing between friends. This Bard thing. Is it the real deal? I know how you guys operate. I deal to the best hacks in the city and happen to know for a fact that most of them make their stuff up. It’s awesome. I can’t believe it. The power you guys have. It’s incredible. I know one. He sits in a bar all day and gets drunk and stoned and blown under the table from hookers. At the end of each day as his deadline approaches, he goes to the bar and calls his PA who takes down what he says and assembles it into his piece. What a legend.”
I really like this guy!
The praise singing was far from over.
“You strike me as this type of guy JJ. Mind if I call you JJ. I’m thinking you don’t need hookers to get under the table for you though. So give it to me. This Bard thing. He’s not real is he? I mean how come no other guys had it. It’s great. It’s pure genius, Magic. Only the suckers do real stuff. This is what we want.”
I really really like this guy!
“That is so awesome. I have so much respect for you. I mean, to just have the whole city in the palm of your hand, hanging on your every word. It’s amazing.”
“It’s a living.”
Julian was loosening up more and more. The hero worship coming his way from this man who had apparently supplied drugs to him years earlier had been just what Julian needed.
This was his public. This was the people right here. This is what they all thought of him. This was how he was seen and it wasn’t because of the work of some second rate spin-doctor. It was because of what he did. One might say that his life had meaning now.
Julian’s mystical awakening was interrupted by a warden coming to tell Dexter Rothschild that he had made bail.
“Julian Fucking Jones. I don’t believe it. I just don’t believe it. Here I was actually upset about being locked up but what do you know. Here I was just shooting the shit with Julian Jones. Amazing.”
“The pleasure was all mine Dexter.” Julian said with no hint of sarcasm. “Take care out there. It’s a rough world.” He said as he winked at Dexter who was led out through the front door and into a large black Mercedes with Taylor Sweetland sitting in the back.

Julian sat in the call alone and content. He was still a hero for the Dexter Rothschild’s of the world. Yes, that’s right. A hero to the upper class white-collar drug dealers of the world. What more could he ask for? He stood to start pacing. As he climbed of the ground to start his ambulation he could feel every ounce of alcohol he had devoured that morning. His head and stomach were playing their own version of the game where you pat your head and rub your stomach but with a rapidly increasing tempo. He was also cold and could feel the biting chill in his over-aged joints. He paced the room and craved a cigarette, a joint, a drink, any one of his many vices, which he was not allowed to bring to this place. He had to be content with his paranoia, self-hate and self-pity. This was somewhat countered by his ego, self-importance and his arrogant sense of indestructability. He paced and thought once more about where to from here. Jack Snitzer had gone off the deep end. He was surrounded by people with agendas of which he knew nothing. He seriously doubted whether they would all be working in his best interests, including Michelle. He had seen her at her cold and manipulative best. She was a novelist after all. The good ones never had normal lives. Maybe he was her unwitting muse. Maybe he was the puppet in the Taylor Sweetland show. Maybe he was the fall guy for some sort of cover-up. Who was Taylor Sweetland really working for? Who was Jane Donnelly anyway? She was Fucking Boris Tucker. Who is Boris Tucker? New York Times star reporter. Why does he decamp to Cuba at the drop of a hat when all this starts to happen? Why was Julian the one to get the wrap for this? Why had Jack not wanted to run with his story about Nale and then produced it weeks later? Maybe he was right. Maybe he was the innocent victim of a large-scale conspiracy. He paced and thought about the whole thing. He knew some parts were true but which ones, he didn’t know. He started to think like a reporter but that feeling quickly wore off. He wanted a drink. 

“Mr. Jones. Mr. Jones. Time to go.” Jones was so caught up in the Oliver Stone movie that his last weeks had become that he hadn’t even noticed the warden make his way to his cell door and open it.
“Go where?”
“If you want to stay, you’re welcome, but you’ve just made bail.”
Julian stood and stared at the warden for more than a few seconds but didn’t quite know why. He just stared at him almost upset that another fruitful session of self-analysis was interrupted.
“So they got the money”
“Bought and paid for.”
 
 

The calm exterior that Bob Nale always seemed to have was conspicuously but not surprisingly absent this morning as he paced his study in his 3-4 million dollar brownstone and swore like a sailor at anything that crossed his soon to be lost mind. Taylor Sweetland sat in a lusciously comfortable chair and was running through damage control scenarios in his head.
Nale was raving. Sweetland didn’t blame him.
“I can’t believe this little shit. This fucker. Does he know who he’s dealing with. I’m going to fucking kill him. I thought this was your job. I thought you were handling this thing. How does this guy get through the cracks?”
“Jack Snitzer and the New York Player are small time. Nobody’s going to take any notice.” As soon as he said that he knew what a contradiction it had been. Nale responded appropriately
“They sure as hell took notice of the Bard. Remember him. This is how we got into this mess in the first place.”
Taylor had no response to this and sat there like a bad schoolboy who just had to sit there and take it. He could almost feel his face going red and he felt embarrassment more than anything else as he sat there.
“The problem I have now is that I have to try and keep my job as governor and to do that I have to jump on this bandwagon. This Mackenzie and Goldberg run bandwagon that I wanted no part of with these men I wanted no part of. I’m going to look like a fool if I come into the game now.”
“Let me handle that. At the moment all I want you to do is nothing. Don’t say a word. Don’t even leave the house. In fact go back to Albany and take care of the farmers or something.”
“If I do that then Mackenzie and Goldberg will have a field day. Do you think they’re going to give a shit about me? They only wanted me for my power and now that may be gone. The scary thing is I need them now more than they need me.”
“They’ll play ball, I guarantee it”
“You’ve made a few guarantees lately that you’ll have to take back haven’t you.”
“These two are small time operators. They’re your words. Now let me deal with them. I’ll give them something to bite on. They’ve never had an original thought in their lives so all I have to do is wave a carrot at them and they’ll jump.”
“What sort of carrot”
“I’ve got a fair idea. You’ll just have to bear with me.”
“You realize I’m putting my political life in your hands.”
“I wouldn’t have it any other way.” Taylor said. "I know exactly what to do."
Taylor had absolutely no idea what to do. 
 
As he rode back to his office he sat in the back of his car and looked out the window. Bob Nale was a dead duck as far as the Vice-Presidency was concerned but he still had a shot at keeping his job as governor. Governors are more often than not corrupt and tarnished growing fat off corruption and greed but happy to be the big fishes. Contentment and comfort keeps their ambition in check. Taylor began to wonder whether or not Nale had a communications director and if so then what the hell he was doing now. Why was it now Taylor’s problem to bail him out of this mess? The man with no name rides again. Playing both sides against each other was now getting out of hand as he was now unsure as to how many sides there were and which way they were facing or who they were shooting in this Mexican standoff.
  
Taylor was sitting back and looking at the whole thing from a distance. Julian Jones had the whole town talking and he was still the biggest name in this whole thing. Goldberg and Mackenzie were still being seen as the political animals despite their wishes. They wanted to be seen as crusaders but they were everywhere. All over the TV, papers, even radio. They were feeding the airwaves lines like ‘we must make the press respectable’ and ‘the city must be cleansed’,
They were trying to supply the drum for everyone else to march to.
Taylor was home in his living room trying to put the pieces together. He still desperately wanted Nale to be on the winning team in this thing. Taylor had the most to gain from that, yet Nale was now in the position of being the one with the most to lose. If Taylor could damage the credibility of The New York Player enough, then Nale may be slightly off the hook, yet Julian would be buried which would then set a precedent for which his powerful friends in the dark room would have the most to lose. That would be the worst case scenario. He had half a dozen media moguls on side. If he did the right thing by them then he could rest easy for the rest of his life being in the employ of these men that run the world. They were the media freemasons. Nothing happened without them pulling the strings.
The trial was coming up. The game of chicken would have to continue. He wondered how long he would be able to keep Mackenzie and Goldberg on the line before dumping them. He knew he could keep giving them enough rope. The only problem was who the rope would hang. Would it be themselves or Jones? It was going to be a fight to the death.



“Good evening, everyone. This is your New York and these are your stories. My name’s Marshall Redford.
There was a stunning revelation in the Julian Jones case today with the infamous journalist, formerly of the New York Player confiding in his cellmate at the county lock up that he did indeed fabricate The Bard in order to generate hysteria and sell more papers. In a stunning follow up to this completely immoral act it has been revealed that the murder of Jane Donnelly was a copycat. Therefore, we can conclude that Jones is directly responsible for her death. Joining me this evening is Jane Donnelly’s mother Caroline, ‘Good evening Ms. Donnelly’ ‘Good evening Marshall’ and the man who has brought these latest revelations to light, one Dexter Rothschild, ‘Good evening Dexter’, ‘Marshall’.
‘Firstly to you Dexter, what exactly were you in the county lock up for?’
‘Well Marshall, I’m glad you asked me that first up because I’m sure your viewers will be skeptical. I was arrested for being drunken disorderly even though I was perfectly innocent. I just happen to trip over on the sidewalk as I was about to get into a Taxi. When I was being helped to my feet I slipped. It’s quite amusing really. Just a misunderstanding.’
‘I see. And this is when you were put in the lockup with Julian Jones?’
‘Yes that’s correct’
‘Would you care to describe Mr. Jones for those of us who are unfamiliar with him?’
‘He is a very well presented and intelligent man. Charming even. He didn’t seem overly distressed about being locked up.’
‘What did the two of you talk about?’
‘Well you see, I recognized him from a party we had both been at a few years ago so that was the ice-breaker. Naturally, talk turned to The Bard and all that has been going on. He really got going and seemed very pleased with himself.’
‘In what way?’
‘He told me The Bard was a fabrication, that he had made it up and that it was common practice among journalists.’
‘Well I can assure you it is not.’
‘This is what he told me. He was very happy with himself. He said only suckers reported real news. He made being a reporter sound like some sort of drinking fest with an occasional bit of fiction for the front page. He said that was the way it is and he loved it. He was very proud of himself.’
‘And you believed him?’
‘I think so. I got the feeling he was just dying to tell someone.’
‘Thank you Mr. Rothschild and good luck in whatever it is you do from here. Now Ms. Donnelly, do you have anything to say after hearing these remarkable revelations’
‘I hope that Julian Jones pays for what he has done’

Taylor Sweetland sat in the control booth with Melanie who was his latest attractive, leggy, blonde assistant and watched the latest act unfold. He stood there with his arms folded and a wry grin on his face as he watched Marshall Redford moralize about what a disgrace Julian Jones was and how he had shamed the noble art of journalism. 
“Get me Mandy Tick” He said.
A few minutes later Melanie handed him the phone so he could tell Mandy what he wanted her to do.

“That’s the story. Leave your name off it so we can avoid any changes in your angle on this thing. I know it’s a play for the opposition as far as you’re concerned but it’s a good story and I want you to have it.”  
Time to throw Marshall Redford overboard.



Jones Set Up By Tainted Witness
By Mandy Tick
Dexter Rothschild, the man who is alleged to have shared a cell with Julian Jones and claimed to have been told by Jones that The Bard was a fabrication has been revealed to be a confidence man and unemployed actor. A spokesman for the court was quoted yesterday as saying that a continuing series of events such as this are putting in jeopardy any chance of a fair and reasonable trial. A spokesman for Jones said he was the victim of a large-scale conspiracy and a smear campaign designed to throw him off the scent of a story of wide spread political corruption in New York City.   

 

Jose had been going about his business as if nothing had happened. Columbia was free of students now for the Christmas break and he found the empty corridors exactly what he needed. His supervisor had gone on holidays so he could take his time and relax, the weight of the previous few weeks eased off his shoulder.
There were still times when he thought about what he had done and the guilt was always with him and more than a little exhilaration remained, not enough to do it again, but still just enough to battle the guilt in him. As every day went by he felt a little less of each as well as a little less anxiety about being caught. 
He was a second generation illegal and not in the system, he had never done anything wrong, he didn’t even know his real name. There was no way they would find him. Jose took comfort in the fact that if the guilt and exhilaration over what he had done was ever fully extinguished then he had this safety net to fall back on. He could be god again if he wished. 
He had watched with interest as Julian Jones was paraded before the public as the villain, the one responsible. Jose was amused how easily they just assigned the guilt to him, a guilt he didn’t deserve and that wouldn’t last. People he sat next to on the bus, passed on the street or walked a corridor he had mopped, probably all had an opinion. How little they knew. How little everyone knew. How little Boris Tucker knew. Jose wondered what parts guilt and exhilaration Boris Tucker felt or had he moved on to someone else and only felt the slightest pang of guilt while in the throes of great exhilaration with whoever had replaced Jane in his bed.
When Jose sat in his apartment at night and heard the city beneath him, he wondered how much worse it would be if he turned himself in. It was a thought that also came to him every time he saw a police car on the street. It even came to him the countless times he passed campus security. Maybe one day he would find out, maybe one day they would catch him. And then what? Not just for him but for the city that drew him here and then ignored him in so many ways.  



It was New Year’s Eve at last and Julian paced around his apartment slowly losing his mind. He was drunk stoned and agitated. The television was on and he was all over every channel. The star attraction. The only game in town. One show only. A strictly limited season. His trial was being discussed. His morals and character were being publicly discussed. His attempted suicide was being discussed as a sure sign he knew what was up. People were debating whether or not it was a sign of conscience or another attempt at publicity. It appeared that publicity had conscience by a comfortable margin.
He was deciding what to wear. He chose his brand new suit which had just set him back $12 000. It looked amazing. He looked amazing. The devil in an Italian suit.
Michelle was downstairs and he took the lift down to meet her. He saw his likeness in the mirror of the elevator and was pleased that he was still able to look himself in his bloodshot eyes. He looked a mess but who would notice. It may just add to the mystique of the Jones boy. He was due at the Vanity Fair party an hour ago, but he was going to be fashionably late. He was already drunk. What would Michelle think of this?
She expected him to be in this condition. The elevator door opened and she caught a glimpse of him in his gorgeous suit. Mutton dressed up as a lamb to the slaughter. She looked perfect as you would expect. Her dress was black simple and elegant just like her. Her hair was as it always is and she smelled divine but not overpowering. She kissed him on the cheek and said nothing. She was a class act alright. She didn't have to say anything and Julian didn’t want her to. It was best to just get to the car.

There wasn’t much said on the way. General small talk.
Julian was nervous. He knew what to expect at the party. Michelle did too and was bracing herself. Her image was being done no harm by being seen as the supportive girlfriend. Michelle had had lunch with her editor the other day and he was amazed that Julian was still going in light of all that had happened. Michelle shared her thoughts with him that Julian had had trouble deciding whether or not he wanted to go as he had been deciding on which move would get him more publicity and that was still what he wanted more than anything else.  

Julian and Michelle arrived at the party and entered without a fuss. The venue was a new one. It had just opened and was owned by some New York new money and was classy and tacky at the same time. In a New York kind of way. In a Vanity Fair kind of way. Dean Martin was playing loudly. He was singing in Italian. It took Julian a while to realize this and he was confused and thought that he was tripping more than he actually was. He could see people interrupting their conversations to point him out to their society friends. He then noticed a classic silver tailed WASP approaching. He introduced himself as Walter Van Drunen and said he was disgusted with the treatment that Julian had been receiving. He said he had had dealings with the DA and Mayor and told Julian he had nothing to worry about. He told Julian what a circus the whole thing was. Julian was a hero as far as he was concerned. Even Julian thought that was a bit much but Van Drunen told him how stories were made up every day and that it was time that everyone woke up and smelled the coffee. Van Drunen, it turned out was a media mogul as they are called and he owned a ‘paper or two’. Al Martino’s Spanish Eyes supplied the backdrop as Van Drunen introduced around to his fellow media moguls and said they would all have him on their staff in a minute. Julian was no longer worried about what this party had in store for him as they all relentlessly prodded him about what he thought about this what were his thoughts on that. He truly was the man of the moment. He was the most interesting man in the room again. He was notorious. He was disgraced. He was an outlet of shame. All of these WASP silver tail cads were pleased there was someone here to divert attention away from their corrupt selves. This was what Michelle thought as she took it all in. She was probably the only respectable person in this little group and she was being ignored. Julian was then talking with some WASPettes and they were even more drawn into the story about what he had done. There were critics and novelists with a dozen Pulitzers between them and not an interesting thing to say. There was the NASA Space Shuttle commander. There were senators, film directors, opera singers but once again Julian was the star attraction. There was a song from a Bond movie playing as Julian retired to the bathroom and was cornered by highly moral social commentator Wilfred Tate in the bathroom. Tate had been lambasting Julian on his show ever since news of the trial broke so he was the last person Julian wanted to see. Tate was a closet homosexual and an alcoholic who had once been involved in the overdose of a 16 year old boy in a hotel room whose parents were both Hollywood legends. Tate was pretty sure that Julian was unaware and he was right. Regardless, he was very friendly and hand washingly apologetic about his self-confessed hatchet job.
“You must understand that I’m just doing my job. I actually agree with what you did. But you know I’d be screwed if I said that.”
“It’s really Ok”
“You know you’re a hero in this town now.”
Where was all this hero talk coming from? Julian thought. It struck him as the latest buzz word.   
Julian was buzzing, but as more and more people came up to him, heaping more and more praise on him, slowly unlocking the cage holding in the beast that was his ego, he had to ask himself, where will this end? 



She had thought it may not have been a wise move. She had thought better of it but now she decided it was to be the best thing she could do. She was going to meet with Taylor Sweetland. Michelle was pacing up and down on her terrace smoking a cigarette and listening to jazz when she decided how she the next act would be played. This ante upping would be the most significant yet.
She dressed casual. She meant business but a cool and casual type of business. Taylor would know that. He was no fool. He would know what she was doing here. This would be no social call. It was on.
 The girl at the front desk was only ever going to be a girl at the front desk. She was attractive and plain in equal measure and her blandness shone through and kept whatever personality she might have hidden under a veil of mediocre politeness. She told Michelle to wait while she buzzed Mr. Sweetland and then smiled a toothy grin and told her to wait and she would let her know when Mr. Sweetland was ready. She instantly answered the phone and did the same to a person on the other end of the line. Clearly a busy man was Mr. Sweetland. Michelle was all about making him that little bit busier.
Only a few minutes passed before Michelle was summoned to an audience with Mr. Sweetland. She was directed up a brightly sunlit stairway and down a brightly sunlight hallway and into his outer office where an older assistant looking woman ushered her through another set of doors. It felt like a tracking shot from Wall Street. Inside, the man behind the curtain was on the phone and barking instructions in a demanding yet seductive way. He was getting his message across, laughing and joking all his way through the conversation. The smiling assassin at work.
“Michelle, Taylor Sweetland. How do you do? I’m very pleased to meet you. It’s an honor. I’m a big fan of your books.”
Shameless salesmanship. Once a hack. Always a hack. Michelle took a note that she was becoming more and more jaded with life by the day. She took an instant and jolting dislike to this man. She had expected the reference to her books, but ‘It’s an honor’ please!
“Why thank you, I guess”
“Now what is it that we can do for you?”
“As you may or may not know I have a relationship with Julian Jones and I was hoping that you could convince me more than he has that you are working in his best interests.”
There was an expected silence in the room. She had made her point and wanted the room to take it in and reiterate it to Taylor. He sat there and his mind was visibly ticking over. He had clearly not expected to be so briskly accosted in his own office.
It was quite an opening to this particular chess game and both players would have had great difficulty reading the other. Taylor was used to being in this situation so one might expect him to be slightly more adept at this type of thing. The spin was gathering in his head.
“Jones’ best interests are my best interests, Michelle. I thought you would have known that. If he goes down, I go down. It’s as simple as that. Of course I’m working in his best interests.”
The reiteration was a classic tell. He did not need to say it twice. Liars always say things twice when they are heard the first time. He was insecure about something. He knew that Taylor would make off like a bandit no matter what happened to Julian. He would make out and then move on.
“I disagree” she planted
“Well, I’m here to tell you that I’m doing all I can to get him off.”
“Well that’s not really up to you is it?” Keep planting
“He is innocent.” Taylor came across with an idealistic naiveté.
“How can you be so sure?”
“I believe him”
“Do you think you should?”
“Don’t you think you should?”
“It’s not my problem.”
“How so?”
“I’m not pulling the strings.”
“I’m not either Michelle.”
“Oh Come on!”
“Look I’m just doing my job. I’m a professional opportunist and I would never jeopardize a client for the sake of getting a better story out of it.”
“I don’t believe you.”
“Fine. Don’t believe me then.”
“Look, what’s your problem.”
There it was. The number one defense whenever a man is challenged by a woman who he thinks is smarter than him.
“I have no problem other than I know what you know and I think that you’re going to give Julian up.” 
“What do you know that I know that you know I know?”
“I know that you know that Julian made the Bard up and you are going to turn this thing into a media circus.”
Taylor sat there and tried to not look shocked at what was going on right in front of him.
“It’s the tip of what I know and it doesn’t look good for you if any of this gets out. You’re going to be the big loser. You see, I know how you and your inner circle operate. I know how everyone in this town operates when something like this gets out there. It’s survival of the fittest and you are fixing this thing so that you are the fittest. I know who you are.”
Michelle had to take breath. She had an exhilaration she had never felt before. She was riding on pure adrenalin. She had stitched the stitcher. His silence was all she needed to know. His silence and his face and his demeanor had given him up. The bluff was a great call. Game on.
“Look. I don’t know what you’re talking. It sounds like the plot from one of your novels and not a very good one at that.”
“There’s no need to try and deflect. You couldn’t tell me more if you confessed right here. I know how to read people.”
Taylor knew the corner he was in and he suddenly took a liking to it. He immediately thought of Mandy Tick and how she would get burned if this came out. He liked the sound of that.
“Ok. What do you want?”
“I’ve told you. I want you to act in his best interests.”
“And I’ve told you. I am.”
“Then if I can be convinced to believe you then you have nothing to worry about.”
 “And if you don’t”
“We’ll print the whole story. It will come out. I can assure you it will and you and your little production you’ve got going here will come crashing down around you.”
Michelle was almost amused at her movie villain style as she was laying down the law to Sweetland. The look on his face told her that she had a deal. Fuck it she decided. She now had a villain for her book; Taylor Sweetland.



A phone call Taylor made to Julian an hour or two later went a little something like this:
“Julian, its Taylor.”
“What goes on?”
“It’s Michelle. She knows everything.”
“Fuck. Everything?”
“Everything.”
“Fuuuck. Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.”
“How?”
“She’s a smart gir..”
“Fuck that shit. How the fuck. Fuck. Fuck.”
“She’s going to spill the beans. You better talk her out of it.”
“Fuck. Fuck. Fuck.”
Julian hung up and felt a lot of things. His first reaction was anger and then fear at what would happen. Did this mean all bets were off? Would Taylor go down as well? What did that mean for him? His heart finally sank when he thought of Michelle and what she had done. What she had done to him. He wasn’t angry or scared about that. More tellingly, he wasn’t all that surprised.



The time was right for Mandy Tick. This was the story she had been waiting for her whole life and the timing was perfect. Jones was in court and things were going his way. Taylor had played it to perfection so far and things were just heating up. Nale was in the wings and Dalton Reed was playing his part superbly. Mackenzie and Goldberg were being themselves which also worked beautifully and the press was giving it just the right angle. It was time for Mandy Tick to enter stage right. Taylor had called her and arranged to meet at his apartment so he could see a draft of her story that would run in the Sun the following day. He had hoped she would be in awe of his opulent lifestyle and chic apartment. She couldn’t resist. Her star struck demeanor would be his greatest weapon. 
She arrived right on the tick of eight o’clock. He caught a glimpse of her on the monitor as she waited in the lobby. He buzzed her up and then went out into the hall by the elevator so he would be right there as she got out of the lift. This would take her by surprise and give her no extra time to prepare herself putting her on the back foot and him on the front right away.
The lift doors opened and she was expecting him. She was charming and accommodating. Taylor couldn’t help thinking that maybe she wanted to sleep with him. Nothing could have been further from the truth. They went inside and she resisted all of Taylor’s offers for drinks and other transparent displays of hospitality. She wanted him to read her piece and then leave. She was clearly anxious and was pacing the room like a man waiting for his date to get ready. Taylor sat back and poured himself a drink. He looked Mandy up and down and noticed that she really wasn’t that unattractive. He started to wonder what she would say if she knew what he was thinking.
“Bob shouldn’t be much longer” he said
“Bob?”
“Yes. Bob is coming here. He wants to see the story as well. I wanted you to be comfortable and confident all of this was above board.”
“He’s already given me his word that he’ll run the story”
“I wanted to reinforce it for you. And by the way. When he leaves tonight, after giving the story the green light, then I’ll take the tape you have of our little conversation. That is, after all, the only reason you are here.”
“I know what the deal is Mr. Sweetland. After all. I did make it.”
“Very good.”
Bob Newman arrived shortly after and took a seat right away. He was in a tuxedo and overcoat as he was on his way to the opera. He was irritable.
“Let’s make this quick. My wife’s in the car and we’re a little pushed for time. Where is it?”
Mandy handed him the piece of paper from her satchel and he read it quickly.
“That’s good. Run it unchanged”
With that he got up and left. No pleasantries. No ‘well done Mandy. He was out of there.
“That was easy” Said Taylor as soon as he was out the door. Mandy stood there unmoved. Still staring at the spot where Bob had been standing less than a minute before. She stared at it like he was still there. Taylor broke the silence. “Now do you have a present for me?”
Mandy reached into her pocket and threw him the tape in the one motion.
“Nigel Maher will be in touch” he said as she marched out the door. I am woman hear me roar. 

Several hours later, Taylor was leaning against a window in his apartment taking in his seven figure view when the phone call he had waiting for arrived.
 “How was the opera?” Asked Taylor
“Just great.”  Bob Newman responded. His sarcasm was deafening “Now are you sure you know what you’re doing”
“Bob, I get asked that question a hundred times a day and every time the answer is yes and I never lie. Trust me Bobby. This is what I do for a living.”
“And this is what I do and I happened to like it. I’d like to do it for many more years. If this gets out I sure as hell won’t.”
“This won’t get out.”
“Oh that’s right. You’re Mr. Media. I’ve only worked in newspapers all my...”
“Get a good night’s sleep, Bob. Tomorrow’s going to be a busy day.”



BARD A FAKE
By Mandy Tick
The name that has been holding New York City in a grip of terror in recent weeks is a fraud perpetrated by Julian Jones in conjunction with a former New York Police officer. These startling revelations come right in the middle of the trial of Julian Jones for reckless endangerment and inciting violence.
Rumors have persisted in recent weeks regarding the validity of Jones claims he was fed bad information by Cox who was murdered just days after a story by Jones about his shady past was printed. It can now be revealed that it as Jones, not Cox who made the story up. It was also revealed that Jones was blackmailing Cox into continuing the charade.
Jack Sinter of the New York Player, Jones’ former employer is said to be furious over the allegations and says a full investigation will be undertaken.
Police have no comment at this stage but it is understood they will also be launching a thorough investigation.



Michelle knew that she would be the true twist in this tale. She was the one nobody expected. Nobody would see her coming. She was happy about this. She would say her piece, make her contribution and then that would be it. She would be off into the sunset. She now realized how much she loathed Julian. She loathed what he did and what he had done. This will teach him. This will make him look at the consequences of what he had done. He was toast. He was a dead man. He will never eat lunch in this town again. It was beautiful. As for Taylor Sweetland, that was the real bonus. There was no place for him and others like him in this city. She knew that she was on to something big. She had hit the jackpot. She was the noble one. The one with integrity. This whole thing stank all the way to the top. She was the big winner here. Surrounded by losers. Losers to their own ambition and narrow minded arrogance. People who over-estimated the gullibility of the people.
She knew that Gretel would barely be able to contain herself over this one. She was the one who knew the inner workings of Julian Jones. The inner despicable, disgusting workings. The manipulation the public were fed and ate like fast food. Michelle saw the irony but knew she would attract a crowd in her stand. She knew they would be bitter about being misled so easily. She was bitter that they were bitter. This was a game of chicken in which both players refused to veer off their line. There would be a hell of a scene at the end of this one. A crash site that nobody could ignore.
Michelle sat, casually dressed and quietly satisfied in Gretel’s office and knew from the look on her face that she thought the book was a hit. She had also sent a copy of Another New York Murder as it was now called to Taylor Sweetland and had a pretty good idea of what he would think of it.
Gretel was gushing as she sat in her commandeering chair clutching the manuscript like a baby. She caressed it and stroked it as if gaining sensual and sexual sensation from it.
“Michelle, darling. I now know why I regard you as my best client. This is the best thing you have ever written.”
“I thought you’d like it.”
“Like it! This is incredible. I’d love Sweetland to get a look at this. This is going to blow that Jones book out of the water. Make it look like the Hitler diaries.”
“I’ve got another idea about the release” Michelle was being as cool as she should knowing this would just make Gretel more and more aroused.
“What is it? What is it?” asked Gretel bursting out of her skin.
“I want the book advertised as a novel but I want it released anonymously without a disclaimer. Just name changes.”
There was a pause in the room as Gretel did the sums in her head.
“I don’t follow. Why?”
“Really Gretel. Why do I pay you?” Gretel covered her face in a confused look. Michelle went on. The first class operator was coming out of her now. “Because we get more publicity this way. If this book comes out with Anonymous written in big letters under the title then people are automatically going to think it’s real. We do nothing to discourage this and we have a hit on our hands. We have a media storm because what’s in here is pretty fiery you have to admit.”
“I do”
“Well, I can tell you right now, just between the two of us, that every word of it is true. I can prove it if you want so we have nothing to worry about even if my name was on it. Put the anonymous byline on it and it takes the form of an insider who doesn’t want to be named because what’s written will cost him/her their job.”
“You make Taylor Sweetland look small time. You really do.”
“Ms. Anonymous is going to sell a million more copies than I ever could, plus she’s going to help people join the dots.”
“I can’t believe you’ve out Sweetlanded Sweetland”
“He should have known better. This is a big city.”



Boris Tucker was sitting at home and still hadn’t recovered from what had been happening to him in recent months. He was off the joints and slightly off the drink as well. He was slowly getting back into the spirit of work but at the end of the day he had failed at his attempt at a lifestyle change. He had been forced back to clear his name and now he was loathe to leave again. He really was happier here. He knew he would grow tired of it after a while but he knew that while he was here he would want to be anywhere but and when he was anywhere but he would want to be back here. The New York Times was his home whether he liked it or not. This was his state of mind when the phone rang.
“Hello is that Boris Tucker of the New York Times?”
Boris was lamenting another hack reporter wanting to know his story. He made his impatience and irritability well known in his reply.
“Yes. Who is this?”
“This is Michelle Carter and firstly I want to say that I’m not a reporter and I’m not interested in your story. Secondly I want to say that I’m a big fan of yours and always have been.”
“Are you Michelle Carter the Novelist?”
“You’ve heard of me?” Michelle regretted the false modesty immediately. She countered with a quiet yet audible chuckle to break the ice.
“I have heard of you, yes” It worked “What can I do for you?”
“I have an interest in events regarding Julian Jones and Taylor Sweetland.”
“Go on.” Boris became skeptical again and wasn’t happy with the direction she was now taking.
“I have a great deal of information regarding what has been going on and I would like to give it to you. I think you’d be interested and I think you can see that it gets a run. You’ll probably have to go to GQ or Vanity Fair, Maybe even Rolling Stone, because the New York papers are in Taylor Sweetland’s pocket”
“What’s it in relation to?”
“Jones, Sweetland and the fix that’s been in on this whole thing from the start including your involvement and implication.”
“Tell me more.”
“The whole thing is a fix.” She composed herself. “As you know, Jones made up the Bard. Sweetland came on board when Jane Donnelly was killed. I’m not even sure if Taylor Sweetland knows the whole story. This is all I’m going to give you. You’re just going to give them a taste. I’ll fill in the rest.” 
“What’s in it for you?”
“Let’s just say that I’m interested in how this plays to the electorate.” 



Best Selling Novel Triggers Investigation
By Boris Tucker
The anonymously written novel Another New York Murder, which has sat at number one on the New York Times best seller list since its release seven weeks ago has sparked a full scale police investigation due to its controversial content. The events of the novel closely mirror the events of the Julian Jones trial and the main characters all have great similarities to real life players in the saga which is unfolding as we speak.

Justice a Thing of The Past
By Boris Tucker
In a time when we thought we could once again have faith in the higher institutions of the land we are shocked to hear that in New York at the moment we have a situation where the public are being played like fools on a grand scale and the machinery of justice and government are shown to be corrupt and fixed.
It has been revealed by reliable sources that the trial of Julian Jones has been doctored as a media event since day one. Well known publicist and agent Taylor Sweetland is known to have been spearheading a coup-de-tait against Jones and is known to have ‘arrangements’ with Jones’ lawyer Dalton Reed, New York City District Attorney Sheldon Mackenzie, The Mayor Of New York City Wilson Goldberg as well as several high ranking members of the police force.  


Arrest for Man Who Pulled the Strings
By Boris Tucker
Renowned publicist and talent agent Taylor J. Sweetland was arrested today for perverting the course of justice and contempt of court after more allegations came to light about the trial of Julian Jones. It is also understood that Jones is testifying against Sweetland in exchange for immunity. The office of the District Attorney issued a statement today saying it will bring no new charges against Jones and he will not face a retrial. 


Mayor and DA Forced to Resign
By Boris Tucker
In continuing fallout from the scandalous revelations surrounding the trial of Julian Jones, New York City Mayor, Wilson Goldberg and District Attorney Sherman Mackenzie have both resigned and may face corruption charges. Goldberg, 47 and Mackenzie 58 may join Taylor Sweetland who is being held in county lock up without bail. Reports yesterday that he attempted suicide in his cell were discovered to be untrue.


Reporter Withheld Story for Maximum Effect
By Boris Tucker
In a further slur to the reputation of journalists for New York City’s major newspapers, it was revealed to day that Mandy Tick, a reporter for The New York Sun, knew the truth about The Bard several weeks before she actually broke the story. It is claimed that Tick, 29, held the story back so as to make the greatest impact. The revelations came from members of Taylor Sweetland’s staff who were called in to testify against him in court. It was also revealed that Tick had a long history of animosity against Jones and that they were formerly lovers before he broke it off.



The place was an absolute dive. It was the sort of place where anti-heroes in b-movies drank. It was dark and narrow and Julian sat near the back. There was some atrocious country music playing and a fly buzzing around. Julian took a swipe at it but it lived to annoy him some more. As Julian sat there the world seemed to slow down around him. He was happy with the money he was earning out here as it was enough to pay his rent and his bar tab and that was all he needed. Today was the same as every other Saturday since he had moved to LA. He got up around eleven. Smoked a couple of cigarettes over breakfast, typed a few pages of his book. (He had finally decided to write one) and then came here. The place didn’t even have a name and it scarcely needed one. Julian came in here today as he needed to use the bathroom and it looked like the kind of squalor where he could rot away in peace. He usually arrived at about one in the afternoon and left at closing time. During the course of the day he would drink the place out of Jack Daniels and Wild Turkey and smoke a couple of packs of Marlboros. He walked home legless and then slept until mid afternoon. He would then get up, smoke another pack of cigarettes while drinking can after can of Budweiser and watching ESPN.

During the week he stayed at the shitty little offices of the Los Angeles Phantom where he was currently employed. It had to be the trashiest little rag in town. He went to the west coast to get a job at the California Eye but was sacked when he continually refused to turn up for work and proved impossible to work with while being permanently under the influence. He then spent two months in rehab and finally got off the drugs completely but compensated for that but drinking more whiskey than the West Coast could provide. He was now grossly overweight and permanently sweating. A heart attack waiting to happen. His red face made him look years older than he was and he hadn’t had a friendly conversation with anybody in nearly a year.
As seems to happen, everyone in his life seemed to all die at once: Jack, one of his sisters, his father and his mother. He hadn’t been to any of the funerals and only found out through formal correspondence.
Michelle was still as successful as ever with a Pulitzer Prize under her belt and a new career as a Hollywood script doctor. She was married to an A-list director.

The only thing that Julian had to keep him company was the guilt. He was directly responsible for the deaths of two people. Only now did he feel the guilt, probably because he had nothing and nobody else. He was now determined to be responsible for his own death. He drank and drank and drank, determined to commit alcoholic suicide. He was still determined to enhance his legend. The legend of the spectacular fall from grace and then the tragic death in squalor and self-pity. The only thing was, he thought, nobody cared about him anymore. His real death came a year ago at the hands of the powers that be in New York. That was when he disappeared off the radar and he was not to return. Nobody knew him on the coast and nobody ever would. The only people he was a legend to now were the few bums he now shared the bar with who he couldn’t stand the sight smell and thought of being associated with.

He took another swig from his glass and emptied it. He ordered another and the room began to swing.
