The Dog Who Ate The Airplane
An Adam And Bagel Mystery: Book 1

By
Edward J. Coburn

Smashwords Edition

Ed’s Website: EdwardJCoburn.com


Copyright 2012 by Edward J. Coburn. All rights reserved.



No part of this book may be reproduced, stored in a retrieval system, or transmitted by any means, electronic, mechanical, photocopying, recording, or otherwise, without written permission from the author.


TABLE OF CONTENTS
Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
About the Author
Connect with Ed

Chapter 1
Wave after wave of darkly emotional turmoil crashed in on the psyche of the man, flooding his soul to the brink of its capacity. With a grueling effort learned through years of practiced control, he restrained himself until the very moment it threatened to overwhelm him. Without warning, he sprang forward in his seat, almost shouting, “Stop.”
“You got something?” the driver said, slowing the car to a crawl.
“I absolutely do. I feel fear, loneliness, and an acute longing to go home. I’m not sure where it’s coming from, but it’s intense, so stop.” Adam Martin Swope had to scratch the tip of his nose because it itched, for just a second, in a way he’d learned meant something could be amiss somewhere beyond his vision or time frame.
“Yes, sir.”
After the car stopped, Adam immediately got out. Stretching to his full six foot two inch height, he scratched his head through his dark, thick hair. He maintained a healthy weight at thirty-eight thanks to genetics, rather than any effort on his part, and the many women he’d taken out over the years considered him handsome. He looked around at the shoulder-high growth of corn on one side of the road, and the field of waist-high weeds on the other. He turned his attention back to the nondescript car containing two plainclothes detectives as well as the uniformed driver.
The detectives sitting in the backseat also got out to stretch. Glancing around and seeing nothing but corn and weeds, Detective Sam Waters said, “This is the fifth time we’ve stopped and the third time on this particular road, Adam. There’s nothing here.”
“Nothing you can see, but I know something’s here because I can feel it. It was more intense before we stopped, but it’s still there. It’s almost as if someone was under duress and now they’re not, but they’re still afraid. I think it’s coming from somewhere in roughly that direction.” Adam pointed off to the right, where a small stand of trees could be seen above the top of the weeds. “You know as well as I do that what I do is an inexact science—not that it’s even a science—and I don’t always know how to interpret what I see or feel. My vision wasn’t all that clear but the feeling was extremely strong and—wait…” He interrupted himself. He closed his eyes for what was little more than an exaggerated wink. His shoulders twitched and his cheeks reddened. “This is it.” He opened the car door.
Sam pivoted his head to the left and right again. “Are you sure? I still don’t see anything.”
Adam nodded. “But I did. I saw a road, just ahead. Somewhere down that road…” He shook his head.
“Then let’s get this over with.” Detective Harriet Masters, known as Harry, opened her door. She had a smooth, flawless, chocolate-brown complexion with an easy smile, which belied her caustic wit. Though considered pretty by everyone, virtually everyone at the precinct had seen her stare wither the hardest criminal.
As she slid into the car, Sam opened his door. “How far?”
“As I said, it’s just ahead.” Adam climbed in and turned to the driver. “Let’s go.”
“Yes, sir.” Tom Givers started the car again. Before driving away, he turned to the backseat. “Should we call for backup?” They were in a rural area southwest of Chicago and their backups waited on the main highway in case they were needed.
Though Sam had only worked with Adam a few times, he’d known him ever since Adam had first slogged through the human scum invariably found on the homicide beat for the Chicago Sun-Times. They’d been fast friends all that time. They occasionally grabbed a quick one at one of the local cop hangouts or the press club, though Adam never drank anything stronger than club soda. Sam had come to trust Adam’s abilities over time. They’d never proved to be completely inaccurate and most of the time they’d led directly to the criminal or his playground. Even knowing this, Sam still felt reluctant to commit all his resources quite yet. “We’ll hold off until we see what’s down this road.” He had a big, husky, powerful six-foot-four frame, with a ruddy complexion, a quick smile and quick wit to match.
“Okay.” Tom put the car in gear and drove slowly forward, looking for the turn he didn’t yet see.
“There’s the road.” Adam pointed at an opening almost completely hidden by tall field grass.
“Right or left?” Tom said.
“Right. Drive slowly. There should be a house just ahead.”
They all stared down the road after Tom turned, straining to see what each fervently hoped they might find.
“I don’t see…” Tom started, but finished with, “Oh, there’s the house, almost hidden in those trees.” Stopping the car, he turned to the backseat again. “Shall I call them now?” He put a bit more sarcasm in the word “now” than might be prudent, considering the promotion board would meet soon, with Sam as his supervising sergeant.
“Maybe.” Sam ignored Tom’s delivery. “They wouldn’t want to miss out on this bust. What you got, Adam? Anything?”
“I’m not sure. I’m getting mixed signals. One moment I feel fear, then nothing, then darkness, and then loneliness. I’m pretty sure the girl’s ahead of us, but I can’t tell if she’s in danger. There seems to be an odd mix of…Just a…”
Sam again saw the telltale signs his friend saw something not necessarily in the present. He’d learned that when Adam’s shoulders twitched, he hung his head, and his cheeks reddened, his mind expanded beyond anyone’s normal vision. “I’ve received a flash of a little girl being carried into a house.” Adam pointed. “That house.”
“Was she struggling? Who was it? Do you think we can afford to wait for backup?” Sam asked rapidly without waiting for answers.
“I can’t really say for sure. I don’t know who I saw, but she wasn’t struggling. I got the sense of a resigned reluctance and an overwhelming wish to be somewhere else. As I said, I feel fear, and then…” Adam hung his head again for a few seconds but then shrugged, only once, as any normal person would do. “I’m not getting anything else. Perhaps you’d better call them, but we’d better not wait. It’ll probably take them several minutes to get here and considering I’m really not sure what to make of what I’m getting and not getting…”
“All right—call them, Tom.”
Tom picked up the mike and told the backups to move. He gave them directions as precise as he could.
“Now, go, Tom, but slowly—no lights or siren. We don’t want to give whoever’s in there advance notice.”
“Right.” Tom let the car drift slowly forward, stopping directly in front of the small house. A minivan had been parked on the left side of the house, hidden between two rows of bushes.
They all immediately piled out of the car and walked up to the front door. “Tom, you go around back.” Sam allowed a few seconds for him to get there. He pulled his weapon, beating on the door with it. “Chicago PD,” he shouted.
Adam jumped as if startled. “What?” Sam said.
“When you hit the door, it startled whoever’s inside and I felt it.”
“Amy?”
“I couldn’t tell. Someone’s in there, however.”
Tom came back. “There’s no way out the back. There’s a window, but it’s covered with bars.”
After a few moments, a tall, thin man, with a long, narrow face, came to the door. “What’s this all about?” He opened the door wide but raised his hands in a defensive posture when he saw the gun. He took a few steps back.
The man obviously liked strong aftershave. Sam knew he’d smelled it before. As he didn’t wear aftershave, he didn’t think much of the scent. “I know you.” Sam recognized him and the aftershave left no doubt. “Aren’t you a teacher at Amy’s school?”
The tall man didn’t even pretend he didn’t know what they were talking about. “I am. My name is Harold Minden and you’ve already talked to me. Is there something else I can do for you and can you please put the gun away? It makes me nervous.”
“No, I won’t put the gun away because we have reason to believe she’s here.”
“What could possibly make you think that?” He raised his eyebrows as if confused.
“It doesn’t matter. Just get out of the way,” Harry said as she shoved past Minden.
“Now just a minute. Don’t you need a search warrant?”
“Not if there are exigent circumstances,” Sam said.
“What the heck does that mean?”
“Never mind. You just stay here with this officer while we look around.”
Tom grabbed Minden’s arm, pulling him roughly aside.
“Ow.” He looked at Tom with venom in his eyes. “Go right ahead. You won’t find anything. I had nothing to do with Amy’s disappearance.”
Sam glanced at Adam, who felt the slight tickle on the back of his neck that told him Minden was lying. Adam looked at Minden and then back at Sam. “He’s lying. He knows something. And there’s somebody else here. Where, I don’t know, but someone else is here.”
“Is it Amy?” Harry looked hopeful.
“I can’t tell. But I sense somebody.”
“How dare you say I’m lying!” A look equal parts of shock, fear, and defiance settled on Minden’s face. “You don’t know me and I don’t know you.”
“But I know him,” Sam said, pointing at Adam. “And I’d believe him long before I’d ever accept your word.” He turned to Tom and said, “You hang back with him while we look around.”
Tom’s grip tightened on Minden’s arm. He tried to shrug off Tom’s hold, which only prompted Tom to move behind him and grab his other arm.
Sam looked at Harry and pointed off to the right with his weapon. Harry drew her gun and went into the kitchen. She held the gun in front of her with both hands and slightly bent elbows, to absorb the recoil if she had occasion to shoot. Like most police officers, she hoped that wouldn’t be necessary.
Adam followed Sam down a short hallway into a small bedroom on the right. The room held a single bed, with undisturbed covers, a small dresser with a mirror above it, and a small closet. Sam ran a finger across the top of the dresser, leaving a trail in the thin layer of dust. He pulled out each drawer, but they were all empty except the very bottom one. He picked up a children’s clothing catalog from a store he’d never heard of. He flipped through the many pages of young girls and boys. He could only shake his head at the multitude of salacious thoughts he knew must have run through Minden’s mind when he scanned the catalog. Meanwhile, Adam opened the completely empty closet.
Sam waved his gun, ushering Adam into the bedroom across the hall. This bedroom, a bit larger, had a full-sized bed rumpled on one side, a fairly large dresser with an attached mirror, and a double closet full of casual clothes. The wall of the room also housed the window Tom had seen at the back of the house, the one with bars on it. As he walked by the closet, Sam again caught that horrific odor of aftershave lotion. He almost felt like holding his nose. He looked through the drawers but he found nothing but adult, male clothing.
“Nothing,” Sam said.
“Nothing obvious, at least.” Adam finished leafing through the closet by waving his hand in front of his nose. “That guy must really like aftershave lotion.”
“Don’t I know it. He must bathe in the stuff. The least he could do is pick one with a decent scent. Let’s go.”
They walked out into the hall and met Harry. “Anything?” Sam said.
Harry shook her head.
They both looked expectantly at Adam. “I still sense something that’s just not right here.” He again felt the telltale tingle on the tip of his nose. “I sense darkness.”
Sam shuddered a bit. He knew that generally when Adam sensed darkness, it meant they were about to discover the worst. “You don’t mean…”
“No. Not that kind of darkness and I don’t feel cold. I think whoever I’m sensing is alive. But she seems to be in a dark place and she’s scared. Where, I’m not sure, but I’m pretty sure she’s alive.”
“What now?” Harry asked.
“I’m just not sure.” Adam wandered back down the hallway and into the living room, followed by Harry and Sam. He stopped, held out his right hand, palm downward, closed his eyes, and hung his head. The living room had wood floors, a large couch with a throw rug in front, and a coffee table resting on the throw rug. That indicative shoulder wiggle appeared again and his cheeks reddened. “I still can’t see anything but darkness. There’s no pain or any other feelings except fear.” Suddenly, Adam knew what needed to be done. He looked at Harry. “Help me move this.” He grabbed one end of the coffee table.
Sam glanced at Minden, who suddenly looked stricken. “Anything the matter?”
Minden cleared his throat, but just shook his head.
Harry grabbed the other end of the table and they moved it off the rug. Adam tossed the rug aside, revealing a trap door hidden beneath the rug. Harry pulled on the ring of the trap door but it wouldn’t budge. The door had a keyhole. “Give me the key,” she demanded, looking directly at Minden.
“Isn’t one. I’ve never had a key. I don’t even know what’s down there.”
“Of course you don’t,” Harry said. She didn’t need Adam’s help to detect that lie. “Empty your pockets on the table.”
Minden’s mouth had a defiant smirk, but his eyes betrayed the fear overcoming him. After he’d emptied his pockets, Harry saw a set of keys on the table but knew none of them was the right size to fit the lock on the trap door. “Search him,” she said to Tom.
As Tom patted him down, he stopped at Minden’s front pocket. “Give me what’s in that pocket.”
“There’s nothing in my pocket.”
“Cut the crap.” Tom spun him around until they were face-to-face, keeping a tight grip on his left arm but releasing his right so Minden could do as directed. “Empty that pocket on the table.”
Suddenly, Minden tried to break free, but Tom had too good a grip. Tom reached into Minden’s pocket to extract the key he’d felt as Minden struggled to keep him from it.
“That looks like the key for the trap door,” Harry said as Tom handed her the key. It easily fit into the lock. She turned it, pulling the door open. The odor of Minden’s aftershave rose from the depths, along with a weak whimper.
“Amy,” Harry called in the gentle, singsong tone that generally calmed her children.
“Yes,” came the tremulous reply.
Harry looked at Adam and smiled grimly. Sam let out the breath he didn’t realize he’d been holding. Adam felt a great sense of relief wash over him. “Thank God I’m right and she’s alive,” he said.
Ladder rungs led down to some type of basement. No light shone from the pit of blackness. Harry pulled her flashlight from her duty belt and flashed it into the darkness. As expected, a little girl’s eyes sparkled in the light. She put one hand over her eyes and pulled up a dirty sheet to cover her face. Harry couldn’t tell whether she was Amy, but Harry assumed she was. “She’s down there all right.”
Tom pulled his cuffs from his belt with one hand while keeping a firm grip with the other. He swung Minden around and roughly slapped the cuffs around both wrists behind his back, making sure they were tighter than they had to be. He turned Minden face forward, keeping a firm grip on the cuffs. He leaned over and recited his Miranda rights to him, even though he didn’t think people like Minden should have any rights. He felt they should all be immediately put to death to save the children of the world from the trauma such perverts inflicted and the courts the time and effort to give those guilty the slap on the wrist that, unfortunately, so often happened.
Sam and Adam joined Harry at the opening. Harry kept her light on the little girl. She didn’t move now as she cowered against the wall on the mattress and under the flimsy cover. Sam turned to Minden. “She’d better not be hurt, you scumbag.”
“I haven’t hurt her,” Minden said. “I love her.”
“Right.” Sam started down the ladder. “Keep your light on her, Harry.”
When he reached the bottom, Sam took the few steps to where Amy lay on the dirty and soiled mattress. He gently touched her exposed arm.
“I wet my pants,” she whispered shakily and pulled her knees into her chest.
Sam smelled it and thought even urine smelled better than Minden’s aftershave. “That’s all right, sweetheart. We’re here now.”
“Can I go home now?”
“Yes. You can definitely go home now. You’re okay, Amy. I’m a policeman.”
She started to pull the sheet down, but covered her eyes and raised it anew.
“Harry, get the light out of her face.”
“Sorry.” Harry aimed the light against the far wall.
Sam gently tugged on the sheet and she let it be lowered to just below her eyes.
“You don’t look like a policeman,” her voice quavered. She sniffed and wiped her nose on the sheet.
“Not all policeman wear uniforms, but I am a policeman. Would you like to get out of this basement?”
“Yes, please.” She unclasped her legs and shakily stood, bracing herself with her small hand on the wall.
“Do you think you can climb the ladder?”
She nodded and sniffed again. “I can try.” She moved to the ladder, keeping her hand on the wall for support. At the ladder, she grasped the highest rung she could reach. Slowly and carefully, she climbed to the top. She stopped when she saw Harry and Adam by the opening.
“It’s all right, sweetheart. I’m a police officer and this nice man helped us find you.” Reaching down, Harry gently grabbed her wrist and added, “Let me help you out.”
“Okay.” She didn’t resist as Harry helped her the rest of the way. Freed from her prison, she fell into Harry’s waiting embrace.
“You’re safe now, Amy. We won’t let the bad man hurt you.”
Just then, Harry heard something outside. Looking out the window, she saw three police cars driving up. “I think there’s someone outside eager to see you. Shall we go outside?”
“I guess.”
Tom pulled on the cuffs to get Minden as far from the door as possible, to give Harry and Amy an unobstructed lane. As Amy walked by, Minden leaned forward and said, “Amy, please.”
She turned to him with a hateful look worthy of an adult and it saddened Tom to see a girl of eight with such a malevolent visage.
Tom grabbed Minden’s thumbs and bent them until they were ready to snap. Minden groaned, but Tom didn’t ease his hold. Instead, he jerked Minden back. Putting his mouth right next to Minden’s ear, he whispered, “Another word out of you and I’ll break your thumbs.”
As Amy walked through the doorway, she caught sight of her mother running toward her. She shook free of Harry’s light grip and walked down the two stairs with tiny, careful steps. She ran unsteadily into her mother’s arms.
Tom shoved Minden through the door and waved at two uniformed officers to come take him. Tom twisted one of Minden’s thumbs and Minden screamed and swore. The two uniforms each grabbed an arm and jerked him down the two stairs, none too gently. Tom accompanied them to the patrol car, where one of the back doors stood open. Minden started to lean down, to get in the backseat, and Tom reached over and shoved his head so it crunched against the door frame. “Sorry,” Tom said. “But you should watch your head when getting in the car.”
Minden glared at Tom, but didn’t say anything.
Back inside the house, Adam said, “We’re not done here.”
“Of course not. We have a lot of evidence to gather.” Sam knew there had to be more to it than that.
“That’s not it. I’m still sensing darkness.” Adam scratched his itching nose as he looked toward the back of the house. “We need to go outside, in back of the house.”
“What’s there?”
“I don’t know yet. I just know something’s not right.” Adam closed his eyes briefly. “I see…just darkness…nothing else.”
“I hope you’re not saying what I think you are…”
Adam nodded grimly. “I’m afraid I am. I’m not sure I really want to go back there.”
“You don’t have to. Harry and I can check it out if you want to wait here.”
Adam really didn’t want to go in back of the house. He had a strong feeling he knew what they were about to find. “No,” he said with sudden conviction, “let’s finish this. I don’t want to, but I need to see what’s out there.”
“Well, let’s go then.” Sam knew better than to question anything Adam said. He freely admitted he didn’t know how his friend did what he did, but he knew better than to argue. Adam’s feelings and visions invariably led to some type of discovery, often just at the last moment of safety for the victim. Of course, at other times they were hours, days, or even months past any possibility of saving the victim. Sam had a strong feeling of his own that whatever lay behind the house would prove one of those times.
They walked out the front door and Sam waved to Harry to join them as they walked around the side of the house. Adam stopped, closed his eyes for just a second, and again felt the itch. Sam saw Adam’s cheek redden as if he were blushing. He knew it meant Adam was seeing whatever there was to see in his mind’s eye. “I can’t see anything except darkness, but I can sure feel that something’s not right.” Adam shivered and scratched the end of his nose. “Suddenly I’m cold...so cold.”
Sam knew it didn’t bode well when Adam felt as he seemed to at this moment. They didn’t walk far before they found a small mound of dirt. “Oh, God.” Sam looked at Adam. “Is this…”
“I’m afraid so,” Adam said.
“Harry, go back to the car, and get a shovel,” Sam said.
“Yes, sir. I’ll be right back.”
“I presume this is what you were sensing.”
“I guess so. This one almost certainly, but it’s not the only one, I’m afraid.” Adam looked across the expanse of ground at the back of the house but no other signs were obvious.
“There are others?”
Adam nodded. “There are. I don’t know how many, but there are definitely others.” Adam clutched his arms as if he were freezing. Sam could see him shivering and hear the raggedness in his voice.
“While we wait for Harry, can I ask you something?” Sam thought a question might ease the tension in his friend’s realm.
“Sure. What?”
“I’ve seen you put your arm out a couple of times when you’re searching for someone and I always wondered why you do that.”
“It sometimes helps bring my vision into focus a little bit better. It’s almost like my arm’s acting like an antenna. I suppose it’s similar to when we used to put up TV antennas to get better reception from the local stations in the days before cable.”
Sam just shook his head. They were silent for the rest of the time they waited for Harry. When she got back with the shovel, she handed it to Sam and he began digging slowly and carefully. It didn’t take long before he uncovered an arm. It showed few signs of decomposition, so Sam knew it had been buried no more than a few months, if that long. “It’s time to call in the forensic detail.”
Adam opened his eyes as wide as he could and shook his head as if trying to rid himself of an unpleasant image, and that’s precisely what he was doing. “I’ve got to get out of here. This is just too hard.”
“No problem,” Sam said. “You want to ride back with the patrolman when they take Minden in?”
“That would be terrific. I can’t be here anymore. It’s just too….” Adam shivered anew. He had a sudden thought. “I won’t have to ride in the same car as Minden, will I?”
“Of course not. I wouldn’t put you through that. There are three cars, not counting the one we came in. One can take Minden, Amy and her mother can ride in another, and you and Tom can go back in the third.”
Sam had no objection to Adam’s leaving. He’d done what had been asked of him. He’d found Amy and led them to at least one grave. He didn’t need to be there any longer. Sam gently grabbed Adam’s arm, pulling him toward the front of the house. “Let’s go, Adam. You stay here, Harry, but don’t dig anymore. Just wait. We’ll leave the rest to the forensic guys.”
Adam nodded and followed as Sam let go of his arm. When they rounded the corner of the house, Adam bumped into Amy’s mother, Amanda. He suddenly found himself the recipient of an extremely ardent embrace.
“Oh, thank you, thank you, thank you,” she said through her tears. “I’ll never be able to thank you enough.”
“That’s all right.” Adam gently extricated himself. “It’s just what I do. I’m glad it turned out the way it did. Is Amy okay?”
“She’s upset because she wet her pants. Other than that, she’s okay. She’s naturally still upset and keeps saying she wants to go home.”
“That’s okay,” Sam said. “But we may need to talk to her later.”
“Okay, but can you give her a little time?”
“We can, but we’ll want to talk to her while the events are fresh in her mind.”
She nodded and then turned to Adam. “I’m so glad we called you. I don’t even want to think about what might’ve happened.” She wiped a tear from beneath her left eye but missed the one under the right that rolled down her cheek.
Adam nodded. “It’s no use dwelling on what might’ve been now that she’s safe.”
They walked to the cars and Adam turned to Sam as mother and daughter were helped into a car. “Can you give me a call when you’re finished here?”
“Of course, but you know as well as I do this may be, and probably will be, a long process.”
“I know. Just call me before you leave, even if you leave before they’re finished.”
“Will do,” Sam said as he turned to head back to where they found the grave.

Chapter 2
When Adam arrived back in town, he immediately picked up his car at the police station and drove to the Chicago Sun-Times offices. “Hi, Charlie,” Adam said to the security guard, who merely nodded. He walked past the elevators to the stairs, taking them two at a time. He always took the stairs. Sometimes it seemed to be the only exercise he got during the day. Shortly, he found himself on the third floor. “Is he in?” he greeted Shannon Roe, Larry Archibald’s secretary. Larry, who held the title of police beat editor, had known Adam since grade school. They went to journalism school together but then went their separate ways. By a strange twist of fate, Adam now worked part-time for the Chicago Sun-Times offices with his old friend as his editor.
Shannon merely nodded while he marched into Larry’s office. “Hi, Larry. Got any breaking news for the front page?”
Larry pulled his feet off the desk. As he did so, he knocked his coffee cup to the floor. He swore loudly. “It’s a good thing that cup was empty. How many times have I told you to announce yourself some way or other? You’re always doing this to me.” Adam had to admit he got a mildly perverse pleasure in startling his friend.
“If you’d stop sleeping at your desk, you wouldn’t be surprised when I come in.”
“Very funny. What you got? I’m assuming you do have something.”
“Indeed I do. We found Amy Brisbane.” Adam sat in the well-worn chair in front of Larry’s desk. Uncomfortable with its cracked vinyl and stuffing peeking out in several places, it happened to be the only chair in his small office. Adam had often remarked that the chair must be the same one that had been used ever since the paper began.
“I’m sure you mean you found her.” Adam knew his propensity for helping the police to be well-known around the newsroom and especially to his longtime friend.
“Look, do you want the story or not?”
“Of course we do.”
“Then I want to be left out of it.”
“I’ll do what I can, but you know I can’t promise that. I don’t have the last say. Now let’s have it.” Larry reached for a pad of paper and shuffled through the pages, trying to find a blank one to take notes. He finally threw the pad down and retrieved a fresh one from one of his desk drawers.
Adam waited until Larry got poised with his pencil ready. “She had been taken by one of her teachers. A guy named Minden. He had her at his house out in the country, southwest of Chi-Town.”
“I assume Sam was either with you or you were with him, whichever way.”
“He was, and I want him to receive all the credit.”
“As I said…”
Adam interrupted with, “Finding Amy was not the end of the story.”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean we found the graves of more victims.” Although Adam had only seen one grave, he knew, without a doubt, there were additional ones.
“How many more?”
“No idea. I left before the forensic people got there. To get the rest of the story, you’ll have to send someone to interview Sam. I’d do it, but I know the policy is to send a disinterested third-party.” Larry nodded and Adam continued, “I want to tag along anyway. I want to find out how many bodies there were, too.”
“No problem. Let’s see...I think I’ll send Alex.”
“Good. I like Alex. He’s a good reporter.”
“That he is.” Larry leaned over, flipped an intercom switch, saying, “Shannon, send Alex in here.”
It took only a minute before a short, thin, boyish-looking man came into the office. “Got a story for you, Alex,” Larry said.
Alex looked at Adam. “Your case, Adam?” He’d worked with Adam before and knew about his abilities.
“Sort of. We found Amy Brisbane.”
“Oh, good. Is she okay?” Everyone knew Amy had been missing for four days. The story had been front page news and the top story on TV and radio.
Adam nodded. “Unfortunately, there are others who weren’t so lucky.”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean we found graves in the backyard of the house where Amy was held.”
Alex’s eyes drooped and he hung his head, shaking it sadly. “Oh God. How many…?”
“Stop with the twenty questions,” Larry said. “I want you to go to the eleventh District to interview Detective Sam Waters. Adam will go with you.”
“He won’t be there yet.” Adam shook his head. “He’s going to call me when he’s through at the house.”
“Okay.” Larry looked at Alex. “Take Adam to interview room four and get as much of the story as you can. Hopefully, he’ll hear from Sam before long.”
“Right.” Alex led Adam out of the room, down a long hallway, and into an interview room.
“All right,” Alex sat lightly in a chair opposite where Adam stood, “let’s have the story.” He waited with pen poised above his pad of paper.
Adam sat, relating the story. He began with hearing about the abduction on the radio, his phone call from Amanda Brisbane a day later, and his call to Sam, volunteering to help with the search. Then he told Alex how they’d found the house, sensed Amy’s presence there, found her in the cellar, and arrested Minden.
“Okay, I guess that about covers it for now. We’ll have to wait for the detective to call you. While we’re waiting, may I ask some questions not directly related to this case?”
“Of course you may. Let me guess. You want to know my history.”
“Well, I know the story about how you won back-to-back lotteries and are now well off. I know about how people began contacting you to find missing loved ones and how you’ve been willing and able to help. What I’d really like to know is how your abilities came about, if that’s the proper way to say it.”
“You can say it anyway you want. I know what you mean. I don’t mind telling you, if it’ll be just between us. I don’t want to see an unauthorized biography on the bookshelf at my local bookstore.”
Alex set his pen down and pushed it and the pad of paper aside. “No chance of that. I don’t have the patience to write a book. I can barely sit still long enough to put an article together. I’m just curious for my own sake. It may better help me understand what you do and may help me write a better article.”
“Okay then, it’s like this. Many of my family have had some type of what you might call psychic ability as far back as our family history goes. As a matter of fact, I’ve been told that one of my long-ago grandmothers was actually burned as a witch during the Salem witch trials.”
“You’re kidding.”
“No, I’m not. Of course, she wasn’t really a witch in the true sense of the word. A witch presumably has magical powers and there’s no such thing as real magic. She probably just had some small abilities, much like the ones I possess.”
“I know you’re called a finder and I’ve heard you see visions. Can you tell me about the visions? I don’t really understand what they are. Do you see things that are yet to happen? If so, can you cause them to change? Or do you see mainly past events?”
“Yes, I do see visions. It’s almost like a daydream. I go into, I suppose you might call it, a bit of a trance and then, if I close my eyes, I can see things in my mind. I don’t know how else to explain it. And yes, sometimes I see things that haven’t happened yet, while other times I see things that happened in the past. A few times I’ve even witnessed things as they’re happening. To answer your other question, I suppose I can cause a change in something that’s yet to happen. For example, let’s suppose I see a vision where someone’s killed in a car wreck but I persuade that person not to drive and they’re not in the wreck. I’d call that a change in cause and effect.”
“I’d agree. It’s interesting you can see things in the past, present, and future. What other kinds of abilities do have?”
“I can also generally tell when there’s danger ahead, when someone’s under duress, or there’s something monstrous about to happen.”
“Didn’t I also hear that you can tell whether someone is lying to you?”
“That’s true. I can.”
“How?”
“I get a tingling sensation on the back of my neck. When I was young, I had no idea what the tingling meant. I thought a spider or something was crawling on me. It was kind of eerie and a bit scary.”
“I’ll bet. So your abilities have been with you ever since you were a kid?”
“Ever since I was born, actually. Naturally, when I was real young, I had no idea what the visions were and no idea that all kids didn’t have them. I thought it was normal for kids to see things that weren’t really there, almost like everyone has dreams. My mother had to sit me down and explain it all to me. It still took some getting used to, as you might well imagine.”
Alex nodded. “How old were you before you were able to really take advantage of your abilities?”
Adam smiled in remembrance. “It’s funny you should ask that. I can still remember that particular incident as clearly as if it were yesterday. I was in the fifth grade, I believe, and there was this real cute girl in my class that I wanted to get to know. Like most young boys, I was too shy to even talk to her. One day, I heard her tell her friends that they should walk home on a particular street and I immediately got a vision of what would happen if they did that.”
“And what was that?”
“I got a distinct image of a drive-by shooting. One gang would be shooting at another. Remember, I grew up in Chicago.”
“I remember. So what’d you do?”
“I choked back my fears, walked to her and her friends, and persuaded them not to go the way they’d intended. It took some doing, but I finally persuaded them by offering to buy them all a cold drink at a store on a different street. It cost me a buck and a half, but I got paid back the next day with a reward better than money. When she heard about the drive-by shooting, she asked me how I’d known that something was going to happen. I said I didn’t. I’d just used it as an excuse because I wanted to get to know her. My mother had been very clear that I should never tell people about my abilities. At least, not until I understood them better myself.” Adam smiled again. “She said she still didn’t understand why I’d picked that particular day to approach her, but was glad that I had. She was so grateful, in fact, that she gave me a kiss on the cheek. I was in seventh heaven. That was the first time I was glad I had the abilities. Until then, they’d just been a nuisance.”
“So how did winning the lotteries work? Did you have a vision of the winning numbers?”
“No. That’s not the way it works. When I turned twenty-one, a few of my college buddies took me out to an underground casino. There was blackjack, poker, roulette, craps, and even some slot machines. As I walked by the slot machines, I got some strange sensations that I’d never felt before. As people dropped their money and either lost or won, I figured out that one sensation indicated that they’d win while another sensation indicated that the machine wasn’t going to pay off. That’s about the only way I can describe it.”
“What about the lotteries?”
“After the slot machine incident, I ventured into a store near the campus and stood around until I got the winning sensation. I know ‘winning sensation’ sounds pretty weird, but I don’t know what else to call it. When I finally felt it, I bought the next ticket and won five thousand with it. Fortunately, only the super large jackpots are publicized, so over the next few months I won one thousand dollars nine times, six times I won three thousand to five thousand dollars, and two tickets netted me ten thousand and fifteen thousand dollars respectively. Then I thought I’d better lie low for a while before the lottery commission became suspicious—not that I was doing anything illegal or anything. The summer between my junior and senior years in college, I drove to Minnesota and stayed a few weeks until I’d won over fifty thousand dollars After that, I settled down to finish my senior year. I really wanted to graduate. I’d worked hard for my degree and besides, I really didn’t think I wanted to spend my whole life just winning lotteries. That seemed like it would be a rather empty life. I, like probably everyone in the world, felt that I was meant for bigger things. Based on the time I’d spent in journalism school, I really thought I had a talent for it. Did you know that Larry and I were classmates?” Alex nodded, so Adam continued. “When we graduated, he stayed in Chicago, but I wanted the adventure of New York because I’d lived all my life in Chicago. Because of my special abilities, it turned out I was good at ferreting out stories. I even helped the cops solve some crimes—murders and whatnot. However, it didn’t take me too many years to figure out that the police beat in New York is a very scary thing. Because I’d kept in touch with Larry the whole time I was in New York, when I decided to leave, I asked Larry whether I could work with him. As it turned out, he was looking for an additional crime reporter, so he gave me a job. And, as they say, ‘the rest is history.’ I worked for a couple of years, getting more and more broke. I was tired of noodles, soup, and peanut butter and jelly sandwiches, so I decided to try my hand at the lotteries again. That’s when I won the biggies.”
“As I recall, the first one was eighty million and the second was fifty million dollars.”
“You remember correctly. Because I’d won two big jackpots almost back-to-back, the state lottery couldn’t pass on the opportunity for advertisement. To be honest, I thought it’d be fun to be famous. I have to admit, for the first couple of years, it was. It was kind of nice being able to help people find their lost loved ones, even if sometimes all that was found were the remnants of what used to be a person. That was and still is the hard part. Finding them after it’s too late—especially finding children, like I did today. That’s why I had to get away from that scene. It’s emotionally devastating to see what the darker side of humanity can do.”
“But doesn’t it give you a good feeling to know some parents will finally be able to learn the fate of their missing children?”
“It used to. But that’s small compensation for what I have to go through. That’s why I don’t want any credit for this find. I’m hoping eventually people will forget me, and I won’t have to do this anymore.”
“Well,” Alex said, “I’ll certainly do what I can to keep your name out of it. But as Larry has said many times, we don’t have the final say-so.”
“I know—editor-in-chief Petersen has the final say. I think Larry may have a bit of influence on him. At least, I’m hoping he does.”
They lapsed into silence for a few minutes. Finally, Alex looked at his watch. “I’d better go write this up. It’s getting close to deadline.”
Adam glanced at his watch as well. “Yeah, I suppose you’d better. It might be a long time until we hear from Sam. It might not even be today at all. He said he’d call me before he left the scene, but I don’t necessarily expect him to. Sometimes he gets busy and forgets. I can certainly understand how that can happen. He had to wait for the forensic people to get there and they might be busy at the scene for quite a while. I don’t know how many graves there were, but I know there was more than the one we ran across.”
Alex stood and reached across the table. Adam stood as well and shook the proffered hand. “Thanks so much for the interview,” Alex said. “And thanks for telling me the whole story. I’ve been curious about your past for quite a while.”
“No problem. Just remember your promise.”
“You won’t see any of your personal story in print with my by-line. You have my word on that.”
“That’s good enough for me.”
Chapter 3
When Adam got up the next morning, he first opened the front door to pick up the two newspapers lying there. He walked into the kitchen, tossed the Tribune on the table and opened to the front page of the Sun-Times. He quickly scanned the front page article about the police locating Amy Brisbane, breathing a sigh of relief when he found no mention of his name. The article didn’t even hint that a finder had anything to do with it. All the credit went to the police for finding Amy. As it should have.
He put down the Sun-Times and was shaken by the Tribune headline. This article announced, in bold, fifty point font, “Psychic Finds Amy.” Even worse than that, his name had been prominently mentioned several times, while the article made the work by the police sound as if they were just his assistants. {{{“How ridiculous,” he thought.
He picked up the phone and dialed Sam’s number. “I hope you don’t think I had anything to do with that Tribune article.”
“You give an interview to the Tribune? I hardly think so.”
“At least that’s some small comfort. I wonder who they did interview. The article didn’t give any source, which, of course, isn’t any big surprise.”
“I really don’t know. Perhaps Amy’s mother.”
“Might’ve been. She seemed like the type that would want to give me all the credit and would want her day in the sun. I suppose I should’ve told her not to do that. I might have, had I ridden back with her and Amy.”
“It’s too late to do anything about it now.”
“Did the forensic people finish at the site?”
“Not while I was there, but I’ve heard from Jerry this morning. They found six bodies in various stages of decomp.”
“So Minden’s been at his perversions for a while.”
“Apparently so. Before you ask, they don’t yet know about sexual abuse.”
“How soon will they know?”
“Jerry told me they should have some results by this afternoon on the most current victim.”
“Any idea who they were?”
“Not yet. Harry and a couple other detectives are combing through missing persons. About the only thing they’ll be able to do now is make a list, as the bodies are in various stages of decomp and a facial match would be pretty much impossible on any of the bodies. The coroner might be able to match fingerprints or dental records, but that’ll take a while. However, there is something. When the forensics team went through the cellar, if that’s what it is, they found a small recessed panel in the wall with a stash of souvenirs.”
“Like what?”
“They found several necklaces, a couple of mismatched shoes, a very small friendship ring, and even a set of braces.”
“Sorry I asked.”
“I’m sorry, too. I wasn’t trying to make it worse for you, but I thought you might like to know.”
“I did and I didn’t.” Adam paused for a few moments. “Okay, I’ll let you get back to work, but let me know the moment anything else turns up.”
“You know I will. I know it goes without saying, but we really appreciated your help.”
“I know. But I don’t know whether I’m going to be willing to do this anymore. It’s just too hard.”
“You’re going to tell me you’ll be able to ignore a plea by a mother or father?”
“No, I’m not going to attempt to because you wouldn’t believe me anyway. What I am going to tell you is I’ve decided, for lack of a better term, to run away for a while.”
“And what’s that supposed to mean?”
“I’ve decided I’m going to go to Mexico or someplace like that to give this a chance to blow over. It seemed like a good idea to help people, but it’s just too overwhelming and I don’t want to do it anymore.”
“Well, I can’t say as I blame you. I’ve noticed how each subsequent case seems to be taking more and more of a toll on you. We’ll certainly miss you and your abilities, but perhaps it might be best to take some time away.”
“Whether it’s for the best or not, I’ve decided I’ve got to do it. I’ve thought long and hard on this and I’ve made my decision.”
“When are you going?”
“As soon as I talk to my mother and sister and make appropriate arrangements.”
“Yeah. You sure wouldn’t want to leave without telling them. They’ll understand why you’re doing it, won’t they?”
“Of course they will. Even though their abilities aren’t as pronounced as mine, they’ve still experienced the same sort of thing I do. I’m sure the experience isn’t any more pleasant for them than it is for me. Fortunately for them, they’ve been able to hide their abilities from the public and I’ve kept them out of my cases, denying their existence when anyone asked about relatives. I wouldn’t want them to be trapped as I am.”
Adam heard Sam start to shuffle papers on his desk. “As I said, I’ll be sorry to see you leave, but I’m going to have to sign off right now because I’ve just got to get some of this paperwork taken care of. I’ll be sure to call you as soon as I find out anything about who was in those graves.”
“Please do. Now get back to work.”
“Okay. Again, as always, thanks for your help.”
“No sweat, I’m sure.”
The moment he got off the line, Adam called Larry. “I’ve got some more of the story and some news I didn’t get the chance to tell you when I was there yesterday. Have you got a few moments for me?”
“For you, always. How soon can you be here?”
“Well, I’m at home right now. Let’s see…twenty or thirty minutes.”
“Okay. I’ll be waiting. I’ll bring Alex in on this, too, considering he wrote the original story.”
“Fine by me. See you soon.”

It actually took Adam about forty minutes until he walked into Larry’s office. Alex sat in the office with notepad at the ready. “What you got for us?” Larry said.
“Not a whole lot, unfortunately. They did find six bodies in back of Minden’s house, but they were in various stages of decomposition, so they don’t know who the kids were yet. They’re checking fingerprints and dental records.”
“Okay. Alex, I want you to go get the whole story from Sam. Stay there the whole day if he thinks he’ll get some results before it’s over. If not, get as much of the story as you can and come on back.”
“Right, boss. I’ll leave right away.” Alex jumped up, hurrying from the room.
“Now, you said you had some news for me you didn’t get a chance to tell me yesterday.”
“That’s right. I do.” Adam sat in the chair Alex had vacated. He told Larry about moving to Mexico or someplace else and his reasons for the decision.
“That’s almost funny. I say that, because I’ve got news for you, too.”
“Oh?”
“I’m moving, too—except I’m moving to West Virginia, not Mexico.”
“West Virginia?”
“Yeah, West Virginia. I found a small newspaper that’s up for sale and have decided to buy it with the inheritance I got when my father died.”
Adam couldn’t have been more shocked if Larry had pulled out a gun and shot him. “Are you out of your mind? You can’t be serious about leaving Chicago. You’ll go absolutely nuts in a rural area.”
“I admit it’ll take some getting used to, but, honestly, I’ve had it with the city. Besides, my last health checkup didn’t go very well. The doctor told me I needed to change my lifestyle.”
“I don’t imagine he meant such a drastic lifestyle change.”
“A change is a change. Besides, you know I’ve been thinking about getting out of the city for a while. We’ve talked about it.”
“We talked about you getting out of Chicago, but not about moving to West Virginia. The only thing we talked about was a change of scenery to someplace like Minneapolis or Denver, or some other city. But West Virginia?”
“Can you imagine a more dramatic change of scenery?”
“I absolutely cannot.” Adam just shook his head. “You’re sure about this?”
“No, not really. I’m going to take a couple of weeks off to fly out to examine the newspaper and the city—if you could call it a city. The population is only three thousand.” Larry grinned like a madman.
“You mean to tell me you’re going to leave Chicago to move to a West Virginia town with a population of three thousand?”
“That’s what I’m telling you. At least I’m going to, if it all works out. It’s not cut and dried yet.”
“Where is this paper and what’s it called?”
“The town’s called Canary Corners and the paper’s called the Tweet.”
“Oh, how precious.” Adam used his best, sarcastic lilt.
“Now, now, none of that. It’s not as if I gave the paper that name.”
“Are you going to stick with it?”
“Let’s not get ahead of ourselves. I have no idea whether I’m even going to buy the paper, much less rename it. I haven’t even mentioned it to Judy.” When Judy became Larry’s wife fifteen years earlier, Adam had been best man at their wedding. He still didn’t know any two people who seemed to be more in love.
“And when are you going to take your trip out there?”
“I’ve scheduled two weeks off starting next Monday. Want to come with me?”
“You must be joking. Besides, I’ve got to get ready for my trip. Is Judy going with you?”
“I have no idea—I haven’t even mentioned it to her. I don’t think she’ll object to the idea. She’s not a Chicago native and she knows what the doctor told me. How about you? Are you really sure someplace south is the best thing for you?”
“As I said earlier, I’ve thought long and hard about this, and I can’t come up with any other solution to my problem. If I don’t get away from this finder madness, it’s going to drive me absolutely crazy. I’m not going to move down there permanently, just for a while until, hopefully, my notoriety has faded from the public’s consciousness. I’ll come back in a year or two. I’ll let my mother and sister be my guidance as to the safety of my return. I would have checked with you, too, and still will if you’re going to be here.”
Larry shook his head. “Hopefully not. It sounds like you’ve really been making plans.”
“It’s as I said, I’ve thought on this for a while and can’t see any other way.”
“Well, I’ve thought long and hard, too. Of course, when I get to West Virginia, I may take one look at the newspaper and the town and decide I am out of my mind.”
“Honestly, I’ll be surprised if that isn’t the case.”
“We’ll see.”
Chapter 4
When Adam knocked on the door, his eleven-year-old nephew, Ryan, immediately answered it. “Thank you, sir.” Adam became immediately assailed by the smell of his mother’s pot roast, one of his favorites. “Where’s your mother?”
“She’s in the kitchen with Grandma.”
“And where’s Sheila?”
“In the backyard. She’s playing with Bagel.” Adam knew Bagel. He was the beagle his mother had owned for a few years.
Adam walked into the kitchen as Ryan headed toward the back door. “Adam,” Agnes said. His mother spread her arms for a hug. He obliged and when they parted he kissed his sister, Sarah, three years younger than his thirty-eight years, on the cheek.
“How goes it, Sarah?”
“Okay, I guess.”
“Are the kids doing okay in school?”
“Yes. Ryan’s got a part in the Christmas play the school’s putting on. It looks like he’s trying to follow in your footsteps. With any luck, someday he’ll be able to play Mortimer in ‘Arsenic and Old Lace’ like you did. That’s a wonderful play. It’s too bad he won’t be able to be in the Christmas play. You know, he’s like you were, Adam. He loves being the center of attention and being on stage is his ultimate high, if that’s the proper thing to say about a fifth-grader.”
“And why won’t he be able to be in the play? I’m sure I’d love to see it,” Adam said.
“You’d better sit down,” his mother said.
“This sounds rather ominous.” He sat. Sarah sat as well.
“Not as dramatic as all that. It’s just that I’ve decided to move back to Maine.” She’d grown up in Maine. After she met Adam’s father in college and they got married, they moved to Chicago where he’d been a crime reporter for the Chicago Sun-Times. He died fifteen years earlier when a drug lab he’d been investigating blew up. Adam’s mother had previously announced leaving Chicago for Maine many times, except she never had. “I want to spend whatever time I have left in a more peaceful environment.”
“What do you mean ‘whatever time you have left’? Have you heard something? Has the cancer come back?”
“No. As far as I know, it’s still in remission. At least, that’s what my doctor told me at my last checkup."
“So why the big decision and why now? You know we’ve heard all this before.”
“I think she’s serious this time,” Sarah said. “And we’re going with her. We’re going to live together.”
“By ‘we’, I assume you mean you and the kids.”
“Indeed I do. Mom and I’ve talked about it at great length and I think it’s about time I get these kids out of this disgusting and dangerous city. You know Bob and I’d talked about it many times before...” She looked down at the floor and stared at her right foot, which she moved distractedly. Her husband had been an executive in the home office of a retail store chain when a drive-by shooting left him and two other people dead.
“Well, I hope neither of you think you’re going to get an argument from me. I think it’s a great idea for both of you, and I’d like to help.”
“How? Are you going to come with us?”
“No. I have other plans. I mean I’d like to help pay for your move and buy you a house, or houses.” He looked pointedly at his sister. She shook her head. “Money, of course, is no object.”
“That’s nice of you,” Agnes said, “but I think we’ll be okay. I’ve already located the house I want to buy, or at least look at, when we get out there. It should easily fit within what we’ll be able to afford when I sell this place.”
“Of course, I’ll be helping because we’re going to live there, too,” Sarah said. “I shouldn’t have any trouble selling our house. As a matter of fact, I’ve had several real estate agents call over the past few months telling me they had someone interested, if I wanted to sell.”
“That’s great, but the offer is still and always on the table. Any time either of you need anything, just let me know.” He hesitated just a moment before continuing with his news. “It’s interesting you’ve brought this up today, because I came over here to tell you I’ve decided to get out of the city, too.”
“You?” Agnes said in surprise. “I thought you loved the city.”
“I do, or at least I did, and I’m sure I’m going to miss it or at least parts of it. But I don’t love my new notoriety and I just can’t handle it anymore. It’s taking too much of an emotional toll on me.”
“I understand,” Agnes said. “You sure you don’t want to come live in Maine with us?”
“No. I’ve decided that I’m going to Mexico or some other place south. I need to go someplace where they won’t recognize me at all.”
“What makes you think they’d recognize you in Maine? I know you’re famous countrywide for winning the lotteries, but that was a few years ago and I don’t think the people in Maine will have paid that much attention to a finder in Chicago.”
“Perhaps not, but I don’t want to take any chances. If someone did happen to recognize me, I’m sure everyone would know about my being there before long—rural grapevines and all that. I certainly don’t want to attract attention to you and Sarah and the kids.”
“We can take care of ourselves,” Sarah said. “We always have. Why Mexico?”
“I don’t know. I’ve been looking at brochures from all over the Caribbean, and Cancun seems to be a nice place. I don’t know whether I’ll settle there or visit for a few weeks and then go somewhere else. Maybe I’ll end up in a different spot in Mexico or someplace else in the Caribbean, like St. Thomas or St. Croix or…I don’t know.”
“I understand why you want to get away,” Agnes said, “but I really don’t like the idea of you being so far away.”
He looked away to stare at a spot on the wall. “I’ll only be a phone call away, Mom.”
“I know, but we’ve all been together pretty much ever since your father died, except for your time in New York. I’ll miss our Sunday lunches.”
“And it was really nice having you here when Bob was killed,” Sarah added. “I don’t know if I could’ve handled it without both of you here, and the kids love having you around. You know, they really love their uncle.”
He focused his attention on her. “That’s nice to hear because I love them, too. You’ve really raised a couple of great kids, Sarah. I’m sure Bob would’ve been proud of you.”
“I still miss…” She choked back a sob, and looked at her shoe again.
“I know you do, but Bob’s gone and you have to move on.”
“I know. That’s one of the reasons I’ve agreed to move to Maine with Mom. Once I’m out of the city, maybe the pain will be less.”
“For your sake, I certainly hope so.” He settled his hands on the table.
“Now, tell us a little bit about your latest adventure,” Agnes said.
“There’s not much to tell beyond the article in the newspaper. And didn’t you just love that headline in the Tribune?” Adam knew she read both papers every day as he did.
“The way that one was written, it sounded like you did everything and simply handed the kidnapper to the police after you captured him. I presume it wasn’t that way at all.”
“Of course it wasn’t. I merely rode along with Sam and directed him where to go. I did discover where Minden was hiding Amy and found the graves in back of the house.”
“I read about that, too. Hard, was it?” Even though Agnes had never acted as a finder as he had, she’d occasionally experienced some of the emotional strain that he experienced on his quests. Sarah had as well and she shook her head as she looked at her brother.
“Yes, it was and I really don’t want to go through that again. That’s why I’ve decided I have to leave.”
“Can you wait until after supper at least?” Sarah said.
“Very funny. You don’t really think I’d leave without some of Mom’s pot roast, do you?”
“No, I’m sure you wouldn’t. There’s nothing quite like Mom’s pot roast.”
“Not to mention her coconut cherry pie. That is what I smell in the oven, isn’t it, Mom?” He’d smelled the pie baking ever since he’d come into the kitchen
“It is indeed,” Agnes said. “You have a good nose for pie.”
“Just yours. Is everything just about ready?”
“Yeah,” Sarah said. “Would you mind going out in the backyard to round up the kids?”
“Of course not. Be right back.” He got up, heading for the door.
They’d just gotten their plates filled with Adam raising his fork for his first bite when his cell phone rang. He saw the call came from Sam. “I’ve got to take this.” He got up, walking into the living room for a bit of privacy as he opened his phone. “What you got, Sam?”
“Only that they’ve ID’d five out of the six victims. The sixth was too far gone for fingerprints or dental records. They’re trying to do a DNA match now.”
“Was there enough left to get DNA?”
“Fortunately, yes. There were still some scraps of skin, as well as some remnants of internal organs and her teeth, if nothing else worked.”
“I assume the parents of the ones you’ve identified have been notified.”
“Yes. Only two of them were local. The other three kids had apparently been living on the street. We’re only guessing at that, because we matched them with the nationwide missing person’s database and each was from a different state.”
“They were a bit older than Amy, I presume. If they were on the street, that is.”
“They were, but not as old as you might think. Two were ten when they went missing and the other was just eleven.”
“God. One has to wonder what would cause kids only ten or eleven to run away from home.”
“I doubt we’ll ever know the answer to that one. We’ll ask the parents when we see them, but I don’t expect them to say anything that’ll allow us to make any sense out of this tragedy.”
“No, I suppose not. It’s not as if the parents are going to say ‘My daughter ran away because I used to beat her,’ even though that might very well have been the case.”
“No, we certainly won’t get that kind of confession.”
“Well, it’s nice of you to call, but I’m having dinner with my sister and mother, so I’d better ring off now and go finish the dinner you interrupted.”
“Sorry about that. But you did tell me to call.”
“Nothing to be sorry for, Sam. I didn’t mean it like that. It pleases me to know you found the parents of most of the children, even if some of those parents probably deserved to suffer longer.”
“You shouldn’t look at it that way. Such thoughts lessen the importance of what you’ve accomplished.”
“I’m sure you’re right. Got to go. Supper’s getting cold.”
“Don’t let me keep you any longer. I’ll let you know if we find out about the sixth victim.”
“Please do. See you.” Adam closed his flip-phone and walked back into the dining room.
“Sam?” Agnes asked.
“Yeah. They have identities for all but the very first victim. They’re trying to do a DNA match for that one. It’ll probably be a few days before they know anything. They’ve contacted the parents of all of the other victims.”
“All local?” Sarah asked.
“Not all,” Adam said, as he glanced at his niece and nephew’s faces. “But perhaps this isn’t the discussion we should be having at the dinner table.”
“You’re right, of course,” Sarah said.
Ryan opened his mouth to ask a question, but a stern look from his mother silenced him. No one said another word until they had finished with their meal and then Agnes said, “Who’s for some coconut cherry pie?”
Immediately, Ryan and Sheila said they wanted some and Sarah and Adam agreed. Agnes disappeared into the kitchen, coming out with pie for all of them, two plates at a time. Though they could hardly stand it, Ryan and Sheila waited until their grandmother seated herself before digging in.

Chapter 5
Adam stepped out of the front door of his rented villa on the east side of the island of Isla Mujeres several miles off the east coast of Cancun. He stretched, taking in a deep breath of the salty, sea air. He could hear as well as see the waves crashing below the cliffs on the other side of the highway. He’d been contemplating what would be on tap for the day, but could decide on nothing better than another drive around the island. He’d done this many times, but it never seemed to get old.
Adam unplugged his golf cart from the electrical outlet and it started with no difficulty. He’d bought the cart new when he’d first rented his villa on the island. He’d looked around at used ones, to save money, but they all seemed to be in terrible shape. Because he didn’t have to worry about money, he talked himself into buying a new one. He had yet to regret that choice and knew he never would. From time to time, he’d seen his neighbor fussing with getting his older golf cart started. The boat to the mainland left from the other side of the island, so the golf cart proved to be a necessity. Though not large, his location on the island required a ride of a couple of miles from his villa to get to the boat. Once, when he felt adventurous, he walked to the boat, but he regretted doing that. The few taxis on the island had stopped service by the time he got back in the evening. Though safe enough walking on the island, even at night, that night had only a sliver of a moon and he stubbed his toes and almost fell several times on obstacles he couldn’t see.
He’d begun his trip around the island when his phone rang. He pulled to the side of the road to answer and noticed that it was his sister’s phone number. He’d been talking to her about once a month, but this time, based on her tone, he didn’t think he would enjoy the call.
“What’s wrong?”
“Mom’s been sick off and on and she’s been losing a lot of weight. She went in for a checkup and they found out her cancer’s back.”
“Oh, God,” was all he could manage. “How serious?” He rubbed his head furiously as if it itched, which it didn’t.
“Serious. It’s spread into her lungs. The doctors give her only a few months or maybe only a few weeks.”
“Is she getting chemo or something?”
“No. She’s refusing treatment because the doctors have said they’re not sure it’ll actually do any good—she’s got a rather advanced case. Because she got so sick from the treatment before, she decided not to go through it again.”
He remembered how sick she’d been during the prior chemo and radiation treatments. He said, “I understand that. She did get awfully sick. And if the doctors can’t be sure it’ll help anyway…”
“I’ve told her I support her decision. I don’t necessarily like it, but it’s what she wishes so I’m not going to argue. You know as well as I do that wouldn’t do any good anyway.”
“You’re right, of course. I’m glad you haven’t tried to push her into anything. You shouldn’t. Naturally, I’d like to see her around for a long time to come, but I don’t want her to suffer just to satisfy my wants.”
“You are going to come back aren’t you?”
“Of course I am. I’ll just have to make arrangements here.”
“Okay, give me a call when you know what you’re going to do.”
“Will do, sis. Give my love to Mom and the kids.”
“You know I will. Talk to you soon.”

As soon as he got up in the morning, Adam called a local travel agent to see what he could arrange. There were a number of flights to the United States landing in the southwest, where he could connect to Bangor, Maine—the closest airport to his mother’s home near Guilford . He booked the flight to Houston that made the best connection to Bangor to give him the shortest layover possible, even though the tickets were a bit more expensive.
When he’d come to Mexico, he’d brought very little with him and whatever he possessed now, other than a few clothes, had been purchased in Cancun. He decided to leave behind everything except his clothes and a few small souvenirs. He packed his two suitcases and called the rental agency. He explained the situation and they were accommodating up to the point that he had to pay the next two months’ rent. That didn’t bother him one iota. He needed to be with his mother as soon as possible. If it cost him a few extra bucks, so be it. His innate frugality had to be set aside when it came to family.
He put his suitcases on the back of his golf cart and drove to the bank to draw out his money. In the small branch bank, he spoke to the branch manager. The manager said they’d be sorry to see Adam go, but he gave Adam the large amount of cash he requested and a cashier’s check for the rest of the money still in his account. Adam knew he’d need the cash to settle his account with the rental agency and to pay for his tickets to the States. His next stop was the travel agency to pick up the tickets they had ready for him. He drove to the rental agency and gave them the keys and the cash for the remaining rent. Finally, he drove directly to the beach, where he had to pick up the boat to the mainland. He bought his ticket for the next ride. He still had about an hour to wait before the boat would arrive. To kill time, he drove his cart to the local cart rental store two blocks from the dock. He’d rented a cart there when he’d first visited the island to see whether he might want to locate there and then had returned, buying his cart there. Because the young lady in the store had been very friendly and helpful, he decided he’d return the favor. She came out as soon as he parked in front of the store.
“Do you remember me, Maria?” He remembered her.
“I do, señor. How may I be of help?”
“I’m leaving Mexico and I don’t have anything to do with my cart. Would you like to have it?”
She looked at him suspiciously. “How much?”
“Not a single peso. It’s my parting gift to you.”
She looked the cart over. “It is a fine cart. You don’t want to sell?”
“I don’t need the money,” he said simply as he handed her the keys. “The papers are in the glove box. It’s all yours.”
She muttered a few words in Spanish and then reached out, grasping his hand in both of hers. “Muchas gracias, señor. I know not what else to say.”
“Your thank you is sufficient.” He turned to walk to the dock.
Because he still had time before the boat would be there, he decided to call his sister. She answered on the first ring, whispering, “When are you coming, Adam?”
He glanced at his watch. “My plane leaves in about four hours. I get into Houston at seven in the evening and into Bangor about midnight. I’ve arranged for a rental car and have set myself up in a hotel near the Bangor airport so I don’t have to wander around town in the middle of the night.”
“I assume you’re not expecting me to meet your plane at midnight?”
“Of course not. I’ll be all right. How’s Mom doing?”
“No better, but, fortunately, not any worse. I’m with her now and she’s sleeping. That’s why I’m talking quietly.”
“I figured as much. I guess I’ll see you sometime tomorrow. What hospital’s she in?”
“It’s called Eastern Maine Medical Center. We were told they have a good cancer center and I’m okay with the care she’s received so far. Of course, there’s not a whole lot they can do since she’s refused treatment.”
“I know, but I think we both understand why she’s doing it. Listen, sis, my boat to the mainland just arrived, so I’ll have to hang up. The boat’s rather noisy. We won’t be able to talk while it’s underway.”
“Okay,” she said. “Why don’t you call me when you get to Houston? It’ll still be early.”
“It’ll be early in Houston, but not that early in Maine. There’s two hours difference, isn’t there?”
“You’re right, but that’ll only make it around nine o’clock my time. I’m sure I’ll be up.”
“Okay then, I’ll call you from Houston. Bye.”
He walked to where the boat had docked, handed his ticket to the deckhand, and settled himself in a seat in the interior of the boat. The boat had seats fore and aft on the deck, but having ridden on the boat many times, he preferred to be inside the glassed-in canopy, especially when the water got rough, as it seemed to be doing today. As it turned out, he made the right choice. As the boat traversed the passage between the island and the mainland, it sustained continual buffeting. Occasionally water splashed on the outside of the windows, which made him glad to be on the inside.
When the boat docked, he walked to where a number of taxis waited. He picked one of the newer-looking ones and made sure the driver spoke English. He told him to drive him to the airport.
He immediately got his boarding pass for his flight, checking his baggage. As he didn’t even have a carry-on bag, things went smoothly at the security check. In the large waiting room, there were several small restaurants and duty-free shops. As he didn’t trust the food at the airport, he just bought some bottled water, a couple of candy bars, and a magazine to help him pass the time. Any cash he had left he exchanged for American currency at one of the exchange booths in the waiting room. He read a couple of articles and then decided that it had been too long since he’d checked in with Larry. His editor friend actually ended up buying the newspaper in the small West Virginia town of Canary Corners and Adam was curious about his friend’s new life.
“Larry, how’s the newspaper tycoon?”
“Okay, I guess. Owning a newspaper’s a lot more work than I’d envisioned. It’s fun, but there are an awful lot of headaches.”
“I’ll just bet there are.”
“What’s up with you?”
“Well, I’m coming back to the States. I don’t remember if I told you my mother and sister and her kids moved to Maine to get out of the city.”
“Not that I recall. When did they do that?”
“Shortly after I moved to Mexico. She’d told me they were going to before I left and she’d already located a house she thought she might be interested in. When they went out for a visit, she decided she liked it and put a down payment on it. About a month later, she and my sister moved everything.”
“Why are you coming back? Tired of Mexico?”
“No. Unfortunately, my mother’s cancer is back.”
“Oh God, I’m sorry. What’s the prognosis?”
“Not good, I’m afraid. The doctors don’t give her more than a few months at best.”
“I can’t tell you how sorry I am to hear that. I know you and your mother are very close.”
“And my sister. She’s with my mother now.”
“When are you coming back?”
“I’m sitting at the airport right now. I arrive in Bangor about midnight tonight.”
“Any possibility you might be willing to break away after you’ve been with your mother for a while and come down and see me? I’ve missed your sterling personality.”
“Cut the crap. What do you have in mind?”
“What makes you think I have anything in mind? Can’t a friend just want to see a friend he hasn’t seen for a while because said friend moved out of the country?”
“A friend could, yes. But you and I both know, you seldom do anything without a reason and I know friendship wouldn’t be enough of a reason, so let’s have it.”
“Well…there is something I thought you might be interested in. I’m sure you’re aware the Internet is taking over a lot of the daily reader’s time and there aren’t as many people buying newspapers as there used to be.”
“I imagine that’s the case. I have to admit I haven’t read many newspapers since I’ve been down in Mexico. Most are in Spanish and you know darn good and well I don’t know any Spanish.”
“Or any other foreign language,” Larry said.
“And your point is?”
“Do you know what a blog is?”
“Isn’t it an Internet site people use as a sort of personal journal to say anything they want?”
“I’d guess that about covers it. Have you ever read any?”
“Not any I’d actually recognized as a blog. I’ve been kind of out of touch with the Internet since I came to Mexico. I could’ve gotten a satellite feed to give me Internet access, but I didn’t really want to.”
“And why not?”
“I came to Mexico to get away and I thought the more connections I broke with my past life, the better off I’d be. Why did you ask about blogs, anyway?”
“Because I see the coming conflict between newspapers and the Internet, and I’m afraid the Internet might just win the battle. I thought maybe I’d get ahead of the curve by having you, or someone like you, write a blog affiliated with the newspaper. A lot of the big city newspapers are doing something similar.”
“What makes you think I’d possibly want to do something like that? I retired from reporting, in case you don’t remember.”
“I know you did and I’m sure by now you’re missing it.”
“I hate to admit it but you’re right. Not having to scrounge for every meal is nice but I do sort of miss the everyday grind of being a reporter. I’ve tried to start the novel that’s supposedly in every journalist without much success. I think I really need some type of deadline.”
“So you’re saying you might consider doing it for me?”
“How much are you going to pay me?”
“You must be kidding, Mr. Money Bags. The newspaper needs the money much more than you do.”
“All right, all right, I kid. But I do think I’ll have to ponder over this one.”
“That’s all I ask.”
“What would you want me to write? I don’t suppose there’s a whole lot a crime way out in the boonies of West Virginia.”
“There’s not. I thought you might enjoy writing personal interest pieces such as different perspectives on the sports teams here, restaurant reviews, and anything else that meets your fancy. If there happens to be a crime spree, you can handle it. Anything you write that seems worthy of the newspaper, we’ll put it in. Naturally, I’d not presume to tell you what to write about, although I do want to reserve the right of refusal.”
“Well, on that basis I’ll strongly consider it. It might be kind of interesting to be able to write a column, or blog, if you will, on anything I want.”
“I thought you might think that. So can I expect to see you sometime in the next few weeks?”
“I’ll have to see how my mother’s doing. I haven’t seen her for almost a year and my sister says she’s really not doing very well.”
“I’m not saying I expect to see you if she needs you. Only if she seems to be a bit better and you feel that it’s okay to break away.”
“Okay, as long as we understand each other.”
“We do. But why don’t you call me from time to time and let me know how things are going with your mother?”
“Okay. I’ll do that.”
“One more thing before I sign off,” Larry said. “You’ll never guess who I have on the crime beat, such as it is.”
“Now, how could I guess that? I don’t know anybody out there.”
“It’s not somebody already here when I came. It’s somebody at the paper when you left Chicago.”
“Don’t tell me you suckered some poor city boy into writing for you in the wide-open spaces.”
“I didn’t sucker him. He came to me.”
“Who?”
“You’re not going to believe it—it’s Alex.”
“Alex? Surely not Alex Rivers from the Sun-Times?”
“The very same.”
“And you’re going to sit there and tell me he came to you and told you he wanted to leave Chicago to work for you in West Virginia?”
“He did. When he found out I had decided to buy the newspaper in West Virginia, he asked me for a job.”
“I have to say that surprises me almost as much as you buying that newspaper and moving to West Virginia. What could’ve prompted him to make that decision?”
“His wife. He married a nice girl from a small town in the Midwest and she hated the big city. She had apparently been after him for a while to get her out. When he mentioned this possibility to her, she jumped at it. Then, after she found out about her pregnancy, she couldn’t be assuaged. She told him either they got out of the city for the sake of their child, or she’d go home to her mother. Alex said she kept hounding him until he asked me. He waited until I came back from West Virginia, and had made up my mind to buy the newspaper, before he broached the subject. Considering the paper had no crime reporter at the time, I couldn’t say no. Even though I told him I couldn’t pay very much, he came anyway. I declare it to be one of the wisest decisions I made.”
“Unbelievable,” Adam said. “So Alex is a dad now. Did they have a boy or a girl?”
“It’s a boy and Alex is over the moon about being a dad.”
“Good for him. That’s nice. But if he’s doing your crime reporting and there’s virtually no crime anyway, where would I fit into that genre?”
“You know as well as I do no one else, probably in the whole country, has your special abilities to ferret out crime. I’d be more than happy to let you team up with him from time to time, or simply give you the assignment and find something else for him to work on. It turns out that he’s one heck of a writer, regardless of what the assignment is. Kind of reminds me of you, actually.”
“I’ll take that as a compliment.”
“You should because that’s the way I meant it. Before you, I’d never met anyone in the newspaper game as adept at any kind of assignment as you were. But now, I’d have to say, I’ve met two such people.”
“Even with Alex on your staff, I still think what you’ve proposed sounds interesting.”
“Good. I’ll expect to see you sometime in the next few weeks then.”
“That’s a distinct possibility. I’ll keep you apprised as to my mother’s condition and whether I think I can break away.”
“Please do. Talk to you later.”
Chapter 6
“Good morning,” Adam said as he walked into the hospital room about ten o’clock. The room had that typical hospital, antiseptic smell. His sister turned, spreading her arms. She slid into his embrace easily. The subtle perfume his sister wore helped hide the hygienic smell of the room. “How’s she doing?”
“She’s sleeping right now.”
“No, I’m not.” Agnes looked directly at the two of them. “Get over here and give me a hug, Adam.” She coughed and then breathed shallowly a few times.
“Yes, ma’am.” He couldn’t believe how thin and virtually weightless she had become when he raised her up just enough to slide his arms underneath her for his embrace. When he drew back, he couldn’t help but notice how amazingly cadaverous her face looked. “How are you doing, Mom?”
“Just so-so. I have my good days and my bad days.” She coughed again. “But I can tell this is going to be one of my good days, if only because you’re here.”
“That cough doesn’t sound like it’s such a good day.”
“That’s nothing. I’m all right.”
“I’m sorry I couldn’t be here for you when you first got sick again.” He pulled a chair close to her bed, sitting down heavily.
“I don’t even want to hear that. I know why you were gone and, as you recall, I agreed with your decision. I don’t blame you in the least for not being here. Besides, none of us knew my cancer would come back with such a vengeance.” She paused for a few shallow breaths. “The doctors had given me no indication that it might happen. I guess cancer and its issues are still almost as much a mystery today as they’ve always been and the doctors are still just shooting in the dark with their diagnoses and remedies. But, enough of that. I have something I need to tell you.”
Adam looked at her seriously. “What is it? You have my full attention.”
She took a few shallow breaths and then said, “It’s just something that I’ve never told either of you, and I certainly think you need to know.”
Sarah sat in the chair on the opposite side of the bed from Adam. “Go ahead, Mom.”
“Okay. Here it is. Bagel is much more than an ordinary dog. Sarah knows that Bagel can perform certain tricks that few dogs can perform, but it goes beyond that.”
“Oh,” Adam said with a smile. “Does he maybe speak foreign languages like cat and cow?”
“Very funny,” Agnes said. “Cut the wisecracks and just let me tell you the story.”
Adam looked slightly chastened. “Sorry, Mom. Go right ahead.”
“Do either of you know what a familiar is?”
“With our past, you ask that question,” Sarah said. “I can only speak for myself, of course, but I’d imagine Adam knows what a familiar is, too.”
Adam nodded. “A familiar supposedly is some type of a demon that works with a witch.”
“I know both of you know that your grandmother, many generations removed, Prudence, had been burned as a witch. Of course, as we all know, there really is no such thing as a witch and she had most probably been burned because she had some of the same special abilities that we have.” She coughed a few times, held up her hand to silence them, breathing a few times before continuing. “Darn lungs. To continue, the fact is such special abilities are not limited to the human species. Some animals seem to have some abilities as well. Prudence had just such an animal that survived after her; her husband left with their two children and took the animal with them. Family records indicate he tried to persuade her to leave, but apparently she didn’t believe in running away. The judges of the witch trials tried to find them after burning her, but they never did. Good thing, too. Otherwise, you and I wouldn’t exist.”
“But surely you’re not suggesting…” Adam said.
“I see you surmised where I’m going. I am indeed saying Bagel is descended from Prudence’s dog, supposedly her familiar. Your Aunt Mary, who’s big into pet genealogy, followed the history of your grandmother’s dog forward until today. At first, she thought it strange such extensive records even existed, but when she read some of the information on the various dogs, she ceased to be surprised. It seems many generations were as close to finders as a nonhuman could be.” Agnes paused to take a few shallow breaths. “Because beagles were originally bred to be trackers and they have an amazing sense of smell as well as an uncanny tracking instinct, is it such a stretch to think they could be of immense use to a finder? Of course, they were normally used to hunt small animals, but Bagel’s ancestors and their progeny were kept in the family through the generations, and were taught to track people as well as other animals. In some cases, they were used instead of bloodhounds. As it turns out, one of your cousins, three or four times removed, owned Bagel. Mary tracked him down, buying him for me, knowing full well when I got to the point I am now, I’d pass Bagel along to you.”
“But how did Aunt Mary know your cancer would  recur if the doctors didn’t?”
Agnes didn’t say anything for a few seconds, taking the time for some breaths as deep as her diseased lungs would allow. “How do you know where bodies are buried and who the bad people are? It’s rather mysterious, but you do know and she did know I would be getting sick again. She called me a couple of years ago to warn me, but I really couldn’t do anything about it. I had my Chicago doctors on the lookout for new signs of cancer and the doctors here had been monitoring me pretty closely, but this episode kind of snuck up on me rather fast and took the doctors by surprise. They’ve told me they couldn’t have done much about it, anyway.”
“So just what are you telling me, Mom?”
“I’m telling you when I’m gone, I want you to take Bagel.”
“I freely admit Bagel seems to be a wonderful animal and he’s been a good companion for you for the last couple of years, but you know I’m not a pet person. Maybe it’d be better if Sarah took Bagel for the kids. I know the kids love him and would love to have him.”
Sarah shook her head. “But I can’t do what you can do. If Bagel can help, even in a small way, it makes much more sense for you to have Bagel than for me and the kids to have him for just a pet.”
“When you put it that way, I guess you’re right. Even though I’m not planning on being a finder anymore, nobody knows what the future holds. Something may happen that I just won’t be able to resist sticking my nose in.”
“I wouldn’t put your ability to help quite that way,” Agnes said. “That makes it sound like the people you help don’t want your help. We know darn good and well whatever case you happen to be on, you’re on the case because you were asked to help.” Agnes paused to take a couple of shallow, rasping breaths.
“Okay, Mom,” Adam said. “That’s enough talking for now. You need to rest your lungs.”
She took a couple more shallow breaths, putting her hand to her chest as if she could squeeze the air from her lungs by pushing. “You’re right. I’d better rest for a while. Sarah can fill you in on the rest of what we’ve decided.”
Adam looked at his sister questioningly.
“The house and so forth,” Sarah said. “But let’s go grab a cup of coffee and let Mom rest.” She rose, pivoted, and headed for the door, followed closely by Adam. Adam didn’t actually drink coffee, as he preferred tea, but he was happy to go with Sarah and buy her a cup.
“We’ll be just down the hall, Mom. Signal the nurse and tell her if and when you want us to come back.”
“There’s no if about it,” Agnes said in almost a whisper.
“Enough, Mom. Now rest. We’ll be back later,” Adam said as he shut the door before she could utter another syllable. He followed Sarah down the hall into a waiting room. “For you,” he said as he started to drop coins in the coffee machine but Sarah grabbed his hand.
“Don’t,” she said. “The coffee out of this machine is the worst. There’s a lunchroom one floor below us—I can get some coffee there and you can get a cup of tea. The coffee in the lunch room is much better than what’s in this machine. But let’s talk first.”
“Works for me. Lay it on me, sis.”
“There’s not much to tell. Mom wanted me to tell you other than Bagel and some papers, she’s leaving everything else to me. She wanted to be sure you’re okay with it considering you’re the oldest and, in theory, should be the one to inherit everything, except for a few things only I’d want, such as her china and things like that.”
“Of course I am. I’m okay with whatever you two have decided. It’s not as if I need her house or car, or anything else. You can put whatever she has left to much better use than I can and I certainly don’t need any money, if there’s any left after you guys bought the house and moved all the way out here.”
“We know that. That’s why she decided to leave it all to me. She just wanted to make sure you didn’t feel slighted.”
“Oh yes, I’m just so hurt.” He leaned his head forward and covered his eyes as if he were crying.
“Okay, wise guy, cut out the dramatics. Now that we’re past that, do you want to go get some decent coffee for me and tea for yourself?”
“Sounds good, but how about I buy you lunch?”
Sarah glanced at her watch. “It’s still a little early, but I’m sure I could eat something. What with coming back and forth to the hospital the last several days, I haven’t had a chance to spend much time eating.”
“Well, now, perhaps, we can both have a leisurely lunch.”
“That would be nice, but maybe we better check on Mom before we go down and get involved with eating.”
“Good idea.” He followed her back down the hall.
Sarah opened the door cautiously and then immediately closed it. “We’re okay,” she whispered. “She’s asleep, or at least she’s pretending. I think we’ll be okay to have lunch.”
She started down the hall again with Adam close behind. “Who’s taking care of the kids while you’re spending so much time here?”
“Mom ran across a good friend she had while in high school out here. The friend, Bridget, has a daughter, Francine, who’s about our age and has a couple of kids of her own. She’s keeping Ryan and Sheila at her house. Her kids and mine get along great. She has a boy and a girl, too.”
“That’s great. Glad to hear it. How did Mom happen to run across this friend?”
“Okay, Mr. Reporter, you can put your suspicions away. It all happened quite innocently. Mom leafed through the phone book just to see whether anyone around would still know her and she happened upon Bridget. Her last name had changed, of course, but Mom also knew whom Bridget had been going with when they graduated and, as it turned out, that’s whom Bridget married, so Mom recognized the last name, too. She called and they got together right away.”
“If she’s such a good friend, how come she’s not here visiting Mom?”
“She has been. Right now, she’s come down with a terrible cold and the doctors told her she shouldn’t be here until she gets over it. In Mom’s weakened condition, she doesn’t need someone breathing cold germs in the room.”
“That’s for sure.”
They walked past the elevator, both preferring to take the stairs. When they were down one floor, Sarah led Adam to the lunchroom.
Chapter 7
Adam and Sarah stayed close by their mother’s bedside for the next couple of weeks. She didn’t seem to be getting any worse, though not any better, either. To Adam’s eyes, she still looked like a skeleton. He’d been in communication with Larry a few times, telling him he couldn’t leave yet. Of course, Larry understood the situation.
“I know I’ve said it before,” Agnes said when the three of them were alone. “But you two really need to get on with your lives. Sarah, I’m sure the kids miss having you around and you, Adam—I don’t know what to tell you. I don’t know what you’ve been doing, other than being a finder, now that you’re no longer a reporter. It’s not like you need a regular job to make a living.”
“But we can’t leave you here by yourself, Mom,” Sarah said.
“Nonsense,” Agnes said. “Even though you know I love having you around, nothing has changed in the last few weeks. There isn’t really any reason you need to hang around for my every waking moment.” She looked directly at Sarah. “Didn’t you tell me Ryan has a part in a play coming up soon?”
Sarah nodded.
“Well, don’t you think he’d appreciate your help learning his part? I know you’d love to make whatever costume he needs.”
Sarah shook her head at first, but she knew she couldn’t lie to her mother. “He is struggling with his part and I suppose a little coaching at home wouldn’t hurt. As for the costume, he’s a pirate in the play so he can easily use the costume he used for Halloween last year, though it’ll probably need a little adjustment. He’s grown.”
“Then I think you need to go home and take care of what needs to be taken care of and stop wasting your time here at the hospital.”
“Mother, I’d never consider any time I spend with you a waste. I love you and want to be with you for whatever time you have left.”
“I love you and want to be with you, too. But you have a family to be concerned about.”
“Francine is handling everything just fine. The kids are being fed, getting their homework done, and getting to school on time.”
“That may be, but Francine isn’t their mother and children need their mother.”
“That’s true,” Adam said. “That’s why we need you.”
“All right, Adam, stop twisting my words. You know that’s not what I meant.”
“Whether that’s what you meant or not,” Adam said, "it’s a true enough statement.”
“Okay. I’ll give you part of that one. Children do need their mother, but you’re hardly children.” Agnes took as deep a breath as she could. She obviously had to struggle.
“That doesn’t mean we don’t need you almost as much as we ever have,” Sarah said.
“I think you’re both confusing need with want. I freely admit it gives me a warm feeling to know you want me around, but I know you don’t need me, whereas your son and daughter do need you, Sarah. I’m sure you wouldn’t have to look far, Adam, to find someone that could use your special abilities.”
“That may very well be, Mom, but you know I don’t want to be a finder anymore.”
“I know you don’t, but surely there must be something you want to do for the rest of your life. I can’t picture you playing Mr. Money Bags forever.”
“Okay,” Adam said. “You got me. Do you remember Larry Archibald, my editor at the Sun-Times?”
“Of course I do,” Agnes said. “He’s the bald gentleman that came to dinner several times.”
Adam had to smile to himself. He knew Larry to always be a gentleman around most people, but to those same people, the thing that stood out most had to be the fact that his head looked like a cue ball. “That’s him.”
“And what about him?”
“Just about the time I went to Mexico, Larry began looking to buy a newspaper in a small West Virginia town. He did end up buying it. He’s asked me to write for the paper, putting the information on the Internet in what’s called a blog. I know that’s a dumb name but that’s what they call them. A blog is a sort of personal diary for most people, but Larry wants me to go one step beyond and write general interest stuff he can use to attract attention to the paper from the Internet. Anything I come up with that’s interesting enough, he’ll put in the paper as well as on the blog.”
“It sounds to me as if you’re more than interested in doing this.”
“I have to admit, it did sound intriguing. I told him I’d talk to him about it if you got better.”
Agnes started to say something else but Adam held up his hand to stop her.
“But you’re not getting any better, Mom.”
“But I’m not getting any worse. Why don’t you take this opportunity to go down and see what his offer is all about? I can tell you want to.”
“I wouldn’t even pretend you’re not correct. I’d very much like to talk to him to see exactly what he has in mind.”
“Then go and get out of my hair.” She ran a hand through her thin hair. “Such as it is.”
Adam looked at Sarah. “It looks like we’re getting our walking papers, sis.”
“It does seem that way, doesn’t it? But I don’t know.”
“Come on, you two. Sarah, you know the house is no more than an hour away. As for you, Adam, you can afford to charter a plane. You can be here in an hour or two, if it comes to that.”
Adam looked at Sarah again. “We might as well give up, sis. You know as well as I do Mom isn’t going to give up.”
“I guess you’re right, Adam. Okay, Mom, you win. I’ll go home to the kids and do my motherly things, and Adam,” she looked at Adam, “can go to his friend in West Virginia.”
“Okay,” Agnes said with a smile. “Now that that’s settled, get out of here and let me rest.”
“Yes, Mother,” Adam and Sarah said, almost in unison. They both stood, walking toward the door.
Adam turned, saying, “You be sure we’re contacted if anything happens.”
“Of course I will. Now get out of here.”
Adam said, “Yes, Mother,” and closed the door behind them. They walked to the nurse’s station and explained what they were doing and why. He made sure the nurse had contact numbers for them and understood she, or someone, had to call them if anything should happen. They rode down together in the elevator and Adam gave Sarah a quick hug before they parted ways, heading toward their cars.
Chapter 8

Although Adam tried to find flights from Bangor, Maine to Charleston, West Virginia, he couldn’t find any commercial flights with a convenient schedule. Therefore, he did as his mother suggested: he chartered a flight. He found a small company in Bangor with a couple of Learjets and pilots that he could charter to fly to Charleston. After making arrangements and meeting with the pilot, who said he would be ready to go as soon as he filed his flight plan, Adam called his sister and made sure she knew to call him the moment anything happened, good or bad.
Adam turned in his rental car and caught the shuttle to the airport terminal. The driver dropped him off across the street from where he’d rented the charter. A few minutes after that, his plane left and he was on his way to Charleston and, from there, Canary Corners. When he landed in Charleston, he rented a car and drove the forty miles or so to Canary Corners. He spent the next few minutes driving around the town. He passed the newspaper office several times but didn’t stop. He wanted to look the town over a bit before he met with Larry.
Canary Corners seemed to be like thousands of other small towns across the country. It had a small downtown area with Brigman’s Furniture store, Harpman’s Department store, a number of boarded-up buildings that could’ve been anything in their heyday, and the First National Bank. Several typical strip malls were filled with hair salons, fast-food restaurants, payday loan shops, and tax accountants. He drove through a part of town that had new and used car lots, several of which seemed to be owned by the same person named Arthur. He drove by mom-and-pop-type restaurants, specialty stores of every description, and the post office. He found two small parks with children in swings and playing on various climbing apparatus. Both parks seemed to be in need of better care as the grass seemed to be overgrown and many weed patches were in evidence.
He finally found himself in front of the newspaper office again and pulled into the small lot. Inside the building, he greeted Judy, Larry’s wife. She jumped up and gave him a hug. She stood a little shorter than he and had a tendency to be a little on the plump side. She frequently complained about always having to be on a diet. “So the cheapskate has you working for him, too. I don’t suppose he’s paying you anything, either?” Adam said.
“Yes, he is. He’s paying me quite well, actually. He can deduct it as a business expense.”
“Trust Larry to find the loopholes.”
“When you own the business, you’ve got to do whatever you can as long as it’s legal.” She shook her head as if she finally realized who stood before her. “What are you doing here, Adam? I thought you were in Mexico.”
“Didn’t Larry tell you I had to come back because my mother had a relapse?”
She smacked herself on the forehead. “That’s right, he did. I forgot. I trust you’re here to see the big man.”
“I am. He wants me to write a blog for him.”
“I know. We’ve talked about it and I think it’s a great idea.”
“To change the subject, what’s Canary Corners like? I drove around a bit before coming to the office, but I have no feel for the town yet. Do you like it? Do you miss Chicago?”
“The answer to the first question is it’s like about any other little town in America. The people are mostly friendly, but, according to Larry, a lot of them seem a bit shy speaking to a reporter. Not all of them, of course. There are always a few who want their fifteen minutes of fame. The answer to the second question is yes, I like it here. I might even say I love it here. I miss some parts of Chicago, but I certainly don’t miss the traffic and the masses of people on the streets. It’s nice to be able to walk down the street and not be constantly jostled.”
“I’ll probably like that, too. It turned out to be rather refreshing in Mexico. Where I stayed, most of the time, there weren’t a lot of people around.”
“It’s nice to talk to you again, but you probably want to see Larry.”
He nodded.
She picked up the phone, pushing a speed dial button. “Larry. You’ll never guess who’s here.” She listened for a few seconds and then hung up. “He cheated. He happened to be looking out the window when you got out of your car. He’s ready to see you. The office is straight back.” She indicated a glass room with the door closed and the blinds all the way down.
“Still likes his isolation, I see.”
“Yeah. He won’t even let me open the shades in his home office, though he could really use some sun. Maybe you can talk him out from behind that desk into the light of day.”
“I can try. But we’ll see.” Adam walked through the opening in the half-height partition that acted as a gateway to the back.
When he opened the door and entered Larry’s office, Larry immediately got up, reaching to shake Adam’s hand. “Since you’re here, I’d guess your mother’s doing better.”
“Not really. But she’s not doing any worse and she kicked my sister and me out of town. I think she had grown tired of us hanging around.”
“I’m sorry to hear that she’s not doing any better, but I’m glad she had the wherewithal to kick you out. Did you tell her what you’re going to do for me?”
“Now wait a minute—that hasn’t been decided yet.”
“But I thought you liked the idea.”
“I do, but we have some details to work out.”
“Which are?”
“To begin with, I want to make sure we’re agreed if I do this blog, I can write anything I darn well please.”
“We’re agreed and because I’m not going to be paying you, we won’t have any kind of contract. Therefore, you can quit any time you choose if I don’t live up to my end of the bargain.”
“A bargain for you to be sure. You get the use of my endless talents and you don’t have to pay a penny.”
“I never claimed it wouldn’t be a good deal for me and my paper. But I also think you’re too darn good a reporter to rest on your laurels. You’ll want to see your name in print or in cyberspace, as it were.”
“Okay. You don’t have to hurt your back bending over to flatter me. I’ll write the blog for you.”
“Good…” Larry said and then Alex, the reporter Larry brought with him from Chicago, stuck his head in the office and said, “Adam. When did you get into town?”
“A few minutes ago.” He stretched out his hand and Alex shook it warmly. “I must admit being surprised when Larry told me he talked you into coming out here in the middle of nowhere.”
Larry looked at him askance, but Alex didn’t give Larry the chance to say a thing. “Larry already told me he told you I asked him to let me come out here and work for him. Becky wanted nothing more to do with Chicago, especially when she found out about her pregnancy.”
“Speaking of that,” Adam said. “How is she and how’s your little boy?”
“Becky and my son Andrew are fine. She had no complications with the pregnancy whatsoever.”
“That’s great. How do you like being a daddy?”
“I love it. Andy’s the most…He’s such a good… I can’t tell you…”
“Do I detect a note of excitement?”
“You do indeed,” Alex said. “I don’t think I’ve ever been quite this excited about anything else.”
“And how do you feel about my joining the newspaper?”
“I couldn’t be more thrilled. I’m looking forward to learning a lot from you.”
“From what I remember, you don’t have a lot of learning to do. You’re one heck of a fine reporter.”
“I thank you for that, but I know it’s not true. Not that I don’t think I’m a good reporter—I am—but everyone can still learn a lot. I hope I never stop learning.”
“Well said,” Larry said. “Anybody hungry?”
“I could eat,” Alex said.
“So could I,” Adam said. “But first I need to talk to you two.”
“Oh?” Larry said.
“Yeah. It’s about the blog. I’ve given it a lot of thought and unless you have some objection, I’d like to call the blog Ram’s Ramblings.”
“I have no objection,” Larry said. “But where did that come from?”
“I still don’t want anyone knowing who I really am—I don’t want to become a finder again. Therefore, I need some type of nom de plume and I came up with the name Robert Adam Madigan, which of course gives us the acronym of Ram. I used Adam as my fake middle name in case someone slips and calls me Adam. I came up with an explanation for that. The story is that when I attended high school, I ran with a bunch of kids, several of whom were Robert and others Bob. I had them use my middle name and it stuck. Now the people who know me from high school know me as Adam rather than Robert and definitely not as Ram, although, that’s what I’ll tell people in town to call me and want you to do the same.”
“Pretty imaginative,” Larry said. “I like Ram’s Ramblings for the name of the blog. I think something like that could really catch on. I can also use it as the name of your column when I choose to print what you’ve written in the paper.”
“Good,” Adam said. “Now that that’s settled, let’s go grab something to eat.”
“How about we go to Ariel’s Place?” Alex said.
“Sounds fine to me,” Larry said.
Adam looked curious, so Larry added, “It’s a small truck-stop-type restaurant, but the food’s good and the service is excellent.”
“Sounds good to me,” Adam said. “Let’s go. Why don’t we take my car? That way you can guide me and I can learn a little bit more about Podunk City.”
“Better not let anybody else hear you say that,” Larry said. “They take the Canary Corners name rather seriously.”
“I stand before you a chastened man.” Adam hung his head slowly, shaking it.
“You kid, but I’m serious. You won’t win any popularity contests calling Canary Corners Podunk City. I think it’s important you get off on the right foot with the people in the town.”
“Okay,” Adam said. “I get the message. Canary Corners it is. And the newspaper—is it still called the Tweet?”
“It is. This newspaper’s been in existence for over one hundred years with the same name and I didn’t think it prudent to change it. I would’ve probably antagonized some of the subscribers. Some of them have been subscribers for fifty or more years.”
“You’re right, of course. No sense in ticking people off. I’m sure I’ll get used to calling the paper the Tweet, even though I still think it’s a silly name.”
“I wouldn’t disagree, but let’s cut the chitchat and go to lunch.” Larry led the way out the door, walking directly to Adam’s rental car. He knew which car Adam had rented because he’d seen Adam get out of his minivan earlier.
They all climbed in and Adam stopped before he pulled out of the parking lot. “Right or left?”
“Right,” Larry said. “Then another right at the first stoplight.” He continued to give directions until they pulled up in front of a small restaurant with a large parking lot housing several eighteen-wheelers. A large sign on the roof of the restaurant flashed the name Ariel’s Place.
As soon as they set foot inside the front door, Adam saw Larry get enveloped by two arms large enough to be legs. They were attached to the shoulders of one of the largest women Adam could ever remember seeing. “Larry, my favorite newspaperman. How you doing, sweetie?” she said.
Larry struggled free. “Ariel, I’ve told you not to do that. I’m married and if my wife finds out about you, she’ll shoot me.” He turned to Adam. “Ariel, I’d like you to meet one of my oldest friends, Ram. He’s going to join us at the newspaper and write a blog for us. Ram, I’d like you to meet Ariel, the best cook in this whole state.”
“Ram?”
“My real name is Robert Adam Madigan, but I insist my friends call me Ram,” Adam said.
“I get it. I’d be proud to call you Ram because I hope we’ll be friends.”
“I’m sure we will.”
Ariel turned to the inside of the restaurant. “Let’s see if we can’t find a table for you three.” Adam noted how that wouldn’t be any problem, because there were a number of empty tables in the restaurant. She indicated they should sit at one of the tables by the wall of windows, so they did. She handed each of them a menu, wandering away without another word.
Adam only glanced at the menu. “If the food’s so good here, why is the restaurant basically empty?”
“Because the noon-time crowd hasn’t arrived yet,” Larry said. “If we would’ve arrived later, we wouldn’t even have been able to get into the parking lot.”
“Okay,” Adam said. “What’s good here, Larry?”
“To be honest, everything I’ve had here has been good. If you’re really hungry, I recommend a steak. Their steaks are as big as the plates. They’re so big, in fact, they have to bring the potatoes and veggies on a separate plate.”
“Sounds good,” Adam said. “I didn’t have time for much breakfast.”
When Ariel came back to their table with glasses of water, Adam ordered a T-bone steak, Alex ordered the sirloin, but Larry ordered prime rib.
“And to drink, gentlemen?” Ariel asked.
“Sweetwater all around,” Larry said.
“Sweetwater?” Adam said when Ariel had moved away.
“Sweetwater’s a very popular drink hereabouts. It’s basically mineral water with a sweet taste. It has a history that I thought might be good fodder for your first blog.”
“I thought we were agreed that I got to pick what I want to write about.”
“You do, but I thought writing about Sweetwater would be a good way to get started.”
“Okay. You may be right. Tell me.”
“I don’t claim to be an expert but basically the story is there’s a mineral spring somewhere south of here that comes out of the ground extremely hot. A lot of years ago, a couple of sugar beets were accidentally dropped into the water. It made the water sweet, so they started selling it as Sweetwater. Now the town where it’s produced is actually called Sweetwater.”
Adam looked thoughtful for a moment. “I have to admit that does sound rather intriguing and a story about Sweetwater might make a good general interest piece.”
“As I said, I think it’d be a good way to get started because it’ll help you get familiar with the area and you can always interview various people to get more of the story.”
“Now are you going to tell me how to be a reporter?”
“Of course not. I’ve been helping the young reporters on the newspaper figure out what to do for the last year. I guess it’s become habit to pass my experience along. I know you have your own experience as broad as mine and I don’t need to do that for you.”
“He even does that to me every once in a while,” Alex said. He’d been quiet while Larry and Adam bantered back and forth.
“I have to admit I do,” Larry said. “I’m trying to cut back by becoming more of a publisher rather than an editor, but I’ve been an editor for so long I can’t break the habit of wearing that hat as well. I really can’t help myself. Besides, I don’t have another editor. I have to do just about everything at the Tweet.”
“Speaking of the paper,” Adam said, “what kind of competition do you have locally?”
“Not all that much. There are a couple of other local papers, but as you might expect, their writing’s not the best.”
“I don’t expect your readers are Phi Beta Kappa’s either,” Adam said.
“True, but that’s no reason to have mistakes throughout the articles.”
“Okay,” Adam said, “I didn’t want a review; I just wanted to know about the competition.”
“As you might expect, Charleston has a paper, the Times Argus. The town of Frozenville has the Thaw, whose caption is ‘Let our news warm you.’”
“That’s almost as cute as the Tweet,” Adam said sarcastically.
“Don’t be a wise guy. I told you before I didn’t give the newspaper its name. The third more-or-less local paper is the Bear Cave Torch, with the caption ‘Let our news light your way.’”
“Cuter and cuter. Honestly, Larry, how much competition are they?”
“Apparently, not much. We’ve increased the readership of the Tweet fourfold since I took over. I guess we took some of the other paper’s customers.”
“Well, hopefully my column and blog will help increase your circulation even more.”
“I’m certain they will. That’s why I hired you.”
“I really wish you wouldn’t use that term. Hiring denotes payment and we both know you’re not paying me.”
“Do you really want to be paid?”
“You know that’s beside the point.”
“All right, I’ll try to keep from saying anything about you actually working for the paper.”
“So, what I do isn’t work, huh?”
“Now who’s being nitpicky?”
Chapter 9
The next day, Adam decided he had to deposit the cashier’s check he’d brought from Mexico in the local bank. He needed to establish a checking account and get some cash. He went to the bank he’d run across the day before and asked to see an officer. A teller took him into the president’s office.
After shaking the president’s hand and being sure the door to his office had been closed, Adam sat in front of the president’s desk. “Good morning. My name is Paul Harvard and as you no doubt surmised, I’m the president of the bank. What can I do for you, sir?”
Adam sat in front of a man about fifty with salt-and-pepper hair and a rather large, graying mustache. “I have quite a bit of money to deposit in your bank if I can trust you to keep a very important secret for me. If I can’t, I’ll have to find another bank to do business with, even if my secret means going to another town.”
A look of distress passed over the banker’s face before he broke into a big smile. Adam’s reporter’s eyes could detect a note of phoniness in the smile. “You can trust me. I’ve been president of this bank for the last ten years and a vice president for fifteen years before that and have never divulged anybody’s secrets. My father had been president for twenty years, and his father, my grandfather, for fifty before him.”
“Please understand I’m not going to ask you to do anything illegal. It’s not a secret of criminal activity like money laundering or some such, either. It’s a secret I don’t want anyone in town to know.”
“As I said, you can trust me.”
“Okay. But if any of what I’m going to tell you leaks out, I’ll know who leaked it.” Adam said the last for emphasis because he could tell Paul believed everything he said. He knew he could trust Paul to keep his secret.
“I don’t know what else I can tell you except you can trust me.”
“All right, but the trust does remain to be seen.”
Paul frowned as if he’d been slapped in the face.
“My name is to be Robert Adam Madigan, or Ram, to everyone here in town. However, my real name is Adam Martin Swope. Is that name familiar to you?”
“I think I’ve heard the name, but I can’t place it.”
“Do you remember a few years ago when someone won two big lotteries back-to-back? Adam Martin Swope did that and that’s me.”
“And that’s the secret you need me to keep?”
“It is. I don’t want anyone to know who I really am. As I said, according to this town, I’m going to be Robert Adam Madigan or Ram. So, if you happen to see me on the street, you need to call me Ram like, hopefully, everyone else will do.”
“No problem, I can do that. Now, what can I do for you today, Ram?” Paul smiled as if to say, “See, I can call you Ram.”
“I have a rather large check from a bank in Mexico to deposit.”
Paul held up his hand, palm facing Adam, in the universal stop signal. “If the check is from Mexico, the funds won’t be available for three days. The check has to be cleared first.”
“I thought as much. How would it be if we also transfer some funds from a bank in Chicago? Would that give me some cash today?”
“It will. If you can give me the name of the bank and the number of your account, I can arrange the transfer.” Adam wrote the name of the bank and transferred the account number from a little book he carried the account information in to the piece of paper.
Paul looked at it. “How much do you want to transfer?”
“I think one hundred thousand dollars. That should give me enough mad money to get started here in Canary Corners, especially when combined with the other two hundred thirty thousand from Mexico I’m going to deposit, if, as you say, it’ll be cleared in three days.”
“I’d certainly think that will be enough. Canary Corners isn’t like the big city where you need a lot of money to survive. That money will be enough for you to live quite comfortably for many years or as long as you choose to stay in Canary Corners.” Paul looked thoughtful. “Are you going to want to transfer additional funds from Chicago or is this all of your money, if I may ask?”
“I think that’s a perfectly legitimate question. I think I’ll limit the amount of my deposits here to what we’ve already discussed for the time being. I do have more money and I’ll transfer more funds when I think I need them, if I ever do.”
“Okay. If you’ll give me a few minutes, I’ll arrange for the transfer. Do you have some identification with which I can open your account?”
“I assume the account can be in the name of Robert Adam Madigan rather than my real name. I don’t want anyone else in the bank to see my real name. I don’t care, however, if they know that I’m…ah…well off, but I don’t want them to know who I really am. As a matter of fact, I’d appreciate it if you’d start the ball rolling by letting someone—someone who’s an integral part of the local grapevine—know the bank has a new customer that’s pretty well off. The story I want circulated is I invested wisely during the dot-com boom and got out before the fall. That’s where my money supposedly came from.”
Paul looked thoughtful for a second and then said, “I can tell my wife to spread the news. She has several friends she can tell, who’ll spread the information so virtually everyone in town will know in a couple of days—or maybe sooner. I do want you to know, however, that Debbie, my wife, never divulges anything I tell her, unless I tell her it’s okay to pass the information around. After all, not all the information that passes through a bank is confidential, especially not a rural bank. People will come in here talking about just about anything to just about anybody and don’t expect what they’re saying not to be spread around because they no doubt heard the information from somebody else anyway.”
Adam nodded. “I understand. In my case, that’ll be a good thing, because, as I said, I want it known.”
“Well, it’ll definitely happen if I tell Debbie to make sure to pass it around. To answer your earlier question, I’m sorry, but because of banking regulations, your account will have to be in your official name. However, I can handle all your banking transactions personally and no one else needs to see your real name.”
“I guess that’ll work as long as you can assure me no one will see my real name.”
“As I said, I’ll take care of you personally to avoid that happening.”
“Can I ask you something?”
“Of course.”
“I’m curious why you want it known that you’re well off.”
“You can say rich. I don’t mind.”
“Okay. I’m curious why you want it known that you’re rich.”
“Contrary to the fact that I’m going to put three hundred thirty thousand dollars in your bank, I’m actually rather frugal by nature. I don’t need a lot of money to get by. Because I’m going to live in this town, I’d very much like to help any needy people in the town and surrounding area. Naturally, I’ll donate to some of the local charities, but I’d like to go beyond that. I want to set up some type of foundation to distribute the money.”
“That’s a wonderful idea, but I can see you getting overwhelmed by what’s needed in this area. You’ll probably be getting literally hundreds of visits, phone calls, letters, and e-mails.”
Adam nodded in agreement. “My turn. Can I ask you a question?”
“Sure, anything.”
“Do you know someone, fairly intelligent, in need of a job? As you just pointed out, I’m going to need someone to filter all the requests I’m going to be getting.”
“As a matter of fact, I do.” Paul smiled. “You may see this as a bit self-serving, but my wife got laid off from her job as confidential secretary to the president of a large firm near here a few months ago. She used to do his paperwork and filtering of his e-mails, letters, and phone calls and had the responsibility for all his appointments.”
“She sounds as if she might fill the bill. Does she want another job? And probably just as important, will she be able to keep my secret.”
He nodded. “Our two kids are grown. One is in college and the other is already out in the workforce. She stayed home for a few months after both the kids were gone, complaining about how bored she’d become. She volunteered at the church and did other things, but she still felt bored. That’s when she went out and got the job as the confidential secretary. So yes, she definitely wants another job. And, in her last job, she held all confidences required, so you’ll be able to trust her to keep yours.”
“How much did she make as a secretary? This job probably won’t pay a huge salary. I haven’t given salary a lot of thought, but it’ll probably be a pretty easy job, though the job might be kind of hard on the emotions. I’ll expect the person in the job to select which sob story to believe and which not to believe and which to suggest for support and which ones we should not. She’ll have to filter through all the requests, selecting only the most worthy to discuss with me. I, of course, will have the final say.”
“I’m sure whatever salary you decide on would be perfectly fine with Debbie. It’s not a money issue at all. I’m president of this bank, after all. I’ll let you and her work that out if, in fact, you decide to hire her.”
“Sounds good. When would she be able to meet with me for an interview?”
“I prefer letting her work that out with you as well. Whatever day and time you decide on will probably be okay with her—she’s home most of the time. By the way, you should know Debbie grew up here and has been here most of her life. She knows most people hereabouts. That’ll probably be advantageous for the filtering that’s going to need to be done.”
“You’re probably right about that. Got a piece of paper?” Paul handed him a piece of paper and a pen. “Here’s my cell number. Why don’t you tell her what I have in mind and what she might be facing and have her call me if she’s at all interested. I’m sure we’ll be able to make some kind of arrangement to meet.”
“I’ll do that. And now?” Adam handed Paul his identification with which the account could be opened and the transfer of funds could be accomplished.
Adam walked out of the bank with his money deposited and a fair amount of cash in his wallet. He would have to use cash for everything since checks would’ve required his real name. For any purchase larger than he could pay for with cash, he would have to use the credit card he still had from his life in Chicago. If he did have to make such a purchase, however, he would have to do it somewhere besides Canary Corners, however. Hopefully, the banker would live up to his word and Adam could continue to hide.
Next, Adam followed Larry’s advice and rented a furnished apartment on the top floor of the ancient Canary House. He’d looked around the apartment before he got his money to pay the rent. He paid the first month’s rent with cash. He was now making his second visit to the apartment. He liked the layout with doors on either end into the kitchen area, an adequate bedroom, and furnishings that were nicely color-coordinated and comfortable. In the bedroom, he stored most of the meager belongings he’d brought back from Mexico in the single dresser and closet. The double closet held a few pairs of slacks and three dress shirts. His clothes looked almost lonely there.
He knew the one dresser and closet would suffice considering he didn’t have or need a lot of possessions. His parents had taught him that as he grew up. His mother had told him they always kept their possessions to a minimum in case they had to pack up and leave in a hurry. Following his parent’s’ example, he never owned much when he lived in New York and Chicago. He lived in a furnished apartment in both places. He did, however, have a few more clothes, a few boxes of books, a box or two of important papers such as tax returns and the like, a rather sophisticated music setup, a nice computer that he’d now need to write the blog, and various pots, pans, silverware, and dishes. All of these things had been put in a storage unit in Chicago when he decided to go to Mexico. The music system had cost a great deal of money and the computer system cost a bit as well as he bought the latest and greatest at the time. He splurged on both of these systems after he’d won the lotteries. He had to talk long and harsh to himself to force himself to buy what he wanted, in the case of the music system, and needed, in the case of the computer system.
He sat on the bed long enough to surmise the mattress would have to go. It had lumps, spots that were too soft, and it sagged in the middle. The apartment manager had given him permission to replace anything he wanted, as long as the new item or items remained in the apartment when he left, as he would have, no doubt, given away or thrown out the old items.
After unpacking, he decided to go out for lunch. When he went out in the hall to catch the elevator, he had to pull up abruptly to avoid colliding with a tiny wisp of a woman who looked to be in her mid to late sixties or early seventies. She had white hair, with a few streaks of what Adam assumed to be her original color, a pleasant face with only a few smile creases around her eyes, and an almost emaciated body.
“Hello,” she said. “I assume you’re the new man in 3A?”
“I am.”
“Welcome to the Cat House.” She held out her scrawny hand and he shook it, being careful not to squeeze for fear of crushing her bones. “I’m Livinia Blossom.”
“Thank you. Glad to be here. I’m Robert Adam Madigan, but my friends call me Ram and I hope you’ll become one of them.”
“Ain’t you nice? So you’re the new rich man in town.”
Adam had to smile at the speed of the Canary Corners grapevine. Paul told him his information would be circulated quickly, but this probably exceeded even his expectations. “I am. But how do you know that?”
“A friend told me. I don’t know where she heard it. She told me you put a lot of money in the bank.”
“I did.” He leaned down to whisper in her ear. “Don’t tell anybody, but I robbed a bank in Charleston.”
Livinia looked him up and down, consternation creasing her face. Then she noticed his disarming smile and her mouth widened into a grin, showing slightly yellowed teeth. “I know you’re funning me.”
“I am. Actually, my money comes from lucky investments over the last couple of years.”
“So you got rich from that dot-com thing.”
 “I did, but I’m surprised you know what that is.”
“Why? All WCAX talked about was how some people were getting rich and others were going broke.”
“True enough.” He assumed WCAX to be a local television station. He became a little concerned. They’d been standing in the hallway for several minutes and she looked so frail, he thought she might faint any minute. “Are you okay? Do you need to sit down?”
“I’m fine. I know I look old, but I feel young.”
“I can see that. But I have a question, if it’s okay.”
She nodded. “Ask anything you want.”
“Did I hear you call this place the Cat House? I thought everyone knew it as the Canary House.”
“It is. Cat House is what those who’ve been here a long time call it.” She lowered her voice to an almost conspiratorial whisper, even though no one had come into the hall to overhear. “This place, a long time ago, used to be a…I think the nice thing to call it is a brothel, and it had the name the Cat House.”
“It did?” he said. “I had no idea.”
“Yeah. The new owners bought it in the twenties, renamed it, changed it from rooms to apartments, and added another floor. The house had just two floors at first. They had a lot of trouble—in addition to adding the floors, they had to tear down walls, put in kitchens, and put in more bathrooms. They ripped out wallpaper and painted most everything.”
“How do you know all this, if you don’t mind my asking?”
“I don’t mind. I know, because my daddy told me. He worked for the new owners from the start, clear to the end. They liked his work so much they gave him the job as maintenance man. It came with the apartment I’m still in. When Daddy died, they promised to keep the rent low enough so my mother and I could afford it. Good thing, too, because I live on the government dole.” He could see no shame on her face, only fact. “My mother died about twenty years ago. What do you do, Mr. Ram?”
“Just Ram, please. I’m a reporter and I’m going to write for the Tweet.”
“Is that a fact?” She seemed excited at the prospect. “What do you write?”
“I’m going to write general interest pieces.”
“That’s nice. Maybe you can write about the Cat House.”
“I might, if you don’t think people would be offended.”
“Why should they be as long as you stick to the truth? Most people around here know the story, anyway.”
“I’ll have to talk the story over with my editor, but a story about Canary House might be the type of general interest story that he’d be interested in.”
“One other thing,” she whispered. “This place is haunted.”
He had to choke back a laugh. “Haunted?”
“Yeah. A couple, ah…ladies were killed in a bad way. Also, there was a gunfight in the lobby. Two guys wanted the same woman.”
“So there are ghosts of the ladies and of the gunfighter who was killed.”
“That’s right. I haven’t seen them, but others have. Some more than once. But there’s no worry up here. They only haunt the lower floors because that’s where they were killed.”
“More information from your father?”
“Some and some from others. Lots of parents and grandparents of the people that live here now, lived here first.”
“Well, Miss Blossom, or is it Mrs.?”
“Just Livinia, please, and it’s Miss. I never got married.” She winked. “Not that there weren’t offers.”
“Of that I’m sure,” he said.
“You’re just being nice again. I know you can’t tell, but I used to be pretty.”
“I can see that. Maybe if I write one or more articles about Canary House or Cat House, if you will, you can lend me some pictures of you and your family to use.”
“I’d be happy to. I have lots of me, some of me and Daddy and Mommy, and some with my brother, too.”
“Brother? Does he still live around here, too?”
“No. I had an older brother but he died in a coal mine explosion back in…” she seemed to think for a moment, “forty-two. No wait, it was forty-three. He was eighteen and I was twelve. I’m seventy-one now.”
“You must take good care of yourself because you certainly don’t look seventy-one.”
She showed her yellowed smile. “You’re nice. But I’d better get on my way. I have a lunch date with my latest beau.”
“Well, I won’t ask any more questions then. I wouldn’t want to keep you from your date.” He smiled, pushing the button for the elevator. They could hear the elevator creaking and groaning as it worked its way to the top floor. When the doors opened, Adam gave a small bow, Livinia entered the elevator, and he followed.
“All the way down?” he said.
“Please.”
They rode down in silence. When the elevator door opened, with a squeak and a squeal, he said, “It was very nice meeting you, Livinia. I hope we have many more conversations. It was very pleasant.”
She smiled. “I liked it, too. Would you like to come to supper? I don’t cook too well, but I do make a mean grilled cheese sandwich and I can boil soup.”
“I love grilled cheese sandwiches and I thank you for the invitation, but, unfortunately, I’m on my way to Chicago for a few days to get some things out of storage to have them shipped here.”
“You’re from Chicago?”
“I am. That’s where I worked for Larry Archibald, my editor here. He hired me to come out here and work for him.”
“Look at me. I’m starting again. You’d best be on your way before I talk your ear off.”
“With that,” he gave another small bow, “I bid you a fond farewell.”
She did a short curtsy and said, “I’m sure I’ll see you again soon.”
They walked through the front door, where she turned right while he turned left toward the parking lot. He drove to the post office and filled out the necessary paperwork to establish his mail delivery to Canary House. Afterwards, he drove straight to the newspaper office. “Larry,” he said as he went into Larry’s office, “I thought I’d better tell you I’m going to be out of town for a while. I’m going to Chicago to have the rest of my stuff shipped here. But first I have a question.”
“Shoot.”
“Are you going to sit there and tell me you didn’t know the Canary House started life as the Cat House?”
“Of course I’m not. But how did you find out so soon?”
“I ran into one of my neighbors and she gave me the whole story. I think a Ram’s Ramblings blog about the Cat House would make interesting copy.”
“I agree. Did your neighbor tell you about the ghosts?”
“She did. Apparently, a couple of the ladies of the evening, as it were, were killed plying their trade and two gunfighters had a gunfight in the lobby of the house.”
“That’s what I’ve heard. I know you don’t believe in ghosts, but I imagine a lot of the people in the apartments have interesting stories to tell about the ghosts they’ve supposedly seen, and probably a lot of other stories as well.”
“I’ve already gotten Livinia Blossom, my neighbor, to agree to let me write an article about her and her family. Her father helped convert the Cat House to the Canary House and she’s been living there ever since.”
“Definitely sounds like fodder for your blog.”
“I think so. Now I’d better be on my way to the airport. My plane from Charleston leaves in about five hours, but I forgot my bag at my apartment and I need to go get it. Besides, it’ll take a while to get to the airport and I have to turn in my rental car.”
“Speaking of that, how are you getting back here from the airport when you come back from Chicago?”
“I thought I’d take a taxi.”
“Are you crazy? That would cost a bloody fortune.”
“I know. I thought about getting another rental car, but I thought this time I’d rent one in Canary Corners and keep the money here locally. The rental company here has an outlet at the airport, so when I have to go back to Maine, I can just drop the rental off there. Got any other suggestions?”
“One or two. I know one thing for sure, there’s no sense in wasting that kind of money. Why don’t you call from Chicago and tell me when your flight gets in? I’ll pick you up.”
“Are you sure, Larry? Charleston is quite a drive.”
“I’m sure. There’s no sense in wasting money on a taxi all the way from Charleston and back, of course. I’m sure you could find a lot of other uses for that money.”
“Like?”
Larry smiled. “Like throwing a party for the Tweet staff.”
“That sounds like an excellent idea. It’ll give me a chance to get to know the staff. Why don’t you make arrangements while I’m gone and we can have the party when I come back?”
“I can do that. But now, you’d better be on your way.”
Adam glanced at his watch. “Yes. I suppose I’d better.” Without another word, he turned, heading for the front door.
Before going back to Canary House to pick up the carry-on suitcase he’d packed earlier, Adam thought he’d better get some food. He stopped by a grocery store and got some of his favorites, including several TV dinners. He also picked up a case of bottles of Sweetwater. When he finished, he dropped his groceries at Canary House and picked up his bag before heading to the Charleston airport.
Chapter 10
True to his word, Adam called Larry when he finished arranging the shipment of his things to Canary Corners and gave him the flight information for his trip back to Charleston. Larry met him at the baggage carousel, but they didn’t have to wait for any bags as he’d only taken a carry-on bag to Chicago.
“When will your stuff be arriving?” Larry said after they’d gotten into the car.
“In about a week. The guys I hired to haul my things out here were going to be busy for a few days. They’ll be on the road when they’re done with their other jobs.”
“You found someone you could trust?”
“I did. I hired the same group that my mother and sister hired to move them out to Maine. They told me the guys did a wonderful job. They packed everything in boxes, loaded the truck, drove the truck out to Maine, unloaded it, and unpacked the boxes. Though my mother and sister looked carefully, they couldn’t find any damage and nothing ended up missing. I think my stuff will arrive just fine. Besides, I don’t have anything breakable except my music and computer systems and, supposedly, these guys are experts at handling electronics. I’m even going to hire them to set the systems up when they arrive.”
“Sounds like a plan. You never were very technically savvy.” Larry pulled up to the booth where he could pay for his time in the lot.
“Now let’s not be nasty.”
“Not nasty, just truthful.”
Adam had to reluctantly agree. He knew he generally did have trouble at the initial setup, but once he had it set up, he knew how to operate all the equipment. Working on newspapers for many years had taught him the techniques of research and of using a computer. All he had to learn after that were the search techniques required for the Internet. That turned out to be easier than many people make it out to be.
They engaged in meaningless prattle about the weather and other trivial items until Adam asked, “When’s the party going to be?”
“I thought Saturday would be best. We only put the paper out on Monday, Wednesday, and Friday, so most everyone has little or nothing to do on Saturday. All right with you?”
“Sure. Whatever you’ve arranged will be fine.” Adam’s knowledge of his old friend made him broach the next subject. “I hope you weren’t too cheap with refreshments for the party. I told you I’d pay for anything anyone could want.”
“I had no trouble splurging when I’m spending your money, though I have to admit I cringed at some of the prices. I passed around a survey to enable everyone to write what they wanted with the exception of caviar and super-expensive champagne.”
“I hope the champagne you bought cost more than a dollar a bottle.”
“No champagne I know of can be bought for a dollar a bottle. And you can stop with the wisecracks, because the champagne I bought for the party was the brand voted on by everyone. It’s champagne that’s actually made in Canada. I’ve had it before and it really is good.”
“Okay, I’ll take your word for it. What else are we having?”
“Several different kinds of hors d’oeuvres, the little barbecued weenies I know you like, about ten kinds of cheese and crackers, Sweetwater for those who don’t like or want champagne, Scotch and vodka along with mixers, and about five kinds of pies, including lemon meringue and coconut cream.”
“Yum. Now shut up, you’re making me hungry.”
“Speaking of that, would you like to stop for lunch before we leave the city?”
“Not a bad idea. Know any good places?”
“A few. What’re you in the mood for?”
“How about a salad? I’ve been eating pretty high off the hog and if we’re going to have all that food at the party, I think it might be a good idea to slow down a bit, or I’m going to end up looking like Ariel.”
“Now, no fair picking on Ariel. She can’t help how she looks.”
“Oh, I don’t know about that. Most obese people I’ve met are their own worst enemies. Considering she’s such a wonderful cook, I have a hunch she samples her cooking more than she should.”
“Yeah, she probably does. But that doesn’t make her any less lovable. She’s really a wonderful person.”
“I thought that when we ate at the restaurant and I really didn’t mean to be derogatory—she’s the only one I could think of right off the top of my head for my analogy.”
“Okay, I’ll let your comments pass, but I’m warning you. You’d better be careful who you say stuff like that to in Canary Corners. Most people there are not as tolerant as I am.”
“I’ll be careful.” They drifted into silence until Larry pulled up in front of the restaurant where they were going to eat. Much to Adam’s surprise, Larry ordered a salad as well.

When Adam walked into the newspaper office for the party, he immediately spied Larry and Alex. Larry had a highball glass and grabbed a fork from the table to knock against the glass. Everyone grew quiet. “I want you all to make welcome the benefactor of this party, Robert Adam Madigan, who’s better known as Ram. I’ve hired him to write a blog for us.”
Everyone applauded, which didn’t surprise Adam at all because most reporters were notorious freeloaders. Adam acknowledged the applause with a small bow. Adam nodded, smiling at Judy, currently filling a plate with finger food.
Larry grabbed Adam gently by the arm and guided him to a very attractive twenty-something with shiny blonde tresses halfway down her back. “Ram, I’d like you to meet Miss Heather Brigman. She sells ads and does a heck of a good job. We’ve been in the black virtually from the first day I hired her.”
Adam smiled, shaking the proffered hand. “Pleased to meet you, Heather. May I call you Heather?”
“What else would you call me?” she said with a wink and a smile.
“Brigman... I saw a furniture store when I first came to town called Brigman’s.”
“My father’s store,” she said. “He stocks the finest furniture in seven counties.”
“Now, none of your sales pitches. It’s a party,” Larry said.
“Sorry. It’s an occupational hazard. I work in the furniture store part-time. After all, a part-time job here doesn’t pay that well.”
“That’s all right,” Adam said. “I understand family loyalty. And I certainly understand why you would need to supplement your income considering you’re working for this tightwad.” He smiled at Larry. “Actually, I’m glad you’re here because I need a new mattress. Your father sells mattresses, doesn’t he?”
“Absolutely. He sells about every brand imaginable. You should be able to find whatever you need.”
“Okay. Who do we have here?”
A very tall, slim, athletic-looking man had sauntered up. “Hi, Ram. I’m Tom Stevens. I’m the sports reporter.”
“I’ll bet you are. You look like you participate in a lot of sports, too. How tall are you, if I may ask?”
“I don’t mind you asking. I’m six feet-eight and, yes, I do still play sports. I played basketball and baseball in high school and basketball in college. Now I keep busy with my bike and playing softball when it’s in season. Unfortunately, softball season ended a few weeks ago. I also play some pickup basketball at the high school whenever I can.” He looked Adam up and down. “You don’t look in bad shape yourself. Do you play basketball?”
“I’ve played a little, but it’s been a while. Give me a call sometime when you need a rank amateur for one of your teams. I might be willing to take a shot or two. As for being in shape, that’s a lucky benefit of heredity. I do very little exercising.”
“One would never know it by looking at you.”
“How about golf? Do you play? You didn’t mention it,” Adam said.
“Of course I play golf; I’m actually pretty good, if I do say so myself. With my height, I can hit the ball a long way. It doesn’t always go where I want it to go, but it usually goes a long way.”
“I think all golfers have that problem. Even the pros don’t get it precisely where they want it all the time. If they did, there’d be a lot more holes-in-one and no balls in the water hazards. Is there a local course? I’ve been through most of the town, but not all of it.”
“Canary Corners doesn’t have a course, but Bear Cave has a pretty good one. It’s not the best, but it’s okay. Sometimes in the spring, they have some winter kill. There are a bunch of courses in Charleston, but I prefer the local one most of the time because it doesn’t take as long to get there and the players are generally not as slow as in Charleston. My girl doesn’t like me to play at all and the extra time it takes to get to Charleston is a sore spot. Besides, I belong to a club at the course in Bear Cave. If you’d like to play, my membership lets me bring a guest and you can play for half-price.”
“Half-price is good. I’ll be sure to get with you after my clubs arrive from Chicago and I’ve hit the driving range a few times.”
“By the way, if you’re interested, the guys usually play a bit of poker after league play on Thursday. I’ve played a few times, but my girl doesn’t like poker, either.”
“What do they play for? I wouldn’t want to get taken.” Adam winked.
Tom smiled. Everyone at the paper knew Adam had lots of money. “Nickels, dimes, and quarters. The most I can remember anyone ever losing is about five bucks. It’s only for fun. Nobody’s ever very serious.”
“That’d probably be okay then.  Poker might be a good way to meet some of the locals.”
“It is,” Tom said.
“Thank you for letting me know all this. What else do you do, Tom? I’m sure you’re not working here full-time.”
“You’re right. I work construction on the side but it’s getting a bit late in the year. I still pick up the odd job now and again, but there really isn’t much new construction this time of year.”
Turning to Larry, Adam said, “Who else do we have here tonight?”
Larry walked him to a pretty, fortyish woman. “Hi, I’m Brenda McClung. I’m responsible for the local news.”
“Nice to meet you, Brenda. I’ll be sure to read your stuff to get the local flavor of Canary Corners.”
 “Let’s go,” Larry said. “I want to introduce you to the town’s police force, such as it is.”
Larry guided him to where three men were standing. “This is Sheriff Daniel Stibbens, the chief of police locally along with being the county sheriff.”
“Pleased to meet you, Ram.” Adam shook Daniel’s hand. The chief stood about five feet ten, his hairline had begun to recede, and he had a paunch that’d obviously seen too many doughnuts. “I hear tell you’re rich.”
“I see the Canary Corners grapevine has been busy.”
“I need to know about the people I’m supposed to be protecting, especially the rich ones. If this were anywhere else, they and you would have targets on your backs. Fortunately, we have very little crime hereabouts.”
“That’s nice to know because I’m going to be helping Alex with the crime beat.”
“I think the two of you will be bored if that’s all you’re reporting on.”
“It’s not. I’m also going to do some local color.”
“Sounds like fun,” Daniel said. “These two bums stuffing their faces are my two deputies, Eugene Lender and George Chapman, and this lovely lady is Patty Fisher, secretary at the police station.” Each of them nodded in turn with their forks poised in front of their mouths. Eugene stood a few inches taller than George but they both had the same type of muscular build. Patty, slightly shorter than George, also had a muscular build, as if she worked out with the two deputies.
“Glad to meet all of you. I hope we won’t be doing much business together.”
“I’m sure we all hope for that,” George said with a deep, raspy voice.
Larry guided him to a short, plump man. “This is Ralph Gibbon. He reports on national news for us. He’s also our photographer.”
He stuck out his chubby hand. Adam shook it, thinking how much it felt like uncooked hamburger. “Pleased to meet you, Ralph.”
“Likewise, I’m sure. Any idea what you’re going to write in your blog?”
“Not yet. Larry and I are still coming up with ideas. I moved into the Canary House and have heard the stories about how it started as the Cat House and that it’s supposed to be haunted.”
“I imagine everyone around here has heard that tale, but the Canary House isn’t the only place that supposed to be haunted.”
“Oh? Where else do things go bump in the night?”
“There’s a very old, abandoned hospital that’s supposed to be haunted by the ghosts of several dozen miners that were killed in a mine explosion back in hmmm…let me see…back in ’43, I think it was.”
“Would one of the miners killed happen to have had the last name of Blossom?”
“My. You do pick up on the local yarns quickly, don’t you?”
“My neighbor at Canary House just happens to be Livinia Blossom. She told me she had an older brother that was killed in a mine explosion back in ’43. It wasn’t too hard to connect the dots.”
Just then, the last person Adam had seen, but hadn’t yet met, walked up. “And here we have the lovely Melanie Crispin,” Larry said.
She had a small mouth, high cheekbones, dark hair to her shoulders, and a slim, compact figure covered by a dress of the very latest style that seemed to suit her well. Her smile seemed to light up the entire area. “So glad to meet you, Ram,” she gushed. “I cover the fashion and culinary beats for the Tweet.”
He looked her up and down appraisingly, wanting her to notice that he did so. “I can see that you’re very knowledgeable about what you write.”
“You like it? I got it at the store where I work in Charleston. It’s my mother’s shop. It’s the very latest Paris fashion. Or at least it’s a knockoff of a Paris fashion. I certainly couldn’t afford a real designer dress with what Larry pays.”
“Of that I’m certain. I’ve known this tightwad ever since grade school.”
“And you consented to work for him? Where were you before this?”
“Actually, I used to work for him in Chicago.”
“At the same time Alex worked for him?”
“That’s it. It surprised me when Larry told me Alex had moved out here. I would’ve thought he’d be too hungry to make a name for himself to move way out here.”
“What made you decide to move out here? I can’t believe you left Chicago. I’d love to be in Chicago or at least go to Chicago. I’m trying to talk either my mother or Larry into sending me to a fashion show there, but you know how that goes, at least where Larry’s concerned.”
“Indeed I do. Perhaps…”
“Enough boss-bashing out of the two of you. Let’s see what there is to eat. If I get something in your mouths, maybe I’ll be able to eat in peace.” Without another word, Larry walked to the snack table and started filling a plate. He poured himself several fingers of Scotch and leaned against the wall by the table of food and drinks.
“Let’s break out the champagne,” Alex said, picking up one of the bottles from the end of the table.
“Okay,” Larry said. “Would you mind doing the honors? My hands are a bit full.”
“Of course not.” Alex began loosening the wrapping and pulling the cork, which came out of the bottle with a resounding pop. Almost at once, three glasses were in front of him, waiting to be filled. He obliged the holders of the glasses and then filled an extra one before setting the bottle down. He walked to Adam, holding out the glass. “Would you like some?”
“No, thank you. I don’t drink. But I’ll take some Sweetwater if there is some.”
“You don’t drink? What’s up with that? I thought all reporters had a healthy thirst for the bubbly.”
Larry looked askance at Alex. “He has his reasons and don’t ask again.”
“It’s okay, Larry. I haven’t told anyone the story for a long time and it still hurts. Maybe talking about it again after so long might be a bit cathartic.”
“It’s okay with me if you want to tell him. But...” Larry glanced around. They were alone but they all knew that could change at any time. “We’d better go into the office, lest someone overhear.”
When they’d closed Larry’s office door behind them, Larry set his drink on his desk, shoving some more of the finger food in his mouth.
Adam began with, “When I worked with Larry as a cub reporter, before I went to New York, we were working for the Chicago Sun-Times. One evening, we’d broken a big story and decided to go out to celebrate. To make a long story short, I got totally wasted and wandered away from the group. When Larry found me, I was on a ledge on the roof of the Sun-Times.”
“He was waiting for Prado Galvins.”
“Isn’t he the guy that did the swan dive from the top of the building?”
“The very same,” Adam said. “I’d seen a vision of him plunging off the roof but in my inebriated condition, I had no idea of the time frame so I’d gone up on the roof to wait for him. Unfortunately, it was a very windy night and if Larry hadn’t come up on the roof when he did and grabbed me at the last minute, I’d have been the first to plunge from the roof.”
“And you didn’t end up stopping Galvins.”
“I got sick from what I’d drunk and for the next few days, I received no visions. Heck, I could barely get out of bed. I had no idea when he intended to kill himself.”
“But because you had some idea of what he had in mind, couldn’t you have kept your eye on him and stopped him?”
“We were both watching him until we got sent out on a story,” Adam said. “We told our editor to keep his eyes on Prado and concocted some story as to why he should. He said he’d watch Prado but it turned out he didn’t and you know the rest. After that incident, I swore I’d never touch a drop again and so far I haven’t. I never want to feel that helpless again. I know not having visions simply makes me more like the rest of you, but no one who hasn’t had visions can possibly understand how much a part of one they become. When they were no longer there, I felt like only half a person. Besides which, my drunkenness allowed Prado to kill himself.”
“Nonsense,” Alex said. “Even if you’d have stopped him the first time, he probably would’ve tried again. It’s my considered opinion that once someone makes up his mind to do something like that, there’s very little that can be done.”
“I don’t buy that,” Adam said. “The paper had a top-notch psychiatrist on staff at the time and we could’ve gotten him help.”
“That doesn’t mean he still wouldn’t have...”
“We could argue about this all night long,” Larry said. “You only wanted to know why Adam doesn’t drink. I think that’s been answered. Why don’t we go back to the party? There’s still a lot of goodies and pies that need eating.”
“Excellent idea, but first,” Adam turned to Alex, “what do you do on the side as I don’t imagine this newspaper gig is full-time for you anymore than it is for the other reporters?”
“Actually, Alex is the only one who does work full-time for the newspaper,” Larry said.
Alex nodded.
“But I didn’t think there would be enough reporting to keep you busy.” Adam looked at Alex.
“I have Alex covering all sorts of things, not just crime. I made a deal with him when I hired him to come out here.”
“I see. Shall we go back to the party now?” Adam said, opening the office door and walking back to where almost everyone huddled around the dessert table. Larry and Alex joined him.

Chapter 11
The next morning Adam received the phone call he’d been dreading. “Her lungs are filling with fluids,” Sarah said. “They keep draining them, but they don’t know if they’ll be able to keep up with the influx.”
“Basically, what you’re telling me is that she’s drowning in her own fluids.”
“That’s basically it. I think you need to get here as soon as you can. When they called me last night, they thought they’d be able to keep ahead of it so I didn’t call you. But now…”
“I have a charter flight on standby. All I have to do is call them and tell them when I’ll be there. They have a flight plan ready to turn in and are supposed to be already fueled. It’ll take me about an hour to get to the airport but I ought to be in the air shortly thereafter.”
“Good. I’ll call the airport and arrange a rental car. What would you like: Avis, Alamo, Budget, or Enterprise?”
“Just get me an Avis. I’ve had good luck with them. That’s what I rented here.”

Sarah met him at the hospital reception area. When she saw him she just shook her head. “She’s gone,” she said when he got close enough to hear. She wiped away a tear that trickled down her cheek.
“God, I’m sorry. But I couldn’t get here any faster.”
“It’s not your fault. I should have called you last night. But the doctors…”
“Now stop that. It’s not your fault any more than it’s mine. I’m just glad we were able to be with her earlier. If only she hadn’t made us go away.”
“But it’s what she wanted. I don’t think she liked us seeing her wasting away. By leaving, we let her die with as much dignity as possible.”
“I suppose that’s true.” He spread his arm and she nestled against his shoulder.
“I’m going to miss her so much.”
“We both are. She was quite a lady.”
“I don’t think anyone who knew her could find any reason to argue with that sentiment.”
“What now?”
“I’ve made all the arrangements. Actually, that’s not quite true. She made most of the arrangements before she got sick again. She already had a plot in the family cemetery a few miles from where we bought the house. She and I visited a local mortuary and made arrangements for her burial. I guess all that remains is to have her body transferred to the mortuary.”
“Where is she now? I’d like to see her.”
“No, you wouldn’t. She looks even worse than when you were here before and they’ve already moved her to the morgue. Why don’t you let the mortuary do their magic with the body so that she’ll be more presentable?”
“I guess you’re right. Considering she kicked us out so we wouldn’t see her wither away, I think she’d want me to wait for the final viewing to bid her farewell.”
“I’m sure that would’ve been her sentiment. I already told the powers that be here to expect a call from the mortuary and they’ll pick up the body whenever the pickup can be arranged. Now, why don’t we get out of here? I think I’ve had enough of this hospital and I’m sure the kids would love to see their uncle.”
“You’ll get no argument from me. I’ve missed them.”

When Adam and Sarah knocked on the door at Francine’s house, they were greeted by a woman about their age who showed the effects of long days in the sun and, possibly, harsh winters. She wiped her hands on an apron with many stains of indeterminate origin. “Hi, Sarah. You must be Adam.” She finished wiping and held out her hand. Adam shook it, noticing the roughness of her skin. He thought how much her hands were in need of hand lotion.
Adam nodded and stepped inside as she stood aside and bade them entrance. “You’ll have to pardon the mess,” she said. “I’m not used to four kids and I’m having a bit of trouble keeping up with their messes.”
Adam glanced around, but the only thing he could see out of place was a couple of comic books on the coffee table and one odd shoe under the table. He could detect no dust and the carpet seemed to be freshly vacuumed. He smelled the light scent of potpourri on the air. “Not to worry,” he said. “I’m used to a bachelor pad. Anything has to be better than my place. Besides, I see nothing wrong here.”
“Where are the kids?” Sarah asked.
“They’re out back, playing Bagel’s favorite game.”
Adam looked at Sarah but she simply shrugged. “Come and see.” She led the way through the kitchen and out the back door.
When they stepped out the door, Sheila squealed, “Uncle Adam,” and ran to him. He picked her up, giving her a ferocious hug. Ryan ran up to him and hugged his waist. “How’s Grandma?” He looked up at Adam expectantly.
“I’m afraid she’s gone,” Adam said and heard Sheila’s sudden intake of air followed by a quiet sob.
Ryan let Adam go and wiped away a tear trickling down his cheek. He turned to his mother, who leaned down and took him in her arms. “I’m so sorry, Mom. Was it bad?”
“No,” Sarah said. “She didn’t even wake up all the time I was there.”
“That’s good. I’m glad she wasn’t suffering at the last.” He sniffed and reached over the arm Sarah had wrapped around him to wipe away another tear. “I’m going to miss her.”
“That’s very nice of you to say, Ryan.” She looked at Adam. “How about this son of mine?”
“I think he’s more mature than we would’ve given him credit for.”
“I think you’re right,” Sarah said.
“Now,” Adam said, “what’s this game that I hear Bagel likes to play?”
Sheila pushed away from his hug, though still in his arms. She sniffed and ran her hand through her hair. “What about Grandma?”
“As we said, sweetheart, she’s gone.”
“I know. Should we play so soon?”
Bagel came over by Adam and lay flat on the ground with his chin on his two front paws. He rolled his eyes to look up at Adam.
“See. Even Bagel’s sad,” Sheila said.
“Grandma would want us to carry on with our lives and Bagel’s part of our lives. He’s going to be even more a part of my life, because he’s going back to West Virginia with me. I need him to get used to me, and I need to get used to him. I think a special game might help.”
“Okay,” Sarah said quietly. “Let me down.”
She sat on the porch, gently slapping her thighs. Bagel came up the two steps, setting his head across her thighs before looking up at her expectantly. She massaged Bagel’s ears and he laid his head back down and sighed contentedly. Sheila looked at Adam and said, “Bagel likes to have his ears massaged.”
“I’ll try to remember that,” Adam said.
Bagel looked up at him and pulled his upper lip back.
“Did Bagel just smile at me?”
Sheila nodded.
“When did you teach him to do that?”
“We didn’t. He just started doing it a few weeks ago.”
“Well, it’s a cute trick,” Adam said. “Now how about this game?”
“We call it colors,” Sheila said. “We put all of Bagel’s toys in a pile. Then we tell him what color of toy to bring. Then he does it.”
“I thought dogs were colorblind,” Adam said.
Ryan turned to him. “Not really. At least, Bagel isn’t. He’s good at the game. Let’s show him, Sheila.”
Sarah released him and Ryan walked across the yard, where he joined two other children Adam hadn’t even seen in the yard. They all picked up dog toys as they went. They put them in a large pile and walked back to the porch and sat. Bagel wandered out into the yard, watching them while they did this. Then he came to where they sat on the edge of the porch.
“Who do we have here?” Adam said.
“Marvin,” Ryan said, putting his arm around the other boy’s shoulder.
“This is Marion,” Sheila said. “She’s eight like me.”
“Watch this,” Ryan said. “Red, Bagel.”
Bagel immediately ran to the pile, shuffled through the toys with his nose, grabbed one and brought it back to Ryan, dropping the toy at Ryan’s feet. It was indeed red.
“Well, I’ll be,” Adam said. “Will he do it for me?”
“Sure,” Ryan said. “Try him.”
“Bagel, orange,” Adam said.
Bagel had what could best be described as a quizzical look on his face. He didn’t move.
“He doesn’t know orange,” Sheila said. “Orange looks the same as yellow to a dog. We didn’t teach him orange.”
“How about blue?”
“Blue’s okay,” Sheila said.
“Bagel, blue.”
Bagel returned to the pile, nosed it for a second or two, and then came back to Adam with a blue toy.
“That’s amazing. Did you kids teach him that trick?”
“No,” Ryan said. “Grandma did.”
“What other tricks does he know?”
“Normal dog things like sit, roll over, beg, and tug-of-war with a rope. He can also catch a flying disc,” Ryan said.
“Let’s see that one,” Adam said.
Ryan went around to the side of the porch, picked up a yellow disc, and waved it until Bagel noticed he had it. “Fetch, Bagel.” He tossed it. It took about half the yard for Bagel to catch up with it. He jumped and caught the disc his mouth.
“That’s neat,” Adam said. “It’s obvious that Grandma wasn’t exaggerating when she said Bagel’s special, but I have a question. I’ve known people with beagles and they’ve told me that they had to be very careful with their beagles because they have a tendency to run away. They told me a beagle needs a fenced backyard.”
“But Bagel’s not an ordinary beagle. He doesn’t do a lot of the bad things an ordinary dog would do,” Sarah said. “Ryan’s played with Bagel several times in the park and he’s never shown any inclination to wander away.”
“So I guess I don’t have to worry about him then.”
“No,” Sarah said. “You don’t.”
“Even with no tricks, he’s still special.” Sheila hugged Bagel when he got close enough for her to reach.
“There’s something else you should know about Bagel,” Sarah said.
“What’s that?”
“Bagel likes to be read to.”
“What do you mean?”
“Just what I said. If you’re sitting around reading a book, you should read the book aloud. He likes the sound of people’s voices. Besides, it’ll help him get used to you.”
“No problem, I’m sure. Anybody hungry?” Adam asked.
“I am,” Ryan said, waving his hand in the air.
“Me, too,” Sheila said.
“How about you two, Marvin and Marion? Are you hungry?”
Francine said, “Marvin’s always hungry.”
“Mom,” Marvin said with a note of exasperation.
“How about I take you all out for supper? What would you like to eat?”
An immediate response came from the boys. “Pizza!”
“Pizza’s okay,” Marion said.
“How about you, Sheila, what would you like?”
“Cheese pizza’s okay.”
“I think that could be arranged.” Adam looked at Francine. “Is it okay with you, Francine?”
“You don’t have to buy us dinner.”
“There’s no have to about it. I want this to be my treat. And I want the kids to have what they want as long as it’s all right with you two moms, of course.”
“It’s all right. There’s a really great pizza place, but it’s quite a drive from here.”
“That’s okay,” Adam said. “I don’t think any of us are in a hurry.”
“I assume you’re talking about Harper’ s Pizza, Francine?” Sarah said.
“Of course I am.”
“Unfortunately, I don’t have room for all of us in the car I rented,” Adam said.
“That’s okay,” Francine said, “I have a station wagon. There’s plenty of room for the whole crowd.”
“Great,” Adam said. “Shall we go?”
“Bagel needs to be fed,” Ryan said.
“Then let’s do it,” Adam replied.
Ryan got up from where he sat, walked to the side of the yard, picked up a dog dish, and walked back to the porch. He filled the dish about halfway with dog food from a large container that looked a lot like a trash can, walked back to where he picked up the dish, and set the half-filled dish back down. Bagel immediately ran to the dish to begin eating.
“Does he have enough water?” Sarah said.
“There’s plenty, Mom.” Ryan came back to join the rest of them.
“Okay to go now?” Adam said.
Ryan merely nodded, stepped up on the porch, and held the door open until they’d all walked into the house. They followed, single file through the house, almost like a parade. They went out front and all piled in Francine’s car.

Adam had to agree about the excellence of Harper’s pizza, as he’d eaten more pieces than he meant to. He wanted to sample each pizza they’d ordered. They ordered a cheese only for Sheila, the boys wanted one with four different meats, and Francine and Sarah wanted a supreme. Marion didn’t specify one of her own. Instead, she had pieces of each of them, though significantly less than Adam. They stopped at the boy’s favorite ice cream parlor on the way home and, though he thought better of it, Adam joined them for a sundae.
Chapter 12
When they got back to Francine’s house, Adam started toward his car and Sarah started toward hers.
“Can I ride with you, Uncle Adam?” Ryan asked.
“Sure. You can help me find your house in case I lose track of your mom on the way there.”
“Who’s Bagel going with?”
“I suppose we should take him. I’ve got to get him used to me and with you in the car, I’m sure he’ll be comfortable.”
Suddenly, Adam’s phone rang. He looked at the caller ID, but didn’t recognize the number, other than he knew it to be a Canary Corners number. “Hello?”
“Hello, this is Debbie Harvard. You spoke to my husband a few days ago about a job working for you.”
“I did. Thank you for calling, Debbie. Are you interested in talking more about the job and the charitable foundation?”
“I am. The job sounds very exciting. I’m sorry I haven’t called sooner, but I had a few things to take care of the last few days.”
“No problem. Paul did mention the possible emotional load you’d have to bear, didn’t he?”
“He did, but I don’t believe that would bother me. In fact, I think it’d make the job even more exciting.”
“I’m out of town right now. How would it be if I call you when I get back into town?”
“That’ll be fine. I’ll be waiting for your call.”
“Okay.” Adam closed his phone.
Adam opened the rear door of the car and Ryan called Bagel. Francine let go of Bagel’s collar and Bagel ran to the car and immediately jumped into the backseat. As Ryan closed the door, Francine came over and handed Adam Bagel’s food bowl, water bowl, and a large blanket Bagel had been using as a bed. She walked back to the front of the house and picked up a large bag that contained Bagel’s toys that the kids had gathered, while Sheila brought his container of dog food.
Adam thanked Francine and followed Sarah as she pulled away. He followed her until she drove down a long, tree-lined lane and stopped at a rather modern-looking farmhouse. As he followed Sarah down the lane, he expected to find an old dilapidated house like many they’d passed on their way. However, his expectation fell far short of reality. Her house had a nice front yard, seemed to have a fenced backyard, and there were nice, large trees as far as the eye could see.
“Looks like a nice house, sis,” Adam said as they all got out.
“It is. It’s got four bedrooms, an office, a large living room, and a magnificent kitchen. Mom chose well and we got a great price. It was an estate sale and the people who owned it really wanted to get rid of it. They don’t live in the area anymore and were only here for the funeral and to dispose of assets.”
Adam followed Sarah and the kids into the house. The front door opened into the living room with a huge picture window overlooking the well-manicured front yard. The several massive trees provided shade that probably kept the house at a manageable temperature. The living room had furniture Adam hadn’t seen before of muted colors. A number of pictures of outdoor scenes adorned the off-white walls.
“Are these pictures of the area?” Adam asked.
“Yes, they are. They were done by local artists. Mom thought looking at them would help her get reoriented. After all, she hadn’t lived here for a lot of years.”
“How about the one of the seashore?”
“That had been painted near a beach where Grandma and Grandpa used to take the family on weekends.”
“Have you been there yet?”
“Yes. We went there a couple of weeks after we found the painting. Mom wanted to make sure she visited the shore at least once while she still could.”
“Well, I’m glad she got to do that.”
“Yes. She seemed to be real happy that day we had the picnic on the beach. Would you like to see the rest of the house?”
“Sure.” Adam followed her into the kitchen. As Sarah had said, it had a large kitchen with a massive island and a huge number of cupboards.
“There’s even a nice mud room between the kitchen and the back door,” she said as she showed him the mud room with sink and additional cupboards. She led him to the bedrooms, pointing out hers, Ryan’s, Sheila’s, and the one for him to stay in. “I assume you’re going to stay for the funeral.”
“Of course I am. I couldn’t bear it if I didn’t get to say a final farewell.”
“I thought as much. You’ll stay here, won’t you?”
“As long as you’ll have me.”
“Naturally, you’re welcome to stay as long as you like. You can stay until the funeral and afterwards, if you want to.”
“That’s a tempting offer, but I’ll have to go back to begin my blog. We already have several stories lined up to put in it.”
“Such as?”
Adam told her the story of Sweetwater, and then, after looking around to be sure the kids weren’t in earshot, he told her about Canary House.
“Both of those should make excellent articles for you. You’ll have to let me know when they’re posted and I’ll read them. I especially like the one about Canary House. You’ll have to let me know about your encounters with the ghosts.”
“Yeah, right. Like you really believe there are such things as ghosts.”
“What? And you don’t?” She had an angelic look on her face.
“I know better than that. You don’t believe in ghosts anymore then you believe in witches.”
“All right, you got me. But I still think you’ll have an interesting story.”
“I think so, too, and so does Larry.”
Ryan came into the bedroom. “Can we play Yahtzee before bed?”
They always played Yahtzee whenever Adam visited. Sarah looked at her watch and said, “I don’t think so, young man. It’s way past your bedtime. Uncle Adam will be here for several days. There’ll be plenty of time to play Yahtzee and anything else we decide to play.”
“Okay,” Ryan said reluctantly as he turned to head down the hallway to his room.
“You’d better go get your bag from the car,” Sarah said to Adam.
“Good idea.” He headed for the front door.

The family attended the funeral several days later and Francine, her two children, and her mother Bridget were in attendance. Adam expected to see them there, but he didn’t really expect to see about fifteen other people. As they shuffled by him, Sarah, and the kids, giving their condolences at the gravesite, Adam discovered they were more of his mother’s old friends, as well as a couple of people with whom Sarah worked. He probably shouldn’t have been surprised that so many of her friends were still around. In such rural areas, family farms and ranches are generally handed down for generations.
As soon as they left the funeral parlor, Adam had a thought. “How am I going to take Bagel back with me? I doubt they’ll let me take him on the chartered plane.”
“I’m sure, if you slip them enough money, they’ll let you do anything you please.”
“That’s probably true, but that seems a bit excessive. I’m going to need a car anyway, so I might as well buy one here and use it to drive Bagel back to Canary Corners.”
“That sounds like a good idea. You can probably buy a car for the cost of the chartered flight. I assume they’re back in Charleston now and would have to fly back up here. Surely you didn’t have them stay until after the funeral?”
“No, I didn’t. You’re right. They’re back in Charleston. I probably can buy a car for what they’d charge me, considering what they charged me the last two times. And because I’m not in any particular hurry this time…”
“Okay, then, when we get back to the house, you can head back into town. I’ll drive through the area of town where all the car dealers are.”
“Good. Then I’ll have some idea of where to come back to.”
Ryan had apparently been listening in the backseat because he asked, “Can I come, too, Uncle Adam?”
“You want to come with me to buy a car?”
“Yeah. It’ll be fun. Maybe you can buy me one, too.”
“Very cute,” Adam said. “But don’t you think you’re a little bit young yet?”
Ryan hung his head in mock sadness, taking a page from his uncle’s bag of dramatic performances. “I guess so. Can I come anyway?”
“Is it okay with you, Sarah?”
“I don’t see why not,” she said. “Maybe you two can have lunch while you’re in town. If that’s okay with you, Adam.”
“That sounds like a great idea. I don’t think I have to guess twice what Ryan will want for lunch.”
“Pizza,” came the not unexpected comment from the backseat.
“We’ll see.”
When they got back to Sarah’s house, Adam and Ryan immediately piled into the rental car and were on their way back into town. Adam found his way to where most of the car dealers were and together they went from lot to lot until Adam found the car he wanted. Ryan voiced mild discontent with his uncle’s boring selection. Adam’s frugal nature got the better of him. He selected a used minivan in excellent shape, with only about forty thousand miles on it, and at a reasonable price. Adam felt he got a good deal. He never saw the need to buy new cars when used cars served the purpose well enough. Even though he now had enough money to buy any car he chose, hundreds of them in fact, he still couldn’t bring himself to buy a new or a fancy one.
As part of their purchase agreement, the salesman agreed to drive Adam’s new car to the airport where Adam could drop off the rental car and take possession of his new, used car. Adam drove the salesman back to the car lot, and then let Ryan guide him to a nearby pizza restaurant. They shared a medium three-meat pizza and again stopped for ice cream after lunch.

The next day, Adam thought he should be getting back to his new life in Canary Corners. He packed his bag, put it in the car along with Bagel’s supplies, said his goodbyes to Sarah and both of the kids, but Sarah stopped him before he drove away. “I almost forgot.”
“Forgot what, sis?”
“There’s a box of papers I’m supposed to give you. Mom left them.”
“What are they?”
“I don’t know. I haven’t looked at them. Mom said they were for you, so I left them alone. She didn’t tell me what they are.”
“Maybe they’re family records.”
“Could be. Like I said, she didn’t tell me.”
“If that’s the case, they should be interesting reading.”
“I thought they might be, too, but as she left them to you, I didn’t touch them.”
“Well, if I run across anything interesting, I’ll be sure and tell you about it. Where is this box?”
“We stored the box in the attic, for lack of anything better to do with it.”
“Shall we go in and get it?”
“Why not? You should be on the road soon.”
They both climbed the stairs into the large attic. When Sarah pointed out the box, Adam picked it up and carefully walked down the attic stairs. He put the box in the back of his car and then remembered one thing he’d forgotten to ask Sarah. “Before I leave, I suppose you’d better tell me what kind of dog food Bagel likes, or doesn’t it matter? I noticed you were feeding him dry food.”
“We’ve fed him several different kinds since he’s been here, including canned dog food, but there is one brand of dry food he seems to prefer.” She mentioned a particular brand of dog food.
Adam took out his notebook and wrote the name. “I’ll be sure and get him his favorite.”
He put his notebook away, gave his sister one more hug, got in the car, and then he and Bagel were on their way.
He stopped for the night at a small hotel in an equally small Pennsylvania town and then drove to Charleston the next day. He stopped at a hotel in Charleston because he had one thing that needed doing to secure his fake identification as Ram before he went on to Canary Corners. Once inside his room, he made sure he fed Bagel and the dog had settled down. Then he called for a cab.
 “Where to, sir?” the cab driver said when Adam got in.
“I don’t really want to go anywhere, unless you can take me somewhere where I can get a fake driver’s license made.”
“You a cop?”
“I’m not. Do you know someone who could help me out? It’s worth fifty bucks to you.”
“For that much, I’ll do it myself.”
“Very funny. I want it done professionally. I want it to be able to pass a cop’s scrutiny.”
“Scrutiny. That’s a big word. You a professor or something?”
“Enough of the chitchat. Can you help me out or not?”
“Easy, man. I know a guy who knows a guy. Let me give him a call.” 
“Whatever it takes.”
The cabbie took out a cell phone calling a number. He talked for a few minutes and then said, “I’ve got a name.”
“You got an address with that name?”
“Of course. I ain’t no idiot.”
“Let’s go then. We’re burning daylight.”
“Ain’t you the one for the cute phrases?”
“Do you want the fifty bucks or not?”
“Easy, man. I’ll get you there.”
The cabbie didn’t say another word as he concentrated on where he had to go. He drove to a shabby part of town and stopped in front of an old, dilapidated apartment house. It had peeling paint, several pieces of aluminum siding were bent and barely hanging on, and several bricks lay in front of the building. They’d apparently fallen from a crumbling chimney.
“This is where your friend is?”
“He’s no friend of mine. I don’t know him. You wanted a name—I got a name for you. He’s in apartment five.”
“Who sent you here, in case he wants to know?”
“My friend’s name is Sammy. Just tell him Sammy sent you.”
“Okay. Wait for me.” Adam started to get out but the cabbie said, “Hey, how about my fifty bucks?”
“You’ll get your money if you’re out here when I come back. If you’re not, too bad for you.”
“Okay. I’ll be here.”
Without another word, Adam got out of the cab and walked to the front of the apartment building. A panel of buzzers seemed to be coming off the wall beside the door, but Adam didn’t need to use them anyway because the front door stood ajar. He went in and walked down a dark hallway until he came to apartment five. He knocked lightly but got no response. He knocked harder.
“Who’s that?” came the muffled question from the other side of the door.
“Sammy sent me.”
“I don’t know anyone named Sammy. What do you want?”
“Oh great,” Adam thought. “Some contact name.” To the door, he said, “Sammy told me you could make an ID for me.”
“You got money?”
“I do.”
The door opened slightly with the security chain intact. “Show me.”
“How much?”
“What kind of ID do you want?”
“I need a driver’s license.”
“Two hundred bucks.”
“One hundred bucks.”
“One-fifty.”
“Deal.”
Adam took out his wallet and flashed a couple of hundred dollar bills. The door opened all the way and Adam walked in. The large room had almost every bit of floor space covered either by garbage, stacks of newspapers, or stacks of magazines. An almost unbearable odor permeated the room. The odor seemed to be a mix of sour milk, rotten food, and body odor. “Stand against that wall so I can take your pitcher.” The man pointed to a wall with a dirty hand with scum under virtually every fingernail. He wore a torn T-shirt with an unreadable logo, jeans with the knees worn through, and tennis shoes that looked like they’d fall off his feet if he took very many steps. Fortunately, a path had been left to the wall through the garbage.
Adam walked to the wall and stood there, facing the front. For the first time, he noticed a camera on a tripod pointed in the direction where he stood. His host turned on a bright light at the end of the room. Adam immediately became bathed in a soft light.
“Look here and smile if you want to.”
Adam looked at the man’s hand waving right above the camera and with a quick movement Adam heard the click of the camera.
“Let me take another one just in case.”
Adam stood still until the man snapped another picture. He took the camera off the tripod and walked into another room. He didn’t say anything or give any indication, but Adam followed him anyway. He found himself in what he surmised used to be a bedroom. This room held a big table with a computer, several printers, and a device that Adam recognized as one for laminating plastic on IDs. A bookshelf housed a few books and some small stacks of paper. “It’ll be just a few.” The man sat behind the table.
He plugged a cord connected to the computer into the camera. He moved the mouse around and clicked it a few times before one of the printers spit out a small piece of paper with a very tiny image. He handed the piece of paper to Adam and said, “Good enough pitcher?”
Adam glanced at it before handing it back. “It’ll do.” He really felt like telling the man that he’d taken a picture—not a pitcher—but didn’t want to antagonize him.
“Okay. What name do you want on the license?”
“Robert Adam Madigan, spelled M, A, D, I, G, A, N.”
He typed for a few seconds and then looked Adam over. “How tall?”
“Six foot-two.”
“Eyes?”
“Blue.”
“Weight?”
“Two hundred twenty.”
“What address do you want?”
“Canary House Apartments.” He waited while the man typed. “Apartment 3A.” He waited again. “Canary Corners, West Virginia, 05601.”
“Okay. Give me a few more minutes and it’ll be done.”
Adam didn’t have to wait long until the man handed him the driver’s license merely printed on a sheet of paper. He looked it over carefully to be sure everything he’d told the man had been entered on the license accurately. “And you’re sure this is an accurate representation of a West Virginia driver’s license?”
“Of course I am. I’ve been doing this a long time.”
“Okay.” Adam handed the paper back to the man who cut it to size, sandwiched it between two sheets of plastic, and ran it through the laminator. He handed the finished product to Adam.
Adam looked it over, nodded, and pulled out his wallet. He shoved the license in, and then pulled out a hundred, two twenties, and a ten and handed them to the man.
“Okay,” he said. “If you ever move, I’ll make you another license.”
“I’ll remember.” Adam walked out of the room and carefully picked his way to the front door. When he got out of the apartment, as expected the cab waited at the curb, though Adam knew it would be as the driver hadn’t received the money he had been promised.
“Okay,” Adam said as he slid into the cab. “Take me back to the hotel and I’ll give you your money.”
“Right on,” the driver said as he pulled away. A few minutes later, they arrived at the hotel and Adam handed the guy fifty dollars. “What about the fare?” the driver protested.
“How much?”
“Twenty bucks.”
Adam handed him a twenty-dollar bill and said, “Now get out of here, and you’ve never seen me.”
“Seen who?” the driver said as he drove away.
Chapter 13
Adam and Bagel had been getting familiar with each other. They’d been on several long walks with Bagel on a leash and Adam took Bagel outside on a leash to do his business several times a day. Though they’d played colors and tug-of-war several times, he thought maybe Bagel should get some real exercise. He took Bagel to the park to play. He had to trust what Sarah had said—that Bagel wouldn’t try to run away.
They’d been playing for about a half hour when Adam heard a strange sound. He couldn’t place it, but it seemed to be coming from somewhere above him. When he looked around, he noticed a radio-controlled airplane high above the park. Suddenly, it swooped low and then went high again. A familiar feeling came over Adam that told him to expect a vision and he had to scratch his nose. He closed his eyes and what he saw took him by surprise. After all, he lived in Canary Corners, West Virginia, not Chicago or New York. He saw the radio-controlled airplane fly into the side of a car and explode, making the car a fireball. When he opened his eyes, the airplane seemed to be swooping down again. He called Bagel over and when the airplane came near the ground, he told Bagel to fetch. Without hesitation, Bagel ran toward the airplane and jumped up, grabbing the tail, tearing part of it off in the process, and dragging the airplane to the ground. As if Bagel sensed something, he backed away. The airplane’s engine revved, but the plane only went in circles and couldn’t get off the ground due to the damaged tail. Suddenly, the plane exploded in a blinding flash of intense yellow light.
Several women nearby screamed. A couple of them had been pushing strollers and others were watching their children at play on the monkey bars. A couple of the kids started to wander to where the explosion had taken place. Adam ran over and told them not to get close.
“What happened?” one of the women asked as she approached to retrieve her child.
“That dog was trying to eat a toy airplane and it just exploded,” another chimed in.
“Didn’t your dog try to eat the airplane?” a third one asked Adam.
“I don’t think he tried to eat it. I’ve been teaching him to play catch and he must’ve been confused and thought the airplane was something to fetch. He just grabbed the tail and pulled it to the ground.”
“But why’d the airplane explode?” said the woman who asked whether Bagel tried to eat the airplane.
“I couldn’t say,” Adam said. “As far as I know, there’s nothing explosive about a radio-controlled airplane. I think we’d better call the police.”
“I think that’s a good idea,” said the woman who spoke first. “Does anyone have a cell phone?”
“I have one,” Adam said. “And I have the number of the police station on speed dial.”
“Why would you have the number of the police station on speed dial?” the second woman asked.
“I’m a reporter for the Tweet and sometimes I have to talk to them. Like now.” Adam speed-dialed the number.
When Patty, the receptionist, answered, he explained what’d happened and she transferred him to one of the deputies. He explained again what’d occurred and the deputy said he’d be there as quickly as possible and that Adam should keep everyone away from the explosion site. A few minutes later, Eugene Lender stopped his patrol car at the edge of the park and walked to Adam.
“What’s the story here, Ram?”
“My dog and I were playing in the park and we started to be buzzed by a radio-controlled airplane. Apparently, my dog got confused between the airplane and the flying disc because when the airplane was close to the ground, my dog jumped and caught the airplane by the tail and pulled it to the ground. A few seconds later, the airplane exploded.”
“Radio-controlled airplanes don’t have any explosive materials.”
“Yes, I know. I don’t know why the airplane exploded.”
“Well, if you’ll help me keep all the people back, the sheriff will be here shortly and maybe he’ll be able to make sense out of this.”
Bagel started to go near the exploded plane, sniffing the ground. “Bagel,” Adam called and Bagel came to his side. He snapped the leash he’d brought with him, just in case, onto Bagel’s collar to stop him from going near the explosion site.
“Good idea. We don’t want your dog disturbing any of the evidence of whatever happened.”
They both walked to the site of the explosion and positioned themselves, one on either side. Adam made sure Bagel didn’t get close enough to disturb anything. A few minutes later, a car stopped behind the patrol car and Sheriff Daniel Stibbens got out. He walked to where they were standing and Adam explained it all again.
“Very odd.” Daniel got down on his knees to get a better look at what had exploded, being careful not to put his hands on anything that had been disturbed by the explosion. “There’s not much left of that airplane, but I think I smell burnt gunpowder.”
“What’s that mean?” Adam asked, although he thought he already knew.
“That means there was probably some type of explosive powder in the airplane. My guess is this was deliberate. It wasn’t an accident that the airplane blew up.”
“Why would anybody be flying an explosive radio-controlled airplane?”
“I wouldn’t have any idea. I guess we’re going to have to do some detective work to find out. I have a forensic expert coming from Charleston to verify what happened. He should be here shortly because I called him as soon as I found out that you’d called about the explosion. I thought we might need some forensic help to figure out why and how the explosion happened.”
“Good call,” Adam said. “I guess that’s why you’re the chief.”
“You don’t have to hang around, Ram, unless you want to. I have your story and if I need more information I know where to reach you.”
Adam took that as a dismissal and thought it unwise to argue. He sure wouldn’t want to antagonize the sheriff the first time there seemed to be a crime in Canary Corners.
As soon as Adam and Bagel were home, Bagel ran to his stack of toys and nosed out a yellow toy. He brought it to Adam and dropped it at his feet. “What’s this, Bagel? You want to play colors?” Adam picked up the toy and walked back to the pile where he placed it on the top. He walked to the couch and signaled Bagel to come near. “Bagel, blue,” he said.
Bagel immediately went to the pile, dug through it, and brought Adam another yellow toy. “I said blue, Bagel.” Bagel again went to the pile and again brought a yellow toy and placed it at Adam’s feet. “I don’t understand what your problem is, Bagel. I thought you were good at this game. Let’s try one more time. Bagel, blue.” This time when Bagel returned from the pile he had an orange toy, which he dropped at Adam’s feet. Adam knew orange to be another version of yellow to Bagel. The mystery deepened.
He’d played colors with Bagel several times since they’d been back and Bagel had never had any trouble discerning the proper color. Why he was having trouble now Adam could not fathom. He thought he’d give Bagel a rest. Maybe the explosion confused him. “Sure,” Adam thought, “That’s it. Bagel’s confused because of the explosion.”
Adam sat on the couch in silence for a few minutes with Bagel looking at him in anticipation. “No more colors for a while, Bagel. I think you need a rest.”
With that, Bagel went to the bookshelf and nosed a small plastic box off the second shelf. The box clattered to the floor and Adam recognized it as the Boggle shaker box that had been in the bag of Bagel’s toys. He’d wondered about it when he found it, so he’d put it on the shelf and asked Sarah about it the next time he called. She told him that Bagel liked to play with the Boggle dice. He asked her how he played with the dice, but she told him he’d figure it out. Adam walked to the box, picked it up, opened it, and dumped the sixteen lettered dice on to the floor. Even though Sarah told him that Bagel liked to play with the Boggle dice, and even as smart as Adam had begun to realize Bagel seemed to be, he didn’t understand how a dog could play with Boggle dice.
Bagel stared at the dice for a few seconds and then went to them and pulled six of the dice aside, flipping them with his paws and nose. Adam looked at the six letters that were face up: two B’s, an O, an X, a Y, and an M. Adam didn’t have to think long before he came up with the word BOMB from four of the letters if he ignored the other two. “It can’t be,” he said to himself. “It just can’t be. I know Bagel’s smart but this just isn’t possible.” To try to assuage his consternation, he tried to come up with other words that could be made from the six or fewer letters. He could only come up with one other word, BOXY. He knew that made no sense, but he still had trouble accepting the possibility that Bagel might know how to spell.
He scratched his head, and then knew what he had to do. “Hello, sis,” he said when Sarah answered the phone.
“Adam. Nice to hear from you. What’s up?”
“I’ve got something unbelievable to tell you about Bagel.”
“I doubt that anything you have to tell me about that remarkable animal will surprise me.”
“I don’t know for sure, but I think this may.” He told her about the explosion, about Bagel’s confusion over the colors, and about the word he found in the Boggle dice that Bagel separated out.
“You say he pulled out the letters that spelled BOMB if two of the letters are ignored. I can believe that.”
This took Adam by surprise. “You can?”
“I can. One evening before Mom took sick again, Bagel and I were relaxing in the living room of Mom’s house. All of a sudden he got up, knocked the Boggle shaker box off the shelf it was sitting on, and pulled out the letters I, K, C, R, and S.”
Adam knew what she was thinking. “You’re kidding me.”
“Nope. He pulled out the letters that spelled SICK, if you ignore the R, of course.”
“I see why his pulling out the letters that could be used to spell BOMB doesn’t surprise you then. I guess Mom was right about Bagel being a bit psychic like we are. I know she didn’t really say that, but I know that’s what she meant when she said some dogs were actually finders. But even if I accept the fact that he’s a little bit psychic, I still find it hard to believe that a dog can spell.”
“He’s not spelling, exactly. Psychic is, in fact, what she meant. We’d talked about it before. She’s the one who taught Bagel how to play with the Boggle dice. When I told her what the letters he’d selected spelled, she wasn’t at all surprised.”
“This is all still very hard to take in.”
“It does take some getting used to, that’s for sure,” Sarah said.
“On a different subject, how’re the kids?”
“They’re fine. Ryan’s play is in two weeks and he’s very excited.”
“Oh, that’s right. I’d almost forgotten. I’d love to come see him in the play. But now I think I’m going to be stuck here trying to figure out what’s happened.”
“Why do you have to figure it out? You’re not a crime reporter anymore and that’s a job for the police, anyway. Ryan will be disappointed if you don’t come.”
“I’ll see how it goes in next few days and make it if I can. I have an agreement with the charter company I used before. They can arrange a flight for me at a moment’s notice.”
“That’s good. I’d better go now. I hear Sheila calling me.”
“Can I talk to her?”
“I don’t think this is a good time. She isn’t a happy camper. She’s been in a foul mood all day.”
“Enough said. See you, sis.”
“I hope that’s prophetic for coming to the play.”
“I hope it can be.”
When he hung up, Adam went back to the Boggle dice and moved all of them together again. He wanted to see whether Bagel would pick the letters to make the word BOMB again or whether coincidence best described the event.
Bagel went to the dice and sniffed them. In a few seconds, he started to move and flip the dice until there were four apart from the rest. Staring at him were an A, a C, a D, and an R. It took only a few seconds for Adam to rearrange the letters in his mind to form the word CAR. Instead of clearing things up, this only added to Adam’s confusion. If he were to accept the fact that Bagel really could spell with the Boggle dice, he sort of understood why Bagel would pick the letters to spell BOMB, but why the word CAR? Adam tried to form those four letters into some other word but couldn’t come up with anything but ARC and CARD and neither made any contextual sense. The only reasonable word he could form with those four letters turned out to be the word CAR. He’d forgotten in the vision he’d seen where the airplane had blown up a car.
“Okay, Bagel,” he said. “Let’s try it again.”
This time when he piled the dice together, Bagel pulled out five of them: an X, a C, a D, an R, and a Z. Adam shook his head. He knew there were no words that could be formed with only five consonants. He pushed the letters together again and this time Bagel pulled out Q, P, A, and B. Try as he might, Adam could come up with no word for those four letters. He guessed that Bagel’s clairvoyance, or whatever it is, must’ve passed for the time being.

On Monday, Adam picked up his copy of the Tweet outside his apartment door and the headline read “Dog Eats Airplane.” Adam immediately picked up his phone to call Larry.
“Very funny, you wisenheimer.”
“What on earth could you possibly mean?” Larry asked innocently.
“Cut the bull. You know exactly what I mean. Don’t you have any journalistic integrity?”
“I only quoted the witnesses.”
“They didn’t actually say Bagel ate the airplane, did they?”
“Some of them did. It’s not my job to contradict a witness.”
“But you know…” Adam let out a long sigh.
“Yes, I know. But you have to admit it made an eye-catching headline.”
“Okay, I’ll give you that.” Adam had been scanning the article while they talked. “And I guess you do sort of correct it and tell the real story.”
“Yes, I do. So just what are you complaining about?”
“Nothing, I guess. I suppose there’s nothing wrong with trying to attract the reader’s attention.”
Chapter 14
Adam and Bagel were in the park, playing catch again. Adam had been getting braver so he threw the disc farther each successive time. No matter how far, nor how fast he threw it, or even if he threw it so that it flew far away from Bagel, Bagel always caught it in the air and brought it back.
This time as Bagel approached, he rose up, walked on his hind legs, spit the flying disc out, and said in a loud, clear voice, “You’re an idiot. How many clues do I have to give you before you figure out what I’m telling you? And you call me a dumb animal. I don’t understand why you can’t remember the yellow car.”
With that, Adam woke up. He shook his head and, fortunately, unlike most of his dreams, he remembered this one vividly. He looked over at Bagel sleeping peacefully on the floor and shook his head. “I guess I am an idiot,” he said quietly. Bagel looked up at him and then lay his head back down. “You were trying to tell me about that yellow car all along. What are you doing now, sending me psychic signals?”
Of course, Adam knew the dream was actually his subconscious telling him what he already knew—he’d had a vision of a yellow car being blown up by that radio-controlled airplane. He’d been so surprised by the events that that fact apparently hadn’t sunk in, but the vision had been recorded in his subconscious. It only took a weird dream to bring it back to his conscious mind. Lest he forget what he’d dreamed about, he got up, turned on the light, found the notepad that he kept near his bed, found the pen, and wrote “yellow car” in big, bold letters. He went back to bed and didn’t wake again until morning.

“Hello, Chief,” Adam said, walking into Sheriff Stibbens’ office. The entire station house consisted of the front desk where Patty answered the phone and greeted anyone coming into the office, three offices, and a doorway to the back where Adam assumed there were a few cells and possibly an interview room or two.
“Good morning, Ram. What can I do for you?”
“What did your forensics experts say about the airplane?”
“Only that it was a bomb. He found remnants of the explosive and a couple of pieces of the device that was used to set it off. He looked for prints, but no such luck.”
“That being the case, what I have to tell you may be of significance.”
“And what’s that?”
“I’ve remembered something about the scene. It might not be important, but I thought I’d pass it along to you, anyway.”
“What is it?”
“Just as my dog—his name’s Bagel, by the way—anyway, just as Bagel grabbed the airplane out of the air, out of the corner of my eye, I saw a yellow car drive by.”
“So?”
“So I thought that maybe the airplane was headed for the car. Maybe the car was the airplane’s target before Bagel snatched it out of the air.”
“I suppose it’s possible. But that’s quite a leap. Your leap, not the dog’s leap.” Daniel smiled slightly at his small joke.
“I told you the idea might not be anything significant. However, the yellow car was the only car on the street and the airplane was heading toward the street, and possibly the yellow car. Do you know who owns a yellow car in the area?”
“The only one I know of is owned by Gilbert Mason, who owns a restaurant called the Mason Jar. They have real good food and they serve drinks in Mason jars.”
“Anything suspicious about him?”
“Not that I know of, but I don’t really know much about him. He’s only owned the restaurant for a couple of years.”
“Perhaps I should do a bit of background on him; I might come up with a reason someone would try to kill him.”
“I guess that can’t do any harm, as long as you do it discreetly. I don’t want you alarming one of our citizens unnecessarily. We don’t have any way of knowing that he was the target.”
“One of the things that Larry wants me to put in my blog and in a column in the newspaper, if he so chooses, are reviews of local restaurants. Maybe I can talk to Larry and he’ll agree to let me do a review of the Mason Jar. It sounds like what might pass for local color.”
“Not a bad idea. Why don’t you go for it?”
“I think I will.” Adam left Daniel’s office and the police station.
“Good morning, Larry.” Adam walked into Larry’s office, having bid Judy good morning as he walked by her desk.
“Hello. Ram.” Larry winked at Adam to emphasize the fact that he remembered to call him Ram.
Adam laid out the story of the explosive airplane and the yellow car. Larry already knew about the airplane, because the story had been page one in Monday’s paper, but he didn’t know about the yellow car any more than the chief had.
“What are you going to do about your suspicion?”
“Since we talked about my doing restaurant reviews, I thought I could start with a review of the Mason Jar. While I interview Gilbert, I can ask some questions that might give me an idea where he came from and why someone might want to kill him.”
“That sounds like a good idea, as long as you’re careful not to tip your hand.”
“Larry,” Adam said, looking askance at his longtime friend. “You should know me better than that by now. I’m a seasoned reporter who knows how to get information from a witness or a suspect.”
“I know you do. I’m sorry. It’s just that I’m used to having to guide these young reporters.”
“Apology accepted. Now I think I’ll go try to line up an interview.”
“Okay. Do you think you could have a review written up for Friday’s paper, and then post the information on your blog?”
“Of course not. I can’t write a review after eating at the place only once. But, speaking of that, where’s my blog to be posted, if that’s the proper way to say it?”
“I’ve hired a young man to create a website for us which, in the beginning, will only host your blog. I’ll put you in touch with him on Thursday and he can show you how to post your blog on the website. Then, when we run your column, we’ll be sure to list how people can get to your blog. Of course, to get them to follow your blog we’ll have to make sure that some of your blogs don’t get in the paper. When we don’t put the blog in, we’ll put an ad for the website and the blog. If we put all of them in the paper, the only thing people will be doing is reading the paper.”
“I thought that was the idea of the blog—to get people to read the newspaper, not the other way around.”
“It is. But we’ve got to get the blog known before that can happen. We have to get people talking, e-mailing and sending regular mail about the blog so the word will spread.”
“Got it,” Adam said. “But now it’s time for lunch and guess where we’re going to eat?”
“Dare I hazard a guess that it’ll be the Mason Jar?”
“You’re a regular psychic,” Adam said with a smile and a wink.
“Some people think so.” Larry got up from his desk, walked around it, and out the door of his office.
“We’re going out for lunch at the Mason Jar, Judy. Want us to bring you back anything?”
“How about a Mason sandwich?”
“You want fries or chips with that?”
“Chips, I think.”
“Mason sandwich and chips coming up.” Larry headed out the front door, followed closely by Adam.
Larry drove them through a part of town that Adam had yet to visit, all the way to the outskirts, where he parked in front of a building with a huge Mason jar with unlit neon bulbs spelling out Mason Jar as a billboard. Adam looked farther down the road but couldn’t see anything except trees. There were a number of other cars in the parking lot.
Inside the restaurant door, a customer presented his bill along with the money for payment to a woman of middle age who tended the cash register. If Adam, even with his reporter’s flair for words, had described her, he would have had to describe her as being of medium build, medium height, with no distinguishing characteristics other than her ash blonde hair that was cut short in a style that definitely did not flatter her. He’d have to find out who cut her hair and stay away from that stylist. That wouldn’t be a problem anyway as he always went to the cheapest barber he could find.
Larry and Adam took a few more steps into the restaurant and paused by a sign stating they were to wait to be seated by a waitress. Adam noticed a beagle lying on the floor beside the counter. Unlike Bagel, who maintained a healthy weight and at least got some exercise, this beagle had become extremely overweight and, Adam guessed, probably didn’t get any exercise.
As Adam watched, two of the customers came up to pay their bill and one of them scraped butter off a butter package and dropped it on a small plate in front of the dog. “Here you go, Butter, enjoy,” he said.
The dog greedily licked the pat of butter off the plate and then noisily licked his chops.
Adam shook his head. He’d never been much of a pet person—he didn’t claim to know much about what a dog should be fed—but he knew for certain that butter shouldn’t be part of any animal’s diet plan. He couldn’t believe they were feeding it to the dog while the woman at the cash register looked on, smiling.
A waitress came to the front, grabbed a couple of menus, and said, “Follow me, gentlemen. Would you like a table or a booth?”
“A booth,” Larry said. They were guided to an empty booth; the waitress wiped the tabletop quickly but thoroughly, and Adam slid into one side while Larry slid into the other. The waitress handed them the menus and then asked, “What would you like to drink?”
“Sweetwater, I think,” Adam said as he looked at her nametag. “Tamila. That’s a pretty name.”
She reacted only a little, so Adam guessed she’d heard that as a pickup line before, maybe many times. “Thank you. And what to drink for you, sir?”
“Make that two Sweetwaters,” Larry said.
Tamila went away to get their drinks and both men buried their noses in the menus. “What’s good here?” Adam asked.
“For lunch, I like to have a Mason sandwich.”
Adam easily found the sandwich on the menu. The largest picture showed a Mason sandwich had roast beef, ham, turkey, and four pieces of bacon with a generous spread of Mason sauce, all on rye toast. “Looks good to me.”
Tamila reappeared with two bottles of Sweetwater, along with two glass jars full of ice. She pulled out her pad. “What can I get for you gentlemen?”
“We both want Mason sandwiches,” Larry said. Looking at Adam, he asked, “Chips or fries?”
“According to the picture, you serve home fries with some of the skin still on them. Is the picture true to what you serve?” He looked at Tamila.
“Yes, sir. We serve home fries and the skin is crispy.”
“Good,” Adam said. “That’s the way I like them. I’ll take the fries.”
“Me, too,” Larry said. Tamila started to walk away and Larry added, “Hold on, I need to order a third Mason sandwich with chips.”
She looked at him. “Are you sure? Have you ever had a Mason sandwich? One sandwich is generally enough for most people.”
“It’s not for me,” Larry said. “You need to make the third order to go. It’s for my wife waiting back in the office. We also need to know whether Gilbert is around. We’ve got a question or two for him.”
“Not at the moment, but he’s due back soon. He had an errand to run.”
“Okay,” Larry said. “Please send him over here when he gets back, if you don’t mind.”
“Is there some issue?”
“No,” Larry said, pausing for a second or two. “Do you know who I am?”
“I think so,” Tamila said. “Ain’t you the editor of the Tweet?”
“Guilty. We want to talk to Gilbert about maybe writing an article about the Mason Jar. You think he’d be interested?”
“Interested? He’d be beside himself with joy.”
“That’s good to hear,” Adam said. “I’m new here and one of the things I’m going to write for the Tweet is restaurant reviews.”
“I’m sure Gilbert will be happy to have you review the Mason Jar. We use only the finest ingredients in everything we make.”
“You don’t have to sell me,” Adam said. “Why don’t you just let the food speak for itself?”
She looked a bit flustered. “Of course, I’m sorry. I’ll go put in your orders right now.”
Chapter 15
After Tamila walked away, Adam had to ask, “What’s up with that beagle by the cash register? I saw a man feed that dog butter. Did he call the dog Butter?”
“Yes, he did. That dog has been in this restaurant ever since it opened and everyone who has butter left after their meal feeds it to the dog.”
“And they think that’s good for him?”
“I doubt they think about it. It’s just become sort of a custom.”
“Well, that poor dog is vastly overweight and I think that’s one custom that should be stopped.”
“Why don’t you tell Gilbert when he comes?”
“I take it you’ve met Gilbert?”
“Yeah, but only once. I was introduced to him at a party.”
Just then Tamila reappeared with two plates containing huge sandwiches, cut in half, and fries just like shown in the menu picture. She sat the plates in front of them and said, “I’ll be back in a second with your order to go.”
“That’s fine,” Larry said. “Gilbert back yet?”
“No. I’ll be sure to send him over as soon as he comes in. I’m sure he’ll want to talk to you.”
She walked away and Larry took a generous bite of his sandwich.
“This really does look good,” Adam said.
Larry tried to say, “It is,” but with his mouth full, all that he uttered were a couple of unintelligible, muffled words.
Adam took a bite of one of his fries and relished the flavor. The fry had some skin still on and was cooked until crispy as Tamila said they’d be. He took a bite of his sandwich and they both continued to eat until the first half of their sandwiches were gone. They both sat back in the booth, munching fries and drinking Sweetwater. They didn’t want to finish too soon, because they wanted to be there when Gilbert returned. After all, that’s really why they were there. Adam’s lunch had impressed him, but lunch camouflaged the real purpose of their visit. After working their way through about half their fries, Larry sighed and picked up the other half of his sandwich. Adam followed suit, but before he had a chance to begin eating, he had been watching out the window and saw a yellow car drive up. He noted who got out and a short time later, Tamila returned to their table with the man Adam had seen getting out of the car.
“This is Gilbert Mason,” she said. “I told him you want to write a review of the restaurant.” She turned and walked away.
“As she said, Tamila told me you gentlemen want to speak to me about a restaurant review.”
“We do,” Larry said. “I know you know who I am, but you haven’t met my new reporter, Ram.”
Gilbert stuck out his hand and Adam shook it. “Pleased to meet you. Ram, was it?”
“It was and it is,” Adam said. “My name is Robert Adam Madigan but ever since I was small, people have used the obvious acronym Ram.”
“I see,” Gilbert said. “How was the food?”
“The sandwich was first-rate, and the fries were as I like them, crispy with a little skin left on.”
“That’s the way people around here told me they wanted them made. When I first opened the Mason Jar, I made fries like most of the fast-food restaurants. But person after person told me they didn’t want the same kind of fries the fast-food restaurants served. They wanted crispy fries with a bit of skin left on them like you’re eating.”
“And the Mason sandwich? Was that designed by your customers as well?” Adam reached into his pocket and pulled out a pad and a pen and began to jot down notes to simulate writing a review. Although a review had not been the purpose of their visit, he thought he might as well take some notes, in case they decided that an actual review might be a good cover for the interview.
“No, that was my own inspiration. I had a similar sandwich many years ago at a small restaurant that has since closed. Before I opened the Mason Jar, I’d been searching for a sandwich that’d capture the public’s interest, but I couldn’t come up with one any better than the one I remembered. So when I opened the Mason Jar, I decided I’d create one like the one I remembered.”
“And what of the Mason sauce?”
“That’s my own special recipe,” Gilbert said. “You can ask, but I won’t tell you what’s in it.”
“It tastes a bit like Thousand Island dressing,” Adam said.
“It’s similar, but I’ve added a few of my own ingredients to give it that special tang.”
“I imagine most people come here for Mason sandwiches, but I noticed your menu also has several kinds of steaks, shrimp, salads, and some kinds of Mexican food. I’m going to have to sample some of the other food before I write a review of the restaurant. I wouldn’t want to recommend your restaurant on the basis of only one of the choices. “
“That’s all right with me,” Gilbert said. “We only use the finest ingredients and I’m sure you won’t be disappointed with whatever you order.”
“I’ll have to take your word for that for the moment. “Adam looked thoughtful, as if he were trying to come up with the next thing he wanted to ask, though he already knew.  “I’d also like some background for my article.”
“Why do you need background for a restaurant review?”
“I don’t intend to write ordinary restaurant reviews. I want our readers to get a feel for the owners and the people who work at the restaurant as well as for the food. As far as I’m concerned, a dining experience is as much about the atmosphere and the people as it is about the food.”
“I must say, that’s a different approach.”
“I’ve told Ram he could write his articles anyway he so chooses,” Larry said. “So if that’s the way he wants to write his restaurant reviews, I support him wholeheartedly.”
“Don’t get me wrong. I didn’t say there was anything wrong with that approach. I merely said it was different.” He looked directly at Adam. “So what would you like to know?”
“First, how did you get into the restaurant business?”
 “I sort of grew up in the restaurant business. My father owned a restaurant and I used to go there every day after school.”
“Was his restaurant called the Mason Jar, too? Or is that a name you came up with so your restaurant would have some distinction and serving your drinks in Mason jars would be something the customers wouldn’t forget?”
“All right, you got me. You’re right. My name really isn’t Mason and to tell you the truth, serving drinks in Mason jars wasn’t original with me.”
“That’s all right. I don’t really care whether your name is Mason or not and I don’t see any harm in borrowing someone else’s idea and running with it as long as it’s not trademarked.”
“I did extensive research before I opened the restaurant and as far as I could find, I’m the first one to name a restaurant the Mason Jar. I guess I’m safe.”
“I’d guess so.” Adam finished writing his notes, looking Gilbert directly in the eyes. “This isn’t for the article, but just to satisfy my curiosity. If your name isn’t Mason, what is it?”
“You want to know my real name? It’s…” He hesitated the briefest moment. Adam didn’t miss it. He knew Gilbert to be searching for an answer and he knew as well that whatever name he came up with would not be his real one any more than Mason was. “Stern,” he said. “Gilbert Stern.”
Adam felt that telltale tingle on the back of his neck. “Well, Mr. Stern, nice to meet you,” Adam said with a smile, trying to put him at ease and hide the fact that he knew the man to be lying.
“Where are you from, if you don’t mind my asking? I hear you only opened the Mason Jar a couple of years ago.”
“That’s right, I did. Before I came here, I had a small restaurant in…” Adam noticed that indicative pause again. “Charleston.”
The tingle returned again as well. “And what kind of restaurant was that?”
“Believe it or not, I had a pizza restaurant. But I’ve had the idea of opening a restaurant like the Mason Jar for a long time. A few years back, my wife and I drove down to Canary Corners and ran across this building that had once been a restaurant but had obviously been closed for many years. We liked the town and the location of this building, on the outskirts of town. When I found out how cheaply I could get it, we decided this would be just the place for my new restaurant.”
“Well,” Larry said, “this has been informative and interesting, but we’d better be getting back to the office. Judy’s waiting for her lunch.”
“That’s right, she is. I’d forgotten we ordered lunch for her, too.” Adam picked up a fry and took a small bite. “Ah, they’re cold,” he said.
“Not to worry,” Gilbert said. “I’ll bring you some fresh fries.”
“Not necessary,” Larry said. “We have a microwave back at the office. I’ve heated up fries from here before and they’re fine after they’ve been warmed up.”
“Well, if you’re sure. I’d be happy to get you some more.”
“As I said, that’s not necessary. These will be fine. But we could use a couple of doggie bags so we can get our leftovers back to the office.”
“No problem.” He walked away and in few seconds, he came back with a couple of foam containers. “Need any help?”
“Nah,” Larry said. “We got it.”
In a few minutes, Larry and Adam were out of the restaurant and on their way back to the newspaper office.
“I presume you caught the hesitation when I asked what his real name was,” Adam said.
“Of course I did. I’m not a cub, you know. I presume what he said tickled your neck, too.” Larry knew Adam to be a living lie detector.
“It did. He also lied about coming from Charleston.”
“I guess you have some research to do.”
“I do. It may all be perfectly innocent, but ‘When someone lies to a reporter, the only assumption to draw is that they’re hiding something.’”
“You don’t need to quote Professor Wiggins to me. I know that adage as well as you do and it has come true more times than not.” They’d had Wiggins for several of their journalism classes in college.

When Larry and Adam walked into the office, carrying their foam containers, Judy said, “Where’s my lunch? I presume those containers are yours.”
“Darn,” Larry said. “We forgot your bag out in the car. I’ll go get it.”
“You’d better. I’m hungry. You were gone a long time.”
“We interviewed Gilbert for a restaurant review.”
“You’re going to write it, I presume.” She looked at Adam.
“I am.” He started to tell her what their real purpose had been, but, because Larry hadn’t, he thought maybe he shouldn’t, either. He would have to ask Larry why he didn’t tell her.
Chapter 16
When Adam got back to his apartment, he had to take Bagel for a walk. When they were back in the room, he booted up his computer to begin his research. He checked and discovered no website for Canary Corners. A small town like Canary Corners probably couldn’t afford to hire a programmer to maintain a website.
He turned on the screen saver and went downtown to the courthouse. He looked around in the hallway until he spotted the business license office. He went up to the clerk in the office, whose placard read Mabel, and said, “I’d like to see the business license for the Mason Jar please, Mabel.”
“Do you work for the restaurant?”
“No. But I know business licenses are public record. So I’d like to see the license, please.”
Mabel frowned but went to a filing cabinet, shuffled through the folders in the first drawer, and came back with one of the folders. The label read Mason Jar.
“Thank you, Mabel.”
He started to pick up the folder but she put her hand on it. “You can look at it here, but the folder cannot leave this office.”
“I understand.” He opened the folder and the business license form showed the name of the owner as Gilbert Stern. At least whatever his true identity, he planned well enough to register the license in his false identity.
“Identification is necessary when licensing a business, isn’t it?”
“It is. Why do you ask?”
“No reason. Just curious.” That being the case, Adam reasoned that Gilbert must have a driver’s license in the name of Stern. He looked the rest of the form over but, unlike some business licenses he’d seen in his research as a reporter, West Virginia didn’t require a previous address unless the business simply relocated. He looked the form over again but found nothing else of interest.
Next, he went to the police station and asked to see Sheriff Stibbens. Patty checked with the sheriff and then said he could go in.
“Good afternoon, Ram. What can I do for you?”
“I assume you have access to driver’s license information.”
“I do. But, of course, that’s confidential.”
“You remember I talked to you this morning about a yellow car.”
“Of course I do.”
“Larry and I interviewed Gilbert on the pretext of writing a restaurant review. I found out that his name really isn’t Gilbert Mason. He claims it’s Gilbert Stern. I’ve been to the business license office and the business license is in the name of Gilbert Stern. What I’d like you to do is find out whether his driver’s license is in the name of Gilbert Stern as well, though I suspect it is.”
“Why do you need to know that? Do you have some reason to believe his name isn’t Stern?”
“It’s the name he gave us when we interviewed him, but I’m pretty sure he was lying.”
“What makes you think so?”
“Let’s just say it was reporter’s instinct.” Adam could tell him the truth about being able to tell when someone lied, and had about decided he wanted to, but he didn’t feel ready to reveal himself quite yet.
“I guess I can accept that. But I can only look up the license if he was licensed in Canary Corners. As driver’s licenses are valid in West Virginia for five years, the odds are good he was licensed elsewhere before he came here.”
“Can you look for me anyway, just in case?”
“Actually, I can’t. I’m no good with computers. I can, however, have George look the license up for you. He’s a whiz with the computer.”
“If we’re trying to be discreet about this, perhaps we’d better not let George know the information is for me. Maybe if you go ask him to look the license up for you, he won’t tumble to what we’re doing.”
“Good idea. Wait here. I’ll be back in a few minutes.”
Adam waited in the chair in front of Daniel’s desk and reflected how comfortable the chair was, unlike the chairs in most police stations he’d been in.
“Sorry. He didn’t get a driver’s license in Canary Corners,” Daniel said when he came back.
“Oh well, it was worth a try.”
“What’s next?”
“How well do you know the police in Charleston?”
“Okay, I see where you’re going. You want me to check with someone up there to see if he got his license in Charleston.”
“Am I really that transparent?”
“I guess you must be because I knew what you had in mind.”
“Be that as it may, can you do it?”
“There is someone I know in Charleston. He was in high school with me, but I haven’t talked to him for a long time. As a matter of fact, I don’t even know whether he’s with the Charleston police force anymore or not, but I don’t mind finding out. Let me give him a call.”
Daniel referred to a Rolodex on the corner of his desk, dialing the number he found on one of the cards. “Hello, this is Sheriff Stibbens in Canary Corners. Yes. Can you tell me if Don Armstrong still works there? He does. He is. Can I speak to him for a few minutes? Thank you.” He waited on the line for a few minutes and then said, “Don, you old son of a gun. This is Daniel Stibbens. Remember me?” Daniel laughed out loud. “I can’t believe you remember that. Say, Don, can you do a favor for me? Nothing much. I’d like you to look up your DMV records and see if a guy named Gilbert Stern has a license in Charleston. You can. Terrific. Yeah, I’ll hold on.”
Daniel put his hand over the mouthpiece, and said, “I can hardly believe it. Don’s chief of detectives now. He said he’d look it up for me, though.”
Adam couldn’t resist. “What is it that Don remembered that was so funny?”
“Yeah, right. Like I’m going to tell a reporter.”
Before Adam could say anything else, Don must have come back on the line because Daniel started listening again. “That’s all I needed to know, Don, thanks a lot. Yeah. We really ought to. I’ll check with Millie and see if we might be able to get up your way anytime soon. If we can, I’ll give you a holler and we’ll make arrangements. Sounds good. Thanks again. See you.”
Daniel looked at Adam and shook his head. “No license in Charleston, either.”
“That’s interesting, because Gilbert said he owned a restaurant in Charleston before he came here.”
“How long did he own the restaurant in Charleston?”
“He didn’t say and I didn’t ask.”
“So you don’t know whether he owned the restaurant for ten years or ten months. He could’ve had a restaurant somewhere else before he went to Charleston and got a driver’s license there.”
“True enough. I don’t suppose there’s any way you can check the state records.”
“No, we don’t have a centralized system. I think the state is working toward that, but it doesn’t exist yet.”
“Okay. I guess that’s it. Thanks for trying, Chief.”
After Adam left Daniel’s office, he went back to the newspaper. “I’m going to run up to Charleston.”
“What for?” Larry said.
“I need to check business records to see whether Stern, or whatever his real name is, had a pizza restaurant in Charleston. The Mason Jar is registered under the name Gilbert Stern, so he’s okay here. I think the next step should be to check for the pizza restaurant he says he had there. Do you agree?”
“I don’t disagree.”
“Okay. I should be back sometime late this evening. I have something else to do in Charleston and I’ll probably stop for dinner before coming back. Want me to call you and tell you if I found out anything?”
“If you want to and it’s not too late. But the discussion can always wait until tomorrow.”
“I’ll see how late it is when I get home. I had a thought. While I search for information about Gilbert, perhaps you could have Alex research radio-controlled planes to see whether he can find anyone local who has bought one recently. Is he on anything important?”
“Not right now. He’s researching a couple of long-term projects. I can spare him to look into the airplane angle. I wouldn’t hold out too much hope for his finding anything, however.”
“I don’t. It’s at least something to try. Maybe we’ll get lucky. You know as well as I criminals are not always the brightest stars in the galaxy. See you tomorrow.”
Before Adam left for Charleston, he went to the bank and got several hundred dollars in various denominations. He didn’t know how much he’d need for the second part of his plan, so he made sure he had what he considered plenty for what he intended to purchase.
When Adam got to Charleston, he drove straight downtown to the courthouse. Once inside, he found the business license office without difficulty. When he stopped at the front counter, a pretty young girl came up and said, “Can I help you, sir?” The nameplate in front of her gave her name as Alice.
“I don’t know whether you can or not, Alice.”
“I’m not Alice,” she said. “My name is Louise.” She pointed at the nameplate. “That’s not my nameplate.”
“Sorry,” Adam said. “I assumed and I probably shouldn’t have. Anyway, as I said, I don’t know whether you can help me but I’m looking for a pizza restaurant owned by a guy named Gilbert Stern that closed around two years ago.”
“What was the name of the restaurant?”
“I’m afraid I don’t know that.”
“That’ll make it much more difficult.”
“I know that what I’m asking for won’t be easy to find, but I’d appreciate it immensely if there’s some way you can try to find the information.”
“What do you need that kind of information for?”
“I’m a reporter with the Canary Corners Tweet and we’re trying to locate Gilbert Stern because his mother’s very sick.” He had to be glad, when he used such prevarications, everyone didn’t have the ability to tell when people were lying as he did.
“Oh, that’s too bad. I’ll see what I can do.” She wandered away to start shuffling through a large set of filing cabinets. Several chairs were near the front counter, so he walked over and sat as he didn’t know how long she’d be. He waited over half an hour before she finally came back to the counter. He immediately got up.
“I’m sorry,” she said. “I can’t find any record of a Gilbert Stern as the owner of any kind of restaurant. There were only two pizza restaurants that closed down during the time frame you mentioned and Gilbert Stern was not listed on the forms anywhere, either as the owner or a partner.”
“Well, thanks for looking. Would it be possible to take a few more minutes of your time?”
She smiled, leaned over a bit, and spoke quietly, “I wasn’t working on anything important when you came in, and, confidentially, I was a bit bored, so whatever you want.”
“The person who told me that Gilbert Stern owned the pizza restaurant was, shall we say, a little less than certain that’s what Stern did. Is there any way to look up his name as owner of any sort of business at all?”
“I can try. We’ve recently begun putting all the old records on the computer system and I’ve been taught how to search to locate the type of information you’re asking about. Unfortunately, not all of the records are on the computer yet. I can certainly look. You never know—we might get lucky. Wait here.”
She walked to a desk with a nameplate that read Louise. She sat behind that desk and began moving a mouse, clicking it, and using the keyboard. She was only at it for a few minutes before she came back to the counter. “Sorry, no luck. He still might have owned a business in Charleston, but without the records on the computer system, it’d be a hand search through all the records and that could take a very long time. I’m allowed to do searches on the computer system, but I’m not allowed to spend hours searching through the records by hand without a definite idea of what I’m looking for.”
“I understand. Thanks for trying.”

Adam decided to take a cab to see the man who’d made his ID a few days before. He knew the address, but didn’t feel comfortable parking his car in that part of town. Even though the car didn’t cost a great deal and he had no attachment to it, he still didn’t want to lose the radio or the tires or both. Besides, he didn’t want to be stranded in Charleston.
He parked at the mall and called a cab. He gave the driver the address. Fortunately, he didn’t question it. Adam thought he might, considering the neighborhood.
When he got out at the apartment building, he told the driver to wait and offered him an extra twenty to do so.
“Hello,” Adam said through the door. “I was here a few days ago and I’ve got a question or two. I’m willing to pay for the answers.”
“What questions?” the recognizable face said through the crack afforded by the security chain.
“I’m not going to ask them here in the hallway. If you want to make a few easy bucks, I suggest you open the door.”
“All right.” He opened the door and Adam went into the room. The mess that described the room hadn’t changed much. The floor was still covered with newspapers, magazines, and garbage, but there were now two pizza boxes on the seat of the couch. The room also smelled no better.
“What do you want to know?”
“Are you the only one making fake ID’s in town?”
“What do you want to know that for?”
“Because if you can’t give me the information I need, I want to try everyone else that’s making ID’s.”
“No. I’m the only one. There was another guy, but he got busted about a month back.”
“All right. What I need to know is whether you ever made an ID for a guy that claims to be Gilbert Stern.”
“Name’s sort of familiar. Let me check my records.”
“You keep records of the fake names of the ID’s you make? You didn’t tell me that. Why do you keep them?”
“I only keep them so I can answer questions like the one you just asked. They’re not for blackmail or any such thing.”
“So if anyone came to you and asked if you made an ID for me, you’d tell them you did as long as the price was right?”
“Yeah. I guess I would.”
“Well, how would it be if I give you a hundred to give me whatever records you have and forget you ever made me an ID?”
“That’ll be okay. I’ll get your record.”
He disappeared into the back room and reappeared after a few minutes. “Here’s your record.” He held it out but pulled it back when Adam reached for it. “Hundred bucks?”
Adam pulled a hundred dollar bill from his wallet and started to hand the bill to him.
“Got anything smaller? It’s tough to cash such a big bill around here.”
Adam put the bill back in his wallet and pulled out five twenties.
“Better. Thanks.” When he held the paper out again, he didn’t pull it back when Adam reached for the record. Adam glanced at the printed copy of the license that was in his wallet. “I assume you’ll also delete anything on your computer.”
He nodded and then said, “I already did. I got the record for Stern, too. What’ll you pay?”
“Fifty?”
“How about one hundred?”
Adam thought that seemed a bit excessive, but he’d have gladly paid twice that much. “Okay,” he said and dug out five more twenties. He exchanged the bills for the information. Adam glanced at the record. It had a picture that he recognized as Gilbert, along with his address and the other information that a typical license contained. The record did give his last name as Stern.
“Okay.” Adam headed for the door. “Thanks.”
“What do you want that for?”
“That’s no concern of yours. If you ever tell anyone about my being here either today or before, I’ll be sure the police know about your nefarious business.”
“I won’t tell anybody.”
“Just be sure you don’t.” Adam closed the door, heading for the stairs. The cab still waited for him, as he was sure it would. He had the driver take him directly back to the mall parking lot. He guided the driver to where his car waited and paid the meter plus the additional twenty he’d promised.
Chapter 17
Before Adam left Charleston, he thought he’d grab a quick bite to eat. Almost five thirty, he had about an hour before he’d be in Canary Corners, and he was already hungry. On his way downtown, he’d seen a restaurant called the Swift Salad and thought a nice salad sounded appetizing. It turned out that it was actually a buffet having pizza, potatoes with various toppings, several different kinds of rolls, a couple different kinds of cornbread, and salads of all descriptions. He left the restaurant thoroughly stuffed.
When he arrived at his apartment he took Bagel out and then called Larry.
“What’d you find out?”
“Nothing positive, I’m afraid. I did find out Stern, or whatever his name is, did not, in fact, have a pizza restaurant in Charleston. I don’t think he had any kind of business in Charleston. A pretty girl did a search for me through the computer records and didn’t find any reference. She freely admitted, however, not all of the records are on the computer system yet; therefore, it’s still possible he did have a business in Charleston. But I really doubt it—I found out he had a bogus driver’s license created in the name of Gilbert Stern.”
“How’d you find that out?”
“Because I had one created in my alias, and the same guy did one for Stern or whatever his name really is.”
“What now?”
“I’m not really sure. Let me think about it for a while.”
“You can definitely sleep on it. The day’s virtually over, anyway. Why don’t you come into the office tomorrow and we’ll mull it over. Maybe together we can come up with an idea.”
“Sounds like a plan.”
“Okay, see you then.”
Adam set his cell phone down on the arm of the couch and lay back to relax. Bagel walked to the end of the couch, back to the chair on the opposite side of the room, and then back to the couch.
“What’s up, Bagel?”
Bagel looked up at him and then sprinted to the door to the kitchen. He slipped on the tile floor as he tried to turn the corner to come out the other door on the other end of the kitchen. The two doors formed a circular path through the kitchen. Because Adam had seen Bagel run around the circle before, this behavior didn’t surprise him. After a couple of turns through the kitchen, Bagel came back to the couch where he lay down, panting.
Adam felt a bit tired but because he didn’t feel actually sleepy, he thought he’d read a book. He remembered his sister told him that Bagel liked to be read to. He thought he’d give reading aloud a try. Maybe it’d help Bagel relax, although he seemed to have worked through his nervous energy. Adam got up, went to his bookshelf, and pulled down a copy of a fantasy novel called the sword of dalamar. He’d actually read the book before but he liked it and thought he’d read the book again. Like most readers, he probably missed some things as he read through the book. He read in bed a lot and frequently fell asleep, not knowing what the last two pages or so were about. Sometimes he went back the next morning and reread the pages, but he didn’t always have time to do that.
When he started reading aloud, Bagel looked up at him through sleepy eyes. He read only halfway through the first chapter when he heard Bagel snoring softly. Unfortunately, Bagel didn’t snore softly all the time. Frequently, his snoring was quite noisy and had even awakened Adam a couple of times. At such times, Adam thought that perhaps Bagel had a deviated septum that could be fixed to cure his snoring. When he came fully awake, however, he knew what a silly idea that was. He’d have to put up with being disturbed from time to time.
Adam got up from the couch as quietly as he could, taking his book into the bedroom with him. He still didn’t feel sleepy. He thought reading for a while longer might help. He left the bedroom door open in case Bagel woke up. He knew Bagel didn’t like to sleep in a room alone and would scratch at the door if he shut the door, locking him out. Therefore, it seemed easier to leave the door open and let Bagel come and go as he pleased.
When Adam got up the next morning, he saw Bagel at the end of the bed and he looked up when Adam walked by. Adam used the bathroom and then walked into the living room on his way to the kitchen to turn on the teapot.
When he came back out of the kitchen he noticed the Boggle shaker box had been knocked to the floor and the letters X, C, D, O, and P had been separated out. Adam went to the desk and pulled out a piece of paper and pencil. He wrote the five letters and made a list of the words, of any length, that could be made from the five letters. Try as he might, all he could come up with that made any sense were the words POD, POX, DOC, COP, and COD. If Adam assumed that the words formed from the letters Bagel separated from the others were supposed to be clues to help him solve the mystery of the restaurateur, only two of the words made sense: DOC and COP. Maybe Bagel’s letters were supposed to give him a clue about Gilbert’s former occupation. As ridiculous as it all sounded, Adam thought, “What the heck.” As he didn’t really have a plan yet, he might as well try to find out whether Gilbert was either a COP or a DOC, which Adam assumed meant DOCtor.
Adam scrambled himself two eggs and fried up some ham. He ate his breakfast while drinking three cups of tea. He knew he was drinking more tea than he should lately, but he couldn’t help it. The new West Virginia tea blend he’d found at a little store in one of the strip centers tasted so good that he found the tea hard to resist, especially when he was able to add milk. He fed Bagel and then took him for a short walk before returning him to the apartment and driving to the newspaper office.
“What say, Ram? Come up with any ideas?” Larry asked.
“Only that, considering Gilbert apparently didn’t own a pizza restaurant in Charleston, perhaps he didn’t own a restaurant anywhere. Maybe he came to the restaurant business from some other occupation. Maybe he’s like I am, hiding from his other occupation.”
“I don’t think that’s too much of a stretch, considering he lied to us. I can’t think of too many reasons that he’d lie to us, unless he was trying to hide from a previous life in some way or another. It’s possible, of course, that he’s using a false name because he’s simply hiding from an ex-wife or something like that. Maybe he did own a restaurant. Maybe even a pizza restaurant that wasn’t in Charleston. Maybe he didn’t want to tell us where it really was because we might uncover his ex-wife or whatever else he’s hiding from.”
“If we go on your assumption that he’s hiding from something rather benign, why would someone have tried to blow up his car?”
“I’m afraid I don’t have an answer for that one. Are you absolutely certain you saw a vision of the car being blown up?”
“Have you ever known me to make something like that up? What reason would I have, to make up a vision? I didn’t know Gilbert until you introduced him to me, and I didn’t know Gilbert had a yellow car until the sheriff told me.”
“You’re right, of course. I know you’re not one given to fantasies.”
“Okay. Do you have any ideas about what kind of an occupation somebody might be hiding from?”
“Not right off the top of my head. It could be one of hundreds. Think about it for a minute. He could have been in construction where there was an accident and someone got hurt. Considering we’re in West Virginia, he could’ve been a mine owner where someone got killed because of unsafe conditions in the mine. That isn’t unknown around here, though it hasn’t happened in a number of years. Remember how your neighbor told you that her brother died in a mine accident.”
“I do.” Adam wanted to get Bagel’s occupational ideas into the mix. “I had a thought. What about a cop? Maybe he was a cop somewhere and inadvertently shot someone or caused a traffic accident or some other scenario like that and he escaped before he could be charged.”
“That’s a thought, I guess. I think we’d have heard about something like that, however.”
“Maybe not if it was in another state, especially if it happened in another state nowhere near West Virginia like Florida, Georgia, or Colorado for example.”
“How would we ever find out something like that?”
“Maybe the sheriff could have one of his guys research it for us. I’d imagine police departments keep in contact with each other over such scenarios.”
“Well, you can certainly ask him. I don’t have any idea whether they do or don’t. Any other ideas wandering around in that amazing brain of yours?”
“I did have another thought while we were talking. How about a doctor? Perhaps he was a doctor and botched an operation, or misdiagnosed an illness, or prescribed the wrong kind of medication and somebody died.”
“Okay, I get the drift. Assuming Sheriff Stibbens can help you with the cop idea, how do you suppose we research your doctor idea?”
“I don’t know. That one could be a toughie. Typically, the medical profession is pretty closed-mouthed, so it’s not as if they’re going to publicize their failings. I imagine they figure that their malpractice insurance is expensive enough without advertising their mistakes.”
“That’s certainly true enough. Why don’t you start with the cop angle and see whether Sheriff Stibbens can help you out. At least it’s a place to start.”
“I can do that,” Adam said. “Why don’t you keep coming up with scenarios about why someone would hide and the professions they would hide from in case this doesn’t pan out? Honestly, we’ll be extremely lucky if it does—it’s a total shot in the dark.”
“I’ll give the idea some more thought in my spare moments.”
“As if you have any of those.”
“I’ll do what I can.”
“I’ll go talk to Sheriff Stibbens. First, I want to talk to Alex to see whether he came up with anything about the radio-controlled planes.”
“All right with me,” Larry said. “Let’s go talk to him.”
“Alex,” Adam said after they arrived at his desk, “making any progress on your search for information about radio-controlled planes?”
“Yes and no. The local hobby shop, Fernman’s Hobbies, sells RC planes, but hasn’t sold one in over a year.”
“So basically a dead end?”
“I’d say so. I’ve called virtually every hobby shop in the state but the only one that has RC planes besides Fernman’s is Tramel’s Hobby in Charleston and they’ve only sold one plane in the last year and half. Larry said I can go to Charleston to see whether I can con them into telling me who bought the plane.”
“The problem with that is RC planes can be bought off the Internet like everything else now,” Larry said.
“True, but there’s no way we can get them to tell us who bought from them, even if we could track down all the websites selling the planes,” Alex said.
“I knew it was a pretty futile idea.” Adam let a bit of frustration show through. “I just thought it was worth a try.”
“Honestly, I did, too. I sincerely hoped we’d get lucky,” Larry said.
“I held out that hope, too.”
Before Adam left, Larry gave him the phone number of the programmer responsible for the Tweet’s website. Adam promised he’d call soon and learn how to set up his blog.
Chapter 18
When Adam drove up to Canary House, some type of protest was apparently going on. He couldn’t read the signs the people were holding, but they were out in front of the apartment, and he’d have to walk through the crowd to get into the lobby. Until he’d gotten out of his car and had moved close enough to the crowd to read one of the placards, he didn’t realize they weren’t protesting anything. Rather, they were raising funds for a little girl who had operable lung cancer but her family didn’t have any money for the surgery.
He walked directly up to one of the ladies holding a large, handmade sign with the little girl’s picture and name on it, and said, “Do you know who I am?”
“All of us do. You’re Ram. The new reporter for the Tweet and you’re very rich.”
“Both points are true. I’d like to help Britney if I’m allowed.”
“Of course you’re allowed. That’s why we’re here, to meet with you. If you’ll come with me, I’ll introduce you.” She grabbed his arm and almost dragged him to another lady holding a big sign. “This is Monica Swathmore, Britney’s mother.”
Monica held out her hand and Adam shook it. “I’m pleased to meet you, Monica. I’m Ram.”
“Yes, I know. Can you please help us? Britney needs surgery soon.”
“I’ll be happy to donate what I can, but I have to clear it with my business manager.” He hadn’t hired Debbie, or anyone else yet, but he didn’t feel comfortable committing to any cause without having the opportunity to get the cause checked out. He felt sure this plea would prove legitimate and considering his mother recently died of cancer, he definitely felt a little of what the mother had to be going through, but he still felt an obligation to verify the claim. He decided right then and there that unless Debbie Harvard turned out to be a real dud, which he highly doubted, he’d hire her and pay her whatever she wanted. He knew without a doubt she’d earn every penny.
He worked his way through the rest of the crowd and through the doorway, fielding all the questions and giving what he felt were the appropriate answers. Once inside the apartment, he fed Bagel and then called Debbie. He didn’t take Bagel for his nightly walk because he didn’t want to have to fight his way through the crowd again. Bagel didn’t seem to be too anxious so he thought he could wait until after he talked to Debbie. He apologized for not calling sooner and then arranged an interview for the very next day. He told her to meet him at the bank, figuring that with her husband as the president, they could borrow a conference room in the bank for the interview.
He took a few more minutes to play colors with Bagel. After waiting what he felt to be an appropriate interval, he took Bagel for his walk. As he’d hoped, the crowd had dissipated.

He waited in the bank lobby for Debbie to come in. When she did, he didn’t know her on sight, but apparently she knew him because she walked right up to him and reached out a hand. “You must be Ram.”
“And you must be Debbie. So pleased to meet you, Debbie.” Short—not much more than five feet tall—she seemed a bit mousey. A drab gray dress that came well below her knees clashed with her scarf of an indefinite color. Her shoes were a scuffed black. She carried a large multicolored purse, which definitely did not add to her ensemble, if one could call her mismatched clothing an ensemble. “Oh, well,” he thought. “I’m not hiring her to be in a beauty contest.”
“I’m overjoyed to meet you. I hope we can come to some kind of agreement because, as I told you over the phone, I think the job would be extremely interesting.”
“Good. But before we get to that, can we borrow a conference room from your husband?”
“I thought that’s what you might have in mind, so I’ve already made arrangements with Paul. Follow me.” She walked briskly past a set of cubicles that housed officers to a small conference room that had a round table with four chairs. Adam joined her and closed the door.
“Please sit.” She sat on the opposite side of the table from him.
“Now,” he said after he seated himself. “Tell me a bit about yourself.”
She pulled a résumé out of her purse. She put it flat on the table and did her best to straighten out the crumpled pages. She handed it to him. “The first thing I’d like to say is the person you see before you isn’t me.” He looked puzzled, as well he might, but she continued. “What I mean to say is the way I look isn’t the appearance I normally portray. My neighbor has three small children, her husband abandoned her just a few months ago, her parents live in Minnesota, and last night she came down with a violent case of the flu or maybe food poisoning. Anyway, she got really sick. When she called me and asked me to watch the kids for a little while, I couldn’t say no. I stayed with her and the kids virtually all night. When I got home, I lay down on the couch and, I’m ashamed to say, I fell asleep. Paul called to check on me about twenty minutes ago, so I had just enough time to wash my face, cram my résumé in my purse, and get here in time to speak to you.”
“Was your neighbor okay this morning? Should you still be with her and the kids? We can always do this later today or maybe even tomorrow.”
She looked visibly relieved. “I’m so happy to hear you say that. She seemed to be better this morning and two of the kids are off to grade school and the other to daycare. I checked on her before I came and she had yet to wake up after going back to bed, so I think we can do this.”
He glanced over her résumé quickly. She’d been a secretary for Paul in the bank for five years, and then a volunteer at a daycare, a grade school, and at her church where she’d performed secretarial duties, acted as treasurer, and became the leader of the Sunday school program for high school kids. For the last four years, she’d been the confidential secretary that Paul had described to him before. “Impressive résumé. Tell me a little bit about your duties at Harper Manufacturing.”
“As the title suggests, I spent most of my time as Mr. Harper’s confidential secretary, responsible for answering his correspondence, whether regular mail or e-mail, scheduling and making sure he attended his meetings, taking his dictation, and being responsible for his trips and the travels of upper management. I had to arrange their flights and itineraries, make sure they were ready to go, and they had what they needed for the meetings they were attending. I also took on the responsibility for verifying their expense reports and making sure they got paid back, as they paid for their expenses out of their own pockets. I also verified the payroll every two weeks and handed out the checks. I didn’t actually do the payroll. A local accounting firm that does the payroll for many of the companies around here handled Harper’s payroll.”
“So I guess you’re used to handling money, or at least financial records.”
“I am indeed. When I worked for Paul, I had the responsibility for many of the banks books and financial records. At the church, I acted as treasurer and I actually handled the money, including the donations every Sunday.”
“So you feel confident that you could keep track of whatever charitable donations you and I would decide were worthy?”
“Absolutely. I’d very much enjoy the bookwork and I’d get a lot of pleasure in seeing the good your money would do.”
“And you’re sure you’d be all right with the emotional and psychological turmoil that you’d probably have to confront almost daily?”
“I think I’d be able to handle it just fine. As church treasurer I consulted with the pastor as he met with needy families that came to the church for help. Together we listened to sob stories, as it were, and determined which stories to believe and which were total fabrications. I don’t think anything I’d encounter working for you would be any more stressful than what I’ve already endured.”
“Okay,” Adam said. “I must say I’m impressed and I think you’ll do fine. But now I’ve got to ask the most important question of this interview.”
She looked at him questioningly. “What’s that?”
“This is probably an unkind question, but how are you at keeping secrets?”
“I was a confidential secretary and I’ve worked at the bank with various financial records, so I’d have to say I’m very good at keeping secrets.”
“I certainly hope you are, because I’m going to tell you something that absolutely must not get out or I will have to shut down the foundation and go somewhere my secret is not known.”
“I don’t know what I can tell you except that, whatever it is, no one will ever hear it from me.”
“Okay then, here goes.” He told her of his past.
“I can understand why you don’t want this known. I can see how people might seek you out for help and, though I can’t really imagine what you must go through emotionally, I can understand how difficult finding lost children after it’s too late would be traumatic to say the least.” 
“So you think you’ll be okay keeping my secret?”
“You have nothing to worry about.”
“I sincerely hope that’s the case. Now, I’ve given it some thought, but I’d like to ask you what kind of salary you think would be fair for this kind of work.”
“I think whatever you decide would be fine with me.”
“No fair passing the baton back to me. I asked you.”
“Okay. If you want my honest opinion, I think twenty-five to thirty thousand would be fair for this kind of work. I made thirty thousand as the confidential secretary at my last job.”
“I had actually been thinking more in the neighborhood of fifty thousand. If that would be all right with you.”
Her eyes grew wide and she put her hand to her mouth as if to stifle a scream. “You’re kidding.”
“No. I want someone who’s going to be totally dedicated to the task at hand and not thinking about how much she could be making at a different, less stressful, job.”
“That kind of salary would certainly do it.”
“You’re willing to take the job then?”
“Does that mean you’re willing to hire me?”
“It does.”
“How many other people have you interviewed, if I may ask?”
“You’re the first, and if you’re willing to take the job, you’ll be the last.”
“Yes, of course I’ll take the job. I told you before that I thought it’d be extremely interesting and now that I’ve met you, I believe that even stronger. When would you like me to start?”
“How about right now?”
“That’s all right with me, but don’t you think I ought to go home and make myself more presentable?”
“That would probably make you feel better, but considering why you’re dressed as you are, your appearance doesn’t bother me in the least.”
“That’s nice of you to say, but I saw how your eyes widened when I walked up to you this morning.”
“Busted. I admit that your appearance took me by surprise, but I can certainly understand, now that you’ve told me the story. Honestly, it might be best if you went home and, as you say, make yourself more presentable, because I’ve already got a task for you.”
“Oh.”
“Yes. Have you heard about Britney Swarthmore?”
“Yes. I know she’s got treatable cancer, but her parents don’t have the money required and her dad lost his job quite a while back so they have no insurance.”
“That’s even a little more information than I had. I didn’t know her dad didn’t have a job.”
“He worked at a coal mine near here, but got hurt on the job. They, or the insurance, paid for him to get well, but then they fired him after he recovered sufficiently to go back on the job. They made some excuse about him taking too many dangerous chances, yada yada yada. The same thing’s happened at that mine a number of times.”
“Why doesn’t somebody do something about it?”
“And what would you suggest? I’m sorry that came out a bit harsh, but you’re new around here and don’t know the realities of the situation. Any time anybody tries to do anything about mine safety or protection of the employees, a number of employees almost invariably lose their jobs. So it’s almost become status quo to leave bad enough alone.”
“Okay. Enough about that. I want to help out Britney and her parents. But before you can start on that, we need to find you an office to work out of.”
“That shouldn’t be a problem. I know of several small offices near here that are basically abandoned. We should be able to get one of those for not much more than a song.”
“Sounds good. Why don’t you go home and take care of yourself. Also, check on your neighbor again if you would, please, and then check in to offices. You can call me on my cell phone when you think you’ve found one or two that would work for you. I don’t intend to spend much time in the office, so whatever suits you will suit me.”
“All right.” She stood, picked up her résumé, and shoved it back into her purse. “I presume you didn’t need this résumé anymore.”
“You presume correctly. You’re already hired.”
“All right—you can expect a call from me sometime this afternoon.”
“I look forward to it.” He stood and they both headed out the door of the conference room.

Adam had finished taking Bagel for a long walk and was eating a sandwich and chips for lunch when Debbie called.
“Hello. What’ve you found?”
“There’s a small office space above Brigman’s Furniture store which should meet our needs quite well.”
“Not that it really matters, but what’s the rent?”
“Buddy is asking six hundred a month, but the space’s been empty for a couple of years so I think he’ll take less, possibly four.”
“Buddy?”
“Buddy Brigman, the owner of the store.”
“You know him?”
“Quite well. I went out with him back in high school.”
“And how would Paul feel about you renting from an old flame?”
“Paul knows all about Buddy and knows it ended more years ago than I care to admit to.”
“So he wouldn’t mind?”
“No. As a matter of fact, after you left, I asked him whether he knew of any empty office spaces and he recommended Buddy’s.”
“Well, tell me a little about it.”
“I can do that, but it’d probably be easier if I just met you there and let Buddy show it to you.”
“That’s all right with me. Have you eaten yet?”
“I have. Paul took me to the Mason Jar for lunch.”
“Oh. What did you have, if you don’t mind my asking?”
“A Mason sandwich, of course. Does anyone ever have anything else for lunch at the Mason Jar?”
“I couldn’t say. I’ve only been there once, but I enjoyed a Mason sandwich and fries. I’m going to write a restaurant review about the Mason Jar.”
“A positive or negative review?”
“Positive, of course. As I said, because I enjoyed the sandwich I had so much I’d imagine the other types of food they have would be good as well. I’ll have to try at least a few other items from the menu before I write the review.”
“I look forward to reading it. Will that be your first article for the Tweet?”
“Probably, unless something comes up in the meantime. I have several articles I’m going to be working on so I might finish one of the others first.”
“Anyway, would you like to see the space?”
“Absolutely. Why don’t you check to see what time would be convenient for Buddy?”
“I already have. He said one o’clock would be fine. His clerks will be back from lunch by then and he’s already eaten.”
Adam glanced at the kitchen wall clock. That time frame would give him twenty minutes to get to the store. Plenty of time for taking Bagel out and then driving downtown, considering it only took about five minutes to get from one side of Canary Corners to the other. “One o’clock it is. See you in a few minutes.” Adam hung up and noticed Bagel had already retrieved his leash.
“You aren’t eager or anything, are you?” he said to Bagel. “Actually, I thought we did this not too long ago.”
Bagel responded by wagging his tail, dropping the leash at Adam’s feet, and smiling up at him.
“Okay. We can go again.”
Adam led Bagel out the front door, into the hall.
Livinia was there waiting for the elevator. “Is this the famous airplane-eating dog?”
“Sort of. This is Bagel. He’s a...”
“Beagle, of course. You don’t have to tell me. I’ve had a beagle before.”
“You have?”
“Yes.” She hung her head. “He was old and he died.”
“I’m sorry.”
“No need. It was a long time ago.” She leaned down and patted Bagel on the head. “How’re you doing, Bagel?”
Bagel looked up and pulled his upper lip back.
“Did he just smile at me?”
“He did. He likes you. He has good taste.”
“Thank you,” she said. “And thank you, Bagel.”
The elevator opened and they went in.
They rode the elevator down in silence and outside the front door, they parted ways with a small wave to each other.
He took Bagel for a short walk and made it to the furniture store to wait for Debbie.
When she arrived, he had to admit that she looked much better. She wore a dress of a yellowish copper color that ended below the knee. She used a red scarf as an accent, which worked well. She’d also changed her shoes. Although these were black, too, they weren’t scuffed.
“At the risk of being sued for sexual harassment, I have to say you look very nice.”
“Thank you. You haven’t a thing to worry about. Only an idiot, or someone out to make money, would interpret that as sexual harassment. Why don’t you wait here? I’ll go in and get Buddy.”
“Sounds like a plan.”
She came out with a man in tow that seemed about her age. He proved to be only a couple of inches taller than she and almost as big around as he was tall. He had a ruddy complexion that extended to his receding hairline.
“Buddy, I’d like you to meet my new boss, Ram.”
“So you’re the rich guy I’ve been hearing about.” He nodded in Ram’s direction.
“Guilty as charged.”
Buddy walked to a door in the wall next to his large plate-glass window storefront. “This is the only entrance to the office. You can put any sign on the door you choose, or none at all.” He opened the door and they all walked up a relatively narrow flight of stairs. When they reached the top, they were facing a small entryway. Inside that stood a counter with an office behind it, and a second office at the end of the counter.
“As you can see,” Buddy said, “there are two offices and the clerk’s counter. The office behind the counter is only eight feet by eight feet, but the other office is twelve feet by twelve feet.” He led them behind the counter into the smaller office. “As you can see, it’s already furnished with a desk and office chair. If you don’t like the furniture, however, I’m sure we could work out something, considering you’re right above a furniture store.”
Debbie went behind the desk, pulled a rag out of her purse, brushed off the chair, and sat. She pulled out a couple of the desk drawers and said, “This should do fine. The chair’s comfortable and the desk looks to be in reasonable shape. I think we could use a filing cabinet, though.”
Adam nodded. “After we’re through here, you can go down to the store with Buddy and pick out whatever you want. Shall we look at the other office?”
“Of course.” Buddy led them out of the smaller office to the larger one. This one had a small window facing the street and had a larger desk than the other office, and an executive-type office chair.
“Might I borrow that rag you used to dust off your chair, Debbie?” She handed him the rag; he walked around the desk and dusted the executive chair off before he sat. He also pulled out a few of the desk drawers as a test. “This desk and chair will do me just fine. I believe we’ll take the office if we can come to some kind of a rental agreement.”
“I originally asked six hundred a month, but Debbie told me what you’re going to be using it for and I wholeheartedly support what you’re doing, so I’d be willing to take…ah…can we say five hundred a month?”
“Can we say four hundred a month?” Debbie said.
“Oh, all right,” Buddy said. “You know I could never say no to you.”
“At four hundred a month, I guess we’ve got a deal.” Adam extended his hand and shook Buddy’s. “Now I’ll leave it up to you and Debbie to work out the details.” He turned to Debbie. “Debbie, why don’t you dig up as much research as you can on that project we talked about earlier? I’ll see you first thing in the morning.”
“Yes, sir.”
“Now, none of that, Debbie. Please call me Ram.” He looked at Buddy. “Will you clean this place up for us, or should I have Debbie contact a cleaning company?”
“I’ll get it done,” Buddy said. “It’s not your responsibility to clean up two years’ worth of dust. That’s not your fault.”
“It certainly isn’t,” Debbie said.
“All right,” Buddy said. “I already said I’d have it cleaned. You don’t have to bust my chops.”
“Buddy and I’ll work this out, Ram, so you can go do whatever you need to do.”
“I think I shall,” Adam said. “But first I have an unrelated question for Buddy.”
“Yes?”
“I don’t suppose you know, but I moved into Canary House. Unfortunately, the apartment I’m in has a lousy mattress on the bed. I need the mattress replaced. I assume I can buy a mattress in your store.”
“Yes, of course. I’d show them to you but I believe you want me to finish with Debbie.”
“I do. I’m sure one of your salesclerks can be of assistance.”
“I’m sure they can. All of my employees are quite capable.”
“Okay. As I said, Debbie, I’ll see you in the morning.”
“I’ll be here,” she said.
Adam walked out of the office and down the stairs. He went immediately into the furniture store and found a clerk who showed him the mattresses. He sat on most of them and lay down on a couple before he decided on the one he wanted. He paid for his purchase and made arrangements to have the mattress delivered the next day.
Chapter 19
Adam had been sound asleep for a little while when he was suddenly awakened by Bagel’s howl. The howl couldn’t have been extremely loud, but it seemed somehow mournful and it brought Adam fully awake. Adam had heard Bagel bark before and even howl a few times—once when they were on a walk at night by the light of a full moon—but he’d never heard a howl quite like this one. He looked at the clock and saw that Bagel had howled slightly after two in the morning. Adam got up and walked to where Bagel lay at the foot of the bed. “What’s wrong, boy?”
Bagel looked up at him for the briefest of moments and then lay back down as if nothing had occurred. Adam sat on the end of the bed for a few minutes until he heard Bagel snoring softly. He crawled back in bed. It didn’t take him long to fall back asleep, although he had trouble getting comfortable because he had to avoid the sag in the middle of the mattress.
Adam had started to wake up on his own when he heard his cell phone ringing. Unfortunately, he’d left the phone in the living room, so he jumped out of bed and ran into the room just as the phone stopped ringing. He immediately called back as the display said it’d been Sheriff Stibbens who called.
“Good morning, Chief. What can I do for you this early?” he said when put through to the sheriff.
“I thought you might like to know your theory about the airplane being directed at the yellow car was apparently true.”
“Why do you say that?”
“Because Gilbert Stern was found dead this morning. Someone blew the back of his head off.”
“Oh, where did it happen?”
“His car was found on Clear Fork Road, about ten miles out of Canary Corners.”
“Any idea when he was killed?”
“The coroner hasn’t determined the time of death yet, but my guess would be sometime early last night.”
“No suspects, I assume.”
“No. It’s a bit early for that.”
“Any chance you found the weapon at the scene?”
“None at all, I’m afraid. Things usually don’t happen that way.”
“I thought that around here, such things didn’t happen at all.”
“Generally that’s true. This is the first murder we’ve had around here for four years, and that time it was just a wife killing her husband for fooling around on her. It’s probably been ten years since we’ve had a killing where we were unsure of the motive.”
“Any idea what kind of gun was used?”
“I won’t know until the coroner retrieves the bullet for us.”
“Until then, what’s your process?”
“Well, I don’t know. I haven’t really thought about it. I suppose we’ll wait for the coroner to give a time of death. I already have George and Eugene canvassing the few houses along that road. I’d be very surprised if anybody saw anything other than maybe a car drive by on the highway. Most of the houses are quite a way back from the road, so the odds of them even noticing the color of a car, even if they saw one at all, are remote.”
“That’s too bad. That’s going to make any discovery that much more difficult.”
“Don’t I know it.”
“Are you going to be in your office for a while, Chief?”
“Yeah. I thought I’d wait for George and Eugene to get back, or at least call in if they have any news. I’m also waiting for the coroner to give me the time of death.”
“I’d like to come and talk to you after I check one thing first, if it’s okay.”
“Sure, if I’m still here.”
“The thing I have to check won’t take long. I should be there in about a half hour. It’d be less, but you got me out of bed and I haven’t gotten dressed yet.”
“Gosh, I’m sorry. I didn’t think.”
“No problem, Chief. I’m glad you called. Have you called Larry yet?”
“No. I thought I’d talk to you first.”
“Don’t bother, then. I’ll tell him for you.”
“Thanks. You should be able to pass along as much information as I can—I’ve told you all I know.”
“Okay. See you in a few minutes.”
“Right.” 
Adam threw on jeans and a sweatshirt and slipped into a pair of tennis shoes. He took Bagel outside and then back upstairs as quickly as he could.
“Morning, Larry,” Adam said as he closed Larry’s office door.
“Something?”
“Yes. Sheriff Stibbens called to tell me somebody blew Gilbert Stern away last night. I’m on my way to see him but I thought I’d pass the news on to you first. Besides, I want to ask you something.”
“What’s that?”
“I’ve been thinking about letting the sheriff know who I really am.”
“Do you think that’s wise? The more people who know your secret, the more likely it is it’ll leak out.”
“The only people who know so far are you, Judy, Alex, and Paul, president of the bank. I’m sure I can trust you three and I’ve put the fear of losing my money in Paul. Besides, when I talked to him, he told me he’d keep my secret and I felt he absolutely believed what he was saying. Also, his wife’s now working for me. If he breaks the confidence not only will his bank suffer, his wife will lose her job.”
“What’s she doing for you?”
“I want to help some of the people around here with my money. I have more of it than I could ever spend. I hired her as my business manager to filter the requests for me because, when it becomes known I’m doing it, I’m sure I’ll be inundated with requests.”
“I’m sure you will be. It’s probably wise to have somebody take care of that for you. I assume you’re going to have the final say-so, though.”
“Yes. After Debbie filters through them and picks the most deserving, she and I will go over them and decide which ones it seems right to fund. Right now, there’s a little girl I think I want to help. Supposedly she has operable cancer, but her folks can’t afford the operation.”
“Sounds like a good use of your money.”
“I think so.”
“Based on what you said, I think the banker will keep your secret. But why do you want to tell the sheriff, as if I had to ask.”
“You’re right. I’m hoping he’ll let me help him solve this murder as well as any other crimes in the area where my abilities might prove handy. I’ll let him be the judge of when I might be of assistance.”
“Okay, if you’re sure you want him to know.”
“You know me well enough to know that I can’t keep my nose out of it when I know a crime’s been committed. My nosiness doesn’t necessarily have anything to do with being a finder. It has mostly to do with being a crime reporter for so many years.”
“You can turn off the sales pitch. I don’t really have anything to say about what you do with your secrets. You can tell anyone you want to. But I do have a suggestion.”
“What’s that?”
“Have you ever thought of growing a beard?”
“Why would I want to do that? Don’t you like my face?”
“What kind of a question is that? What I’m talking about is, if you’re serious about hiding your abilities as a finder, it might be a good idea to hide that telltale red face you get when you have a vision.”
“Do you really think a beard would cover it up?”
“I don’t really know, but even if it doesn’t cover up your blush completely, I’d think it’d help.”
“You’re probably right, but I’m going to have to think about that one. I tried to grow a beard when I was in college and the darn thing itched so much I had to shave it off.”
“I think you ought to think seriously about putting up with the itch if you really want to hide your abilities.”
“All right, I said I’d think about it. But right now I think I’m going to tell the sheriff my secret.”
With that, Adam walked out of Larry’s office and out of the front door. He went right to the police station and wasn’t stopped as he headed into the sheriff’s office. “Okay if I close the door?” Adam asked.
“Sure. What you got for me, Ram?”
“Something useful, I hope. But first I have to ask if you can keep what I’m going to tell you between us.”
“You going to confess to the murder?”
“Not that, but I may be able to help you solve it, if you’ll let me.”
“I never turn down help when it comes to solving a crime. And yes, we can keep whatever you’re going to tell me between us.”
“Okay.” Adam launched into the explanation of his real identity.
“And why do you think it’s necessary for me to know this?” Daniel said when Adam had finished.
“Because I may be able to help, but I doubt you would give me the same kind of access to evidence without knowing who I am and what I can do.”
“So you think your visions might be of use in this case, assuming, of course, that I believe you?”
“If you don’t, you could read the many Chicago newspaper accounts of what I accomplished. As for the visions, I never know for sure if I’ll be able to help, but I’d like to try.”
“How can we do that?”
“I presume you’ve towed Gilbert’s car to the impound lot.”
Daniel smiled. “Remember, you’re not in the big city any longer. We don’t have an impound lot. The car is sitting in the lot at the towing company.”
“Just as good. I only need to examine it. Maybe the car can tell us something.”
“I’ve already looked the car over. There didn’t seem to be anything in it, except the dead body, of course. I’ve called forensics from Charleston to have a look, but I don’t know that they’ll find anything.”
“What I can do won’t tell us anything directly, but maybe it can tell us something through me.”
“I’m willing to try just about anything once. Want to meet me there, or do you want to ride along?”
“I might as well ride with you—you know where you’re going and I don’t know where the lot is.”
“No problem. Let’s go.” Daniel led the way out of his office and out of the police station. He climbed into the driver’s side of a patrol car, indicating Adam should get in the passenger side. When they reached the lot of the company that had towed the vehicle from the road where the body had been found, they went into the office. Daniel asked, “Where’d you stash the car from this morning?”
“The one that Mason was killed in?”
“Yes. Did you haul any others this morning?”
“Yes, I did. But they ain’t here. The one you want is in back of the lot. Want me to show you where?”
“Not necessary. I’m sure we can find it.” Daniel indicated Adam should follow him through a side door that opened onto the lot where a dozen or so cars were stored. He headed to the back where the only yellow car in the lot could be seen.
“What now?” Daniel asked when they arrived beside the car.
“Now I’ll touch the car and see whether it can tell me anything.” Adam reached out to place his hand on the car’s roof. He closed his eyes.
Daniel saw Adam’s shoulders twitch for a few seconds and then his cheeks reddened.
Adam’s mind’s eye expanded into a vision of the car. He saw someone behind the wheel and another man beside the car. Adam flinched slightly as the man outside the car shot the one in the car. The image shot only once. When the shot went off, the vision ended. Adam visibly relaxed.
“Anything?”
“I saw a man shooting into the car.”
“Could you tell who it was?”
“No. It was too dark. You told me it was ten miles out of town, after all.”
“So, not much help?”
“Not a lot, but at least we know it was another man and there was only one perpetrator.”
“What would you suggest next?”
“It’s not my place to make suggestions. This is your case. But because you asked and I do have some experience in such crimes...”
“I’ll just bet you do, having been a crime reporter both in New York and Chicago. That’s not even counting your stints as a finder. So...”
“What I would do next is search his house to see whether there’s any clue to his real name and history.”
“That may not be necessary. I’ve already talked to his wife and told her about the murder. I told her someone would talk to her later. I guess this would constitute later.”
“Sounds like a good idea. Maybe she’ll have some idea of who might want her husband dead.”
“It’s possible. Let’s go.”
“Are you sure you want me there when you talk to her? Maybe one of your deputies might be a better choice.”
“Do I take it that you don’t want to do it?”
“Absolutely not. I would very much like to go along.”
“That talent you described about being able to tell when someone’s lying might prove useful when talking to a wife that might try to defend her dead husband.”
“It might, at that,” Adam said. “By the way, has the coroner given you the time of death yet?”
“Yes. Somewhere between one thirty and three in the morning.”
Adam didn’t say anything. He deduced he could pinpoint the time of death precisely, as it must’ve been when Bagel howled. Somehow that dog knew a killing had taken place. He didn’t know how Bagel knew, but then he didn’t know how Bagel did the other things he did. Another Bagel talent, if that’s what it could be called, discovered.
Chapter 20
When Daniel knocked on the front door of Gilbert’s house, it took only a few seconds until a middle-aged woman with red eyes and a puffy face opened the door. She’d obviously been crying.
“Mrs. Stern, I’m Sheriff Stibbens,” Daniel said. “I’m so sorry for your loss. May we ask you a few questions?”
“But isn’t he a reporter?” She pointed at Adam.
“Yes, ma’am, I am. The chief just thought that, considering I’d interviewed Gilbert previously, I might be able to provide some insight about who might’ve killed him. If you’re uncomfortable with my being here, I can leave.”
She shook her head. “No, I don’t care, you can stay. I was just a bit surprised. Come in.” She opened the door wide and Adam and Daniel went through the door directly into the living room. She walked to a light-beige, overstuffed chair and sat down heavily. She waved them to the couch but almost immediately got back to her feet. “Pardon my manners. Would either of you gentlemen like a cup of coffee? I just made a fresh pot. I was hoping the coffee would help.”
Adam shook his head and Daniel said, “No, thank you.”
She sat back down.
Daniel pulled a small notebook out of his shirt pocket and Adam did likewise. “Do you have any idea who might’ve wanted to kill your husband?” Daniel asked.
“Not exactly. I’d better start by telling you something about Gilbert that you don’t know.”
Daniel nodded. “Go ahead.”
 “Right. First off, his name wasn’t and my name isn’t Stern; it’s Harrison. We came here from Texas. Not that you asked, but my name is Darla.”
“I’m sorry,” Adam said, “but Gilbert said you came from Charleston.”
“That’s just the story we used here. We came from Texas just before we opened the Mason Jar. Gilbert was a doctor in Texas.”
“I’m sure there’s more to the story than that,” Daniel said.
“There is. Gilbert was an anesthesiologist and...he...made...a few mistakes.” She had trouble getting the words out.
“Oh,” Daniel said. “What happened?”
“Three people died over the course of four weeks and Gilbert was blamed. He admitted his mistakes, but two of the spouses filed suit and wanted Gilbert arrested for criminal misconduct. But he didn’t do it on purpose. He just made a mistake.”
“A mistake?” Adam echoed.
“Okay, several mistakes. But he didn’t do it on purpose. It turned out that one of his gas bottles was defective and caused the patients to receive more gas than they should have. They claimed Gilbert had tampered with the bottle, even though he vehemently denied it. They said if he didn’t do it, he should have at least stopped using that bottle of gas. Gilbert had no idea that the bottle was faulty and they hadn’t been able to determine what the people had died from.”
“So how did you end up here?” Daniel asked.
“It was Gilbert’s idea. He didn’t think it was fair that he was used as a scapegoat, so we decided to leave. We’d seen this area in some travel magazines, liked the look, and chose to come here. When we saw the empty restaurant, Gilbert came up with the Mason Jar idea.”
“You said three people died?” Daniel said.
“Yes.”
“Do you have their names? It might be a good place to start. Perhaps an angry family member tracked Gilbert down to this area.”
“I don’t know what they are right off the top of my head, but I know Gilbert had some legal papers in his office that had the names on them.” She headed through the living room to a back room and they followed. She went behind a desk and shuffled through papers in the drawers until she came up with what she was looking for. She handed a large sheet to Daniel. “The three people are listed as the defendant’s.”
“So the case went to court?” Daniel asked.
“No. These are the preliminary papers.”
“Okay, thanks.” Daniel reached for and accepted the papers. “We’ll see whether these names are any help.”
She nodded and then showed them to the door. Before they walked out, Adam said, “What are your plans for the restaurant?”
“I’m planning to keep the Mason Jar open. Gilbert managed the business, but I managed the kitchen. He came up with the name Mason Jar and had the idea of serving the drinks in Mason jars, but the Mason sandwich was actually my idea copied from a sandwich I’d had years before.”
“I’m happy to hear that,” Adam said. “You know I was going to write a review about your restaurant, don’t you?”
“Gilbert had mentioned it to me.”
“Well, if it’s all right, I’d still like to write a review.”
“Yes, of course it’s all right. I’d be pleased if you’d write the review.”
“I’ll wait a few weeks for this to die down and then I’ll come back to the restaurant for several meals of things besides the Mason sandwich, which, by the way, I thoroughly enjoyed. I had one for lunch the other day. I also loved the fries.”
“I’m so pleased to hear that. I’m sure you’ll find the rest of the food to your liking as well. Listen to us. Gilbert’s body is hardly cold, and we’re talking about the restaurant.”
“It does seem a bit callous, I have to admit,” Adam said, “but I was curious about what you were going to do about the restaurant. Thank you for letting me know, but now the sheriff and I’ll go and leave you to your grief.”
She looked at Daniel. “Let me know if I can be of any further assistance. I want to be sure you catch whoever did this…horrible thing.” She choked back a sob.
“We’ll catch him,” Daniel said with more conviction than he felt. “Let’s go,” he said to Adam and led the way through the door and down the steps toward the car.
As they drove away, Adam said, “Do you recognize any of those names, Chief?”
“No, unfortunately, I don’t. That would’ve been too easy. I’m still willing to bet our killer is one of the relatives of these people that died. I don’t know for sure, of course, but I have a feeling.”
“I know about feelings.”
“Not your kind of feelings, Ram, just cop’s instincts.”
“I know about cop’s instincts, too. Some of the cops I’ve known over the years had instincts almost as refined as my visions.”
“After a number of years, you do sort of get to where you know something without really knowing for sure. Know what I mean?”
“I do.”
They rode the rest of the way to the police station in silence. When they were inside, they found Eugene and George waiting for Daniel in his office.
“Find out anything at all, guys?” Daniel asked.
“Nah,” George said. “Nobody saw anything.”
“I didn’t really think they would have, but we have to do things by the numbers. We were just talking to the widow. As it turns out, Gilbert was a doctor who got in trouble in Texas. His name was actually Harrison.”
“You mean his name really wasn’t Stern?” Eugene said.
“It wasn’t.” Daniel held up the paper with the names on it. “We have the names of three people who died because of a mistake Gilbert made. We’re hoping the names may lead to something.”
“Recognize any of them, Chief?” Eugene asked.
“I don’t. How about you?” He handed the list to Eugene. Eugene read through the names, shook his head, and then handed the list to George.
George looked at the names, shaking his head as well.
“Maybe I can be of some help,” Adam said.
Daniel looked at him askance, wondering why Adam would tell his secret to the deputies.
“I can do some research on the Internet, and maybe I’ll come up with a photo or two.”
Daniel grew visibly relieved because of the way Adam wanted to help. “I can contact a guy I know in Dallas. Maybe he can come up with some photos or something.”
“Good idea, Chief,” Adam said.
“Texas is an awfully big state,” George said. “Where did Gilbert practice?”
Daniel consulted the paperwork. “In a city south of the Dallas-Fort Worth area called Waco.”
“I’m familiar with where Waco is,” George said. “It’s pretty close to Dallas. We might actually get lucky with some pictures.”
“At this point, all we can do is hope. We’ll have to try anything we can think of.”
“Agreed,” Adam said. “And, speaking of that, I think I’ll go try, if I can have a copy of the names.”
“Of course you can,” Daniel said.
“I’ll make a copy,” George said. He hurried from the office and in a few seconds he came back with a copy that he handed to Adam. Adam left with a nod to each of them.
As soon as Adam set foot on the street, he called Debbie. “Have you heard the news, Debbie?”
“I presume you mean about the murder?”
“I do.”
“Yes, I heard. What about it?”
“Nothing. Only that’s what I’ve been working on this morning. Sheriff Stibbens and I we talking to Gilbert’s wife. That’s why I haven’t made it to the office yet.”
“You don’t have to apologize to me. After all, you’re the boss.”
“I guess I am. But I’m not used to being a boss and it’s going to take some adjustment.”
“Well, I’ll do what I can to help. I have the information you wanted about Britney and her parents.”
“Good. I’m eager to see it and to talk to you about it, but I have something I need to take care of right now and probably for the rest of the day. How about we get together first thing in the morning?”
“Fine by me. Anything you want me to do in the meantime?”
“Did you get a filing cabinet from Buddy?”
“I found the one I thought would suit our purpose, but he didn’t have one in stock. All he had was the floor sample so he’s ordered one for us. It should be here tomorrow—it only has to come from Charleston.”
“That’s good. How are you with computers, Debbie?”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean, what do you know about computers? I assume you used one when you were the confidential secretary.”
“I did. I’m pretty comfortable with a computer. I used a word processor for correspondence and a spreadsheet to keep track of travel expenses and the like.”
“I thought as much. I’d like you to go to whatever passes for a computer store in Canary Corners, and see what kind of computer systems they carry. I want you to order two of them—one for your office and one for my office—and arrange for phones and an Internet connection for the computers. Speaking of the office, did Buddy do as he promised, and get the place cleaned up?”
“He did. He had a cleaning crew come in this morning. I supervised to make sure they did a good job. How much do you want me to spend on the computers?”
“I want you to spend however much money it takes to get top-of-the-line computers. I don’t believe in scrimping on technology. I’d rather spend a little more because the best technology will ultimately save us time, which translates into money.”
“I’m sure you’re right. Actually, there’s a pretty good computer store in Canary Corners. Paul bought several computers for the bank from them, and he’s been pleased not only with the computers but with the service provided by the store.”
“That’s good to hear. Make sure you get a printer for each of our offices as well. Again, get the best ones available. Laser printers might be best, but maybe one of them should be color. Buy a laser and a color printer for your office if you’d like, along with a laser printer for my office. Also, buy several reams of paper so we’ll have plenty. Nothing I hate more than to run out of paper just when I need to print out something important. Have them send the bill to the bank and make arrangements with Paul to pay it out of my funds.”
“Will do, Ram. The store may have to order the computers in, but, if they do, they’ll probably come from Charleston just like the filing cabinet, so we ought to have them in a day or two.”
“As I said, I also need you to arrange for Internet access in the office for both of our computers. Perhaps they could be networked. You also need to get a phone for each of our offices and have phone lines installed.”
“Actually, I’ve already been making arrangements for the phones. I’ll make sure the computer store hooks up the Internet and a network when they deliver the computers. The phones and phone line are due in the next few days.”
“I have to say, you certainly think ahead and are more efficient than I could’ve hoped for.”
“Just doing what I can to get us ready for business.”
Chapter 21
Before Adam went back to Canary House, he called the programmer of the Tweet’s website. He didn’t happen to be busy at the moment, so Adam made arrangements to learn how to blog right then. The programmer gave Adam directions to his home and he drove there immediately.
Adam stayed at the programmer’s house for only about a half hour. He picked up on new things quickly and understood the use of computer technology as long as he didn’t have to set the technology up. By the time he left, he felt comfortable with what needed to be done to post his blogs.
Next, he drove to Canary House so he could start his research on the Internet and be there for whoever came to deliver his mattress. Naturally, he took Bagel out for a walk before he got started. When he came back up in the elevator, Livinia stood waiting for the elevator on the third floor.
“Ram,” she said. “Nice to see you.”
“It’s always nice to see you, Livinia.”
“How would you like a grilled cheese sandwich for supper?”
“Is that an invitation?”
“Yes.”
“I thank you for that, but I have an alternate suggestion. How would it be if I took you to the Mason Jar for supper?”
“Will the Mason Jar be open?”
“I see you’ve heard the news.”
“About Mr. Mason being killed? Yes.”
“That’s what I was talking about. Did you also know that his name wasn’t Mason and though he claimed it was Stern, it turned out that wasn’t his name, either?”
“No, I ain’t heard any of that. Who was he?”
“He was a doctor from Texas and his name was Harrison.”
“Is that a fact?”
“It’s a fact, according to Harrison’s wife.”
“If he was a doctor, why was he running a restaurant?”
“I’m sorry, Livinia. I don’t know how much of this I should be telling you. The police are investigating the murder and maybe they wouldn’t want some of this information spread around.”
“That’s okay. I still wonder if the Mason Jar will be open.”
“When Sheriff Stibbens and I talked to Gilbert’s wife, she said it was her intention to keep the restaurant open. If you want to go, I can check with the restaurant first to be sure it’s open. If it’s not, we can go somewhere else.”
She blushed a little and looked away. “Ain’t you a little young for me?”
“Now, Livinia, you know it’s not like that. Besides, you asked me, remember? All I did was offer an alternate location.”
“There’s something you should know first.”
“What’s that?”
“I’ve invited my grandniece for supper.”
“That’s okay. I’ll be happy to take both of you out.”
“A double-date?”
“I would hardly call it a double-date. A double-date is when two couples go out together.”
“I know that. I was just kidding.”
“I know you were. So is it a date then?”
“If you’re sure you want to take the two of us out. Honestly, I think you may find her interesting—she’s an English teacher at the high school and I think she’s fun to be with.”
“If your grandniece is anything like you, I’m sure the evening will be quite memorable. Why don’t you and I meet here and then we can go pick up your grandniece. What’s her name, by the way? It’s rather awkward calling her your grandniece.”
“Her name is Martha, but everybody calls her Marti.”
“Marti it is, then. What time?”
“Seven o’clock will be okay with me. You don’t mind picking her up?”
“Of course not, unless she would rather meet us here.”
“Tell you what. You and I’ll meet here and either she’ll be here or we’ll pick her up.”
“Sounds fair to me.”
“Okay,” Livinia said and then walked into the elevator. Adam pressed the “Doors Close” button and hurried off before they did. Livinia gave him a small wave as the doors closed.
When Adam went into his apartment, the first thing he noticed was the Boggle shaker box had been knocked on the floor again. Four dice separated were from the rest. Adam looked at the letters. They were X, N, T, and P. He puzzled over the letters for a few seconds before he snapped his fingers in recognition. “The abbreviation for Texas, of course,” he thought to himself. He shook his head in amazement but said to Bagel, “Thanks for the clue, Bagel, but you’re too late. We already know about Texas.”
Bagel looked at him with a noncommittal stare. Adam rounded up the dice, put them in the shaker box, and put the box back on the shelf. He settled behind his desk to boot up the computer. First, he looked up what newspapers from Texas were on the web.
Someone knocked on the door. It proved to be the two men delivering his mattress. He showed them the bedroom, where they took off the old mattress and replaced it with his new mattress. They had him lay down on the mattress to be sure of everything, and then they left, taking the old mattress with them.
Back at the computer, he found the Dallas-Fort Worth Morning News and looked as far back as he could, but they only had a couple of months of archived articles. That didn’t help, because he needed information from at least two years ago. Next, he located the website for the Waco Tribune-Herald but it apparently had barely started to have a web presence and only had a few days’ worth of information. He did, however, find a phone number he could use.
Adam asked for the archives when the person answered at the newspaper.
“Good day. Is this the newspaper archives?” he said when connected.
“Yes, sir, it is. What can I do for you?” The male voice on the other end sounded friendly with a deep and slightly scratchy voice.
“I need you to look up something for me.”
“Happy to oblige, if I can.”
“How many years of archives do you keep?” Adam knew most newspapers kept records from many prior years, but he thought it prudent to ask.
“We have newspapers from as far back as World War II. Is that far enough back for you?”
“I don’t need anything that far back. Just a couple of years ago, actually.”
“Do you have a date for me?”
“I’m afraid I don’t, but I have a name.”
“So you want me to look up somebody without a specific date?”
“I’m afraid so. I assume there was some type of scandal, however.”
“That might help. A scandal would probably have generated copy for several days in a row. That might make finding it easier. What’s the name?”
“Harrison’s the name. He was a doctor that was blamed for several deaths and then disappeared.”
“I vaguely remember that. Let me see what I can find. Be back with you in a few. Do you want to call back or would you rather hang on?”
“I’ll hang on, if it’s okay.”
“Of course.”
Adam heard elevator music playing for several minutes. The man’s voice came back on the line. “Okay. I got it. What do you want to know?”
“Are there any pictures of the relatives of the victims?”
“As a matter of fact, there are. They had an altercation out in front of Harrison’s office that made the paper.”
“Is there any way you can fax or, better yet, e-mail a copy of the pictures to me?”
“Why? Did you find Harrison?”
“Yes and no. I’m in West Virginia and he’d opened a restaurant here, but somebody killed him this morning.”
“So you want the pictures to have a suspect pool?”
“That’s the idea. Can you send them to me?”
“I can, but I don’t know if I want to.”
“Why the heck not?”
“Maybe the killer did society a favor by killing Harrison.”
“Is that really for you or me to judge? The way I hear it, the deaths were accidental.”
“Or so Harrison said. If he was so innocent, why did he run away?”
“His wife said it was because he didn’t want to be the scapegoat.”
“Sure. How can someone that’s guilty be considered a scapegoat?”
“We can continue to argue the merits of the case or I can try to solve the murder. I guess it’s your choice.”
“I guess I’ll e-mail them to you. Where do you want them sent?”
Adam gave him his e-mail address and sat back and waited for the e-mails to arrive. It took half an hour before they showed up in his inbox.
“Hey, Chief,” Adam said when Daniel answered the phone. “Had any luck getting more information?”
“Not yet.”
“I’ve got some. I called the newspaper archives and got some pictures e-mailed to me. Want to see them?”
“What am I going to say, no?”
“Okay. I thought I’d ask. If you’ve got a few minutes, I can run them over to you now.”
“Come on over. I’ll round up Eugene and George. Maybe together, we’ll recognize somebody.”
“Okay. I’ll be there in a few minutes.”

“Good afternoon, gentlemen,” Adam said when he walked into the interview room in the police station. Patty had told him where the three of them were waiting, pointing him to the room.
“I hear tell you got some pictures,” George said.
“I do,” Adam said.
“May I?” Daniel reached for the printouts.
“Of course.” Adam handed them to him.
All three of them gathered around, staring intently at the pictures. “I think I recognize this guy,” Eugene said, pointing at one of the pictures.
“How so?” Daniel said.
“I think I gave him a speeding ticket a couple of months back.”
“Are you sure?”
“No, I’m not sure, but he sure looks like the guy I stopped. Let me go get my ticket pad and maybe we can go visiting.”
“You do that,” Daniel said.
Eugene went to his desk and came back in a few seconds. He leafed through the pages of the ticket book and then said, “Here it is.”
“How can you be sure?” Daniel asked.
“I’m sure because the guy was a royal pain. See,” he held out the pad for all to see, “I wrote belligerent on it. The other thing I remember is that he was driving a brand-new pickup and he had a gun rack in the back window that had two nice-looking rifles and a shotgun. He also had some unopened beer cans on the seat, but I didn’t smell anything so I didn’t test him because they weren’t opened.”
“Guns are allowed here, I presume.” Adam really didn’t know.
“They are,” Daniel said. “Guns are allowed as long as they’re unloaded and in plain sight.”
“They were unloaded,” Eugene said. “I had him show me as he was being so nasty. I was hoping one of them was loaded so I could bring him in for the misdemeanor.”
“Where does he live?” George asked.
“The address I have on the ticket is out on Ridge Road.”
“Let’s go, then,” Daniel said.
“Should we take the shotguns?” Eugene asked.
“Maybe we should. If he’s our guy, and he has a tendency toward aggressiveness, there’s no telling what we might run into.”
“Can I ride along, Chief?” Adam said.
“I don’t think so. We might run into trouble. I’ll let you know when we’re back.”
“Works for me.”
“Let’s go, then,” Daniel said to his deputies. They all walked out together. The policemen took two squad cars and Adam drove back to Canary House.
Adam dozed slightly when his nap was disturbed by his cell phone ringing. The call came from Daniel. “Was it him?”
“No. The guy’s lived here all his life and, up close, he didn’t look that much like the picture. However, there was a resemblance so Eugene was right to have us check him out.”
Chapter 22
Adam had been relaxing when he realized the time. He jumped up and put on more presentable clothes. He called the Mason Jar and found out it would be open. At precisely seven o’clock, he walked out into the hall. Livinia stood there with a very attractive, thirty-something woman. She had dark hair cut fashionably short to frame her cute, pixie-like face that held large, expressive eyes. Her electric blue dress shimmered a bit and hugged her slim figure nicely. She wore a light scent that he found alluring. She seemed to be a bit taller than most of the women he’d seen in Canary Corners being, he judged, at least five feet eight.
“Good evening, Ram. This is…” Livinia started to say.
“Marti, of course.”
She came toward him with an outstretched hand. He took it, but remembering she was an English teacher he thought he would try the Victorian approach that he’d used successfully in the past. Instead of shaking her hand, he turned it palm down and did a little bow over it.
After he let go, she did a small curtsy, picking up on his approach, and said, “Why, thank you, sir.”
“My pleasure, princess. Your carriage awaits without.”
“Without what?” Livinia said.
“Now cut that out,” Adam said. “I know perfectly well you know what I meant.”
Livinia suppressed a giggle.
“You’ll have to pardon my aunt, Ram. It’s okay if I call you Ram, isn’t it?”
“That’s my name, and the only one I’ve been called for more years than I care to remember.”
“Anyway, you’ll have to pardon my aunt. She sometimes has a rather strange sense of humor.”
“That’s quite all right. I find her sense of humor refreshing.”
Livinia nodded in acknowledgment. “Shall we go?” she asked.
“Let’s.” Adam pushed the elevator button.
They stood in uncomfortable silence while the elevator groaned and squeaked its way up to their floor. They all got in, riding down to the bottom floor without saying anything.
“Aunt Livinia tells me you’re going to be writing for the Tweet,” Marti said as they exited the elevator.
“That’s right.”
“What are you going to write about?”
“Mostly general interest stuff. I’ve already talked to Livinia about writing a column about Canary House and, as a corollary, her family. It might end up being one article or I might get several out of it. She’s graciously volunteered pictures of herself, her parents, and her brother. He was your grandfather, I presume.”
“He was,” Marti said. “He was killed in a coal mine explosion. His wife, my grandmother, was pregnant with my father at the time.”
“Livinia told me about his dying in the mine explosion.”
“I didn’t know him personally, of course, but I’ve heard a lot about him. Apparently, he was quite a guy.”
“Maybe I could write a column about just him.”
“You probably could,” Livinia said. “I’ve got lots of stories…”
“I’d love to hear all of them, but not just now. I don’t know about you two, but I’m a bit hungry.”
“Are we going to the Mason Jar?” Livinia asked.
“If that’s okay. I checked and it’s open.”
“Okay by me,” Livinia said. “Is the Mason Jar all right with you, Marti?”
Marti nodded vigorously.
“Mason Jar it is, then.” He opened the back door of the car and Livinia slid in. He closed the door, went around to the other side, and opened the passenger door for Marti.
When they got to the restaurant, the parking lot was full and several cars were parked on the shoulder of the highway. “Ghoulish interest, no doubt,” Adam said.
Marti nodded. “Probably so. I haven’t seen this many cars in the parking lot since Canary Corners made it to the state-qualifying high school football game.”
When they went inside, there were a number of people milling around by the cash register. Tamila, the waitress Adam and Larry had met before, appeared. “It’ll be about fifteen minutes before a table is ready. Is that okay?”
Adam looked at his two companions and they both gave a little nod. He said, “That’ll be fine. We don’t mind a little wait.”
She went to a sheet of paper by the cash register. “Ram and a party of two. I’ll get you seated as quickly as possible, Ram.” She smiled as she grabbed a couple of menus and beckoned a man and woman to follow her.
One seat was available by the window in the waiting area and Adam hurried to the seat before anybody else had the opportunity to sit in it. He made a slight bow. “Livinia, my dear, would you care to be seated?”
“I would, sir. Thanks for the offer.”
Marti had to smile at their banter. “Before long, the two of you are going to start spouting Shakespeare.”
“Not a chance of that happening,” Adam said. “At least not on my part. Of all the things I’ve studied and of all the things I’ve read, Shakespeare has not been among them.”
“You don’t like Shakespeare?” Marti asked.
Adam shook his head. “Never had any interest in it. To my way of looking at it, Shakespeare’s too hard to read and too hard to understand when you’re reading it.”
“Hmmm. A reporter who doesn’t like Shakespeare. I’m going to have to keep my English students away from you.”
“Considering you’re an English teacher, perhaps I should apologize for not liking Shakespeare.”
She flashed a captivating smile. “I was only teasing, at least somewhat. I do have to admit being a bit surprised by a reporter that doesn’t appreciate the beauty of Shakespeare.”
“Sorry, but when I was in school, I went in more for Agatha Christie, Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, and Edgar Rice Burroughs.”
“That’s an interesting mix of authors.”
“I like adventures and mysteries.”
“And I’ll bet you enjoyed uncovering them when you were a crime reporter.”
“You read me like a book.”
“Is that allusion to my profession?”
“Guilty as charged, ma’am.”
They talked about the weather and other miscellaneous topics until Tamila came back and said, “I have a booth for you now. Follow me, please.” She led them to a booth and Adam helped Livinia slide her tiny body into one side of the booth. Marti sat beside her with Adam across the table from both of them. Tamila handed each of them a menu and then disappeared in the back.
“By the way, in case Livinia hasn’t mentioned it, I’m rich. Feel free to order absolutely anything you want. Oh, my gosh,” he put his hand to his mouth, “I hope that didn’t sound like I’m bragging, but I want you to feel comfortable with whatever you want to order. I don’t claim to be rich because I’m super smart or anything close to that. I’m only rich because I got extremely lucky during the dot-com boom. I didn’t have much savings——I’d been an underpaid reporter for a long time—so I started out small with just a few stocks. Fortunately, a lucky investment here and another there and before you knew it I had millions in my stock account.”
“It didn’t sound like bragging to me,” Marti said. “You should be proud of what you accomplished. So many lost their fortunes when the boom went bust. Aunt Livinia has already told me, anyway.”
A short time after she’d left, Tamila came back asking for their drink order. Adam ordered Sweetwater for himself and the two ladies ordered Sweetwater as well. Adam ordered the shrimp plate with fries. Both of the ladies ordered Mason sandwiches.
“I like a variety of things here,” Marti said, “but I can’t resist the Mason sandwiches.”
“I know what you mean. I was tempted to order one, too, but, if I’m going to write a review of the restaurant, I need to sample other things.”
“Are you going to write a review?” Marti asked.
“That’s the plan. It may be a while because I intend to sample several items beforehand.”
“Well, I’ll look forward to reading it.”
They passed a bit of time talking about meaningless topics before Adam brought up the topic top-most in his mind. “Because you’re a teacher, I thought I’d ask whether you know of any students that have arrived from Texas sometime in the past two years.”
Marti thought about it for a few moments and then said, “No. Not that I can think of. Why do you ask?”
He explained his theory about the possibility of Gilbert’s killer tracking him from Texas and maybe bringing some children along.
“That’s an interesting theory. Teaching high school, I don’t have much contact with the younger crowd. On Monday, I’ll check with some of the other teachers.”
“That’d be appreciated.”
“Happy to do it. Having someone murdered in our peaceful community is disturbing to all of us and the person needs to be caught and brought to justice. No matter what the doctor was or was not guilty of, no one deserves to be murdered.”
“My feelings exactly.” Adam smiled as Tamila sat his plate of shrimp before him. “This looks good.” He managed to hold back until the ladies had their sandwiches. As soon as they had taken their first bite, he sampled the small bowl of coleslaw that came with his dinner. “Wow. This is different. Very good, but different.”
“Yes,” Livinia said. “I’ve never figured out what they do differently to the coleslaw, but it sure is good.”
“It is indeed.” Adam had devoured half his bowl before he could stop himself. He sampled a piece of shrimp. “This is good, too. They must have their own batter recipe as well because I haven’t tasted shrimp like this before.”
“I think they must,” Marti said. “I love the shrimp here.” Before she had a chance to stop him, Adam had placed two of his shrimp on her plate. “That isn’t necessary. There’s more sandwich here than I can generally manage.”
“I like to share,” Adam said. “Besides, you can take half the sandwich home and have lunch for Monday. If teacher’s salaries here are like they are in other places I’ve been, you can probably use a free lunch.”
“I always can, especially when it’ll be half a Mason sandwich.” She put down her sandwich to pick up one of the shrimp. “Thanks so much for the shrimp,” she said after she’d eaten the first one. “I love whatever they put in the batter. It’s so…words fail me.”
“The shrimp really is special if it can cause an English teacher to be wordless.” Adam smiled.
“Scrumptious comes to mind.”
“That’s a good word. How about you Livinia, do you like the shrimp, too?”
“I do, but don’t pass me any. You won’t have enough to eat.”
“I could always order another plate. If I had any left, I could have them for lunch or I could share them with Bagel.”
“Bagel?” Marti asked.
“Bagel’s my beagle. He belonged to my mother, but now he’s mine. He’s a very special dog.”
“Bagel’s an odd name for a dog. How did he come by that name?”
“Actually, I don’t know. That’s all he’s ever been called in my presence.”
“Did your mother name him?”
“Not that I know of. He was given to her by her sister and I imagine he was already tagged with the moniker.”
“I know I’m going to regret asking, but how is Bagel special?”
“Not to worry,” Adam smiled. “I won’t bore you with a long, drawn-out Bagel speech.”
“For one thing,” Livinia said, “he smiles at you.”
“A dog that smiles?”
Adam nodded. “That’s right. He pulls his top lip back and, to all intents and purposes, he’s smiling. He doesn’t smile for just anyone. Only for the people he likes and senses I like.”
“Do you think he’d smile for me?”
“I’m sure he would. I’m sure he’ll like you—I certainly do, if that’s not too forward of me to say.” Adam caught the smile that creased Livinia’s face.
“That’s not forward at all. I think you’re quite pleasant company, too,” Marti said. “Aunt Livinia was right when she told me that you are somebody special.”
“Well, I thank the two of you for that. I already knew Livinia was special and I’m glad that now I know it about you as well.”
“We’d better change the subject before it gets too deep in here,” Marti said. “I didn’t bring my shovel. What makes Bagel special other than the fact that he smiles?”
“He can do tricks.”
“What kind of tricks? Things like sitting up, rolling over, and fetching?”
“All the normal dog tricks like the ones you mentioned, but he has a few unique to him as well.”
“Such as?”
“He likes to play a game that I call colors.”
“What’s that?”
“He has a rather large collection of colorful toys and, when I name a particular color, he can fetch a toy of that color from his collection.”
“Are you pulling my leg?”
Adam shook his head. “No, ma’am. It’s true. When we get back to Canary House, I’m sure Bagel would love to show off for you.”
“I’d love to see it,” Marti said.
“I would, too,” Livinia said.
“We’ll do it, then,” Adam said as he popped the last of his shrimp in his mouth and reached for a roll from the small basket that had almost magically appeared on the table after they’d begun eating. He buttered the roll and took a bite. “Superlatives are beginning to fail me. This roll is just as special as the rest of the meal.”
“I know,” Marti said. “They’re definitely the best rolls served in any of the restaurants anywhere around here.”
“Without eating at all the other places, I feel safe in saying you’re no doubt correct.”
“I know I shouldn’t after devouring half my sandwich and most of the fries, but I’d appreciate it if I could have one of your rolls.”
“Of course.” Adam picked up the basket and offered her one.
“Thank you. I would’ve felt deprived if I’d left here without savoring one of these fantastic rolls.”
Adam turned the basket toward Livinia. “How about you, pretty lady? Would you like one?”
“I wouldn’t, but thanks for the offer.”
Tamila walked by their table and Adam stopped her. “The two ladies will need people bags, please.”
“Pardon?”
“They’re like doggy bags except that the people intend to eat the leftovers themselves.”
“Oh,” she said. “Right away.” She pulled their check out of her pocket, set the check on the table, and then disappeared. She came back in a few seconds with two foam containers.
Chapter 23
When they got to Canary House, Marti took a second to put her food container in her car and then all three of them got into the elevator. When they reached the third floor, they followed Adam to his apartment. When they were inside, they were greeted by Bagel. He didn’t disappoint Marti because he smiled up at her.
“I really didn’t believe he could smile, even though I know both of you told me so.” She leaned down and massaged Bagel’s ears.
“You really are going to become fast friends with him if you keep that up. He loves that.”
“Beagles typically do, and they have such soft ears, it’s a pleasure to massage them.”
“Why don’t you two make yourself at home? I’ll take Bagel for a short walk.”
“I’d like to come with you if you don’t mind,” Marti said.
“How could I possibly mind the company of such a pretty lady?”
“Aunt Livinia, you’re right. He’s full of blarney.”
“Why don’t I wait here and you two take Bagel for his walk?”
“Are you playing matchmaker, Livinia?”
“Maybe. Do either of you object?”
Marti and Adam looked at each other, shaking their heads, almost in unison. “I don’t know about Marti,” Adam said, “but I certainly can’t find anything to object to.”
“Neither can I,” Marti said. “Shall we go? Bagel’s starting to look a bit cross-eyed.”
“Now you’re making things up.” Adam smiled. “We’ll be back in a few minutes,” he said, looking at Livinia.
“Take your time. I’m in no hurry.”
Adam led the way out of the apartment and pushed the elevator button. "That aunt of yours is quite a pip.”
“You don’t know the half of it. I’ve been on the receiving end of her acerbic wit more times than I care to count.”
“I think that may be a bit harsh. I don’t think, generally speaking, she’s trying to be nasty.”
“You’re right. Perhaps acerbic was not the right word to use. Maybe sarcastic would have been better.”
Adam led Bagel into the elevator as the doors opened. “That one I can accept. Sarcasm is definitely her cup of tea.”
Marti nodded and followed them into the elevator.
When the elevator opened on the ground floor, they walked out and almost bumped into a lady wearing a muumuu that did a poor job covering her bulk. Her white hair stuck out in spots like weeds in an untended garden. She had a small wart on her nose, and a larger one on her cheek. “Are you Ram?” she asked.
“I am. Can I do something for you, ma’am?”
“Not at all.” She stuck out her hand and Adam shook it, thinking how much her hand felt like soggy pasta. Her hand had so much flesh he couldn’t even feel her bones. “I’ve been wanting to meet you. Livinia has spoken about you several times. She didn’t exaggerate about how handsome you are.”
“Why, thank you, ma’am.” He wanted to compliment her back, but he knew whatever he said would fall flat. Instead, he said, “What might your name be?”
“I’m Dolly,” she said. “Is it true you’re writing for the Tweet?”
“It is.”
“Livinia said you’re going to write about Canary House.”
“That’s a possibility. I think Canary House might make an interesting story.”
“Well, if you do, I can tell you about the ghosts.”
“You’ve seen them?”
“I have.”
“Excuse me. But I’m being rude. Dolly, please meet Marti, Livinia’s grandniece.”
“We’ve met.”
“Yes,” Marti said. “Dolly is one of Aunt Livinia’s best friends in Canary House.”
“So nice to meet you, Dolly, but Bagel here needs to go outside.” Bagel stood with his forelegs leaning on Adam’s leg, sending a message in the only way he could at the moment.
“His name’s Bagel?”
“Yes, ma’am. Bagel the Beagle.”
“That’s cute.”
“You can’t blame that on me. He was already named when I got him.”
“It’s still cute. But you’d better be getting to business.”
“Yes, we had. When I get ready to write the article about Canary House, I’ll be sure to look you up, Dolly.”
“I’ll be proud to help.”
“Nice lady,” Adam said when they were outside.
“Most people in Canary House are nice. I’ve met most of them. There are a couple, though…”
“That’s all right. I’m sure I’ll find out when I meet them.”
They walked Bagel down to the end of the block, let him do his business, and were back upstairs quickly. Livinia sat on a folding chair in the hallway.
“Would you ladies like to see Bagel play colors now?” Adam opened the door to his apartment. Inside, he spotted the Boggle shaker box upended on the floor and five dice separated from the rest. “First, however, let’s examine those dice on the floor. They represent another of Bagel’s games.”
“Oh,” Marti said, walking to the dice and looking down at them. “And what’s that?”
“Bagel dumps the Boggle shaker box, and separates some of the dice and then I try to make words from the letters on the dice.”
The letters were R, V, S, A, and N.
Marti looked thoughtful for a few moments and then said, “The only word I can make from those letters is VAN.”
Adam stared at them for a few moments and said, “I don’t know. There’s also RAN as well as VANS.” He didn’t want to tell her that he might’ve partly understood Bagel’s message as he drove a minivan. He didn’t know for sure what the words meant, but he felt fairly certain the message indicated the minivan.
“I missed RAN but I saw the plural. Will Bagel do it again?”
“Sometimes he does and sometimes he doesn’t. I suppose it depends on what mood he’s in. I’ll scoop the letters together and we’ll see.”
He did, and then he joined the other two on the couch to wait for Bagel’s next move. Marti sat on Livinia’s left and though Adam really wanted to sit beside her, he didn’t feel comfortable enough with her opinion of him yet to be quite that forward. He sat on Livinia’s right. As they watched, Bagel wandered to the dice and separated six of them with his paw and used his paw and nose to flip some of them. The letters this time were P, F, T, E, L, and A.
“I see a few more words this time,” Marti said.
“What?”
“Well, let’s see. There’s FELT, PELT, ELF, LEFT, and FLAT.”
“Pretty good. But I also see PALE, FLAP, FETAL, LATE, FEAT, FLEA, LEAF, and LEAPT.” There were so many words to be made from the letters Bagel chose this time, Adam didn’t know what Bagel might’ve been getting at.
“What about TEA, PETAL, and LEAP?” Livinia said.
“Very good, Livinia,” Adam said.
“Now I also see PLEA, TAPE, APE, PAT, and PET,” Marti said.
“I can see I’d better not play Boggle with either of you. You’d beat my socks off.”
“Marti may, but I don’t stand a chance,” Livinia said.
“I don’t know,” Marti said. “Maybe we’ll have to try someday. For now, I’d like to see Bagel play colors.”
“Sounds like fun, and I’m sure Bagel will agree. It’s easy. All you do is tell him what color you want. Like Bagel, blue.”
Bagel immediately went to the pile of toys, nosed his way through it, brought back a stuffed, blue hippopotamus and dropped it at Adam’s feet.
“Go ahead and try it, Marti.”
She smiled. “Bagel, red.”
Bagel went back to the pile of toys and in a few seconds came back with a red, rubber toy resembling an alligator.
“That’s amazing,” Marti said.
“Bagel, orange,” Livinia said. Just as he’d done when Adam asked for an orange toy, he looked up at Livinia as if in confusion.
“I’m afraid he doesn’t know what orange means. Try yellow.”
“Bagel, yellow,” Livinia said.
Bagel immediately turned, trotted to the toys, and returned with a yellow, stuffed giraffe that he dropped at Livinia’s feet.
“That really is a cute trick,” Marti said. “Did you teach him to do that?”
“No. Actually, my mother taught him. But, as you can see, Bagel’s extremely smart.”
“I don’t think anyone could argue with that,” Livinia said.
“Pardon my manners,” Adam said. “Would either of you fine ladies like something to drink? A glass of wine, perhaps, or maybe just a glass of water?”
“Nothing for me,” Marti said. “I think it’s time I left. This turned out to be very pleasant but I think we’ve taken up enough of your time.”
“It’s not as if I have to get up for school tomorrow. And, because it’s Saturday, you don’t either. Therefore, you ladies can stay as long as you would like. Bagel and I’ve been batching long enough.”
“That’s a nice invitation, and I thank you for it, but I really do think Aunt Livinia and I should be going.”
“I’ll try to choke back my tears and do my best to hide my disappointment.” Adam hung his head in mock despair.
"Now who’s being sarcastic?” Marti teased.
“Only slightly,” Adam said. “I am a bit disappointed, but far be it from me to try to talk you out of doing what you think is right. I’m only playing with you.”
“Okay, then,” Marti said. “Without further ado, let’s be on our way, Aunt Livinia.” She held out her hand. Adam helped her to her feet and this time when Adam leaned over her hand, he kissed it. He reached to help Livinia up off the couch as it sat rather low to the floor. When she got to her feet, he leaned over and kissed her hand as well.
Livinia stifled a giggle. “You sure know how to turn a lady’s head.”
“Not at all,” Adam said and led them to the door. He walked out into the hallway and showed them to Livinia’s door. She took her key out of a pocket in her dress and opened the door.
“Thank you for the wonderful evening,” Livinia said and then stepped inside and closed the door.
“Would you mind if I walk you out?” Adam asked.
“I’d be disappointed if you didn’t.”
“Shall we go, then?” Adam walked over and pushed the elevator button.
When the doors opened, he bent his elbow toward her and she put her arm through it and let him escort her to the elevator. He felt grateful she didn’t try to remove her hand. When they were near the parking lot, he said, “Which one’s yours?”
She pointed at a maroon sedan. He walked her to the car and said, “Don’t forget to ask the other teachers about kids from Texas.”
“I won’t. I’d like to see the killer caught as much as you would.”
“I have another question, if I may.”
“Of course.”
“I really did enjoy our evening together and that’s no blarney. I’d love to see you again, if it would be okay.”
She raised herself up on her toes and kissed him on the cheek. “Is that enough of an answer for you?”
“It’ll do. What’s your preference? Would you like to go to dinner and a movie, just a movie, or just dinner?”
“I have no preference other than being with you. Whatever you choose is perfectly all right with me.”
“Do you need a couple of days as a cooling off period, or would tomorrow night be okay?”
“Tomorrow would be okay with me, but remember, I’ll have school the next day.”
“Can I have time to think about it, and call you?”
She looked slightly disappointed. “Take all the time you want.”
“I’m sorry, that didn’t come out right. I didn’t mean I don’t want to see you tomorrow night. I only meant I need a little time to decide about an appropriate movie, if I can find one locally.”
She reached into her purse and out came her car keys, along with a business card. “Here’s my number. Call me as soon as you decide anything.” She opened her car door with the key.
“I’ll certainly do that,” he said as she slid behind the wheel. He put his hands on the top of her door, but didn’t feel ready to close it. “Until tomorrow, then. ‘Parting is such sweet sorrow.’”
She looked at him and said, “No Shakespeare, huh?”
“I only know a few quotes that probably everybody in America over the age of ten knows. As I said, I usually don’t understand them. That one included, because parting from you isn’t sweet sorrow. It’s anything but sweet.”
“Now you’re venturing into blarney again.”
“I am not. I meant every word.”
“Okay, enough. I’ll see you on the morrow.”
“You will indeed, if I have anything to say about it.”
Chapter 24
When Adam got up the next morning, he smiled, thinking of his prior time with Marti and the evening he hoped loomed ahead. When he walked out into the living room, he noticed Bagel had knocked the Boggle shaker box off the shelf again. Six dice were separated out. They were F, O, R, D, Z, and a second O. It took only a second or two for Adam to rearrange the letters in his mind to come up with the word FOOD. He went into the kitchen and looked at the container that held Bagel’s food and noticed it had no food inside. He’d forgotten he’d used the last of it the night before. Bagel lay in the living room, calmly watching him come out of the kitchen.
“You really are a wise guy, aren’t you? You knew you were out of food.”
Bagel merely looked up at him with a blank stare, wagged his tail, sat down, and bent over to lick himself.
“All right. May I get dressed first, please? Then I’ll go get you some food.” He went into the bedroom and took a few moments to select clothes that looked better than the ones he threw on the day before. He had a thought and dug Marti’s card out of the pants he’d been wearing the night before.
“Hello.” She sounded a bit groggy.
“I’m sorry, did I wake you?”
“No,” she said, sounding slightly more awake. “I haven’t had my third cup of coffee yet.”
“I hope you’re joking.”
“I am. I don’t even like coffee. I drink tea. I do like the smell of freshly brewed coffee, even though I can’t stand the taste.”
“I’m sorry to bother you so early, but I had a thought. Have you eaten breakfast yet?”
“I haven’t. What do you have in mind?”
“I would love to take you out for breakfast, if you’ll allow me.”
“It’s allowed, as long as you give me some time to throw on some clothes. I generally sit around in my robe in the morning reading either the paper or a good book.”
“I usually read when I’m going to bed.”
“I do that to. I guess I’d have to say I’m addicted to reading.”
“There are a lot worse addictions.”
“True enough, but back to the subject at hand.”
“Yes. How long will it take you to get presentable? Not that I don’t think you would be presentable as you currently are, but it’d probably be best to wear something besides a robe in public.”
“There you go with the blarney again. But to answer your question, it’ll only take me a half hour or so. Would you like me to meet you somewhere or would you rather pick me up?”
“I’d rather pick you up. Then I can hold you captive.”
“Should I feel threatened?” Adam could hear the smile in her voice.
“Come on now. You know I was only kidding.”
“I know. Why don’t you pick me up in about half an hour? My address is on the card I gave you, which you must be looking at now considering you called me at home.”
“I am looking at it now, and I do believe I can find your address. If I get lost, I’ll call you back. See you in about half an hour.”
“It’s a date.”
When Adam took Bagel out for his morning walk, he went in the direction of the parking lot and it proved to be a good thing he did because he noticed his car had a flat tire. He uttered a few expletives and took Bagel back upstairs, where he put on some grubbier clothes. He went downstairs and changed the tire on his car. Fortunately, his spare had air in it. He’d forgotten to look after he bought the car, so he felt lucky. Changing the tire took him roughly fifteen minutes, which left him only about ten minutes to go upstairs, get out of his grubby clothes and back into his other clothes, wash up, and get to Marti’s house in the time frame they’d established. At almost exactly half an hour, he knocked on her door. She came to the door in a sweatshirt, blue jeans and tennis shoes—much the same outfit he had on.
“Good morning, sir,” she said.
“And a good morn to you, my lady.”
She smiled, and then he broke the mood by saying, “I’ve got a Bagel secret.”
“What’s that supposed to mean?”
“You remember the two Boggle selections Bagel made last night?”
“How could I forget anything so amazing?”
“Well, prepare to be even more amazed. Two of the words we discovered were VAN in the first set of letters and FLAT in the second set of letters.”
She remembered he’d driven them to the restaurant the night before in a minivan and she could now see it parked in the street. “You’re not going to tell me you had a flat tire this morning on your minivan.”
“I am too. That’s exactly what I’m going to tell you.”
“And you think Bagel predicted your flat tire?” She raised her eyebrows questioningly.
“How would you interpret it?”
“I don’t know that I would. I think I’d just chalk the whole thing up to coincidence.”
“As a reporter, I don’t believe in coincidences.”
“But what you’re suggesting is…is…is…”
“I know it is. Forget I mentioned it if it makes you uncomfortable. I certainly didn’t tell you to upset you.”
“I’m not upset. I’m just not ready to accept that your dog’s psychic in some way or another.”
“Granted. I don’t know that I’m ready to accept it either. I just thought it seemed a bit strange.”
“It definitely is that. You know, there’s another possibility.” She smiled and he knew she was up to something but he played along anyway.
“What’s that?”
“Maybe to make his prediction come true, Bagel stole away in the middle of the night, slipped downstairs, and let the air out of your tire.”
“No need to make fun of me.” But he smiled.
“Sorry,” she said mockingly. She turned the lock on her door, closed it, and wiggled the handle to be sure she’d gotten it locked.
As they walked to his car, Adam happened to remember his appointment with Debbie this morning. “Excuse me a minute, Marti. I have to make a phone call that I just remembered.”
“No problem. Go right ahead.”
Before he dialed, he opened the door for her, and closed it after she’d slid into the seat.
“Debbie. Where are you? I’m sorry. That didn’t come out right. What I meant to ask is, are you in the office yet?”
“I am.”
“Well, I won’t be there for a while. I haven’t eaten breakfast yet.”
“No problem,” she said. “I’m just crunching some numbers this morning.”
“Okay. You hang around there and I’ll get there as quickly as I can. I’d really like to get this decided this morning if we can.”
When Adam got in the car, Marti looked at him and said, “Did I hear the name Debbie?”
“You did. Nothing to worry about. I’m starting a foundation to help some worthy people that live in the area. Debbie’s the bank president’s wife that I hired to help filter requests. I imagine that as soon as it gets known that I’m willing to help, I’ll be inundated with requests.”
“I’m sure you will be, and I’m glad you’re going to have somebody to help you. If you didn’t, we might never be able to enjoy your writing. Besides, I know Debbie. She’s a nice lady.”
“She is indeed and I do hope you’ll enjoy my writing. By the way, do you know any place that serves a good breakfast?”
“I know a place or two. There are a few small restaurants around here that are open for breakfast.”
He passed a supermarket and decided he’d better pull in and get food for Bagel.
“None of them are here, however.”
“I’m sorry. But I have to stop and get Bagel some food. He’s completely out. That’s actually what I had planned to do this morning when I thought about calling you.” He thought about telling her that Bagel had told him about being out of food with the Boggle dice, but thought it might be better to save that for some other time—after all, she’d just said she couldn’t believe in a psychic dog.
“So I’m only second on your list?”
“I suppose so, if you want to put it that way. But you’re moving up fast.”
She blushed slightly. “You’d better go get Bagel’s food.”
“Right,” Adam said as he got out of the car.
When he got back to the car, Marti had made up her mind and guided him to a small restaurant called Stella’s Breakfast Bistro in one of the small strip malls near the center of town. “Is the food good here?” Adam asked.
“Always has been anytime I’ve eaten here.”
“Works for me. Is it actually a bistro, European food, that is?” Adam got out, went around to her side of the car, and opened the door.
“Actually, no. I asked Stella about it once and she said she picked the name because she thought it had a nice ring to it. She said she wasn’t even sure what bistro meant when she named it. Now, it’s too late.”
“That’s all right. I don’t have a problem with it. I was just wondering.”
Once inside, they were seated immediately and it took only a few minutes until they put in their orders.
They talked about the weather and other minutia until their meals were placed before them. They ate in silence but once Marti had put down her fork and sighed in contentment, she said, “Is this our date for the day or are we still on for tonight?”
“We’re still on for tonight, as far as I’m concerned.”
“Good. I was hoping you’d say that.”
“Finished?”
Marti nodded.
“You’ve lived here most of your life, haven’t you?”
“Except the time I spent in college.”
“Where did you go?”
“University of Charleston for my undergraduate and Marshall for my master’s degree. At one time, I thought I might want to teach college and had toyed with the idea of getting a doctorate. Once I taught high school for a couple of years, however, I discovered I liked it so well that all thoughts of teaching college vanished from my mind.”
“So even when you were in college, you were still in West Virginia?”
“Yes. I couldn’t afford out of state tuition. My dad made okay money as an auto mechanic, I guess, but paying for my college was hard on him, though he insisted I go. He and my mother died in a car wreck after I’d been out of college for a couple of years. When I was in college, I had to take part-time jobs to help pay for books and so on. Why do you ask?”
“Because I wondered what you might know about the history of Sweetwater. Larry told me a little about how Sweetwater came about and wants me to write a blog about it. If you can help me out, it might be my very first blog. As I understand it, there’s a hot mineral spring somewhere in the state and sometime in the dim past, some sugar beets were accidentally spilled into the water and they sweetened it. Soon after, someone started selling the water as Sweetwater, and now, even the town is called Sweetwater.”
“I know a little more than that, but not much. Would you like to hear what else I know?”
“That’s why I asked. Go ahead.” Adam pulled out his notebook and a pen. “I hope you don’t mind my taking notes. If I’m going to write my first blog about Sweetwater, I want to get as much detail as possible.”
“Of course I don’t mind, but I’m not sure you should use what I tell you in the blog. All I know is what I’ve been told over the years. Others around the area might know the story better.”
“I’m sure if I get something wrong in the blog, somebody will set me straight. That’s one nice thing about a blog: I can change it if I need to make corrections. The same thing isn’t true of a newspaper column. We can print a correction, of course, but I once read an article in a press magazine that said few people actually read corrections. Besides, as the old saying goes, ‘You can’t unring a bell.’ Larry will read my copy before it goes on the blog or in the paper and he’ll correct any incorrect points he notices.”
“Okay, then, here goes.”
Adam listened intently, asked a few questions, and took voluminous notes. When she finished he put his notebook away and said, “Thanks for that. You’ve given me more than I could’ve hoped for.”
“Just keep in mind that most of its just hearsay.”
“That’s what I’d get, no matter how many people I talked to. I’m sure there isn’t anyone still around who might have been part of the original discovery of how sugar beets in hot water make Sweetwater.”
“I’m sure there isn’t since it happened over a century ago.”
“My point exactly. Shall we go?”
Marti nodded and Adam picked up the check that had been placed on the table with their meals. He paid the check at the cash register and held the door for her as they went outside. As soon as he dropped her at her house, he called Debbie. “I’m on my way, Debbie. I’ll be there in a few.”
“Okay. I have everything ready.”
A few minutes later, he parked in the furniture store’s parking lot, where Buddy had told them they could park, and went up the stairs into the office.
“Good morning.” He put his elbows on the counter in front of her office and leaned forward.
“Good morning. If you want to come back here, I can show you what I’ve got.”
He went around the counter into her office and sat in the chair in front of her desk. “I presume the situation with Britney is legitimate.”
“It is. She’s a very sick little girl and is only going to get sicker unless something’s done. Hopefully, before it’s too late.”
“Tell me a little bit about Britney herself.”
“She’s eight and I talked to a couple of her teachers. She’s only an average student but very popular with the other kids. She’s been a Girl Scout for several years and according to her scout leader is always the first to volunteer for anything.”
“She sounds like quite a little girl and deserving of our help.”
“I think so. Her cancer became recognized about three months ago and she’s been hospitalized several times since. The Swathmores are about fifteen thousand dollars in debt, according to one of Monica’s friends helping raise money. Most of that’s from hospital bills, but some is because they’re behind on their mortgage, probably because of the hospital bills.”
“How much is the surgery going to cost?”
“According to the friend, the surgery would be seventy thousand dollars but if it’s paid up front, they’ll drop it to fifty thousand.”
“I tell you what. I’d like to pay for her hospital bills and give the Swarthmores the twenty thousand we’ll save by paying the hospital bill up front, to help with their bills and their mortgage.”
Debbie shook her head. “That’s very generous, Ram.”
“That’s what the foundation’s going to be all about.”
“Foundation?”
“Yes. I’ve decided that you’re going to become the business manager for the Rambling Foundation.”
“Catchy title.”
“I’m hoping it’ll be memorable.”
“When word gets out about what you’ve done for the Swarthmores, nobody will ever forget the Rambling Foundation.”
“I hope not. But, I want it to be known that anybody wanting help is to go through the foundation, which is you, of course, and not contact me directly. Contacting me directly will be the surest way to make sure that their needs won’t be funded.”
“I’m sure we can get that message distributed with no problem as long as we put the message out on the Canary Corners grapevine.”
“You’re probably right. I’ve seen a couple of examples of how fast grapevine news travels.”
“It’s the most efficient mode of mass communication you could imagine. But, to make sure, I’ll give a press release to the local radio and television stations. I presume you can put something in the Tweet yourself.”
“That’ll be no problem. I’d like to read through the press release you’re planning to give the radio and television stations before you do it. I want to make sure it’s done in the proper vein.”
“I’d hope you would. After all, you’re the writer, not me.”
“Okay. Now that that’s settled, I have a question.”
“Yes?”
“I noticed two parks when I first arrived in town and they looked a bit run-down. Do you know the story behind that?”
“I do. The city used to have someone that took care of the parks. He worked on a mostly volunteer basis because the town can’t afford to pay anyone much. Unfortunately, he was an older gentleman and he passed away a couple of months ago and no one’s been taking care of the parks since then.”
“I see. I’d like to help in some way or other. I’d like to see the parks kept up so that they’re more useful to the citizens of Canary Corners.”
“What did you have in mind?”
“Perhaps the foundation could hire someone to take care of them like the other man did.”
“I don’t think anyone would object to that, but I’ll have to clear it with the town council and our parks and rec department, such as it is.”
“Okay. I’ll leave it in your hands.”
“Fine by me. What salary would you like to propose?”
“I have no idea. Why don’t you do a bit of research and find out what other towns in the area are paying for the same types of services?”
“I can do that. I’d imagine a couple of people on the town council will be able to help me get that information.”
“Sounds good. Now why don’t you go home? I really didn’t intend to make you work weekends.”
“I don’t mind whatsoever when it comes to helping out deserving folks like the Swarthmores. I’d willingly work seven days a week, fifteen or sixteen hours a day if it were to come to that.”
“It absolutely will not come to that. When you’ve worked your normal work hours, I want you to go home. Hopefully, you’ll get enough requests to keep you busy full-time, but I don’t want you staying extra hours or working weekends. I don’t believe there’ll be any need for that. If you do happen to work a weekend for some odd reason, I insist that you take a different day off during the week. All you’ll need to do is let me know what your schedule is. I think you’ll find that I’m extremely flexible.”
“Of that, I have no doubt. What are we going to do about the funding for the Swarthmore’s?”
“I already have enough money in your husband’s bank to easily cover the funds we’ve talked about. What we’ll do is open an account tomorrow, in the name of the foundation, with you and me as signatories on the checking account. I plan to initially fund the account with two hundred thousand dollars and will arrange for more funding whenever it’s necessary.”
“Sounds like a plan. What time do you want to meet at the bank?”
“What time does it open?”
Debbie smiled. “Remember, I’m the wife of the bank president. It’ll open any time you want. If you want it to be open at four in the morning, then four in the morning it’ll be.” She winked at Adam.
“I hardly think that’ll be necessary. Let me rephrase the question. What time does the bank normally open?”
“Nine o’clock.”
“Okay. Why don’t we meet at the bank shortly after nine o’clock? Does Paul normally get there when the bank first opens?”
“Not always, but I’ll make sure he’s there tomorrow.”
“That’ll work. Now, I want you to go home and do whatever it is you do on Sunday. I don’t want to see you again until tomorrow.”
“Should I be offended that you don’t want to see me?”
“Now cut that out. You know what I meant.”
“Of course I do. I was only joking.” She stood and came around the desk, holding out her hand. “I want to say thank you again for the opportunity you’ve afforded me. It’s going to be most gratifying to follow the trail of your money as it helps those deserving.”
Adam took her hand warmly in both of his. “All I can say is I’m glad Paul told me about you, Debbie. I could have interviewed a hundred people and been hard-pressed to find anyone as capable as I’m certain you’re going to be.”
“Why, thank you, boss.”
Adam looked at Debbie with mock consternation. “Now what did I tell you about that, Debbie?”
“Sorry, Ram. It’s a habit. Mr. Harper insisted I call him boss. I never figured out why, actually, but I guess he wanted to be lord and master. I did discover he ruled his home with an iron fist, which, as you might imagine, caused his children to become rebellious and they got in trouble a number of times.”
“I’ve heard that’s what usually happens when you’re too stern with children. I don’t have any personal experience, of course.”
“May I ask why not? You seem like a pretty good catch to me.”
“I guess I just never met that special someone I couldn’t live without. But that’s enough. Get out of here and go home. I’ll see you at the bank at nine o’clock tomorrow.”
“Okay.” She gave a small salute and headed down the stairs.
Chapter 25
Adam had noticed the local movie theater while driving around town a few days before. He drove by it now on the way back to Canary House. He didn’t think any of the movies on the marquee would be suitable for what he considered to be his actual first date with Marti.
Back on the third floor, he knocked on Livinia’s door.
“Good morning, Ram. What can I do for you?”
“I’ve invited Marti out this evening, but we’ve not decided what we’re going to do. I checked out the movies currently in the theater and I don’t think Marti would enjoy any of them. Therefore, I wanted to invite you out for dinner, if you want to come, and then to my apartment for a rousing game of Boggle.”
“I’ll pass on dinner to let you two youngsters be alone, but Boggle sounds like fun.”
“Okay. I haven’t asked Marti yet, but considering how good she did with the words last night and the fact she’s an English teacher, I think she might find a game of Boggle fun. I’m sure she’d enjoy it more if you were there, too.”
“What time?”
“I don’t know yet—I haven’t talked to Marti. I’m going to shoot for seven o’clock for dinner and then the game of Boggle sometime thereafter. Are you going to eat dinner in your apartment?”
“Probably. Maybe my latest beau will come over.”
“I’m sure we’d be happy to have him join the Boggle game as well, if he’d like to.”
“I don’t know. I’ll ask him.”
“Do that. I’d think you can plan for some time between seven thirty and eight.”
“Okay. See you then, and maybe Rodel will join us, too.”
“Your boyfriend’s name is Rodel? ’That’s an interesting name.”
“It is. I’ve got hot water for tea. Would you like some?”
“I would, but I’ve been gone for a while and I’m sure Bagel needs to go out.”
“Then you’d better take him out.”
“Yes, I had. See you tonight, lovely lady.”
Livinia playfully swatted at his arm, smiled, and then closed the door.

“Hello, it’s Ram,” Adam said as Marti answered the phone.
“What’ve you decided?”
“I decided that there aren’t any movies I wish to see, so how about dinner and then a rousing game of Boggle with Livinia and her new beau Rodel, if he chooses to play?”
“Sounds like fun.”
“Good. How about I pick you up about seven o’clock?”
“That’ll work. I look forward to it.”
“Is the Mason Jar okay, again?”
“Of course it is. I like the Mason Jar.”
“Well, I didn’t know about two nights in a row.”
“Five nights in a row would probably be okay for eating at the Mason Jar, except for the fact that I might start looking like a blimp.”
“I could not see that ever happening. Even if it did, you’d make a lovely-looking blimp.”
“You starting with the blarney again?”
“It’s not blarney. I meant every word.”
“Whatever. I’ll see you at seven o’clock tonight.”
“You will indeed. See you then.”
After he hung up, he called Larry. “How would you like my first blog?”
“You got it ready?”
“No, but I have the afternoon free and I have lots of notes on how Sweetwater came about.”
“That’ll work. I assume you’re talking about having it by the end of the day.”
“I am. You want it for a column as well?”
“I thought I might. I have some space. I can run it tomorrow.”
“Good. Let me get to work and I’ll call you later.”

Several hours later, he did call Larry to tell him he would be there soon to turn in the copy. He’d already e-mailed it so Larry didn’t have to retype it to put it in the paper. He mentioned that he’d also already created the first blog and everything seemed to be working on the website so people could get to the blog.
“This is excellent,” Larry said, looking up from the computer screen when Adam walked into his office.
He dropped the printed copy on Larry’s desk. “I presume I was in time to make tomorrow’s edition.”
“Of course. Do you want to call the column Ram’s Ramblings like the blog?”
“I don’t see why not, if it’s okay with you.”
“I think it’s a great name. Ram’s Ramblings it is.” Larry held out his hand and Adam shook it. “Thanks, old buddy. This’ll probably help immensely to increase circulation.”

Even after stopping at the newspaper, he still arrived at Marti’s door at precisely seven o’clock. She answered the door promptly in a dress of a muted orange color with a necklace of small blue beads as an accent. “That’s what I like, a date who shows up on time.”
“I’m a reporter. I’m trained to be precise. Besides, I wouldn’t want to miss one minute with you. May I say, you look lovely this evening.”
“Do you think the blue goes with the orange dress okay?”
“I think that necklace is the perfect accent.”
“Thank you. Shall we be on our way?” She turned around and closed and locked her door.
“We shall, my lady.” He crooked his arm. She took the hint and put her arm through his.

There were a few less cars in the Mason Jar parking lot than the night before, but there were still quite a few. “I hope we don’t have to wait long,” Adam said. “I told Livinia we’d be there between seven thirty and eight.”
“If we don’t have to wait any longer than last night, we should still be there on time. The Mason Jar generally serves their meals fairly quickly.”
“I guess you’re right. We did get our meals pretty fast last night. I understand the Mason sandwiches wouldn’t take long because they probably already have a number of them made up, but the shrimp came to the table in the same time frame. I guess Darla is fast as well as an excellent cook.”
“Darla?”
“The wife of the guy who was murdered. She’s been the cook all along. That’s why she decided to keep the restaurant open.”
Another car drove up. “We’d better go in before it gets even more crowded than it might be now.”
“Good idea.” Adam led her to the front door, opening it for her.
“Aren’t you the gentleman?”
“I try to be.”
They were surprised that there didn’t seem to be anybody waiting for a table. Tamila came up to them right away and said, “Just the two of you this evening?”
“Yes, Tamila, just two.”
“Follow me, then.” She led them to an empty booth. “Is this okay?”
Adam looked at Marti but she didn’t give any indication, yea or nay, so he said, “This’ll be fine, thank you.” He indicated that Marti should sit on one side, and he sat on the other.
Tamila put the menus in front of them. “Would you like Sweetwater again?”
Adam looked at Marti and she nodded, so he said, “That’ll be fine. Thank you.”
Tamila hurried away and came back in a few seconds with two Mason jars full of ice and two bottles of Sweetwater. “I’ll give you a few minutes to decide.”
Adam nodded and then began to peruse the menu. He decided what he wanted quickly, set the menu down, and said, “What are you going to have this evening?”
“That shrimp tasted so good last night, I think I’ll have that.”
“I don’t think you can go wrong with the shrimp. It really was good.”
“What are you going to have?”
Before he could answer, Tamila came back, asking the same question.
“The lady will have the shrimp platter and I think I’ll have fajitas, if I can have them without the green peppers.”
“You can,” Tamila said. “It’ll take a few extra minutes because the cook will have to sauté your onions separately, if that’s okay.”
“That’ll be fine. I’ll have the beef fajitas.”
Tamila nodded and hurried away to fill the orders.
Marti looked at Adam with a thoughtful look. “I need to tell you something.”
“That’s a serious look. Should I be worried?”
“Not really. It’s just that I think I should tell you about something you haven’t even asked about.”
“What’s that?”
“I think you should know I was married once.”
“You don’t think that matters to me, do you? Unless, of course, you have ten kids I don’t know about.”
She had to smile despite herself. “Not at all. As a matter of fact, he didn’t even want kids. That was one of our many problems. I met him when I was in college and we got married right after both of us had finished. I was offered a teaching job here in Canary Corners, and he was a mining engineer. I thought Canary Corners would be just perfect, considering there were a lot of mines around here. Some of them have since closed down. Unfortunately, try as he may, he couldn’t find a job locally. Finally, he was offered a job in South Carolina at a gold mine site where they were currently doing testing. By then, I was settled in my job and couldn’t and wouldn’t pick up and leave in the middle of the year. He went down for the job by himself. We were apart about six weeks when he called and told me he’d found someone else and wanted a divorce. To put it mildly, I was shocked. I really thought we had a wonderful relationship. I guess I was the only one who thought so.”
“And no one has swept you away since then?”
She shook her head. “I’ve had a couple of long-term relationships, but something always seemed to go wrong. How about you? Ever been married?”
“No. Like you, I’ve had a couple of long-term relationships, but haven’t met that certain someone I really couldn’t live without. And as you said, something always seemed to go wrong.”
“So my past doesn’t bother you?”
He reached across the table and squeezed and then held her hand. “Absolutely not. I wouldn’t care if you’d been married three times.” He smiled. “Though I might draw the line at four or five.”
“I guess I don’t have anything to worry about then, because there’s only been the one.”
“To change the subject, do you know Livinia’s new beau Rodel?”
“No. I haven’t met him yet. He lives in the building, you know.”
“No, I didn’t know. I talked to her briefly and she said they were having supper together. I thought it would be good if he wanted to join us for our game.”
“I think it’s a good idea, too. She’s told me a lot about him and he sounds like a fun guy.”
“That wouldn’t surprise me at all. Livinia doesn’t seem to be someone who’d put up with anybody that wasn’t fun.”
“I’m sure you’re right.”
Tamila came back with their order and they settled down to eat. Adam grabbed one of the two tortillas, spread guacamole and sour cream, sprinkled the lettuce and cheese, put some of the sautéed onions on it and then finally the beef. He rolled it up, and said, “I hope I don’t look like too much of a pig, but I’m going to have to open my mouth awfully wide to take a bite of this fajita.”
“Not to worry. Remember, I’m a teacher. I frequently have duty in the lunch room and I’m sure, no matter how piggy you might get, you couldn’t hold a candle to what I’ve seen the kids do.”
“Okay. But if you do cringe, try not to make it too obvious.”
“I’ll try.” She stared right at him as he took as small a bite as he could while still getting some of each ingredient.
After he’d chewed and swallowed his bite, he said, “This is as good a fajita as I’ve ever had. I’ve eaten at some of the finest restaurants in New York and Chicago. I even ate fajitas in Mexico and this is every bit as good. I’m not going to have to stretch the truth at all when I write a positive review of the Mason Jar.”
“When were you in Mexico?”
He hoped she hadn’t caught that because he didn’t mean to bring up Mexico. He didn’t really want to explain, but now he had to cover his mistake. “I went to Mexico on a story a couple of years ago. Several people from New York got arrested for drugs in Cozumel and my editor wanted me to interview them as a follow-up to the story about the drug bust. Unfortunately, the police in Cozumel wouldn’t let me talk to them at all.”
“So it was a wasted trip?”
“It was. But I have to say, Cozumel is nice. And it was nice getting a free trip.”
“Maybe, but now you can pay for a trip anywhere in the world you want to go.”
“I can, but I don’t know that there are too many places I really want to go, especially if I have to go alone. I could probably come up with a number of places I’d like to visit if I had the proper company,” he said with a wink.
“Aunt Livinia would expect me to ask you if that’s a come on.”
“How about you? Aren’t you going to ask if it’s come on?”
“I assume the wink was intended to tell me that you were kidding.”
“Only partly and only because it’s a little early. After all, we scarcely know each other.”
“True enough. I suppose we’d better finish eating. Aunt Livinia and Rodel will be expecting us.”
“That’s true. Besides, we don’t want our food getting cold. Cold shrimp isn’t nearly as good as hot shrimp.”
They scarcely said another word until they had finished eating.
“Would either of you care for some dessert?” Tamila said when they had finished.
Adam looked at Marti, who shook her head. “I think not, Tamila, but please let Darla know we thoroughly enjoyed the meals. Also tell her I intend to write a positive review of the restaurant.”
“I’m sure she’ll be glad to hear that. Would you like me to handle the check for you?”
“That won’t be necessary. We’ll pay at the cash register.”
Tamila nodded and started to clean up the dishes.
Adam paid the tab, frowned at Butter the beagle, and shook his head. He gave Marti his elbow again on the way to the car.

“I suppose I’d better take Bagel out for a walk before we have Livinia and Rodel come in.”
“Might I come with you?”
“Of course you may. But maybe we’d better tell Livinia we’re here and we need to take Bagel out.” He walked to Livinia’s door and rapped softly. He waited a few seconds before she opened the door. “Did you enjoy supper?”
“We did,” Marti said. “But now that we’re back, we think Bagel will need to go out before we all get settled. Is Rodel still here?”
“He is and he’s looking forward to the game.”
“Good,” Adam said. “We’ll let you know as soon as we’re back. Taking Bagel out shouldn’t take long.”
“We’ll be here.”
Adam and Marti went into the apartment to find Bagel near the door with the leash in his mouth.
“Does he always know when you’re coming home?”
“No. He probably heard us talking in the hallway.”
“You’re probably right.” She leaned down and massaged Bagel’s ears and he dropped the leash and smiled up at her. “You ready to go for a walk, are you, Bagel?”
By way of answer, Bagel licked her hand.
They all walked out of the apartment and into the elevator, where the doors were still open. Adam pushed the button for the first floor. “I don’t know that I like that the elevator doors were still open. We were off the elevator for quite a while.”
“It’s an old elevator, and probably in need of repair.”
As if in answer, the elevator gave out a loud groan and shuddered mightily as the elevator stopped on the ground floor.
“In more ways than one, I’m sure.”
They walked Bagel down to the end of the block and back, and were back upstairs within ten minutes of the time they left. Adam turned around and watched the elevator doors close. “Maybe it was an aberration,” he said.
“I doubt it. Somebody probably called for the elevator from another floor this time.”
“You’re probably right.” Adam knocked on Livinia’s door. She answered beside a withered man with a craggy face and a small border of white hair surrounding his severely receding hairline.
“Rodel, these fine young people are Ram and my grandniece Marti.”
“I’ve heard of you, Ram, and Liv has talked about you lots, Marti.”
“I hope she’s had good things to say,” Marti said with a smile.
“I’ve only heard good things.”
“Thank you for that, Aunt Livinia.”
“I’ve only told the truth.”
“Shall we,” said Adam with a flourish. The other three followed him to his door, with Livinia being careful to lock the doorknob and making sure the door closed behind her.
“One can’t ever be too careful,” she said.
“You’re right about that. You never know who you can trust, even in a small town like Canary Corners. After all, we did just have a murder here.”
“True,” Rodel said. “But let’s not put a damper on the evening by talking about that.”
Adam opened his door, took the leash off Bagel’s collar, ushered them into the apartment, and said, “I won’t mention it again. Sorry I brought it up at all.”
“Occupational hazard, I’m sure,” Marti said.
“Look.” Livinia pointed to the overturned Boggle shaker box, and the five dice that’d been separated out.
“Looks like Bagel’s been at it again,” Adam said.
“What does that mean?” Rodel asked.
“Bagel likes to knock the Boggle shaker box off the shelf and pull out letters. It’s a game that he and I have been playing. It’s kind of fun to see what words can be made from the letters he pulled out. It looks like this time there’s an H, a D, a T, an S, an E, an A, and an R.” Adam picked a tablet of paper off his desk and grabbed four pencils. He tore pages off the tablet and handed one to each of them along with a pencil. He picked up a magazine from the coffee table for each of them so they’d have a base they could use for writing on the paper. “Why don’t we see what can be made from Bagel’s letters?”
“I’m game,” Marti said.
“I am, too,” Livinia said.
“Me, too. Sounds like fun.”
“Okay.” Adam went into the kitchen and came out with his digital egg timer. “Are we ready? The timer’s set for three minutes, if that’s okay.”
Everyone nodded, so Adam started the timer. When the timer ended, they compared word lists and totaled their scores. Adam and Marti had the most words but got most of them knocked out by each other’s list, and when the scores were tallied, Livinia had the highest score because she’d found a number of three-letter words while Adam and Marti tried for four-, five-, and six-letter words.
“Yea, Aunt Livinia,” Marti said.
Adam gathered the lists and pointed the one word on all of the lists and smiled. The word: DATES.
“I’m not going to believe it,” Marti said, looking at Adam.
“Believe what?” Livinia said.
“Doesn’t matter.” Adam set the papers on his desk and gave each of them a fresh sheet. He picked up all of the dice, put them in the shaker box, and shook it.
“Ready,” Adam said.
Everyone nodded, so he started the timer and said, “Go.”
When they had finished with the round, Marti had found two seven-letter words, six six-letter words, ten five-letter words, and many smaller ones. She won the game quite handily.
They played several more rounds with Marti winning two more, Adam winning one, and even Rodel winning one.
“It’s getting late, and I’ve got school tomorrow,” Marti said.
“Yes,” Adam said. “Perhaps we’d better call it a night.”
Livinia looked at Rodel and he nodded. “I think so, too,” she said.
Marti and Adam walked Livinia back to her door and said good night while Rodel accompanied them to the elevator. When they were on the elevator, Adam asked, “What floor?”
“Two, please,” Rodel said.
“Two?” Adam said. “Have you seen the ghosts?”
“I haven’t. Do you want to see them?”
“You believe in ghosts?”
“Doesn’t everyone?”
Adam shrugged as the doors slid open. Adam shook Rodel’s hand and said, “So pleased to meet you, Rodel. I’m glad you’re Livinia’s friend.”
“I am, too.” He turned and walked down the hall as the elevator doors slid shut again.
Adam and Marti rode down the rest of the way in silence. They didn’t speak until Adam had ushered Marti into the passenger side of the car, and settled himself behind the wheel.
“Well," Marti said. “Do you?”
“Do I what?”
“Do you believe in ghosts, of course?”
“I plead the Fifth. Do you?”
“Oh, no. I’m not going to let you turn this around on me, smart guy. Play fair and answer the question.”
“All right, if you insist. No, I don’t believe in ghosts. I’m too much of a skeptic for that.”
“I don’t know if skeptic would be the right word. Perhaps realist might be closer.”
“I take it you’re not a believer, either?”
“No. I don’t believe in ghosts any more than I believe your dog is psychic.”
“I don’t know. He did spell DATES, and all parties in that room were on a date.”
“He didn’t spell a thing. All he did was pull seven letters out and five of them just happened to form the word DATES.”
“And how about last night with VAN and FLAT?”
She shook her head. “I’m afraid I’m not buying that one either, any more than I did this morning.”
“Okay. I yield. It’s all coincidental.”
“I admit, it’s suspicious, but it can hardly be anything more than coincidence, unless you believe in a psychic animal.”
“I said okay. You win.” They’d pulled up in front of Marti’s house. Adam went around to the passenger side, opened the door, and gave her a hand as she got out.
He walked her to the door and she started to fish in her purse for her keys. “Would it be too forward of me if I kissed you?”
“I think I’d be disappointed if you didn’t,” she said and turned her face up to him. He leaned down slightly and gave her a brief kiss.
“Thank you for the evening, my lady.”
“I would thank you from the bottom of my heart, but for you, my heart has no bottom.”
“That’s beautiful. Shakespeare, I presume.”
“No. As a matter of fact, I don’t know what author said it and I don’t think anyone else does either. I found it in a book of quotations that attributed it to ‘author unknown.’”
“Regardless, I think it’s beautiful, and I think the lady that spoke the words is beautiful as well.”
“Why, thank you, sire. Will I hear from you on the morrow?”
“Count on it.” He leaned over and gave her another kiss that lingered a little longer. This time, he put his hand on her shoulder and gave it a small squeeze.
“Until tomorrow, then,” she said and unlocked her door. “I really don’t want to… But I feel, no, I know I must,” and she closed the door.
He turned and almost skipped back to the car.
Chapter 26
When Adam got back to his apartment, Bagel stood in his office chair with his forelegs on the desk. He almost looked as if he had been keying something on the computer. Adam didn’t know what that meant, but he knew Bagel showing attention to the computer meant something. It seemed that Bagel did very little without reason.
“You ready to go for a walk, Bagel?”
Bagel didn’t move. Normally, he’d retrieve the leash and act eager to go out, but this time he didn’t move. Adam did the only thing he could think to do. He booted up the computer. “All right, Bagel, out of the chair.” He gave Bagel a small shove and sat in the chair. For lack of anything better to do, he went into his Internet e-mail program. He found an e-mail from someone called “Texasarchive.” The ID looked familiar, so he looked back at the e-mail he’d received a few days ago from the clerk at the Waco Tribune-Herald. That e-mail had the same ID. He immediately opened the new e-mail to see a brief message saying only that Adam might find the attachments pertinent to his information search.
The e-mail had two attachments. The first one contained an article from the Tribune-Herald with the bold headline “Victim’s Husband Kills Self.” The article stated that the husband of one of the victims of the tragic hospital incident, Frank Tabor, committed suicide. Adam read through the article quickly, when a particular passage caught his attention. It discussed an interview given by one of the friends of the suicide. He apparently belonged to a club called the “Waco Radio-Controlled Aeronautics Foundation.” The friend had been quoted as saying, “Frank was one of the founding members of the club and one of the driving forces behind it. He was the one who came up with the idea for the father-son rally we have every year. We’re really going to miss him. It was a real shame what happened to Frank’s wife and too bad that Frank couldn’t cope.”
Adam had to admit it to be an odd coincidence. He, of course, would have to check this out further. The other attachment contained Frank’s obituary. The obituary stated that two small children and his estranged parents survived him. The father lived in Waco while the mother lived in Dallas. Adam picked up his printout of the original articles and the last name matched one of the victims in the original articles. Unfortunately, it belonged to the victim whose relative didn’t appear in the earlier picture. He quickly realized it wouldn’t have mattered anyway, as the victim’s husband had died. It might have mattered if the husband’s father or mother had been in the picture. He expanded on the idea and wondered whether the killer he sought could possibly be the father of the suicide. Perhaps the father had appointed himself judge, jury, and executioner. He knew he could speculate all he wanted, but that wouldn’t help solve the crime. Somehow, he’d have to figure out who’d come from Texas during the last two years. Only then might there be a possibility of a solution.
With that in mind, he did an Internet search for the club to which Frank belonged. No luck—it didn’t have a website. He pulled out his phone and called directory assistance for Waco, Texas. There, he got lucky. The club had a phone number. He dialed the number and let it ring until an answering machine picked up. It said he could leave his number for a callback, but it also gave the home numbers for the president and secretary of the club. Adam wasn’t prepared to write any numbers down and they were gone before he could grab a piece of paper and a pencil. He rounded them up and listened to the message again so he could jot the two numbers down.
Before calling the numbers, he thought it might be smart to have Larry’s fax number, just in case. He didn’t think to get it the other day, but it didn’t matter because the reporter at the Tribune-Herald could e-mail pictures and now the articles to him. He didn’t think he’d be lucky twice, so he wanted to be prepared. Larry was still in the office trying to put the paper to bed and said he’d be there a while longer. He gave Adam the fax number and said he’d watch for any faxes that came.
After Larry, he called the president’s phone number, but no one answered. He called the number of the club secretary. This time a musical, female voice answered with an almost lyrical, “Hello.”
He had prepared himself with a cover story. “Hello, my name is Robert Adams and I’m a reporter for the Waco Tribune-Herald. I’m hoping to write a series of articles describing the aftermath of tragedies on family members. I’ve already written up summaries of a couple of them, but I think one thing that would really swing my editor to my way of thinking is a follow-up to the medical tragedy and suicide of your club member, Frank Tabor.”
“I don’t know if we want any more of that kind of publicity.”
“My intention is to put nothing but a positive spin on Frank’s membership in your club, so I’m hoping you can help me out with a little information. As I said, I’m only exploring the possibility of a series right now, so any information you can give me would help. By the way, according to the answering machine, your name is Tammy Rivers, isn’t it?”
“It is.”
“I’d like to mention you in one of the articles, if I get to write them.” Adam knew offering a mention in the paper often did wonders to loosen tight lips.
“That isn’t necessary.”
“It may be. Sometimes additional human interest angles such as information from or about friends and acquaintances becomes important to an article.”
“Well, my name is Tammy and my husband’s name is Mike. You said you’re interested in the impact on family members?”
“That’s it exactly. I know Frank’s wife died as a result of a doctor’s mistake.” Adam deliberately didn’t indicate that he knew who the doctor was. “And I know Frank killed himself in despair. What I don’t know is what happened to Frank’s family afterwards. I’d like to know, for example, what happened to his kids and his parents.”
“I don’t know what I can tell you. All I know is that Frank helped found the club and that he and his father were very close. As a matter of fact, Frank started the father and son rally we have every year.”
“That’s good. That’s the kind of information I’m looking for.” He already knew that from the newspaper article, but sometimes encouragement helped.
“Is Frank’s father still a member of the club?”
“He never was. Frank was the member and his father merely joined him during the rally. That’s the way the rally usually works, though sometimes both father and son are members.”
“I see. Do you happen to know whether Frank’s father is still around? He might be a good one to interview for my article.”
“No, I’m sorry. I heard Frank’s father moved away.”
“Score one for me.” Adam thought. “That’s okay. You’ve still given me a lot of good information. Do you happen to know what Frank’s father’s name is?”
“Let me see. I think I have some records. Frank and his father won one of the rallies, so I ought to…Yes. Here it is. His name is…Rodney.”
“Rodney Tabor?”
“That’s right.”
Just to make his inquiry sound a little more realistic, Adam also asked, “How about his mother? Can you tell me anything about her?”
“Not much. I think she lives in Dallas, but that’s all I know right off the top of my head.”
“That’s okay. You said Frank and his father won one of your rallies?”
“Yes.”
“Do you take pictures of the winners?”
“We do. Would you like the one of Frank and his father?”
“You’re a mind reader. I don’t have any idea whether my editor will go for the series at all and, if he does, if he’ll want any pictures, but a picture might help me sell it to him. Could you possibly e-mail the picture to me?”
“I’m sorry. But I don’t have a scanner.”
“Can you possibly fax the picture then?” Adam figuratively patted himself on the back for thinking ahead this time.
“Sure. Got a fax number?”
Adam gave her Larry’s fax number.
“I thought you said you’re a reporter for the Tribune-Herald?”
“I did.”
“But the number you gave me isn’t a Texas number.”
“No, it’s not. Actually, it’s a West Virginia number. I’m on vacation and putting a few notes together so I can present my idea to my editor when I get back. Let me tell you, my wife’s not happy with my working vacation.”
“I can understand that. My husband usually takes all kinds of RC magazines on our vacations and spends hours reading the articles. Sometimes I get so mad…But enough of that. I’ll fax the picture. It should be there shortly.”
“Thanks a lot, Tammy. I really appreciate it.”
“No problem. As I said, you should have the picture shortly and, if I can be of any further help, give me another call.”

Adam finally took Bagel for his walk and, when they got back, he called Larry.
“Larry, did a fax come in for me?”
“I don’t know. Who are you?”
“Very funny.”
“I only ask because I did receive a fax, but it was addressed to Robert Adams.”
“And I suppose you’ve never used an alias.”
“Okay. What is it, if I may ask?”
“Hopefully, it’s a picture of a father and son.”
“It is, and it has them listed as the winners of the father-son rally.”
“Is the picture clear?”
“Why don’t you come see?”
“All right. I’ll be there in a few minutes.”
Adam used the key he’d been given to let himself into the newspaper building. Larry kept the office locked when he was alone. The only light came from Larry’s office.
“Got my picture?”
“Yes. Who is it?” Larry handed him the picture.
“I think he,” he pointed at the older man in the picture, “may be our killer.”
“Of Gilbert?”
“Yes. The young guy had been the husband of one of the doctor’s victims and he committed suicide. The older guy’s his father. Have you ever seen him around the area?”
“Let me see the picture again.”
Adam handed the picture back.
Larry stared at the picture for a while and then said, “He looks slightly familiar, but I can’t place him. I may be imagining it, of course.”
Adam looked at his watch, eight thirty. “Why don’t I take my picture and go home? You still need to put the paper to bed, don’t you?”
“I have a couple more things to do that shouldn’t take long.”
“Want me to stay and help?”
“Thanks, but I can handle it. Why don’t you just go home and get a good night’s sleep?”
“I think I shall,” Adam said over his shoulder as he exited the office.
Chapter 27
When residents of Canary Corners and surrounding areas opened their newspapers in the morning, Ram’s Ramblings confronted them prominently on page two, followed by the website address for the blog. The column read:

“Ram’s Ramblings On Sweetwater”
Even though most people around here know the legend of Sweetwater, I’ve been asked to use my blog and column to tell the story for those of you who don’t.
The story was related to this reporter that in the late 1800’s, sugar was extremely expensive because it had to be brought in from so far away (mostly Minnesota). Thus, a lady named Marion Burguns in the town of Taproot started growing her own sugar beets for sugar production. One day, a wagonload of sugar beets was brought from the fields to where the sugar was being produced. Two horses were drawing the wagon and a snake startled one of the horses. The horses reared up, causing the wagon to tip over and the beets to roll downhill. Several beets rolled into the mineral spring there spewing very hot water. So hot, in fact, that the water boiled the sugar beets, causing them to release their sweetness into the water.
The water from the spring had always been popular because of its mineral content, even though it reputedly had a bad taste. After a few weeks, someone braved a taste of the water with its new sweetness. He liked the new taste and spread the word. Because of its new taste, the water became even more popular. After a year or so, the town fathers decided to rename the town of Taproot, giving birth to the town of Sweetwater. Since that time, two sugar beets have been added to the spring each month to keep the Sweetwater flowing. Sweetwater is still manufactured and distributed under the Burguns name.
Respectfully submitted for your edification and reading pleasure by Robert Adam Madigan.

Adam got a good night’s sleep. His new mattress proved to be very comfortable. Naturally, the first thing he had to do in the morning consisted of taking Bagel out for his walk. Bagel already stood beside the desk with his leash in his mouth by the time Adam got dressed and went out to the living room. This morning he thought it prudent to wear a dress shirt and slacks as he had a meeting with Debbie at the bank.
When he came back after Bagel’s walk, Livinia stood in the Canary House lobby.
“Thanks so much for last night,” she said.
“You’re more than welcome. I’m sorry, but I don’t have time to talk right now. I have an appointment shortly.”
“It’s all right. I won’t keep you.” She headed for the front door while Adam pushed the elevator button. He took Bagel back to the apartment and then came back, pushing the elevator button again in a few moments.
He reached the bank at precisely nine o’clock; Debbie was already waiting. “Paul’s ready to help us,” she said.
“Good. Let’s go.”
She led him around the counter to her husband’s office. Paul stood and extended his hand. “Good morning.”
“I presume there won’t be an issue setting up a checking account for the foundation,” Adam said.
“No. As a matter of fact, I have most of the paperwork already done. All you need to do is sign.”
“Good. Where?”
Paul pointed to one of the papers. “Right here. As you can see, Debbie’s already signed.”
Adam nodded and signed as primary signatory.
“And here.” Paul set another form in front of Adam.
He signed that one as well and then said, “Is that it?”
“Just the deposit and withdrawal slips are left. You need to sign the withdrawal slip, because it’s from your personal account, but Debbie can and has already signed the deposit slip into the foundation’s checking account. By the way, I like the name you’ve chosen for the foundation. Rambling Foundation has a nice ring to it.”
“I thought so,” Adam said. “Hopefully, before long, people will associate the foundation with the blog I’m writing for the paper—considering it’s called Ram’s Ramblings.”
“I saw your column in the paper this morning. It was interesting. I knew a bit of the history of Sweetwater but your column was still interesting,” Debbie said.
“I thought so, too,” Paul said.
“I thought you were only going to write a column for the Tweet. I didn’t know about the blog until I read your column this morning and saw the web address. I didn’t have time to check it out.”
“The blog was Larry’s idea. He’s hoping it’ll lead to name recognition for the paper and, hopefully, more subscribers. Most of the time he’s going to use the same article for the blog and my column. The good thing is I can write about anything I want, or so Larry’s told me. It remains to be seen whether he’ll actually accept everything I write.”
“Back to business,” Paul said. “There’s only one more thing. How much is the withdrawal and deposit to be?”
“I thought we should transfer two hundred thousand, which will still leave about one hundred twenty thousand in my personal account. Okay, Debbie?”
“Are you sure you can survive on a measly one hundred twenty thousand?
“I know you’re kidding, but if it doesn’t seem to meet my needs, I can always transfer more from Chicago. I’m almost embarrassed to admit, and won’t, how much more I have there.”
“I’d never pry,” Debbie said. “That’s your business. I’m just overjoyed at being able to be part of your largesse.”
“And I’m happy you’re on board. That way I don’t have to deal with the day-to-day details.” Adam looked at Paul. “Is that it?”
“I have to go through one of the tellers to do the deposit and then one of you will have to pick out the checks you want for the foundation.”
“I’ll leave that up to Debbie.” He looked at her. “I presume that’s okay with you.”
“Of course it is. Anything I can do.”
“Okay,” Paul said. “I’ll be back in a few minutes.”
“Just a second. Please bring back two thousand cash out of the deposit and give it to Debbie.” He turned to Debbie. “I want you to use it as a petty cash fund that you can replenish from the foundation’s funds any time it’s necessary. Does that sound reasonable?”
She nodded. “What do you want me to do about my salary? Do you want me to pay myself out of the checking account?”
“I don’t see why not. What do you know about withholding taxes and all that rigmarole?”
“I think I know everything I need to know and what I don’t know I’ll find out. I’ll take care of it all. Okay with you if I pay myself bimonthly?”
“Pay yourself any way you want. If bimonthly suits you, it suits me. You can advance yourself some money if you need it.”
“I don’t, but thanks for the offer.”
“How are you going to handle the payment for Bethany’s surgery?”
“I thought I’d go to the hospital business office and give them the check in person. Would you like to be there? After all, you deserve the pat on the back.”
“I prefer to be left out of it except for helping you decide where to distribute the money. And, for future reference, I don’t need any pats on the back. I came by the money through lucky stock market dealings and I’m happy to help those deserving. I don’t expect, nor do I want, any acknowledgement.”
“Okay. I’ll keep your secret.”
“We both know it’s not now nor is it ever going to be a secret. Probably everybody in town already knows I’m well off and everyone will know where the money comes from and that’s okay. I just don’t want to take any bows for doing the right thing.”
“Should I order checks with the name of the foundation on them?”
“I think that would be best. How soon will Paul need to order them?”
“They don’t have to be ordered right away. We can delay for a few days as we have several preliminary checks and Paul can give me more if we need them. Besides, I don’t think we’ll be writing a lot of checks right away. Why?”
“Do you know an artist in the area? I’d like some type of logo designed we can put on the checks and on the door to the office.”
“That’s a terrific idea.”
“I thought so. Name recognition is one thing, but more people will tend to remember a snazzy logo.”
“What did you have in mind?”
“First, do you know anyone?”
“Yes. Petrik Stavros at the computer shop is a whiz with computer graphics, but I’ve also heard he’s a first-rate artist as well.”
“That sounds like a Russian name.”
“It is, but he’s third generation American. His grandparents fled Russia during one of the revolutions. They settled in Pennsylvania but his parents moved here after his grandparents were killed in a car accident. His father worked in one of the coal mines but didn’t want Petrik to be a miner so he somehow came up with the money to supplement Petrik’s scholarships to be sure he went to college. He came out with a double major, art and computer science, which isn’t as odd as it sounds.”
“I didn’t say it was odd.”
“No, but a lot of people think it is. He really knows what he’s doing when it comes to computer graphics.”
“So you think he could create whatever we give him to do?”
“Yes, I do. What did you have in mind?”
“I’m not sure. Maybe an old car driving down a rutted road or maybe a Ram, you know, a male mountain sheep.” She nodded so he continued, “I really don’t know what would be a good image for rambling.”
“I can take that idea to Petrik and see if he can add to it or simply run with it.”
“Can you do that? I really don’t have the time to mess with it myself.”
“That’s what you hired me for—to do whatever the business requires you don’t care to handle yourself.”
“I guess I did, didn’t I?”
“You did. Why don’t I take the idea to Petrik and see what he can come up with? What else do you have on tap for the day?”
“I don’t really. Why don’t you see what Petrik can do for us, go to the hospital, pay the bill, and then if there’s still time, you can hunt down the Swathmores and give them the other twenty thousand dollars? After that, you can take the rest of the day off. That is, if there’s any of the rest of the day left.”
“Works for me. If you think of anything else you want me to do, just let me know.”
“Actually, there is one more thing. Because you’re going to be at the computer store anyway, you can check to see how soon our computers are due in. And you can also check to see when the filing cabinet will be here.”
“Okay, I’ll report back to you sometime this afternoon and let you know when the computers and the filing cabinet are due in and what the Swarthmores thought about your gift. I’m sure they’ll be beside themselves with joy. Oh,” Debbie said as an afterthought. “I’ve composed the ad for the TV and radio stations as you requested. Would you like to look the ad over?”
“I would, thanks.”
Debbie dug into her purse, came out with a small notepad, and handed the pad to Adam. He read through what she’d written on the pad and smiled. “This is terrific. I couldn’t have done better myself. The only suggestion I have is to add the address and phone number as soon as we get it.”
“That’s quite a compliment coming from a reporter of your caliber. I’ll be sure to add the address and phone number.”
“When will it run?”
“Any time you want to run it. I don’t think either television or radio stations take long to get an ad in their schedule.”
“Good. Just the text will be all right for the radio stations, but I think we should wait for the logo for the television stations. I think we could put a big image of the logo with the message superimposed over it and I’ll have Larry run the same thing in the paper.”
“That’s a great idea. It can be the first step in name and image recognition.”
“I think so, too. Be sure and let me know the moment Petrik has a design for us.”
“I will. Actually, he’ll probably come up with several designs for us to choose from.”
“That would be better.” Adam snapped his fingers. “There’s one more thing, I almost forgot.”
“What’s that?”
“Considering you’re going to be business manager of the foundation, will you also consent to being my personal business manager—paying my bills, watching my balance, and other such mundane duties?”
“I’d be happy to. I’ll need to be cosigner on your checking account if I’m going to do that, however.”
“I know. Let’s make arrangements for that with Paul.” Paul waited outside, seated in a chair. Adam poked his head around the corner of the doorway and said, “You didn’t really have to wait out here, Paul. You could’ve come in. It’s your office, after all.”
“You two seemed to be in the midst of an intense discussion and I didn’t want to interrupt.”
“Just foundation business. No big deal. But we need you to take care of one more thing.”
“What’s that?”
“Debbie has consented to be my personal business manager. She needs to be signatory on my personal checking account as well.”
“I was kind of wondering if you were going to do that. If you hadn’t thought of it, I was going to suggest it.”
“I’d thought of it earlier, but it slipped my mind, what with all the foundation stuff. Can you get a signature card for her to sign on to my checking account?”
“I already have one. As I said, I thought you might want to do this.”
Paul and Adam walked into the office and Paul had Debbie sign the card.
“Now, if there’s nothing else, I’d better be on my way. I’ve got some things to accomplish this morning if I can.”
“No problem. Debbie and I can handle whatever’s left.”
Adam shook Paul’s hand and then headed toward the front of the bank and out the door. He drove straight to the police station to be admitted directly to Daniel’s office.
“Good morning, Ram. What can I do for you today?” Daniel asked.
“I have some new information.”
“Such as?”
“The reporter who sent me the picture sent me an e-mail last night with an article and an obituary.”
“There’s more, I presume.”
“There is. The article was about the husband of one of the doctor’s victims committing suicide. The obituary was his. It mentioned that he was survived by a couple of kids and his dad who lived in Waco and his mother who lived in Dallas.”
“And this led you to additional information?”
“Yes. The article mentioned that the suicide, whose name was Frank Tabor, was a founding member of a radio-controlled airplane club. I called the club, got the number of the secretary, and, to make a long story short, she faxed me this picture.” Adam handed the picture to Daniel. “Is the older guy anyone you recognize? His name is Rodney Tabor.”
Daniel stared at the picture for a few seconds. “No. He seems slightly familiar, but I’m afraid I don’t know where I’ve seen him, if it was indeed him. Why don’t we check with Eugene and George?”
They walked out of the office and to George’s desk. Daniel handed him the picture. “Anyone you know, George?”
“Which one?”
“If you have to ask that question, you’ve given me your answer.”
George handed the picture to Eugene. “How about you, Eugene?” George asked. “Do you recognize anyone in the picture?”
Eugene looked at the picture for a few seconds and then said, “Nah. Neither one is anyone I know.”
“We’re actually only interested in the older guy in the picture. The younger guy’s dead.”
“Doesn’t matter,” Eugene said. “As I said, I don’t recognize either of them.”
“Me either,” George said.
“That’s too bad,” Adam said. “I was so in hopes that someone would recognize him.”
“That doesn’t mean he isn’t around here, if he’s even our killer. That has yet to be established.” Daniel took the picture from Eugene, glanced at it, and headed back to his office. Adam followed.
“I know he may or may not be the killer,” Adam said. “But it’s a place to start. Of course, finding out whether he’s our perp will definitely be problematic. Just hunting for a face in a crowd is never easy, especially when we’re not sure it’s even him. Besides, even if it is, he may not live here. He may be living in Charleston or anywhere else, for that matter, even farther away.”
“If he’s smart, he will be.”
“Possibly, but you and I both know criminals aren’t always smart. Normally, right here, I would usually say ‘If they were smart they wouldn’t be criminals,’ but we both know, many times, murders are committed in the heat of the moment, or the heat of passion, or in anger, and the person doesn’t stop to think about the ramifications. In this case, we have to hope that he’s not smart enough to realize he shouldn’t still be in town.”
“Anything’s possible.”
“I’ve got some errands to run this morning, so I guess I’ll be going. Can I have my picture back, just in case?”
“Certainly,” Daniel said. “Let me go make a copy.” He walked out of the office and came back in a few seconds, handing Adam the picture.
Chapter 28
Adam knew he had to either get his flat tire fixed or buy a new tire. He didn’t want to be caught in the country with a flat tire and no spare. Not that he planned to travel into the country anytime soon, but he never knew where a story might lead. He might have to go out in the country to track down Gilbert’s killer.
He decided to call Larry to get some advice. “Who’s the best tire dealer in town?”
“I’ve only had need of a tire dealer once since I’ve been here and that was only to get a flat fixed.”
“As it happens, that’s exactly what I need.”
“I used Barton’s Tires and I’ve been driving on the tire for about six months now and it hasn’t leaked yet. I’d have to say I got treated pretty well. Barton’s was recommended to me.”
“Barton’s Tires it is then.”
“Know where it is?”
“Yes. I’ve driven past it several times so I’m sure I can find it. Talk to you later.”
Adam had, in fact, driven past Barton’s Tires several times because it was between Canary House and Marti’s house. He drove straight there. Suddenly, his nose began to itch in the way that told him all was not proper in some way or other. He wondered why his nose had begun to itch now. After all, he was only going to get a new tire or his old tire repaired. Once parked, he took the flat out of the back of the car and rolled it through one of the garage doors into an empty repair bay.
“Can I help you, sir?” A good-sized man with bulging muscles came over to him. Adam couldn’t believe it. He’d just finished telling Daniel how difficult it would be to recognize one face out of a crowd and then, there he stood. Adam knew the man standing before him in the shop had to be Rodney Tabor. Adam had no question. He matched the picture exactly. Even his sewn-on nametag said Rodney.
Adam knew he had to stay calm if he didn’t want to tip his hand. He said, as calmly as he could, “I’d like to know if you can do anything with this tire or if it needs to be replaced.”
Rodney leaned down and looked at the tire. “I don’t know. That tire doesn’t have much tread left. Are the rest of your tires in the same condition?”
“Perhaps you can come outside and tell me.” Adam thought surely he couldn’t be as lucky as it seemed.
“I can do that. Where’s your car?”
“Over there.” Adam pointed to his car when they got outside and then walked directly to it.
Rodney bent down, examined the tires visually, and then felt the tread depth. “Yep. I’d have to say you should replace all of them. How long have they been on the car?”
“I don’t know. I just bought the car.”
“Didn’t you check the tires before you bought it?”
“To be perfectly honest, I didn’t. The car doesn’t have many miles and the price was right. I know I should’ve looked at the tires. The dealer probably would’ve replaced them in order to sell the car.”
“Probably. But that doesn’t matter now. What do you want to do?”
“How much would four new tires cost?”
“Let’s go back inside and find out.”
Adam followed Rodney into the showroom. Rodney went behind the counter and consulted a couple of huge loose-leaf binders. “You want regular bias ply, steel-belted radials, or all-weather?”
“I think steel-belted radials.”
“That’s good, because we have those in stock.”
“How much?” He knew he’d better ask, because anyone else would ask and he didn’t want Rodney to become suspicious.
Rodney played with a calculator for a few seconds and then said, “How about four hundred out the door? Of course, if that’s too expensive we can go cheaper, but the tires won’t be as good.”
“What about a spare?”
“One of your current tires should be good enough for a spare, or you can buy a fifth tire. That would add another hundred to the price.”
Adam thought for a second and once again his frugal nature took over. “No. Just pick out the best of my existing tires and I’ll use it for the spare. Will you put the spare back under the car for me?”
“Of course. We offer full-service tire replacement and repair.”
“Okay, but it’s my only mode of transportation. How long before you can work on it and how long will the whole thing take?”
“I can do it right now and it’ll only take about an hour and a half.”
“Okay. Let’s do it. Where do I wait?”
Rodney pointed to a corner of the showroom. “Chairs are over there and there’s a TV that’s got a pretty good picture. Got a key?”
Adam pulled out his key ring, took off the car key, and handed it to Rodney.
“If it’s going to be a while, I think I’ll go for a walk. That’s okay, isn’t it?”
“No problem. If you’re not back when I’m done, the car will be here waiting for you.”
“Okay. See you in a while. Thanks for your help and advice.” Adam reached out his hand and Rodney shook it. Adam closed his eyes. As he’d hoped, his mind took over and all of a sudden, in his mind’s eye, the shop was gone. He’d been transported to somewhere down a dark road and he could see a big man throwing something into a ditch beside the road. He instinctively knew it had to be the gun. He opened his eyes.
“Are you all right?” Rodney asked.
“Yes. Why do you ask?”
“You kind of spaced out there for a minute and your cheeks got all red.”
“Oh, sorry. I got a bit dizzy there for a second. But I’m all right now.” Adam realized Larry’s idea of growing a beard might be good. Apparently, the flush on his cheeks when he was having a vision was quite noticeable.
Adam went out the front door and down the block before pulling out his cell phone.
“Give me Sheriff Stibbens,” he told Patty.
“That you again, Ram?”
“Yes. But I don’t have any time for chitchat. I need to talk to Sheriff Stibbens right away.” Before she could say anything, he added, “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to be short with you, but I really do need to talk to the sheriff.”
“No problem.” She connected him with Daniel.
“Chief, you’re not going to believe this, but I found Rodney.”
“No, you didn’t. You couldn’t have found him already.”
“Okay, I didn’t, but I did. He’s working at Barton’s Tire shop. I had a flat tire yesterday. I went to Barton’s to get it repaired and who did I run into but Rodney Tabor.”
“That must be why he looked familiar. I stopped in there a few months back. I never met him, but maybe I saw him repairing a tire in the back.”
“Could be. I’m absolutely positive it’s him. He’s even so bold or so stupid to have his real first name on his uniform. When I shook his hand, I had a vision of a big man—I have to assume it was him—throwing something in a ditch beside the road.”
“Could you tell where it was and what it was?”
“No. It was dark. But I think it’s safe to assume that it was the gun and it’s somewhere near the spot where the murder was committed. I can’t picture him running all over creation with a smoking gun.”
“What now?”
“I’m not really sure. You can’t arrest him for being from Texas and we don’t have any actual proof he’s the one who killed Dr. Harrison. We don’t have the gun, and we might not be able to tie the gun to him even if we could find it. Somehow I don’t think a judge would buy off on my identifying him because I saw him in a vision. However, considering the vision came when we shook hands, in my own mind I’m certain he’s the guilty party.”
“It’s true we can’t arrest him without some kind of proof and I’m afraid your vision doesn’t constitute proof except to yourself, of course. Why don’t you come over here? ’We’ll put our heads together and see if we can come up with a plan.”
“That’s a good idea, except I’m getting four new tires put on the car. I don’t have any way to get there.”
“That’s alright. I’ll send George to get you.”
“Don’t send him in the squad car. We don’t want to spook Tabor.”
“I’ll tell him to take his personal car. Where would you like him to meet you? Not out in front of the tire store, I presume?”
“Of course not. How about the strip center north of the tire shop? Tell George I’ll wait for him in the barbershop. I’ll go out to his car when I see him drive up. Tell him not to get out—he’ll be in uniform, I presume.”
“Will do. He should be there in five or ten minutes.”
“Okay. I’m heading to the strip center now. I should be there before he gets there.”
He didn’t make it. Adam saw George pull up in his car as he got to the strip center. He walked up to the car, rapped on the window, and when George unlocked the door, he got in.
“What’s up?” George asked. “The chief didn’t tell me anything. He only told me to come get you in my personal car. That in itself is odd.”
“If he didn’t tell you, I’m guessing I shouldn’t, either. I think it should be up to the chief to let you know what’s going on.”
“Whatever you say.” George pulled out of the parking lot and didn’t say another word.
When they walked into Sheriff Stibben’s office, Eugene sat in the chair in front of Daniel’s desk. “Let’s go to the interrogation room. There are chairs enough there for all of us.” Daniel got up, walking out of the office. They all followed him.
When they were all seated, Daniel said, “All right, Ram, lay the situation out for them.”
Adam nodded and did it. When he finished, George said, “And you’re positive the guy in the tire store is the same one in the picture?”
“I am.”
“Why don’t we simply go arrest him?” Eugene said.
“On what charge?” Daniel asked. “Being from Texas? We don’t know any more about him than that and we don’t actually know that he’s guilty of anything.”
“I guess that’s right,” Eugene said. “Sorry I popped off. I didn’t stop to think. It was a dumb idea.”
“That’s perfectly all right,” Daniel said. “I always want you to speak your mind. Never be shy, even if you think what you’re going to say is dumb. Sometimes a half-baked idea or a dumb comment will lead to something else.” Daniel looked at his two deputies. “If neither of you has any ideas, I’d like to speak to Ram alone.”
“Okay, Chief.” Eugene walked around the table and out the door, followed closely by George, who closed the door.
“Any idea how we should proceed?”
“Actually, I do.” Adam outlined the plan that’d been bouncing around in his mind. Daniel asked a few questions and together, they refined the plan a bit.
“I think that plan might work,” Daniel said.
“Let’s hope so.”
George dropped Adam at the strip center before five o’clock. Adam went directly to the tire shop. He didn’t see anybody about except Rodney. That worked because they had to be alone if his plan had a chance to succeed.
“Hello,” Adam said when he went into the showroom and Rodney came out of the service bay area. “Is my car ready?”
Rodney nodded. “It’s out back. Want to look at it?”
“Sure.” Adam followed Rodney through the service area to the back of the building. His car waited there, sporting four new tires.
“Satisfied?” Rodney said.
“Yes. Shall we go back inside?”
Rodney led the way. Adam followed, making sure the doors were left open. Rodney settled himself behind the counter while Adam took his place in front of the counter. Rodney finished filling out some paperwork and then said, “Sign here, if you will, sir.”
Adam did so. Rodney separated the two papers and handed one to Adam. “This is your copy, sir,” he said. “That’ll be $396.47.”
“I’d like to discuss something and see whether we can’t come to some kind of arrangement.”
Rodney looked at him as if he’d uttered a stream of curse words. “You want to arrange financing after the fact?”
“Not exactly. There probably won’t be any need for financing or for paying at all.”
“What the devil are you getting at?”
“You don’t know who I am, do you?”
Rodney’s look changed to one of suspicion with his eyebrows raised and a grim set to his mouth. “Should I?”
“Not necessarily. I’m new in town. I have a strong feeling very shortly you’re going to wish you’d never met me at all.”
“Why do you say that?”
“Because I’m an investigative reporter for the Tweet and I’ve been following a story of something that happened a couple of years ago in Waco, Texas. I’m sure you know what I’m talking about.”
Rodney’s eyes grew wide and beads of perspiration broke out on his forehead but he feigned confusion. “Why should I?”
“Because you were very much involved with the events.”
“I still have no idea what you’re talking about.”
Adam didn’t need his lie-detecting abilities to know that Rodney lied but his neck hairs were almost dancing. “Then let me elucidate. I had been following Dr. Harrison when you met with him out on Clear Fork Road a few nights ago.”
“What do you mean, I met with him?”
“There’s no use pretending. I saw you as plain as day when you got out of your car. Remember, the interior light was on.” Adam didn’t actually know that the interior light had been on, but it stood to reason it had been. Reporters sometimes had to run a bluff in pursuit of a story with the hope that their bluff didn’t get called. “I saw you walk up to him, talk to him for a few seconds, and then blow the back of his head off. What were you trying to do, extort money from him?”
The shocked look that passed over Rodney’s face quickly became replaced by one of calm resignation. “I don’t know what you’re getting at with all of this.” He walked over and lowered and closed the blinds on all the windows before returning to his spot behind the counter.
“Why are you closing the blinds?” Adam said for the benefit of those listening in. He thought one more revelation might do the trick. “Afterwards, I followed you and saw where you ditched the gun.”
Rodney disappeared under the counter for a few seconds.
Adam wondered what he could be doing, but he couldn’t give up now.
When Rodney came back up, he said, “Too bad for you that you didn’t follow me the day after.” He raised a .45 and pointed the gun directly at Adam. “I thought better about leaving the gun out there and went back and got it. This gun right here, as a matter of fact.”
“You really think you can get away with shooting me right here in your shop?”
“I don’t know why not.” He reached behind him, picking up the cushion lying on the chair. “This’ll do nicely to silence the sound and no one can see in.”
Just then Daniel and George came into the room with their guns pointing directly at Rodney. “Don’t twitch a muscle,” Daniel said.
Rodney just shrugged and sat his gun on the counter.
“Why, Rodney?” Adam asked.
“Why kill him?” Rodney replied.
“Yes, I really would like to know. Was it money?”
Rodney groaned and then chuckled softly, which sounded almost like a sob. “No, it wasn’t money. I just wanted him to admit and pay for what he did.”
“But why kill him?” Daniel said. “Why didn’t you come to us?”
“I told him I would, but he said it wouldn’t do any good because he’d just disappear again. I couldn’t have that. It took almost everything I had to track him down the first time. When I showed him the gun, he just laughed. I just couldn’t take that. He killed three people and caused the death of my son, and he was laughing. I’m glad he’s dead.”
“Cuff him, George,” Daniel said.
Rodney didn’t resist. George led him out the back, with Daniel close behind. Adam trailed as well. They went around to the side of the building where George had parked the patrol car.
After George put him in the back of the car, he walked around to the passenger side and Daniel opened the driver’s side door.
“Cut your entrance a bit close, didn’t you, Chief?”
“We needed to be sure we got enough recorded. We didn’t want there to be any slip-up in the trial. We certainly don’t want an ‘O.J. case.’”
“With the gun and the recordings, I don’t think there’s any chance of that.”
“Yes, but he didn’t come up with the gun until the last minute.”
“That’s true. Are we done here, Chief?”
“We are. Would you mind hanging around for a few minutes until I can get Rodney’s keys and send Eugene back to lock up? We can’t very well leave the store wide open.”
“Only if I can take off this darn microphone.” Daniel nodded so Adam pulled open his shirt and ripped the tape and microphone from his chest, handing the microphone to Daniel. “It itched something fierce. I’ll stay. I don’t mind at all. I’ll go back inside.”
Adam waited about ten minutes until Eugene came back with the keys. Adam followed him around the building as he locked all the doors. Before they left the showroom, Adam went behind the counter, retrieving the key to his car.
“I presume I can take my car key?”
“Shouldn’t be a problem. It’s not as if your key is pertinent to the investigation.”
“I didn’t think so.”
They locked the back door and drove off in opposite directions.
Chapter 29
Larry leaned back in his chair with his feet propped up on his desk, reading the newspaper when Adam walked in. “Larry, you want your headline for Wednesday’s paper?”
“Is this a trick question?”
“The police got Dr. Harrison’s murderer.”
Larry almost fell out of his chair taking his feet down from the desk. He sat up and put his elbows on the desk with his chin in his hands. He stared directly at Adam. “How’d that happen?”
“Do you want to hear the story, or would you rather I told you and Alex, to give him the story he can write up for Wednesday?”
“You don’t want to write the story yourself?”
“I’m afraid I might slant the article my way. Besides, haven’t you harped over the years that a good reporter will never write a story he’s part of?”
“So you were part of it. What’re you doing, playing finder again?”
“Not exactly. Remember that guy Rodney Tabor that was in the picture that was faxed last night?”
Larry nodded.
“Well, as it turns out, he worked at the tire shop you sent me to. That must’ve been where you’d seen him without realizing it. Now, shouldn’t we get Alex in here?”
“Alex,” Larry bellowed.
Alex hurried into the office, looking a bit shaken. “What’d I do, boss?”
“Nothing. Ram has a story to tell you. Then you’re probably going to need to go on a couple of interviews.”
“Cool.” Alex quickly recovered from his fright. “Just a sec.” He hurried from the office and came back in a few seconds with a yellow legal pad. “Shoot.” He looked directly at Adam.
Adam told his story almost without interruption. “Any questions?”
Larry and Alex both shook their heads. “I suppose I’d better go talk to Stibbens,” Alex said. “After that, I may have some questions for you.”
“No problem. You have my cell number. I’m going home to relax. I’ve had a rather harrowing day.”
“That you have.” Larry looked at Alex. “You get out of here. Go talk to Sheriff Stibbens.”
“Right, boss. See you tomorrow.” He left without another word.
“Why don’t you get out of here, too?” Larry said.
“I think I shall, but I have an idea to discuss first. I’d like to go ahead and write a review of the Mason Jar, mentioning a little bit, just a little bit mind you, about the murder as well. I’d really like Darla to continue to make a success of the restaurant. After all, she’s not guilty of anything. I’m sure she’s had a hard time of it over the last couple of years, especially the last couple of days.”
“Actually, that sounds like a good idea. When will you have the copy for me?”
“How about tomorrow, for Friday’s paper? That way everyone will know about the murder being solved before the restaurant review shows up in the paper.”
Larry nodded.
“So I’ve got the go ahead?”
“You do.”
“Okay, see you tomorrow, if not sooner.” Adam pivoted and left.
He drove directly to Canary House.
After taking Bagel for his nightly walk, Adam had an overwhelming urge to talk to a friendly voice.
“Good evening, my lady. It’s not too late, is it?”
“Of course not, sire. Anything before ten o’clock is okay and you’re more than welcome to call. What’s up?”
“First off, I just had a strong compulsion to call you and second, I thought you’d like to know Gilbert’s killer is behind bars.”
“First off, isn’t strong compulsion a bit dramatic? Second, that’s really good news. I presume you had something to do with it.”
“I did.” He related the entire story.
“So this guy named Rodney was standing there with a gun pointed at you. Did I get the essence of it?”
“You did. But the reality isn’t as bad as it sounds. Sheriff Stibbens and his deputy were right outside.”
“So they could’ve rushed in as soon as they heard the gunshot, to find you lying there, bleeding all over the floor?”
“Actually, they wouldn’t have heard the shot because Rodney had been ready to use a pillow as a silencer.” Instantly, Adam realized what he’d said. “I’m sorry. Forget I said that. I don’t believe Rodney had any intention of shooting me. He was just trying to scare me. Besides, they were listening in on the conversation.”
“But you don’t know for sure that he was just trying to scare you. Am I to infer from this episode you’re a bit daring, or shall I say foolhardy, when investigating a crime story?”
“I have to go where the evidence leads and, yes, sometimes that means I end up in a slightly dangerous situation.”
“I wouldn’t call somebody pointing a gun at you ‘slightly dangerous.’”
“You know, I called you to get buoyed up, not torn down.”
“Is that what I was doing? I’m sorry. It’s just that I hate the idea of you risking your life in pursuit of a newspaper article. It’d be a great loss to this community if you were to be struck down.”
“To the community, huh?”
“And to me personally.”
“Now that’s more what I’d been hoping for.”
“I’ll try to remember that in the future.”
“On to another topic, then. Did you read my column?”
“Of course I did. I liked that story a lot. You captured the essence of the story nicely.”
“Thanks to you.”
“I only told you the story. You wrote the article.”
“Regardless. You told a good story and I wrote the article based directly on the notes I took.”
“I’m glad I could help.”
“On to a third topic. I’d love to see you again. That is, if you don’t mind going out with someone who’s trying to commit suicide by criminal.”
“Is that what you’re trying to do?”
“No, of course not. But I think you thought that’s what I was trying to do.”
“I didn’t, and I’m sorry if it sounded that way. But it does seem that you take unnecessary chances.”
“Sometimes chances are necessary to get the story. But you didn’t answer my question. Would you be willing to go out with me again?”
“Of course. Keeping in mind during the week isn’t the best time for me.”
“I was thinking Friday night. How about dinner with your aunt, if she’ll go, and then a rousing game of Boggle?”
“Sounds like fun to me. Why don’t you ask Aunt Livinia?”
“I will. Shall we say seven o’clock? I’ll pick you up.”
“Works for me. See you then. I’m already looking forward to Friday, but now I think we both better get some sleep.”
“I’m looking forward to Friday, too. But I do have to go now, I’m getting another call. It’s from my sister.”
“Okay. Talk to you later.”
“Hello, sis. What’s up?”
“I was just wondering whether you’ve become comfortable with Bagel and his abilities.”
“I guess as comfortable as I can be. I still can hardly believe his abilities. They’re so far removed from what a normal dog can do it’s almost overwhelming. Why do you ask?”
“Because Mom told me something and made me promise I would try to talk you into doing the proper thing.”
“That sounds ominous.”
“It’s not that bad. It’s just that you need to find a girlfriend for Bagel.”
“A girlfriend?”
“That’s right. Because Bagel is, basically, one of a kind, if we’re to continue to reap the benefits of his abilities, he has to generate some offspring.”
“You make it sound so romantic.”
“I can be even more clinical if you like.”
“Never mind. I got the point.”
“One other thing.”
“Yes?”
“His girlfriend must be another beagle. Aunt Mary told Mom other breeds have been tried over the years, but only a beagle-to-beagle mating carries on the abilities.”
“Another beagle it is, then. I even know where to get one.”
“Is she a purebred?”
“How would I know? I’ve only seen her a few times.”
“It’s important. Remember, if there are other breeds in the mix you don’t get the proper results.”
“Okay, I’ve got it. I’ll find out whether the female is purebred and, if not, I’ll find another dog. Is that okay?”
“Yes.”
“How’s everything else going?”
“Ryan is in the final couple of weeks of play practice. Are you going to be able to come see his play?”
“You can count on it. What I thought might keep me here isn’t an issue anymore. What day is it?”
“Next Saturday, the twenty-third.”
“Okay, I’m making a note on my calendar. I assume it’ll be okay if I bring a date.”
“Of course. Got a girlfriend for yourself already, huh?”
“I’m working on it. She’s an English teacher who I’m sure would love to see the play. But, because she’s a teacher, the trip will have to be short to allow her to be back on Monday.”
“That’ll be fine as long as you’re here for the play. Can I tell Ryan you’re coming?”
“As I said, you can count on it. Is Sheila having any fun?”
“Yes. She loves her school and has made oodles of friends as she always does. She’s even been to a few sleepovers and has had one of her own.”
“That’s good. How are you doing up there in Maine? You planning to stay now that Mom’s gone?”
“Where would I go? Surely you don’t think I’d go back to Chicago.”
“No, I’m sure you wouldn’t.”
“Then Maine is as good as any place. We’ve been here for over a year now. The kids are all settled and my job is going well. As a matter of fact, I recently got promoted to night manager of the hotel.”
“Congrats.”
“It’s not the shift I’d have chosen—I have to be away from the kids at night—but Aunt Mary has joined us to take care of them while I’m away.”
“Anything else, sis?”
“Not that I can think of. What’s up with you besides working on a girlfriend?”
Adam thought about telling her about his adventure of the day, but he decided she probably had enough to worry about keeping track of two kids. Instead, he merely said, “No, not really. I’ve turned in my first blog, though. Tomorrow I’m going to write up another one and I already know what I’m going to write about.”
“What was the first one and what are you going to write about tomorrow?”
“I’m not going to tell you. Read my blog.” He gave her the website address and explained how to get to the blog.
“Okay. I’ll read them.”
“Anything else?”
“Not that I can think of.”
“I’ll be sure to call you if anything comes up and I can’t make it. The only way that’ll happen, however, is if there’s something truly earth-shattering.”
“That’s the only thing I’d accept for breaking your promise to Ryan. I expect you to be here.”
“As I said, you can count on it.”

The next day Adam sat at his computer and, in short order, he had the following restaurant review he posted to his blog and Larry printed in Friday’s edition of the Tweet:
“Ram’s Rambling Restaurant Review”
By now, you’ve probably heard or read about the owner of the Mason Jar being killed and his killer being captured. Darla, the wife of the victim, wants everyone to know that she’s keeping the Mason Jar open. I, for one, am very glad she is. I’ve eaten at the Mason Jar three times and, each time, have found the food superb.
The first time I ate there I had what, no doubt, a lot of you have had: a Mason sandwich. I wasn’t disappointed. The generous portions of four meats—ham, roast beef, turkey, and bacon—along with the Mason Jar’s own special sauce makes a taste sensation to satisfy virtually any size hunger. In addition, the crispy, skin-on home fries are far above the average French fries served at the typical fast-food restaurant.
If a sandwich isn’t your style, the Mason Jar offers a wide variety of other selections on their menu. If seafood is your desire, I can, without reservation, recommend the shrimp platter. The shrimp comes to the table fried to perfection using a batter that is nothing short of epicurean heaven. The coleslaw that accompanies the shrimp is the best this humble reporter has ever had, bar none.
If fare from south of the Rio Grande is more to your liking, you should definitely try the fajitas. They come with all the garnishments you could imagine and the taste isn’t to be believed. I’ve had fajitas from Chicago to New York as well as in Mexico, and the fajitas at the Mason Jar push all the rest to no more than a weak second on my culinary scale.
I haven’t had the opportunity to sample every entrée on the menu, but I can easily assume that the rest of the dishes served at the Mason Jar would be nothing short of excellent. Thus, if you haven’t already figured it out, I wholeheartedly recommend the Mason Jar for your next meal out. I give it five out of five Rams. 
    
Respectively submitted for your edification and reading pleasure by Robert Adam Madigan.

Adam called Marti early.
“Hello,” Marti said, yawning.
“I’m sorry, did I wake you?”
“Of course not, I’m getting ready for school. I’m just not quite awake yet. What can I do for you this morning?”
“I called to find out if you’ve got any plans the weekend of the twenty-third?”
“Whatever’s happening on the twenty-third must be awful important to warrant such an early phone call.”
“It is to me. I haven’t told you yet, basically because the topic hasn’t come up, but I have a sister in Maine. She has a son and daughter and her son is in a play on the twenty-third. I’d greatly appreciate it if you’d consent to accompany me.”
“Did you say Maine? That’s an awful long drive to be there on Saturday. You know, of course, I can’t leave until Friday evening. I have school that day.”
“It may be a long drive, but it’s only about a one-hour flight. We can drive up to Charleston, fly to Bangor, and then rent a car to go to my sister’s house. I have, essentially, promised my nephew I’d be at his play.”
“What’s the play?”
“Honestly, I don’t know. All I know is my nephew’s playing a pirate.”
“Regardless. I’d be more than happy to accompany you. Where would we stay? With your sister?”
“No. She has one extra bedroom but it’s actually not available now because my Aunt Mary is staying there to help with the kids. There’s a motel not too far from her house. As a matter of fact, she’s night manager of that motel and that’s why Aunt Mary is staying with her. I’ll get you your own room, of course.”
“It all sounds wonderful. We can talk about it and finalize plans tonight. I assume we’re still on?”
“Absolutely, we are. I’ll be sure and talk to Livinia. But now, I’ll let you finish getting ready for work.”
THE END

Follow the continuing adventures of Adam, Marti, and Bagel in the second installment of this series The Dog Who Ate The Burglar: An Adam And Bagel Mystery: Book 2. When there's a rash of burglaries in Canary Corners, West Virginia, the sheriff asks Adam to use his finder skills to help figure out who the burglar is. Unbidden, Bagel, Adam's beagle, offers clues through the use of Boggle dice and the game of colors to help Adam and the sheriff solve the mystery of the burglar and the murder he has committed.
About The Author

Edward J. Coburn is a computer programmer and a long-time writer. He began his writing career while teaching college when he started writing textbooks. Now, with many textbooks to his credit, he began seriously writing fiction in about 1996. His first book, Order of the White Feather: The sword of Dalamar may be purchased on Amazon and also at Smashwords.Com. His series The Dog Who Ate The ??? is alphabetical and the second book The Dog Who Ate The Burglar: An Adam and Bagel Mystery: Book 2 can be found on Amazon.com and on Smashwords.Com. The third book in the series, The Dog Who Ate The Crossbow: An Adam and Bagel Mystery: Book 3 can be found on Amazon.com and on Smashwords.Com. The fourth book The Dog Who Ate The Drawing: An Adam and Bagel Mystery: Book 4 will be out just after the first of the year. The blog about The Dog Who series may be seen at http://dogwhoate.blogspot.com/
The Last Killer Standing: A Josh and Abby Mystery: Book 1 is a series about serial killers and the second book in the series The Last Sibling Standing: A Josh and Abby Mystery: Book 2 will be out approximately June of 2013. The blog about the Standing series may be seen at http://lastkillerstanding.blogspot.com/.
Connect with Ed
Smashwords author page: 
http://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/Authorof22

Ed’s blog about his Dog book series: 
http://dogwhoate.blogspot.com/

Ed’s blog about the Standing series: 
http://lastkillerstanding.blogspot.com/

Ed’s Website: 
http://edwardjcoburn.com/

Facebook: 
http://m.facebook.com/profile.php?refid=17

LinkedIn: 
http://www.linkedin.com/pub/ed-coburn/10/43b/992

Twitter: 
https://twitter.com/EdwardJCoburn


