






BLACK WREATH
© copyright M. Jones, 2010. All rights reserved.
First electronic edition.
Published by:    BLOODLETTERS INK 

This is a work of fiction. There is no resemblance to anyone living or dead, and any such resemblance is purely coincidental. This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. 
For more stories and works published by M. Jones please visit:

http://bloodlettersink.com




REVIEWS OF M. JONES

314 Crescent Manor:

“...A refreshingly eerie serial that gets stronger with every episode. Definitely one to read. “ A. M. Harte, author of Above Ground

“I’ve been a fan of Jones’ writing for a few years now.  Her work is full of black comedy, suspense, memorable characters, and palpable atmosphere.  314 Crescent Manor is no exception.” Nancy Bauer, author of Strange Little Band  

“Every character introduced, right from the main characters in Mark and Nathan, is interesting to learn about.  Even the location itself can be called a character in this adventure.” Tim Holtorf, author of Black Mask & Pale Rider

Black Wreath:

“This is a compelling and intriguing tale of murder, money-grubbing, and deceit, where nothing is as it seems and the world is full of shades of grey. “ A. M. Harte, author of Darksight







AN INTRODUCTION
by A. M. Harte, author of Above Ground and 
editor of the webfiction anthology Other Sides and senior editor for 1889Labs
Walking down the streets of London, I cannot help but wonder how many dead sleep beneath my feet. For London is a city of rich, macabre history—history of crime and violence, war and pestilence, and death.... so much death. Sitting on the tube as I commute into work, I imagine the nearby underground plague pits and shudder thankfully to think that I am here now in the present, and not back in the London of old, rife with grime and sickness.
Not so lucky Mr Arthur Endswell, a Victorian gentleman-turned-gravedigger caught between poverty and his lifestyle’s demands. Forced to supplement his meagre inheritance by stealing freshly-buried bodies for dissection, Arthur is a man of duplicitous nature, intensely aware of his precarious social standing and desperate to secure the affections of his beloved. And Arthur, of course, is the protagonist of Black Wreath.
Faced with a puzzling mystery that threatens his livelihood, Arthur traipses across London and brings the city and its money-driven inhabitants to life, from the lowliest of beggars to the genteel upper classes. Despite his sordid occupation, Arthur has a likeable quality to him—although I am hard pressed to explain why. Perhaps it is his shrewdness and insight, or his twisted thief’s honour, or perhaps it is because there is such poverty, such filth, and rising out of it such irrepressible life and resilience, such dark humour. 
In either case, it is a testament to M. Jones’ genius storytelling that the polluted London of Mr Arthur Endswell encroached upon my present, haunting my imagination long after I read the closing lines. 
Reader, prepare yourself for a tale entertaining, gripping, and morbid by turns—and arm yourself against the cold, for the dead inhabit these pages.
A.M. Harte and her works can be found online at http://qazyfiction.com  and http://1889.ca (Hungry For You, a zombie anthology) Her web series Darksight is also highly recommended.  The webfiction anthology Other Sides is available online at Ergofiction, and contains works from many talented online fiction writers:  http://www.ergofiction.com/ebooks/  




CHAPTER ONE

"It is not that I'm feeling any animosity toward you, this must be understood. This is not a personal affront to your nature, or against your family. What it is, my dearest friend, is the callous desperation of a good man clinging to a family name that has nothing attached to it but the last whispers of lint from a single pound note."
He remained quiet as the dead often do, and I again dug the spade into the earth, the soft mound yielding to my sweating effort. The night was drenched in a proper pea-souper, one that collected in a sticky film in my lungs and was coughed out onto a handkerchief in the manner of a person suffering consumption. It was this latter fear that kept the others, miserable grave robbers that they were, far from me, their shovels pushing along the mounds with quiet, quick deliberation, their lamplight seeping through the thick grey mist that collected over the cemetery in an opaque funereal veil.
As a gentleman I am privileged to be understood as a man of upright breeding, a man of substance that is not so base as the beggars that line the entrance of this cemetery, waiting for the crust of bread that comes in the form of decayed bones. Again, I tip my hat to this grave of the elderly man who has so kindly allowed me to keep my station, for while I am a gentleman, it is a standing in name only. I should perhaps not be so unkind to those beggars who have subsisted out their living by plucking the dead as I am close to joining them in squalor, the money attached to my name long since spent by far more frivolous ancestors.
I have made my way through this life by my own cunning and a careful allocation of funds which I procure on a weekly basis from my solicitor, Mr. Eugene Titmouse. He is a small, hungry morsel of a man, who is the sole beneficiary of the knowledge of my poverty, an issue he never ceases to harp upon at every weekly visit. He finds it amazing that I am not threadbare, that my collar remains so freshly starched and white, and my shoes remain polished and free of the muck of the streets. Nay, it is not the streets that taint me, as I am careful even on the wettest of days to keep the muck of the newly gone from tainting my good clothes. I wear a proper costume for the occasion, and am known to change in the carriage into my proper vestments when riding within it alongside my disinterred guests to Dr. Faust Grey's cottage.
Six pounds a corpse, and I am in the habit as of late of delivering two to three specimens a week to the illustrious Doctor, a feat many of my nefarious peers find envious, if not outright greedy. Thus, I, Arthur Endswell, remain in the accoutrements of a gentleman and still enjoy the lofty company of those with money, especially the attentions of one young woman in particular who has stolen my heart with the fiercest of violence. Ah, yes, soft, sweet Amelia Pertwee, her skin smooth and blemish free, the hue of soft cream and honey, her lips the ripe split of a peach in hot summer. She is a delight to taste--Or so I should imagine, as her guardian, the widow Mrs. Lettuce Cox has ensured no such victuals be taken from her niece without the proper channels of moral righteousness. A hard life it is to suffer without the hand of the woman one loves, the matrimonial altar removed from one's hopes due to the stoic, long suffering, dour spirit of her jailer.
Such unfairness on my part does not become me, and thus I should not be so unkind towards Mrs. Cox, for she has done what others would not in taking charge of her niece's guardianship. Why, she has provided her shelter and food and every sort of companionable kindness, so wherefore should I be so cruel in my assessment of her? If she should wear black crepe and wrap every mirror in her home as though some bogey were set to crawl out of them, what is such a thing to me? 
Though the loss of her husband was a terrible burden to her, I can't imagine why the poor man would want to revisit his living shackles, and in truth his deathbed photograph betrays a man looking very forward to the end of his suffering, especially as how his head is slightly away turned from his wife, a sweet smile playing upon his pale lips. 
Oh, but I am a cruel fellow! I am being bitter and unkind towards our dear Mrs. Cox, for she is not so odious. It is but a trifle, really, how she sits directly between myself and Amelia at tea-time, her rotund form an impenetrable wall of black marble that refuses to allow any voice but her own to be heard. But then, who needs a voice when Amelia's gentle smile says all, the wan incline of her head towards me an admission of passionate ardour. How I steal such moments from behind the clutches of that black, horse voiced harpy! There, now, I am cruel again. I should hold my thoughts as I hold my tongue. With iron resolve.
It is imperative, of course, to be on good terms with the stern Mrs. Cox, and as Amelia is an agreeable person, her elderly guardian has been so kind as to see fit to make her the sole heir of her rather outstanding fortune, one which is in a very healthy state and not at all suffering dwindling decline as mine is. Old money has a habit of taking a long stroll out of a proper gentleman's pocket, and the charity of my peers can only go so far. Thus, Amelia and I are a perfect match, I giving her the pleasant domestic office of a mother and wife so important to every woman of proper society, and she gives to me the means by which to make her a good woman. It is a fortuitous arrangement, and one I shall forge with all the passion and need of love on my side.
Yes, I did mention love. Through her quiet, meek means, Amelia has properly stolen my heart which, coincidentally, is rather close to my leather wallet.
Lofty, altruistic ambition does come with a hefty price attached, and as I finished my business with my elderly patron, I had to marvel at how opposing these realms within my existence had become. This rather gruesome business with the dead is, of course, a secretive side to my otherwise spotless life, and as the pay is rather substantial I am not so inclined to give it up easily. The old man's offering of himself as an alm to my cause is much appreciated. So, I find myself on this cold, pea-souper of a night in the Whitechapel cemetery at an hour that does not, by any stretch of imagination, belie a gentleman's version of mourning. I drag the crate and the old, broken man within it to the waiting coach at the corner of the cemetery, my muscles aching with effort, though not as much as when I had first started my ghastly apprenticeship. Beneath my staunch, upper middle class vestments, I am developing a sailor's physique. I blame it on riding, and the enjoyment of a swim and a sparring session on the other side of the city. But a robust choler is suspect to my fellows at the Athenaeum gentleman’s club, and even these simple activities raise a brow or two. There has been talk that I am excessive in my exercise, doing my bones and muscles a great disservice in my unnecessary strain. There are worse rumours still. They are suspecting I am 'country'. I have been taken to powdering my face to allow for some pallor, if only to throw them off my increasingly good health. We are an indoor lot, the fraternity of Londoner gentlemen. To enjoy the open air is nigh on treason. One might as well call oneself an American.
The carriage jerks from side to side as it makes its way up the cobblestone hill out of the cemetery limits and then out of London altogether as it crawls up the periphery of that massive, squatting city, her putrid maw a black sore upon the countryside that struggles to retain its beauty as London belches black smoke upon its deep green lushness, a soup of coal ash and sulphur poisoning every stray pond it finds. London is far reaching. It is not until the clustered houses quickly give way to open field and then to the denser lines of trees that finally we approach a clearing, whereupon at the top lies a stable and a tiny cottage with a peat moss roof. For all the miserable talk of my city peers in regards to the country and its backward ignorance, I must say I would prefer it to the greasy hordes of London, where death is as common as every chiseled tombstone, forty of which pile upon the cemeteries every day. I utter a small prayer of forgiveness to my charge beside me. My hand stays the crate with my responsibility in it, and it I stop myself from uttering words of encouragement to the corpse in the wooden crate, the foolishness of setting a husk of flesh at ease grating on my sensibilities.
The driver is Dr. Faust Grey's own, and he speaks nothing. He is a large boulder of a man, draped in a thick black cloak and an equally thick felt hat that covers his features in shadow. His face has never been known to me. I half wonder if he is mute, for I have never so much as see him grunt in acknowledgement to either myself or to his master. I struggle with my gift alone, the coachman having nothing to do with me, as is his right. He is only there to provide the means of transport, not to be a handy assistant. The carriage itself is a simple affair, one not used for human transportation so much as revered goods. Its side is emblazoned with the emblem for Royal Tea, a brew that I have yet to ever see sold in any market, and yet there are several crates available within, all of them strangely long in construction, at six feet in length in a guessed estimation, with the symbol of a leaf and a half lemon painted haphazardly on all sides. There are four of them in the carriage today, and while my good fellow who had so kindly donated himself to me was cheerfully waiting in the one with various oranges and lemons and the odd strawberry painted on the surface in happy colours, the other remaining crates were filled with straw and were empty.
Thus, one can come to two possible conclusions. Dr. Faust Grey was an aberration when it came to drinking tea, or else these crates were in fact makeshift coffins, manufactured and ready for transporting cadavers. I'm not sure if anyone had ever questioned the shape and size of these crates, nor the brand, but officers had seen them plenty of times and had taken no note of them. In fact, everything seemed to be easily explained if I just said, "A shipment from India." For everything of the Maharaja is considered exotic and superior, save for England's own, of course.
The crate slides off the edge of the carriage and onto the ground with a soft thud. I stand beside it, the coach slowly leaving us behind as the tiny half open door of Dr. Grey's cottage beckons us in. I turn to my neighbour in his crate, the discourse selfishly one sided: "I should hope you know, he's the best anatomist in the whole of Europe. If I had a bad humour within me, he's the one I'd trust to cut into it and leave me alive. I bet he could have done something for you, poor old soul." I tip my bowler hat to the crate, offering its contents my respects. "It is an incredible journey you are taking, kind sir, one that travels not only one road, but two. Out of your shell and into the arms of Heaven, and then crashing through earth to end up at the end of a vivisectionist's blade. Visions of Heaven and Hell, my friend." I patted the surface of the crate fondly before grabbing the rope tied around it and dragging it to the front entrance of the cabin.
"Myself, I have in mind the six pound note that's coming to me. Come now, don't be so reluctant. A gentleman has to eat, and he has to buy good clothes--What more could you possibly need, when the world has siphoned every drop of life out of you?"


CHAPTER TWO
Of course, I shouldn't be surprised by the scene that confronts me as I enter the small cottage, the stink of vinegars and other corrosive concoctions made to preserve the dead overpowering me with their strong aroma. There are no flowers in Dr. Faust Grey's lair, for he is strongly attuned to his senses, and must use all without the distraction of melancholy reminders of mourning. As usual, he already has an invited guest upon his slab, the hacksaw in his hand sawing away at the ribcage of a male youth. He looks up from his work to spy me in the doorway, his brow cleansed of his sweat with the back of his sleeve as he nods for me to enter. A burgundy line of gore now lines his brow. "Arthur, my good friend, come in, come in!" His voice is thick with an Austrian accent, his bushy grey brows pressed tight together over tiny, black eyes. His greeting sounds, to my ears, more like "Mine guud frrend. Gummin! Gummin!"
I struggle to oblige, the heavy weight of the crate I dragged to his door hindering me, but Dr. Grey is so busy entertaining his latest guest that he has no thought for my struggle. I land the crate into the cramped, corrosive space and collapse upon it, my hands braced on my knees as I catch my breath. I have mentioned I am not a man accustomed to such brawn, my main focus upon the workings within the mind and its social implications than the physical manifestations my oblique colleague investigates. Theories and breakthroughs occur for me through the more metaphysical manifestations of dreams, news articles and the outside actions of men. Not for me the hacksaw and bones.
With the body cavity of the young man before him properly split, Dr. Grey reaches in and pulls the separated ribs wide, revealing the mysteries laying within the human torso. "He is in excellent health," Dr. Grey asserts as he lifts out the purple fist that is a human heart and places it in a jar of vinegar. There is a strange sense of disappointment in his voice, as though somehow the health of this corpse has let him down. Perhaps it has, as he is a man so dedicated to the searching out and labelling of various diseases that ravage us Londoners with such consummate skill. He has been adamant that the air of London is unfit to breathe, made worse still by the evils of tobacco, a strange assertion that others in his career have ridiculed outright. Tobacco clears the lungs of toxins, is the common belief, and it is even prescribed to those suffering the beginnings of consumption. How wrong they are. I have seen with my own eyes Dr. Grey's comparison of country healthy pink lungs alongside the donated lungs of a man who smoked heavily and worked at the belching coal-driven textile factory at the dock. Blissful pink versus black pus filled sacs that were not only obvious in their disease, but gave off a foul smell besides, have both convinced me that while my gentleman friends may enjoy the pleasures of the pipe, in the interest of a long life I respectfully abstain.
Thus, you can understand, a truly healthy man is a rarity upon Dr. Grey's slab, and I eyed this opened house of bone and sinews with consternation. "One must wonder how he arrived here," I carefully said, judging my colleague's reaction. I haven't yet discerned why Dr. Grey is so choosy when these guests of his arrive, be they from natural means or otherwise. If a man should happen to be stabbed upon the cobblestones of Whitechapel and end up in this pleasant little abode, then it is no great crime committed on the good Doctor's part, so long as he can document the victim's name, occupation and the region of his birth. He is merely the go-between in this visit from this life into the realm of Hades who carefully places all manner of intimate, secret details into his copious notes. Of course, he would have no need of me at all, if he kept the attitude of his colleagues and took full advantage of the Anatomy Act of 1832. My occupation is strangely unnecessary, but as Dr. Grey finds it of the utmost importance to gain as much information on his guests as possible—names, occupations, places of birth and if it can be discovered, their very family tree--the anonymous unclaimed souls provided to his peers will not do for the purposes of his research. What this research is, I do not hazard a guess, but considering how amply I am rewarded for my efforts, I refuse to question his tenacity in the matter. Dr. Grey is merely a man caught up in the overwhelming details of his science. One cannot judge him too harshly. I certainly try not to.
Perhaps he understood my uncomfortable stance around his subject, and with his bushy grey brows pressed in a tight line across his forehead, he blinked his sparrow eyes at me and pointed to my doubts with the tip of his scalpel. "Purely an accident, and an interesting one. Ach, poor lad, he was riding his horse, galloping at full speed with careless thought. A string of forgotten wire had been strung across the entrance of the barn he was galloping through, placed there as a quiet barrier to spirited horses bedded down for the night. Sliced through to the very third vertebrae of his neck, an even garrotting that is highly enviable. I should wonder if I could use the method myself, in slicing off sections of limb. A tight wire makes a lovely clean cut--take a look for yourself."
As is the custom for those who find such gruesome spectacles commonplace, his pithy invite could be taken as evidence of his unfeeling nature when confronted with the human tragedy laying before him. But as I pretend to know Dr. Faust Grey quite well, I am faced with the knowledge that this is his method of normalizing his grisly work, that he does indeed think upon this boy on his table as a person, albeit one that is no longer present, and whose corpse is a mere footnote in knowing who he truly was. In this, Dr. Grey is absolutely just, for I have never yet had a corpse rear up and correct any misunderstood aspects of its history.
No, as visitors go, corpses are quiet guests, ones which lay passive beneath the ministrations of their host, and give far more than what they are offered. Dr. Grey, after making several long notes in his leather bound book, blows upon the ink to dry it before turning back to the youth, and bundling his various pieces and bones into a dripping heap of muslin, which he then discards into a straw bin by the front door. The remote location is a shrewd one, where he can cover his actions through the hungry stomachs of his dozen or so pigs, reared from childhood on the hair and teeth of all manner of women and men. I am not a party to this method of disposal, and remain aloof from Dr. Grey's unfortunate actions. Gruesome, yes, but as the risk of losing his laboratory is far more serious to him than the loss of social decorum, he has been forced to make his peace.
"My good friend, Arthur," he said. (My guud frrend, Awthrrr) "I have something here that you may be very interested in."
"I should think the opposite," I said to him, and gave the crate beneath me a knock of my fist upon the worn wood. "You have quite a busy afternoon, I see."
He ignored my observation and bid me to come closer to a corpse I had procured for him not two days before. Curious, I stood up and followed him, for it is rare that he holds onto the dead--Once they have served their purpose, they are wrapped like drying mounds of cheese and distributed to his hungry, squealing crew in the farm beside the cottage.
"A very strange case," he said, motioning to the slab where the ripening outline of a young woman lay beneath the thin cotton sheet covering her. He kept her privacy, but revealed the slender hand that had fallen off the slab to dangle beside her, exposed and taken freely by Dr. Grey's dry, cool grip. "I imagine you obtained her the usual way," he said, his voice factual. "No unnecessary involvement."
I had to bite down on a smile. The good Doctor's secretive code for murder. "I remember her well, as I recognize her ring. A woman of some middle standing, who had been ill for some time before finally succumbing. She was entombed, but the grave was not protected by the usual gaggle of mourners, and it was easy to slip inside and take her corpse after only a day's ripening.” I shrugged at Dr. Grey's strange scrutiny, believing it to be a disturbing new trend of interest growing in the man. Perhaps it would be best if he took a holiday, I thought. If I wanted to continue my employment with him, it would be best if he likewise remained in good health. “I believe her first name was Constance. Her family name I don't recall quite so easily—Goren or Granger, I believe. The information on her tombstone, including details of her burial plot was written in pencil on the card I had placed on her body when I delivered her to you.”
"What do you know of her family?" he asked, further disturbing me. This expression of interest in their lives outside of the laboratory was not rare, and as usual I was suspicious of it. His need to join together the masses he cut into was a strange admission, and I couldn't help but feel that such searching for fellow connections would prove unhealthy for him.
"She was a virginal girl with virginal aims," I said plainly. "A delight set to find her way into womanhood on the path of a true lady. “
“You must ask around. You will discover the circumstances of her life and thus her death.”
“ Dr. Grey, I do not know the quandry you find yourself in with this issue, and I do not wish to. To ask me to become involved with her family..."
"It is perhaps arsenic," Dr. Grey said, cutting off my observation with studious aplomb. He pointed to the woman's fingertips, at the bluish-purple pads at the end of a clawed hand stiff with rigour mortis. "Her nails tell the tale, ja, ja. See, here, the brittle pieces flaking off? The split down the middle, of each and every one? And then there is this." He pulled the sheet from her face, and I had to refrain from recoiling from it, lest I show myself not his full ally. "Her hair is likewise brittle, like pieces of dried grass. But there is something more than this, there is an array of chemicals upon her person that I have yet to understand. The arsenic was administered cruelly, yes, but there is also the effects of opium, visible post mortem as this liquifying appearance of the blood and congestion of the lungs and brain, and yet even this...Nein, something nasty has been performed here, something of zee criminal, ja, ja. In order to complete the sensory understanding of what I am saying, bend low to her chest, mine good friend, and take in her scent."
I eyed him with grave suspicion. "Dr. Grey, I should not think--"
"That has been ze problem," Dr. Grey sadly said. He smiled when I obliged him, hating myself for the very effort. My misunderstanding was increased as I hovered over this unfortunate woman's opened soul, finding nothing of interest in the air around her save the sour smell of preserving vinegars.
"Surely, you can detect it, it is so overpowering," Dr. Grey said, eyeing me with surgical suspicion, as though I were set to tell him he was mad. Which, in many ways he was, but this is more an issue for those studying neorulogy than those such as myself, who were simply earning a morbid living.
"She is full of poison!" he exclaimed.
"Poison," I said. I shook my head, giving up on the matter. "I'm sorry, I smell nothing."
"Ja! But it is so plain! A standard case of poisoning if ever I have seen. Amazing to see what it does to the human body, even after death!" He growled inwardly, his surgeon's hands still lined with gore though he had washed them quickly in the brass bowl beside the slab. "I know the proper stench of putrefication and there is none of this upon this sad soul. It is unfortunate you cannot smell it, but this is not as strange as first appears. I have worked so intimately with the dead I have long known their nuances, ja, it is a specialty I have cultivated. I had thought you, with your exposure to your craft would also have this skill, but it seems your olfactory senses refuse to recognize it. A dangerous proposition for you, my friend."
"I imagine it is only dangerous if someone deems to poison me," I reminded him. "As it stands, I don't make that variety of enemy."
"Ach, this is a problem. Ja, a problem. For this poor young thing was stolen from life, not from her death. She is full of poison and I cannot thus feed her to my flock. Ja, this is a problem."
"I don't understand," I said, frowning. "If she is poisoned, I have seen no headline concerning her to that effect. You are telling me, Dr. Grey, that this woman has been murdered, and the murderer has avoided capture for his cruel deeds. A most disturbing business to be sure."
"Ja," Dr. Grey said, his dirty hands wiped on the already filthy butcher's apron he wore. "She will be hard to get rid of." He glanced out the open door of his cottage, toward the barn that wasn't far from it. Even here you could hear the squeal of pigs and their lazy arguments, their hunger sated by means I cannot possibly describe to anyone with any modicum of decency.
Dr. Grey insists there is no better disposal, since the acidic properties of a pig's gut are corrosive enough to dissolve the hard enamel of human teeth. I have never asked how he has come to know this. This rendering is a far more gruesome business than the one I perform, and it is a task wisely left to that man who says nothing, that blackly clad coachman whose face, perhaps out of utter shame or muffled evil, remained in shadow beneath the wide brim of his black velvet hat, his mouth and nose wedged deep beneath a matching black scarf. He edged his way into the lab and bundled up the bloody parcel in layers of stained muslin, his mood dark, his plans of equally murky substance.


CHAPTER THREE
After gaining my fee of six pounds, I left Dr. Grey in the company of his new friend and the perplexity of his old one. This accidental addition of murder did not sit well upon my conscience, but as it was not my immediate responsibility I did not bother dwelling too long upon it. If there was a reason for such a foul happening to befall her, it had been the rote for those around her to recognize it and as they had failed there was no recourse upon me to bring about justice. Her murderer walked free, and it was now the great Hereafter's responsibility to deal with, not mine own.
Thusly absolved, I made my way down the busy Commercial Street, which while cramped and dirty housed a great deal of those considered well-to-do, with the hungry hordes of London living at the esteemed homes' backsides. Amelia was already at the window, her profile lit up in gentle relief due to the candle at her side, her expression one of longing, deep thoughts that I hoped centred, at least in part, upon me. I composed myself as was fitting, ensuring there was no dust upon my person and that my appearance was prim and neat, with a gentle lingering scent of quality soap giving me the air of a man of impeccable hygiene, and not one prone to earning his riches through the resurrection of the dead. I bit on a cardamom seed to improve my breath, a trick learned during my brief time in India, and was nearly caught in the act by one of Mrs. Cox's exhausted maid servants, who as she opened the heavy black oak door gave me a curtsey that near toppled her pale frame.
"I'll announce you to Mum, sir," she said, her hands wringing.
"Dear Miss Boffin, you look quite peculiar," I said to her, feeling a genuine pang of worry. While it is true that Mrs. Lettuce Cox is not cruel to her servants and treats them monetarily fairly, she is an exacting, difficult woman who can create ill feeling in even the kindest of souls and sensitive young girls were especially at risk. Her worried fretting was interrupted by the arrival of Mrs. Brown, the uncrowned head of the household, her round body staunch and strong as she ushered the trembling girl back towards the kitchen. “She's no good for greeting guests, but she's a strong lass. I won't be losing her help thanks to her Highness's hellfire.” Mrs. Brown, despite or perhaps because of her critical interpretation of her mistress, was of that rare variety of servant who has such a supreme air of goodness about her that the vicar of the Cox's church had commended her for her bravery. He had gone so far as to say that men in the Crimean war had not suffered the same spiritual hardships she was forced to daily endure beneath the demanding fury of Mrs. Lettuce Cox. In truth, Vicar Dilby is also a good, patient, kind man, but his endurance was always fiercely tested when in the vicinity of Mrs. Cox, especially in regards to her strange version of charity, which involved giving amply to the church for its construction projects while criticizing that the poverty evident in London was perpetuated by those who were simply lazy and unrefined. In Mrs. Cox's estimation, not being born into a good family was a mortal sin by which the masses were clearly punished. The fact that her donations were used to build orphanages and a soup kitchen for these lackadaisical souls who were dropping like stones into the Thames was a well guarded secret by those in the parish. I could hear soft weeping echoing back to the front foyer, the new maid rattled to her core. “I do hope everything is well,” I cautiously enquired.
"She will be all right, by the by," Mrs. Brown replied, her cheeks a rosy choler. "Mrs. Cox is in an awful state. The worst I ever seen her."
With this dire warning I ushered myself in, closing the door behind me and wondering what catastrophic event had transpired to leave the atmosphere within the home so shattered and tense. From the corner of my eye I could see Amelia's tentative approach, her throat pale, and her eyes downcast, but it was her bustling aunt and guardian Mrs. Cox who barrelled down upon me first, her spherical body rustling with layer upon layer of black crepe skirts. "I should think it's about time!" she admonished me, and I could not help but lean back from the pudgy point of her index finger at my chest. "A fine man you are to get a hold of in a calamity!"
"In truth, my dear Mrs. Cox, I don't know of what you speak." I turned to Amelia, hoping for some respite from this unfair admonishment, but she was allied with her aunt, her expression ashen and pale and she turned away from me and made her way with her head hung low into the drawing room. I followed her, the incessant chatter of her aunt behind us throwing vowels and nouns at me with furious vexation.
"It's a real shame, it is. Oh, the pity of it!" She wrung her black gloved hands and barked an order at Mrs. Brown, who was as bleached in her unspoken anger as the sharply folded linens she held stacked in her grip. "Mrs. Brown! Mrs. Brown, do listen to me, girl!" This 'girl' was well into her fifties and I dare say not of the sort who had ever had a childhood. Mrs. Brown paused at the foot of the stairs, her burden heavy in her grasp, but as usual Mrs. Cox took no heed to the demands upon her most faithful and ill-served servant. "Go and fetch the paper for Mr. Endswell at once! No, no, silly girl, put those linens away first, you'll taint them with ink.”
“If you are referring to the quill and ink at the side desk, it's a full ten feet away. Or do you believe me to magically dip every corner into the bottle?”
“Mrs. Brown, your insolence will not be tolerated!” Mrs. Cox exclaimed.
Mrs. Brown was unmoved. “You gone through four new girls already. If I were you I'd start bringing some more of that charitable nature you're so common for to the surface. Or has it been right buried, somewhere in this pile of linens?”
“Common! What a thing to say! You are in a strange humour, Mrs. Brown, a strange humour indeed! Oh, now, what are you doing, lolling about on the stairs so—This is no time for a petty argument, move it quickly, girl, can you not see that Mr. Endswell is a gentleman and thus a man who does not have time to waste? Tch, these girls! Not a lick of the common sense in a one of them!"
Actually, most gentlemen had ample time to waste, save for those who ran private enterprises such as myself, but it was pointless to remind Mrs. Cox of this, for she was of the staunch Lutheran view that no moment in one's life should pass by without a great deal of fuss and bother, more of the former, and a considerable heap of the latter. Before I could protest her involvement of me in the blithe abuse of her servant, she had shoved me into an uncomfortable chair by the sitting room fire, its ashes dull and grey, an unpleasant wind whistling through the chimney as it was used to such a journey. She wasn't fond of waste, Mrs. Cox, and burning a fire on a chilly day when wearing an extra shawl would do was an uncalled for extravagance. I shifted in the uncomfortable chair, hearing its spindly legs creak under my slight weight. A child would have difficulty finding an even spot to cling to.
I was thus situated in a wobbly state, with the bustling crepe wall of black that was Mrs. Cox hovering before me in godlike disdain. Should lightning strikes have suddenly erupted from her eyes, I would not have uttered one word of surprise nor terror, for such things from an agitated Mrs. Cox were to be expected.
"There has been a death," she said, in grave solemnity. She fixed her eyes on me as though it were I who had done the poor soul wrong. "Constance Gowain. You know her, of course."
I assured the good woman that no, I did not.
"Fuss and bother, I don't know why you harken this door when you have no interest in our family affairs!" she unfairly admonished me, for I had made ample notes on her lineage and Amelia's connections and the health of both their wealth.
"She is our fair Amelia's cousin. They have known each other as close as sisters since the day they were born! The poor creature, she is beside herself with grief over the whole thing. A sudden departure like this, it's nigh on criminal." Mrs. Cox pulled out a lacy black handkerchief and fanned herself with it in sublime sorrow, like a posed mourning photograph. "They've gone and done a terrible thing, Mr. Endswell. A most terrible grievance that will haunt the Cox family for decades to come! A crime, Mr. Endswell, has been most awfully committed!"
"Dear me," I replied, feeling uncomfortable with the knowledge that the threat of murder had left its idle resting place and visited those within this house and beyond. Constance Gowain was at this moment being disposed of by some secret means on the property of one Dr. Faust Grey, an issue that left a cold grip upon my heart. I felt a layer of sweat hurt my brow, for surely the police would like to have a look at the body, would prefer to put it under the coroner's knife to take account of the how, what, where and when of it. Which, unfortunately, was now impossible since I was sure there was no body to investigate, leaving me in a very wooden state of affairs in regards to my innocence on the matter.
"There shall be no record of her!" Mrs. Cox wailed.
I frowned, and shifted in my wobbling seat, nearly falling over into the fire. A quick snatch upon the cold iron grate before it saved me. "How do you reason this?" My hand was tainted black with rust from the iron, and I hid my palm from view, knowing that even this small action would be a note against me in the obsessively ordered mind of Mrs. Cox.
But she was so busy with her wrath that the rust on my hands was instantly forgotten. "It is a terrible thing, to be slighted at every turn! I had only asked for some patience, since I had just hired the photographer a day ago. He is an excellent example of his profession, and it was no simple feat to arrange this appointment as he is very busy. Everyone on this street seems to have some gathering or other that deserves his precious film, and with a rude omission of the dire situation he placed her last on his list, and our dear Constance was denied his attendance. Still, perhaps I am being unfair to our professional lithographer, for surely Constance could have waited until noon today to find her peace?"
That Mrs. Cox was admonishing her dead niece for not waiting to die until she was photographed was a silly point to me. After all, there were plenty in the business who performed the art of memento mori, the photographer she had hired no doubt had plenty of experience in that area and had opted to wait until the official expiration of poor Constance before performing his duty. It was a true art, arranging the dead as though they were alive for the benefit of placing their likeness into eternity. I told her such as this, but she shooed the matter away with an impatient sweep of her black kerchief.
"I will have no picture of death in this house!" she stoutly intoned. "Rather, to have her in the blush of life, her heart still beating with all the vigour of health." She held her black kerchief at her heart and sighed over the photograph of her husband and his half smile at what was waiting and what he was thankful to leave behind. "She was an attractive girl, despite her wanton behaviour. And as she was part of our family, it is a terrible thing for that healthy beauty to be absent in our records."
"But Constance would have been dying at the time," I reminded her. "Not exactly a moment when a woman looks their best."
Mrs. Cox tutted at my seemingly unkind observation. "It was most selfish of her to be so impatient," she complained. She shouted, her black kerchief dribbling lace at her side. "Miss Boffin! You have not yet fetched that paper! Honestly, girl, are you so dim? And there is the door! Oh, answer it, you foolish, foolish girl!"
Completely at her end, Mrs. Brown halted the timid Miss Boffin from arriving at her post, and both turned away from Mrs. Cox, Mrs. Brown angry and Miss Boffin reluctant as they headed for the kitchens, a place where Mrs. Brown she knew her mistress wouldn't dare pursue her. Much as she verbally abused all in her company, she dare not tempt her cook, Mrs. Waxworth, into an argument, and so she allowed these servents their tiny shred of peace and answered the door herself. Her voice was sickly sweet as she received her guests, her answering of the door explained away with a false mixture of charity and disdain. "Oh, how good to see you, after all this time! Yes, you were here just this Wednesday, but a day without you is a day lacking sunshine. I've had to relieve my poor servant, she is not well, not well at all. Wrought over with grief over poor Constance, my niece. She has left me in quite a state, she has, leaving me all alone to deal with guests, but what can one do when sorrow overtakes you?"
I was relieved, in many ways, of her odious company. Sweet Amelia, who had been so quiet as to be forgotten, crept close to me, her face pale and wan. I took her hand, and forced my warmth into its icy heart. "I am sorry to hear of your sister," I said.
"She wasn't my sister," Amelia said. She yawned, and pulled her hand from mine to cover her ennui. "I hadn't seen her in years. I hear she was thin, and prone to rattled breathing." She sighed, as though this troubled her greatly. "A shame, really. She might have been a pretty addition to our table otherwise."
"So you were not close?" I ventured.
"Not at all. Auntie never took a shine to her. Any woman who takes it upon herself to learn a trade, I mean really." She looked furtively over her shoulder, and brought me into her shy confidence. "There is a rumour she was into photography. A woman of her age, all set to marry, doing such a thing for a hobby. A shame. And that horrible, rattling breathing. Oh, I couldn't bear to hear it!" She wrung her cold hands together, hands that never understood warmth.
"Poor Constance, so pretty and young. How much better her life could have been without that rattling noise at her bosom."
Yes, I thought, how much better her life.
And how much better her death, too.


CHAPTER FOUR
I am an astute man, and being one means that I take opportunities when they present themselves to me, and this particular gem proved to put me in very good graces with Mrs. Lettuce Cox. This is presuming, of course, that I could indeed pull it off. Constance Gowain, vexing in her selfish need to die before a photographer could immortalize her, must find other avenues to find infamy among her ancestors, and the sensational proof of her murder would be fantastically attention seeking of her. There were plenty of penny dreadfuls that would pay ample amounts for the retelling of her gruesome tale, not to mention the scores of plays and heartfelt sympathies such a scandal could entangle around the Cox clan. Such a revelation would cause both chaos and excitement, entirely of the sordid variety that Mrs. Cox would decry and secretly relish, all the while plunging Amelia into the midst of it. I could swoop in, then, a black winged hawk who is both her confidante and admirer, keeping the hounds of the public and press at bay. My diatribes against the injustices of this world would be legendary, for nothing would please me more than to have the hangman's noose suitably knotted around the throat of the evil doer who had so cruelly plunged Amelia into this morbid state of affairs. A heroic show of good feeling for the Cox clan, on my part, would be dutifully recognised—Not to mention ensure my complete lack of involvement. Should the body be disinterred and found to be missing, then the wide press that had been presented would cover this strange disappearance, for surely it would the murderer who had dug her up and disposed of her, fearing the proof that lay within her bones. My cries for justice would absolve all suspicion of me, and perhaps instead one of the vile remnants of the Borough gang.
Gaining Amelia's hand in marriage on the bloody death of a murderer was strangely congruent with my own fortune. Though this caused a bizarre sense of unease within me, I decided to not to dwell too long upon my complex plans for the rest of the evening.
I was thinking this as I unearthed something. Or rather, someone--Another fresh young thing destined for Dr. Grey's dissection knife. This time the body was entombed above ground in a family mausoleum which made my work all the more easier, the key unearthed with a few shuffles of my heel on the prescribed spot indicated by the cemetery groundskeeper. He was to obtain two pounds for my troubles, a cut of the profits, but no matter. Such an easy corpse was not often come by, and I appreciated his giving nature.
I rested my wooden shovel against the wall of the marble tomb, its innards smelling of those strange vinegars that so permeated Dr. Grey's cottage laboratory. Mingled with this was the earthy scent of moss, which grew in abundance over the various caskets laid out within this family monument. Vines, not heeding the privacy of those with their final beds, had pushed apart the lids of the coffins to creep into the horrible sustenance within. How true it is that we return to the earth, and how amply the ground beneath our feet overtakes us at first opportunity! It is a sobering understanding, and one I heeded well. So the earth gains her means, as do I.
I approached the newest coffin, a shining cherry mahogany that was comprised of quality cedar and intricate brass design on its bars, hinges and handles. A quality lady, to be sure, and one which forced me to entertain caution as I heaved the dowel of the shovel against my shoulder and pried off the cover from this intricate deathbed. Such precious cargo moving along the river Hades would be well protected by remaining family, and I stood back as the lid sprung open, certain that a trap had been laid. There were rumours circulating that wealthy patrons had conceived of a spring-loaded pistol that would shoot in the throat any nefarious gravedigger keen on harvesting a corpse. There was also the case of a smoky poison exuding from the coffin which once breathed in lined the lungs with grit and paralysed the body. As I was not one willing to take such risks, I made the wise decision to step back, and fiercely hold a kerchief over my nose and lips to ensure no unnecessary complications.
As it was, there were none. The young woman lay in repose, a collection of flowers gently arranged in her grip. A troublesome addition by its own right, since I would have to snap a few of her fingers to get them out of the way. She wore no jewelry, but her dress was of a fine white silk brocade with an intricate lace overlay, the sign of a woman who had left this plane to be the bride of Heaven. She was slight, and lovely, with cascading curls of long, brown hair that fell past her shoulders, her face a serene expression of rest. She did not care, it seemed, and in her permanent state of dreaming her calm attitude suggested to my empathetic heart that she was granting me permission. That all was well, and should I be so kind as to make sure her coffin was closed when she was thusly disinterred?
I thought on Constance Gowain as I wrapped this new feminine corpse in a burlap bag for the purpose, wondering if this unknown had been fortunate enough to gain a photograph before or after her death. The slight body layered in muslin was fairly young, no more than one and twenty years in age, with skin that still held the faint blush of pink life upon it--a strange sensation to be sure. Dr. Grey would be happy to receive one so youthful and fresh, wherein he could gain some good pickles of her innards, the large jars that lined his walls filled with all manner of alien peach tinted shapes. I hauled her over my shoulder and quickly made my leave, ensuring that all was as undisturbed as when I had arrived. I would place her into the elongated tea box I used for the exact purpose of transport, and due to her light weight was able to do so easily as I approached the to the coachman waiting at the side of the path, his stoic silence as always a hint of the Grim Reaper he truly was.
With her safely tucked into a tea crate within the carriage, and myself a passenger with her, I thought on what Amelia had said about her cousin and the unfortunate rattle in her breast. Death had long lingered about her, so perhaps the good doctor was wrong in his assessment, and she wasn't poisoned so much as taking a home remedy for her long standing illness that did more harm than good. It was not unheard of to see women and men of all ages fall under the spell of opiates, the flim-flam men of the Americas making a dangerous living as they pushed their cruel wares on British soil. Poison, Dr. Grey had said. Any number of tinctures could be conjured in one's mind with that simple word. It is a terrible way to expire, replete with seizures and harrowing fevers that leave the victim possessed. Such a miserable method of beggaring, the peddlers of these wares should hang!
And yet she showed no such immediate symptom. I paused as I steadied Dr. Grey's latest guest, the tea crate shifting within the carriage, a chill of the grave coursing through my still living bones. In fact, the only clue to her ill health came from my dear Amelia, who was put off by the rattling cough that was a persistent complaint of Constance, an ailment that could easily be dismissed as that drowning malady that has taken so many of our fair population. The ravages of consumption are well known, and considering how quickly that evil can spread, my Amelia was wise to be wary of her cousin's proximity.
Still, it was strange that her illness was so gradual, and I had to wonder how long this process had lasted until the poison finally did it ghastly work as it floated through the confines of her veins. The evil of someone watching the slow process of death, prolonged and suffering, astounds me.
I hit the side of the carriage, indicating I was ready to leave. I sat on the top of the tea crate, securing our fresh faced guest within it, my heart chilled not by death, which is natural and right, but by the acceleration that some as yet unknown demon had wrought.
~*~
Dr. Grey pursed his brow, his tiny black eyes digging into the very secrets of the young woman's heart, her chest flayed open, her ribs jutting out not unlike an opened fan. I had to wonder if she was a neat person in life, for even her corpse exuded this strange neatness of self, her organs tidy and clean, her skin still holding onto its pink hue, her jaw not slack but rigidly shut, as though it had been sewn together.
Dr. Grey slammed her thigh with his scalpel in uncharacteristic frustration, the tip entering the yielding flesh in the manner of a butter knife into soft cheese. "We are being played with, my friend!" he near shouted to me. He bid me to come close and I obliged. "There, smell it. It assails us again with its pungency."
"I assure you, I smell nothing," I reminded him.
"Bah!" he said, impatient with me. He washed his hands in the murky water in the copper bowl resting on his side table, rattling a jar of pickled ears with his elbow as he did so. "Ach I hate to admit it, but this is the nature of discovery. If your nose was working as it should, and it is so unfortunately not, you would sense that beneath the lingering vinegar of corpse preservatives is that ugly, familiar scent. Poison! Foul poison!"
"Are you suggesting this one was murdered as well?" I asked, aghast. The young woman in her quiet repose was stubbornly unconcerned about the matter, her chest splayed open, her lips still clinging to that partial smile without a care for her demise or the events that had so viciously conspired it. I wanted to shake her awake, to demand she tell me how such a terrible thing could have happened once again, and who gave her that foul elixir that brought about ruin not only for herself, but for Constance Gowain and in some oblique fashion my easy position in the Cox household.
"Ja, ja, a real trouble for me. Ja, ja." He shook his bloodied finger at me, and I had to dodge the dislodged red droplets.
"I can't get rid of her easy. Ach, a bother I have no time for." He draped the sheet of muslin over her as though unwilling for her to hear him, and pushed his small round glasses further up his nose, his tiny black eyes dwarfed beneath the circles of glass. "They must find who is doing this, ja? They must bring him to justice. Because, my friend, if they don't, you and I, we are out of our jobs." He handed me a five pound note, much less than she should have gained me. I had earned a meagre profit of three pounds for my efforts. "We cannot have murderers poisoning corpses I can't get rid of when I am done. No more until this monster passes."
I was incredulous at this. My expenses were high and there was no possible manner in which I could survive for long without his good income. I gave an imploring look to the young woman on the slab, but she had no opinion on the matter of her murder and was passive concerning the uses of her death. "Dr. Grey," I protested. "You may live well and good without the dead, but on my word as a gentleman, you are leaving me adrift."
"Ach, I am sorry, but such as it is," Dr. Grey stubbornly replied. He fixed his beady black eyes on me. His face held a gory streak of blood seeping from his temple to his chin. I wiped my own chin, in hopes he would reflect the action. He didn't. "So long as he keeps up his work, so we cannot do ours, and so you do not get paid. We must wait until he is finished this ugly business." He patted my shoulder in sympathy and I wanted to shrink from his touch. "Have patience. These monsters get tired. They move on."
The coldness with which he conveyed this sentiment was painfully in keeping with his equally analytical temperament, an issue which I had long suffered under his tutelage in college. Those who are less enlightened by the workings of the mind would assume Dr. Grey possessed a callous sort of madness, but I knew him to be both intelligent and shrewd, his compassion solely for the living and not at all worthy of the dead. To me, this seemed a grave imbalance, but I said nothing. If there was a monster among us, I had to agree with his assumption. The crimes would eventually diminish as the creature found his karmic retribution.
Constance Gowain's face hovered in forefront of my mind, and I shuddered at her intrusion. Inaction was unkind, true, but what choice was afforded us? I tipped my hat to Dr. Grey and made my way out into the early morning mist, its cloying fingers strapped tight around my ankles. As above, so below, it is said at the pulpit. So as we mangle the dead, some among us mangle the living.



CHAPTER FIVE
Dr. Grey's announcement hit me harder in the purse than I had expected, and I left his cottage a man with the horrific shadow of the poorhouse hanging above him in all the dark glory of an executioner's noose. He should have known I was not keen to give up such a good source of income, and as such perhaps I was no better than those worms lolling about behind the tombstones, their shovels soft and quiet against the earth, their speech low and riddled with curses. I tapped my cane on the ground before me, ignoring the hissing, whispered confidences of the gravediggers as they turned the earth, rheumy eyes glaring at me from the rims of open graves. I suppose a few among their number were wondering if it would be easy to do a man in who was alone and seemingly lost in a graveyard. Surely my own corpse would fetch these rats a good price, its health sound, my muscles well defined by the occasional hauling of dead weights.
But I do believe that once you have spent a considerable amount of company among the dead you are influenced by them in ways that are wholly supernatural in origin. The men of decay who turned the earth gradually understood me to be one of their own clan, the sound of shovels digging and harsh whispers over burlap bags laid over the top of coffins drifting toward me, merely curious of my midnight wandering. My day had been spent with the usual social engagements, but I was distracted from them, my mind constantly sliding back to the cold, soft earth and her barely concealed treasures. The dead are my true company, a realization that brought a burden of uneasy truth into my breast. Amelia would be repulsed, Mrs. Cox would have me exorcised at the slightest whim, all manner of peers and seemingly good friends in the light of day would recoil in horror should they know my proximity to the ethereal. Though the crime was not a full felony, it was a hanging enough for a man such as myself. I was careful to keep the brim of my hat low on my brow, for it is true that no real gentleman would be out at such an hour, his feet overturning the earth of those who longed for sleep as much as their living relatives. These who lay beneath the soles of my shoes are my true friends. They are steadfast and patient and free of judgement in their repose. We should all aim to be so at peace.
I paused before a single tombstone, its appearance not gaudy or proud, but painstakingly stark in a manner that suggested great levels of self control had been placed in its formation. No flowering hearts or vines adorned this marker, no flourish of scripture or lingering words of hope. Constance Gowain was born 1850 and died 1871. Twenty and one years old. Her youth spoke all for the grieving family that wept behind that age, a beloved duo too busy mourning to adorn their daughter's death in wreaths and flowers.
Still, at the simple candle lit before her marker, there was a piece of parchment, and I picked it up, reading the words written upon it with care. "Too soon, too soon my daughter" it read, the script shakily outlined, signifying it was written in an inexpert hand. A familiar chill crept into my bones as the mist curled along the surface of my tongue as I took a deep breath. I winced, for it tasted of the Thames, foul and poisonous. The small plea of woe hurt me deeply, and I folded the note in half as I regarded Constance Gowain's simple stone. Naked grief is an ugly, powerful thing. I placed the parchment back as I had found it, and made my way out of my favourite haunt, the curses of those who play with the dead following me out the main gate.
~*~
My home is a simple one, a one room flat that consists of a bed, a desk and a chair, and several volumes within which I have written copious details of my precious Amelia and her aunt, Mrs. Lettuce Cox. An entire section of one volume outlines the various connections and personages who move in their upper middle class circles with additional side notes for those whom they themselves associate with. They are listed in order of importance as opposed to alphabetical, a methodology which keeps my engagements properly attuned to the whims of the critical Mrs. Cox. For instance, Mr. Edgar Cartwright was moved from the fore of the list to the back when it was revealed over a cup of tepid tea that he believed there were areas of London stricken by the most foul evidence of poverty imaginable. Thus Mrs. Cox, in much the same manner as one does not believe in spooks or bogeys, likewise does not believe in The Poor, had made it a point to keep Mr. Cartwright on the periphery of her invitations from that moment on.
Most people do not possess this degree of tenacity in keeping track of their social engagements, and in truth I'm not sure how they manage to weave their way through their daily interactions without such a ledger. Either most people are very dull and don't take any interest at all in those they profess to love, the various cards collected in their pockets as mere trinkets, no name remembered save if a servant announces them, and thus they can cry "Oh! Mr. Endswell! How good to see you after such a long absence!" --or they are content to be ignorant of the ease with which one can fall off the social ladder and all of its subsequent riches. Certainly, the younger generation, of which I am a part, has conceived of a certain lassitude in observance to household customs, but in my view they do so at their peril. Insisting upon the ability to make one's own fortune despite family standing is a risky business in any venture, but there are increasing amounts of such gentlemen in our number. I blame the Americas. Still such a lawless and ungoverned place, willful in its pursuit of riches that are wasted on scoundrels and murderers. No, let me stay on civilized soil, where people know how to properly be miserable to one another, even as they smile and pretend to be so caring and attentive.
In my own experience, it has been important when elevating one's status when it is well below those around you to show an air of aloof knowledge, refusing to acknowledge your target as they are announced by a harried a servant and taking pains throughout dinner to carefully ignore them. Once this seeming rebuff has stewed for a while, it is only when the person of interest believes you to be wholly disinterested in their company that you approach and converse bluntly upon subjects of business they are partaking in and how you yourself have your own interests in the matter. Thus, there is a lingering special quality about the exchange that remains, the heart of the receiver warmed by this formerly unknown kindred, and a true friendship is believed to have been forged.
Research has done me well in getting my reputation up to par with Mrs. Cox's standards, which are exceedingly high, as is the dower with which Amelia stands to inherit. She has a new friend, I noted, one which she has mentioned a couple of times who appears to have some association with Italian royalty. I shall have to press her for more information on that matter. However, much as my mind wanted to drift to that particular scheming, my selfish needs were forced aside as I poured through my notes to find more information on the late, unfortunate Constance Gowain, first cousin and not-sonear relation of my precious jewel, Amelia.
There was little to say on her. She stood to gain a reasonable fortune, but not one of outstanding means, and she was of that variety of the female sex that one would deign, politely, to call 'adventurous'. She was apparently skilled with the camera, and enjoyed the not very wholesome enterprise of spirit photography, a ruse which I knew garnered her both criticism and attention from the men who courted her. From the undercurrent of displeasure I had felt from Mrs. Cox it was clear the spirited girl was not encouraged in this regard, for Mrs. Cox is a suspicious soul who continues to drape her mirrors in black muslin and abhors all talk of the hereafter as 'unbecoming'. I imagine, with her chosen hobby, Constance Gowain was an ugly duckling indeed to her aunt, though considering how she spent her days, perhaps it was a method by which she'd managed to successfully remove herself from her aunt's judgemental company.
There is evidence, however, that she had some romantic interests in a young solicitor by the name of Edgar Cartwright, a name with which I was becoming fast familiar with. I was present when Mrs. Cox complained of Mr. Cartwright's miserable demeanour and how he had set such a damper upon the mood of the tea party he was to never be invited to one again. I can't see him being upset about the ostracizing, the lack of the esteemed Mrs. Lettuce Cox's company being a plus rather than a minus in my own estimation. Still, I cannot judge the old girl too harshly, for I imagine learning there are people starving on your doorstep does tend to ruin a frivolous party's mood. Reality is always an unwelcome guest in Mrs. Cox's view. I checked over my copious ledger notes and found Cartwright near the end of the third volume, his name written small and insignificant in the margin of the second last page. As I said earlier, I had met him at a gathering at the botanical gardens back in May, and I described him thusly: "A sour faced individual, with quick darting eyes and a harsh demeanour. He has been working with a man named Mayhew on the apparent dispora between the various streets and neighbourhoods of London. Educated man, but far too opinionated in regards to the lower classes. Seems to have shades of the Revolution about him, a most unhealthy sheen when standing in the dark light of Mrs. Cox." I looked up my notes for that particular garden party which I had annotated to at the end of Cartwright's description, and was interested to see that Constance Gowain was likewise in attendance, her father proudly displaying her spirit photographs as though they were works of priceless high art.
Though I don't remember how I had wrangled it, a small photo had been given to me as an example, and I had pasted it into my notebook, the sepia tones warm and inviting. There was an image of a young woman of unknown gypsy extraction seated at an oak table, her head rolled back, her eyes closed in a sort of hazy swoon. Above her, the faces of three people hovered with mixed expressions of joy and concern. A young boy, grinning widely. An elderly man with a crooked, toothless smile. A woman, looking pensive and worried, the only odd one in the trio. They hovered above the woman who had conjured them, their faces in a smoky halo that curled and twisted, its fingers touching on the shoulders of their medium. I had to concede that Constance's father was correct in saying this was an example of art. To create such a photograph took incredible skill on her part since artfully engineered double exposure of film was no simple task. The people surrounding the supposed medium in their centre had the appearance of the healthy living to them, and it was this coupled with my own knowledge of the fraudulent means by which these photographs were taken that I knew they were not of the dead. The dead are quiet, serene and giving in ways this parlour trick could never understand. There is a deeper understanding lurking in that unknown entity known as the soul, and it has no time for such vanity.
A murderer had taken her out, and I had to wonder if it was due to this phenomenon. Perhaps a customer did not like her artistic representation of his grief and thus snuffed out her own mortality. However, this offered no explanation of how the other woman had suffered the same fate, or why.
Constance Gowain and her companion were a costly puzzle. I decided it would be prudent to pay my respects to the Gowain family, and perhaps have a respectable glass or two of ale with Edgar Cartwright out of deference to his loss.



CHAPTER SIX
There are far less pleasant ways to spend one's afternoon than in a coffee house on Bromley Street near the East London Cemetery. Not the most engaging of places, I must admit, being as it was in a fairly lower class neighbourhood, but since I was not a man who had the means at present to waste his farthings on more expensive cups of coffee, I was content to spend my time among the lesser unfortunate beings who haggled for alms near the doorway. They were a collection of scabby children and frail elderly dwarves, their hungry expressions more suited for curs, their hair equally mangy and matted. On occasion the elderly spinster who owned the establishment would chase the hungry urchins away from the doorstep of the coffee house with her broom, but in the manner of well fed pigeons they returned, usually with yet another of their starving number.
For all its clear poverty, however, this particular establishment had a wide variety of classes enjoying the time spent within it, from grizzled elderly ladies who cupped their tea around gnarled hands, to chattering young women decked richly in chaste wool and lace. I had spent the better part of an hour with the London Post spread before me, my eyes scouring her articles with a hungry hawk's attentiveness. The occasional headline did draw me in, but I was quick to dismiss them as I hunted for the usual hidden meanings within the text. 
There was much to be learned in the idle social gossip that fattened these pages and made much waste of ink. The blush of youth describing a young entrepreneur on the third page suggested an encroaching fever. There on page four was the joy over a recent recovery of a socialite's cousin from the precipice of consumption--Such miraculous cures never last long. When the disease returns, as it will within the month, it's unscrupulously vicious and quick. And there, a blurry photograph of a man well respected in the House Of Lords, his face lean, the skin leathery, a forced smile between the folds of chronic pain. He was thin enough to appear malnourished, and his eyes had the vacant look of a man who had already entertained that Dark Visitor that promises the long suffering rest. With a keen understanding that often surprised and mortified me, I knew this man had Death's clutch upon him, and would not last longer than two days.
I scribbled down the particulars of his person, only to secret my note away when Edgar Cartwright approached my table and joined me. He held his pocketwatch aloft, as though timing our conversation. "Mr. Endswell," he said, his voice retaining a strange note of suspicion within it. He fingered the note card which I had delivered to him by way of one of Mrs. Cox's servant that morning. There was a slight tremor in his hands that increased with his scrutiny. At last, he pocketed his watch and turned his attention to me. "Thank you for kindness during our time of mourning. Though, to be honest, I am not so sure I can place you."
"We met once, at a garden party hosted by Mrs. Cox," I quickly explained. I bid him to have a seat, and he complied, his composure pale but not, unfortunately, due to any physical ailment. He seemed genuinely stricken by the loss of his fiance, and though it was vile of me, I know, I had to wonder at the statistical possibility of his suicide over her. Despite his pallor, he was a healthy specimen, one which, if he didn't damage his bodily wares too badly, could fetch me a premium price of eight pounds. I shook my head clear of the unwholesome thought, and with perhaps more cheer than I should have offered I gestured warmly to the hostess to bring us two fresh cups of coffee. "Constance had a gift for photography, as I recall."
"Yes," Cartwright said, still with that cautious tone. "She had a great many talents."
There was an unpleasant cryptic quality with which he said this, and I frowned as I looked upon his pale features, searching for any measure of understanding of what I truly did for my daily survival. Confident that it was still grief I was witnessing, I tucked the London Times neatly beside me in my seat and bid him a lump of sugar for his steaming black coffee. His outburst suggested Constance had some sort of unsavoury undercurrent to her that had not yet been revealed. I've learned in my travails how to wrangle unspoken hints into fully expanded upon confidence, and I gave Mr. Cartwright a seemingly innocent shrug as I leaned closer, suggesting I am a man whom nothing can surprise. "Women can be unpredictable," I offered.
He looked up at me with imploring, limpid eyes, the gaze of a man stricken by more than just grief, though what the emotion was still remained hidden beneath his thick, suspicious veil. "I adored her," he said, the confessor coming to the fore already. How easily, with a kind nod, do people give up their secrets! "But Constance, she could be...difficult." I leaned back, my face etched in concern at his predicament. A few more raised lilts of my brow, a deeply concentrated posture, and Cartwright was about to give it all up to this stranger, this man who only knew him on a superficial level and thus couldn't properly socially harm him. At least, this would have been the case had the London Post not been suddenly ripped from its place at my side by a brash young woman with striking features and auburn hair arranged in a soft pile on top of her head. Tight curls thickly framed her face, which was fox-like and frowning in deep displeasure. "I should think you've studied this long enough!" she snapped at me, the Post folded thrice in her tight, thin grip. "There is a twenty minute time limit to its perusal, and you've gone well past it!"
Cartwright's suspicious veil was back. Curse her, the cretin had ruined my confessional! Getting information out of him now would be a plodding, painful business, one which I didn't have time for. The Cox household was expecting me for dinner, and I had yet to brush my suit and polish my boots in time for it. My mind wandered to my scarf, and I had a sick feeling in my stomach over the fact I still had to wash and starch it. The landlady charged a halfpence for such services and at present I simply couldn't afford her.
"By all means, enjoy it," I huffed at her, dismissing her with a genteel wave of my hand. I did my best to exude a patience that I most certainly didn't feel. "Though what you may glean of it, I cannot imagine."
The ignorance of her was obvious, for she was a simple maid, by her mannerisms. A servant girl or some lowered shopkeeper's daughter who had forgotten her station among gentlemen. She was not finished with me, if her flashing green eyes, and pointing, sharp finger were any indication.
"You're no gentleman," she sneered at me, finger cruelly wagging, forcing me to lean away from it. "Reading the paper as provided for those what can't afford it--That's a real lack of charity, that is. And what's more, you insult me when I call you on it! As if I can't learn, as if I'm some illiterate charnel wife. I'll give you this--You can read all you like of a paper you bring in yourself, since you well can afford it, and I shall read it exact as you are on this one and then, if you are so inclined to believe me simple, you can harangue me with your ignorance over who is stepping out with who--Oh yes, I know what pages you scour, you gossip hound! Ask me of the parliament, of law and of discovery and I'll answer. But none from you, who lingers in sitting rooms and alehouses and wastes good knowledge on mindless tattling! Oh, you're an ignorant lout!"
With these words the mad creature stomped off, paper in hand, to a far corner of the coffee house, where she was properly draped in shadows, and everyone near her gave her a wide berth. The hostess of the establishment gave her a warning stare, but no consequence was demanded of her. My companion remained stock still across from me, his watch still out, as though he had timed the proceedings and was about to blow a whistle indicating his true role as referee.
"Unpredictability. An issue for the fairer sex no matter what class they are in," I astutely observed. I'd hoped to gain a chuckle from him at this, or at least some sage acknowledgement. Cartwright remained silent.
Instead, he calmly closed his watch and pocketed it away, his sombre mood made more so by the events that had just transpired. "Have you visited her?" he said, meaning his deceased beloved and not the insane witch that had descended upon us in a brief flare of fire. He was determined, it seemed, not to bring any attention to the incident, having already put it behind him as it happened, and I envied his ability to create such a complete emotional exile in the face of conflict.
"I visited her grave," I said, and pointedly declined to mention how she and I had such a personal acquaintance. Rather, I turned my condolences onto her beau, who remained stoic as stone, his back upright, his face chiselled in rigidity. Yes, he was definitely distraught and heartbroken, a man set to live the last few days of his life in self-pitying misery before he finished himself off with a gun or a noose.
He fidgeted and twitched in his seat, his hand ever searching the round comfort of his pocketwatch. “I should wonder,” I asked cautiously, “If I have disturbed some other meeting you have planned. If so, I apologize for this intrusion.”
“It's nothing,” he said, far too quickly, and then, as I took in his dark eyes, his thin, sickly form and his strange pallor, I knew how Edgar Cartwright would meet his end. He was showing all the signs of a man clinging to the siren song of the poppy.
Opiates. Another poison, one destined to take his life, a romantic source of inspiration that would pull him into the Thames before long. I hoped for his family's sake that he'd be found quickly—the stench of the Thames rivals that of any putrifying corpse. I may seem heartless in this, but I have seen countless examples and cases of such a one as this, a broken Romeo who can't suffer the loss of his Juliet, a woman who in life probably cared about as much for him as a carriage driver does his horses. A husband, or a wife, in my estimation are both means to an end. We endure one another's company and elaborate where we can, but the end result is not so much the heart as the pocket. It is an equal arrangement. 
I can understand mourning, for friendships and connections are naturally born of feeling, but I have no patience for those who dwell too long on the dead. Their numbers are too high for them to be lonely, and they have their repose and their peace. They do not demand anything of the living save a fleeting memory once in a while. I hid my impatience with the glassy sheen of his opium drenched gaze, and the slight snuffle that choked Cartwright's throat and offered him my most sympathetic guise--a raised brow and down-turned lip suggesting pity. "I understand you were set to marry."
At this his stone form began to crumble slightly, emerging as a gentle avalanche of twitching brow and working jaw.
"The week after next," he said. He pulled out his watch and opened it, the minutes calculated to the last of his defeat.
"On the Sunday."
"Constance was a woman of special calibre," I said, and was satisfied when Edgar Cartwright's shoulders began to shake, his avalanche coming full and strong as his stoic exterior rushed away from its summit, to tumble to the ragged rocks of his shattered soul below.
He placed his hand before his face, hiding the shame of his sorrow from me. "Oh, Constance. My constant Constance!"
I thoughtfully calculated the time he might allow himself to remain on this earthly plane, and wondered if he was waiting for that special day of union to make his earthly body a trusted companion of the soil. In any event, I knew for certain that Edgar Cartwright had not murdered Constance. He was decidedly self-repulsed, a man who would use any excuse to have a dramatic, dying breath, one measured by his timepiece as he pointed the gun to his temple, his mind a swirling mass of poisoned dreams.
"In truth she was," I gently assured him.
But at this he railed at me, his cold gaze suddenly spewing forth the lava depths that had hidden his passion deep within his craggy mountain. I am not often wrong when faced with the transparencies of emotions, but Cartwright had completely fleeced me, his suspicious nature, his unfortunate addiction, his keeping time and his grief all hiding what was, in essence, a miserable rage that was set to explode.
"Such lies! She was never my constant, no, she was my bane, my vexation, my thorn that scraped across my heart!" 
He sank his face into his hands, fury and sorrow mingling within him. A pitiable fellow. He would use a gun, I was sure of it now. A blast, a shot of fury, a hateful, desperate obliteration. 
"She was betrothed to me," he insisted, his glance at his watch attesting to the fact, his detonation happening soon. "But I long suspected--Nay, I knew--She entertained the attentions of another." 
Perhaps, I wondered. But those of his ilk do not travel in their addictions alone. With her artistic bent, Constance already had that hint against her. I should wonder what that rattle in her throat that had so disturbed Amelia truly was. An illness that bloomed in the throat, the remedy as much its cause as its cure.



CHAPTER SEVEN
The mood in the coffee house had changed for us, its happy bustle milling away from his periphery, the good mood of its patrons avoiding him in a wide arc that was the boundary of his miserable, infuriated halo. Perhaps I would see him later, on the date of his now permanently delayed wedding. Edgar Cartwright wasn't just a mourning amour, pining over the loss of his betrothed. He was a cuckholded fool, a creation of Constance Gowain, her finest portrait of psychic torment yet, for proud men such as Cartwright do not handle this sneaky method of rejection well. I half wondered if it would ease his suffering to know she had found herself beneath the blade of Dr. Grey, but of course refrained from revealing my true employ.
"She was seeing someone else?" I offered. Then, as my own suspicions grew, "I suppose this angered you."
"I didn't know until yesterday," he said, agitated. He wiped at his brow with the back of his hand, and when finished dove it into his waistcoat to take out his pocketwatch. "I found a letter addressed to him. It was a terrible blow, finding out the one you loved was not who you thought they were."
"Do you still have this letter?" I asked, trying to keep the hint of nosey hope out of my voice.
"Of course not," he snapped. "I burned it the second after I'd read it." He balanced his watch in his palm, fury smouldering in ever increasing volcanic bursts from within him. "I shall do myself in, oh I promise it!”
Somehow, with his constant watch checking as he measured out his own minutes left of his life before he ended it, I didn't believe that Cartwright truly understood what it meant to be dead. Death was final, a resolved permanence that was the final note of our throats as it uttered its last breath. Death was to be used as a focus for one's temper tantrums over perceived wrongs. Cartwright bid me good day as he finally got up from his seat, and I gave him a curt nod in response. I was tired of his selfish shortsightedness and longed to be free of his foul tempered company.
He did not recognize the slight, and he left the coffee house with practised calm, his watch a constant companion in his palm. Whoever he met to earn the medicine that ill-used his soul, it was towards the East End that he journeyed. I returned my own attentions back on my now tepid cup of coffee, the black muck within it barely fit to drink. However, I did pay for it, and for that matter, Cartwright's as well. He'd barely touched his, and with frugality as my guide I did not hesitate as I spilled the remaining contents of his cup into mine.
I remained thusly nursing this cup of borrowed coffee for some time, taking tiny sips even when it had gone from lukewarm to cold. My thoughts drifted, and for not the first time that hour I pondered the fate of Constance Gowain and her unfortunate demise, hurried along by several combinations of poisons. Such a cruel and unusual disease was murder, and to one who, to my unwitting discrepancy, was a woman of no small amount of interesting traits. Too late I longed to meet her acquaintance, my heart hungry for honest, intelligent discourse, her artistic leanings clearly tempered with acerbic wit. That her cousin, Amelia was lacking in these things did not deter me from my amorous intentions, but I did feel, despite my steadfast adoration, that Amelia was as a clear pool of water next to the rich decoration that was Constance's vice ridden depths. That she had provoked such passion from a man as dour and unfeeling as Edgar Cartwright spoke volumes of her influence. I had never met a woman of such extraordinary talents.
I finished the bland coffee, its stimulating effects still lingering upon my mind. I adjusted my hat as I stepped into the light of the street, my senses assailed by scents of baked potatoes roasted over an open coal fire, intermingled with the less savoury stench of horse manure. The streets were busy at this hour, with all manner of class bustling along, here a woman carrying rags, there a peddler of spoons and knives, and across the street a tailor, fixing a suit upon a dapper young man who could have been no more than ten years of age.
Beside this establishment was a lithographer's studio, his window replete with evidence of his skill in the form of wedding photos and unsmiling family portraits. The row of children displayed in his window took on a further sombre note when it was clear his specialty, despite his willingness to do happier themes, was memorializing the freshly dead. Babies in coffins and children draped by sad siblings adorned the centre of the window, their love for them tempered by the reality that there was no family in this city who didn't feel the biting sting that the loss of a child brought with it. 
In my own case, my brother was lost to us at the tender age of seven, the ravages of consumption eating away at him until his tiny body was too weakened to continue the fight. My mother was devastated since she had doted on him, the family favourite, a rivalry in my heart that always had the dark cloud of guilt weighing heavily upon it. I don't believe we had the opportunity to have his portrait taken at the time, and looking on the pale and strangely mottled unseeing eyes of the waxen creatures that lay propped in the lithographer's window, I was thankful for such a small mercy.
Thus, the concept of murder crept in ever more ugly shades upon my consciousness as I stood in front of the lithographer's window, the rare sunlight beating down on me in a mockery of cheer. The cobblestones echoed with the sounds of busy horse's hooves, the streets loud and boisterous with the intonations of news peddlers disturbing the din of conversation with the wares of the wicked. 
"Murder!" I heard the newsboy shouting, the London Post held out in pleading honorarium. "Most foul and terrible! Lock up your daughters! Poisoned lassies!"
Curious, I left my place in front of the busy coffee shop and walked to the young lad, my eyes skirting the bland headline regarding the poisoned water of the Thames in seeming interest. I had no money, of course, with which to waste on this rag, but as I have keen eyesight and an even keener mind, I was able to take in several details of recent deaths before the lad wisely folded the paper in half and fixed me with a knowing glare. 
Poison was such a common medium, but it was chiefly in the realm of those with a calculated sense of evil. Poison and its effects took time, and one wouldn't know the full impact of its effects. A small article about a drowned prostitute, dumped into the Thames and discovered by one of its destitute shore huggers had burned into my consciousness. I have become, as I have said, keenly aware of how and when people tend to die. The coroner's inquest had labelled the unfortunate creature's demise as poison, thanks to the autopsy, but how he had determined this I hadn't managed to learn. 
I have met the coroner several times, for his is also a surgeon, and has made no quibble concerning the necessity of finding specimens with which his students perfect their craft. However, the man was nowhere near the calibre of surgeon Dr. Grey, his eyes covered in cataracts and his senses dulled by his constant imbibing of 'medicine'--a medium flask perpetually filled to the brim with gin and flavoured slightly with lemon to keep the inspectors ignorant of his vice.
Dr. Faust Grey would find the whole affair interesting indeed. I would bring it to his attention, but his involvement in the matter of those more amply funded young women he had entertained in his cottage would put a nasty pall of suspicion upon him, one which while it aided the investigation would also seriously hamper my continued employment. Still, it was difficult to keep the knowledge I had to myself, for while I try to claim a ruthless nature that keeps my own interests as paramount, there are times when a collective, human guilt over those less fortunate gathers within me, and I couldn't help but feel a certain measure of pity for that poor creature who had fallen into the company of what was, by all news accounts, a very evil man of demonic influence. 
I'm not one to think too long on the events that happen after we transpire, not so much for my fear of judgement as the concept of a soul prevailing upon a separate plain where beings of unknowable circumstance cavort and maim. Should I be visited by one of my clients, as I call them, through a hazy meeting created at the stroke of midnight, the darkness outlining their pale faces, I would vow then and there to never tempt the grave of another again, and would console myself in my poverty that at least there is another life away from the suffering of this one that I can wander into.
I have never had such an occasion happen, however, and since I suspect a murder victim would have plenty of reasons to shake off the dust of the grave and give me a good, stern talking to about their predicament, I am forced by this omission to believe that there is nothing beyond the veil save a long, protracted dreamless state that visits us into infinity.
One's childhood learning has a great influence upon the back doors of our perceptions, however, and try as I might to remain as stoically analytical in the face of death and the utter lack of spiritual visitation, I have to wonder about those Things that reside outside of ourselves, on some invisible plane, where devils and demons snatch the hands of our souls and it is this that prevents them from coming back. Perhaps the afterlife is simply too busy and chaotic a place to find the physical afterwards. We are dull things to them, those netherworld spirits, bound as we are by the solid, foul smelling earth with its spent blood and moldy bones.
A fierce grip suddenly alighted on my arm, and I cried out in frightened alarm. The pressure increased in vigour when I tried to pull away, and I turned on my assailant, fully expecting a red devil and a lashing red hook of a tail to smite my cheek. I looked to my right in surprise to see the same young woman who had been in the coffee shop and had so viciously admonished me for taking too long with the newspaper. She pulled on me with a strength that seemed to indicate she wished me harm, her brows creased tightly together, her lips a thin and unpleasant line. She was no real devil or demon, but she was close enough to the mark to give rise to my panic.
"Here, now, Madam, I am not interested in your wares!" I shouted at her. But she ignored me as much as some passersby ignored us, the undignified appearance of a public fight causing good citizens to cast their eyes downwards and pretend that such things did not happen to gentlemen or ladies, in much the same manner as poverty did not exist, nor did the starving hordes that routinely washed up on the banks of London's illustrious river's shores. Or poisoned prostitutes, for that matter, the hollow cavities of their bodies exuding an unpleasant stench for those afflicted souls who could sense such things.
"Come with me, there's no point to you struggling!"
"I dare say there is! Unhand me, Madam!"
Perhaps due to my shock at so blatant a ruse, she had me sequestered in an alley in behind the coffee house, our moment within it so secluded that there couldn't be any question that this was a woman of ill repute. "I'm afraid I have nothing for you," I said to her, coldly. "I have no need for your services, and even if I did I wouldn't be partaking of it by force by such a harpy as you!"
"I'm not whoring," she snapped at me. She pushed me against the damp bricks, her thin fists surprisingly strong. She was a thin, waif-like woman at first appearance, but the many folds of her dress hid the musculature beneath and the heavy weight of her bones. "I know you, and I know what you're asking about. What I need to understand is whose side of this nasty business you're on."
I blinked down at her, unable to properly respond. She took my confusion as a sign of my being dimwitted. "The murder, you charlatan!" she near exclaimed. "I watched you in there, and I heard you talking of Constance Gowain." At this she let me go, her dark brown eyes downcast at the mention of this name.
"You knew of her?" I cautiously asked.
"She was my dear friend. What was done to her was criminal."
"Meaning?"
She fixed on me a look so violent I thought she was prepared to slay me then and there, to cleave my throat with a hidden blade, or failing this, to puncture my eye with a long, sharp hairpin. "She was murdered, and you know it," she hissed at me, her thin lips close to my cheek. A scent of lavender wafted from her, clean soap, powder. The scent of the dead.
"Poisoned. Don't bother trying to deny it."



CHAPTER EIGHT
Her real name, if anything of such a charlatan can be considered real, is Fanny Sainten, but she is better known by the upper middle class of London as Madame Spectro, mysterious spiritual medium and transformative communicator with the dead. I knew her for what she truly was, another peddler on the streets of London who had found a good way to gain the confidence of the wealthy and exploit their sorrows and fears for her own ends. As I have said before, the dead have never had any occasion to visit me, not even when there were pressing matters that only I could resolve. Such a blatant omission said only one thing--That if there is an afterlife, it has nothing at all to do with the living, and we are well wise to remain clear of its influence. Even falsely hovering on its periphery, as Fanny Sainten was doing, presented a certain degree of danger to me, for what if she told one of her impressionable customers that the ground they had laid their loved one in was cursed, or the tomb needed rebuilding? She could claim the theft as the work of demons, but I knew well that the magistrate would have other ideas in that regard. There would be investigations, unpleasant repercussions and a possible uncovering of vile deeds that one cannot easily remove oneself from. Scapegoats would be found and hung. Dr. Grey, that esteemed surgeon, would have to retire his scalpel, and I would have to retire to the gutter.
That she was of low moral character was obvious, for she had no compunction at following me two streets over where I had procured my secreted lodging in a highly unpleasant part of London near the Whitechapel cemetery. I tried to keep her presence hidden from my landlady, who was sweeping her front step with a worn out broom, the sticks leaving long lines in the dust. She looked up just as Fanny followed me in, her wrinkled face twisted into an expression of extreme disgust. I didn't understand this judgement, for the woman was all too happy to have my money than to truly care who I brought in and out of her lodging house so long as they weren't loud and they didn't stay longer than a fortnight. I could feel her eyes burning into my back as we ascended the stairs, every step a curse word the landlady silently uttered. My guest, perhaps used to this sort of interaction thanks to her employ, boldly made her way to my sparse room and seated herself at the foot of my bed, more comfortable there than the average prostitute, her bearing one of imposing inquisition.
"I don't care what you believe of me," she said, her indelicate hand waving away my concerns over her character as though she had read my mind. "I have never had to go on my back for money, and I'm not about to start. I'm not keen on children and I'm not about to go adding any numbers to the orphanage. I take care of myself, and I do it by the means of the creative arts."
I poured her a cup of tea that had been procured by my grumbling landlady, who took great pains to deny my guest the benefit of sugar. She fixed an angry glare on me that chiseled me down to an errant schoolboy before bustling out of the room, her fat skirts leaving the door opened wide. I shut it behind her when she was well out of sight down the twisting black staircase. Let her believe what she liked, I couldn't risk having this conversation overheard. I handed my guest a cracked teacup and Fanny took it and the the thin amber liquid within greedily from my offering hand. I remained standing before her, no tea taken by myself as I crossed my arms and looked down upon her slattern posture, sure that my assessment of her lack of character was spot on. "And so it is an art, fooling people into believing they are talking to those they had once loved? I suppose you are correct in this, for a mourning father or mother is ripe for their wounds to be constantly opened, the pain of departure picked at again and again in a reminding discomfort."
"I'm no witch, if that's what you're suggesting," she huffed. She banged on my dusty floor with the tip of her parasol, the action dredging up a thick layer of dust from the wooden planks that comprised my floor. I coughed, hiding my displeasure at her unspoken judgement of my own financial situation with a well placed fist at my lips. "I know you weren't reading the London Post for its stories nor its business," she astutely remarked. "You've been studying society columns, and the obituaries in the bargain. A right study of life and death, you are." She fixed her foxish, green eyes on me, the intelligence flashing within them too bright for my liking. "You're just like me. A people watcher. You keep your eyes trained on them and figure how they tick. That's your game." She sat back, her expression one of smug mischief. "I bet you've got a nice and tidy family name, one with a bit of money behind it that's long since been whittled down. There's nothing so musty as old money, and you reek of it, my friend. I gather you've found yourself a wealthy widow, or better yet, some simpleton heiress who isn't about to question you on your finances so long as you look enough the part."
In truth, I did not enjoy the ease with which she had deconstructed my careful plans, and I gave her a very cold reception. Amelia, my darling, my love, she was no simpleton. Agreed, she did have a certain blankness of look about her that could be construed as such, and she had such a lack of imagination it was difficult to tell if anything every retained permanence beneath her brow, but as we all have faults these were things I could easily overlook. Fanny Sainten had no right to judge the woman of my heart. If I could have torn the cup of tea from her hands I would have, but the miserable nymph merely smirked over the gold lined rim and raised a brow as she sipped its warmth.
"I assure you, we have nothing in common," I firmly stated.
"On my oath, we most certainly *do*," Fanny said, frowning over her cup of tea. "My dear friend Constance is not to be forgotten so easily, oh dear me, no!" She placed the cup delicately on the surface of my quilt, her hands smoothing down the bedding as she did so. She was no foreigner of Eastern extraction, as her name suggested, but there was a solidness of build to her that suggested to me an outdoors type. She had a deep tan, one that was resplendent upon her arms and down her neck and to perhaps further vistas that most horizons never manage to scorch. I shook my head, clearing it of the scrutiny, for above all things I am a gentleman and I know when it's best to steer one's mind out of unseemly places.
"Seems to me that London's chock full of shysters, and our Constance was among our number," she said.
"How so?" I cautiously asked. I was angry at this small slight. I was not one of 'them', one of those swindling beasts riding on the back of an unfortunate's sorrow. A vision of Edgar Cartwright came to mind, and my stomach lurched at the thoughts I had entertained of him, of his imminent demise fuelled by his suicidal rage over Constance's lack of constancy. I was unknowingly dabbling in clairvoyance myself, and the understanding of it sickened me.
"She did spirit photographs. Remarkably simple to make, all it takes is a brief exposure of film, then a small re-exposure to place an image of a loved one's ghost hovering above them." Fanny shrugged. "I don't know the mechanics of how it worked in the darkroom, but I do know I and Constance had to take photos of ourselves dressed up in muslin and approximating the ages and heights of those who had passed on. Pleasant way to make money, if you ask me. Anyone that wealthy and stupid to believe in it deserves to have their pennies pinched."
"You are a most cruel and ungracious creature," I observed.
"That may be, but I'm also not secreted away, living in a dusty room above a broom maker's studio. I own my home, right in the heart of London." She proudly gave me her card. Madame Spectro--Medium of Extra-Ordinary Powers of Insight and Clarity.
"Considering what you've said to me today, I can't say this sort of advertisement is a lie." I pocketed it away neatly into my waistcoat. "The man I met today was Constance's fiance. He is overwrought with grief, and I have reason to believe he is not a murderer. But he does claim Constance had an amour, one which he had discovered after her death." I kept my arms crossed as I stared down at Fanny. "Do you know who this man is?"
"There was a man who came to two of my séances," she said, her voice suddenly furtive, even fearful. "But he wasn't anyone she was seeing on the sly. She was marrying Edgar for the usual reasons, family connections, money, but I think she really did like him, at least that's the impression I got from her. They had hobbies in common, she said.”
I chewed on this, knowing well those 'hobbies' may have included an interest in opium. I did not reveal my suspicions.
“But this one spook seeker that came to our table, Constance was instantly wary of him. He showed up for the séances of a newly dead young women, in the guise of a fiance. He was pretending to be Italian but when I called up her spirit and spoke several lines of Rossini's Il Barbiere Di Siviglia he didn't understand a word I said. Needless to say, Constance and I thought him quite the scoundrel, and figured he was merely cashing in on some family grief. But when it became known to us that he had actually forged some acquaintance before the poor woman became ill--That is what spurred us into action."
"What sort of action?" I warily asked.
"Constance wrote him a letter, one that outlined what we suspected of him. He denied it of course, and tried to laugh us off, but Constance weren't a woman you give a slap and tickle to. She were a proper lady from a good family, and even if she did do things a little on the outside of what's considered upright, murder sits sick in everyone." Fanny's jaw jutted out in indignation. "We told him we were going to go to the police."
"Of course," I said, mildly amused. "But not without getting your blackmailer's license first."
"It weren't like that. I don't go that far, not when we're talking about murder, that doesn't sit well with me at all." Fanny eyed me as though I were the lowest bug she had ever trod upon, and the strange thing was, I felt it. "He turned back on us, quick as you please. Threatened to give evidence that we were fleecing people, making them believe their dead relatives were visiting when it was all just a trick made up of chemicals in the darkroom. He's a sly one, that one, but I wouldn't go so far as to say he's smart. I knew his accent was faked, but I didn't think he was paying all that much attention to us, especially seeing as how he was more concentrated on keeping in the good graces of the dead girls'
family."
I pondered this information for a long moment, thinking on the conversation I'd had with Cartwright not an hour before.
"I don't suppose you still have that letter," I said, resignedly.
"Of course I do!" she exclaimed. "Every legal document in duplicate, that's my motto. That way the banks and the solicitor's can't go saying you signed this, but didn't sign that, and all that rubbish. A girl has to protect herself properly, and paper is one way to do it best." She reached into the pocket sewn into the skirt of her waist and handed me the scrap of paper. On it, written in hasty, but firm script, was inked: 'I look forward to seeing you again. It will confirm all my suspicions, and you know that I am not one to allow this to pass unnoticed.' It was signed, in simple, deep strokes
'Constance G.'
So this was the note that had plunged Cartwright into such a violent, suicidal depression? This vague, unclear exposition? I should buy him a bullet to do the deed myself, seeing as how shortsighted he is he may miss his mark on the first attempt. Never let it be said that opiates sharpen one's mystical vision. If they do, they seriously blunt the perceptions of one's mundane reality.
"We were gathering further evidence," Fanny confided in me. She leaned in close, her body scented with rose powder, its aroma and its association with death making me gag. "We took spirit photos, and he is clearly there in both. If you come by my parlour on Tuesday, I will show you."
I tutted at the very suggestion. "I'm sorry," I said, reaching into my waistcoat and handing back her card. "I have no need for getting my fortune told, since I am already in the process of securing it."
She stood up, and pressed the card back into my palm. "You come on Tuesday, at three o'clock," she insisted. "I think you and your fortune need a real acquaintance. Don't you think?"



CHAPTER NINE
A disconcerting visit, but not one which I took much note of, for London as you know is swollen with the hungry eyes and bellies of charlatans and swindlers, of whose number I am thankfully not a part. The thought of Fanny Sainten having any additional information concerning the poisonings was one I dismissed almost immediately, for she had given me ample knowledge and there was no more needed in regards to it. The best course would be an anonymous tip to the police, a package sent to the London Times, perhaps, informing them of a man who may be the culprit in these vile happenings.
Granted, photographic evidence of this would be well suited to the task, and I had to wonder if it was wise for me to dismiss Fanny so lightly, especially when she proved to be very observant and astute when it came to investigating undercurrents of feeling, her skill making my own abilities pale in comparison. It is the nature of a soothsayer to know his victim, and if she claimed that the man in the photographs was a murderer, then there was no reason why I shouldn't believe her--Except, of course, for the fact that the accused was a perfect stranger, and one whom she admitted had put her in the clutch of blackmail. A surge of confidence welled within me at this for thus, to quoth the Bard, 'There be the rub'. This stranger could be an innocent of the prescribed crime of murder and Fanny Sainten's blithe accusation a form of deflection from her own vice-riddled activities.
Vindicated, I put Fanny Sainten and her strange method of employ out of my mind as I ventured out of my lodging to journey once again into the sunny summer of an afternoon into the heart of London. I had no special guests to collect for Dr. Grey, thus the remainder of the day was to be spent securing a small cache of emergency funds. I did not enjoy this prospect because not only was this a reminder of the dire straits within which I had found myself and the dwindling funds were set to depress me, but my need of it caused my mouse faced solicitor, Eugene Titmouse, to collapse into a fit of miserable despondency over my situation. As always, he would fuss and fret over the state of my financial affairs, along with profuse apologies to my apparent poverty and my father's oblique hand in it. Mr. Titmouse has been in the employ of my family as our solicitor for a considerable time, possibly since his very birth, and it is this that causes his heart to swell with meekly spoken sympathy, his tiny features and perpetually tweaking nose making him appear as though he is always on the verge of a terrible sneeze.
I keep my financial gains through my other employment wholly separated from my ancestral funds, with investments in America fixing me a vicarious enough profit to ensure I don't fall into utter ruin should my good name find itself sullied. This is a precarious arrangement at best, and it is not always a guarantee of avoiding the clutches of the poor house. It is a stupid man in England who does not afford himself a version of security, for social graces are easily offended and an attack of flatulence or worse still, forgetting the connection of your dinner host to some mindless nob at the dinner table, could oust you from societal inner circles. To have such an occurrence happen could leave one adrift, a lone barge that bumps along the river of bankers and investors who, upon hearing of your inflated transgression, summarily turn their backs and consider you that most terrible of persons--One who is Improper. I do not have enough funds at my disposal to be declared an Eccentric, for whom all such transgressions are forgiven, and until that time comes (oh, and it shall soon, my dear Amelia and your equally dear dowry!)I am held prisoner to Mrs. Cox's invitations and all the complicated graces that accompany them.
Mr. Titmouse's office is a tiny cubbyhole tucked tightly into the recesses of a vast building that houses several gentlemen's clubs, a drinking house and a grocer's, along with a myriad other tucked away little businesses and bookends and distribution companies, one of which has connections with a wool textiles factory. It is all a very complicated corner of business and largesse, thus, the street is awash with the wealthy and the poor alike, their bodies compressed and mingling as they continued from work to play at their specific drinking house, to work again. They are a strange, grimy, grey coloured clockwork piece that never ends nor finds rest. In a room that was no bigger than my apartment door sunk in a few inches, is the domain of my family solicitor Eugene Titmouse, whose tiny eyes widened to pinpricks as he recognized me.
I gave little attention as Mr. Titmouse waxed poetic on the good name of my father and his wonderful, charitable heart. I am loathe to admit to feeling nothing but irritation at the man's servile, sycophantic memories. "Such a good man!
There was never another like him! Oh, this world is so harsh and unkind, wherein a soul such as I can work and toil over all the days with these papers and never put a dent of sense into them, and to barely make a proper living besides. Oh, it's a terrible curse, to be on the brink of poverty--How I know this well, Mr. Endswell." His squinting, twitching nose nearly sneezed as he pondered the dusty papers of my father before him, the accounts stacked neatly on yellowed paper that was curled on its edges, quite possibly the same paper from which my father's deductions were calculated.
"Perhaps, if I could be so bold, sir, if I could be so forward...Perhaps you and I could nip 'round to the tavern at some later date and share in our reminisces? Your father was a good man, a kind man, a worthy man among paupers of spirit. Perhaps, seeing as we both understand the pull of the pocket..."
"That will do, Mr. Titmouse," I quickly said, pocketing the funds that were taken from my family estate and tipping my bowler hat to him in a hurried good-bye. To think he believes us equals enough to drink together, the very cheek of him!
It was all I could do in my power not to turn on him and rail with furious indignation at the very suggestion! This was bad form indeed, and rubbed me wrong in all manner of ways, for hadn't Fanny Sainten seen through to the beggar I am, and in her own way Constance Gowain, too. I felt exposed and tetchy, and I dare say I shrank from the poor little man as though he were leprous, a cruel thing to do to a man who had so vainly held onto his self worth through the service of my father and that patron's inept understanding of business.
But Mr. Titmouse clearly understood that he overstepped his place, and he nodded in sage understanding, his cowering, twitching form brought back into servant submission. "I do beg an apology of you, kind Mr. Endswell. I don't know what got into my head to say such a thing, to even suggest such folly. I've had so much running through this little head of mine, you see, so many worries and concerns for you, Sir, for I know you have a good family name, and it should remain so, Sir, it should remain regardless of the funds that have dwindled so." He fixed his tiny little mouse eyes on me, their brown beads ringed in wrinkled pink folds. "It's a shame, Sir, what happens to good men in this terrible, terrible city."
I tapped at the brim of my bowler hat with my cane, my smile for him indicating both forgiveness and good cheer. "I shouldn't be so worried about that," I said. "London has been good to my ancestors in the past. She shall do her duty by us again, I've no doubt."
"I should hope so, Sir," Mr. Titmouse said, his nose twitching over dusty, yellow papers. He watched me as I left, his pink eyes watering in unshed tears of sympathy. How the devil my father dealt with the little thing, I'll never know, and I suspect there was a considerable amount of that aforementioned charity involved. There was considerable chaotic turmoil going on behind those tiny red-rimmed eyes. As happens to many a man who is forced to live in a drawer, Eugene Titmouse is utterly mad.
With my pockets lined in money for lodging but not sustenance, I took a long walk past my lodging and then onwards down Commercial Street, a journey that men of better means would take by carriage. I did not have the funds available, and as the events of the day weighed on me, it felt good to walk with my concerns, their burden lightening with every step I took. As I made my way to the door of my precious Amelia I was in far improved spirits. The theory of brazen Fanny who had been in my room, as witnessed by the landlady, was suddenly a featherweight on me as I bounded up the steps to the opening door, all manner of worry forgotten. Gaslight flickered unevenly in the foyer, and the ever efficient Mrs.Brown wordlessly ushered me in, taking my coat, cane and hat which she draped over her left arm. She seemed in calmer spirits than the day before, and I commented that she looked well.
"Well as can be expected, Sir," she said, and curtsied at the compliment. "Kind of you notice how I's doin', anyhow."
Mrs. Cox barged into the foyer, and the Jehovah-like patient Mrs. Brown made a quick exit, her simple skirts brushing against the floor in large sweeps of cotton and tan coloured wool. "At last, you are here!" Mrs. Cox immediately railed at me.
I checked my pocketwatch. "I'm half an hour early."
"Yes. Duly noted. It is customary, my young man, to arrive at my home no later than forty-five minutes *before* dinner, as I have told you countless times." She hadn't, but I let her admonishment wash over me and gave her the most sincere nod of shame I could muster without adding the slight lilt of a sneer to it. I like to believe I mostly succeeded.
"Words cannot describe my sorrow at being so remiss," I said, and bowed low in deference to her, which she absolutely enjoyed and even clapped in happiness over.
"Never mind," she said, her voice clipped, but the tease of a smile on her lips. "Come in, come in. We have a new guest this evening, and I know you would want to meet him. He's a fascinating creature, newly imported from Sicily of all places!" She wrapped her heavy, pudgy arm around mine and pulled me into the drawing room.
I was struck immediately not by the fact that the man standing here was tall and spindly, and overall imposing in nature, especially with the careful cut of his royal uniform decorated in all manner of gold threads and fiercely polished buttons, but by a feeling of overwrought theatrics performed for the onlooker's benefit. I narrowed my eyes as I looked on him and his goatee that wasn't quite as sharp as it should be, at the cut of his hair that wasn't as straight and slicked back as befitting a person of royal personage.
We interrupted an intensely private joke that was shared between himself and Amelia, who was shaking her curls prettily and fanning her hand at her heart in excited mirth. She was far more animated in his company than she had ever been in mine, and this bit hard into my already heightened awareness of this obvious imposter.
"Arthur, I would like you to meet Prince Rudolph Valentini," Mrs. Cox said. She gave the false Prince a tittering laugh that she had never afforded me. "Mr. Endswell has been hovering around us for some time now. He's like a piece of furniture to me." She patted my hand as though I were an old chunk of polished wood. "He has been to India, however. I'm sure this will give you much to talk about."
I couldn't stop the furious glare I gave this supposedly Italian interloper, and he clearly understood his faux pas as he released Amelia's eager hand from his own. "Have you been to India?" I asked him, more accusation than question.
"You have been informed as such," he haughtily replied.
We stared at each other a long time after this. He saw it in me, and I saw it in him. One liar meets another.
The air between us was thick with pretended pride.



CHAPTER TEN
Dinner was the usual overblown affair, the spread so elaborate that our illustrious Queen Victoria herself would feel overwhelmed. Still, one mustn't be hasty in judgement, for Mrs. Cox took especial care to prevent anyone from enjoying themselves. The evening's repast comprised of dark colours reminiscent of black church corners and waste strewn puddles, a culinary reminder of my situation which sat ill in my gut. Bowls of olives and dull green artichokes lay scattered in delicate, dark green bowls nestled among tureens full of boiled spinach and platters of burnt roast. In large, brass bowls, the sickly sweet scent of dahlias made the roast smell off, the flowers such a deep purple they could be mistaken for black. These overpowering fat flora lay in thick clumps between every third plate, an effective mode of ruining one's appetite. They reflected my funereal mood as the wine was poured, its burgundy hue reminding me of soured blood.
"I should think it wise for you to refrain this evening," I said with cordial lightheartedness to Amelia as I took away her glass. The maid spilled the wine on the table, and cast me an evil look.
"Whatever for?" Amelia asked as she took the glass back. Her tiny mouth was in a tight line, an unexpected demonstration of impudence which I took it for the harmless gesture it was. I grabbed her glass back and pushed it to the far left of my own.
"You have good company enough. There's no need to lighten the mood with spirits like this," I said, and gave her my most charming smile. In truth, I had my motives, as you well may have already guessed. That scoundrel opposite us shot me daggers with his glances every time I happened to catch his eye. Sorry, good fellow, but there is no poisoning of my fiancee whilst I am present. I gingerly sipped my offering of tea and tipped the delicate china cup in kind greeting to him. He turned his head, his concentration riveted on the wine bottle and its travel down the long length of dinner guests, an act which in my mind assured me of his guilt.
Mrs. Cox, I am glad to say, had her glass filled to the brim. Should she have asked for a second helping, I would have been delighted to oblige.
Amelia reached across me and snatched back her glass, turning it over and gesturing to the pale maid waiting in the corner with the dreaded bottle of what I knew had to be poisoned wine. I grabbed it back and set it upside down on its rim as the wine circled us and then passed us, the maid shaking her head at my insistence. Ignoring Amelia's questioning blank face, I picked at an olive, its leathery texture unpleasant without a good amount of liquor to wash it down. "India," I said, pretending to muse on this fact as though it weren't a fiction. Prince Valentini raised his thick, black brow slightly, his well rehearsed lines on the matter no doubt running quickly through his thin skull. Or so I assumed, for this is exactly what I myself was doing. "So lovely, the way the sun beats down upon the grasses in the morning. Mind you, the shadows are a terrible burden. One may never know when a tiger may be lurking in among the tall stalks." I smiled, my teacup poised delicately before me, its steam trapping my prey. "So, pray tell. What business did you partake of in that hot province?"
My subject feigned amusement at this question, his smile nearly hidden beneath the rich moustache he wore, its authenticity in as much doubt as his words. "I operated a small tea plantation, in Darjeeling." He paused, no doubt to get his rehearsed lines in the proper sequence, a skill I had perfected myself and understood its nuances well. He went so far as to give me a crooked smile, the curl of his ridiculous moustache rising with its mirth. "A beautiful, spacious place, replete with sunshine. The women there, as dear Mr...ah...Endswell, is it? The women sparkle from the jewelry they wear--their dowries, you understand--and the collection of brightly coloured silks that adorn them as well their bangles gives one the impression of a land comprised of fairytale princesses. The air is thickly fragrant with the scent of patchouli and sandalwood incense. Ah, India, she is a magical place, indeed." He beat his breast in longing. "How I miss her."
"But it is good to be in England," Mrs. Cox reminded him. "Nothing compares, of course."
Outside her dining room window, some low street cur cursed, his companion threatening him with blows and murder. It was quite a loud, unpleasant exchange, one that hovered across our silence in a rape of conversation, the mutual threats and curses increasing until the blows did find their mark, and our dining hour was rife with the sounds of fists meeting flesh. A cold, stinking wind drafted through the open window, bringing the scent of the Thames and her rotting bodies with it. Mrs. Brown stepped into the dining room and wisely shut it, but not before the shrill cry of a policeman's whistle brought an end to the unfortunate intrusion.
"Of course," the Count replied, but his voice was uncertain. "Nothing compares."
"It has been a long time since I have been in India," I said, sighing in wistful sadness. "How I remember its beauty well. You are correct in your observation, of how the women are like princesses and the land like that of a fairy tale. I half expected every toad that crossed my path to harbour a secret wish for a kiss. Dear me, Amelia, it is not necessary to insist on a draught of this, no, you have enough colour in your cheeks, do put your glass away."
She glared at me in a rare fit of pique, but I was steadfast in my refusal for her of the offering of wine, its red droplets falling from the neck of the bottle and over my pale knuckles. "India is a treasure," I added, hoping to smooth over her tiny expression of ire. "In truth, even with a monsoon season, it is a far more temperate place to live than this damp shore. Such colour and life, nothing compares to it. I trust you have been to the Taj Mahal? An amazing structure, comprised of the most ingenious mathematical uses for archways and mosaics. I remember well how the light shone upon it in the early hours of morning. Ah, my dear Amelia, I should have to take you to that grand palace in future. It was built for love, you see. A place of magic and romance."
Amelia remained blank and unmoved. When she thought I wasn't looking, she bid the maid to come forward with the wine again, but this action was instantly rebuffed by a firm, negative shake of my head. The maid stood in her usual corner, her expression almost as sullen as her mistress's.
I had forgotten where I was in my rich description of India, and Mrs. Cox, now an equal purple to her dahlias, was livid against my passion. She tossed her napkin onto the table and fixed me with a piercing look so severe it was as though she'd stabbed me through the heart with her hair-pin. "Such treason!" she spat. "Dare you criticize our England, our Lionheart? No place is better, none in the world. Only in England do we have the proper societal conduct, in commerce, in our homes and especially amongst those of our brethren in the street. There is no place superior in these attempts, not a one!" She held her chin high. "We are not riotous beggars like the French, nor are we histrionic sexualized deviants like their Mediterranean cousins--No offence, dear Prince Valentini."
"None taken," the Prince doubtfully replied.
"Imagine," Mrs. Cox said, still flustered. "Railing against our continent due to such a folly as weather!"
"Queen Victoria herself has a great fondness for that colony," I quietly reminded her. "It is not treason to express a love for the extension of our homeland."
But Mrs. Cox was adamant. She stabbed her fork into the large mass of grey meat before her, her hand snatching the bell to call Mrs. Brown forth. "I am put off my meal," she informed her harried servants. "Mrs. Brown, you are to clear the table."
"But we haven't finished," I said.
"I would like some wine," Amelia quietly insisted.
"No, my dear, you don't."
"But I most certainly do."
"I'm afraid there is to be nothing further," Mrs. Cox coldly replied. "Perhaps curries and sauces are more to your liking. Vile spices that only ruin the constitution. Away with this! Not a person here is willing to dine on the victuals of their homeland, nothing here fit enough for these globe strutting scoundrels!"
I couldn't help but laugh at this, a vain attempt on my part to lighten the now poisoned mood. Prince Rudolph Valentini twirled his moustache between his thumb and finger, the hint of triumph visible on his swindling features. Oh, how I could have punched him and brought the row outside well within! But I held back, and gave him the respect that was to be properly afforded those genuine to his station. "I am very sorry for offering any intention of offence," I said to Mrs. Cox, choosing every word I spoke with unbridled care. "Of course, you are correct, England is our most beloved home, and it is this that we all long for when abroad. But to be judged so harshly for complaining of damp weather is a tad incomprehensible to me."
"There is no misunderstanding, Mr. Endswell, I am fully aware of your love of foreign places. It is a travesty that our countrymen should abandon their homeland so easily to feast upon shores that have no understanding or connection to them. No, in my day a person travelled to truly appreciate what they have when they get home and to be touched by these other disgusting leavings in the rest of the world as lightly as possible. One brought one's own furnishings, one's own servants and one's own wardrobe. They journeyed back with postcards and the occasional painting. That is what it means for us English to go abroad." Her beady eyes captured me, every facet of my being sentenced to a proper hanging.
"You, sir, are that most despicable of gentleman. You are an Adventurer. Such men have proven to be of loose morals and social impropriety, a collection of vices I will not harbour one minute longer in my home." She rang the bell as though calling home a herd of cows, her purple face ready to explode. "Mrs. Brown! Where the devil is that woman?
Mrs. Brown! Please escort Mr. Endswell to the door! And someone clear off this table!"
"So, I am being turned out due to foreign influence," I said, and made a point to nod at the esteemed Prince seated at their table, who was fit to grin at my departure. "Mrs. Cox, seeing as how passionate you are against these intrusions, perhaps you should be more careful in future as to who you invite as your guest. One wouldn't want to be known as an entertainer of these travelling invasions." I gave the Prince a low bow, ensuring that Mrs. Cox got the point, which is a difficult thing for her dull, sealed shut mind. "It has been a pleasure to meet with your company, your majesty. I do hope you will continue to enjoy Mrs. Cox's incredible hospitality."
I searched for Amelia's woeful understanding, but she was busy with the wine bottle, its contents poured full force into her glass when she thought no one was looking. She downed a portion of it as though she'd just discovered water. My efforts to protect her were rendered nil, but perhaps I had learned something even more disturbing. It was difficult to tell. With not another word, I made my leave.



CHAPTER ELEVEN
With the evening still young, I was not happy about ending it in my disgrace from the Cox household. The swindler Prince Valentini was eagerly kept as a guest, his long, possibly false moustache twirled at length, his smiling deference to Amelia's sudden love for wine sickening. Mrs. Brown gave me an understanding smile as she handed me my coat, her countenance cool with a wisdom her mistress could only dream of possessing. "Don't take it to heart, Mr. Endswell. You'll be getting your invite tomorrow, as always."
"I should half wonder at that," I replied, miserable.
I was further morose as I left Mrs. Cox and her bizarre indignation behind, my mind worrying over the glass of wine that Amelia devoured with such impunity. Her insistence in this regard both surprised and troubled me, and since she had afforded no such tendencies to disobedience in the past, I had to conclude that this sudden transformation into wanton willfulness had everything to do with the sudden influence of this Prince. Images of her being plied with drink assailed me, and quickly the thought of her being brought to the brightly lit gaiety of the Haymarket by that false Prince seemed a pre-ordained tragedy. Yes, I could see them both in that setting, where an arm entwined with another suggested purchase, and where back doors would eagerly accept any unwitting participant in order to fashion her ruin. The merest whisper of such a scandal would close Mrs. Cox's coffers immediately, and I am ashamed to admit that this thought preceded the concern over Amelia's current potential role as murder victim.
Thus, the mysterious Prince Rudolph Valentini, who is by all mannerisms a trickster rogue, had doubly injured my pocket by putting both my livelihood among the dead and the pursuit of the material from the living out of my reach. The time was near midnight, according to my pocketwatch, but I was nowhere near tired, and the thought of going back to my dusty, lonely, depressing abode sat like spent coal on my already heavy heart. With my mind dwelling in a never ending circle on murder, fraud and poverty, I found myself in a far better circumstance as I walked with unconscious purpose up Hertford St., towards the address Fanny Sainten had provided me. The collection of tidy, well-to-do homes that made Mrs. Cox's dwarf in comparison gave me pause, for surely Fanny Sainten didn't live *here* among the most wealthy of London, seconded only by the grand spectacle of the Queen's courts just four blocks south? I stopped at the edge of the street and seeking out gaslight I leaned against its black iron post to gather my wits and inspect the card she had given me. I had read the address correctly, and felt an utter fool. This was a swindle, to be sure, to provide such an upper class address in order to gain the confidence of those within these and lesser circles. There was no Madame Spectro living here, and if she was, it was as a lowly kitchen maid and nothing more.
With this in mind, I decided to play her card in kind, and quickly made a plan to show up at the address calling upon her as a drunken lout, an event which in this neighbourhood would cause a serious uproar against the criminal element who had so foolishly used their good name to such evil ends. I put an extra swagger into my gait, and began singing loudly, the tune bawdy and one I'd heard on the wind near my lodging, its melody of whiskey and loose women the favoured topic of sailors and other lower forms of London's population.
I purposefully knocked over her neighbour's flowerpot as I approached her door, her supposed house a sliver nestled between the larger establishments next to it, but nonetheless grand with its stained glass windows and rich flowering decor. A light went on in the sitting room, and I sang louder, my knock brash and crude upon the heavy oak door:
"I said, "What now, my pretty maid?"
She said, "You're nice, but I'll be paid."
I said, "But you enjoyed it too."
She said, "That's right, as much as you."
She said, "Young man, you're very brash
I like it more when I get cash."
The door was opened by a very tall, very muscular Nubian woman who heralded, I assumed, from those ancient, northern areas of the dark continent. Her stature was erect and firm, her large black eyes betraying no mirth, her dark lips thin and looking as though a careless word never slipped past them. She looked down from her lofty height to where I stood beneath her, possessing the pride and bearing of an African princess, and I felt cowed in her presence even as she revealed herself as Sainten's maid and boldly enquired as to my business at this late an hour.
"I wish to see Fanny, otherwise known as Madame Spectro," I said, her stern glare obliterating all traces of drunkenness from my person. I felt a rush of heat at my cheeks, an unexpected embarrassment at the knowledge she had heard my bawdy sailor's song. "She told me to call on her here."
"The hour is late," I was reminded.
"She told me to call on her. Please, it is very important."
"You will make an appointment, and you will return then," I was informed.
Confusion reigned, and I placed my hand on the door, preventing her from closing it. "I'm terribly sorry. Are you suggesting that Fanny Sainten actually does live here?"
"There is no Fanny Sainten here," she said, and I was momentarily relieved at this, for my theory was proven true.
"Madame Spectro, however, is the only occupant."
"But they are one and the same," I pressed.
"Madame Spectro will see you only by appointment." She gave me a once over that suggested I wasn't worthy to be her boot carrier let alone her mistress's client. "Good-bye."
"Sola, is there a problem?" There was a rustle of silk and the lingering scent of sandalwood incense. Chimes softly tingled as the mistress of the house made her descent down the main stairs. Her voice held a thick, Hungarian inflection, but it was soft, an undercurrent of melancholy within it that was as soothing as a warmed cup of brandy. "Whom calls upon me at this hour, his heart heavy from the strain of death? Come, tired visitor. I have heard from your loved one, and I have been expecting you." Fanny Sainten descended further, coming into the light. I held my breath, for she was lovely in this new costume which highlighted her sharp features, softening them in a rich silk brocade dressing gown, its matching shawl embroidered with rich gold threads draped carefully about her head like a mourning shroud. Her ankles jangled from the fringed jewelry she wore, their use employed by the dancers and singers of India, ornaments both there and here that were of a mystical significance. Her very presence was a tight spell of religious unveiling, and I held my breath, wondering what fortune she was about to bestow upon the wretchedness that was myself.
Madame Spectro's mysterious air slumped when she saw me, her shoulders drooped and her hands went sloppy to her hips. "Oh, bugger it, it's just you. Sola, get him a coffee and don't bother using the good china. We'll use the kitchen. Get him in here before the neighbours see him--If anyone asks, he was a charity case."
"Understood," her maid said, and to my surprise did not drop her superior demeanour, but was even more superimposing than before. Mrs. Cox would have felt compelled to bow in acquiescence to her, a feat of obedience I am sure our dear Queen Victoria herself would have sternly approved of.
I was brusquely guided to the tiny back room that served as a kitchen, a parlour tucked to the right side and the maid's quarters converted to a canning room. Fanny, her Madame Spectro persona tossed off as easily as a hat, came in with her shawl draped messily over her shoulders, her fingers poking through the tresses of her short, brown hair. Sola made us coffee in the Turkish tradition, and served it in tiny glass cups nestled in brass lacework. Cream was not provided, but four lumps of sugar was an excessive display of luxury in my opinion.
"I've met our murderer," I said to Fanny when her servant left the room.
Fanny raised a brow and took a light sip of her strong, hot black coffee. She sucked the grounds off her teeth.
"Interesting," she said, giving me a shrewd look.
"He is going by the name Prince Rudolph Valentini, claiming to be part of the Sicilian monarchy. A ruse if ever I saw one, for I'm sure the twirl of his moustache is as false as his name, and in any event was far too patient for my liking in the face of Mrs. Cox's ignorance concerning the dangerous pleasures of foreign travel." I cupped my hands around the tiny cup of coffee, its heat a relief against the London chill that had set deep into the marrow of my bones. I had an inward vision of them, white and gleaming, and I repressed a shudder. "He has designs upon my Amelia, my fiancee. You need not give me that raised brow, you know the story as well as I. I still have my family name, but it is in financial tatters, and securing a position in the Cox household as Amelia's possible suitor is my only recourse. Despite this sordid state of things, I am in my heart a true gentleman, and I entertain no ill will to her, and have a genuine, heartfelt affection for her."
"And for her money," Fanny observed.
"Yes, and for her money. A dividend that is already threatened by the attention of a possible murderer."
"So what do we do about it?"
"What can we do?" I lamented. "We can't go to the police, we can't warn my Amelia off, for how would I explain my knowledge, and worse yet, how would I have her understand that she is in danger? She is a simple girl, with simple thoughts. Her guardian and aunt, Mrs. Lettuce Cox is wall through which it is nigh impossible to penetrate, and she has wilfully and stupidly allowed this murdering thief into her home merely on the pretence of royalty. She is not a woman willing to accept her wrongs, and trust this, my dear Miss Sainten, there are many things she is woefully wrong about. It's no use, I'm set to go into ruin if this keeps up, and it won't take long to do so." I hung my head, not willing to give our only recourse a thought. "If I had an option, which I don't, I suppose I could inform my employer."
She was interested in this. "Really? Who may that be?"
I braced myself for her horrified reaction, for though I knew her to be a charlatan, I also knew where I stood on the scale of those underworld classes, and it was low indeed. "You deal in the dead," I said to her.
"Not really. I deal with the living. The dead are long gone, it's the poor souls they leave behind that need some cleaning up."
"Then perhaps it is best you don't know," I said, feeling relief. "You will not be so understanding."
"Understanding of what?"
"Of the dead."
"The dead are everywhere," she said, impatient.
"I deal in them," I admitted. "I deal in the dead."
"How so?"
"The usual way."
"An undertaker?"
"More of an undertaking. I'm a supplier. Of the dead." I sighed, and closed my eyes. "You may judge me as you will, but I refuse to be classified a criminal. No one owns their bodies but themselves, and I do not believe what I do is a crime. There are those who consider it a necessary evil in the pursuit of knowledge. My employer, Dr. Faust Grey, is one of them."
Fanny's hand went to her mouth in horror. My heart felt sick. "You're a..."
"That's right. I'm worse than a bloody graverobber. I resurrect the dead, and they talk to the scalpel of the living. The surgeon who employs me had two other victims on his slab and due to the complications created by the poison being used, he isn't willing to take more bodies until the murders are solved. This has put a serious hole in my pocket and thus a more serious hole in my plans to marry Amelia Cox and her imminent fortune. Dr. Grey is a man of science and may have a better view on how to proceed in this matter. I believe I shall have a refill of your excellent, hot, sweet coffee. It is suddenly quite cold in here."



CHAPTER TWELVE
Her clock chimed midnight, and Fanny was nearly startled out of her seat by its morose cry. She blinked and poured another cup of coffee for me, topping her own cup as well as adding a healthy amount of brandy. "I'd read your grounds for you, but I'm betting all that will be there is tombstones," she said. She frowned over her cup, delicate fingers twirling it. "I knew you had some scam going on, you have that desperate aura about you, but I admit this is one vocation that's new to me. You steal dead people."
"You profess to see them," I said to her.
"No, I'm pretty sure that you have the upper hand there," she admitted. She shook her head. "Whatever could have possessed you to make that your calling? Ugh, it's awful enough when the families give me articles of clothes or jewelry and I have to wonder if they snatched these things right out of the coffin, or while the poor thing lay dying. They always feel diseased." Large eyes met mine. "I always wear muslin gloves and I burn them afterwards. I've told my clients that the psychic energies embed themselves strongly within me and thus I have to protect myself with this soft barrier. Really it's because I can't stand touching something that possibly had someone else's sick all over it. Have you heard that there is research that says all illness is caused by tiny things we can't see but are all over the surface of the ill? Not to mention all the spewing and phlegm that goes on. Disgusting. I'm not risking the consumption over a piece of worn lace, thank you muchly." She recoiled from me as though I myself were diseased. "You go right in and get them when they're ripe. You weren't wearing that suit when you did the deed, did you? Ugh, I can't stand it, Sola, get a sheet for this man! You can drape it over you, that will be better. I'll burn it later."
"I did not wear this attire, so no, you need not get a sheet," I angrily replied. "Besides, if anyone is fit to become ill it is Dr. Grey, and believe you me, he has the healthiest constitution of anyone I have ever met."
She pondered this for a long moment, her eyes darting over her coffee in a calculated intelligence. "A surgeon," she mused, as lilt of wistful want in her voice. "When can he see us, do you think?"
"Immediately, I assume," I assured her. "His work is in as much a standstill as my own, and he is devoted to his craft." I studied my pocketwatch. "These are the hours of his work, but without his preferred guests I imagine he is suffering an unwillingly prescribed holiday. It is not a pleasant abode, and perhaps you would prefer a more neutral setting than his laboratory."
"I want to meet him," she said, and drew her shawl close around her as she got up. "Shall I send for a coach?"
"You wish to go now? The hour is late, and as I've said I can't be certain he's available."
"I'm certain he is, if he's a surgeon," Fanny impatiently replied. She grabbed a set of black silk gloves and bid her servant to fetch her a more appropriate shawl. "The longer we wait, the longer you are unemployed and he is without his usual specimens. When you are familiar with the speed of disease, you understand how easily time slips away from us. Your Doctor Grey is a man who is very much a watcher of time, and I half wonder if his constant investigating isn't for some personal purpose."
"How so?"
"Most surgeons have one. A specific formula that they seek that is the elixir to their particular obsessions. Perhaps he is looking for a cure."
"For what?" I asked.
She shook her head, her tresses loosed before she tied them back and hid them effectively beneath the decorative confines of her plain, black veil. "I shouldn't hazard a guess. Sola will send for a coach."
"No, he has his own arrangements. I can call on his coachman," I said. "He is a silent fellow, hired by the Doctor himself. He can be trusted."
"Not many of those like about," Fanny observed.
Sola arrived with the sheet her mistress had requested, neatly folded and offered to me with ceremonial dour. I shuddered, thinking on it as a shroud.
"That will not be necessary," Fanny said to her, dismissing her. "I imagine the poisons of the Thames has already poured over him and killed whatever may be lurking. It's especially foul this evening. Sola, we shall be leaving. If I do not arrive home by nine a.m. tomorrow morning, you are to empty my deposit box and to then inform the police, but not until you are well and free of English shores, understood?"
Sola faltered slightly at this, and gave me a glare that suggested if her mistress went missing, there would be a likewise mystery in my bargain. "I understand," she replied, and gracefully made her leave.
~*~
"I hate London."
We were riding in the dark recesses of Dr. Grey's coach, the silent coachman taking us to our destination outside of the city limits, the dirt and damp of the air clearing as we headed into a more country setting. Fanny was uncomfortable, her skirts catching on stray nails and splinters from the tea crates I used to import the bodies. I did not reveal this fact to her, however, for fear of her jumping out of the coach to her death on the dirt street we travelled upon.
"It's not so terrible a place," I said.
"I should think it is," she insisted. "Everyone is so divided here, all pompous and righteous while at the same time stamping all over those who do the hardest work."
"You speak as if you have experience of this."
She was quiet for a long moment, her green eyes locked on the vista of darkness that dipped past us with slippery ease, the pea soup thickness of the air clouding our lungs. She wiped its putrid dew from her brow with the hem of her veil, her sight catching nothing but the long vista of black that was the outline of workhouses and mansions alike. "I'm not used to this, all the damp and decay. Where I come from, the world is a lot drier, a lot dustier and full of promise." She eyed me sideways, her mouth a crooked line as she thought on how best to confide in me. "If you've guessed I'm some foreigner, you'd be right."
"I suppose so," I said, carefully choosing my words. "But not one so removed from here that you do not understand this land's subtleties." We hit a bump and she was nearly knocked out of her seat. I reached down to steady her, but she shook my effort off with a protective shrug of her shoulders.
"American," she said, her bottom lip chewed in thought as she continued staring out at the black vista seeping past. "In a place where you have to make up the rules yourself. I made my way in as respectable a method as anyone here could imagine. My father got himself a windfall in the gold rush, and he did well enough to get myself and my sister educated. Even sent us to Boston, to get some higher learning in." She placed her hand over her mouth, using her veil as a type of filter. "There's a terrible smell in here. Like flowers and vinegar."
"If you came from such a good family as that, and had the wealth you claim, whatever are you doing here?" I asked.
She remained silent for a long moment, her thoughts stubbornly inward. Instead of revealing her own circumstance, which obviously pained her, she went on the attack, using a familiar point to start from. "You have a family name, and you lost it all, so you should think on how easily you judge me. You're just as bad as the rest of the slaveholders, the way you treat people here. They don't have dark skin, most of your poor, but you treat them just the same, like they were expendable things that you can discard when you're done with them. It makes me ill, it does. You have a responsibility for the people you employ, they all rely on you to keep them safe and healthy, and it's a bastard who doesn't do those things. “
I thought guiltily on Mr. Titmouse, that poor, meek creature whom I had so cruelly rebuffed. As my family solicitor,he went mad from our generational, collective irresponsibility."
We had run into Titmouse on our way to the note carrier who would inform the coachman of our request to visit with Dr. Grey. It was my good fortune that the man was wholly inebriated, and thus wouldn't remember the exchange by morning. Explaining who Fanny was and how this would affect my dealings with the Cox clan would have been difficult. Titmouse had been his usual fawning, overly sympathetic self, and thus had effectively informed Fanny of the sad state of my economics, an embarrassment I was yet to live down in front of her.
"I think it's sad, right sad, that you have to put on airs like this, making like you're well-to-do when you got nothing but a farthing to rub raw in your pocket. Banking on an heiress, truly you aren't so stupid a man to think that's the only way to make your fortune? Surely the Great Exhibition in '51 taught you something? There's plenty of ridiculous things out there that can bring you money."
"Like being a soothsayer?"
"I counsel the living," Fanny said, defensive. "People coming to me knowing full well it could and probably is a scam. But that doesn't stop them from confiding in me as one would a priest, only without the religious trappings. Ritual is all about performance, and I am an excellent performer. I charge amounts that I know people are willing and able to pay. Contrary to what you think you know, I am no gypsy charlatan."
"You are one of a better order, then," I said.
"Right, there you are, full of your holier than thou judgement. You don't rifle the pockets of the dead?" she asked, seeking a rise from me.
"Never," I answered, truthful. "And considering your likewise aversion to their belongings, I believe us to be united in thought."
"Perhaps," she agreed. Then, thinking. "What was it that poor Titmouse said?"
"He says a great many things, none of them of import."
"No, of you upping yourself in the world by hanging about with that Prince--Our highness the murderer." Fanny frowned. "He said he searched a history of the man, but couldn't find one."
"Hardly significant," I said.
"No," Fanny said, disturbed. "I think Titmouse, mad as he is, has discovered something. Surely even as a lowly solicitor there should be records of this Prince, proving him to be who he claims. Titmouse said there was nothing."
"Actually, his exact words were that Prince Valentini's records were ruined in a fire at Constantinople. According to the word of a maid employed at Mrs. Cox's household, who overheard the Prince describing the incident." I gave her a sidelong, knowing glance. “I imagine Mrs. Cox's maids are not holding to the proprieties expected of them when in her employ. Flirting with mad, drunken solicitors in pubs suggests a rather low calibre of character, one which Mrs. Brown herself would be loathe to share company.”
"Interesting," Fanny said.
"How so?"
"If your prince is an Italian, as he claims, why is he admitting that records of him were lost in Turkey? He has no such connection, from what he has revealed of himself, and yet here is this strange addition. Odd bit information, don't you think?"
"Yes," I agreed. "Because it is obviously false. Any idiot can surmise the man is a rogue, but Mrs. Cox is utterly smitten with his station. That poor maid, I imagine running into Titmouse and his fawning admiration was a tad daunting, especially when the little man can fire off more questions and assumptions in a minute than the most skilled interrogator. I have a suspicion this information was relayed out of panic, an aside meant to quiet a man whom the maid did not presume to be of much social importance, but whom perhaps had enough coin in his pocket to share a dram of liquor."
Fanny grinned at this. "Then we've learned something else."
"Have we?" I asked.
"He's not so skilled at being a con man that he can think well on his feet when pressed for more details," she said, eyes twinkling with mischievous knowledge. "When it comes to subterfuge, he's grossly inexperienced. He'll be easy to trap."
I wasn't so sure. As we made our way towards the periphery of London, the air began to clear, the vile fog that enveloped the city in a suffocating blanket revealing a more pastoral setting, with soft greenery and the low bleat of sheep journeying across the horizon. I had to wonder at her revelations, and there was the distinct feeling in my own heart that Fanny Sainten's history was as nebulous and dark as the mist that crawled over Whitechapel Cemetery, a soft, silken sheen beneath which one had to struggle to discern the truth and hated oneself for doing so.



CHAPTER THIRTEEN
The tiny cottage was not what Fanny was expecting, and she told me so with her soft utterance of curses as she crawled out of the coach, not waiting for my assistance. Her skirts trailed in the mud, but she was heedless of this as she made her way to the front door of the cottage, the scent of alien vinegars and post midnight silence doing nothing to deter her. Such fearlessness had to be admired, and I wondered what had given her such a steeled disposition. She had claimed to have lived on the dusty plains of the Americas, but who was to say if this was truth or further fallacy, for she was an adept actress who I had already discerned could mimic an astounding array of foreign accents and even local dialects. Certainly, when she spoke, I heard nothing of that southern lilt common among those cowboy settlers, and instead noted a distinctively coarser tongue hovering beneath her words, one that spoke of a journey much farther south to that debtor's colony, Australia. If this had been her original home, she had made a journey that cut across the very globe. An adventurer, Mrs. Cox would accuse her. Freedom's harlot.
The door slowly creaked open upon her angry knocking and Fanny gave the curious stare of Dr. Faust Grey a wide grin and extended her hand in greeting. "Dr. Grey it is a great pleasure to meet you!" she said, and it was then that I noticed her hand was gloved with clean muslin, the cheap barrier against death looked upon with question. "Arthur has told me quite a bit about you. Don't worry, your secret is safe with me, and far be it for me to halt you in your proceedings. I have nothing but the utmost respect and curiosity for your profession, and in fact I had the pleasure of sneaking into more than one lecture during my tenure as a charwoman amongst the apprentices at the Royal College of Surgeons of England ." She clapped her hands eagerly and pushed past Dr. Grey, who was in the middle of his usual work. He gave the corpse on the slab a rather guilty shrug as he looked on me, his expression pitiable.
"Eet is a gift, a common one from the hospital," he assured me. "It is five days gone already and full of the maggots, the liver swollen with the affects of alcohol. Bah, I have such little choice theez days. Theez unclaimed creatures, they are only good for labelling and pickling, ja."
"Standard 'y' incision," Fanny mumbled over the corpse, her hands clasped together as though in prayer. She picked up a slender steel rod that had been dipped in vinegar and used it to push aside a flap of flesh on the chest. "My, this one had a bigger heart than most. Yes, a classic case, very visible when you inspect the veins in his neck. See how thick and rigid they are? Definitely apoplexy, and a sudden fatal case of it, too."
"Ja, a very large heart," Dr. Grey said, more to himself in quiet reflection on Fanny's words before turning on me. "Who ees thees?"
"I'm not certain," I admitted. "In most circumstances I believe she is known as Madame Spectro, a medium of some renown in London. I, however, know her as Fanny Sainten, and you dear Doctor, now know her as a former charwoman and corpse prodder."
"There's lots of this stiffening, I'm seeing evidence he had this condition for quite some time. I'm guessing he had a terrible occasions of memory loss, and it's perhaps just as well this particular attack took him before he was a complete invalid." Fanny poked and prodded with her steel rod around the corpse's exposed heart. "There's strange yellow deposits here. Fat, as I recall."
"Eet is. How very astute of you to observe eet." Dr. Grey scratched the underside of his chin, his fingers tangling in his beard. He pulled them out with effort, and inspected Fanny's continuation on his specimen. "Very good. You knew not to cut into the thorax too deeply."
"Not bad for a simple cleaning woman," I said.
"Ach, what is the point in even trying to teach you?" Dr. Grey impatiently said to me, shoving me aside as he concentrated on his star pupil. "You English and your misplaced manners! It is a great tragedy that your women are forced to consider the higher aims of medicine, how is it said--Unseemly. Bah! Nonsense! A woman makes for a wonderful doctor. She is observant and shrewd and is not prone to the disease of ego as her male counterparts are. A cleaning woman, indeed. Tell me, Miss Sainten, was this your goal when you became part of the Royal College of Surgeons of England? To sweep her beer stained halls, drag drunken surgical apprentices to their rooms to sleep off their indulgences, cleaning their leavings of their revelry all ze while gaining nothing of that fine institution's learning?"
"I did a lot less sweeping and a lot more note taking," Fanny admitted. "I studied hard and wrote many an exam for a lazy Lord's son. The marks they received were so high, I started charging for the service and even got a few stragglers from the Royal School of Apothecary, thus earning a double degree." She gave Dr. Grey a shrewd once over. "You aren't of the same class as them, and I can tell you were trained outside of this hell-hole. Paris, I'm sure, where they treat medicine with the respect it deserves. If you ever need a good rundown of who to avoid giving your scalpel to, I'll hand you a few names to watch out for. A decent surgeon needs to keep some of his reputation intact, especially those who don't pander to superstitious nonsense."
"Ah, you see?" Dr. Grey grinned and turned to me in triumph. "Shrewd! Observant!"
“Superstitious nonsense is your bread and butter,” I reminded her.
“I simply observe and relay what my clients already know in their hearts.” She poked again at the large organ that lay swollen in the corpse's chest. “Spooks are one thing, but I'm not about to tell some ignorant fool that bloodletting will save his child, like some surgeons still profess.”
“Licensed butchers. Disgusting, ja, ja.” Dr. Grey spat on the floor, a severe expression of his disdain.
I wanted to add Loose and Criminal to Dr. Grey's observative list, but wisely held my tongue. Instead, I decided it was time to divulge the true reason for our visit, one which affected all of us dearly. "Miss Sainten, for all her charms, is very much a charlatan, pretending to converse with the dead whilst bilking the funds of those who obtain her services." I held up hand against her cursing, unladylike protests. "However, while this may be a vice in other realms, in our particular case her knowledge is indispensable. Both her and Constance Gowain worked together, and mutually blackmailed the murderer, who in his folly showed up for the séance for his newly deceased paramour."
"Fascinating," Dr. Grey agreed. He gave me a wide grin, and stood too close to me for comfort. His shirt was stained with oily lines, the remnants of his guest. "Who is this Constance Gowain? A girlfriend of yours? A handsome man like you, Arthur. You need girlfriend. Not healthy to be alone in this world, no not at all."
"I believe you are already acquainted with her." Dr. Grey remained blank at this, and I gave Fanny a cautious glance.
"The young lady you entertained last week," I told him.
"Entertained? Last week?" He was genuinely confused, but his features instantly brightened as he gazed upon the opened form of the ill abused teetoaller before him. "Ah, yes! My unfortunate, poisoned guest! How very funny, Mr. Endswell. A guest. Very eenteresting way to put it. Ja, ja." He chortled and I tried to give him the signal to contain his mirth, but it was to avail. "A guest, oh ho ho, such a pretty way of talking of such ghoulish business, yes? These English, they know how to play hide and seek with words. Very amusing. But very frustrating! All of it, so hard to figure out. Like a puzzle piece, with the picture missing. This is funny, that is offensive. Strange people."
"It's not strange, it's a right farce," Fanny said, angrily crossing her arms as she regarded the Doctor. "She was my friend, Constance was. As close to a sister as I'm ever going to hope to get. If you don't want to be getting a nasty slap on that cheek, I'd cut the giggling right quick."
Dr. Grey's mirth diminished into a more serious tone as he regarded the body before him. "Yes. I am so sorry, my dear. It is a nasty business, dealing with death, and perhaps we become giddy in its presence as a way of coping with what is our inevitable fate." He turned to me, a subdued smile for my own perusal. "She is very forceful, ja? You should not bring her here, of all places, you should take her for fine dining and showing her the light of London. Foolish man! You will never have a wife if this is your version of a romance in the country air!"
I choked at this suggestion, and I'm afraid my ire was forceful, and a tad rude towards Fanny. "There is no romance occurring here, old friend, and there is never likely to be one considering my state of affairs as of late. I have a young woman in mind, but unfortunately I was turned out of her house in near disgrace by her fat aunt who can't stand foreigners, an issue I am beginning to understand!"
"Oh, you are being childish. I am merely stating what is obvious. And you do not hate me," Dr. Grey assured me. "You are merely a product of severe stresses placed upon you by an unreasonable ugly English woman. I have seen her type, for they are almost exclusively the patients I am forced to suffer in my daily practice." He placed the back of his hand onto his forehead and leaned back, his eyes rolling in exaggerated agony. " 'Oh, I am swooning, Dr. Grey, do something for this terrible pain in my stomach'! When you tell her she eez merely flatulent and all she need do to remedy her health eez pass gas, she rails upon you as though you were a viper beneath her heel. Yet even in her ire, does not manage to let one toot loose, as my father used to say to me. Bah! It is natural, it is digestion, the very basic of biologic understanding. But they will not listen to zee reason of their own bodies. Strange people, English people."
Fanny held in her mirth at this behind her hand, her muslin glove already off and tossed into the fire situated in the corner of the cottage. "Is he always in this good a mood?" she asked me.
"I suspect the present company has tempered him somewhat," I replied.
"We believe we've found our murderer," Fanny said to Dr. Grey, her eyes twinkling with her innate intelligence, a spark that was shared between them. "He is passing himself off, badly as a Prince from Italy, but it's obvious he is a fraud. He's inexperienced, that much we've gathered, so it shouldn't take much to bring him down."
Dr. Grey was suddenly serious. "Inexperience," he repeated, testing the word and its concept on his tongue. "If you have come into contact with the murderer, as you suspect, I would be cautious with everything you imbibe." He frowned, and left his corpse to pace before his small fire, his fingertips brushing and tangling into his beard. "I am not so sure you have the right man. Many poisons, especially those that are untraceable, do not act quickly, it takes many months to create a false illness that eventually wears away the body. The pair who arrived here were victims that were concurrent, thus, I suspect it was the case of a man who was grossly adulterous and holds none of zee feelings of guilt. These murders were planned very careful, very deliberate. The man who did this knows his poisons well and he is well aware of ze the proper fatal dosage, and how long it takes before the heart stops beating. This takes a lot of long term planning, a considerable amount of tenacity and time. Does this fit your suspect?"
I was sure it didn't. Fanny's brooding silence confirmed my suspicion.
"A shame zere was no real point to this visit, but eet was good to see you just the same, Arthur, and to bring such a light to me as well," the good Doctor said. He kissed the back of Fanny's hand before pulling out a saw. He began hacking at the midsection, pausing at intervals to wipe his bloodied brow. "It vas very nice to meet you, my dear. Perhaps we can be acquainted again sometime?"
"Preferably not on the slab," Fanny cheerfully said.
"Ja, ja, most preferably," Dr. Grey said, equally cheerful.



CHAPTER FOURTEEN
A plan had been set in motion, one that I was not privy to, and this vexed me greatly. I was not keen on this sudden subterfuge, for I had my own set rules of conduct with the unpleasant, cragged wall otherwise known as Mrs. Cox, and Fanny's plan was set to crumble it. Fanny's impudence had the potential for my further ruin on several counts: One, Mrs. Lettuce Cox, while wrapped up in her own rules of engagement to the point of severe apathy, is not a person who broods for any length of time upon visions of the hereafter, especially when the Here and Now are entities that require her full, strict attention. Getting her to agree to a séance, especially after my performance the night before, was going to be painfully difficult. Two: Mrs. Cox had latent feelings of guilt attached to her husband's unfortunate demise, a man who was frail and meek alongside her and whom I could easily gather had been bullied into his grave at the first sign of sickness. Malingering around one's life when one should be properly dead would definitely earn a soul a harsh judgement from Mrs. Cox, a consideration that would prevail in her mind when presented with the means to contact the tiny, shrivelled man again.
Thus, it was with surprise that I arrived at the Cox household in the morning, a pleading cap in hand for alms of sympathy for my dreadful conversation the night before, and instead of being turned on my heel immediately, I was ushered in by Mrs. Brown. She wiped her hands on her apron, and gave me a wide, knowing grin, one which I instantly held in grateful suspicion. Mrs. Cox, with her long crepe skirts dusting the floor, glided towards me, her chin held high.
"I believe this is your doing," she said, and the tone with which she said it made me feel I was part of some cruel, social trick.
"It's possible, though I will plead innocence before the courts," I cautiously answered.
"This," she said, handing me an ornate card upon which the image of Madame Spectro was etched upon it, Fanny's face pale and luminous, eyes skyward. The ethereal portrait was surrounded by gold stars and ringed planets, a not so subtle advertisement that Madame Spectro was not of this world. Considering how much of a fabrication she was, I couldn't call the suggestion false.
"Oh. Dear me. I'm terribly sorry..." I began.
"Sorry? What are you sorry for, you silly fool?" She snatched the card back and regarded me within the tiny circles of her pince nez. "Madame Spectro has told me everything."
"Oh?" I felt a tug at my throat at this. Not unlike being slowly strangled. I pulled at my cravat, but the action did little to help me breathe.
"An excellent plan," she said, suddenly breaking into a grin. The expression was so alien on her features I half wondered if she had some touch of madness and was considering biting me, much in the manner of a hungry, plump crocodile. She frowned at Mrs. Brown, who still hovered nosily nearby as she hung up my coat and arranged my hat on the hook amongst the others. "Have you not something to do in the kitchen? You have left our guest here, standing alone waiting instead of inviting him to our table. Really, the incorrigible state of servants today! Bring him some tea, if you are capable!"
I gave Mrs. Brown an understanding, if not questioning, lilt of my brow and followed Mrs. Cox into the dining room, which was, as usual, richly laid out for a monarch's breakfast. Amelia was already there, as was the twitching form of Prince Rudolph Valentini, who regarded my presence with undisguised shock. I felt a certain pleasure at this, and made a point to politely bow to him.
There was no mention of forgiveness, but somehow I had eluded Mrs. Cox's wrath, and this had transpired thanks to Fanny. I would have to offer her my gratitude, simply and non-monetarily, of course. One mustn't overstep one's own self imposed boundary.
Amelia looked pale and tired, and I had to wonder at the cup of tea at her elbow and the close proximity of the murderous Prince. I looked at my own offering with longing, but decided it would be best to stick to water and to politely complain of a lingering unwell feeling, the inference being that it was brought about by my rudeness the night before.
"I have seen some examples of Madame Spectro's work and am quite impressed," Mrs. Cox continued. Her tea was poured and she took it black, with a little lemon as was her habit, her faced soured further by the tart taste. "It was excellent of you to recommend her to me, Arthur."
"It was but a trifle," I glibly replied. I, of course, recalled no such recommendation.
"I had thought we had lost our chance to see Constance again forever. But it seems we have one last hope. I have it on additional good authority that she is a wonderful medium and this spirit photography she creates is the best in the country, if not the world. Which it should be, since she is the only one has thus far mastered it." She snatched a scone and slathered it with enough clotted cream to make a calf envious. "I admit, a proper portrait at Constance's death would have been better, but at the least we can have a record of her spirit, even it does prove to be in less clarity than I would have preferred."
"Perhaps having an image of her nestled within a spiritual cloud rather than a coffin would be preferable in any case," I offered.
I earned a stern look from Mrs. Cox in reply. I wisely sipped my water and said no more.
~*~
The arrival of Madame Spectro contained as much theatrical pomp as one would expect, accompanied as she was by her Nubian princess, the wares of her trade carried in a gold-gilded box lined with silk and fancy, foreign trims of lace. Fanny had ringed her eyes in a distinctively Egyptian fashion, all manner of jewelry draped upon her person so that she jangled as she entered the main foyer. She refused to have her shawl removed by Mrs. Brown, instead walking past her and gazing with significance up the stairs with a wide-eyed, furious expression. "I sense something has happened here," she said, her voice thick with a false Hungarian accent. She pressed the back of her hand on her forehead and closed her eyes, swaying as though going into a swoon. "A man. I see a man, not too tall, and possessing a small beard. He is bent, clutching at the rails. He is falling. Oh, it is a tragedy!" She opened her eyes and fixed their wide understanding onto Mrs. Cox as though accusing her of pushing him. "You. He knows you."
"Of course he does, he was my husband," Mrs. Cox snapped, but she was paler than usual, and was wringing her hands.
"He died on those very stairs. A sudden apoplexy, you understand. Very unpleasant." She fixed her beady eyes on me in accusation. "You keep strange company. I am not so sure we should be so enamoured with it."
"Madame Spectro, as you yourself has researched, is a well respected medium," I reminded her in hushed tones. "Do you not remember from what street she hails? Only two blocks from the palace itself, and it is rumoured she has been called upon by our Victoria herself."
Mrs. Cox was effectively appeased by this. She turned back to Madame Spectro and her servant and gave them a tight smile, accompanied by a small bow. "How very kind of you to grace our home with your illustrious presence," she said, and with her black crepe skirts rustling around her, she quickly marched into the dining room.
I hung behind and quickly put Fanny into my confidence. "How ever did you manage to know that of her husband?" I asked.
"Are you simple?" Fanny whispered back. "His portrait is the largest on the wall, and it's obvious he was sickly to start with. Pale around the lips, hollowed eyes. Signs of a poor heart. And with these bloody big stairs of hers, and how demanding she is, I'm betting he had to trudge up and down them a hundred times a day for her highness. Of course his heart would give out on the stairs." And then, as an aside. "Besides, it's common knowledge. All it took was a shred of research--a quick discussion with a former Cox scullery maid."
"Charlatan," I said, but I couldn't resist smiling.
"Hush your tongue, I've a performance to enhance," she sharply replied.
And enhance it indeed, for Fanny in the form of Madame Spectro was a mysterious, ghostlike presence whose every movement seemed to convey the calling up of another world, one which was destined to converse with us and pass both fair and unfair judgements. Though I understood her methods were entirely theatrical, I couldn't help but feel a cold shudder now and then as she glided past me, her silk robes catching upon every stray breeze and blowing about her as though she herself were a spectre. Her servant silently dressed the room in all the proper accompaniments, drowning the already close air with sandalwood incense and all manner of colourful candles. The curtains were drawn shut, ensuring no outside onlooker would gain even a hint of shadows within. To a casual observer, Sola was a simple maid doing her mistress's bidding, but having more knowledge gave me a measure of renewed respect for her careful planning. Each movement was part of the ruse, the shadows and light properly arranged for the visitation, or at least the belief in one should Madame Spectro work her clients into such a frenzy of fear and expectation that every flicker from a hidden candle in the corner created a spirit. If she were a true medium, I mused, though I doubt even now that such a thing truly does exist, how many of my own visitations would come back to haunt me? I imagined Constance Gowain, unfortunate, brash soul that she was, would be the first to enter this close, stuffy sitting room to point her long, white bony finger at me in bold accusation. 'You!' she would exclaim. 'I never wanted my bloody portrait taken! The horror of it, stuck on Lettuce Cox's wall! What the devil plan is this? If you need something hung, hang up that foolish, moustache laden murderer and put my bones back into my coffin at once!'
"An interesting party," I heard Prince Valentini say, and to my dismay Amelia had her arm crooked in his, her hand prettily patted as he escorted her into the sitting room. I followed close behind, trying to keep my scowl at bay.
"This is no party," I gravely assured him, and managed to slip Amelia from his grasp with ease. She seemed weakened, and staggered slightly as she accompanied me to the large round table Madame Spectro had set up for the purpose of calling upon the dead. A surge of panic rose within me at this, and I couldn't help but comment upon it. "My dearest Amelia, you do seem weak tonight. Pray tell, are you feeling ill? We need not participate in this if you are not feeling in the best of health."
"I'm fine," she protested. She turned her head sharply and made a motion to the young maid who had provided her own liquid spirit victuals at dinner the night before. "We could use a bit of wine, I think," she said, her voice tiny and high pitched. The maid politely bowed and left for the kitchens, no doubt to procure Amelia's request.
"You have been remarkably thirsty as of late," I sternly said to her.
Amelia blinked at this, and merely shrugged as she sat in her chair at the table, nearly toppling it over with her thick skirt and her lack of ladylike balance. "Constance loved wine," she assured me. "I don't believe she will come here without a fair amount available."
"Truer words," Fanny muttered, only to quickly regain her Madame Spectro persona again as Mrs. Cox bustled into the room, her fan opened and closed impatiently.
"Come, let us get on with it," Mrs. Cox demanded. She plunked herself beside me, the chair heaving against her weight. Mrs. Brown arrived with tea, and Mrs. Cox waved her off. "Go to the kitchen, woman, these people aren't here for a meal, they are here to raise the dead so I can get that portrait! This is no place for tea." Mrs. Brown muttered something unintelligible as she made her leave, giving Mrs. Cox's ill temper a further nudge. "The servant classes know nothing of how to properly conduct themselves in quality society. Here, now, you--Get calling and knock on that impudent Constance's coffin. All of this could have been avoided if she'd allowed us a deathbed photograph instead of being so prideful. What's taking so long, surely she can't be busy in that other realm, she certainly had nothing much to do in this physical life. She'd better not just knock on the table and consider that enough, because I've paid for her to materialize and I'll not settle for anything less. I trust Madame Spectro, that you understand your reputation rides on this? Come along, grasp my hand properly Amelia, you are as limp as a gasping fish. Will this take all that long? I'll be dead myself by the time we get this sordid business over with."
“If only,” I thought, and I doubt I was alone in that rumination.



CHAPTER FIFTEEN
The sitting room was the best area for Fanny's particular talents, and after quickly setting up with all manner of incense, exotic oriental draperies and the standard plethora of candles to give the room a well lit but eerie glow, Madame Spectro was ready to greet her otherworldly friends.
My mood was one of uncompromising fatalism. "This isn't going to work," I whispered to Fanny as she entered the sitting room.
"Hold your tongue before I chop it off in the name of the spirits," she snapped back at me when she was out of earshot of everyone. "If you have a better course of action, spit it out. As it is, I see you don't, so shut your gob and let's get on with this nonsense!" She gave Mrs. Cox a startled glare as she entered the room, the rustling sound of her black crepe skirts not unlike a pile of dead leaves. "Oh! The heavens are heavy upon you, you poor, tortured soul--I shall beg of the spirits healing and understanding, for I can see it plain upon you, the hell that is the drudgery of others' lack of respect." She gave me a sidelong glare after relating this, and I bristled against her judging scrutiny. Mrs. Cox, however, was wholly enamoured with this sympathetic fawning, and she clasped Fanny's hand so tightly I could see the skin of her fingers mottle white.
"You are an exceptionally astute person," Mrs. Cox said, and even managed to give the esteemed Madame Spectro a strained smile. Fanny gave her a strained one back, and struggled to get her hand out of Mrs. Cox's strong grip. She massaged her knuckles, easing the blood back into them with effort. Mrs. Cox gave her a long, despondent sigh, and cast a look over her shoulder at me as though I were the cause of all her suffering. "Sit over there, across from the candle. I can't stand the stench of that unbearable smoke. We are Church of England folk here, you mark this well. No potions or saints or silly burning pyres of perfumed ash for us, no purgatory or senseless admissions of guilt. We live, we die, we go to Heaven or to Hell. No in between benches to wait and sit on to waste eternity with for us."
"A very frugal religion," I said, brow raised.
Mrs. Cox, as per usual, was not amused. "I am keeping a sharp eye upon you, Mr. Endswell, for I can see there is an air of impertinence about you this evening, and that will not do, not do at all. Madame Spectro comes highly recommended to us, from the very Royal halls themselves and I trust if she is worthy enough for our Victoria, she is worthy enough for this house. You will sit beside Amelia, for she looks pale enough to haunt a ghost herself. Dear me, girl, pinch some health into your cheeks, that haggard expression of yours will not do!"
Far be it for me to suggest that Amelia's pallor was brought about by other sorts of spirits, I simply did as I was told and planted myself on the small, rickety wooden chair beside her. It was lower than the others, and highly uncomfortable, but since this was a normal feeling for me in the Cox household, I endured it. The Count was placed on her opposite side, and thus the two of us flanked her, the pale, wan, heavily inebriated Amelia Cox sitting prettily between us, her head bobbing up and down in a heroic effort to remain conscious.
"I trust this is quite an unusual experience for you, Count Valentini," I said, enjoying the nervous way he was twirling at his moustache. He was wearing an especially ornate uniform this evening, with slim fitting trousers and a blue suit jacket with the ornamentation befitting a man from a century earlier. It was all I could do to not picture him in a white wig, waving an embroidered starched hanky in feminine, dandy circles. That it was so simple to fool Mrs. Cox with this adornment was insulting to my own powers of deception, and I fear I felt my careful efforts were wasted on her narrow views.
"On the contrary, it is common for royalty to partake of such amusements," he said, believing he had saved himself. He twirled his moustache with the tips of his fingers, his seemingly Italian accent pronounced on his vowels. I considered conversing with him in his supposed mother tongue, but as this would both expose him and infuriate Mrs. Cox immediately, and thus render our play moot, I wisely refrained.
"Oh, really?" I instead asked, knowing well how he questioned my sincerity. "If that is the case, you must be a frequent visitor among those who practise spiritualism. Myself, I am no big proponent of the Supernatural Arts, and am admittedly more stagnant in my understanding of life and death. I myself have no real will to talk to corpses. But, if this is your form of amusement, I imagine it is harmless enough to those who wish to pursue it. Mind you, I wouldn't be one to engage in such activities frequently, as you have admitted." I turned to my stern hostess. "A strange hobby, don't you think so, Mrs. Cox?"
The twirling of the moustache stopped, and I gave the now very nervous Count a wide grin, one which I knew betrayed an understanding between us. Mrs. Cox was oblivious to our silent discourse, and cast me off with an impatient 'pish', her black handkerchief wiped indelicately at her nose. "One shouldn't give a whit what foreigners are capable of," she said. "They cavort with servants, bathe in the open air and are openly flirtatious with any young thing they happen to chance upon. As it was in my youth, so it is now. Their hot, sweaty hands melt the flesh of anything they can grab. Mind you, the brute strength is sometimes appreciated."
I frowned at this, wondering if I had touched upon some unpleasant scandal in Mrs. Cox's past, one which, given my understanding of her at present with her pinched face and many chins and hairy mole over her left eye, gave me a shiver of disgust to think on. I doubt very much that the late Mr. Cox, that slivered, thin slice of humanity, ever caused such a rise of face reddening passion in anyone and especially not his wife. The very thought of Mrs. Cox having such a hidden secret romance made my stomach churn in unpleasant twists.
A large camera, its accordion body pulled wide, was set in the middle of the table. We were gathered around it, hands clasped together, one in Amelia's cool, detached limp touch and the other in the Count's rather sweaty, ineffectual grip. I remained unmoved by the atmosphere of supernatural calm that overcame the table, the candles lightly flickering, the darkness in the room dimmed low with the careful turning of Sola's fingers upon the gaslight. In her role, Fanny was clearly a star. She took deep, concentrated breaths that slowed over time, her head bobbing up and down in a kind of swooning trance, her shoulders drooped and then strained, as though she were carrying a heavy burden upon her back. Many minutes went by with this preparatory performance and I could feel the impatience at the table begin to grow upon its participants. When the tension had dwindled into a pointed ennui, the medium let out a small cry and her hands dove for the camera placed on the centre of the table. With her knuckles strained, and her fingers clawed upon the camera, Madame Spectro made a great show of projecting her 'energy' upon it, her hands pressing madly over the lens, fingerprints ruining it. I noted to myself that there was a hole in the leather compartment, one large enough to destroy any film that was placed within. I chewed the inside of my cheek, and waited for Fanny to continue her overwrought pantomime.
"Oh, spirits of this house!" she moaned, and the lights were instantly dimmed, causing Mrs. Cox to gasp, and Amelia to hiccough. I wondered at this trick, and with a bit of peering into the dark, I could discern Sola, her long, nimble fingers working the strings attached to the keys on the lights, turning them in tandem. I bit down on my smile at this, and waited for Madame Spectro to continue.
"Oh come to us! To those who love you! For they are lost and forlorn and long for your mysterious company!"
The candles flickered madly. Mrs. Cox's mouth was set in a tiny 'o' of surprise and even Amelia seemed sobered by the sudden change in mood within the room.
"I feel a most terrible cold draft!" Amelia exclaimed. She shuddered. "Oh, it's travelled along my neck! Oh fierce cold!"
"I feel it too," the Count darkly replied, his countenance as icy as the sudden dip in temperature. The firelight flickered long and short, the curl of smoke from the sandalwood incense curling into strange, demonic shapes. Mrs. Cox remained unmoved, but her lips were pressed in a taut line of disapproval. She was not a woman who enjoyed drafts of any kind, and I was quite sure that at any moment we would hear her bellow to Mrs. Brown to up the fire and warm the room. Spirits or no, it was bad form to keep guests cold. But to my surprise she kept quiet, her eyes hidden behind her pinc nez as she stared into the dancing candles, flames reflected on the small round lenses.
Amelia was in a proper state of fear. Her breath was still spiced with drink, but she had come to her senses enough to grab and cling to my hand tightly, and I returned the gesture with affection. For myself, I feigned my discomfort, for I was observant enough to note that this was still part of the show, and there was nothing of any other world to fear. Certainly, if there was, I would have had it visited upon me by now, for spirits are not known for their quiet when disturbing their eternal rest. No, I had no such illusions, and thus witnessed the silent work of Sola, her dark figure obscured in shadow. In her hands was an ornate fireplace bellow, possibly the one that belonged to Mrs. Cox herself. She pushed the air at strategic points, causing the spiritual tingle of a cold, otherworldly touch. She had whetted the tip, causing a soft mist to journey with it, giving one with a slender, bared neck the feeling of fingers trailing along one's spine. Amelia let out a gasp of terror, and I held her close to me, my arm encircling her, an unconscious act of need that no doubt caused the Count great pain. He had not made the impression he thought he would, and I felt prouder of my efforts, unkind and despicable as they were.
As I comforted Amelia, I was perturbed by the atmosphere that pervaded the Cox household, its oppressive clinging to propriety overriding even the simplest of explanations. I realized that to everyone present, only those at the table were believed to be here, and there was a very wilful omission being enacted that was difficult to comprehend. Should anyone acknowledge her, Sola and her work would be plainly seen. I bit on the inside of my cheek, feeling hollow even with my coveted Amelia seeking my comfort. I gave her a few more pats of 'There, there' and pushed her back to her seat, which the affect of wine had made difficult to do. How very invisible the servant class are, I thought. They are like ghosts themselves, forgotten even when central to the well being of the houses they occupy. Sola had done well to have a mistress who took such pains to know her, and care for her enough to acknowledge her value.
I was thus thinking on this camaraderie between Fanny and her servant, the cool quiet of her assistant's demeanour layered upon Madame Spectro's wild moaning and gesticulating over the camera like an invisible balm. I glanced over at the imposter Count, wondering what he made of this spectacle, but his expression was hooded, all personal feeling concealed. I had to wonder at what kind of servant he himself possessed, and if they had the same sort of easy understanding that Fanny and Sola enjoyed.
Madame Spectro's head snapped back, and she let out a terrifying cry. Sola worked a thin straw, blowing gentle breezes onto the candles, causing them to flicker with the same mad insistence as the medium surrounding them. Mrs. Cox was rapt with attention at this performance, as was Amelia, their eyes wide with expectation.
I chanced a look at Sola, but she remained stoic and immovable, as though I witnessed nothing. A worthy servant, indeed. It would not take much to make such a loyal friend beggar down to murder if it proved necessary.



CHAPTER SIXTEEN
The spectral image of Constance Gowain, no doubt procured for other customers of Madame Spectro in the guise of their loved ones, was now properly framed in black guild, her ethereal robes billowing behind her as Heaven tried to claw her back from the land of the living. Or so it had been explained to Mrs. Cox, who was now a firm believer in the strange, magical Madame Spectro and her powers of manipulation over cameras and coated lithograph plates. All pretence aside, it was a fairly well executed portrait, and with it brought properly into focus it displayed Constance Gowain's lithographic artistry well. If the speed with which this product was procured was brought into question, one could always say the manipulation of spirits upon our physical world were mysterious and unknowable. As it was to those untrained in such mediums such as the art of light and shadow upon chemically treated paper, which is perhaps no less magical.
After the seance, I had made my leave, much to Fanny's irritation. I had no cause to remain, and had earned all the information I wanted about our imposter Count, especially after observing his reaction to Fanny's performance at the seance table. He was a rogue, no doubt about it, and a badly executed con man at that, but he was also dull and rather stupid. Given that I already knew he was no prodigy at acting, it was with some surprise that I witnessed he truly was taken in by the visitation of the spirits. His shaky excitement and exclamations afterword of how shocking and amazing such things were, with Amelia rapt at his banal descriptions of what they had just experienced was withering to my own spirit. I left hastily, hoping Mrs. Cox would take it as a feeling of displeasure at her dabbling in these forces and thus render me above the Count in her moral estimation. Fanny, however, had no idea of my own performance, as was evidenced by the rather nasty note I received the next morning. "Abandoning hope?" was the simple phrase printed on the back of her ornate gypsy calling card. I hesitated only a moment before throwing this evidence of connection into my small fireplace, and I watched the flames lick at the outline of her features before finally leaving my depressing room. My landlady ignored my departure, never looking up as I stepped over her broom. No doubt she still held some contempt for me for bringing a what she believed was a slattern to my bedside. A harsh judgement, but then the business of gentlemen were none of hers, especially of those who pretended at it yet still managed to be punctual with the rent. One must never underestimate the value of a few regularly scheduled coins. I presided at her residence with a strangely paradoxical visible invisibility, my wispy presence improved only when I acted more the part of a gentleman and gave the occasional extra tip. Lately, however, I had not been able to be generous enough, and it was this that placed me in the smoky realm of the unseen, unheard and above all, uncared for.
She should well be alarmed of the frequency of my payments, for as it stood I had precious little to give my landlady if my employment did not improve. I had even gone so far as to spy the odd cubbyhole here and there where I can spend the occasional night when lodging in this room became impossible. The scant profits I made from my American investments should keep me from starving, but a roof was a luxury that would be well beyond my means. I was living hand to grave, and without corpses to line my pockets, the latter was quickly catching up.
With this heavy burden weighing upon me, I was happy my journey to the Cox household was uneventful. It was a cool and misty evening, the kind that lined one's lungs with all manner of London soot, a clime which Dr. Grey had advised me was a silent poisoner upon the unsuspecting populace. With visions of the black speckled lungs of factory labourers pickled in jars alongside the healthy pink specimens from those who worked in the countryside, I held my scarf tight over my mouth, nearly suffocating myself as I made my way up the narrow steps to the Cox dwelling. I was welcomed with friendly open arms, and I greatly appreciated the cup of tea offered me by Mrs. Brown, for anyone with sense knows the healing properties that are inherent in a good example of these hot, steeped, dried herbs that herald from Darjeeling. "It's a terrible night for walking, Mr. Endswell. This damp has been the death of many a young lad as yourself." The wise Mrs. Brown hung up my coat and hat and gave me a curtsy as precise as her timing. She cocked her head to one side at the portrait hanging on the wall over her left shoulder. "A right punctual delivery, that," she said, her brown eyes twinkling. "One would wonder if they knew Constance before. 'Course, that would be nonsense, all the same. Madame Spectro must have a right proper lithography studio to give us such a picture so quick."
"I believe she has extensive experience in that art," I assured Mrs. Brown.
She tutted as if impatient with my folly. "Silly, fool notions! No, Sir, I know well the type, but far be it from me to tell someone else how to live their life. Myself, I've always known my place, sir. I'm not one to believe I has to hover about above it."
I wasn't sure what brought this sense of ire on, and being in a curious mood I decided to test it. "Tell me, Mrs. Brown, did you know Constance well?"
"As well as anyone can know a girl like that," she said, sadly shaking her head.
"How do you mean?" I enquired. I cast a suspicious glance over my shoulder, ensuring we were not within earshot of anyone else. Save for the floating and more sensual than angelic form of our subject, of course. "Are you telling me that Constance was not an upright lady?"
Mrs. Brown sighed and wrung her hands. She likewise glanced over her shoulders and about her, ensuring we were alone in her admission, and I had the strange sensation I was taking confession. "I'm telling you she kept strange company enough. Always running off here and there, never a mind for her appointments. Was a right thorn in Mrs. Cox's side, I can assure you that, and as a result in this house she were a problem for everybody." Mrs. Brown gave me a knowing look, one that conveyed her mistress's habit of bestowing misery upon all who surrounded her. "She were here a whole week, once, but Mrs. Cox won't tell you that, mind. Caused no end of trouble for her poor father."
"What kind of trouble?"
Mrs. Brown sighed, and wiped her hands in her apron. "Like I said, she didn't make friends with the right sort. She made a right acquaintance with a scullery maid what works here, if you must know. They was always laughing and whispering over something, enough to drive a proper body, like myself, mad, let alone Mrs. Cox. She managed to keep it a secret from the old bird, but the rest of us in the kitchens knew it well enough."
"That's quite a drop from one's station," I agreed.
"I don't know what she saw that was so fascinating in that girl. You couldn't even hardly understand a word she said. One of those imports, you know. Hungarian or Russian or some such little thing. She's cleaned up her act some, and she's risen above enough to be allowed out of the kitchen, but I still haven't a lick of trust in her," Mrs. Brown said, tutting her disapproval. "I'm loathe to say it, especially as one shouldn't speak ill of the dead and all, but having Miss Gowain's picture hanging out front like this makes my skin all crawly." She shook her head in genuine sadness. "I tell you Mr. Endswell, I speak the God's truth. I have no proof of it, but I had the feeling Miss Gowain had some trouble with the poppy."
My alarm was evident, enough for Mrs. Brown to hush it with a firm press of her finger against her lips. "I'm speaking out of turn, I'm so sorry..."
"No," I protested. Then, grasping her shoulders firmly and fixing my gaze upon hers, I bid her the acknowledgement she deserved. "This is very important, Mrs. Brown. You do not know this but I am in the midst of..." A hasty step on stairs further on in the house gave me pause, and I waited until it had abated, and it was plain we were still alone. "I am investigating an issue that is plaguing this house and my own conscience, the details of which I cannot yet tell you. Whatever you have to relate, please, do so knowing it is in full confidence."
Mrs. Brown was clearly not so sure of this, but she relented. "Listen plain, if you can deign it from the likes of a lowly servant such as myself. Constance Gowain made friends with that scullery maid and sent her on regular errands to the apothecary every morning before tea. I don't know what she paid the girl, because even friendship has its price, but she refused to tell a soul what was bought for her." Mrs. Brown wiped her brow with the back of her hand and cast a guilty glance at Constance's portrait. "Perhaps I'm wrong, and she truly did have an illness, and didn't tell a soul of it. I know the poppy can be a cure and harm and it's hard to see when the line be so blurred. You see the trouble I has in my own conscience. I may have erred in my judgement of her. I imagine our Lord will do a much better job than I."
There was a heartbeat between us, one that was unsteady and prone to absurd rhythms. "Are you certain of this?"
"I witnessed her take this 'medicine' herself, many a time," Mrs. Brown bitterly related. "She was always in a strange state afterwards. Brighter, filled with spirit. But things changed, as illness presses on. I could see she was getting weaker, even though she was taking her medicine and seemed to function the same."
Mrs. Brown left me, then, her heart troubled. I had no manner of informing her that her suspicions were not only correct, but shed a ghastly light on an already gruesome business. Constance Gowain had been poisoned twice over, by herself and then by the procurer of her opiates. The only question remaining in this was that ever present, nagging statement: Why?



CHAPTER SEVENTEEN
With my heart heavy, I entered the dining room when bid, my gloom following me like a sentient cloud. The setting felt unreal to me as I pondered the many layers of deceit that I had inadvertently traipsed upon, the spectre of Constance's tormented, guilty soul clinging at me from her portrait. I could see, now that it had been revealed, the hint of her malaise in the hollowed shadows of her eyes, and the glazed pinpricks of her pupils. I did not know if Fanny knew of Constance's addiction to opium, but since the subject had not been broached and I saw no evidence that Fanny herself currently indulged in such potions, I erred on the side of Fanny's sobriety. Constance had gained the confidence of the lowest servant to secure her access to that black poison of the Far East, and it was possibly this servant that also orchestrated her demise by lacing the tincture with an unknown, more deadly substance. But why a scullery maid who had been by all accounts her friend would commit such an abominable act was a mystery between them both. I promised myself I would make time to interview her, for Mrs. Brown indicated she was still in the employ of the Cox household, though her station had not risen by any significant amount even among servants.
At the dinner table, neatly arranged with a starched white tablecloth and pleasant, brightly coloured fruits arranged in large, delicious bouquets, Amelia sat beside me, while the false Count sat opposite her. I barely noticed the large helping of wine Amelia was immediately served, and the pale, disappointed glance of the Count in my direction was also ignored. There were far worse things in this life than the tired antics of a teetotaller, even if the participant was a wealthy young heiress whose conduct should be one of patient temperance.
The roast was delivered, decked out as it always was with potatoes and other root vegetables, its aroma mouthwatering. However, as was common under this roof, such pleasantries were not meant to be enjoyed so much as endured. Mrs. Cox waved her pudgy hand in impatience, shouting, "Really, Mrs. Brown, can you not see the folly in this! Turnips before the roast! One must appreciate expectation--We are not like these hot blooded Mediterranean fools who jump upon their meals with all the passion of a lion gutting a zebra! Turnips, Mrs. Brown!"
The Count, even as a false one, was clearly getting tired of Mrs. Cox's continued prejudices, his ruse slipping as he poked at his empty plate with his fork, his expression one of annoyed boredom. Amelia's already empty glass was refilled, and to my surprise the Count motioned for another for himself. No fear of poisoning, then, but I had already guessed this during the Count's romantic view of conjuring spirits. He was a dull and superstitious soul, not one predisposed to think out a murder as masquerading as a Count took all of his intellectual capacity--which was seriously dim. Amelia had been safe all along.
What wasn't safe, however, was my feeling of security in my superior relationship with Fanny Sainten. That Constance was a confidence trickster as much as my acquaintance was clear, however, I was faced with the now disturbing realization that Fanny could likewise be complicit in these murderous actions through her own associations. Surely she must have gained knowledge of Constance's opiate addiction and this must have affected their working relationship. How far she had delved into this particular abyss with Constance was as yet unknown, a variable which troubled me greatly.
The varieties of human pleasures suddenly felt, to me, as hollow as thin dry reeds, and my meal instead of mouth watering was now reduced to a serving of boiled water and thin gruel to my discontented palate. I glanced at Amelia, who was nodding woozily over her plate, and at the indomitable Mrs. Cox, who was prattling on about the state of her silverware and the reproach her servants were set to bear. I saw them all as they truly were, bank notes ill received and just as thin and papery in depth of character. Should I turn that scrutiny upon myself, perhaps I would find a likewise shallow understanding, one of surface longings and no thought for other, grander things beyond the self, those things that the dead find themselves peacefully indebted. Perhaps this was what Constance saw herself, for who better to see the illusions of one's life than one who practises them as a mode of enterprise? It must have been terribly depressing for her, and I don't wonder that her soul, troubled by these shallow waters she was forced to swim in, tried to drown itself in a deeper source of melancholy.
I could bear it no longer, and I coughed into my handkerchief, and made as though my stomach were pained. "I'm terribly sorry. I'm not well," I said, and I bowed to Mrs. Cox and the rest of her guests with as much dignity as a seemingly dying man could muster.
The false Count took no notice of my hasty leave from the table, his conniving ways a mirror to my own, and leaving a sore blight upon my troubled soul. From his scant conversation it was clear he was not an especially intelligent man, and certainly not one capable of orchestrating a series of loosely connected murders without being caught. The fingers pointing in his direction were far too shaky with their own inebriation to suggest he was anything other than a scapegoat for those lowest of immoral criminal demons.
I decided Fanny Sainten had much to answer for, and a proper interrogation was in order, a question and answer session performed by that most corrupt and criminally knowledgeable of beings: A London Detective Inspector. Of course, going to the police meant I put my own livelihood and neck in danger, but I knew that if I approached them first it would be my word, that of a gentleman, that would interest them far more than that of a floozy gypsy criminal who had traipsed the globe on the false pretence of the supernatural. I bid my companions at the table a hurried good-bye, one which caught the indomitable Mrs. Cox off guard, her muttering over my apparent rudeness quickly turning into haughty outrage. "Imagine, such impertinence!" she said to Count Valentini. "He never so much as touched a turnip!"
The Count fingered his grand moustache thoughtfully, but said nothing and continued downing yet another tumbler of wine. I left him to his fate with Amelia, only the smallest tug of regret haunting me over the loss of her sizable dowry, for certainly such involvement in criminal affairs would be my undoing. Having police inspectors crawling over her home would be an instance of profound embarrassment for Mrs. Cox, one which she would not be able to live down for several generations. I took great comfort in this, my plan already forging itself into a solid reality. I tried to envision myself walking up to the nearest Bobby and announcing that I am aware of a criminal enterprise involving spirits, disinterred graves and gross indecencies committed upon a human body.
Needless to say, my resolve dissipated immediately. There would be other avenues to vex my concerns, not the least of which was a pointed interview between Fanny and myself, wherein I would demand all answers.
I truly was feeling queasy at that immediately dismissed notion of going to the police, and with this lingering feeling in my gut I gathered my coat and left the house, heedless of Mrs. Brown's fretting, which I am loathe to say, I was uncharacteristically rude in my haste from her. I could only hope she understood that I was unwell, and as such was absolved of those niceties of hellos and goodbyes that constrain our fleeting moments in one another's company into long, drawn out harangues of torture. I had avoided this, and had only made my way down the steps to the street when a frantic voice called my name, its insistence hoarse and ethereal beneath the flickering gaslight of the street lamp.
"Mr. Endswell, you must help us!"
I peered along the dark street, looking from left to right in an attempt to discern who had addressed me, but no shadow hinted as to the owner of the voice. So, at last, the spirits have finally decided to call upon me, knowing my face and my spade as well as they do. Shuddering, I hugged my coat closer around me and fixed the rounded shape of my black felt hat upon my head. A fever was assailing me, I was sure. A cup of strong tea with a shot of brandy within was a likely cure.
"Mr. Endswell! Please!"
I paused, for I knew this voice, though the panic evident in it at present was a novel injection. I braced myself before a dark alley between two neighbouring houses, the black confines within holding its occupant in shrouded secrecy. "Your ruse is ended," I said to her. "You can tell your mistress I know well what she has done, and I intend to go to the police. It was an excellent scheme you both devised, I can appreciate that, but while I myself am no stranger to devils, I abhor any connection to the grave other than with a spade, and if you have hurried your friend Constance's demise along with a poison added to her already deadening opiates, then you are a worse beggar than those who steal from the shrivelled aged widows who line this squatting, ugly city's poorhouses. A good-bye to you and yours, I have no intention of speaking with either of you again."
But my confidence in this insistence was broken when Sola broke free of the dark shadows in the alley and came into the light of the street. Her cool facade had been stripped of its noble ruse and a frantic, worried countenance had taken its place. "My mistress is gone!" she said, her voice cracking in sobbing distress.
"Surely this is no business of mine," I coldly replied.
"You don't understand," Sola said. She pulled out a piece of paper she had tucked into her skirt and handed it to me. It was dirty, and once had been used to advertise some insanely useless contraption presented at the Great Expedition. On the back was written a note, the letters scrawled in a childish hand that was clearly unused to holding a quill.
"Yu got midnite affer shes gon. $25,000 pounds. Leef it at thu Whitchapil Semitary--Look for thu Grey Grav, and mybee yu get hur in tym."
I looked up at Sola in alarm, the illiterate cypher easily decoded. "When did you get this?" She shook her head, overwhelmed as she was by panic and grief. "I found it slipped in the front door, through the mail slot. It's so horrible, I've no understanding of it! Who would want to wish Fanny harm, there's been no complaints, no ill will. Her customers always go away feeling eased of grief." She wiped at her cheeks with the back of her hand, which was no longer steady and cool, but was shaking, the protruding veins upon its surface belied a long life of hard labour and suffering . "Please, sir, please help us! I've no one else to turn to!"
I checked my pocket watch, Sola's alarm infecting me.
Eleven-thirty. We had scant little time to save her.



CHAPTER EIGHTEEN
I had no intention of handing over £25,000 pounds to this scoundrel, just as I knew the villain had no intention of keeping Fanny alive. Besides, the sum was well beyond my means, and it was a surety that who ever held her captive was aware of this. The immediacy of the timing concerned me, for if the murderer had decided to end her with a less complicated means than poison, the cemetery was set to be a bloody scene indeed. Visions of Fanny's skull crushed in on one side burned into my consciousness, as did massive stab wounds through her lungs and heart, or perhaps a garrotting of wire around her neck, or a simple, bloodless strangling. Having seen enough convicts and victims in Dr. Grey's laboratory, I knew the look of those corpses well enough. It left a harrowing feeling in my soul to know Fanny had likely found such a terrible fate.
I did not relate my knowledge to the distraught Sola, whom I sent to my boarding house, with instructions to my landlady that she be kind and accommodating to her. Stout and unforgiving as my landlady was, I knew her to be a woman of evangelical compassion who would never turn away a soul in need of comforting. Thus, I proceeded to the meeting place alone, the minutes ticking brutally by with every hurried step I took to make my way to Whitechapel.
The note irked me, for its cryptic, ill-spelled message bespoke of a cunning sort of lower classman, a brute who wielded an uncompromising power over his subordinates. The 'grey grave' indeed, for weren't they all covered in that steel mist, white markers stained black at the edges and earning that slow, coverlet of London pollutants. With the minutes to midnight ticking ever so much closer, I closed the iron gate of the Whitechapel Cemetery behind me with care, the click of the lock barely audible beneath the thick wall of mist that covered the graves. No worse time could this thick blanket have arrived, for it was impossible to discern the shapes of tombstones, let alone their monotonous colour, seeking without hope for that elusive and yet plentiful 'grey grave'.
Granted, my prey did not know of my experience in this garden of the dead, at least this was my hope. I had immediately assumed that this macabre meeting place was more to do with Fanny's occupation than my own, a fact cemented by the fact the note had been written with her servant in mind. There was a thought that perhaps it was Sola herself who had orchestrated this strange act of betrayal, but I immediately dismissed the idea. She had been too genuinely distressed over Fanny's capture and disappearance, all pretence of noble birth gone and a distinctly Caribbean inflection invaded her speech. With her ruse gone, all was revealed, at least to my estimation. Fanny was Sola's bosom friend, and vice versa. The bonds of friendship are usually far stronger than those of family.
"Fanny!" I called out into the thick wall of mist, my voice choking back on me with every effort. "Fanny! Where are you?"
A futile effort in communication, I knew, but my exposition served a dual purpose; I was keen to let our enemy know I was here, and in my panic would be willing to bargain. I waited for a few moments for an answer, but the rogue offered none. The clanging of shovels echoed across the cemetery, and I followed them, my steps heedless of those flowers and tombstones and freshly dug graves I traversed across.
"You, there!" I shouted to them, and the shovelling ceased. It was with some relief that I noted they were the usual rabble come to collect the spoils of death in the form of jewellry and quality lace, if it could be properly cleaned. The one younger lad pulled off his cap and gave me a suspicious bow.
"Evening, sirrah," his portly, and dirtier companion replied. He grinned, showing a row of filthy, gapped and black teeth that would have difficulty eating porridge. "Not a good night for us gravediggers, but then, I suppose it's right enough for spirits."
"I have no patience for your excuses," I put to them, bluntly. I stood on the edge of this freshly interred grave and glared down at them from above. "Tell me, have you seen anything untoward happening this evening?"
"Nothing at all, sirrah," was the bland reply. "We just be hard working lads, is all."
"I've no time for your foolish pretence," I informed him, and I could hear the rush of blood seep from his face as he stood terrified in the grave, convinced I was an inspector come to lead him to the gallows. "I care nothing of your real purpose and frankly, I doubt the dead are all that disturbed themselves. What I need to know, from you both very astute and observant gentleman, is if there was any of your ilk that happened into this revered place with a body that isn't quite as dead as its neighbours would like."
The elder gravedigger looked at his companion with alarm, and he scuttled along with the youth out of the grave, hands and knees thickly lined with mud. "Are ye saying there's a raising of the dead?" He made a sign of the cross over his chest, and bid a hasty retreat from me. "I no be a part of this. No, sirrah, I'm a God fearing man, I don't deserve to be part of this judgement!"
"I have no designs upon what happens to your souls, you damnable fools!" I exclaimed. "What pointless gatherings you gain from these desiccated and rotted slabs of meat is of no concern of mine--I am talking of foul murder, you scavenging beasts! Who has come through here since you were hidden in the depths of this grave?"
It was the younger who winced and stuttered a reply, his cap in his hand, his jaw lined with dirt, his eyes wide with fear, hunger and desperation. "There was only a couple of mourners, sir," he said, bowing in respect, the shadows of the grave overtaking him. "Two women, it were, leaning on one another's shoulders. Carrying the burden of sorrow, like, a common enough sight."
I was greatly intrigued. "Which way did they go?"
He pointed with his cap still clinging tight in his hand, ignoring the pointed disapproval of his fellow man. "Towards that mausoleum on the south side. I'm sure that's where they got to."
"I am much obliged to you," I said, and turned to make my haste.
"Stop there, Sirrah!" the elder pleaded. "We've given you good enough what you were wantin'." He held out a grimy palm. "It's got to be worth some coin on you."
"I will pay you amply, but I cannot at present," I informed him. I knew these men, though they were base and dirty, for they weren't so far from myself. I had to wonder how many mouths were waiting for them to sustain in their grubby homes, tiny cubbyholes where rats weren't fit to live. The younger of the two seemed able bodied enough, and had none of the familiar aroma of drink about him, and it was he who had provided me with the most important information. "I will return a fortnight from now, if all goes well."
"Bah! All this talk for nuthin'! Go on, Bob, get your shovel going, this tosser's not worth more than a minute more. We'll see daylight before we ever get so much as a ha'penny."
"Will you be back here?" the younger, Bob, replied.
"It is a sound promise."
"Bah! You're a fool." The old gravedigger began his grisly work, his shovel hitting the shin of his partner. "Dust to dusk my friend."
I turned away from them, the sounds of their shovels hitting soft earth the only other sign of life within the cold, misted confines of the Whitechapel cemetery. It was overcrowded and greasy place, where bodies were sometimes stacked two, even three at a time, the poverty stricken graves in this section fresh with entire families done in by the latest scourge of cholera. I held a handkerchief at my mouth and continued to the upper south side, where the graves of those with more to offer than their mere miserable existence possibly held clues to Fanny's whereabouts. Two women, leaning on one another for support--A likely image in this murky landscape, one which could easily be misconstrued. That a murderess was dragging a limp body to a hidden repose was no less ordinary here, I am sure. But a body is a heavy, leaden object, and it would be difficult for even the slightest corpse to be dragged so expertly. My murderess had a degree of strength that was not part of any upper class. Strong arms, fierce restitution. Someone practised in long hard labour, one used to hauling heavy objects regularly and forcing them to her will.
Strong arms, used to prolonged work. Like the work of a scullery maid, perhaps.
The grey mausoleum was now in my sights and I could see the flicker of a candle held within. I broke into a run, heedless of the dead whom I trod underfoot, my limbs nimbly avoiding the various levels of headstones that littered my path. I had ten scant minutes left, and there was little I could hope for. The illiterate creature who had taken her no doubt had a strange, uncanny knowledge of timing, and I had to wonder if the misspellings upon the slip of paper were a ruse to deflect my suspicions. I gathered it up out of my pocket again as I headed for the mausoleum, the words obscured by creeping shadows from the gloomy, overhanging trees. 'The gray grav'--Yes, this monument was a suitable shade. The lock had been forced open, and the iron gate swung wide. I pushed it in with a clatter against the stones, my kerchief at my mouth to hold in whatever feelings of horror I was about to experience.
But it was strangely quiet, and peaceful within the tomb. There was no sign of vandalism, no outward rage. Simply the sleeping body of Fanny Sainten decked out in her usual medium's garb, a series of small candles and ornamental flowers arranged artfully around her.
Shoving the offensive piece of paper into my pocket, I approached her, the coffin serving as her bed already occupied and thankfully closed, so she was elevated onto a not very comfortable ebony platform. I could discern no breath escaping her body, nor any flicker of life about her. Ignoring the lack of decorum this represented, I placed my hand on her heart, fingers searching. There, scant, but present, a heartbeat that came and went at such a softly beating interval it was as if it too was ready to yawn and fall into a deep, impermeable sleep.
I snatched her up into her my arms, her limp limbs swaying in unladylike akimbo. I was luckily in my usual element at this side of the cemetery, and I was able to discern the black outline of the coachman at his usual post, waiting in the off chance that Dr. Grey would find himself a new guest. I nearly tripped over the half sunk tombstones as I ran to him, Fanny heavy and cold and dead in my arms. I fear I did not use my usual skulking methodology that the coachman had long expected of me. If I had known his name, I would have angrily shouted it until it echoed down every quiet London street.
"To the cottage!" I shouted at him, hoping against hope that Dr. Grey would still be there at his usual haunt in his laboratory, tirelessly working over some pickled liver or heart. "Make haste! She'll die here and now if we don't get there immediately!"
The coachman merely shrugged at this, as though life and death were of no consequence. In fairness to him, it was never his role to host the living. As a hired grim reaper, his sole purpose, one he'd been fashioned for since birth, was the slow, languishing ride of the dead.
We fell into the misty London night, the black horse's hooves echoing upon the wet cobblestones. Eventually, the mist swallowed us, until there was nothing left but a gas lit street and the cold, empty feeling that the world behind us was an abandoned one.



CHAPTER NINETEEN
My hasty retreat to the lairs of Dr. Grey were not, as I had expected, treated with the sense of urgency that Fanny's condition warranted. My insistence to the dark coachman that he push his horses faster was met with cold resistance. When I pressed that this was a life or death situation, again he presented me with naught but a stony silence, one that suggested if I did not halt my tongue, murder would not be as far from his mind as I should like. My protracted reticence was a difficult request for Fanny was growing increasingly pale in my arms. With every minute that passed, with its slow, relentless climb, she fell further into pallor until, when we at last reached the cottage door, her breath was so shallow it could easily be mistaken for a final sigh of death.
Dr. Grey was none too pleased to see us, and made his annoyance at our visit clear. "I am not een thee habit of zeeing live patients. Nein! It does not matter how close to death they are!"
"She is not here for your blasted dissection!" I hoisted her off the coach, and pulled her with effort into the ammonia tainted air of his laboratory. The coachman kept his vigil, and never looked back at us. "This is Fanny Sainten, the pupil you always wanted, as I recall. She's been poisoned--You must save her!"
With a sigh that belied his lack of care of the situation, Dr. Grey bid me to bring her to one of his slabs, his tiny eyes squinting at the pitiable creature the poison had reduced her to. "I am not een zee habit of miracles." He pinched his glasses further up his nose and carefully watched the difficult, slow breaths that forced their way through Fanny's slight body. He scratched behind his ear, and then poked his finger between her lips, his nails grazing her gums. Though I am a gentleman in name only, it was all I could do to not attack him then and there, and give his undeserved arrogance a good bellow from my fist to his tiny, rat like ear. "The circulation is very poor," he continued, and then turned away from his subject to rummage among his papers and beakers behind him on a long wooden shelf. "Still, all is not lost. Her lack of circulation is remarkable, but perhaps with a stimulant to enervate the veins, there is the possibility, however slight, of a full recovery."
He rummaged through his crowded shelves, where dissected frogs and piglets seemed to point the way with their hooves and oddly human, outspread hands. "I have seen such a thing once before, ja, utilized by the voodun. It of African origin, along the southernmost coast. I have seen, with mine own eyes, how their powder, cultivated from some unknown plant, renders their victim not unlike a animated mannequin. Eet is disturbing, ja, ja. All will and knowledge of the self drained away. Ach, do not be so glum, my good friend! This will not be our fair Fanny Sainten's fate. After all, she is fortunate to be above ground for her incarceration, and as luck would have it, I have plenty of antidote still left from my African visits."
He pulled out a large box from underneath the lowest shelf on the right. It was covered in spiders and dust, which he blew off with a thick puff of his cheeks. His slow, laborious attitude grated on every fibre of my being, and it was all I could do not to grab him in an attempt to shake some hurry into his work.
"What do you mean by fortunate?" I cautiously asked him.
He gave me a knowing look that sent shivers through me. "You found her above ground, did you not?"
"I had no need for a spade."
"I have seen the work of this poison, but it is not usually presented to me in such a fresh manner." He remained cryptic on the subject, and instead focused his attention on the wooden box he had dug out from beneath his crowded cupboards. He opened it with effort, the hinges creaking against long neglect. "Still, it is a pity. I have only had zee opportunity to rescue such a victim as this once before. Reanimation ees a fascinating subject. Ja, fascinating. He had been buried for a whole week."
"She will be dead much longer than that if you don't start saving her!"
He tutted at this, shaking his round, wild haired head in dismay at my folly. "This is why you would be a poor student for me, my friend. No patience. You don't know how to watch and learn, you want to flap, flap away with the gums, yes?" He rummaged through his box until his found what he was looking for--A very large piece of rubber tubing and along with this a once clear glass bottle, now yellowed with age and grime. He groaned a little over this before pulling out several other bottles of equally suspicious hues. "Eet seems to have dried up a little. I only hope it is not too ripe for her. Pity, this." He shook his head, saddened. "Do you think, Mr. Endswell, I should have hired a housekeeper? I need someone to keep my theengs in order. Ees not guud for a man to keep house, even in a laboratory. He eez ill equipped."
I bit my tongue until it bled. On the slab, Fanny was as grey as death itself.
He combined some of the mixtures and then, to my horror, procured a massive, brass syringe which he dipped into it, drawing its entirety into the cylindrical instrument. Half of it was released back into the bottle, only for Dr. Grey to shake his head, and ponder, and nod as he drew its contents back in again, draining the bottle completely.
"That seems quite a hefty dosage." The syringe looked large enough to worry a horse, let along a frail human being. I stood protectively beside Fanny. "I'm not so sure of this."
"Eet will work don't worry," Dr. Grey poo-pooed me, his free hand waving me aside. "If it doesn't cure her, it will be her death anyway. Zere is no exact measurement for theez things, it is a tincture impossible to create with any degree of accuracy."
"You could kill her!"
"She is already dying, so vat is your complaint? I have told you of the risks. Her death is God's will, I am absolved of eet, do you hear me? I am absolved!"
I cringe even now at the memory of that massive syringe poised at Fanny's neck, the tip dripping with that caustic potion that was set to seal her fate either in the morgue or beneath the soft earth of Whitechapel. I made a silent prayerful promise that I would never allow her to become one with Dr. Grey's scalpel, that she would get a proper burial, that those who mourned her would know far rand wide of how she had been so cruelly cut down in her prime.
"Stop!" I shouted. I grabbed his arm before he could stab the syringe into the pulsing artery of her neck.
"She is pinkening," Dr. Grey said, confused. He placed his ugly monstrosity of a tool aside and checked her pulse with his fingertips. "Her heart is beating stronger. Her veins are opening up." To both his and my own shock, Fanny began to stir where she lay, her arm raised as she brought the back of her hand to her now warming forehead. He nodded his head sagely and began putting away his instruments, sighing over the fact he had not had an opportunity to use them. "She is very lucky. Clearly, our murderer has some idea of poisons, but eez not an expert. Vat she is suffering is a paralysis caused by some chemicals used in gypsy conjurings, of Russian origins, ja, ja. They are not as powerful as the African varieties. She will recover. Good news, ja?"
Good news...Is that what this is called, this pale half-life that is slowly awakening, the long effects of the poisoning not yet knowable. Fanny stirred, and to to our mutual wonder regained her senses, her forehead creased into white ridges that I brushed with interest with my fingertips. To my horror, she still retained that corpselike greasiness, a strange, rubbery texture not unlike oily oysters when they are freshly shucked from their shells. "My head," she complained, her voice barely audible. "It aches something terrible."
"I have ze remedy for that," Dr. Grey sagely informed her, but I stopped him as he began his rummaging among the bottles on his shelves, my former assurance of his prowess as a man of medicine seriously compromised.
"No more of your cures."
~*~
I was not content to leave Fanny alone in Dr. Grey's dubious care, and thus sought out Sola, informing her of her mistress's condition, which of course caused no end of relief to this sensitive soul. She had spent the night alone in the dark confines of the kitchen, every shadow jumping out at her in pressing meaning. I regretted leaving her alone in this state, the worry of it having worn down her fear enough to merely glance at the black, imposing form of the coachman and his chariot, the stench of death about it not deterring her from her duty with her employer and friend. Pleas of who had committed this act were to be left as a question, however, for Fanny had not seen her attacker, having been attacked from behind. A muslin cloth soaked in chloroform had rendered her unconscious. I told her of Dr. Grey's belief that the poison was of gypsy extraction, a tidbit of information that had immediate connections for Sola.
"There is no wonder she survived, then." Sola wrung her hands in worry, her long, lean posture upright and stiff. She glanced over her shoulder at the coachman who ignored us both as if we were invisible, his sole concentration for the sun that was threatening to creep upon the horizon. He was a creature made of shadows, and I had to half wonder if the brightness of dawn would actually make him disappear. "Miss Sainten has many friends among the gypsy clans," Sola continued. "If they had a hint that harm was to come to her, they would halt it the best way they knew how."
"A two-sided confidence trick."
"They are thieves and rogues, but I have never known them to resort to the murder of one they consider highly. Fanny has knowledge she has put to use for them. Medical knowledge she stole when working as a maid at the university. She has used it on occasion to help the poor and sick."
"How very charitable," I said, but I was suspicious of this, for there was a double meaning to her good works. Fanny was skirting dangerously close to the gypsy mode of living with her dabbling among the dead. What better way to secure one's position among competitors than to offer them cures that actually work? "I understand they are a tight knit group, one which does not easily allow for outsiders. Which only proves that anyone who sold the poison used for harming Fanny is also very familiar with the attempted murderer."
"We shall have to enquire," Sola began in earnest, but I waved this idea away.
"Unnecessary." I steepled my fingers and pressed them tight against my lips. When I answered her unspoken question, it was through this bony filter. "This circle is becoming smaller by the minute. There are two people very close to Fanny, and coincidence would have it, to myself as well. The first is a rather falsely royal one."
"We are back to the Count," Sola said, her own suspicions clearly vindicated.
"Perhaps," I said, for there was still a layer of doubt hovering in my understanding. I thought back on my time at the Cox household, and wondered how the fair-haired angel of temperance was doing beneath its ornate ceilings and brilliantly polished floors. "But I do believe there is another acquaintance. One whom I have met more than once."



CHAPTER TWENTY
If Mrs. Cox was annoyed with the lateness of my arrival, she did not make it immediately plain. I was ushered in wordlessly by Mrs. Brown, who gave me such a look as to suggest that I tread carefully around the darkness of her mistress's mood. I was in no humour to harbour this pretence, I tempted Mrs. Cox's ire by ushering her guest, Count Valentini, over one seat to my side, with Amelia placed directly across from us both. "Do forgive me!" I cheerfully exclaimed. "That draft from the corner has pursued me for the very last time!"
Mrs. Cox's black satin skirts rustled like dead leaves as she shoved her fat body into her chair, her ornate bustle impeding her comfort. "You've had no such complaint before," she harped at me.
"I believe there is an ill wind of late," I told her. My smile felt so fixed I feared my cheeks would crack.
She was not impressed with this vague information and gave me a fierce, quizzical glare over her tiny pinc nez spectacles. She ushered in her servants with more haste than usual, and they swooped upon the dinner table like ravens taken to a carcass. Soup tureens were arranged delicately, plates of sandwiches, carefully roasted vegetables, mouth watering meats. The meal was colourful and delectable, a worthy feast for a worthy man of royalty. A pity that no such person was present.
The Count sat across from me, his expression blank, unreadable. Beside him, Amelia was in a likewise bland state, one made incurable by the very large goblet of wine she continuously sipped from. I reached across the table and scandalously patted Amelia's knuckles with naked affection. "You look so pale. So very wan, my dear. I should hope your choler improves as the night wears on."
"Mr. Endswell," Mrs. Cox warned, her beady eyes fixed on the lingering touch of my fingers on her charge's skin.
"It is a strange night. I feel in a queer mood," I admitted, still cheerful. I glanced up at Constance's portrait, my grin affixed and wide. "Ah, she is still with us, is she? I should half wonder if the woman ever has the pressing need to leave." I gave a warm, charming smile to my beloved Amelia. "How very fetching you are this evening. Your gown is such a lovely shade of green."
"It's yellow," she corrected me.
"A rather mossy version," I pressed.
This caused the usual vain pique within her that I was looking forward to, and I was quite happy when she glanced over her shoulder to the maid, who stood with the bottle of victuals ready for her mistress's consumption. The wine was brought immediately to Amelia's glass, a move I halted with an outstretched hand over the top of its wide rim.
"I have to wonder at this vintage," I said to the servant, who stood, bless her, stock still and blank as I took the bottle from her hands. "Rather fascinating, the journey this particular bottle has taken, don't you think so, my dear Amelia?" I did not allow her to snatch the bottle back, but instead gave its contents a sniffing perusal. As I had suspected, this was not the watered down collection Mrs. Cox kept in her dusty, cobweb ridden cellar, the contents so diluted a gnat couldn't find happiness in an entire vat let alone a drop. "How very odd. There is a certain fruity spice to it, a very unusual, strong tincture. If one didn't know better, it could be said this bottle is full to the brim with quality, home brewed grappa. Strong, and bitter and prone to making the occasional teetotaller blind."
"Such nonsense," Mrs. Cox spat. "That's the water of gypsy peasants. Those vile spirits never visit us here."
"Perhaps not those," I said, my eyes never leaving Amelia, nor the paling Count Valentini at her side, or even the silent and calculating servant. My eyes narrowed as I regarded the trio. "Poor, dear Constance. I don't believe she ever knew how much she was dearly loved. Her fiance was truly devastated, doubly so. He was sure she had another suitor."
"Such rude conduct, speaking this way of the dead! What do you mean by it?" Mrs. Cox exclaimed. She stabbed at the meat on her plate with a fork. "In any event he has joined her, so hold your tongue."
"Really? He seemed fit enough when I met him."
"He had an illness of the heart," Mrs. Cox said. She stabbed at the round flesh of her potatoes. "The cure came with a support beam and a short piece of rope."
I felt a twinge of sickness at this, a sensation of ill knowledge that only confirmed I trust my suspicions. "So two are dead. A shame. I imagine there was only supposed to be one."
"Unfortunate things happen," Amelia sourly replied. I took no heed of her foul mood and instead went so far as to pour myself a healthy helping of her gypsy grappa. It burned down the back of my throat with a pleasant forcefulness. I tipped the bottle towards Amelia and her glare ensured she, too, had an ample offering. "Poor Constance. A pity her other suitor came to her so often, in the guise of the poppy. I doubt that would have stopped her from enjoying this too, however. I'm sure she would have been more than happy to get as soused as you are."
"Enough, Mr. Endswell!" Mrs. Cox made a hasty motion with her hand that made the fat of her upper arm flap wildly, like a fleshy wing. "Mrs. Brown, if you will escort Mr. Endswell from our table, take him to the door and ensure he has his coat, and his hat and whatever other accruetements he has brought with him. A scarf would be a kind charity, as he will find his evenings quite chilly from now on!"
The harried Mrs. Brown looked from myself to her mistress, her alarm pronounced. She hesitated to do as she was told, and her voice was firm and unwavering, an injection of sanity against childish railing. "I see of no reason to be so hard, Missus. Look at the heat of his face, it's clear he's mad with fever. If he were out of line, a simple scolding should do, seeing as how he's such a fixture here."
"Lamps are fixtures as well, and just as easily replaced," Mrs. Cox acidly replied.
"Really, Mrs. Brown, it is kind of you to be so concerned but I am perfectly willing to leave the table of a gathering of charlatans, of which I am given to understand our Count Valentini is a member."
"Scandalous talk!" Mrs. Cox exclaimed. "Turn him out, I say! Out!"
But I would not be so easily silenced. "There are some in this city who doubt the veracity of Count Valentini's existence, and I am afraid I am among their number. It was all a matter of going to the police station and making a general enquiry concerning our Count, his appearance, and his mannerisms. I was told to be very cautious, and wary of this man for he fits the description of a rogue impersonating a royal personage when in fact he is nothing of the sort."
"You get baser by the minute! Take no account of him, dear Count."
"Oh, but he should," I said evenly to Mrs. Cox, who was swollen and miserable in her cramped seat at the table, a halo of black satin about her. "For I was also informed by this same inspector that these sorts of ruses require a special level of support by those who practise the criminal arts. Our Count may be nothing more than a low level confidence man, but those around him are dangerous indeed. In fact, one might even suspect they hope to catch him in a devious scheme of their own. One that involves blackmail and the knowledge of his sidelong pursuits."
The Count paled at this, and regarded his wine glass with wary suspicion. I sat back in triumph, for they had chosen their dupe with care, and it was only with careful consideration that he gathered what I was telling him. "One has to be so careful about one's company. There is always the risk of being poisoned by the nefarious acts of unscrupulous people." I took another long swig of the grappa, its bite making me shiver with pleasure. "Wonderful. Such a marked taste, but prone to leave a bitterness on the tongue. I hear this is a popular drink among those, as Mrs. Cox has so wisely put it, gypsies of Russian origin. Did you know they have a poison that is supposed to render its victim living, but as a corpse?" I drained my glass. "Of course, as with many things among them, this is a false claim. They are a people rife with superstition and are prone to lies, especially when one is tampering with one of their clan. No, as a poison, I'm afraid they are fairly useless. Should one want to use such potions, one needn't be so dramatic. After all, our apothecaries are full of shelves containing arsenic. A boring, unpopular mode of extermination, but affective and easily hidden. Unless, of course, you are of those few who can detect the scent of bitter almonds upon the corpse. A sure sign of an unnatural death."
Amelia and here servant remained unmoved, but the Count, perhaps worried he was being implicated in bloody murder, made a hasty retreat from Mrs. Cox's dinner table. "Sorry, Madame. I have to make me leave. I won't be listening to such foul exclamations." In his hurry to break free, his accent slipped considerably, gaining the unmistakable East End cockney he had been born with. Amelia rolled her eyes, and her servant let out a small, resigned sigh.
"What is happening?" Mrs. Cox, in her ignorant fury exclaimed. "Why is the Count leaving, yet you, you insufferable man, are still here?"
"All but a temporary inconvenience to you, I assure you," I replied. "I myself am not partial to hanging my hat with criminals." I gave Amelia and her servant charge a low bow of appreciation. "A good evening to you all."
///
As I had anticipated, the Count, now reduced to his original status, had waited for me at the base of the stairs leading out into the street. "You can't think I murdered no one," he said to me, following me as I made my leave. He dared to touch my elbow, his manner more ragged than I had originally thought. "It's not like that. She said it were for the money, that we'd all get our cut. She says the old bird's a right mountain of it."
"That she is," I assured him.
"She's fixing to give her the dowry. Onto the first man she can marry her off to. It's easy with these ones, all she had to do was say she was a long lost cousin or niece. As long as she didn't make no waves, she were believed. It was a sure thing, and a damn good farce of it were made."
"But you had your own work, elsewhere," I reminded him. "All those visits with Madame Spectro and her wispy spirits."
"You can't blame a body for trying to pick up some favours on the side. Besides, I got next to no money out of them, them pale spinsters died off too quick afore I could get me hooks in. They was sick to start. It got nothing to do with murder."
"So you believe," I said, troubled at his sincerity. "Frankly, I think you are too dimwitted to conceive of any crime other than petty criminality. Exploiting the sick and dying takes little effort."
"That's exactly it!" he cried, as if I were exonerating his character. "So you know how wrong it was, them two harpies trying to frame me up like they were. Just on a cause of me sitting in on their spook show once too often. No one died on account of me, were all natural, it were!"
"I do not believe it was Madame Spectro who was doing her best to incriminate you."
Valentini, his real name forever false to me, was confused. "They sent me a letter, threatening me with the police."
"Constance Gowain sent you a letter, though I wouldn't doubt Spectro and her associates weren't wholly innocent. But the crime was not a fiction, of that I can assure you. Arsenic is a painfully slow poison, one that mimics a terrible, lingering sickness."
I glanced back at the house, which was diminished behind me as we walked. I saw Mrs. Brown staring anxiously after us, only to put out the candle in the window to hide her concern.
"I wonder, if I should show them a portrait of Amelia, done by Constance, if any of those in the households you were involved in would remember her in her much diminished circumstances. As a maid, I'm certain. Or, better yet, as a cook's helper in their kitchens?"
Though the miserable cur was shockingly stupid, the sudden pallor he presented with alarmed me. "There's no need for this! I'm a thief, an' I'm a scoundrel. But no way on this cursed ground am I a murderer! I feels sick at the thought, I do!
Miserable harpies. I've had my run with them, but now I's set to run myself!"
With this he parted from me in a run down the street as fast as his long legs could carry him. He was a stupid man, but even he had some moral limits, and in this I felt a certain empathy. Whatever poison he was tainted with, I sincerely hope it was long out of his system.



CHAPTER TWENTY-ONE
It was no easy task, recuperating among corpses. I admired Fanny's prolonged stoicism in the matter. For myself, two weeks had passed since my miserable occupation with Mrs. Cox was brought to an end, and while my financial situation remained as strained as ever, a sudden bout of influenza kept my pockets from being completely emptied. Fanny had lain in one of the rooms in the upper floor of the small cottage, with Sola tending her every need. Only occasionally was she forced to smell the the pungent aroma of formaldehyde, its eerie scent collecting in the damp recesses of the cottage's interior. But the dark, wet fall passed, leading into a cold and dry winter, the living quarters of the cottage taking on a cozy aspect with every hearth fire that was brought to life. The frost had taken to the ground early, which made my job all the easier, since expired loved ones were currently held in mortuaries and other cold rooms as they waited for spring to find their homes below ground. Coffins full of sand would be lowered at the appointed times in April or May, bringing with it a new meaning to the term 'dust to dust'.
Dr. Grey was himself a busy man, entertaining six or so guests with his scalpel every week. Fanny, despite her close geography, was no longer at risk of being among their member. Though still pale she was making a remarkable recovery and even had a pink sheen to her brow to prove it. She walked with the aid of a cane, but Dr. Grey assured her this would be a temporary impairment. Knowing well his medical prowess, I had my doubts.
With familiarity, discomfort is banished, and Fanny, upon hearing my entrance, left her bed and limped downstairs to greet me in Dr. Grey's laboratory. Dr. Grey was entertaining his latest guest, while I brought one in as spare company. "I don't suppose you thought to bring coffee," she chided me.
I kicked lightly at the tea chest at my feet. "There is a more ample supply of this most English of beverages, but I don't think this fellow cares to share his orange pekoe."
She turned her frustration on Dr. Grey. "Surely, as an Austrian, you understand the importance of coffee."
"I drink diluted vinegar twice a day. Eet is good for ze thinning of the blood and overall digestive constitution." He paused over his work. "You made me ze tea last week, ja? I am a doctor, yes, reasonable person, but I did not like ze way you read the leaves. Such morbid imagery. Bah!"
I say on the tea crate and talked over Dr. Grey, who was busy sawing into a yellowed shin bone. I strained to keep Fanny in my sights, and had to shout to be heard over the rasping of metal against bone. "Your servant has had an interesting day in the city. Sola wishes to inform you that it would be prudent to return to London and your work soon. It seems Mrs. Cox has been quite open about her meeting with you and the positive word of mouth has made you a cause célèbre in her circles."
"I could kill for a cup of coffee," Fanny said, ignoring me. She eyed Dr. Grey with naked disdain. "What kind of Austrian refuses to stock coffee?"
"Not until I am finished," Dr. Grey replied absently. He was bent over a slender corpse, her finer features hidden beneath a few layers of muslin. She was in remarkably pristine condition, not an occurrence that happened all that often in his public procurements. "A donation?" I asked.
"Fascinating," he said as he pulled a flap of flesh away from the slender throat. "I had thought eet a miracle to have found such cases in the African continent, but never would I dream to find two in such short a span from each other." He poked a purple vein with the tip of his scalpel. "Amazing. I almost expect it to start throbbing with life."
I regarded him coolly. "What do you mean by this?" I dared to pull the thin sheet of muslin away from the face and nearly fainted away when I realized who he was operating on. "What a grisly reunion," I gasped.
"The inspector believes I may find the cause of death, which eez quite obvious. But, he has a teeny, tiny little mind. He believes she is the same as these others, these prostitutes. Bah! She is strong and healthy and clean. She is a servant girl, and one worked hard. I have observed her to still be in a state of virginity."
The frankness with which he said this made me wince. Fanny, however, was unmoved. "Who is she?" she asked.
I sighed, unhappy with this unexpected oversight. The shadow of death had not haunted her, and my supernatural prowess was proven as much a fraud as Fanny's otherworldly conversations. "Amelia Cox's servant. I imagine her mistress has found a renewed life for herself in temperance."
///
Burdens weigh heavily on even the healthiest heart, and it was with exceptional plodding that I made my way back to London, the morning creeping over its squatting black buildings with grave reluctance. My journey took me past the hungry, grey skinned creatures that hovered on that great city's periphery, a layer of human filth, death and decay that had long since forgotten what it was to sit beneath the healthy shade of a country tree, or to take one's sustenance from a healthy lake. This world was full of misshapen squatters, and I hunched my shoulders close, heedless of the calls for my attention, for alms for dying children, and worse yet, offers of their sale.
By the time I approached my own lodging, it was well past morning and into the afternoon, a cool damp penetrating every pocket of my wool coat. I was greeted by my landlady as I walked up the stairs to my meagre room, which after my trudging past the worst of London's poverty, I deemed a fit enough space for Prince Albert himself. My landlady was not impressed with perception of my situation, and with her arms crossed over her ample chest she regarded me with a contempt so naked it made me blush. "There were a young lady here, earlier," she said, her right eye twitching in judgemental glee. She handed me a small, ornate envelope decorated with delicate branches and illustrations of kittens.
"She left her card."
"Thank you," I murmured meekly as I took it from her strong, forceful hand.
"I imagine you'll be wanting tea," she snapped, as though this were the most difficult enterprise known to the average woman, especially one of her strength and character. Without another word--for there was no need of them, her opinion of me was clear enough--she bustled the hips of her long, woollen blue skirt into her meaty fists and floated down the stairs. My avenging angel of propriety and commerce.
Curious, I opened the envelope as I made my way into my room, the chill within quickly announcing that my hearth had been neglected, allowing a mildewing damp to creep in. I placed the card unread on my writing table as I began the laborious task of starting a new fire, one which offered no warmth nor comfort save for the slight drying of the wet air around it. My royal feeling surroundings were quickly dwindling into that forgetfulness that assails us when we are met with petty inconveniences. The drudging, ill shaped creatures who I had passed just a few hours before were already becoming dream shadows, their substance as wispy as the smoke that trailed from the steaming coals in my hearth.
I pulled a stool as close to the fire as one could without scorching one's clothes, and heedless of the soot that would layer upon my vestments I enjoyed the meagre offering. I snatched the envelope off of my writing desk and brought it to the dim firelight before me. The edges were blackened as I tried to read, my fingers trembling with shock and fury.
An invitation. The very nerve!
This was no calling card, as my snooping landlady knew well enough. Her judgemental gaze took on a new meaning as I read through the usual long winded demands of Mrs. Cox upon myself, her honoured guest, who was to be expected at two o'clock to be at her home from whence we would commence our journey, by coach, one half a block away to the garden of John and Josephine Bowes for an automata performance of the magnificent silver swan. As Mrs. Cox is a distant relation of the creator and infamous clock smith, James Cox, it is only fitting that she and her company be there for the opening exhibit.
However, there was a carefully worded stipulation that such an association not be mentioned to Mr. and Mrs. Bowes, as they are of commoner stock and it would be deemed impolite to mention this intimate connection to the esteemed curators.
How very typical, I sneered. Far be it for the crepe wrapped Mrs. Lettuce Cox to sully her good name with an association who, despite their obvious wealth, aren't quite on the same luxurious path as royalty. Never mind that she had been duped by the very manipulation of her strange prejudice. Would that she be thrown into the very heart of India and by their caste system find her wealth common and base! For in that colourful country, I have known that spiritual men own nothing and are elevated to gods, while wealthy basket manufacturers are delegated to a lesser status than servants. Perhaps the greatest mystery in this was why I received an invitation at all when it was clear that I, too, was on that long list of barely tolerated undesirables, a collection she kept revising in her small, stubborn, unkind mind. Granted, the arrival of this invite sent another message, for in the past I had received them by hand, from Mrs. Brown on behalf of Mrs. Cox, and usually at the front door before the start of dinner. Never have I received a card from that household at my meagre lodging.
It was clear that my hideaway had been rooted out, and this discovery was to be worked against me. I had a good understanding of who had orchestrated this unspoken threat.
I did not want to meet with Amelia again, not after what I had witnessed that morning in Dr. Grey's laboratory. But to be polite is paramount, and it would be considered a vile act of rudeness to ignore this invite, or worse still, refuse it. I tossed the invitation and its envelope into my fire, feeling a small sense of victory with the way the flames took to it, the embossed branches curling like a cage around the innocent kittens, their fur singed and finally, with a burst of orange light, snuffed out into a ball of soot.
My landlady entered my room without knocking, her heavy boot kicking open my bedroom door. The tea tray clattered as it hit the door frame, her skirts so wide and heavy they nearly wedged her there. She set the tray onto my writing table with enough force to unsettle my quill and ink, which danced dangerously close to the edge. She left me alone with it, her exit containing only slightly less wrath than her entrance.
"This should chase out the chill," I said to her, in as friendly a way as I could and hoping to give her a subtle reminder not to let my room become so destitute of warmth. She glared at me in response, and I wisely did not press the matter, for she clearly had her own assumptions at work. I was not putting on airs, as she surmised, nor was I taking advantage of another's good fortune--at least, not any longer. In her mind, the visit with Fanny in my room had obliterated all belief that I was a gentleman, no matter how dignified I was in manner nor how politely I dealt with her. It seemed women of all classes deemed me a man to be loosely tolerated and above all held in suspicious contempt. I sipped at the tea she had offered me, and winced over its mossy taste. I could smell peat and wet earth within its steam. It was cheap and tasted bland, like a strained cup of dust. Particulates in the air collected on the amber surface. I sipped it anyway, for even London beggars deserve a cup of tea.



CHAPTER TWENTY-TWO
I arrived at the Cox household at the appointed time and was greeted with warm, happy surprise by Mrs. Brown, who had proven herself to be a lady of great wisdom and genuine charity. "I never would have thought to see you here again," she said, taking my coat with care and brushing the shoulders with a horsehair brush. She glanced behind me once to ensure we were alone, and without qualm smacked me hard on the back of my head with the brush. "What the devil did you think you was up to? Saying such things to Mrs. Cox, you know how ill that was to be received! Her brains are as tiny as her eyes, the old sow, what game was you playing?"
I looked upon her in astonishment. "I was merely offering a warning," I said in my defence.
"Warning. As if she ever needed that. People that miserable gets what's coming, that's what I say." She brushed at my shoulders with more affection than anger. "Keep your tongue in your mouth and don't let any words form in your throat. Were only on the insistence of Mistress Amelia that you be here, and I won't say I didn't encourage it." She hung up the horsehair brush and regarded me with a shake of her head. "But it's good and right to see you back here again, Mr. Endswell. You bring a bit of life into this creaking mausoleum, there's no question of that!"
An unfortunate choice of words, perhaps, but I will never hold it against her. I was so relieved to have someone who held confidence in my verity as a gentleman, I fear I even deigned to kiss her cheek, the action causing her to redden, her hand pressed tight against her blushing neck. "Go to, Mr. Endswell!" she playfully chided me before ushering me into the sitting room where far less pleasant company was patiently waiting.
Amelia made room for me on the small couch, her pale hand coquettish in its invitation. I declined such a close proximity and took my usual teetering, broken chair by the fire and kept it a few feet away from the siren call of her slender forearm.
There was a long, uncomfortable pause between us, one that was scarcely alleviated by the arrival of tea. The young maid who served us was new, her smile genuine and hopeful, a face belying no trace of suffering or evil thought. This is what innocence looks like, I thought, her presence putting a grim pall upon an already intolerable meeting. She seemed to sense this tension, and her smile faltered as she began to pour the tea, a faint waft of heavily perfumed soap wafting from her pink hands. Amelia stopped her, her own grip firm on the girl's arm. "That will do, Alice," she curtly informed the girl. Red-faced with the peculiar embarrassment servants feel when not knowing the cause of their quiet reprimand, she did as bid and left us.
I refused to speak first. I poured myself a cup of tea from the gleaming silver set offered up for the purpose, its surface shining from an expert polish, no hint of tarnish upon it. The cup I used was delicate, ornately strewn with flowers and healthy green leaves. A cup full of life. I took a long, satisfying draught, and was content to find it was precious and sweet, not a hint of bitter aftertaste.
"This is not my doing," she said at last.
I glanced over at her, my once shy, bland Amelia now draped with lascivious understanding across her couch, her ankles scandalously bared as the hem of her skirt trailed upward. Her fingers trailed along the line of pearls at her bosom, the nail of her thumb daring to tease any one of them loose. Other, less capital men may have found her actions highly seductive. Myself, I could only think of coffins.
"Such knowledge does nothing to make me feel better about this situation," I said to her.
She sighed, and fanned herself with a card, one given to her by some new dupe of a suitor now that her former partner in crime had made his leave. "I care nothing of how you feel." Her tiny eyes narrowed on me, and I had the distinct sensation I was being scrutinized by a being both cunning and vile. Though she was draped upon her perch like a bird of paradise, there was something of the carrion crow in the way she saw through me. "You damn near ruined everything."
"Did I? How unfortunate for you. I do hate ruining people's evil schemes."
Mrs. Brown walked by the open door, and Amelia took the moment to snatch me by the hand and act as though I had told her some significant news relevant only to the two of us. I snatched it back, but it was too late, alas, for Mrs. Brown was already tittering as she made her way down the far hall, to the depths of the house where rumours of romance would hover above kitchen knives and beheaded chickens. She did not see the transformation of Amelia's softness into a harpy's howl of laughter, the once bland, expressionless brown eyes of Amelia Cox suddenly flashing with all the fire of a victorious witch. "I have suffered because of you for long enough. I don't know what that fool told you, but I assure you, he's going to regret having ever flapped his gums."
"I doubt he is anywhere in London," I assured her. "He's well aware of Constance's fate."
"Good. Then he won't need Madame Spectro to tell him what the future holds."
I continued sipping my tea, choosing my words as delicately as how I held my cup. "From one rogue to another, I should advise you that intimidating me in this manner is pointless, especially since you are well aware that my position is as precarious as yours."
She curled her legs under her skirts like a calculating cat. "You went to the police."
"I did no such thing. I have nothing to offer them without exposing my own ruse. I present no threat to you."
She left her perch to circle me, the bustle of fabric brushing against my legs, her fingers trailing along my shoulders. I was glad her arms were bare, for surely if she had long sleeves it would have so easy for her to hide the shaft of a knife or some other instrument of bloodthirst. Her touch felt cold and inhuman upon the back of my neck, and I shivered as her fingers dug into my hair, her threat a gentle, and uncomfortable, tug. "If that imbecile hadn't decided to take on a side job, we'd all be happy now. He's left a right mess, but don't you think that gets you free. No, I won't forget what you did."
"You give me far too much credit. I believe Constance has some guilt to bear as well."
Amelia's face soured, and she suddenly seemed far older than I had originally thought her to be. A layer of powder decorated her cheeks, a thin line of red upon her lips. She was painted, a false ruse of health and youth. I had never managed to get this close for this long to truly inspect her, and now, faced with this ugliness, I had to wonder at how easily I myself had been so taken with appearances. "Constance thought she was far above me, and that served me well enough even if she did think me a dolt. It was that idiot George, again, who ruined that. I hadn't expected her to be the type to go so far against her birthright and resort to blackmail. Not that it did her any good, mind."
"You poisoned her."
"No. That was Marija's choice, and it's not one that I'm happy about. I had nothing to do with it." She hung her head, her hands leaving me to wring with unspoken guilt. "I never knew she was a murderess."
"Really, Amelia," I said to her, a smirk creeping along my lips. "I am not so easily deceived."
"We had a good thing here," she hissed at me, her guilt-ridden ruse slipping away like the mask it was. "All of it going to plan, the old hag set to give us her inheritance. She was all set to marry me off. We'd introduce Count Valentini, and just like that, we'd be noble and rich." She bit her bottom lip, as though she had tasted something sour. "Then you come along, a pathetic con-man looking for the same out. But it was easy to fit you in. After all, you were always the suitor the old bat never wanted to marry her only living relative off to. Compared to you, Count Valentini was like a shining gold statue. You put him in a much better light, I have to say, seeing that contrast actually made it worthwhile to put up with you all those months."
I bristled at her laughter. "Glad to be of service," I said.
She glanced up at the portrait of Constance, her nemesis taunting her from her lithographic prison. "She was an opiate addict, did you know that? She was the biggest con of all, you had to admire her for it. Dressing up and taking pictures of spooks of all things. Morbid, but effective. I don't get it, because I know better than anyone that the dead stay dead, don't you agree?"
"I haven't known otherwise," I admitted.
"There's whores in the East End who had better handles on their vices than that one. It weren't enough to blackmail, Constance had to consume. You met her fiance, you know what I'm talking about."
I frowned. "No. I'm afraid I don't."
"Blackmail is never enough for a woman like that." She gazed upon Constance's portrait with a twisted form of admiration. "She caught George's attention, that was certain."
"And then she caught her death."
She paused, the moment reflective. "Marija was a jealous girl," she said.
An interesting addition to a complex riddle, one that left a cold feeling deep in the marrow of my soul. I thought of that other young woman who had found her way into Dr. Grey's laboratory, her body putrid with an unidentified poison. The lingering illnesses of a young heiresses. The quiet realm of death, His offering a balm. A service. A servant who guides one to the next world.
"I imagine Marija's jealous nature came to the fore more often than you think," I said.
"It was a growing nuisance. George has always had a wandering eye."
"But you don't," I said. "You have a very analytical understanding, one that easily layers each situation upon a mathematical grid, and with that cold precision you have mastery of your craft. I do not deign to know your outlook, for it is fair demonic and I do not apologize for that analogy."
"I am not a monster. I am merely surviving. Just as you are." She eyed my teacup, and I set it down carefully. I would not drink another drop.
"My darling Amelia," I said, but there was no wooing lover's promise in my words. "Poisons are a very specific medium. To use a tincture that imitates death so precisely and then revel in the painfully slow instance of it--That is quite a despicable blackness of the heart."
Amelia was unrepentant. "No better than claiming to know the babbling of the dead."
I thought of the ill-fated Marija and her quiet repose on Dr. Grey's slab. It was foolish of me to trust any liquid that passed my lips in this house, but I seemed to be feeling no ill effects. Still, I would need to be seen to, and I was fortunate that I had this expertise at my ready disposal. An advantage Amelia did not know I had.
Uncertainty gripped me. I glanced at the tea setting, not missing her knowing smirk. "Tell me, Amelia. Just what do you think I am?"
She shrugged. "A penniless gentleman who is looking to stabilize his fortune by marrying rich. Your kind are as common as sparrows. I know that you live in a room, in a tidy but cheap lodging house. I know that you somehow manage to keep yourself in the proper attire, though how this is done is still a mystery. I should imagine you have some hidden assets procured for this very thing."
"How right you are," I assured her, wrongly, my relief palpable. My other employ was still tucked away in shadows, one that Amelia herself courted on its periphery in a far more bloodthirsty business than mine own. "It is a shame, my dear. I rather enjoy this open attitude of yours, this frankness and sudden outburst of personality. A wan, obedient girl with only the barest hint of choler about her is no longer a creature who holds any interest for me."
She placed her cool hand gently on top of my own. "Mrs. Cox has forgiven you, at my pleading. You aren't an unattractive sort, and I think we can forge ahead with the original plan, without unfortunate interference, of course."
"You are referring to my medium associate," I said.
"Yes, your precious Madame Spectro. One mustn't forget about her."
"No. One mustn't."
I pulled my hand free from hers and stood up. "Mrs. Brown, my hat and coat, if you please! Please do tell Mrs. Cox I have had to make my leave. I suddenly feel ill."
"You shouldn't," Amelia cruelly taunted me. "You've had nothing more than a cup of very high quality orange pekoe tea."
"Be that as it may, I fear I do not wish to tempt this pleasant reunion with another, perhaps deadly one. Intriguing though your offer is, I must decline. It seems my passion for riches does have its limits, one held in temperance by my close reverence for the dead."
"Money is money," she assured me. "I thought you weren't taken with spooks."
"I don't expect you to understand," I said. "It is a matter of principle. In my circles, it not the moral issue of murder that offends. It is simply a case of being grossly impolite."
Mrs. Brown arrived and gave me my hat and coat, and I am loathe to say I did not so much as tip my hat to her in kindness as I left. The cool late afternoon of a misty London crept across the streets, drenching my world in shades of grey. There is no darkness in death, I thought. Merely this massive slate of nothingness that blankets all of the world's population into its opaque gloom.
With firm, resolute steps, I journeyed deep into the bleak maw of its heart.





OTHER WORKS BY M. JONES

FRANKIE & FORMALDEHYDE
314 CRESCENT MANOR
WESTMARKET
GANGSTER (published by 1889 Labs)
IN ABSENTIA
ELEVATOR
THE AORTA BLOCK

If you enjoyed this work and would like to contact the author, email at pinkbagels@gmail.com

For updates and more information about the work of M. Jones please visit Bloodletters Ink: http://bloodlettersink.com







