WHISPERS IN THE DARK


All Rights Reserved


Copyright 2013 Lynn Emery
Smashwords Edition


This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Whispers in the Dark contains my original short story Smooth Operator and samples from seven of my novels. All of these are tangled tales of intrigue, secrets, and murder. Enjoy!


~~ About the Author ~~


Mix knowledge of voodoo, Louisiana politics and forensic social work with the dedication to write fiction while working each day as a clinical social worker, and you get a snapshot of author Lynn Emery.  Lynn has been a contributing consultant to the magazine Today’s Black Woman for three articles about contemporary relationships between black men and women.  For more information visit:


If you would like a personalized digital autograph go to:

http://www.authorgraph.com/authors/LEmeryWriter

Visit me on the web at:

www.lynnemery.com

Connect with me on:
Twitter: www.twitter.com/LEmeryWriter
Facebook: www.facebook.com/lynn.emery.author




Bookmark: Louisiana: A Dream State

Follow these links to learn more about Louisiana, our culture and other people, places and things mentioned in this story:

Louisiana’s Brand of Voodoo

Loa

Creoles of Louisiana

Zydeco

Louisiana

Vermillion Parish

I created the small town of Beau Chene in Vermillion Parish for four books- Night Magic, A Darker Shade of Midnight, Between Dusk and Dawn and Only By Moonlight. My fictional creation is more a cross between New Roads, Louisiana and New Iberia, Louisiana. Here you can read the history of the real area called Beau Chene.

Beau Chene





A New Short Story by Lynn Emery!

Smooth Operator

“Lagniappe” - A little something extra


On a sunny Thursday afternoon in June, Charmaine sat across from her newest “client” and stared back at her. A small air conditioner worked to keep the humid New Orleans heat at bay. All the bad vibes from this woman made Charmaine feel claustrophobic, as though her usually pleasant home office was stuffed with greasy smog. From the top of her flaming red hair to the tips of her gaudy rhinestone encrusted acrylic fingernails, Kiesha Front screamed “gold digger”.
Keisha got up and started making a circle of the room examining the decor. She started by reading framed degrees and certifications on the wall. Charmaine proudly displayed her diplomas. She loved being a therapist with a little something extra, psychic ability. Her gift of sight gave her a rare insight into her clients. She’d had terrific success helping them find the source of their pain and recover. Others she’d helped avoid dangers creeping toward them from the past. Despite her attempts to keep that part of her practice discreet, the word got out. 
For the past year most who came to her wanted more of the supernatural help than therapy. Most couldn’t pay much. Charmaine’s professional reputation among her more conventional colleagues had suffered. Referrals from local psychiatrists and other counselors dried up. Three insurance companies removed her from their provider networks. Charmaine had had to supplement her income with part-time jobs for the past two years, including a stint working at a local dollar store. And now this.  
“Impressive credentials,” Keisha said as she leaned closer to stare at one document. “You’ve re-invented yourself since we were kids in the projects.” 
“So have you I see,” Charmaine said in a dry tone. She remembered Kiesha from high school, though she’d been a year behind Charmaine. Keisha had always been determined to get attention and get ahead.
Keisha gave a short laugh. “Yeah, you could say that.” Then she turned and read out loud from another framed document. “So you’re a ‘Certified Clinical Hypnotherapist’. Bet that comes in handy.”
“It does at times,” Charmaine replied.
“Don’t think you can try it on me. I’m resistant to that kinda mess,” Keisha said, tossing the words over her shoulder without looking at Charmaine.
“Would you like a glass of sweet tea?” Charmaine asked. 
“See, that’s what I mean. You start off with a simple request. Nothing important, but you establish a connection and start a chain of me doing what you suggest.” Keisha came to a decorative mirror on another wall. She gazed at her make-up, patted her hair and turned to Charmaine. “No, I don’t want tea. Can’t stand the stuff.”
“I offer everyone some form of refreshment. Maybe you’d like…” 
“I’m fine, Ms. Joliet. Hmm, that sounds too formal. I’ll call you Charmaine,” Keisha said and smiled. “Nice how you turned this addition your mama used as a beauty shop into your office.”
Charmaine smiled back at her. “Thank you. And of course you can call me Charmaine.  You’re right. No need for formality.”
Keisha raised an eyebrow. She strolled back to the chair facing Charmaine’s desk, sat down and crossed her shapely brown legs. “You’re good, but it still won’t work. Look, I’ve done my homework on you. I have… friends who specialized in... Let’s just call it research.”
“Research, right.” Charmaine folded her arms. 
“Okay, don’t get an attitude. This proposal can do good things for both of us,” Keisha said. She sighed and uncrossed her legs. “My husband has a lot of money. He’s as mean as a bucket of rattlesnakes, and he has lots of enemies. You need money, and you have skills and experience in making a man... disappear. I’ll keep your secret, pay you money and you’ll have something on me.”
“So we’ll both have to keep our mouths shut,” Charmaine added and clenched her teeth.
“Exactly.” Keisha nodded with satisfaction.
“Why shouldn’t I just go to the police? You don’t have proof that I made anyone ‘disappear’ as you put it. Or I could go to your hubby and tell him of your sincere desire to get rid of him,” Charmaine shot back.
Keisha’s expression hardened. “You don’t really want to put your dear, emotionally fragile baby sister through the stress. She’s had a few issues since that ugly incident back when you were kids, hasn’t she? Poor little Jessica. In the past two years alone she’s been arrested twice for soliciting, three times for possession of weed, three times for assaulting her male customers. One might even wonder if she’s about to become a female serial killer. Girlfriend has some serious anger issues.”
Every hair on Charmaine’s body stood at attention. A prickle of fear mixed with loathing shot through her. “Don’t threaten my sister.”
“We don’t have to be enemies. You two had it hard growing up. I’ve been there, girl. I’m like you, Charmaine; a survivor. I learned to use men for what I want, instead always being used by them,” Keisha said with a grimace.
“No, you’re not like me. And you’re damn sure not going to be my friend coming in here trying to blackmail me into killing your rich husband,” Charmaine hissed.
Kiesha stood and looped her expensive gold metallic leather purse over the crook of once arm. She actually almost looked elegant, minus the hair and fingernails. “Jessica is in trouble again. She’s going to need a good lawyer.”
“What the hell are you talking about?” Charmaine gripped the imitation leather covering the arms of her cheap office chair.
“Call her hooker pal Diamond if you don’t believe me. You haven’t talked to Jessica in three days. That’s because she’s in the Orleans Parish lock-up, sweetie. She knifed a guy over drugs or something.” Keisha picked up a small note pad from Charmaine’s desk. She wrote down a phone number and held out the pad. When Charmaine didn’t take it, Keisha tossed it onto the desk. “Call me when you’re ready to talk.”
“You’re lying,” Charmaine said trying not to panic. Dread washed over her like bone chilling water on her skin.
“You already know I’m not. Go help your sister. I can give you the bail money as part of your payment. We both know she won’t do well in a jail cell,” Keisha replied. She put on designer sunglasses and walked out.
Shaking, Charmaine went to the office door leading to the outside and slammed home both deadbolts. She went back to her phone to call the parish jail. Then she stopped and put down the cordless handset. Charmaine’s second sight, the gift that was both a blessing and a curse told her that Keisha, aka Mrs. James LeLand Front, had not lied. Jessi needed to be rescued. Again.


****

Club Mellow lived up to its name and then some. No loud music or rowdy patrons allowed. Saturday night at seven thirty Charmaine sat in a booth with seats upholstered in real leather the color of red wine. She was drinking whiskey. Her good friend Scotty stood behind the bar. Scotty, Jessi and Charmaine; they’d been family for over fifteen years. Their bond had been forged on the street, three homeless kids living hard to escape hell at home. When he turned eighteen Scotty joined the Army. He’d been Special Forces, skills he brought back to the street after serving for six years.
Despite being the owner of the club and three other thriving businesses in Orleans Parish, Scotty still liked playing bartender from time to time. At six feet four and with muscles all over, he could also be the bouncer. One of several professions he’d had in his murky past. But his formidable presence wasn’t the reason Club Mellow was so peaceful. The clientele kept it that way. They needed a discreet safe harbor to meet like-minded people. Upscale hook-ups is how Jessi sarcastically described it. Singles and couples retreated to the softly light elegant club to live out their fantasies.
Charmaine came to ease the sexual tension that gnawed at her when she felt threatened, lonely or stressed. A psychologist had helped Charmaine understand that her hypersexuality resulted from years of sexual abuse. She and Jessica had suffered at the hands of their two successive step-fathers. They’d come to associate sex with all emotions. 
For Jessi, sex became a means to an end; a way to be in control. Of course the sense of control wasn’t real. It only lasted the few hours she spent servicing her clients; tying up men or women, ordering them to surrender to Jessi’s every whim until they screamed in ecstasy. Then she plunged back into a dark place that only drugs could banish. 
All this insight came from six years of therapy for Charmaine. Dr. Lance told her that one day she’d accept true intimacy and love, and then she wouldn’t need Club Mellow. Charmaine knew differently. Unlike Jessi, Charmaine loved sex. The physical pleasure of being with someone as an adult and by her own choosing was Charmaine’s drug. Charmaine didn’t have all of the answers. She didn’t need them. Her life worked for her. Mostly. 
Scotty strolled over to Charmaine’s booth after his employee, the real bartender, took over. He held two short tumblers with dark gold liquid in each hand. He plunked one down on the table in front of Charmaine’s almost empty glass. Then he eased his tall frame onto the leather seat across from her, took a swig from his own tumbler and sighed. 
“Hello Charming Charmaine,” Scotty rumbled in his basso voice and winked at her.
She finished off the last bit of whiskey in one tumbler and picked up the full one. “Beam me up, Scotty.” Charmaine took a sip and let the whiskey tickle down the back of her throat. 
“Jim Beam,” Scotty said completing the old joke they shared. 
They shared a companionable silence for another ten minutes, watching couples and some threesomes get acquainted. Everyone chatted as though they were just out with friends. Soft laughter and conversation floated around the room. Smooth jazz mixed with R&B tunes played over the sound system. Through an archway was another room with a dance floor and a stage raised a foot higher. The regular Saturday night band would start to play at nine o’clock. Scotty and Charmaine exchanged a few sentences of small talk the way southerners did before getting down to business.
“So was I right?” Charmaine asked and studied Scotty.
“On target. Keisha is a grifter, a con artist who hit it big time when she married James LeLand Front, an older man with money. Good money, too,” Scotty said. He raised his glass in a mock salute. “Go on with yo bad self, Miss K.” 
“How good?” Charmaine asked. 
“He sold his packaging business in 1983 for a cool ten million to a Fortune 500 company. At thirty-five he was too young to just put his feet up. Dude started a high tech company three years later. Four years later he sold that company for one hundred million. Set his four kids up and did consulting. He had a heart attack and a stroke in 2006. Divorced his fourth wife in 2009 when he met the lovely Keisha Grant.”
“I knew from the way she talked to me that first day that Keisha had been in the game. She summed up the ways of a player and jail house philosophy without missing a beat,” Charmaine replied.
Scotty nodded. “She’s served time, but I see you figured that one out. Keisha hasn’t been able to drop her ghetto so easy. She didn’t blend with polite society as she’d hoped.”
Charmaine snorted. “Once a hood rat, always a hood rat; at least for some.”
She was about to go on when a tall, fine looking man with skin like caramel candy walked into the barroom. Her body hummed, and not just from the psychic vibes. He wore a short-sleeved olive green cotton knit top that clung to his muscled chest. Dark khaki denim slacks hugged his narrow waist and molded to his thick thighs.
“That’s him, huh?” Charlene murmured, covering her comment by raising the glass to her mouth.
Scotty didn’t glance at him, but kept his back to the man and his voice low. “Mr. Slick. I told him I’d point you out. Got me a fifty for doing it, too.” 
“You backstabber,” Charmaine quipped and managed not to laugh.
“Enjoy your drink, Charmaine, and don’t stay away so long next time,” Scotty said in a normal volume and smiled at her. 
Then Scotty moved to a table a few feet away and quietly chatted up more customers. Scotty didn’t look in her direction again. He seemed very relaxed as he played the role of the good business owner. Charmaine made a mental note to suggest he take up acting. Then she switched her attention back to the man. 
She guessed he was about six feet one. He sat down at the bar and pretended to finally notice Charmaine was staring at him. He took the glass the bartender put on bar in front of him and lifted it in salute to her. Charmaine matched his gesture. He got up and walked to her.
“Good evening. I...”
“Yes, you most certainly can join me,” Charmaine broke in. She brushed her shoulder length hair with her fingers.
“I’m Lorenzo,” he said and sat down. His gaze covered Charmaine from head to toe. “Very nice to meet you.”
“Same here.” Charmaine gave him an appraising glance in turn. She moistened her lips and smiled at him as though appreciating the view. “If you’ve been hanging out at the club lately, then Scotty is right. I have been away too long.”
“Well, let’s not regret the past. We’re here now,” Lorenzo replied smoothly. His dark eyebrows framed cocoa brown eyes perfectly. His lips curved up in a handsome smile.
Lorenzo Thomas, afro-Latino, age thirty-five; three years older than Charmaine. Scotty had filled Charmaine in on him a few days earlier. Lorenzo Thomas was a private investigator of the shady variety. Scotty had easily dug up the background on him when Charmaine asked him to track down the scoop on Keisha. But Scotty hadn’t mentioned that he looked like a male supermodel and oozed sex appeal. Charmaine’s libido set her body humming again. Playing with him was an added bonus. The alluring smile she flashed at Lorenzo was totally genuine.
“I agree, Lorenzo. Ahh, that name rolls off the tongue,” Charmaine said softly. 
“I’m half Puerto Rican,” he replied and sipped more of his drink.
“And the other half?” Charmaine leaned forward as though eager to hear his every word.
“Pure Houston ninja from the Fifth Ward, baby,” he replied and grinned at her. “And you?”
Charmaine shrugged. “New Orleans East.”
“Alright then. I use to visit friends that way. To what NO used to be, the good and the bad,” Lorenzo said and tapped her glass against hers.
“Co-sign,” Charmaine said and they both took deep pulls from their drinks.
For the next two hours they exchanged small talk about their favorite hip hop artists from back in the day, movies and more. When the band started they followed the music and danced a few times. As the night grew older, the band played slower tunes. Charmaine pressed her body to Lorenzo and didn’t object when his wide hands moved lower on her body. By the fourth song he gently cupped her buttocks, rubbing his hands over the soft fabric of her red leggings. 
“You look damn good, Charmaine,” Lorenzo breathed in her ear. “I’m in pain because of you, girl.”
“Then let’s make this party private. Scotty’s hotel is right next door; a classy place,” Charmaine whispered, her lips brushing his ear lobe. She did a bump and grind against his pelvis that made him moan.
“Let’s go,” he croaked.
Lorenzo swiped perspiration from his forehead and led them down a softly lit hallway leading to the hotel lobby. In a few minutes the efficient registration clerk had them checked into a room on the fourth floor. They went to the elevator, got in and immediately started kissing and groping each other. Charmaine giggled as the strong man pressed her against the wall.
“Slow down, baby. We don’t want to finish up before we get started,” Charmaine said.
“No worries, girl. I’m an all night man, just like that bunny with those batteries. I can keep going,” Lorenzo bragged. He licked her neck and rubbed her breast roughly.
“Well alright then,” Charmaine replied with enthusiasm. 
The elevator bumped to a stop and the doors slid open. Another couple brushed past them into the elevator, the man with his face averted. The man didn’t have to worry. Lorenzo barely noticed him. He was too intent on pulling Charmaine to Room 407. He mumbled a few curse words when they had to walk farther down the hall than he’d expected. Lorenzo shoved the key card into the lock. 
“We’re in the House of Pleasure, girl. Now come here.” Lorenzo pulled Charmaine against his body with one long arm and shoved the door shut with the other. 
“Take charge,” Charmaine whispered as he lifted her from the floor.
She wrapped her legs around him and kissed him hard. Lorenzo moaned, breathing hard in between trying to pull open her top with his teeth. He let her slide to the floor and Charmaine pushed away from him. She dropped her small purse on the dresser against one wall. Then she undid the tie of the sheer cardigan she wore over a black camisole. Lorenzo pulled at his clothes without taking his gaze from Charmaine’s striptease performance. She went to the night stand and hit the button on a clock radio. A thumping R&B tune poured through the compact, but excellent speakers. Then she resumed her dance. Charmaine took off her cami and leggings. She swayed to the music wearing only panties and a bra the color of Louisiana hot sauce.
“You know how to move,” Lorenzo said. With quick movements he draped his clothes over the chair next to the small desk in the room. He’d stripped down and wore only silky black underwear. 
Charmaine gazed at the impressive bump straining against the fabric of his briefs. “You know how to impress.”
“You ain’t seen nothin’ yet, girl,” Lorenzo growled. 
“Then bring it,” Charmaine replied.
In a flash his long legs brought him across the short space between them. Lorenzo yanked open the front hooks of her bra. Charmaine flinched at the rough treatment, but only briefly. She shrugged to allow the straps to fall from her shoulders as her breasts bounced free. Lorenzo groaned and sank to his knees. Charmaine cradled his head in both her hands and looked into his eyes. She murmured softly to him, a string of commands mixed in with lusty bedroom talk. Before long, the big man was under her control. He told her what she wanted to know. 
After thirty minutes of questioning, Charmaine started to fill his mind with false erotic memories. Then she stepped away to examine him again.
“Since we’re here and you’re so awesomely equipped, why don’t I see if you told the truth,” Charmaine said softly. “I’m gonna have you prove you’re an all night man.”

****

The next morning Charmaine went to the housing development in New Orleans East. Built by a famous actor after the devastation of Hurricane Katrina, the houses had brought a least this part of the city back to life. Jessi’s friend Diamond lived in one of the neat garden homes with her youngest kid, a two year old baby girl named Indyah. Diamond tried several times to get out of the street life, but minimum wage jobs hadn’t been her style. She and Jessi were careful to keep business at a different location. Charmaine parked in the narrow driveway and got out. The cheerful pale yellow paint of the house gleamed in the sunshine. Charmaine had to step over a tiny tricycle left on the sidewalk. She rang the doorbell and Diamond answered.
Dressed in leopard print leggings and a big sweatshirt, Diamond grinned at her. “Hey you, c’mon in.” She kissed Charmaine on the cheek and motioned her inside.
“How’re you doin’ and how is Indyah?” Charmaine said and glanced around. She dropped her purse on the coffee table. The house looked neat enough.
“I’m fine. The baby is doing great. She’s with her grandmamma today.” Diamond led the way into her small living room. “Jessi, well, she’s gettin’ better. That jail scared her. They got a lot of crazy people in there, girl. Damn, I’m glad we pulled together the money for her bail. It wasn’t all her fault this time, Charmaine.
Jessi came down the stairs wearing a silky floral robe and fuzzy bunny slippers. She kissed Charmaine on the cheek and padded into the kitchen. “Don’t bother tryin’ ta convince her, girl. Big sister is going to say it was my crazy ass fault no matter what you say.  You want some coffee?”
Charmaine followed Jessi to the kitchen and sat on one of two stools at the small breakfast bar. “Yes, and I want to know if you’re okay.”
“I’m fine,” Jessi said, and waved a hand without looking at Charmaine. 
Despite her words, Jessi’s hand shook as she picked up two ceramic mugs. Charmaine saw the tremors. When Jessi turned to pick up the glass coffee pot, her swollen right cheek was visible. Charmaine swallowed hard and fought the urge to rush over to her. Jessi didn’t respond well to being babied. Too many years of having to tough out what life threw at her had made her immune to it. 
“How’d that happen to your face?” Charmaine asked.
“Some fool started ranting and raving, swung on me before I could react. I got her back good though, you can believe that.” Jessi dumped three teaspoons of sugar in her own mug and a generous helping of real cream. She pushed the mug of hot black coffee across the counter to Charmaine. 
“That place is more like a psycho ward than a jail,” Diamond added. She sat on a second stool. She accepted a mug from Jessi and sipped. 
“So tell me about this incident that got you arrested, Jessi.” Charmaine squinted at her. 
“I was working the massage house down off Carrollton. Strictly legit, Charmaine and don’t roll your eyes at me,” Jessi added. “Anyway, this foreign fool starts trying to negotiate. I tells him ‘Bitch, this ain’t the discount store and we don’t run sales’. Then he gets up in my face and tries to lay his hands on me. I don’t know who called the police.”
“And that’s another thing, Miss Susie has private security. These little disagreements gets handled on the spot, no cops.” Diamond shook her head. 
“Maybe his buddy that came with him got scared. Betcha one thing, that dude knows how we do business in New Orleans now.” Jessi grunted and sipped coffee. She looked at Charmaine. “Let’s save time. I know all your lectures by heart, so save your breath.”
“No more lectures,” Charmaine said. She frowned and thought about Jessi’s account. Something about the details nagged at her for a few seconds before Jessi’s voice broke into her thoughts.
“Look, I’m doing okay. I’m going to pay you back for the bail cause I know you ain’t got disposable income to be spending on me. Besides, I got savings.” Jessi pulled out a wad of bills and came around the counter. 
“Don’t worry about…” Charmaine shook her head.
Jessi grabbed Charmaine’s purse off the coffee table and carefully stuffed the money into a pocket. She snapped it shut. “Don’t flash that around.”
“Jessi, I don’t need your money,” Charmaine said.
“Quit lyin’, Char. How’d you know so quick about me being arrested anyway? I told Diamond not to call you.” Jessi glanced at her friend.
“Wasn’t me,” Diamond said quickly. 
“Never mind. Just be extra careful for the next few days, okay?” Charmaine said. “You, too, Diamond.”
Jessi gazed at Charmaine for several seconds. “What’s going on?”
Jessi had psychic ability like Charmaine. She heard voices. It started when she was seven. Jessi was in and out of psychiatric treatment and diagnosed as schizophrenic. Charmaine finally figured out that Jessi could hear the dead. Those who were unsettled wanted to tell their stories. One more reason Jessi started smoking pot and doing drugs when she was thirteen, to make the voices go away. The sisters were more than close. At times they could sense, see and hear one another no matter the distance. But the connection wasn’t consistent, more like a spotty cell phone signal. Silence stretched between them.
 “I’ll tell you later. I promise. You don’t need to know right now,” Charmaine replied finally.
You be careful,” Jessi said and walked close to Charmaine. Her voice shook as she crossed her arms tightly against her slender body.
“Scotty is helping me,” Charmaine said. 
Diamond got up and stood between them, her arms on both their shoulders. The three women exchanged hugs.

****

Five days later Keisha sat in the same chair in Charmaine’s home office. But unlike the last time she wasn’t alone. Lorenzo sat next to her. His gaze darted around every few minutes to check his surroundings. Keisha had changed her look. The bright red hair was now a more subdued auburn color. Her rust colored designer sleeveless dress complimented her new hair color and skin. Lorenzo wore a light gray knit cotton shirt tucked into a pair of navy blue slacks. His well shined leather loafers had to be worth at least two hundred dollars. Charmaine was wondering if Keisha had paid for them when he cleared his throat as if to get her attention. Charmaine had allowed Keisha to do most of the talking for the last ten minutes.
“So you’ve had a chance to check out what I told you. Congrats on getting your sister out of jail. But she’ll be back in if you don’t cooperate,” Keisha said in a crisp, business-like tone. 
Charmaine smiled at Lorenzo, and he grinned back. “I’m a little distracted, with everything going on you understand.”
“You’ve had a busy week,” Lorenzo murmured with a smug expression.
“Hmm, yes. Action packed,” Charmaine replied.
Keisha glanced at Lorenzo sharply and then back to Charmaine. “Time to quit messing around. My husband likes to play poker with his old pals at this seedy dump of a night club once a week. Make it look like he got caught up in a drive-by, an innocent bystander in the wrong place at the wrong time. Or maybe a street robbery. That’s it. He was mugged a couple of years ago and he fought back. This time he’s going to lose that fight. Yeah, I like that better. That’s going to be very believable.”
“Clever plan. Except I’m not going to do it,” Charmaine said.
“You will,” Keisha shot back. 
Lorenzo sat forward and stared at Charmaine. “Four years ago Diamond’s abusive boyfriend disappeared. He’d broken her oldest kid’s arm, and beat him senseless. The kid is still a cripple. The guy only got a couple of years in jail for it. Diamond lost custody of the kid.”
“We know where he is, and he ain’t breathin’,” Keisha snapped. “And here’s something even more interesting. Your second step-father went “poof!” back in the day. His family hasn’t seen or heard from him for almost sixteen years. About the same time you and your baby sister ran away from home. With her violent history I’m thinking the police will be very interested in this story, especially one Officer Deon Morehouse. He’s vindictive and mean as hell, still mad at Keisha for reporting that he demanded a blow job during an arrest. She should have kept her mouth shut.”
“I gotta figure out how to get that crook off the police force. But I’m not going to kill your husband. Do it yourself.” Charmaine stood.
“Maybe another trip to the infamous Orleans Parish lock-up for little Jessica will convince you. I don’t think she can take another overnight stay, much less a week or a month.” Keisha stood as well and glared at Charmaine.
“You’ve told me some very colorful stories. You have no evidence, just two overactive imaginations. Go look in the woods off River Road in Chalmette near the Murphy Refinery.” Charmaine watched their expressions go from smug to shock.  “The body they dig up will be an older woman named Marian Durocher. She went missing and so did eighty thousand dollars from her bank account. Keisha, you worked as her caregiver but used a different name. Both her kids died years ago, and nobody cared enough to check on her. That’s a real whodunit, huh?”
Keisha stumbled back and almost fell over the chair. She reached out for Lorenzo, but he’d moved back from her. “How the hell did you... Lorenzo, do something!” 
Lorenzo held up both hands. “Like what?” 
Charmaine wore a razor sharp smile. “So it seems we have a stand-off. No hard evidence on either of us, but enough to make life very unpleasant if the cops start asking questions.”
“We’ll fix you, bitch. Just wait and see.” Keisha grabbed Lorenzo’s arm and pulled him along behind her as she stomped out of the door.
Scotty came into the office from the hallway leading to Charmaine’s house. He went to the window and watched Keisha’s red BMW sedan speed off. “Is that the end?”
“I think so. Keisha is a ruthless black widow, but she’s not stupid.” Charmaine joined Scotty at the window. “I have another problem. Jessi has disappeared.”
“She’s been pulling those vanishing acts for a good long time.” Scotty let go of the curtain and turned to Charmaine. “But this time something is different, huh?”
“Something’s very different, and in a bad way. She’s outta control, Scotty.” Charmaine looked at her friend with a worried frown.
“Then we’ll find her.” Scotty gave Charmaine a big brother type hug.
“I have a feeling we better find her soon,” she said quietly.

****

Charmaine drove through three stop signs and narrowly missed a slow moving car that pulled out from a driveway. She saw flashing lights from a New Orleans police cruiser behind her. Slowing down she pulled her Chevy Equinox along the curb. Her throat tightened until she gasped with the effort to swallow. When the cop car blew by her and kept going, Charmaine hissed out the breath she’d been holding. She trembled with relief that another poor sucker would get stopped this time. Then she began to shake all over. What if that cop was on the way to the same address Charmaine had?
“No time, girl. You got no time to freak out,” Charmaine shouted at herself. 
She gulped in three deep breaths, let them out to steady her nerves, and then drove on. Two and a half miles later she turned on the dimly lit street. The GPS on her phone chimed three times. Charmaine pulled up to the house. When she recognized Scotty’s SUV, Charmaine jammed her car into park and jumped out. In seconds she walked quickly up the cement walkway to the front door. When she pressed a lighted button the bell seemed to clang way too loud. A series of clicks and snapping sounds preceded the door inching open. Then it swung wide. Scotty unlocked the storm door covering the solid wood one.
“Come on in. She’s okay,” he said and smoothly stepped aside to allow Charmaine in. He glanced up and down the street before shutting the door and locking it. “Go down the hall, second bedroom on the left.”
Charmaine nodded and followed his directions. Jessi lay across a full sized bed that took up most of the tiny room. Diamond sat in a stuffed chair staring at a small television with the sound on mute. She pressed a fist to her mouth when she saw Charmaine. Tears rolled down her face.
“I did it this time, Charmaine. You can’t keep saving my psycho ass. I killed that dude.” Jessi looked strangely calm. Her voice was steady. She stared at the bedroom wall, her eyes glassy and her expression blank.
“She’s been like this since we got here. That’s makin’ me more crazy than if she was screaming and bouncin’ off the walls,” Diamond said softly and started crying, a hand over her mouth to muffle her sobs. 
“You need to pull it together. We all gotta think straight. Go get you some water or coffee or something,” Charmaine replied, sounding more composed than she felt inside. 
“’Kay,” Diamond said. She swiped at her face and left the bedroom. 
Charmaine gazed at her sister for a few minutes. She tried to coax Jessi into talking, but got nothing. So she headed back to the living room.
Scotty murmured into the Bluetooth headset looped over his right ear. “Yeah, a quick clean up job. Right, right. Cool. Call me in one hour to check in.”
“How bad is it?” Charmaine dropped her car keys into the cross-body bag she still wore.
“Keisha’s husband is dead in a motel room on the West Bank. Jessi was with him. I’d followed her after getting a tip from a buddy. I bribed a motel maid and got in the room. Front was on the bed naked from the waist down with his throat cut wide open. Jessi was so high we couldn’t get her to make any sense. My buddy and me moved fast and got her outta there.” Scotty shook his head. “How the hell did they set that up?”
“Keisha said she’d deliver some payback. Damn!” Charmaine paced in a circle while raking fingers through her hair. “Damn!”
“I’m pretty sure we weren’t followed,” Scotty said. He strode to the windows and looked out once again.
Diamond came in carrying a tray with cans of soda, a tray of cheese and crackers. “Y’all might as well snack. I’m not sure we can get anything delivered in this neighborhood.”
“Whose house is this?” Charmaine asked and waved away the can of soda Diamond tried to hand her.
“My cousin. She’s visiting relatives in Atlanta, and I told her I’d check on the place. I’ve got a key. Sure you don’t want something on your stomach?” Diamond said. She picked up a cube of pepper jack cheese and nibbled on it.
“No way. I’m close to puking from stress as it is,” Charmaine replied and looked away from the tray. 
“At least we got a few hours to take a breath and think about our next move. My other buddy went over to check out the motel,” Scotty said. He was about to go on but his cell phone vibrated. He answered and listened.
“I’ve got relatives in Trinidad. We can go there, me, my baby and Jessi.” 
“What in the hell kind of dumb idea is that? You don’t have passports,” Charmaine blurted out. Then she sighed. “I’m sorry, it’s just... I’m losing my grip right now.”
“It’s okay, Char,” Diamond said. Then she grinned at Charmaine. “But we do have passports. Me and Jessi got ‘em last year. We’ve been talking about a trip to my homeland for almost two years.” 
“Sweetie, I doubt that’s a workable plan now,” Charmaine said as she tucked a braid behind Diamond’s ear. 
Scotty walked over and broke into their conversation. “Right. You probably won’t get out of this neighborhood, much less past airport security. The police are looking for all of us.”
“Shit,” Diamond hissed and tightly wrapped both arms around her curvy body.
Charmaine’s pulled out her cell phone. “I got a text from Keisha.”
“What’s she sayin’?” Scotty frowned.
“Gloating,” Charmaine replied through clenched teeth and read the message aloud. “Little sis going 2 jail for murder. Got u bitch lol.” Then the phone rang, this time playing Charmaine’s favorite Jill Scott tune. She hit green button and put it on speaker. Keisha’s raucous laughter scraped Charmaine’s eardrum. 
“Every one of you is going to prison. Bye-bye-eee,” Keisha sang and hung up.
“Uh-uh, we can’t let her play us like this,” Diamond burst out. She jumped up and down like a kid having a tantrum while her hands flapped wildly. “Let’s call my brother Jon-Jon and ‘nem. His boys will take her out.”
“No,” Charmaine said forcefully. She grabbed Diamond by the shoulders forcing her to be still. “We can’t run around doing stupid stuff because we’re in a panic. That’s the best way to make things worse.”
“Besides, the cops are already looking for Jessi; they’ve got her name and description. By now they know her family and friends, and their friends and relatives.” Scotty strode to the window, peeked out and came back to stand next to Charmaine. 
“I gotta think,” Charmaine said. 
She resumed pacing for another ten minutes. Diamond slumped onto the floral sofa and stared ahead at nothing in particular. Scotty kept working his cell phone as he prowled through the house. He checked the backyard through the kitchen window and looked at the houses in the neighborhood. Finally Charmaine stopped pacing. She glanced at her phone again, cursed and threw it on the sofa. Then she covered her face with both hands. Seconds later Charmaine’s head jerked up and her hands dropped. She found Scotty in the kitchen sucking down a beer and nodding as he listened to a voice on his Bluetooth headset. 
“Hold on a minute, Raheem,” he said when Charmaine walked up to him fast.
“Have the cops gone to that hotel yet?” Charmaine asked.
“Hell yeah. We barely made it before they did. My boys say they pulled up about ten minutes after we left.” Scotty hit his cell phone’s mute button. “What are you thinking?”
“Can you find out what time the 911 call got to the cops, and what time they got there?” Charmaine reached out and clutched his arm. Her heart beat so hard her chest seemed to vibrate. 
“Yeah, but what’s that gonna do?” Scotty blinked at her rapidly.
“Just find out. I’m going to talk to Jessi. Be right back.” Charmaine spun around and raced to the bedroom.
“Okay, but...” Scotty called out.
Charmaine kept going. Forty minutes later Charmaine and Jessi came back to the living room. Scotty walked in from the kitchen with a grimace on his dark, handsome face. Diamond stood up.
Charmaine wrapped an arm around Jessi. “We’re going to give ourselves up to the police.”

****

Three hours later, just after midnight, Charmaine sat on a hard chair in the Seventh District Police Station on Dwyer Road. Jessi had been taken to a separate room. Obviously the police didn’t want them getting their stories lined up as they were questioned. Charmaine knew they’d sized up Jessi as the weakest link. Charmaine was worried about Jessi, but not for the reasons the police probably thought. This was a risky move, but they didn’t have a better alternative. Jessi seemed beaten down and numb, as if all the years of misery had suddenly overwhelmed her. 
Detective Harrison wore a powder blue NOPD shirt tucked into his black slacks. He gazed at her from his position in the chair opposite Charmaine. His expression seemed sympathetic. “Look, your sister is a little bitty girl. She must have felt threatened.”
“She always feels threatened, detective. You get that way from being beaten and raped repeatedly before you make your sweet sixteen birthday.” Charmaine glanced to her left at the wide mirrored glass set into the wall like a window. “Keisha Front on the other side, huh?”
“I know you and your sister had it real rough. Maybe this is a way you can get her some help,” Detective Harrison replied, ignoring her question.
His words pricked at Charmaine. She let out a shaky sigh, but managed to hold onto her emotions and not cry. She wanted more than anything for Jessi to stop hurting, to live without drugging herself into oblivion. Charmaine stiffened her spine and steadied her breathing. She gazed back at him.
“You’re hard-core. I get it,” Detective Harrison said. He started to speak again, but stopped when the interview room door swung open. A tall white officer came in.
“The story checks out. Every detail,” the police officer said and glanced at Charmaine. 
Twenty minutes later Charmaine walked out between the two men. They went to a large room filled with desks. Police officers came and went looking serious. A few talked on the phone. When Jessi appeared accompanied by a policewoman, Charmaine rushed over and hugged her. 
Charmaine brushed down her sister’s tussled hair. “It’s going to be okay. I promise.” 
Two other detectives ushered in Keisha and Lorenzo. Keisha glared at them. “This is a bunch of bullshit! What do you mean I need to ‘go with this detective to an interview room’? I’m not going anywhere.”
“They want to get our statements is all. Calm down,” Lorenzo said firmly as his gaze darted back and forth. “Starting a riot up in here is not a good idea.”
“They killed my poor husband. You need to arrest those two,” Keisha yelled and brushed Lorenzo’s hand from her arm. She pointed at Charmaine and then pressed a wad of tissues to her eyes, even though not one tear had fallen. “James wasn’t a saint, but he didn’t deserve to die because he picked up a psycho prostitute.”
“Maybe they will arrest us for something, but not murder. Thanks for the text and phone call, Keisha,” Charmaine spat out.
“What?” Keisha frowned, an expression of confusion twisting her face.
“I told you to shut the hell up,” Lorenzo mumbled.
“I’m glad she’s so talkative. The police will be asking how you knew Jessi would be wanted for murder three minutes after the 911 operator got the call.” Charmaine nodded as Keisha’s mouth dropped open. “Yeah, and before the first cop found the body.”
“She’s lying!” Keisha shouted as two police officers led her away. “You gonna listen to her? Don’t touch me! I’ve got friends, important people. I’m calling my lawyer.”
“Look man,” Lorenzo stammered and wiped a large hand over his face. “I don’t know nothin’ about nothin’. Okay? I’m just a friend who agreed to drive her down here so she could get justice. All I’m doing is tryin’ to help the lady out. I haven’t even known her that long,” Lorenzo protested frantically. His voice faded as he was led away. 
Jessi leaned her head on Charmaine’s shoulder. “I’m so tired, Char.”
“We’ll be home soon, sweetie,” Charmaine said quietly and kissed the top of her tangled curls.
“How did you know the Front’s house had cameras installed inside?” Detective Harrison asked Charmaine. His dark eyebrows went up giving him a suspicious expression.
“They live in a lovely home, nice area but we have a high crime rate. Makes sense don’t you think?” Charmaine kept her expression neutral.
“That thing about Mrs. Front texting you was shaky, circumstantial, even if it was suspicious. The video of her and Thomas hauling what looks like a body out of the house is going to be harder for them to explain. You two dodged a bullet this go round. I strongly suggest you help your sister change her lifestyle, ma’am.” Detective Harrison said, bass voice pitched deep with intensity as he made his point.
“Yes, sir,” Charmaine said and pulled Jessi against her protectively.

****

The next morning Scotty and Diamond sat in Charmaine’s kitchen at the table in an alcove. The cheerful yellow and green decor contrasted greatly with the dark hours they’d spent earlier. Sunshine streamed through the windows above the sink. Scotty shoved a mound of eggs into his mouth. Diamond munched on a slice of bacon. Diamond’s little girl sat in a chair with a fist full of grits. She was happily getting more food on her face than in her mouth. 
“I’m glad to see the sun come up on a new day,” Charmaine said. “That’s a blues song my last foster mother used to sing. And that’s exactly how I feel.”
“Jessi is still knocked out. I mean she looks like she’s in a coma,” Diamond said as she tried to wipe her toddler’s cheeks clean. 
“Once she finally felt safe, Jessi could relax,” Charmaine replied calmly. 
“She’s right, Diamond. I’ve seen big strong dudes do the same thing. They just fall out after running on adrenalin for hours, even days,” Scotty added. 
“Don’t worry, Diamond. We’re all going to be okay.” Charmaine wiped her hands on the kitchen towel. Then she blew a kiss at little Indyah. 
Scotty wiped his mouth with a paper napkin and sat back. “By the way, Charmaine, how did you know that Front had hidden video cameras in his house?”
“Humph, he knew Keisha was up to no good I bet,” Diamond put in and continued swabbing down her squirming toddler.
Charmaine leaned against the counter. “I didn’t. Jessi told me.”
Scotty wore a baffled expression as he digested her reply for a few seconds. “Wait a minute, Jessi knew Front before?” 
“No,” Charmaine said.
“Then how...” Scotty blinked exchanged a glance with Diamond who shrugged.
“James Leland Front told Jessi. The dead seem drawn to her, those who can’t move on and want to tell their stories. I had to hypnotize her to get the details.”
“Damn,” Scotty and Diamond exclaimed in unison.
“Keisha and Lorenzo will go to prison for a long time. Too bad about Lorenzo cause he was good company. At least I got that little bonus before I had to burn him,” Charmaine said. She grinned at them and went back to washing the breakfast dishes. 




Night Magic Sample


Savannah strode into the large, professionally decorated office. Without a word she stood in front of the large oak desk.
"Did you finish that report?" Bill Clayton did not look up from the file he was reading.
"Yes sir. Now I'm through with everything." Savannah slapped down the report and in rapid succession another single sheet of paper with only one short typewritten paragraph.
"Resign? I don't think you really want to do this." Clayton held up the single sheet of paper to someone who was behind her.
"That is exactly what I want." Startled to find Devin suddenly at her shoulder, Savannah tried to maintain her firm, calm exterior. She had thought Clayton was alone in his office.
"This is an overreaction. You should give yourself a chance to cool off before doing something so rash." Devin spoke in his celebrated measured tone. Handing the resignation back to Clayton, he stood beside the senior partner's large leather chair.
"He’s right, St. Julien. I know things have been tough since that foul up on the McNealy case, but--"
"The McNealy file was altered after I had completed and analyzed that research." Savannah could feel her self-control slipping.
"Stop and think, Savannah. Until now you've been doing some of the best work of all six associates. Why would you give up this kind of position in a firm where international reputations are made? It simply makes no sense." Clayton shook his head.
"Mr. Clayton, maybe a vacation would be an alternative. A break from the stress of keeping up here at the office."Devin was the picture of solicitude.
His dark handsome face wore the appropriate worried look of a concerned friend. Savannah could not help noticing, as she had the first day they met, his impeccable taste in clothes. The pinstripe blue suit, light blue shirt, red and blue silk tie with matching handkerchief tucked just so in his coat pocket, all said here was a young man who was on his way to the top. What she had first found so appealing she now found appalling. He had pretended to be her friend and even wooed her. Savannah let down her guard, telling him about her deepest feelings. Tentatively, she shared her childhood hurt at losing her mother and feeling shut out by her father. She had begun to trust him and believe they could be more than friends. That he would not hurt her. But seeing him playfully pat Karen on her behind when they thought they were alone had proven his betrayal. Karen was blonde with the shape and walk of a model rather than an ambitious young attorney. She had been cold and condescending to Savannah as frequently as possible, openly fuming when she was praised for good work. Karen, who lately had known as much about Savannah's assignments as Savannah did. Karen, who tried to convince the partners whenever they reviewed cases that Savannah wasn't quite up to the big ones.
"When I finished that report it was perfect. You remember, Devin. I left the office at about seven that night. You and Karen were still here." She stared at him hard.
"That was weeks ago. Besides, all the nights we've worked late how would I recall--" His voice trailed off lamely before he shrugged.
"Yes, all those nights working late. With Karen."
"Never mind that now." Clayton glanced between them speculatively for a few seconds. "Listen, we have several important clients in the southern part of the state. In fact, one in your hometown, or near there, is having some trouble. You could go down. As Devin said, less pressure, a slower pace. A nice visit with the family."
"I don't know." Savannah felt a sudden pang at the mention of going home.
"You people are too emotional, impulsive. Take my advice; give yourself time to cool off." Clayton wore a look of indulgence as he spoke in a placating tone.
"You people, just what the hell does that mean?" His words cut through the pang of remembering causing her to place both hands on her hips.
"Hold on, I meant you young people. Devin." Clayton nodded toward the door, a signal that he should go.
"Of course." He was obviously reluctant to leave them alone but had no choice."Listen to me, Savannah," Clayton started as the door clicked shut. "Don't junk a promising career. Take some time for yourself. Say three weeks."
"Don't think I'm not grateful for what you've done; I am. But this isn't just a whim. I've been thinking about going into practice on my own for while now. This is just the kick in the butt I needed to really do something about it."
"Take as long as you need a month, two."
"Come on, there are dozens lined up to take my place."
"In this game, nothing is done out of pure altruism. You brought big money into this firm from some of the most successful minority and women owned businesses in this region. Frankly, why should I gamble on an unknown when we already have a winner? Those two are amateur sharks, you can learn to deal with that and more. We both know it."
"That's just what I'm afraid of, learning to deal with them then becoming one of them. No, it's better this way." Savannah shook hands with him.
"Some of our best clients may jump ship when they hear you're gone." Clayton's eyebrows came together.
"I haven't discussed this with anyone, but naturally I won't turn down business." Savannah lifted a shoulder.
"I understand. Good luck, St. Julien." Clayton rose to shake her hand."Don't burn this old soldier too badly when you set the world on fire."
"No promises, Mr. Clayton." Savannah called over her shoulder as she left his office. Devin appeared from nowhere, blocking her exit.
"So that's it. You're leaving behind an ugly accusation that may affect my future with this firm. After what I've done for you?" Devin spoke in an undertone, aware they were the center of attention.
"Not quite."
A loud crack rang out as her palm connected solidly with his face. With one motion, she scooped up her leather portfolio and pushed her way through the glass door toward the elevator. The sound of applause from the secretaries and legal assistants followed her. Before the doors whisked shut, the last thing she saw was the stunned, then enraged expression on his face.

*****

Savannah pressed the button causing the car window to slide down smoothly. Glancing up, she frowned at her reflection in the rear view mirror. With one quick tug, the tortoise shell barrette that held her thick mane of black hair in check opened with a snap. The feel of it tumbling about her shoulders brought a smile.
"Humm, better. Much better." She winked at her reflection.
Savannah felt released. Not just from the conservative hairstyle she'd adopted that blended so well with the decor of the prestigious law firm she'd left behind, but released from an invisible bond that held her to a world far removed from her childhood in the Creole culture of south Louisiana.
The first two weeks after leaving the firm had been a vacation. Savannah had taken time to regroup and say goodbye to all of her friends. The last week had been a blur of tying up loose ends. Packing several years of her life proved harder emotionally than physically. Even though over a month had passed since her abrupt departure from Clayton, Briggs, and Schuster, she was still angry. Angry at the way she had been treated. Angry at Devin's betrayal. Sure, cutthroat competition was to be expected between associates, but what he and Karen had done went far beyond that. They used dirty tricks. She could still Devin's voice making excuses.
"Lying, two-faced dog." Savannah muttered.
Yes, leaving was the right thing to do. It's over. Now relax. She flexed her fingers to relieve the stiffness in her hands. Loosening her tense grip on the steering wheel, she sank back into the bucket seat
The warm, humid breeze across her face felt so good. The September sun beat down on the countryside. Slowing down just a little, her eyes swept the scene surrounding her. The two lane highway snaked through lush growth of palmetto and swamp willow. Mixed in with the shadows cast by trees, sunlight dappled bayous could be seen on either side at intervals. The sky was cloudless, a brilliant blue framing the bright green foliage stretching up to it. A profusion of brown-eyed susans swayed in the wind. They crowded right up to the paved road, their yellow heads bobbing. She breathed deeply, taking in the rich scent filling the car. How she had missed this vibrant growth, the kind that seemed to explode over night. This was the enchanted forest of her childhood. During the summer months there had been long, blissful hours spent roaming the countryside. With her playmates, occasionally with her father, but mostly with Tante Marie. How wonderful it had been learning the names of all the wild flowers and herbs from Tante Marie. She could even see the affectionate, slightly sad smile papa gave her when she would hand him a bouquet she'd picked just for him.
A flash of white in the corner of her eye drew her attention back to the present. A snowy egret began a graceful descent, large wings flapping slowly as it settled beside several others amongst the tall reeds. Stinging tears blurred her vision. Convinced now more than ever that this was where she needed to be, Savannah pressed the accelerator. She felt an almost desperate to get home.
Suddenly a large four wheel drive vehicle pulled from a small dirt road leading out of the woods. Though she saw it coming, she had gathered so much speed she was sure they would slam together. Jamming her brakes, she jerked the wheel sharply missing the front of the other vehicle by inches. She jumped out of her car, anxious to see if the other driver was all right. A dark haired man wearing sunglasses leaned out of his window.
"What's your problem lady, you haven't gotten your quota of road kill today?" With an angry blast of his horn he began to drive off.
"No, you idiot. I've got a few notches left for stupid country boys who can't read stop signs!" Savannah gave him a three fingered salute. "Stupid jerk. Well, welcome home."
She continued the ride home now as tense as before. The town looked pretty much the same. Except more prosperous now that tourism had taken off due to the interest in the French speaking bayou country. Savannah turned the car down Rougon Street, cutting away from the center of town toward her old neighborhood. Approaching the large house, a lump rose in her throat. Sitting well back from the black top street, the spacious wood frame house looked as inviting as ever. The white paint gleamed in the sunshine, set off dramatically by the dark green trim of the windows. Climbing the porch steps, Savannah took time to get reacquainted with the beloved window boxes of bright flowers, the cypress swing that she had shared with Tante Marie on summer evenings after supper. Lost in memories, it took a while for her to realize that the Creole tune she heard came from inside the house, not her head.
"Tante Marie!" She called, her voice unsteady. She cleared her throat. The rich contralto voice stopped.
"That my baby?" Tante Marie came to the porch still wearing her apron. Her hair was pulled back in a bun, the way she wore it when she cooked. She laughed and squeezed Savannah, her full round face glowing with pleasure.
"You look fine as ever." Savannah pinched her aunt's cheek playfully.
"Go 'head now. You the one. Lord, Lord. You down to nothin', cher. But we gone fix that, yeah." Tante Marie held her at arms' length, looking at her niece's trim waist line. "Done lost all them fine hips."
"Not all, no indeed." Savannah chuckled, patting the full hips that curved to fill out the straight legged jeans she wore.
For the next hour she carried in her luggage, all the while keeping up a steady stream of chatter with her aunt. Tante Marie brought her up to date on current events in Beau Chene.
"You seen your papa yet?" Tante Marie hung up several dresses in the armoire that stood in Savannah's old bedroom.
"Not yet. Is he all right, I mean has he been doing pretty well?" Savannah didn't look up from the suitcase she was unpacking.
"Cher, he miss you. Go see him." Tante Marie took the clothes from Savannah's hands.
At this time of day, she knew exactly where to find her father. The once slightly shabby store fronts housing mom and pop businesses were now replaced by newly restored shops selling antiques, arts and crafts made by locals, Creole restaurants, and even a few art galleries. As she pulled into a parking space directly across from her father's store, Savannah sat in the car for a few moments to gather her courage. Seeing her father again was what she wanted most yet dreaded. He was the big, strong handsome man she had passionately adored. For as long as she could remember, she had wanted to please him. But would he welcome her now? Her mother's death had left an empty space between them that neither found a way to fill. Talking was never easy. Somehow what started out as a discussion always ended in conflict. Taking a deep breath, Savannah vowed to make this reunion peaceful. A large, finely carved cypress sign with "Antoine's " hung over the door. The tingle of a bell over the door caused her father to look up from rearranging a shelf of small carved animals.
"Hello, Poppy." Savannah stood uncertainly just inside the door.
"Hello, sweetheart. Come give the old man a hug."Her father stood straight and reached out his arms. Savannah dropped her large handbag on the counter and allowed herself to be swept up in his embrace. She buried her face in his shirt the way she had when she was a little girl seeking solace after some mishap. She breathed in the familiar smell of wood and his favorite old fashion after shave, lilac vegetal. The fear that he would still be angry or hurt that she had left home dissolved. She pulled back hastily wiping the tears pushing at her eyelids despite her efforts at control.
"How have you been doing, Poppy?" Cupping his face in her hands, she tried to make the question sound casual. Yet she couldn't help but notice that he looked older. And tired.
"Can't complain, baby. Can't complain. Come on over here and tell me how you been doin'." He led her into his small office where he had two old comfortable chairs.
Savannah noticed he moved a little slower than before. Yet he still cut a dashing figure. His six foot two inch frame was as erect as she remembered. The broad chest and brawny arms were evident even beneath the old long sleeved flannel shirt he wore. His skin, usually the color of walnut, was still the darker mahogany brown that came from spending days outside in the hot Louisiana summer sun. To her, the gray hair at his temples made him look distinguished. But there was more of it than when she had visited at Christmas last year. He eased into the swivel chair behind the desk after setting two steaming cups between them.
"More important, how are you?"
"I'm okay. No, really," She reiterated at her father's stern look. "It was hard at first but I'm just fine now. Besides, I wasn't that crazy about living in Shreveport."
"The way you used to talk, it was like you had died and gone to heaven. Remember, how we had to beg you to come home that first Thanksgiving after you had moved? And then all you did was talk about that law firm." He sounded skeptical that she could give up her new life so painlessly.
"I would have thought you'd be glad. When I decided to take that job, we got into a big fight. You said I was too young to be so far away." She stared into her coffee cup. That was not all they said. The argument became heated until both said things they later regretted. But it was too painful to repeat the bitter words they had exchanged.
"I'm so sorry for that. I was being selfish, too wrapped up in my own pain to give you the support you needed. I never told you how proud you made me. But every time I looked into your eyes, I saw your mother. I just felt like I was losin' Therese all over again." He turned away, his voice breaking.
"I'm sorry too, Poppy. I should have understood how you felt." She reached out and took his hands in hers.
"Well, now you're home." Antoine squeezed her hand once before letting go. "Guess you wanna just take it easy for awhile, huh? Get yourself settled."
"I could use a rest. But it's got to be a short one, finding a job is next on the list."
"You don't have to rush into nothin', cher. You know that. Like I told you before you left, my business is good and what's mine is yours." Antoine got up to refill his cup.
"I like earning my own way. And I like being a lawyer." Savannah was beginning to feel the familiar tightness in her stomach.
"All right, all right. Let's not fuss. Do what you think best." Just then the battered old rotary phone on his desk rang. Picking it up on the second ring, Antoine began taking a mail order. He handed Savannah a small color catalogue. "Look at that, we ship outta state now." He whispered. "Yes sir, that right. It's five dollars off. A special sale 'til the end of the month."
"This is great."Savannah admired the photography. Her father's wood carvings of animals were set in reproductions of the natural bayou or forest habitats. She uttered a tiny delighted cry to see a selection of food items. Apparently, the years of nagging had paid off. Tante Marie, her father's older sister, had finally decided to share her wonderful dishes with the world.
"Say, what's the matter? Y'all don't want to make money today? This is no way to treat customers." A male voice boomed aggressively. The bell over the door jingled in the background.
Startled, Savannah dropped the catalogue. Hurrying through the door, she almost upset a row of ceramic figures. Holding her breath, she gently rearranged them. After checking that none were broken, she turned abruptly and collided into a broad chest. Two large hands cupped her shoulders. Suddenly, she found herself looking up into a pair of eyes the color of almonds. For a moment she felt lost in them. Savannah gazed at the strong, smooth hands that held her. She took in the dark eyebrows that stood out so wonderfully against his smooth brown complexion.
"You okay? I was coming to save them, too."He smiled down at her, revealing a small space between his two front teeth.
"Uh-huh."That was all she could manage. For some inexplicable reason, that one small flaw in an otherwise perfect row of even ivory teeth set her heart to fluttering. She fumbled with the figures a little longer than she needed to trying to regain her balance. But turning to see the tall, dashing man still smiling destroyed whatever composure she had managed to gain. Great, the first good-looking man you meet and you stumble around like a dimwit.

*****

Paul stared at the dark hair that brushed his chest as Savannah turned her back to him suddenly to arrange the figures on the shelf. The smell of her perfume, a light floral scent, was so pleasing he leaned toward her as almost a reflex action. When just as suddenly she turned back to face him, he stepped back quickly.
"Just making sure you didn't need any more rescuing." He smiled his best shy smile.
"Is that your Jeep?" The beginning smile on her face froze instantly. She pointed to the dark green vehicle parked outside. She suddenly found his smile too smug.
"Sure is, a real beauty I'm sure you agree."
"You almost killed me today, fool." Savannah glared at him.
"Out on the old highway? That was you? Well, well. You were driving kind of recklessly you know. But I'll forgive you for not yielding, this time anyway."
"Say what?" Savannah's already anger began to boil. She could not believe this. Did he think his charm would make almost smashing into her all right?
"Now I know I should have stopped to examine you closely for injuries." Paul gave her a sassy grin.
"You were too busy being an--" Savannah stopped
"Hey, Paul. How you doin', man? You done met my little girl I see." Antoine gave Paul a hearty clap on the shoulder.
"Oh, yes. I sure have. But we didn't formally introduce ourselves. Paul Honorè." He nodded to her.Savannah gave him a tight smile. "Mr. Honorè--"
"Paul, please."
"Paul," She said. The smile became even tighter.
"Paul is an engineer with his own business." Antoine beamed at him.
"Well, actually my partner Sam and I share ownership with the bank." Paul gave a short laugh.
"Came to get them decoys for your daddy, huh? Work goin' okay I hear."Antoine took over. Finding them in the cabinet nearby, he carefully wrapped each meticulously carved decoy in old newspaper before putting them in a large box. Savannah wore a careful mask of disinterest as she took his payment and handed him a receipt. Seeing the smooth brown hands reach out, she imagined what the skin on his chest or shoulders looked like. In an instant, she pictured dark curly hair spread across his chest reaching down to his navel. She became aware that their hands had brushed lightly. The place where contact had been made tingled. She snatched her hand back, placing it on her hip.
Paul grinned at her, only succeeding in making her even more determined to resist him. He, on the other hand, gazed at her in dismay. Things were not going well. And to make things worse, his reaction to her was not the usual animal attraction he felt when faced with a beautiful woman. He actually cared what she thought about him. Not just in the short-term until he knew the thrill of overcoming her resistance. And why was he so fascinated by the movement of her hair? Or thinking of her skin, comparing it to the color of dark honey? When she withdrew her hand as if she didn't want it to be soiled, his jaw tightened in irritation. Obviously this woman didn't think much of him. He turned abruptly to her father, so she would not see the effect she was having on him.
"By the way, I ran into Kyle Singleton's foreman the other day. He says the plant is going to be fully operational in two months or less. Trosclair got the go ahead from DEQ last week," Paul said.
"Don't matter, no. They gone hafta cross me to keep that thing right in our backyard, that's the truth. Jackson, he says we gotta good case for to appeal that decision." Antoine nodded in the direction of the lawyers' office.
"Well, I'll be seeing you later, Ms. Savannah." He emphasized the Ms. and made as if to tip an imaginary hat.
"Whatever." Savannah without looking at him, her tone suggesting that she had forgotten he was present and certainly didn't care if he left.
"Coo!" Her father laughed. "What was that about? Y'all just met an' already fussin'."
"He thinks a whole lot more of his charm than I do. But what is this about some plant you're opposed to?" Savannah was genuinely interested in their last exchange, and anxious to get away from the subject of Paul Honorè lest her father notice too much.
"Claude Trosclair put one of his Batton Chemical Corporation plants right near Easy Town. They gone burn toxic waste. We ain't gone let 'em though. We got too many them things all along this river already. And mighty strange they is most time built next to our neighborhoods. All that land he own, he didn't sell near his fancy big house or over near no other white people."
"I read several articles recently about charges of environmental racism in different parts of the country. The big companies deny it. They claim to choose sites that make good business sense, like being near companies that need their services or have good access to water or rail transportation routes." Savannah frowned in concentration, trying to remember her limited knowledge of environmental law.
"Bull! They just figure we too poor to fight, or too dumb. But Mr. Trosclair wrong if he think we just gonna roll over this time." Antoine spit out the name as if it were something nasty he was trying to get off his tongue.
"Claude Trosclair is a powerful man in this state. He doesn't like having his plans blocked. The last time you tied in with him. Just be careful, Poppy."Savannah was worried now. Her father had been nearly killed in an "accident" while he was fishing one day eight years ago, this during a dispute over property Antoine owned. The Trosclairs claimed it was originally part of the plantation, and thus rightfully theirs. Antoine had escaped serious injury when he fell from his boat into the chilly waters of Bayou Teche. He'd managed to hang onto a floating log for a half hour when another fisherman saw him and got help. The accident was suspicious because it was well known the way Antoine traveled in the bayou and he knew it like the back of his hand. He knew the submerged log had not been in the spot between the large swamp cypresses the day before. The speed of his motor boat made the impact hurl him several feet into the air. Though nothing could be proved, the unwanted scrutiny brought on by this coincidental event caused Trosclair to back off.
"Be careful. Promise, Poppy."
"Don't worry now, cher. Your papa, he can take care of himself." He hugged her to him.
Savannah nodded uncertainly. She knew her father was a strong man and not easily taken down, but he couldn't keep dodging danger forever. Despite his confident words, she felt a sense of foreboding. The mere thought of losing Antoine was more than she could bear. She tightened her embrace and pushed away the frightening image of him lying hurt in the swamp.





A Darker Shade of Midnight Sample

Audiobook Available at:
Amazon.com
Audible.com
iTunes

LaShaun lit a long tapered white candle on the altar and sat down on a bench near the front of The Immaculate Heart of Mary Church in Los Angeles. The white marble statue softly reflected dozens of flames. The Virgin Mary looked down with a serene expression of acceptance and forgiveness. No matter what sins those who sought refuge had committed, she was willing to absolve. LaShaun tried to pray, but the words stuck in her throat. 
“Hello, child,” a quiet voice spoke with the lilt of a Latino accent. 
The rustle of fabric caused the flames to waver. LaShaun looked up. The nun wore an expression not unlike the statue before them. Even at fifty, Sister Adalia had the smooth brown skin of a woman ten years younger.
“I’m okay, Sister.” LaShaun started to stand, but a light touch on her shoulder from the nun’s hand stopped her.
“You’re here because your heart is at peace?” 
“You know me too well,” LaShaun replied with a smile that soon faded. “I have to go home.”
“I see.” Sister Adalia sat next to her with a soft sigh. “You’ve come a long way, not just in miles. Maybe it’s time.” 
“Monmon Odette needs me. No matter what our differences, she loves me. But if I go back… will I be tempted to slip into my old ways?” LaShaun fingered the red onyx beads of the bracelet on her right wrist. The golden cross that dangled from it felt comforting against her skin.
“You’re a changed person. That change goes deeper than you think,” Sister Adalia said.
“And the spirit I summoned?” LaShaun whispered the forbidden truth that she had shared with Sister Adalia. Only one other person knew, Monmon Odette.
“We humans do more than enough evil on our own. Don’t give the devil and his minions so much credit.” 
“You and I know there are angels. There are demons at work in the world as well. My family has mixed the old religions from Africa with Catholicism for generations. More than a few of us have paid the price. I can’t run from fate anymore.” LaShaun bowed her head.
“You needed that time and distance to find yourself. The strength of your ancestors is in your blood.” Sister Adalia looked at the cross that hung on the wall in an alcove behind the altar.
“I hope you’re right, sister.” LaShaun raised her head to look at Sister Adalia, and then followed her gaze to the cross.
“Now faith is the substance of things hoped for, the evidence of things not seen,” Sister Adalia quoted the scripture in a reverent tone.
“The old religion warns there is a price to pay for dealing with spirits. So does the Bible.”
“Our Blessed Mother will protect and guide you. Of that I’m sure. However, if you need a human ear, call me. Better yet, send a text or a tweet. I’ve got my new smart phone. ” Sister Adalia patted the pocket of her dark blue jumper. 
LaShaun laughed. “Twenty-first century nun to the rescue.”
“Our order already has a Facebook page,” Sister Adalia said, laughing with her. They stood together and walked to the altar filled with lit candles. 
“Thank you for being my friend.” LaShaun squeezed her hand.
“I’m glad we met. You’ll be just fine,” Sister Adalia replied.
Before LaShaun could respond a gust of warm air pushed down the center aisle of the pews. The candle flames danced crazily, but didn’t go out. The lights of the church dimmed and long shadows on the walls gave the impression of a crowd in the sanctuary. Sister Adalia gasped and made of the sign cross. The warmth changed to a chill in seconds. Then the light grew strong again.
“May God be with you.” Sister Adalia let go of LaShaun’s hand. Her dark eyes sparkled with alarm. 
With a nod goodbye, LaShaun left the church and went out into the crisp night air. She drove to the townhouse where she lived in the bedroom community of Hawaiian Gardens, California outside Los Angeles. She opened the front door just in time to pick up the ringing phone. A family member told her what she already had sensed. There were dark, sad days ahead. 

****

LaShaun sat calm amid the bustling activity at the small sheriff’s station. Apparently, folks got into a lot of mischief Saturday nights on the bayou. Despite being so busy, the deputies and civilian employees found time to shoot sideways looks in her direction. Likely only a few actually needed to be near the area where she was seated. With the exception of Deputy Myrtle Arceneaux, the only black female deputy on the force. Her copper brown skin blended with the tints in her hair. No doubt she had the duty of making sure LaShaun did not attempt to leave the premises. Deputy Arceneaux sat at a nearby desk rustling paperwork. Deputy Chase Broussard had pulled her over then had her follow him to the station.  He was somewhere trying to figure out a way to charge LaShaun with a crime serious enough to make her spend the night in jail.
LaShaun wore an impassive expression, a skill she had learned as a girl at her grandmother’s knee. Lucky for them Monmon Odette was seventy-seven and ailing or she’d have show up to quietly scare the jeebies out of them. Her ability to exact revenge using voodoo was legendary in Vermillion Parish, Louisiana. Monmon Odette loved playing the part of a modern Marie Leveau. Despite her circumstances, LaShaun laughed softly at the memory of how her grandmother relished the notoriety, and used it to great advantage. LaShaun fingered the necklace she wore.
The young secretary seated at the front desk stared. She seemed fascinated by the snake pendant. Made of silver with carnelian stones for eyes, it hung from a red leather cord. LaShaun transferred her placid gaze from a spot on the drab light green wall to the skinny blonde-haired clerk. The woman jumped and blinked rapidly when their gazes met.
“Hello, Darlene,” LaShaun said quietly. 
“How do you know my name,” Darlene said, her voice squeaky and eyes wide.
“Name tag.” LaShaun pointed to the brass plate fixed to a wooden bar on her desk.
Darlene blinked rapidly some more, then let out a high-pitched giggle. “Well duh, Darlene. Nobody needs a crystal ball to know that.” 
Another woman marched up. She looked ten years older than Darlene. Her too perfect red hair convinced LaShaun that it came from a bottle. Freckles covered her pale face. She gave LaShaun a brief sideways look then frowned at Darlene. “What are you doing?”
“Just being polite,” Darlene replied. “LaShaun, this is Terry Ramirez. She works over in robbery and-”
“Stop chit chatting and get back to work.” Terry jerked a thumb toward a stack of folders.
“Right,” Darlene said obediently, but frowned when Terry turned her back. She stood, gathered folders, and gave LaShaun a wink before she strolled off.
 “LaShaun?” 
Turning toward the voice, LaShaun found herself face to face with Savannah St. Julien Honoré, her childhood nemesis growing up in Beau Chene. Savannah’s honey brown skin blended well with the golden highlights in her hair. She stood next to a sullen young woman. Terry lingered nearby and thumbed through papers on Darlene’s desk. 
“Hello, Savannah.” LaShaun looked at her.  Her long hair pulled back into ponytail, Savannah wore navy blue slacks, a crisp light blue shirt and carried a leather case. “You’re representing a client? I thought you retired from the law to run the family business.”
Savannah nodded to the young woman. “Go on, Nyla. Come to my office nine o’clock sharp tomorrow morning.” 
“Okay.” Nyla strode off with one last scornful look around to let law enforcement know she didn’t think much of them.
“I practice part-time, mostly pro bono for kids in trouble. You need a lawyer- again?” Savannah’s expression implied she wasn’t shocked.
“Not me. This is just a misunderstanding,” LaShaun said.
“Sure it is,” Savannah replied in a dry tone. “Sorry to hear about your grandmother being so sick.”
LaShaun gazed at Savannah. She really meant it. Of course she did. Savannah had always been the “good girl”, the polar opposite of what the town folk thought of LaShaun.  “Thanks. She’s gotten weaker, but she’s strong willed.”
“Yeah, everybody knows. So how long will you be in town?”
“Don’t worry. We’ll have time to do lunch and catch up on old times.” LaShaun smiled.
“Definitely. Wait by the phone for that call.” Savannah gave her a tight smile and walked off. 
“See you later.” 
LaShaun waved to Savannah when she looked back once more before exiting the station. Terry stared at LaShaun across the room with a stony expression. Moments later Deputy Broussard strode toward her. She suspected he meant to shake her up with that harsh façade. Obviously Deputy Broussard had not done his research on her very well. 
The tall husky deputy stood about three feet away. One hand was on the dark brown gun belt around his waist. He gave a curt gesture like a traffic cop directing cars. LaShaun did not miss the way Terry stood straighter and brushed two fingers through her hair when he got close to them. “Ms. Rousselle, this way please.” 
LaShaun walked close enough to brush her arm against his. “I most certainly will, Deputy Broussard. I’m going to cooperate fully.”  
Terry sucked in air like an angry vacuum cleaner. “Call if you need me to pull any reports or records.” 
“Thanks. I have everything I need already,” Deputy Broussard said.  He gestured for LaShaun to walk ahead of him.
“Nice meeting you.” LaShaun smiled at Terry. She put a little extra sway to her jean- covered hips as she walked ahead of the deputy. A look back at the woman confirmed her suspicion. Terry would have gladly scratched out LaShaun’s eyes. 
“Third desk on the left, ma’am.” Broussard gave a sharp nod.
“All right, Deputy Broussard. My, my. All this attention because my rental SUV has a broken taillight.  Must have happened on the road here. Nice to know Vermillion Parish is protected against jagged plastic.” LaShaun knew getting smart might cause her more trouble. Still she liked seeing Broussard’s jaw muscle cramp up when she refused to cower. She had inherited a smart mouth from her late mother, Francine. Something Monmon Odette chastised her for on numerous occasions. 
“That bag of weed has more to do with why you’re here, ma’am,” a second deputy clipped back. He fell in behind them as though assigned to LaShaun’s case. 
“Herbs,” LaShaun corrected mildly. She followed Broussard to another room. A scattering of three or four deputies sat at desks completing reports or talking on phones. 
“We’ll see,” the other deputy replied.
Deputy Broussard didn’t respond to his colleague’s comments. “Have a seat, ma’am.”
LaShaun sat down and looked at the other deputy’s nametag. “I’m being arrested because I’m an old school herbalist, Deputy Gautreau?”
“Them don’t look like no Creole seasonings to me. Now you just came from the airport from Los Angeles. Lot of drugs pass through here from Texas, New Mexico and California.” Deputy Gautreau stood against the wall and crossed his arms. “I’m not saying you’re some heavy duty drug dealer. Look, you like a little recreational use, get amped up on the weekends with some Acapulco gold maybe. I mean you only have a few ounces. First offense gets you a five hundred dollar fine and maybe six months in jail, unless we find you’ve been picked up on previous drug charges.”
“You won’t. I don’t even smoke tobacco. I allow nothing and no one to take control of me, Deputy Broussard,” LaShaun said quietly. 
“But you have been arrested before in this parish,” Gautreau said.
“I was questioned,” LaShaun said correcting him without a trace of anger in her tone. 
“You were booked,” Deputy Gautreau insisted, the inflection in his voice meant to needle her into reacting. 
LaShaun ignored the attempt. “Since you’re familiar with the case you know that the charges were dropped.”
“Suspicion of murder. Pretty serious.”
LaShaun caught Terry watching them from across the room and leaned toward Deputy Broussard. The V-neck of her red t-shirt didn’t give him much of a view, but Terry couldn’t see that from where she stood. “Lack of evidence,” she murmured then pursed her lips. 
“Which isn’t the same as saying you were innocent of the charge,” Deputy Gautreau shot back.
“Yes it is,” LaShaun said softly. “As a law officer you must be familiar with the phrase innocent until proven guilty.”
“Sometimes it just takes a little longer to build the case.” Deputy Gautreau smiled at her.
. “I’ve got this one, okay?” Deputy Broussard turned in his chair sharply. He eyed the other man until Gautreau grunted, pushed off from the wall, and strolled off.
LaShaun forgot her game of driving the love struck secretary crazy. Interesting, she mused. The two men despised each other. She studied Deputy Brossard as though he were part of a police line-up, taking note of the tiny scar beneath his left eye. He had Cajun black eyes and curly black hair, his skin a light tan that was most likely from being in the sun. Back in the day she might have flirted with him. Broussard was handsome in a ramrod straight-arrow way. She didn’t remember his face though. Of course eleven years had passed. Still the events that led up to her arrest played out in her dreams for years after, like a video in high definition. 
“I didn’t kill Claude Trosclair no matter what you’ve heard,” LaShaun said. 
She lowered her eyes then looked at him again. Broussard stared at her in silence for a few seconds, his gaze lingering on her lips. Like a tiny electric shock. LaShaun realized she wanted him to believe her. She’d always instantly disliked any symbol of authority. But they weren’t usually this sexy. Footsteps and paper rustling broke the spell they seemed to be casting on each other.
“Here is the report from last shift on that burglary.” Terry slapped a brown folder onto the desk between LaShaun and the deputy. 
“Thanks, but I’m kinda busy right now, Terry. Give it to Myrtle if you don’t mind.” Deputy Broussard frowned then handed it back to the woman.
“Fine.” Terry stomped off.
Deputy Broussard looked at LaShaun again. He tapped the keyboard of the computer on the desk. “You were saying.”
“That I’m innocent.” LaShaun said. 
“Okay,” he replied, his tone lawman neutral. “So tell me why you’re back in Vermilion Parish.”








Between Dusk and Dawn Sample


LaShaun could sense the sexual excitement her words brought. The other males gave off the musky odor of going into heat at the prospect. One female let out a yelp to attract one of the males, but the leader barked a command. LaShaun didn’t quite make out the words. The book from her ancestors said they sometimes developed a vocal language only they understood. His followers grumbled in protest, but complied. 
“Only four of you, huh? First come, first serve. You’ll get a bigger turn on if I cooperate up until the end. I want the thrill.” LaShaun lifted the jacket to reveal her skin beneath. She rubbed her stomach slowly with one hand, and heard panting.
Despite a growl from the leader, an excited pack member bounded into the circle of light. The man wore a torn dark flannel shirt and ragged pants. A huge erection made a lump in the button fly of slacks. He reached into the pants trying to free it, moaning. Thick hair covered his neck, face and harms. LaShaun shivered with fear at the outcome if her precautions didn’t work. She prayed the words of her ancestors were true, and that she’d translated the old French correctly.
“It’s my turn to go first,” a deep throated half-animal voice rang out. “You got the last one.”
“Step back. This one is special,” another deep voice reverberated in the air.
The sound shook LaShaun to the core. The force in the leader seemed to make the darkness deepen, as though he had more malevolence in him than any other she’d faced.  Her huge security light dimmed as if on his command.
“To hell with that. I want this fine bitch.” The rebel bounded forward.
“Stop him,” the leader growled. “We’ll have this one soon enough.”
But the first pack member seemed in no mood to listen. Animal lust clouded his thick brain when LaShaun tossed her hair and nodded for him to come closer. Soon three others surrounded her muttering at the first to back off. LaShaun knew he wanted more than a first turn. This one wanted to be leader, and to have her all to himself.
“You got something sweet for me big boy?” LaShaun purred. 
With a yelp he tore open the front of his pants and raced toward her.  His companions closed in. With a prayer for strength LaShaun swung the huge silver cane knife and sliced into his mid-section.  Using both hands she landed a second blow. Her arms felt the impact. Canine screams of pain filled the air and she swung again. The eager, rebellious creature writhed on the ground whimpering. Even suffering, his craving for sex continued. He pumped a hand up and down over his erection moaning in pleasure and pain. Disgusted at the sight, LaShaun felt nauseous. That second of distraction allowed the other three to throw her to the ground. The stench from a heavy body on top of her made LaShaun choke, and her eyes watered. Sharp claws raked the thick denim shirt jacket she wore as the animal tried to grab her breast. Other claws pulled at her pants. LaShaun fought back in panic that she would be infected.  A face that looked vaguely female came so close to hers LaShaun could smell its breath. LaShaun fought against the urge to vomit as bared long teeth loomed over her. To her horror another figure appeared, and the spray can in her sleeve fell out when she swung her arm. One of the males snatched it up and grinned at her.
“Look, she’s carrying perfume so she can smell pretty for me.” 
The other male laughed at his antics, while the female continued to stare at LaShaun.  Saliva dripped from the right side of her mouth. Her long teeth seemed to make it hard for her to close her lips.
“You won’t be so cute when I finish,” the animal like female mumbled. “They won’t care about your face. Not when I flip you on your stomach and watch them rape you.” 
“We’re going to at least smell sweet for you hot stuff,” the male said.
“Yeah, but she ain’t gonna notice when we’re going at it,” his companion said and huffed a sickening laugh.
His friend responded with his own gruff laugh as he sprayed first his friend, and then himself on the neck. After a few seconds the second man rubbed his skin where the liquid hit, his wide mouth moved but no sound came out. Then the man holding the spray can rubbed his neck. First he grunted a few times, but then his groans turned to howls.
“What the hell is happening to me?” He spun around panting hard.
“Stop messing around and help me get her so we can all have some fun,” the female started to go on, but then she stared at the other two in surprise. 
Clumps of flesh fell from both men as they stumbled around. One fell over the first man who lay still in a pool of blood with his eyes open. LaShaun jammed her elbow into the throat of the female. The woman gagged and fell back. With her right arm suddenly free LaShaun slashed at her face. 
“No, get away!” The filthy female lept away from the blade. Her terrified glance darted to LaShaun’s first casualty lying in his own blood.
“I’m burning up. Make it stop.” The man flung the small spray bottle away from him.
LaShaun jumped to her feet and caught the container in mid air.  “Father, I pray that you give me the strength to fight and win, and if it be your will give these lost souls a chance to be delivered from this evil. Have mercy on us all. Amen.”
As she spoke LaShaun hit the spray coating the three still on their feet. All of them screamed in unison for help from their leader, and then begged for relief from any source. Their howls continued until they were all on their knees. LaShaun saw the light reflecting from the long blade on the ground and picked it up. She stood with the big silver knife in one hand. Ignoring the sounds of agony around her, LaShaun tucked the smaller the spray bottle in her pocket.  With her legs apart and the long knife in one hand, she assumed a battle stance. LaShaun stood ready to take on the bigger threat; their leader. Two big red eyes moved away and then winked out as the being turned to leave. LaShaun let out a slow breath but didn’t relax. Her work wasn’t done. 
She was grateful that her neighbors had not come over to investigate. What would the Marchands have made of the macabre scene? Three human figures seemed to kneel around a fourth who lay in a pool of black blood. Anyone would think they were praying, maybe for him or for themselves. No longer able to speak, all the three made desperate hacking sounds. 
 “The spray isn’t perfume, but then you probably figured that out. I mixed liquid silver in a suspension substance. The funny part is a lot of people are convinced that silver has medicinal benefit.” 
One pair of glassy eyes, the first man LaShaun had stabbed and slashed, stared up at the night sky. LaShaun continued to spray the ground. She walked around spraying a perimeter around her house, and then returned to the four figures trembling in silent pain. The female tried to crawl away but let out a muffled groan from the effort. Instead she gave up and lay whimpering.
LaShaun walked from one figure to the other. She studied them as though she were a scientist observing specimens. “Colloidal silver might be good for humans, but it’s not good at all for rougarou. For us it has antibacterial properties. What if being a werewolf is a kind of bacterial infection? That’s an interesting thought,” she said softly.
“Arrgh.” The female tried to growl at her, but the effort appeared to cause her pain.
 “Or maybe you just think you’re werewolves, and the pain you feel is all in your mind as well. Your leader must have powerful persuasive powers, almost supernatural. Unfortunately the most deadly megalomaniacs have that ability.”
As she watched the four figures their skins seemed to disintegrate. The first male, the one so bold as to ignore the orders of their leader, stared up at her blinking. He seemed beyond pain. He tried to get up but only flopped around convulsively. His lips pulled back in what looked like an attempt to smile at her.
“Thank you,” he rasped, sputtered out a few drops of blood then lay still.
“No problem.” LaShaun squatted down to take a closer look at him, and made sure he was dead. 
One of the other men panted, “Please. Shoot... head.”
LaShaun walked over to him. “Gunshots would probably make my neighbor call the sheriff’s station. I’m sorry. I can’t do that. You won’t suffer long.”
She was right. Seconds later the man’s mouth opened as though he tried to scream, but nothing came out. Ten minutes later the last three were dead, their bodies decomposing from the silver eating into them. LaShaun followed the instructions in the leather bound book. Even though she used a shovel, she wore thick rubber gloves that extended up to her elbows and safety glasses.  She pushed the bodies close, straining at the hard work it took.  Then she poured more liquid silver in a circle around them and added solvent naphtha. 







Sweet Mystery Sample


Rae stared ahead without really seeing the faded blue paint on the wall of the dressing room; one hand still on the phone that sat on the table with her combs and hot curler. Her brother’s voice, from far away, had delivered the news that had not surprised her: Lucien was dead.
“Look here, if you want, I’ll let Buddy know you’ve got to cancel.” Jamal, her drummer and best road partner, spoke in a voice full of compassion.
“We’ve just got one more song, man. It’ll take no time and Kevin can start packing the bus while we’re still on stage.” Wesley, one of the guitarists, rubbed his top lip.
Jamal turned on him with a scowl. “You one cold-blooded–”
“All I’m saying is we been on the road for four years, with finally a solid rep. You know how this business goes, man. We can’t get no name for not sticking through a job.” Wesley did not back down from his position. He considered himself the only true businessman among them, though Rae’s astute management had brought them this far.
 “One song, Wes. Buddy isn’t going to object under the circumstances.” Jamal gave a grunt. “He’s got a heart.”
“Hey, I didn’t say Rae shouldn’t leave. Give me some credit. But –”
Rae held up a hand to cut off the argument. “I’m okay. And Wes is right, we got one more song and I’m going to do it,” she said, taking a deep breath before picking up a brush. Rae pulled it through her shoulder length hair, and then  pulled back into a long braid that fell down her back.
Jamal gazed at her with concern in his eyes. “Rae, baby, you sure about this?”
She met his gaze and nodded. “Yeah, I’m sure. Now go on both of you. I’m fine.” With one touch to her shoulder, Jamal followed Wesley out.
Rae looked down at the phone again. “I can do this.”  
She said the words to test her voice again, to make sure it was steady, but also as reassurance that she had the strength to go on stage after that phone call. Singing a few notes, Rae cleared her throat. 
As she walked to the stage of the combination dance hall and supper club called Buddy’s Blues Shack, Rae tried to conjure an image. None came until in a flash she realized she was humming a tune Lucien had taught her. On beautiful summer mornings while she trailed after him down at the river dock, he’d sung songs in his rich baritone. Songs about life; funny songs that made her laugh with delight. Lucien Dalcour was a mixed bag kind of man; good memories jumbled with the bad. For too many years the bad memories had ruled in Rae’s mind.  Now she wouldn’t have another chance to talk with him about the good times.
“I know y’all done had a rockin’ good time tonight. We have been fortunate to have these fine performers with us, ain’t that right?” Buddy Rolston, a short round man the color of ebony, shouted to the crowded nightclub audience. They clapped and yelled their agreement. “Just wanna tell Rae and the guys you know you always welcome back to Oakland, California. Now give up some love for the Bon Temps Band!” 
The crowd erupted into a welcoming clamor as the band took the stage. Rae went to the microphone, her guitar hung around her shoulders. Seeing a sea of faces watching her, she felt a wave of emotion. This was her life; one she’d carved out with sometimes ruthless determination. There were days when her music pulled her back from the deep valley of despair. How many times had she sworn to never leave the road until she was too old to move? Hundreds? Thousands? Yet, in a split second of looking out, she was tired of it all.  
“This last song is about hard times. Something we all been through, I guess.” Rae’s voice was soft, pulling everyone into the mood with her. She could see heads nodding in affirmation. “But it’s also about having the guts to make it when everybody says you can’t, when folks say you’re no good.” 
“That’s all right now!” Buddy called from his favorite place in the wings.
“Go on, babe,” Jamal said from his place at the drums.
“It was written by somebody who knew a lot about hard times. Bear with me ‘cause I haven’t sung it for a long time.” 
Rae felt a rush of love for the band as they began the opening notes of the blues tune. Wes blinked at her with eyes shining, his hard businessman shell gone. He gave a slow bow of his head in a gesture of empathy and affection.
“So this is ‘Can’t Let It Get You Down’ by my father, Lucien Dalcour.” Rae closed her eyes. Lucien’s smiling face was there; a color snapshot.


* * *

“My baby,” Aletha murmured, gathering Rae into her plump arms. “You had something to eat?”
Rae stroked her mother’s cocoa brown face. Her skin was still supple, despite her fifty years. Trust Mama Letha to think of comfort food. “I’m not hungry right now, Mama. Thank you.” 
“Come over here and give your Tante some sugar.” 
Tante Ina, round and the color of caramel, did not wait for an answer before giving Rae a tight hug. Her father’s sister was her favorite aunt, a quintessential mother hen. “Get you a plate, cher.”
“No, really, just give me a cola.” Rae felt soothed at being fussed over by the two women.
All three greeted relatives and friends paying their respects in the rundown Acadian-style house, where Lucien and Aletha had raised three children. Aletha filled the house with delicious food she’d prepared at her home in New Iberia. Her second husband, George, had even accompanied her.
“Hey, baby girl. Don’t complain when there’s nothing left.” Andrew, with a lopsided grin so like their father’s, stuffed another mound of jambalaya into his mouth.
“Stop making a pig of yourself.” Neville, the eldest of the siblings, frowned at his younger brother in distaste. “Sheila, stop hitting your brother,” he barked, switching his attention to making one of his four children behave. Mumbling, he wandered off to separate the squabbling youngsters.
“Don’t mind him, Andrew. He’s just upset.” Neville’s wife, Trisha, tried to prevent hurt feelings. 
Andrew gave a shrug. “I don’t mind Neville, Trish. Don’t know why he’s so down. He...” 
Aletha placed a hand on her son’s shoulder. “Don’t start nothin’, Andrew.”
Tante Ina shook a finger at them. “Now y’all be nice.”
Neville had gone out of the back door and come back to the living room through the front. “No, let him say what he was going to say.” 
“It’s not like you gotta get all respectful now Daddy is dead – all but denied the man the past ten years,” said Andrew, pushing the plate of food away as though full, “Living in your big, fine house on four acres with a stocked pond.”
“I work hard and I’m proud of it,” Neville shot back. “I want something better for my family.” 
They all fell silent, including a host of cousins nearby. After whispered comments, they withdrew from the gathering conflict and went out onto the front porch. 
What Neville left unspoken was how they had suffered because of Lucien’s drinking and wild money schemes. The family never had enough. Lucien was a big, handsome man, the color of brown sugar. He could never really settle down to being a family man. For twenty-years, Aletha stayed with Lucien, but his wild rages finally drove her away. At the same time Rae left home to live on campus at college in Lafayette, Aletha left her first love. 
Now, with all these old wounds being opened, Rae wanted to run again, the way she had eight years ago. Once they had all been so clear on how they felt about Lucien. Rae had seemed to side with Neville, yet deep down she felt gut-twisting turmoil about their father. Leaving Belle Rose to pursue a singing career had been her solution. Andrew’s response was to endlessly make excuses for Lucien while Neville soundly condemned all he represented. 
“Oh right. That big, fine house we keep hearing about.” Andrew waved a hand in the air. “So what?”
“Don’t knock it. I mean, look at this place. And that tin box you live in isn’t much better.” Neville jerked a thumb in the direction down the road where Andrew lived in a small mobile home.
“Me an’ Daddy wasn’t owned by nobody though. When we got tired of work, we’d take off for fishin’. I’ll never forget it wasn’t but a few months ago we was down at Mulatto Bend–”
Neville cut him off – “Did more drinking than fishing, I’ll bet.”
“Shut up, Neville!” Rae stunned them all by shouting. “And Andrew, Daddy wasn’t perfect, so quit making him sound like some lovable father from television.” She rubbed a hand over her face. “I gotta get out of here.” 
“Now look what y’all done!” Tante Ina boxed Andrew’s ears. “Shame, Neville.” She glared at the tall man as though he were ten years old.
“Hey! That hurt, Tante.” Andrew wore a pout.
“He didn’t have no business sayin’–” Neville‘s voice went weak at the look of disapproval from both his aunt and his wife. “Sorry.” 
Rae crossed the porch in long strides and jumped down to the ground. As the sunlight of early spring splashed the leaves and road, she started off toward the worn footpath down to Grande River. Usually, the splendor of a sunny day with blue skies in south Louisiana would comfort her, but not today.
“Raenette, wait for me,” her mother called out. Aletha caught up with her. She squinted up at the cloudless blue sky. “Wanted me some fresh air, too.” 
Rae glanced at her sideways. “Sure you did.” 
The two women were so different. Rae had been her father’s daughter from the moment she’d been born. Where Aletha was quiet and unassuming, Rae was brash. As a girl she’d resisted any effort to be babied, pushing out on her own. Aletha had many scares when she turned to find her little girl out in the bayous or on the river with children older than her, or alone. 
Adolescence had been an especially turbulent time for mother and daughter. Rae was in constant rebellion, seemingly intent on establishing a reputation as ‘That wild Dalcour girl.’ Mother and daughter clashed frequently over Rae’s behavior; the drinking and sneaking to bars. Yet somehow the rift had not been with her mother. Aletha understood her daughter better than anyone knew. Now Rae sensed her mother needed to nurture her. 
Aletha laughed. “All them Dalcours, Cavaliers and Ricards coming out the woodwork. Can’t turn around without stepping on one of ‘em.”
“Uh-huh.” Rae tried to smile, but could not summon up the energy. The angry words of her brothers kept buzzing in her head. They walked on until they reached a curve in the river. It went through the small town of Belle Rose. 
As they stood on a grassy bank staring at bateau bobbing on gentle waves, Aletha looped her arm around Rae. “Your brothers still got to work out what they feel for their daddy. Takes boys longer, just like we fought more, remember?” Aletha gave her a tug.
“Thank goodness you never gave up. No telling where I’d be if you had. Daddy sure was no role model.” Rae was not bitter; just able to see Lucien clearly. “You did good with all of us, Mama. Andrew could have slipped down further if you hadn’t been there.”
“He still might, Raenette.” Aletha bit her bottom lip. “I’m scared he’s gonna decide to take up where his daddy left off. He’s still drinking too much. Old man Ventre love Andrew like he was his own boy, otherwise he would have fired him long ago.”
“He’s got to do it himself, Mama.”
“Andrew ain’t strong like Neville, or you, come to that. He’s beginning to talk just like Lucien about the old days.” Aletha let go of Rae to cross her arms. She seemed to feel a chill in spite of the warm weather.
Rae looked at her mother. “Daddy never gave up on that, did he? He might have stopped talking about it so much, but Pawpaw Vince was never far from his thoughts.”
“You know better than me,” said Aletha, raising an eyebrow at her. “When you came to visit two years ago when he had that mild heart attack, what did he tell you?”
“You know about that?” Rae was shocked. She had not mentioned their conversation to anyone, not even her close girlfriend, Marcelle.
“Lucien told me.” Aletha nodded at her. “Last few years he kept in touch – him and George even got on kinda good.” She laughed when Rae’s mouth fell open. “No reason why they shouldn’t.”
Rae shrugged. “Guess you’re right.”
In fact, George was like Lucien in some ways. Both men were quick to smile and forgive. George had the easygoing temperament of a man who was happy with himself. Maybe if life had been different for her father... Rae thought of her last talk with Lucien. 
“But you got your own life. Don’t rake up the past. Nothing you can do about it after all this time anyway – fifty years.” Aletha gazed out at the river, and then down where it wound toward downtown Belle Rose. 
“Maybe not.”
“He’s gone, baby. Ain’t one thing gonna make it right now.”
Rae did not know if her mother was talking about Lucien or Pawpaw Vincent. It did not matter. “I can’t turn my back on him this time, Mama.”
“You listen to me. It’s still folks who get plenty nasty just at the mention of your grandpére’s name. Especially them Joves. Toya is big in town, like her mama was.”
“Really? Toya always did like being a big fish in a little pond.” Rae felt a flash of rancor at the mention of her name.
“Take care of your daddy’s business and get on with your life. Neville won’t care if you sell the dance hall and Andrew won’t fuss when he sees he might get some money out of it.” Aletha’s voice took on an intense tone.
Rae looked at the rich green vegetation swaying in the river breeze. Yellow, red and blue wild flowers bloomed. Even on a weekday afternoon, people fished from the banks or in small boats. There was a rhythm to life in this rural parish that had never left her. She could not stand the thought of leaving it again. 
“Mama, I’ve been wandering all around, trying to find myself. This is where I’ve been all along.” Rae waved to several folks in a passing boat. “I’m home now.”


* * *


“Cher! Come here and give me some sugar.” Marcelle stretched out her free arm. Her new baby girl was perched in the other as she sat in the rocking chair on her veranda.
“Hey now, you still producing little Browns, I see.” Rae laughed out loud from sheer joy at seeing her oldest and dearest friend. 
The kissing and hugging went on for several minutes, before the two women shared remembrances and news in a rush, chattering at break-neck speed, as if to make up for the years they’d been apart. Soon, Marcelle’s other four children poured out of the house to see the newcomer. Four boys, all rough and tumble, competed to show off in front of Rae. 
“Lord, Marcelle, these boys have grown.” Rae beamed at the smooth faces of cinnamon, all looking like their father. 
“Now don’t pretend you remember these rascals. Truth is I get confused they all look so much like Freddie. This is Freddie Jr. He’s my big boy, just turned eleven. That’s Tremaine. He’s nine. Eric Paul quit that! Eric Paul is eight. And my sweet boy, Torrence, is five.” 
“Come here, sweet things!” Rae gathered the boys to her. They were a squirming, dusty little crew, now very shy to be on formal display. “You’re right, girl. They all look like Freddie just spit ‘em out.” She pinched Torrence’s plump cheek.
“Uh-huh, got his mischief in ‘em too. Now y’all go play. And you better stay out Miss Pearl’s fig trees,” Marcelle yelled at the disappearing shirt-tails. “Lotta good that’s gonna do.” She lifted a shoulder. “Here now. Hold your godchild.” 
“This one here is going to be beautiful like her mama,” said Rae. “Hello Felicia Lynette.” 
Rae settled onto the swing with the infant cradled in her arms and stared down at the little brown face, smooth with sleep. Looking at the baby tugged at her heart in an unexpected way. Tiny Felicia Lynette smelled of baby lotion and formula. Rae gazed at the wood-frame house, which was brightly decorated. Marcelle managed to keep it neat after a fashion. But the toys of four active boys were scattered around the front yard. 
Rae kissed the baby’s head. What did she have to show for her life? A modestly successful band, a couple of recordings on compact disc, which sold fairly well, but not much else. Had she been wrong to choose the path she’d taken?  
“Girl, you doing so good. I’ve got both of your CDs. I envy you.” Marcelle sighed. She smoothed down the cotton dress over her still plump tummy.
Rae was startled out of her reverie. “What?”
“Mais, yeah – you’re living a carefree life, traveling all over, even to foreign countries. I spent my twenties either being pregnant or wiping baby butts.” Marcelle sighed again. “Sometimes I wonder what if I’d gone to New Orleans to study accounting, instead of getting married.”
Rae touched one of Felicia’s hands. “I was just sitting here thinking that you’ve made such a good life for yourself.”
“I love my babies. But I just wonder what if. You know?” 
“Yeah.” Rae stared off across the blacktop road, but she did not see the trees swaying in the spring breeze. Being back in Belle Rose was like taking a ride in a time machine. She went back fifteen years to when she and Marcelle were teenagers. 
“Things haven’t changed round here too much. I mean downtown got a little more spruced up in the last four years. We got that new crawfish-processing plant. Them Joves– ” Marcelle broke off with a sharp glance at Rae.
“Since when did you walk on eggshells around me?” asked Rae, not looking at her. 
“Listen, cher, talk has already started about you and Darcy. You’d think it happened yesterday.”  
“You know, since I got home, sometimes it does feel like fifteen years ago. Sorta like being in two time dimensions.” Rae shook her head. It was strange how this town was affecting her.
“Oui. Coming home can be like that, I guess, especially after so long.” Marcelle was in tune with Rae as usual. The two had always been like sisters. 
“So, Darcy is doing well for himself? I’m not surprised.”
Marcelle studied Rae’s expression for several moments before speaking. “Yeah, he’s got several businesses goin’. The canning plant, crawfish ponds and real estate. At least his businesses are doing well.”
“What do you mean?” Rae looked at her with interest.
“Darcy just got divorced from his third wife. She left him. Said he’s crazy and his sister crazy too.” 
Rae laughed. Darcy and Toya Jove had grown up in an old Creole family with an inflated value of their social status. Their mother, Lorise, was fond of reminding everyone of her proud French heritage. Two years older, Darcy was handsome and self-possessed. After seeing him from a distance throughout their childhood, Rae fell in love with him the summer she turned fourteen. To her amazed delight, he turned his attention to her. They would sneak off together, both knowing his parents would never approve, to stroll through the fields. Toya followed them one day and told her parents. 
“Toya Jove. She always took it on herself to protect her brother from females.” Rae remembered how Toya had warned her to stay away from Darcy.
Marcelle sniggered. “Pooh. With his track record, he don’t seem to need much help running off women these days.” 
“How does he look?” Rae could not resist wondering about the boy she’d wanted so much. For two years they defied all efforts to keep them apart, until Darcy succeeded where his sister and parents had not. One day, in blinding pain, Rae had discovered the real Darcy Jove.
Marcelle pursed her lips. “The same.” 
Rae knew what that meant. He was still almost too pretty to be a man – dark curling hair, full lips and large eyes like Louisiana dark-roast coffee. Yet the thrill was long gone.
“Well, I’m through with that,” Rae said. “Guess what?”
“What?” Marcelle followed her swift change of direction with ease, like the old days, ready to play the question game from their childhood.
“I’m thinking about staying in Belle Rose,” said Rae, as surprised as Marcelle to hear the words come out of her mouth. 







Best Enemies Sample


For the next three days life seemed to settle into a normal routine again, at least on the surface. Willa went to the office. She met with Cedric about contracts, payroll and cash flow like any other business owner. Shaun and Dion went to work during the day. The kids went to school each day. In the evenings Willa cooked dinner and helped them with their homework. Sure. They were all back into the same old everyday schedule. Almost. Willa’s plan was for Jazz to surrender to Detective Miller and give him enough information to arrest Felipe, and have the gang leader indicted by the grand jury. With Felipe out of commission Willa figured both her son and her sister would be safe. What she hadn’t planned was that Jazz would decide not to talk immediately for her own reasons. So Jazz sat in jail, a crazy gangster on the loose wanted his money back, and Willa’s ex-husband’s mistress was driving her nuts. Through it all Willa managed to hold onto her sanity. Just barely. 
The dreary November day didn’t help. Willa glanced out the window. So much for trying to see the sunny side of life, she mused. She shivered just looking at the steady drizzle of rain that had hung on since dawn. Most working people would be celebrating getting through half the work week. Back in the day Willa’s father would call Wednesday “Hump Day,” as in getting over the hump and closer to the weekend. To Willa it now meant visiting day at the parish prison where Jazz was being held. Willa had been watching the clock all morning counting down. Visiting hours were noon to one-thirty. At eleven Willa prepared to leave. 
“Kay, I’m going to lunch early. Call my cell if something urgent comes up.” Willa stared to say more when she saw MiMi waving at her through the glass entry doors. “Call security, please.”
 “Hi ladies,” MiMi said with her brightest smile. “How are you, Kay? Love the new do.”
“Thanks,” Kay said and smiled back. “Love those earrings. Gold looks good on you.”
“Girl, show me a woman that doesn’t look good wearing gold,” MiMi quipped and both women laughed.
“I heard that. Now if you could just drop that tip on my man,” Kay said and rolled her eyes in mock frustration.
Willa blinked at the exchange and shook her head wondering when MiMi had managed to charm Kay. “I can’t visit, MiMi. I’m meeting someone for lunch.”
“I know. I’m coming with you,” MiMi looped one arm through Willa’s and waved goodbye to Kay with her free hand.
Once they were outside the office suite Willa shook off her unwelcome companion. “I’m not playing around with you today. I have business to take care of, and you are not invited.”
“You’re going to visit Jazz at the Parish Prison. Dion told me, and don’t you climb his butt about it either. Few men can resist confiding in me.” MiMi lifted a shoulder and smiled.
“Seems Jack found you quite resistible. You didn’t know about the money he stashed away or his extra trips to the Cayman Islands. Without you.” Willa hit the elevator button and smiled back at a now frowning MiMi. “I’m betting Jack had a woman on the big island as well, or two.”
“That was downright nasty,” MiMi snapped back. She fumed for several moments in silence. When the elevator door opened she followed Willa inside.
“So have a nice lunch,” Willa said.
MiMi ignored the three people already on the elevator. “I’m already prepared to be searched. I’ve never been to a jail before. Kind of exciting.” 
“No.” Willa clenched her teeth to keep from saying more.
“I’m not going to argue. This whole mess with the police affects me and the baby.” MiMi patted her tummy. “I’m coming with you.”
“No,” Willa hissed.
The woman standing behind them leaned forward. The two men exchanged a glance with raised eyebrows then stared at the wall. All three seemed eager to learn more. When the elevator bumped to a smooth landing on the first floor the woman actually sighed in disappointment. Willa hurried off the elevator with MiMi right behind her.
“Hell no. No damn way no,” Willa snapped and squinted at the woman who had exited the elevator right behind them. She stared at Willa and MiMi with interest. Once the woman left the building lobby, Willa gave MiMi her full attention. “Listen, they don’t allow more than one visitor.”
“That’s not true. We’re wasting time. Let’s be green and carpool. I’ll drive. You must be exhausted with everything going on. By the way, I talked to Mama Ruby and she cooked her special gumbo. We’ll pick some up later.” MiMi grabbed Willa’s arm again and forcefully directed her toward the shiny BMW sedan parked in a handicapped space.
“What?” Willa blinked.
MiMi waved at one of the two building security staff, a male. “Charles said it was okay. I was only going to be a few minutes and of course I’m pregnant.”
“Listen, Jazz won’t talk in front of you, MiMi, so forget it. Besides, this whole situation is getting dangerous. I don’t want you or that baby on my conscience. Now go.”  
Willa spun and marched off to a section where building occupants were allowed to park. She got in her Honda Pilot and drove off the parking lot. At the stop sign leading off the parking lot she looked in her rearview mirror and muttered a curse. MiMi waved to her from her BMW. For thirty aggravating minutes Willa continued to swear at the traffic and MiMi.  She pulled up to the East Baton Rouge Parish Prison security booth with four cars ahead of her. MiMi’s BMW was three cars behind.  The small crowd went through the usual security process of making sure no cell phones or prohibited items were being carried in. Willa came prepared. She had put her purse in the trunk of her car and only carried her keys. After another fifteen minutes Willa entered the visiting room. Cement benches attached to the floor were scattered around. Two vending machines stood in one corner. A few visitors fed them coins to buy treats for inmates they would visit. Moments later a door opened and several women came through. 
“Got here fast as I could. Where’s Jazz?” MiMi sounded out of breath.
“You’re like a rash I can’t get rid of, you know that?” Still Willa eyed her closely. “Sit down over there before all the benches are taken.”
“Thanks. I— ” MiMi gasped and put a hand to her mouth as she looked past Willa.
Willa turned to see what caused her reaction. Jazz walked toward them. She wore a large white bandage across her left cheek and another was wound around her left right hand.  Willa brushed past two people to hug her. “Oh my God. Jazz.”
Jazz pushed back from Willa after a few moments. She shrugged. “Don’t worry ‘bout me. You should see the bitch that made the mistake of taking me on.”
“Are you getting proper medical attention? Did they punish the inmate who did this? I will speak to the warden before the end of business today.” MiMi blinked at Jazz as she whispered to her fiercely. “Don’t you worry.”
“Are you okay?” Willa had to catch her breath before managing to get words out. She felt shaky as she noticed the stitches on Jazz’s cheek beneath the bandage. Her hand obviously had defensive wounds. 
“I’m fine,” Jazz said coolly as she glanced around at the other inmates entering the room. Then she looked at Willa. “Hey, calm down.  I said I’m okay. The plan is rockin’ along.”
“Plan?” MiMi said, her voice low. 
“Yeah, Willa will tell you about it later,” Jazz replied and nodded to her.
“No, I won’t,” Willa tossed back and ignored MiMi’s scowl.
“In the meantime don’t worry about me. My girls are watching my back in here,” Jazz continued.
“How did Felipe know so fast?” Willa demanded.
“I’m not sure it was him. Just so happens the girl Felipe had before me is in here. She’s a crazy Latina, and he was cold-blooded the way he dumped her. Maybe Felipe’s boys told her to get me. Maybe she doesn’t know anything just wanted some payback for me taking her man.” Jazz’s gaze flickered around the room as she talked.
“Or maybe she wanted to score points with Felipe by taking you out,” Willa said in a grave voice.
 “Doesn’t matter. She won’t be coming back at me for a while.” Jazz spat out a string of Spanish words.
“I don’t speak the language but I know exactly what you said.” MiMi blinked at her rapidly. 
“Stop stalling, Jazz. Follow the plan and tell Miller what he needs to arrest Felipe fast, and get him off the street. Maybe I should pay your bail. I’m not sure that it wouldn’t be less dangerous for you out on the street,” Willa whispered to Jazz as MiMi leaned in to catch every word.
“Outside would be worse. At least here I can scope out and predict who is comin’ at me. Felipe could have somebody I’ve never seen run up on me at anytime. No, until I get him first this is where I’ll stay.”
“The police are only dumb in cheap movies and bad cop shows on television. Miller will figure out you’re playing him along.” Willa glanced around to see if anyone was paying too much attention to them and their conversation.
“Not many visitors today,” MiMi said as though reading Willa’s mind. She nodded at the sparse crowd. “I think we’re okay.”
 “About two dozen of these girls in here are either friends or friends of friends. I’m okay for sure. I checked out the other inmates before I surrendered in the interest of cooperation and justice.” Jazz looked at Willa. 
“Now I understand why you didn’t kick, scream and cuss me out when I suggested it,” Willa retorted.
“Sweetie, I always have a plan within a plan and a backup plan on top of that,” Jazz quipped. “So once I do talk, Miller will pick up Felipe. And they’ll take out the rest of Felipe’s boys in town. Then I’ll spill more of what I know and cash in my get out of jail card.” 
“But they could get out on bond and come after us,” MiMi said. She gave a dramatic shiver. “We know they don’t mind killing people.”
Willa followed Jazz’s gaze as she watched the last inmate say goodbye to an elderly couple. When all three were gone only one inmate with two visitors was left. Jazz nodded for Willa and MiMi to move even farther away to a bench on the opposite side of the room. Once they were settled Jazz looked even more laid back. Still she spoke in a soft undertone.
“They won’t get out on bail. After what I tell them, they’ll be held without bond. They’re a flight risk and known felons. Even if the judge does set bail their cash is tapped out. That’s why they were so pissed about the money falling through. They blamed Jack.”
“Because he wanted to back out of whatever they were up to?” Willa said.
Jazz shook her head. “Jack wasn’t in on Felipe’s little operation. See these guys got the jobs at the warehouse through Reverend Fisher’s program. Ike Nelson found out they were moving guns and drugs, but he wasn’t going to cross Felipe. Besides he was making money both ways.”
“I’m confused. Why would Felipe think Jack had his money?” Willa said.
“Felipe is paranoid. He probably thinks Ike and Jack decided to rip him off. I don’t know. Doesn’t matter because Felipe will soon have other things to worry about,” Jazz said.
“So Jack was going to tell on everybody and Felipe killed him before he could,” MiMi said.  Her expression hardened. “I want Felipe and his crew to pay. Let’s take them down hard.”
“We’re not taking anybody down. Jazz is going to tell Detective Miller what she knows, and then we’ll let them do their jobs.” Willa looked at Jazz. “You’re not going to hold anything back or play games. No last minute surprises, which you’re known to do.” 
“I said I was gonna take care of this.” Jazz blew out a sharp breath. 
“Don’t start with the rebellious little sister stuff now. I’m not in the mood.” Willa frowned as she stared hard at Jazz. 
MiMi stood and looped an arm around Willa and Jazz pulling them into a group hug. “Girls, girls. Now is not the time to snap at each other. We have to pull together. Too much is at stake.” 
“Whatever. Anyway, show a little trust for once.” Jazz told Willa, brushing free of MiMi’s hold.
“Sorry. I shouldn’t have snapped at you. I know you’ll do what it takes to protect the kids,” Willa said. 
“I will,” Jazz said then cleared her throat. “Okay, we’ve had our group hug. Now back to business. Felipe won’t get out once they pick him up.”
“But what about you?” MiMi leaned closer to Jazz. “You can’t implicate them without getting yourself in trouble for being involved.”
Jazz shed her streetwise tough exotic dancer persona. Like magic she became a scared young woman in over her head. Her voice trembled. “I was in fear of my life, Detective Miller. You’ve seen his record. Felipe has a long history of violence, including against women. He would slit my throat if I said anything.” 
“Wow, you’re good.” MiMi blinked at her as if seeing Jazz for the first time.
“Sure, she’s got great acting skills. Plus the part about Felipe slitting her throat is true. This isn’t a game,” Willa said quietly.
“Willa, I got myself into something that got deeper than even I wanted to go. I should have followed my gut and avoided Felipe. But he’s not the kind that takes rejection from women well, if you know what I mean.” Jazz shrugged. “He wasn’t all that bad, at first.”
“I’m guessing he’s super fine, was throwing around a lot of cash and has that hot, bad boy persona,” MiMi added.
Jazz grinned. “Yeah, and I’m a sucker for a sexy Latino accent.”
“Oh yeah, girl. I feel you on that one,” MiMi said and fanned her face.
“Never mind the long arrest record and tendency to murder people who annoy him, huh? Jazz— ” Willa shook her head.
“Lecture me later.” Jazz waved a hand at her.  
Willa started bouncing one leg, realized it and forced her leg still. Mama Ruby always said that was a dead giveaway that Willa was scared about what might happen next. When Jazz placed a hand on her knee Willa glanced up into her almond brown eyes
“I’m going to make this turn out right.” Jazz spoke as though she were the older sister. When Willa nodded Jazz took her hand away. A devilish gleam lit her eyes making them sparkle as if in anticipation. “Miller is coming by this evening to ‘interview’ me. Shit ought to start hitting the fan not long after that.”
“Let’s just get this over with, little sister. No tricks,” Willa whispered.
“Time, ladies,” the female correctional officer said. The stocky woman unlocked the door leading to the cellblock.  
Jazz stood and held up two fingers. “On my honor as a Girl Scout. I’ll talk to you soon.” 
“Real soon. In twenty-four hours I’ll get you out of here,” Willa called after her. 
Jazz didn’t look back, just kept walking. She merely lifted a hand to acknowledge Willa’s pledge. Once outside in the parking lot MiMi and Willa both slipped on their sunglasses. Neither left, but stood looking at the prison through the chain link fence topped with barbed wire. The gray sky had cleared to light blue with not a cloud in sight. The scene was deceptively peaceful in contrast to danger behind those walls. And outside of them.
“What now?” MiMi broke the silence though her voice was subdued.
“We all better keep our heads low cause like Jazz said, it’s about to hit the fan.”







Tell Me Something Good Sample


Two days later Lyrissa walked into Copeland’s on St. Charles Avenue and glanced around for Noel St. Denis. The popular restaurant was packed, as usual. She’d left her Honda Accord at work and taken a cab since there was little parking on the lovely streets of the Garden District. She paid the driver and walked into the restaurant wondering just what she was doing here. Noel St. Denis had made his invitation sound like business. Still her pulse had inched up when he suggested they meet over lunch. Mr. Taylor had been far from being annoyed he wasn’t invited—he’d been delighted.
“Leave at eleven and beat the crowd,” her boss had said with enthusiasm.
So here she was, about to have lunch with one of the most sought after bachelors in New Orleans. Lyrissa was determined not to make a fool of herself. She glanced at her wristwatch. Ten minutes early to prepare herself before he arrived. A harried but smiling waiter dressed in a crisp white shirt and black pants approached.
“How many?” he asked.
“Two,” Lyrissa said, anticipating his next question.
“This way, please.”
He led her into the dining area to a table near the window that faced St. Charles. In no time she had a glass of water with a slice of lemon and a basket of warm bread in front of her. Lyrissa quenched her thirst, absentmindedly sipping as she gazed down the tree-lined boulevard. Flowers bloomed everywhere. Late spring sunshine painted the scene a cheery yellow. Yet Lyrissa’s thoughts were on the task ahead of her.
Noel St. Denis was a wild card, she mused. She’d been prepared to face Miss Georgina, as the woman was called. Lyrissa had spent the last six months learning about her. Her grandmother and great-aunt had given her the history, but Lyrissa had used her own contacts to find out recent information. Convinced she’d be dealing with Miss Georgina, Lyrissa had not spent much time investigating her grandchildren. Of course, she knew of Noel. He had a reputation as handsome, somewhat aloof, and completely devoted to the family business. She had been told that he was a discreet ladies’ man. “Very selective” was the phrase she’d heard more than once when it came to his choice of female companions. Lyrissa concluded that meant his women had to meet the usual upper-class old Creole family criteria, the right pedigree, lots of money, and of course, the right skin color. She gave a soft hiss of disgust. She was prepared to deal with Mr. Personality.
At least, she thought so ... until Noel suddenly towered over her.
“Sorry I’m late,” he said, his deep voice rumbling. His full lips parted in a captivating smile. “Hope you haven’t been waiting long.” He put one hand on the back of her chair.
She blinked rapidly. His subtle, spicy cologne wrapped around her. “No, just a few minutes, really,” she managed to get out, fighting to catch her breath. The man exuded a kind of magnetic force.
“Good. Iced tea, please,” he said to the waiter like a man used to being served promptly. “I had a meeting that ran too long. And you know how traffic is downtown.”
“Yes, of course,” Lyrissa murmured.
Noel unbuttoned his jacket, smoothed his green and tan silk tie, and sat across from her. She gazed at him as he picked up his menu. The noise around them faded in and out as she watched every move he made. He wore a dark khaki suit of a light fabric. Despite his muscular build, he looked perfectly at ease in business attire. Lyrissa imagined him dressed casually in a knit short-sleeved shirt hugging his broad chest, golden brown arms glistening in the sunlight. What would he look like in body-hugging blue jeans that outlined solid thighs? Even better, how would he look in swim trunks? She tilted her head to one side. Her gaze slid down his chest to the chocolate brown leather belt around his slim waist.
“Is something wrong?” he asked.
She snapped out of her reverie. “Excuse me?”
“You seem preoccupied. Guess my social chatter needs work.” He smiled that charming smile.
Lyrissa reluctantly gave up her vision of his hard body gradually shedding clothes. She drank deeply from her glass, thinking that she’d have done better to splash the cold water on her face. Still, the maneuver gave her time to recover. Two minutes into their conversation and she had the man practically naked in her mind. Sure she’d just broken the world speed record for Lusting After a Single Male, she cleared her throat and forced a smile.
“I should leave the office behind. It’s just that I have so much work piled up.”
“Then I won’t waste your time with small talk.” Noel gazed at her with an amused expression.
Lyrissa blushed. This lunch was definitely not going ac-cording to her plan. Noel was in the driver’s seat and she didn’t even remember giving it up. “That’s not at all what I meant, Mr. St. Denis.”
“Noel.”
She ignored the warmth his invitation inspired. “I’m sorry. You were saying?”
“I’ll call you Lyrissa, if you don’t mind,” he continued, staring at her intently. “You don’t do you?” His baritone voice rolled out the red carpet, enticing her to greater intimacy.
“N-no,” she stammered then wanted to kick herself for sounding so graceless. You have definitely lost control. Correction, you never had it.
Just then the waiter arrived. “I’m sorry, folks. We’re just so busy. Are you ready to order?”
Lyrissa sagged with relief as Noel turned his attention from her. He ordered a shrimp remoulade salad and more iced tea. She clutched her menu as though it were a lifesaver. All too soon it was her turn. The waiter looked at her.
“And for you, ma’am?”
Lyrissa prayed her voice wouldn’t come out as a squeak. She sipped more water. “I’ll have the spicy grilled fish and a garden salad,” she said, surprised at how normal she sounded.
Noel leaned toward her. “Lyrissa—”
“I’ve read about the St. Denis art collection,” she cut in smoothly, careful to wear a placid expression. “The history of the art is a big part of the history of your family.” He hesitated as though debating whether to give in or continue his seduction. Lyrissa squared her shoulders and gazed at him steadily. They seemed to be sizing each other up. She hoped he hadn’t detected the chink in her armor. Too many months of forced celibacy, she told herself. That had to be it. Just hang on, girl. Noel nodded as though conceding for now, at least. Lyrissa had no doubt he’d try again. But she’d be ready next time.
“The St. Denises have always been pack rats,” he said with a grin and sipped some iced tea.
“Pack rats with very good taste,” Lyrissa replied.
“You haven’t seen all the strange things in attics and spare rooms.” He leaned forward and lowered his voice.
“Don’t tell anybody, but some of my relatives are a little peculiar.”
“I think we can safely say that secret came out years ago,” she tossed back, then gasped. Her rapid-fire mouth had gone off again.
Noel laughed. “Trust me; the rumors aren’t half as wild as the truth.”
Lyrissa felt her cheeks bum. When would she learn to think first, and then speak?
“So you know all about the St. Denis family?” Noel sat back when the waiter appeared with their food.
“More tea and water?” the waiter asked.
“Yes, please,” Lyrissa said, her throat already dry as dust. She waited until he’d filled both glasses, and then darted off again. “I did search through articles about the collection. The most recent one I found was written about eight months ago.”
“Right. That was when the Amistad Center displayed several old family documents.” Noel used his fork to spear a succulent shrimp.
Lyrissa stared at the way his mouth closed around it. She looked down at her plate when he glanced at her. “Uh, yes. I noticed that Miss Georgina is listed as the owner. But you mentioned the collection is somewhat spread out through the family.”
“Some pieces were gifts to my great-great-grandfather. He’s the one who gathered all the art and made it into a collection. He was an art lover. He scavenged family attics.”
“I see.”
“We’re famous for having maiden aunts and confirmed bachelors with no kids. So to keep valuable items from being lost, he made it his business to keep the family legacy intact.” Noel chewed a bit of lettuce, and then glanced up.
“Harland St. Denis was a man of foresight. Most African-American families haven’t been able to preserve that much of their history.” Despite her low opinion of the St. Denis clan, Lyrissa’s compliment was genuine.
“You have done your homework, Lyrissa,” Noel said with an appreciative expression.
She shivered at how his deep voice rolled out the syllables of her name. “It’s part of my job, of course.” Lyrissa concentrated on cutting a small square of fish.
“What else have you dug up on us? None of the nastier family skeletons, I hope.”
Lyrissa glanced at him sharply. “Not at all. The St. Denis family has a fine reputation. I wouldn’t dream of...” 
Noel put down his fork. “Relax. I’m just kidding. Look, I’m not my grandmother. She takes the whole ‘protect the family name’ thing very seriously.”
“And you don’t?” Lyrissa eyed him with interest now. “Don’t get me wrong, I’m proud of my family. But I know not all my ancestors were saints.” He lifted a shoulder and picked up his fork again.
What an understatement! She’d done her homework, all right. The St. Denis family had not only a generous helping of eccentrics, but their share of robber barons as well. Some of the best pieces in the famous family collection had been stolen. Lyrissa would right at least one particular wrong. “If you say so,” she replied with a tight smile. Something in her tone must have caught his attention. He looked at her with an intensity that could have started a fire. Lyrissa swam against a strong tide that threatened to pull her into those smoky amber eyes. Noel wore the ghost of a smile as though very much aware of his effect on her.
“Tell me about you, Lyrissa.”
She blocked the start of another shiver when he said her name. She was determined to make her body behave.
“I received my BA degree from Dillard University in fine arts. I completed my master’s in art history at Tulane. Now I’m working on a Ph.D. with a concentration in art administration. I’d like to be a curator at a major museum one day.” Lyrissa knew she was babbling, but couldn’t help it. If only he’d stop looking at her like that.
“Smart and ambitious. I knew it from the moment we met. But I meant, tell me something about you personally.” He pushed his half-eaten salad aside.
“Personally,” she repeated, gazing back at him.
“It’s only fair, since you know so much about me.”
“Not that much, really,” Lyrissa said. “All I know is that you have an MBA from Loyola. You became CEO of your family’s corporation three years ago, after your uncle was forced to retire. Since then you’ve reorganized the company.”
“Very good. Now what’s my favorite color?” His mind- numbing smile flashed again.
She was ready this time. Lyrissa wore a serene expression as she met his gaze. “My interest is professional.”
Noel didn’t respond immediately. He seemed to be deciding on his next move. His expression didn’t change, but his direction did. “Okay, let’s talk business. What are collections like ours worth?”
“Difficult to say, until I get at least a general idea of what we’re talking about. But obviously it’s valuable.”
“Yes, we know that Has Taylor Gallery handled similar appraisals?” Noel drummed the fingertips of his right hand on the white linen tablecloth.
Lyrissa took a small bite of fish and chewed slowly. Let him wait for a while, she thought. At last she dabbed her mouth with her napkin. “Similar, but not as large. I suppose Mrs. St. Denis is preparing her will and needs a dollar figure.”
“That’s part of it,” he said vaguely. “Tell me this, how long will the appraisal take?”
“How long will it take for you to get me the list and track down where each piece is?” Lyrissa asked.
Noel drew a cream colored legal envelope from his in-side jacket pocket. “Here’s the list.” He opened it and took out the folded sheets.
Lyrissa put down her fork and took them from him. She scanned five pages of the neatly printed list for several minutes. Each page contained two columns describing works of art.
“You don’t have the artists’ names or locations indicated on over half the items. Do you have another, more complete list?” She held up the sheets of paper as though they were useless.
He sighed deeply. “Now you see the problem.”
“You don’t have any idea where fifty percent of the most valuable privately held collection of Creole and African-American art is?” Lyrissa said sharply. There was no mistaking the criticism in her voice.
“We have a general idea,” Noel said, an abashed expression on his face. “But as we told you, it’s all in the family. At least, we’re pretty sure.”
“You’re pretty sure,” she repeated.
“It’s really not that bad, Lyrissa.”
“Noel, I—”
“We’ve made progress!” he cut in. “You called me by my first name.”
Lyrissa pressed her lips together. “Let’s talk about how we can begin, despite the difficulties.”
“Yes, let’s,” he said brightly and bent his head close to hers.






Gotta Get Next To You Sample


Andrea and Gran walked into the municipal building, where both the city aldermen and the school board met. Rows of stadium-style seats faced the raised dais where city leaders sat. One long curved table faced the audience. Atop the table were microphones. Tonight the aldermen, along with the health clinic’s board of directors, would hear progress reports. Introducing her as the new director of the clinic would be part of a report. Andrea took a deep breath to steady her nerves. More than anything, she wanted to make a good first impression. Community cooperation was vital, and the local leaders could help the clinic or hurt it. She glanced at the agenda she’d been handed as they walked in.
“At least I’m not first,” Andrea said.
“You gonna do fine, cher.” Gran pinched her cheek. She glanced around and waved at friends. “Good turnout.”
“Then again, it would be nice to get this over with,” Andrea said with a grimace.
“Stop worrying your nerves, girl. All those years of school, you’re used to getting up in front of folks. Just look at it like that.”
“This is ten times harder than grad school,” Andrea said as she gazed around the room.
Small-town judgments could be harsh. Already, talk of how she felt about changes needed at the clinic had caused a stir. Andrea now remembered the part of small-town life she’d never missed, lightning-quick word of mouth. Some on the board had not been pleased with her candid assessment. They would be only too happy to sabotage her efforts to bring in more funding and expand the clinic. Bob Billings, the director leaving, worked part-time in a transitional capacity until Andrea could come aboard. The board had instructed him to make whatever changes he saw fit to make her first few weeks easier. Andrea was relieved and encouraged by this show of support. Yet dealing with the board was far less stressful than facing what looked to be one third of Bayou Blue.
Andrea scanned the audience, her gaze stopping at Shonda. From the venom in her eyes, Andrea could guess what she’d heard. Thelma Cresson sat four rows behind Shonda. She cast hostile glances at Andrea and whispered to a group of heavyset women surrounding her. They took turns scowling at Andrea. It was then that Andrea remembered that two of the aldermen were Thelma’s cousins and three members of the board were friends of hers.
“I guess I shouldn’t expect a round of applause when I stand up,” Andrea muttered quietly.
“What, baby?” Gran paused in the act of exchanging a new recipe with a lady who lived down the road from her.
“Nothing, nothing.” Andrea took another deep breath.
Gran gave her arm a nudge. “Look, Cousin Esme. Always bragging ’bout her son the chiropractor. Boy ain’t even a real doctor.”
“Gran, be nice,” Andrea mumbled close to her ear. She smiled at the approaching woman. “Hi, Cousin Esme.”
“Hello, Esme,” Gran said. She wore a restrained smile. “Nice crowd. Guess everybody wants to hear what’s going on.”
Esme held her head high. Her hair was pulled back in a bun. “Guess so. My Charles and his family said they would be here. Of course, being in his position, he’s interested in these things.”
“What position?” Gran raised one eyebrow.
“He’s givin’ consultation to the Health Clinic Board, of course. He is a medical professional,” Esme said. Gran pursed her lips. “Crackin’ bones ain’t—” “That’s wonderful, Cousin Esme,” Andrea said loudly, drowning out Gran. “So Charles is doing good?” “Yes. His little girl is a straight-A student and Charles Jr. is a whiz on the xylophone.” Esme glared at Andrea spitefully. “You got any children yet?”
“No.” Andrea shot a sideways glance at Gran, who was having the human equivalent of a nuclear meltdown.
“Andrea is on the agenda. She’s head of the clinic, you know.” Gran’s voice was tight with suppressed ire.
“That’s nice, sweetie.” Esme gave them both a con-descending smile. “Here’s Charles.”
“Hi, Andrea. Glad to see you home,” Charles said as he joined them with his wife, Janice, a good-natured, plump woman expecting their third child. “I’ve got a few ideas for the clinic. I’ll be talking to you.”
“All suggestions are welcome,” Andrea replied. She ignored Gran huffing with indignation beside her.
“Big head, that’s his problem. Just like his momma,” Gran muttered when they left to find their seats.
“Hush. Let’s sit down,” Andrea whispered.
Having been so long in Chicago, she’d forgotten about the forced intimacy of small-town life. What others thought of you was very important. Alienating your neighbors would seriously limit your social life and even hurt a business. Not to mention how hard it was when most of them were relatives. So for years there might never be an open battle, just a simmering feud. Andrea felt a renewed dread when she glanced around.
“Hello again, Ms. Noble.” A deep voice broke through her thoughts.
Andrea looked up. The dark eyes and dimple were familiar. His smile made her feel special, like she was the only woman he saw in the crowd. But it was his eyes that drew her in most of all. She was momentarily lost in the smoky depths that invited her into a sensuous other world. Andrea’s practical, cynical side fought hard to pull her from the edge.
Andrea’s gaze took in all of him. He was wearing an olive green and navy blue striped polo shirt open at the collar. His pants were navy also. A leather belt the color of dark wine coordinated with his loafers. The cologne he wore was a spicy, warm scent. He seemed oblivious to the stir he was causing. In fact, women all around the auditorium were staring at him in avid curiosity.
Gran glanced from Andrea to the man. “Guess I better introduce myself, since my granddaughter’s been struck dumb. I’m Mavis Ricard.”
Embarrassed and suddenly irritated, Andrea snapped out of her stupor. Exactly what she needed tonight, to make a fool of herself, especially in front of this man. His knowing smile grated even more.
“I would, Gran, except I can’t quite recall his name,” Andrea said, lifting her nose and glancing away.
“Jamal Turner. Nice to meet you, Mrs. Ricard.” He dipped his head to her in a courtly bow.
“Baby, everybody calls me Miz Mavis. You can, too.” Gran grinned at him widely. “Such a polite young fella. Not like some of these other rascals.”
“Thank you, ma’am,” Jamal said.
“Who are your people? You from around here? Don’t sound like it. I’ll bet you from up north or something.” Gran went into full investigation mode. “Don’t you think, Andrea?”
“Hmm,” Andrea said in what she hoped was a disinterested voice. Still her heartbeat picked up speed when he spoke.
“I’m from Los Angeles actually. Born and raised there.” Jamal seemed more than willing to answer her questions. “My grandmother lives in Lafayette.”
“Well, then you’re as good as a Louisiana child,” Gran declared. She nodded with approval, and then leaned toward him. “Got a good job?”
“Gran, really!” Andrea wanted to sink under the gray-tiled floor.
“Just got a pretty good one right here in town,” Jamal answered smoothly as though not the least bit put out.
“That sure is nice. Isn’t it, Andrea?” Gran’s eyes twinkled.
“Right.” Andrea laced her answer with doubt. “So what are you doing here?”
“I’m part of the effort to make Bayou Blue a better place to live,” he said. “I’m helping the local Improvement Committee.”
“What?” Andrea was no less astonished than if he’d announced he was from another planet.
“And I’m committed to improving the quality of life.” He squared his shoulders.
“Exactly what we need,” Gran put in with enthusiasm. “A talented young man with a good heart. And strong arms, too. Don’t you think he’s built real strong, Andrea?” She nudged Andrea with her elbow.
“Oh, please!” Andrea hissed in a low voice. She was mortified to find him watching her with an amused expression.
“Thank you, ma’am. I try to work out three times a week. And I eat all my vegetables.”
“Your mamma raised a fine son.” Gran patted his arm and glanced at Andrea. “Real fine."
“The meeting is about to start. Let’s sit down.” Andrea pushed Gran toward empty seats in the second row from the front. “Excuse us.”
“Come on, baby.” Gran snagged Jamal’s hand before she could be hauled off. “There’s plenty seats.”
He glanced at Andrea, pressing his lips together, apparently to keep from laughing. Andrea ground her teeth in frustration. Gran’s blatant matchmaking was galling. Yet the only thing she could do was follow them. With the grace of a ballet dancer, Gran maneuvered herself so that he was placed between them.
“Perfect,” he said, grinning at her.
Andrea’s stomach fluttered. Somehow she’d become susceptible to that dam dimple! She did her best to ignore him. Her heart had only just healed from the bruising Ellis had inflicted. He, too, had a smile that could melt icebergs, the liar. Andrea had gone back to using her maiden name before the ink was dry on the divorce decree. One whole week had been devoted to changing her credit cards and driver’s license. It was a move to obliterate Ellis Reeves from her life. Andrea vowed to be in total control the next time, if there was a next time. Jamal Turner was not going to change her mind. Neither would her crafty grandmother.
As though reading her mind, he turned to look at her again. Some kind of force snatched away her thought of resistance. His gaze traveled down her face to her neck and beyond. Andrea’s breathing now matched her in-creased heart rate. There was no denying the raw sexual energy this man could put into a simple glance. Andrea squirmed in her seat as a pleasant aching need stabbed her pelvis. When he looked up into her eyes again, she felt pure desire. She glanced at his hands. A vivid picture of him reaching up to unbutton her blouse popped into her head. Her head was swimming at the thought of his fingers on her bare skin. Andrea looked from his hands back to his face and swallowed hard. She put a shaky hand to her forehead and rubbed hard to break this disquieting spell he had woven.
She was obscenely happy to be introduced by the time she was called. When asked to give a statement, she did not mind at all. Anything to distract her from the way her body kept responding to Jamal. She was brief. Andrea made broad mention of problems, but did not spend much time on them.
“I look forward to working with everyone to make the clinic one we can be proud of.” Andrea said.
“Thank you. I’m sure you’re going to do a fine job.”
Fred Hilliard, the president of the board, looked at the other officials. “Y’all got any questions?” When no one spoke, he moved on to other business.
“You did great,” Jamal said when she slipped back into her seat.
Andrea let out a long breath. “Thanks. I need all the support I can get.”
“That’s what I’m here for.” He grinned at her.
“What are you talking about?” she asked, but he put a finger to his lips.
“Listen.” He nodded toward the aldermen.
“And, Ms. Noble, we know inventory and the books at the clinic are in a bad way. Mr. Jamal Turner there is going to help you get it all on the new computer.” Mr. Hilliard smiled. “He’s just what you need.”
“Ain’t that the truth!” Gran burst out. She clapped her hands with glee.
Andrea stared at Jamal in shock. “But what, how—”
“They interviewed me two weeks ago. The clinic needs my services; I needed a job, and bam! You got me.
“In my office?” Andrea whispered to herself.
He dipped his head in a mock bow. “Jamal Turner, at your service.”
Andrea sat stunned. She gazed at Gran and then back at the dimple that kept yanking at her pulse. This was incredible. All her plans to keep out of his line of fire shot down! He’d be within reach. Trouble already. Just the thought of being close to him brought on the urge to feel those muscular arms. Was her armor strong enough?
He tilted his head to one side, an impish glint in his dark eyes. “I look forward to working with you, Nurse Noble.”




~~ About the Author ~~



Mix knowledge of voodoo, Louisiana politics and forensic social work with the dedication to write fiction while working each day as a clinical social worker, and you get a snapshot of author Lynn Emery.  Lynn has been a contributing consultant to the magazine Today’s Black Woman for three articles about contemporary relationships between black men and women.  For more information visit:


If you would like a personalized digital autograph go to:

http://www.authorgraph.com/authors/LEmeryWriter

Visit me on the web at:

www.lynnemery.com

Connect with me on:
Twitter: www.twitter.com/LEmeryWriter
Facebook: www.facebook.com/lynn.emery.author
