The Lion and Unicorn Quest
Cecilia Peartree

Copyright Cecilia Peartree 2013
Smashwords Edition, Licence Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Cover image: Dreamstime.com

Chapter 1 Quarrel at Victoria - Oliver
Damn and blast! 
Flora was nowhere to be seen. I strained my eyes to see if I could spot her red hair glowing among the greyness that seemed to dominate every scene these days, but she had managed to lose herself among the mass of people milling around outside. I walked up the road a little way to try and escape the station crowds. I knew there was a bus stop further along the street; perhaps she had decided to go straight home.
There! I saw a flash of red hair. Unfortunately it belonged to a middle-aged matron wearing a maroon winter coat. That wasn’t a good colour combination, but aesthetics were the least of my worries. If Flora vanished for good – if I never saw her again…
I told myself not to be so dramatic. I might as well go and catch a bus home myself. She would get in touch with me again the next day, or the next week, or whenever she got over this silly tantrum she’d flown into over nothing very much. I turned my steps back towards the station, and as I did so, I caught another glimpse of red hair. This time it definitely belonged to Flora. She was boarding a bus about two hundred yards away. I sprinted for it, and it pulled away just before I reached it, with the conductor mocking me from the platform at the back.
‘Better get in shape, mate!’ he advised me.
‘Damn and blast!’
I didn’t realise I had spoken aloud until I heard an old woman tutting.
‘Mind your language, son,’ she said. ‘There’s ladies present.’
I stifled the urge to say something rude, and raised my hat to her in a show of politeness. Then, because I was a mature, adult man, once she was out of sight I went and kicked the edge of the kerb. It hurt my foot but I didn’t care.
How did Flora manage to reduce me to this state so frequently? It had been the same ever since I first set eyes on her in that gallery off Regent Street. She could always wind me round her little finger.
I leaned on the wall of the little florist’s shop near the bus stop, lit a cigarette and wondered how we had arrived at this impasse. The day had started so well. I had been in an excellent frame of mind as I set off to meet her at Victoria. She had spent Christmas with the Bernards in Eastbourne, and I had missed her terribly. Being in Norfolk with my family for a few days hadn’t made up for that at all.
If only we hadn’t decided to pop into the news cinema in the station before going to have dinner – that was where it all went wrong. If only they hadn’t shown that silly story about the Stone of Scone – being Scottish, of course Flora felt strongly about it. If only I hadn’t made such a flippant remark.
‘Why can’t you ever take anything seriously, Oliver?’ she demanded on the steps down to the station concourse. ‘This is important! It could mean everything to us!’
‘I suppose by us you mean the Scots!’ I said.
‘Of course I mean the Scots. It’s nobody else’s business!’
‘But it’s the coronation stone. It belongs to the whole nation. So I think I’m entitled to take it lightly or seriously, whichever I choose.’
I was still trying to play it all down, to shift things back on to the affectionate footing we had started on that afternoon.
She was silent for a moment. We had stopped halfway down the steps and people were starting to complain they couldn’t get past. I took her arm and hurried her on down. She pulled away when we reached ground level. Her green eyes were blazing hatred at me. I couldn’t believe how angry she was.
‘Please tell me you’re not involved in this stupid theft somehow,’ I said in a sudden panic.
‘Of course not! But I’m starting to wish I was,’ she said. ‘It would be good to do something significant. To feel as if something really mattered.’
‘Really mattered? What about our work together? Doesn’t that matter?’
‘I might have known you’d take it personally. It’s nothing to do with you, Oliver… It’s about national pride. And people taking risks to do what they believe in.’
I didn’t say to her that I thought she had already taken enough risks for one lifetime. I remembered the little she had told me about her war service, and I thought she had probably used up all her luck then.
‘I believe in what we do,’ I said instead, trying to stay calm.
‘Oh, you’ll never understand!’ she exclaimed, taking a few steps away from me. ‘Well, I hope the stone is never found again!’
‘I hope it is, and I hope the people responsible get arrested.’ I didn’t really have an opinion about this one way or another, but I wasn’t going to let her have her own way and think I was spineless. ‘It’s treason, after all, isn’t it? I hope they’re executed on Tower Hill.’
It was a very silly thing to say. I deserved what happened next.
She whirled round and took off like a bat out of hell, right through the station and out into the cold afternoon drizzle without even putting on her coat. It flew up behind her as she carried it along. People scattered before her, making a clear path that closed up again afterwards. I didn’t stand a chance of catching up.
Someone nudged me.
‘Are you going to get on the bus or not? Some of us want to get home tonight, you know.’
The cigarette had burned down almost to my fingertips, and a bus stood in front of me. I glanced round at the queue, lifted my hat to them in apology as I threw the cigarette end into the gutter, and got on. The conductor was shaking his head and tutting. People never used to tut at me when I was a policeman. Not for the first time, I wondered if I had done the right thing when I abandoned that life and struck out on my own.
It was getting dark when I reached my flat, in a small serviced apartment building between Baker Street and Gloucester Place. I was already missing Flora, but instead of wallowing in emotion I just charged inside, banging the front door behind me. I had picked up an evening paper from the kiosk by the Tube station. I hoped it wouldn’t mention the blasted Stone of Scone. The newsreel had reported that road blocks had been set up at various points, and border checks on the way north to Scotland, where it was presumed the thieves would try and take it. In some ways I couldn’t help admiring their cheek, although I would never have admitted that to Flora of course. She was impossible enough without imagining I agreed with her silly ideas.
Aha. The paper said Scottish students were being blamed for the audacious theft. Wasn’t her brother a student in Glasgow? She hadn’t told me much about her family in the months we had known each other, but I thought she had said something about being worried over his political activities.
I sat down on the hard chair in the hall and read on. It was all purely idle speculation, of course. The writer of the piece didn’t know what had happened to the coronation stone any more than I did.
My hand brushed against something on the little table next to me. I glanced at it, surprised. A small package wrapped in tissue paper and tied with a green ribbon. It was a present for Flora, but after what had just happened it was anyone’s guess when I would get close enough to give it to her.
I turned the page and found a huge headline about the Festival of Britain. Apparently it was in financial trouble again. Well, there was a surprise. As far as I could tell, the whole thing was just a diversionary tactic by the government to try and get us to forget about all the doom and gloom and greyness around us and do something frivolous for a while.
Perhaps this new job of mine was frivolous too, I mused, wandering into the drawing-room and staring towards the window. I hadn’t yet drawn the curtains and I could see all the lights coming on in the darkness outside. I didn’t have much of a view from here but there were street lights all along Montague Mansions and house lights now too. I liked to leave the curtains open when it got dark. My grandfather, from whom I had inherited this flat, would have worried about people looking in, even although the place was on the second floor. He was obsessively secretive and wouldn’t even let my grandmother set foot in here because he thought of it as a bolt-hole in town, where he could be on his own and do what he wanted. The layout and decoration were still very masculine, with stark black leather chairs and grey carpets. Any vague suspicion that he might have kept a mistress here had been swiftly allayed when I saw it for the first time: no woman could have lived in such an ascetic way. My mother would sometimes tease me by saying it was no place to bring up a family and that I would have to exchange it for a suburban terraced house when I got married, but the time for that decision was still some way off.
Damn! I had forgotten to cancel our dinner reservation. I didn’t feel at all like eating, anyway. And it was always the last resort of a miserable man to go out to eat on his own. But I knew I didn’t have anything in my cupboard worth eating so I had to go out again or starve. I decided to take a stroll down to my club in Regent Street and see if there was anyone I knew there. I hadn’t seen my old services friends for a while and there was a chance that I might bump into one of them.
As I opened my front door to go out, I noticed a letter on the mat. I didn’t know if it had only just arrived, or if I hadn’t seen it earlier in my haste to get to the sanctuary of the flat. I stupidly hoped it might be from Flora, although she had hardly had time to compose a letter and put it in the post since I last saw her. But when I turned the envelope over I saw that it was from my mother. I frowned. It was only two days since I had left Norfolk, and I couldn’t imagine she had much more to say to me. But I shoved the letter into my coat pocket to read later.
As luck would have it, I was just taking my coat off at the club when someone called ‘Ollie!’ and the man I probably thought of as my best friend came up and clapped me on the back.
‘Hello, Stan,’ I said. The coat-check man suppressed a smile.
‘No relation to Laurel and Hardy,’ I told him. It had only been funny the first few times and now it was just one of life’s minor irritations.
‘Are you on your own?’ said Stan. He was as large and over-blown as ever, getting redder in the face as he got older, and if you looked at him you might think of a child’s red balloon that had been over-inflated and was in danger of bursting at any moment.
‘Yes, I’m afraid so,’ I said. ‘Pathetic, isn’t it?’
‘Not at all – so am I. Want to join me for a spot of dinner?’
‘Might as well.’
We settled ourselves in the big leather chairs in the lounge and looked at each other through the haze of cigar smoke.
‘You look thinner,’ he said accusingly. ‘Is that girl of yours not feeding you up?’
‘She isn’t exactly my girl. Especially after today.’ I sighed. ‘What about you – wife gone back to her mother’s?’
‘Don’t even joke about it,’ he said. ‘Will you have a drink before we go in?’
A waiter took our drinks orders and threatened to return with menus. I didn’t care if he never came back. I still didn’t feel hungry, and hinting at the situation to Stan hadn’t helped.
Over dinner, which wasn’t great but was more edible than anything I could have cooked up for myself, Stan told me what was bothering him. 
‘It’s the South Bank. Not to mention Battersea.’
‘The Festival of Britain? What’s that got to do with you?’
‘Security,’ he said gloomily, waving a forkful of beef and carrots around as if to illustrate the all-encompassing nature of his task.
‘Ah. So what particular aspect of it has attracted the interest of the Metropolitan Police?’
‘It isn’t so much that it’s attracted our interest,’ he said. ‘It’s that we can’t ignore it. It isn’t going to go away. And it’s a huge operation. It’s bound to bring in all sorts of rogues and scoundrels. From all over London – if not beyond.’
‘Is it? I thought it was a great national celebration comprised of edifying exhibits and innocent fun for the children… And isn’t there some sort of financial problem with it anyway? Maybe it won’t go ahead.’
‘Of course it’ll go ahead,’ he said darkly. ‘Just imagine the fuss if it had to be cancelled. The government will pour more money into it even if they have to borrow it from the Americans again.’
‘But why should it bring in rogues and scoundrels? What’s in it for them?’
‘Maybe I’m not expressing myself clearly here. It isn’t just petty thieves and pickpockets. I’m talking about traitors and troublemakers. Look at this Stone of Destiny thing, for a start. Then there are the Irish. The King’s opening it, you know. Anything could happen.’
‘But that’s Special Branch, isn’t it?’
‘They do all the exciting stuff,’ he said, laying down his fork and knife and lifting his wine glass again. ‘And we do the hard work. That’s how it is. They’ll only be called in if it gets really serious. We’re the first in line.’
I stared at him. He was unusually jittery.  Just as well he hadn’t been like this when we were in a fighter plane together somewhere over the north coast of France. Or when we were in the East End rounding up gangsters.
He leaned towards me. ‘Just between ourselves, there’s more.’
I waited. He lowered his voice even further. ‘I’m only telling you because you know about this kind of thing.’
He paused again, took a breath. ‘Paintings.’
‘Paintings?’
‘Sssh – keep your voice down. Nobody’s supposed to know. Some bigwig’s lending a very special painting to one of the displays. In the pavilions. It’s worth an arm and a leg.’
‘Hmm,’ I said, lowering my voice to match his. ‘What about the security?’
‘He’s bringing his own man in. But nobody knows anything. Forget I told you,’ he hissed.
‘Fine. I don’t know anything about anything.’
‘So, how’s tricks with you, then?’ he asked, straightening up and speaking normally. ‘Still glad you set up on your own?... Of course, you’re not really on your own, are you?’
I wasn’t at all sure of that, after what had happened earlier. But I smiled and told him about the last case Flora and I had worked on together and how it had expanded from recovering someone’s lost painting to locating and reuniting his whole family too. On reflection, I still thought it had been a very worthwhile thing to do, and far removed from the frivolity of tracking down painted canvases that happened, sometimes for no reason that anybody could see, to be worth a lot of money.
Remembering how well Flora and I had worked together brought a lump to my throat, but I tried to ignore that. The long lazy summer evenings at hotels in varying states of repair across continental Europe were best forgotten for the moment too. I already knew one of her main characteristics was stubbornness, so I didn’t think she would come crawling back to me with an apology for flying off the handle.
No, there was a long haul ahead, and if listening to my old friend Stan boring on about the Festival of Britain helped me to get through it, I thought it might be time well spent.

Chapter 2 Encounter in Paddington - Flora
I got off the bus at the next stop and went back to look for Oliver, but he was gone. How typical of him to rush off like that! He should have known I’d stop being angry before long and come back.
Well, if he felt like that, it wasn’t up to me to make the first move. In any case, I thought there were serious grounds for disagreement between us; not to mention the fact that I was terribly worried about Sandy. I suddenly wished I had gone home for Christmas and stayed on for a while. Then I would never have known how lightly Oliver took my opinions about Scottish events, and I would have been able to keep an eye on Sandy for myself instead of relying on the infrequent letters of my mother and grandmother.
I was glad, on the other hand, that I had spent a few days with the Bernards. They didn’t really celebrate Christmas, of course, but they had tried their best to make it a bit special for me. No Christmas tree in the window, but a candlelit dinner and some excellent home baking. 
I got on the next bus and went straight home. There was no point in staying around Victoria just because I had last seen Oliver there. He had probably gone home too. Although I had never invited him into the shabby house in Paddington he knew where I lived, after all. If he wanted to get in touch with me and apologise, I would listen to him graciously enough then. I let myself into the house. It wasn’t very warm indoors, but at least I was now sheltered from the icy wind that had made me shiver in the street outside, fumbling for the keys in my bag. My fingers encountered the hard shape of a box hidden in the depths of the bag. I knew it was a packet containing a few cigars. I had meant to give them to Oliver as a present. I didn’t know what I would do with them if I never saw him again. I banished that thought to the darkest recesses of my mind.
Mrs Brampton slid into the front hall from the direction of the kitchen. Her movements as she undulated around the house often suggested those of a large serpent and were so quiet that I sometimes didn’t notice she was there until she spoke. At least she didn’t hiss: I would have found that rather frightening.
‘Two gentlemen to see you, Miss Murray,’ she said. ‘I didn’t want to show them into your room, so they’re waiting in the parlour.’
Two gentlemen? I was at a loss to know who they could be. I hoped they weren’t – an icicle slithered down my spine as my imagination ran riot. Had anything happened to Oliver – Sandy – my parents?
‘They don’t look like policemen,’ said Mrs Brampton.
I exhaled abruptly. I drew my shoulders back. Hardly anyone knew my address here. Or at least, I hadn’t given it to many people. 
‘Are you sure they’ve come to the right place?’ I asked.
‘They seem to think so. You’d better ask them. I’ll be waiting out here if you need me.’
She brought out a rolling-pin from behind her back and brandished it. I laughed. It was such a cliché. She didn’t seem as if she would have the strength to wield it in anger, in any case.
The two men wore nondescript grey suits. They had put their hats on top of Mrs Brampton’s china cabinet, next to the Art Deco style teapot that always seemed out of place above the shelves of small seaside mementoes and Mrs Brampton’s china dog collection. One of the men sprang up from a Victorian spoon-backed chair as I entered the parlour, while the other turned away from the window and stared at me.
‘Miss Flora Murray.’
It was a statement, not a question. We knew each other. I gazed up at him, waiting for the surge of anger to flow through me and inspire me to say something devastating. But I didn’t feel anything. Of course it was nearly six years since it all happened. A lot of water had flowed under the bridge in that time. I had grown up, I supposed. I had met Oliver Quest and together we had helped to reunite people with their possessions and, in one case, with long-lost family members. I was a different person now.
‘You look very well, ‘he said. He looked about the same as he had done the last time I saw him in his office, the time I threw my final pay packet at him and shrieked like a madwoman, loosing all the pent-up feelings I had nurtured for the last months of the war.
‘What do you want?’ I said at last. He appeared puzzled, as if it should have been obvious why he was there, invading my life again, opening the book long after it had been closed and replaced on the shelf in a locked library where no-one ever went.
‘We need you,’ he said.
‘We?’
‘Your country – and its allies.’
I turned away from him and stared at the Art Deco teapot, tracing its shape with my eyes. I wanted to concentrate on normal things. Teapots, and toast, and going to the news cinema – never mind how that had turned out – and meeting friends. I didn’t want to remember the time when I had been living in a hideous game of hide and seek from which there was no respite even when I closed the door of my own room at the end of the day.
‘You were good, Flora. A good agent. One of the best.’
‘And?’ I said.
‘And someone you know has entered Britain illegally using a false passport. We need to catch him and put him on trial.’
‘But what does that have to do with me? After all this time? I’m not an agent any more.’
‘We still have you on our files,’ he said. There was a menacing undertone in his voice I didn’t like at all.
‘Have you been watching me? Is that how you knew where to find me?’
‘We like to keep up with old friends,’ he said, not answering the question. He was good at that.
‘You might as well go now,’ I said, folding my arms in a defensive gesture.
‘I don’t think so,’ he said.
The other man, the one I hadn’t met before, was watching me, his dark eyes unreadable.
‘Mrs Brampton’s waiting outside with a rolling-pin,’ I said. ‘So don’t try anything on.’
The first man, the one I knew, roared with laughter. ‘Do you really think that would stop us doing anything we want to do?... We won’t hurt you, Flora. There’s nothing for you to worry about. And nothing for anyone you know to worry about, providing you co-operate.’
There it was again, the underlying threat in his voice.
‘What do you mean, anyone I know?’
‘Well, let me see… Your circle of friends and acquaintances is really quite small, isn’t it? There’s your landlady, of course. The Bernards. Your friend Mr Quest. Your family. Do you have anyone else in your life? I really can’t remember.’
I sighed. ‘Just tell me what you’re talking about, and then go.’
He frowned. ‘Your brother. Sandy, I believe his name is. We have reason to believe he may be involved in some illegal activities. Possibly even treasonous. I don’t want to have him brought in for questioning, something which might harm his chances of getting his degree, and therefore of making progress in a career in the future, but….’
‘Oh, for goodness’ sake! Just tell me what you want from me!’
He sat down on one of the spoon-backed chairs. I sat too, on the chaise longue, perching right on the edge of it facing him. I still had my arms folded in an attempt to shut him out.
‘We have reason to believe this former acquaintance of yours will try to find you. He thinks you can lead him to something he wants. But once he finds it and has no further use for you, he will kill you without a single qualm.’
I shivered.
‘What is it? What does he want?’
‘I think you can work that out if you give it some thought.’
‘No.’
There was silence except for our breathing, soft and low in the over-stuffed room.
‘The Rembrandt?’
He smiled. ‘I knew you could work it out.’
‘But – who is he?’
I felt that icicle of remembered fear just touch me between the shoulder-blades again. I twitched, glancing accusingly round at the other man, the silent one, as if it was his fault.
‘Think about it,’ said the first man.
I closed my mouth firmly. Why should I do all the work in this interview? He was toying with me, teasing me to get my interest.
He shrugged his shoulders suddenly. ‘We can get in touch with the Glasgow police in five minutes. Your brother will be under lock and key by the end of the day. It’s your choice.’
It wasn’t a choice at all.
‘Wassermann?’ I said in a hushed whisper.
A curt nod from the silent man and an exclamation of triumph from the other.
‘He’s still alive?’
‘Very much so,’ said the man I knew. ‘Karl Wassermann entered the country under the name of Charles Waterman, with a forged passport, early in December. We lost him after that. But we believe he may be trying to find you because of the Rembrandt. When he does, we want you to contact us. That’s all.’
‘That’s all? The man who -?’
It was beyond belief. They knew what it would do to me. I wouldn’t put it past them to stake me out like a tethered goat and just wait for him to strike, either. It would be quicker than hoping he tracked me down under his own steam. I knew how they operated.
‘You’re not going to lead him to me, are you? I wouldn’t want anyone I know to be put in danger.’
‘We can keep an occasional eye on this place,’ he said dismissively. ‘The rest is up to you. We know you’ve been seeing Quest. I can’t tell you not to see him, but if you do continue the relationship you’ll be putting his life at risk. That’s all.’
Yes, that was all. I was too numbed by shock to feel upset at that moment, but I knew it would come later. I said, quite calmly,
‘So if I agree to co-operate, you won’t make any moves against Sandy. Mrs Brampton will be safe, but only if your men happen to be passing at the right time. Oliver Quest will be safe if I keep away from him. Is that what you’re saying?’
That was what they were saying. They left soon after that.
When Mrs Brampton had shown them out, she glided into the parlour and put her arm round me as I sat on her chaise-longue, looking at that same teapot with blank unseeing eyes. That was when I found silent tears were pouring down my face.
I don’t know where the tears came from: I was hollow and empty inside again just as I had been before.

Chapter 3 Home to Norfolk – Oliver
I didn’t open the letter from my mother until the next morning. 
As I read, I wished I had looked at it sooner. My father had suffered a stroke and was gravely ill. She asked me, with an outward diffidence that masked great urgency, to return home immediately if I could possibly manage it. I wondered why she hadn’t asked someone to telephone me instead or sent a telegram: I would have received the news sooner. But of course she never liked to interfere with my work. She imagined me engaged in cases with national or even international implications. 
Of course I had to go. I hadn’t expected to make the journey again until Easter, but this would perhaps turn out to be my last chance to see my father alive. I breathed deeply, thinking about it. We had come across plenty of mortality in wartime, often much more tragic than this illness of an elderly man, and yet there was nothing quite so close to home as this.
In a way I was torn between going to Norfolk and making my peace with Flora. But I knew there really wasn’t any choice.
I telephoned my mother to let her know I was on my way. In the middle of flinging some things in a bag, I scrawled a note to Flora, tore up the first attempt and tried again, tore up the second attempt, then decided I needed to speak to her face to face before writing anything. On the train to Norwich, only the first leg of my journey, I wished I had given her some sort of explanation. She might imagine I didn’t want to see her again. I just hoped she wouldn’t do anything silly before I returned. I didn’t spell out even to myself what sort of thing I had in mind. But I wasn’t yet sure enough of her affection to take it for granted.
The journey seemed even more tortuous than usual, with a change on to a local branch line in Norwich and then a cab to the house from a station in the wilds. 
My mother was cleaning the silver on the kitchen table. I guessed she had needed something to do while she waited for news from the hospital. A girl from the local village looked on anxiously. Her anxiety might either have been because my mother expected her to learn how to do it properly, or because my poor mother was in danger of polishing a little sweet dish away altogether with the force of her hands.
She looked up. ‘Oliver! Oh, darling, thank you for coming!’
I went over and put my arm round her shoulders. ‘Any news?’
‘They said,’ she began, and paused, perhaps fighting back emotion. ‘They said the first twenty-four hours would be crucial.’
‘It must be more than that now, surely?’
‘Thirty hours.’
‘Have you seen him?’
She shook her head. ‘Is that a good thing, do you think?’
‘I don’t know. Probably.’
I thought they would have called her in to see him if he really was on his death-bed. I frowned. He was a stubborn old boy, and I found the whole idea of a death-bed very disconcerting.
‘Your sister’s on her way,’ said my mother.
While not exactly unwelcome, this piece of information didn’t immediately cheer me up. My sister Clemency had a way of demanding her own time in the limelight, and wouldn’t necessarily be of any help if she thought someone else was hogging it. On the other hand, she had always lived up to her position as my father’s favourite child, even choosing to study economics apparently to please him, and if anyone could pull him back from the brink, it was her.
‘You didn’t bring Flora?’ asked my mother, peering round the room to make sure there was no-one else with me. ‘I thought we might meet her at last.’
Apart from the fact that a family death-bed wasn’t the best occasion to introduce an outsider, I didn’t think my mother grasped the nature of my relationship with Flora. She wasn’t the kind of woman who was an appendage to a man; you couldn’t just bring her along like a piece of luggage. I didn’t try and explain this. It would have been impossible under any circumstances, and it was just irrelevant at this moment.
Fortunately my mother was distracted by the telephone. Her voice climbed higher and higher, and I couldn’t help overhearing.
‘Oh, you poor dear. Oliver will come and meet you at the station… No, there’s no news. But I think that’s a good thing… Goodbye, darling.’
The girl from the village stared at me from her big round blue eyes. I winked. ‘That was my sister. I expect she’s run out of cash on the way here.’
I put my coat back on and was on my way out as my mother came in from the hall.
‘I’ll take the Rover. Is there any petrol in it?’
She nodded. ‘Your father’s been keeping it topped up all the time since the end of petrol rationing. I don’t think he trusts them not to bring it back… Be nice to Clemmie, now. She’s very upset.’
I hadn’t had the chance over Christmas to drive the latest Rover. My father was an extremely nervous passenger – hated giving control to anyone else, I suppose. Well, he would have to do that now, if he survived. My hands tightened on the steering wheel. I concentrated hard on staying in the middle of the road. I knew there were ditches at the sides and it was only too easy to stray into one. The going was a bit easier once I pulled out on to the main road and headed for the station.
My sister was already waiting outside. She had been quite restrained by her standards and only brought one suitcase and a big carpet bag she had inherited from one of our grandmothers. She was very stylish in her grey costume and white shirt. Her dark hair fell in a smooth curve almost to shoulder level. When I had first encountered Flora I had thought she was cast almost from the same mould with her effortless elegance, but on closer acquaintance I had grown to appreciate the more ruffled look she tended to lapse into at times when putting on a professional front wasn’t so vital.
As soon as Clemency got into the car she said, ‘Do you have a cigarette, Oliver?’
I glanced over at her. She showed no outward sign of distress, but it was unusual for her to smoke, and she knew full well my father didn’t like it. I didn’t argue with her: sometimes you had to be selective about picking fights with Clemency. I handed her the packet of cigarettes and a box of matches from my coat pocket, and started the engine.
She didn’t speak again until we were on the way back to the house and she had finished one cigarette and was lighting up another.
‘So how is he really?’ she said.
‘What do you mean, really?’
‘Well, Mother’s always so relentlessly optimistic. It’s impossible to work out what’s happening.’
‘I don’t know any more than you do... Better open the window for a bit. He won’t like it if he smells smoke in the car.’
‘So you think he’ll come home from hospital?’
I blinked. ‘Yes, of course.’
Later, as we looked at my father lying still and grey in the men’s ward, it was harder to believe this. My mother and Clemency immediately directed their attention to trying to have him moved to a private room, but I suspected this was because they couldn’t bear to see him in this state and wanted to divert themselves. I sat by his bedside for a while as they went off to create a scene with the matron, or whoever was in charge of allocating bed space. It was strangely restful. Until he opened his eyes.
He sniffed the air. ‘Have you been smoking?’
Typical that his faculties should return just so that he could tell me off. I wasn’t sure if it would be a good idea to argue with him, so I put my hand over his and said, ‘How are you feeling, Father?’
‘I hope you haven’t been smoking in the car,’ he persisted, and closed his eyes again. After a moment he said, ‘Where’s your mother?’
‘I’ll fetch her.’
‘No.’ He clutched at my hand and gripped it tightly. ‘Tell me – will I live?’
‘Of course you will!’
‘Really?’
He opened his eyes and stared at me. I thought I should try and get hold of a doctor. If this was the first time he had been conscious since the stroke, it was a significant change in his condition, and they would want to know about it. His speech and thought processes seemed to me to be unaffected but the medics would be able to confirm this.
‘Will I walk again?’
‘Walk?’
He lowered his voice to a whisper. ‘I can’t feel my legs.’
‘Ah. I’d better fetch a doctor.’
At that moment my mother and Clemency made their entrance into the ward, followed by a nurse with a cross expression. She ejected me with talk of ‘two visitors only’, told me the others would only be allowed to stay for ten minutes, and that only if they didn’t cause too much agitation, and was about to leave me in the waiting-room when I told her what had happened. This resulted in a lot of commotion, the instant expulsion of my mother and Clemency from the ward and the erection of screens around my father’s bed.
The others were cross with me and, I thought, resentful that my father had come to his senses just to speak to me, but later, once we were home again, huddled in the kitchen because it was too cold to brave any other room in the house, my mother sighed heavily and said, ‘It looks as if he might survive after all, then.’
I wasn’t sure if she was pleased by this idea or not. Generally I felt relieved that the old boy might live a bit longer. We had had our differences over the years, largely because my father had wanted me to follow him into a banking career, and I hadn’t yet dared to break the news to him or to my mother that I had left the police and set up on my own, but I wasn’t ready for the conveyor-belt to move on and the generation above me to be consigned to oblivion.
Later still, once we had got the fire going in the drawing-room and my mother had retired to bed early, Clemency and I had a drink together.
‘So you didn’t bring Flora, then?’ she said, glancing sideways at me.
‘Evidently not.’
‘Why don’t you want us to meet her? Or is it the other way round? Are you ashamed of us?’
‘It isn’t that… It just wasn’t the right time.’
‘Are you hiding something from us, Oliver? Does she have two heads or something?’
I laughed and took a gulp of my gin and tonic to give me time to think
‘She’s beautiful. Striking. Mother and Father would love her. You’d be madly envious.’
‘But – I know you’re hiding something, Oliver. You’ve got exactly the same expression as you did that time you brought a stray dog home with you and hid it in the summerhouse.’
I laughed even more. ‘Flora isn’t a stray dog. And anyway, that dog followed me home. I didn’t just bring it.’
‘So,’ she said slowly. ‘what about your work in the police? You’re always so busy – how did you come to get time off at short notice?’
I gasped. 
‘Aha!’ she went on. ‘I knew it! You’ve been sacked from the police. And you’re afraid to tell the parents.’
‘Of course I haven’t been sacked, you idiot.’
‘What, then?’
I set down my glass on the nearest side table and met her eyes. ‘I left the police force of my own accord. I’ve started up my own business.’
I was gratified to see my sister’s jaw drop and her grey eyes widen. ‘You haven’t!’
There was a pause while she tried to take in this information.
‘What sort of business?’ she said at last.
‘Investigations. Recovering lost artworks. Flora has been helping me – or at least, she was.’
‘So you’re a private detective?’
‘Yes, I suppose so – but not in any sleazy way. I specialise in art.’ 
Clemency gave an inelegant snort. ‘That won’t pay the bills for long.’
‘What do you know about it?’
‘Well, how many cases have you had so far?’
‘A few,’ I said reluctantly. ‘One that involved travelling overseas, and the rest within easy reach. But I think there’s another one in the offing.’
‘A few cases – in how many months?’
‘Four months. But the overseas one was a big case. It started with a family who had come over from Germany just before the war to get away from the Nazis and had to leave a painting behind. We got a lead on it and went over to the Continent to track the provenance. While we were there we found a relative they thought had been lost in the war. It took a long time to unravel.’
‘So when you told us not to try and contact you last autumn because you were tied up with a case, you were gallivanting all round Europe? With Flora?’
‘Flora came too, yes. She has a lot of valuable experience.’
I didn’t tell Clemmie that the experience included the theft of paintings. There were some things I thought my sister probably wouldn’t understand. I was beginning to wish I hadn’t mentioned Flora to my family. On the other hand, Flora was – or had been – an important part of my life. I wanted to share that with them. 
Damn it, I hoped she still was an important part of my life. But I would have to get away from here and back to London to make sure of that.
Chapter 4 Passing the Telephone Box – Flora
 ‘Fleur’, murmured a voice in my ear. ‘Fleur’.
I started to struggle, but I was fighting against something so insubstantial that I couldn’t get hold of it. I felt as if I were battling fog, or clouds, or thin air – or the thin pillow on my narrow bed. I woke up gasping for breath.
Only one or two people in the world had ever called me Fleur.
I knew it was all because of Wassermann’s reappearance. Thinking of him had transported me back in time to the war years, and back to the place where we had met. I hadn’t had the nightmares for a year or two, and I had believed them to be gone for ever. It was frightening to know they still lurked close enough to the surface to break through and scare me.
As I cooked my breakfast in Mrs Brampton’s kitchen – she had asked me to call her Marjorie, but that still didn’t seem quite right – I allowed myself to wonder for a few moments about whether it was because the past wouldn’t let go of me that I had trouble getting really close to Oliver. Of course, the question was academic now. Even if I had been willing to ask him to be friends again like a five-year-old who had fought with someone at school but was afraid of being left out in the cold, there was Wassermann, and there were the warnings of the two men who had come to see me. I wanted to disregard them, but I couldn’t.
I sighed. If I couldn’t go crawling back to Oliver in the hope we were still going to be able to work together, then there was another problem that would become pressing before long. I needed a job. 
Since the end of the war I had worked on and off as a typist, and hated it. At intervals I searched for the Rembrandt, and because of that I sometimes found out about other lost art works just through keeping my eyes and ears open. I didn’t really have much of an idea about what else to do with my life. Having a proper career, although it was what my parents had wanted for me, seemed like such a boring grind compared to my war work. I thought everything had changed when I met Oliver the previous summer: the work we did together for that short time was fun, it seemed worthwhile and no two days were the same. It was a comedown to have to look for a job again now after imagining I had escaped from the humdrum reality of everyday life. But I knew I was quite good at office work in spite of my dislike of it, and there was always plenty of it available in London. A depressing thought, but I didn’t want to have to sleep on the streets or indeed return to Scotland to live with my parents, although I could imagine only too well what sort of life that would be. My mother would doubtless round up every unattached farmer for miles around and line them up as potential husbands, and then I would be trapped there for ever, resenting it with every fibre of my being.
I blinked, and the picture disappeared. My thoughts had taken me too far ahead. I was still in London for the moment, and the parade of rural Lotharios was a long way off. It was up to me to make sure it never actually took place.
I sat at the little kitchen table and ate my breakfast, resolutely staring at Marjorie Brampton’s Mabel Lucie Attwell print and trying not to think about anything at all.
Later, I decided to go out. There was no point in hiding in my room to avoid Wassermann. Better in any case to risk a confrontation and get it over with. What could happen to me in London in broad daylight, anyway? I deliberately ignored the fact that clouds were closing in and the daylight was turning prematurely to twilight. As I crossed the hall and opened the front door, Mrs Brampton materialised from the parlour. I had heard the wireless playing in there, and I must confess to tiptoeing across the hall in the hope that she wouldn’t hear me.
‘Flora, dear!’ she said. ‘Going out on your own?’ She peered through the open door at the street beyond. ‘It looks like rain. Do you have an umbrella?’
‘I’m only popping out to buy a paper. I want to look at the situations vacant, you know. I’ve decided to find a new job.’
‘A new job? But what about that nice Mr Quest?’
She had met Oliver a couple of times: on one occasion when he had brought me home from the pictures and then once when she had persuaded me to go to a concert with her and we had bumped into him in the foyer. Oliver had been polite and nondescript – he was good at both of these – and she had been charmed by him.
‘I don’t think we’ll be working together for very much longer,’ I said. I didn’t want to go into all the details. Mrs Brampton might well feel the same as Oliver did about the theft of the Coronation Stone. I had seen nothing but condemnation in the papers here, although I guessed it might be reported more sympathetically in the Scottish press.
‘But aren’t you two - ?’ She stared at me for a long moment in silence and then seemed to repent of her nosiness. ‘Oh dear, I can’t apologise enough. It’s none of my business.’
‘I don’t really know where we stand at the moment,’ I replied truthfully. ‘But I do need to work for a living, so I’ll just have to buckle down and do that, whether Oliver and I are still friends or not.’
‘Of course,’ she murmured, and glanced out at the street again. ‘But I wouldn’t stay out too long if I were you.’
I realised as I stepped outside that it was New Year’s Day. New year, new start. This idea didn’t make me feel any better: quite the contrary, since it took my mind back to Scotland, where even now my parents and my brother would be recovering from hangovers after the estate Hogmanay party and all the first-footing. 
The weather was very overcast indeed, with ominous purple-grey clouds directly above me. I almost turned back to fetch a woollen scarf and gloves, but I had the feeling that I might not be able to summon up the will-power to come out again, and I desperately needed to walk and clear my head.
I passed a telephone box at the end of the road. For a moment I had the feeling I should phone Oliver to end this ridiculous silence between us, but I suppressed it and walked on a little bit faster than before. Even after pausing to buy a newspaper I found this pace carried me to the Edgware Road in a few minutes. I had another unexpected idea: if I could cover the ground as quickly as this, I could walk as far as Oliver’s flat just off Baker Street in a short time, ring his bell and apologise in person. I had only been there a few times, mostly for work, when we would use the office to discuss cases, spreading out any relevant paperwork on the big old desk. I remembered one day in the autumn when he had asked me round for lunch before we went to a matinee together. I had always been a bit unsure of myself in his flat. Everything was so tidy and there was such a lot of leather upholstery and a neatly folded copy of ‘The Times’ on the hall table. I wondered what his reaction would be if I appeared at his door. Perhaps if I could bring myself to be humble enough…
I pulled myself up short. I had nothing to apologise for. He was the one who had provoked an argument with his thoughtless comments. 
I turned and walked down towards Marble Arch instead of crossing the road and heading eastwards. I would walk in Hyde Park and forget all about Oliver Quest.
I had only caught a glimpse of the park when the threatened snow-storm began. There were huge flakes right from the start, whirling around me, blotting out the trees in the park, and then the traffic on Bayswater Road and the buildings quite close by. It was time to retreat. I dived down a side street where it was a little more sheltered and made my way homewards as fast as I could.
On the way I passed another telephone box – and another. I speeded up my steps, even although the icy wind took my breath away and scraped at my face with its rough-edged fingers. At the third telephone box I paused, wrenched the heavy door open and stood inside trying to get my breath back while I dug around in my pocket to see if I had enough coins to make the call. The caked snow fell in clumps off my hair and fell on the little shelf before melting and sliding on to the floor of the box. It was some sort of sanctuary as well as a possible lifeline to Oliver. In this new white world I suddenly felt as if I must be more visible to Wassermann, although I thought perhaps a tethered goat would in reality be less visible in a snowy landscape, at least if it were pale in colour.
Coins in hand, I lifted the receiver and dialled the number.
The phone rang and rang in Oliver’s flat. No-one at home. I slammed the receiver down again and went on my way. I was no longer sure if the dampness on my face was caused by lingering snowflakes. But I knew I couldn’t be crying again already.
 
Chapter 5 A Picture in Hampstead - Oliver
Snow still lay on Parliament Hill. I was dazzled by the winter sun, low in the sky but nonetheless welcome after the rain and blizzards we had been experiencing intermittently all winter, reflecting back off the whiteness as I trudged up the road looking for the right house. It was a bit of a wild-goose-chase anyway. I didn’t see the point of it but Stan thought it might be good for my career. If the man already had his own security guard he didn’t need any advice from me about how to keep his property safe. He had agreed to the meeting but that may have been because he wanted to keep on the right side of the police and not because of anything useful I could do for him.
On the other hand, it was something to do while I was at a loose end, and it might stop thoughts of Flora from occupying me for a while. She still hadn’t been in touch with me since our quarrel two weeks earlier. I conveniently pushed aside the fact that I had dashed off to Norfolk without a word to her. Surely she could have unbent enough to make the first move.
Of course, I mused as I slowed my steps to look at the house number on the next building in the street, I knew she was stubborn. And with that went a sort of self-containment and an obsessive secrecy. It might be that she had been so thoroughly indoctrinated in secrecy during her war service that she considered it dangerous to divulge too much of herself to anyone until she trusted them completely. We were still some way from that point in our relationship, such as it was, and what had happened after Christmas wouldn’t have helped.
The house I wanted was about halfway up the road, screened from view by a straggly yew hedge. No chance of the winter sun getting through that. The front windows were screened by shutters and the front door was solid and heavy. I rang the bell and waited. 
A small nervous woman opened the door. I gave her my name and, because she still seemed reluctant to admit me, my card.
‘I have an appointment to see Mr Grimshaw,’ I added as she hesitated. 
A door opened behind her and a man moved into the hall. He walked with some difficulty, supported by two sticks. He looked as if he had been a powerfully-built man in his prime, but I could see that was all behind him as I looked into a face furrowed by pain.
‘Mr Quest!’ he called, approaching the front door.
‘Oh, Mr Grimshaw, why did you get up?’ the woman reproached him. She was obviously a servant, then, and not one of the family. But then, the man Stan had told me about was in a position to employ as many servants as he wanted. She had a foreign accent, perhaps East European.
‘Let the man in, Katya,’ he said. ‘Don’t keep him standing on the doorstep.’
She stood back and I crossed the threshold.
‘Come into my study, Mr Quest,’ he said. ‘I have a fire in there, so it’s tolerable.’
‘I bring coffee. And bagels,’ said Katya brightly.
‘She bakes her own bagels,’ said Mr Grimshaw as we went into the study. It was a good deal more than tolerable. It was warm and light with a view of rolling lawns and what I guessed were herbaceous borders, all neatly trimmed back. A few clumps of snow lay on the grass but most of it had gone.
‘It’s going to be a wet winter and spring,’ said Mr Grimshaw, easing himself into a leather armchair by the fire. ‘Not good for my arthritis, I’m afraid. But not so bad for the garden.’
He had a very faint Yorkshire accent. My imagination had already furnished a whole family tree for him, including a grandfather who had risen from nothing to own a whole series of wool and cloth mills, before I even spoke.
‘There’s still snow lying on Parliament Hill today,’ I said. It sounded like the kind of sentence secret agents might use to identify themselves to each other. I thought of Flora and wondered if she had ever spoken in code like that.
‘I don’t think you’re here to discuss the weather, Mr Quest,’ he said. ‘Stanley Turner asked me to see you. Is it about the painting?’
Feeling foolish, I said, ‘He’s worried about the security arrangements. He asked me to discuss them with you. It’s all weighing rather heavily on him, I think. I agreed to speak to you because of that. We’re old friends.’
‘And you have a background in the police force yourself, I understand?’
‘Yes. I was in the Metropolitan force for a few years.’
‘And you left?’
He had an amused tone, as if expecting me to admit I had left under a cloud or in doubtful circumstances.
‘I resigned, yes. I wanted to see if I could make a go of a business idea that had struck me.’
‘And do you still expect to make a go of it?’
I was let off the hook, temporarily at least, by Katya, who brought in a tray of coffee and bagels. By the time she had finished fussing around with napkins and occasional tables and place-mats, I had managed to frame my reply.
‘I hope I can. It’s been a struggle getting it off the ground, but I’ve had a bit of good luck.’
I didn’t say anything about Flora. He didn’t need to know any of that.
‘And I gather getting things off the ground is one of your skills,’ he said, smiling.
‘It used to be, yes. I’m a bit rusty now – haven’t flown a plane for years.’
‘What do you make of this Korean business?’
‘I don’t know. It seems too soon for us to be going to war again. But we’ve got to support our allies, of course.’
‘So,’ said Mr Grimshaw, sipping his coffee, ‘in what way is Stanley worried about security? Doesn’t he trust my judgement in providing my own man?’
‘I suppose his concern is more for the overall security of the site,’ I said, although I was sure that using Grimshaw’s man had come into it somewhere. Stan would have undoubtedly preferred everybody working at the South Bank to come under his control. 
‘I’ve only agreed to lend my property on condition that I have full responsibility for it myself,’ said Grimshaw. He peered at me over the top of his spectacles. ‘And in any case, I wouldn’t want your friend to take policemen away from other duties just to watch my painting. Don’t you think that’s reasonable?’
I didn’t give him a straight answer, but said, ‘Does your own man have any security experience?’
He laughed, but without any merriment in his pale blue eyes. ‘Only from the other side of the fence,’ he said.
‘Prison?’
‘Yes, in a way. But I’m confident that he is completely trustworthy. He would give his life to protect me and mine.’
It was an odd thing to say. I didn’t enquire further. But I didn’t think I would convey the piece of information about prison to Stan when I next saw him. 
‘I expect you’re wondering,’ Grimshaw continued, ‘why my painting is so important to the exhibition. Why they want it so much that they’re willing to let me do this.’
‘I hadn’t really thought about it, sir,’ I lied. Of course I was curious. I didn’t know of a painting in private hands that met the criteria. Thanks to Stan, I knew it was destined to hang in the Lion and Unicorn Pavilion, where the qualities of Britishness were to be displayed. So it was likely to be a quintessentially British painting: a Constable, a Turner, a Gainsborough. Probably a landscape, although a seascape might also be on the cards.  I knew where many of the main works by all these painters were kept. Most were in various national collections, I thought.
‘I’ll show you,’ said Grimshaw, heaving himself up off the leather chair and reaching for his sticks. 
‘You keep it in the house?’
‘Safest place for it. And I can sit and stare at it whenever I want to. For hours. All night, if I feel like it.’
I had a sudden mental image of the elderly man sitting on a hard chair like the ones in the National Gallery, sitting alone in a room hour after hour as the light outside died and the darkness swallowed everything up. I wondered if he would sit there staring at the painting for so long that his eyes started to play tricks and he saw nameless horrors in the shadows around him. 
While we had been working together Flora and I had done some work for private collectors, travelling on their behalf to identify stolen paintings which had been recovered by various police forces. The ethics of these art treasures being in private hands in the first place hadn’t bothered me until I started to specialise in this area. But once I started to think about it, I decided I could see what Communism was all about. I wasn’t sure how long I would be able to justify to myself doing this work which only benefitted a small section of society. In one case, however, the effects of what we had done spread like ripples across a pond, and there was no doubt that we had made the lives of several people immeasurably better. It wasn’t entirely intentional, of course, more of a happy coincidence.
I followed Grimshaw upstairs and he paused in front of a nondescript door, fishing keys out of his jacket pocket.
The door may have been nondescript but it had a complicated series of locks. So far I approved of his security arrangements.
‘Do you ever bring it out of here?’ I enquired.
He shook his head. ‘My wife liked it to hang in the dining-room when we had dinner guests, but I always fretted about the cigarette smoke. Now that she’s gone, I don’t entertain, and it’s better to keep it up here.’
He pushed the door open and gestured to me to enter the room first. I took a deep breath. I didn’t know what to expect.
It was a stark, plain room. White walls, wooden floorboards. One upright chair, just as I had imagined. Blinds at the windows. A green velvet curtain hanging halfway up one wall. A couple of tall lamps. A wall light placed strategically.
I walked into the centre of the room, stood behind the chair and waited for him to catch up. I felt like an equerry standing there almost to attention. Grimshaw made his way over to the green velvet curtain and pulled a cord. I held my breath.
It was an unknown Turner. I was sure of it. And I could see exactly why they had to include it in the display at the South Bank. No matter what the cost.
Chapter 6 Voice from the Past - Flora
I had completed an application form for a typist’s job somewhere, and I was about to go along to the pillar-box at the corner and post it and then use the opportunity to go for a good walk – for want of anything better to do – when Marjorie Brampton slid out of the parlour and accosted me again.
 ‘Going out, Flora? Do let me come with you,’ she said. ‘I’ve been cooped up all day with the wireless and the gas fire – I need some fresh air.’
She took her outdoor things down from the coat-stand in the hall and slid into them effortlessly. As she allowed the silky scarf to slither round her neck, I said impulsively,
‘Why don’t we go down to the river and walk across Westminster Bridge? We could see how they’re getting on at the Festival site.’
Her face brightened as if I had suggested a great treat. Certainly I always found walking by the river always cheered me up.
We took the bus and sat on the upper deck. Dusk had arrived very early again, and some street lights were starting to come on. Everything looked mysterious and even pretty, with all the scars and imperfections smoothed out. Marjorie Brampton shivered. 
‘I think there’s snow in the air again.’
Since the snowstorm on New Year’s Day, the weather had been wet almost constantly. I didn’t think she was wrapped up warmly enough, but I didn’t say anything.
It wasn’t time for the evening rush-hour, although of course the city had a long way to go before it slept tonight. People would be meeting after work, going to the pictures, eating out…I sighed wistfully.
‘There, there, dear,’ said Marjorie, patting me on the shoulder. ‘It’ll all work itself out, you’ll see.’
For the next hour or so it didn’t so much work itself out as unravel.
It started almost as soon as we arrived at Westminster. We got off the bus before it went over Westminster Bridge, planning to walk across and enjoy the spectacle of Big Ben and the Houses of Parliament at dusk, and then perhaps lean over and watch the boats going up and down the river, and as we approached the far side we might catch a glimpse of the Festival of Britain site, where there was always something interesting going on.
We were crossing a side road to get to the bridge when a bicycle came round the corner much too fast, and knocked Marjorie flying. She sprawled in an undignified way halfway across the road, and it was only because I caught her arm quickly and pulled her upright that we were able to dodge out of the way of a taxi. We stood on the pavement and I realised she was leaning on me a bit more heavily than was natural.
‘I’ve hurt my knee,’ she said ruefully. She put her hand on it. ‘Ooh! It feels as if it might be swelling up. I’m so sorry, Flora, I’m going to have to go home.’
‘We’d better get a taxi,’ I suggested.
‘I think I can manage the bus. You go on with your walk, dear.’
But when we started to re-cross the side road it became evident that Marjorie definitely couldn’t manage the bus. She swayed so much that I had trouble holding on to her, and every couple of yards she let out a little gasp. I was convinced she was holding back moans of pain. Even then she wanted to go on home alone and let me continue my walk, but I insisted on coming with her.
We got a taxi quite quickly. It was almost as if it had been waiting for us round the corner. Once we were inside, Marjorie flopped back against the leather upholstery and closed her eyes. I hoped she hadn’t fainted. I didn’t want to have to take her to hospital, though I did wonder if she might have hit her head as well as her knee when she fell. But as we approached Paddington again she opened her eyes and smiled at me.
‘It was kind of you to give up your walk.’
‘I didn’t really want to carry on alone anyway. It might not have been safe. You know, a woman walking by herself. And it’s almost dark, after all. It was silly of me – I should have suggested setting out earlier in the afternoon.’
She gave me a look. ‘I’m sure you’re quite capable of looking after yourself, Flora. Nobody would dare to molest you.’
‘Oh dear, Marjorie, you make me sound like some kind of dragon,’ I protested.
We arrived at Marjorie’s door. I helped her to get out of the taxi and up the step to the front door, and left her to open it up while I paid the driver. As I leaned down towards him, fumbling for money in my purse, he said,
‘Bon soir, Fleur.’
I stared at him, aghast. Under the cloth cap and behind the woollen scarf of a typical London cabbie, the icy blue eyes of my former tormentor gazed at me, the faint glint of amusement in their depths more chilling than anything.
‘Wassermann!’
‘C’est moi,’ he said. ‘Only I prefer to be known as Charles Waterman these days.’
His English was very good, as his French had been. He must have been well-schooled by his Gestapo masters.
I hadn’t even begun to imagine what it would be like meeting him after all these years, but all the old anger and fear flooded through me, and I felt my legs tremble under me. I snapped my purse shut.
‘So this is where you live?’ he said. He made even this simple sentence seem like a threat.
‘Yes! And you needn’t bother even thinking you can make something happen to me here, because the secret service know all about you and they’ll have you arrested in no time.’
It was sheer bravado on my part: I knew he could kill me and be out of the country within hours, evading capture as he always had done.
‘Is everything all right, Flora?’ Marjorie called from the doorstep. She had opened the door but was hesitating about going in. ‘Do you need more money? The fares are so extortionate these days.’
‘No, it’s all right. Can you get yourself inside? I won’t be long. I’m looking for change. He doesn’t have any.’
She hesitated another moment, then went in and closed the door.
‘I don’t want anything to happen to you,’ he said. ‘I want the Rembrandt.’
It was all exactly as they had told me.
He suddenly grabbed the front of my coat, bunching up the lapels in his slender fingers, and pulled me down towards him. I saw the glint of a knife in his other hand, and recoiled back, but his grip remained firm enough to hold me against the cab door.
‘Where is it?’ he hissed.
I kept my head enough not to tell him what I had done with it. Instead I forced a smile to my lips and said, ‘Wouldn’t you like to know?’
‘Don’t make me angry. You know I’m not a very nice person when I lose my temper.’
I knew he wasn’t very nice any of the time. The only advantage to making him angry was that it might blur his concentration. I needed to find a telephone box and call the men who had warned me about him, as soon as I could. Then they would come and lock him up, and I wouldn’t have to worry about him any more.
I lowered my voice.
‘I can’t tell you now – Marjorie’s waiting for me, and it’s too complicated. If you meet me tomorrow I can explain it all.’
‘But I want you to explain it now,’ he said.
There were footsteps behind me.
‘Miss Murray, is this man bothering you?’ said a deep male voice. I froze. It was Oliver Quest. What was he doing here in my street? And how did he happen to be passing at exactly the right time? I recalled the warning I had been given about telling him anything. I wished fervently that Oliver hadn’t used my name: Wassermann would now realise I knew him, and that might put him in danger too.
There was a pause that seemed endless, with me pressed against the cab door watching the knife, and Oliver standing somewhere in the background watching me. Then Wassermann gave me a shove that sent me hurtling backwards, and the taxi suddenly moved away from the kerb and off down the road at some speed.
I found I had cannoned into Oliver, who was holding me by the shoulders. He slowly turned me round towards him until we were facing each other.
‘What was all that about, Flora?’
I opened my mouth to fob him off with some hasty invention, found myself on the brink of tears again, and blinked them back, staring at him silently.

Chapter 7 Truce - Oliver
Somehow after seeing Grimshaw and the Turner, and wanting to share all my news with Flora, I became more determined not to let her disappear from sight in the amorphous mass of Londoners. At the very least I needed to know she was all right, even if she still wasn’t speaking to me and even if our partnership was over.
And of course, I found she wasn’t all right.
I saw that something was wrong as soon as I turned down the street. She was leaning against the taxi cab at an unnatural angle, her head slanted down towards the driver. Resistance was written in every line of her body. I approached with caution – I didn’t want to startle either of them into doing anything stupid – trying to keep my footsteps as quiet as possible until I was almost right behind her.
She landed in my arms and the cab drove off. I had an immense surge of relief. I clung to her shoulders as if she had rescued me, and not, as I suspected, the other way round.
As she looked up at me, blinking back the tears, I was torn between comforting her and embarking on a heroic act that would have ended up with me punching the cab driver on the nose. Since the second course of action was not only impossible, in his absence, but liable to get me arrested, I concentrated on the first.
‘Come along, shall we go inside?’
She nodded. I walked her up to the front door. It opened instantly to reveal a woman dressed in flowing silk or soft wool in reptilian greens and light browns. She undulated forward like a snake, but one with an asymmetric slithering action.
‘It’s all right, Marjorie,’ said Flora with a soft hiccup. ‘This is Oliver Quest. Do you remember, we bumped into him at the concert?’
‘Ah,’ said the woman. She put out a hand. ‘Marjorie Brampton. I’m so pleased to meet you again.’
I didn’t want to let go of Flora, but she slipped out from under my hands, leaving me free to greet Mrs Brampton.
We scarcely had time to exchange a few conventional words before Flora began to fuss over the woman, insisting she sit down, offering cups of tea and so on. 
‘Marjorie hurt her knee,’ she explained in answer to my enquiring glance. ‘That’s why we came home in the taxi.’
‘You’ve both been in the wars,’ I said. ‘I should make the tea.’
But once she had Marjorie settled on an elderly chaise longue in the front parlour with her feet up, Flora bustled off to make the tea herself, leaving me to make conversation. It was annoying, because what I really wanted to do was to talk to Flora and find out what was going on. Marjorie took the lead in our conversation.
‘It must be so exciting being an art detective, Mr Quest. Flora seems to enjoy all the foreign travel.’
‘There’s quite a bit of boring routine too,’ I said. ‘And I’m not really a detective. More like a researcher.’
She made a face. ‘But that doesn’t sound as if it would be nearly so much fun… I don’t want to pry, but Flora says she’s going to look for an office job. Does that mean you won’t be working together any more?’
I felt as if she had got off the chaise and thumped me in the chest. Despite our quarrel, until that moment I had thought of our parting of the ways as a temporary state of affairs. When I had got my breath back I said, ‘I expect we will one day. What sort of office job?’
‘Whatever sort I can get,’ said Flora, bringing in the tea-tray. ‘I’ve already sent in one application, and I meant to get a newspaper again today to look up the situations vacant, but what with all this, there wasn’t time.’
‘I believe the Civil Service may need typists,’ I said. She glared at me. I had forgotten how stern she could look.
‘So, are you researching anything interesting at the moment?’ said Marjorie. Flora handed her a cup of tea.
‘Milk and two sugars for you, Marjorie. And is it just milk for you, Oliver?’
‘Yes, thank you.’
‘A biscuit?’ said Flora gravely, handing round the plate. I took a Rich Tea: I might as well eat a biscuit if she was going to restrict the conversation to surface politeness.
We sipped our tea and nibbled our biscuits in a genteel fashion, and by the time I had finished  my Rich Tea I wanted to scream. Marjorie glanced from one of us to the other and back.
‘You’d better take Mr Quest away, Flora. I can see you have things to say to each other.’
‘I don’t think so,’ said Flora.
I looked at Marjorie.
‘If it wasn’t for this knee, I would leave you in peace in here to talk,’ she said. ‘Go and sit in the kitchen until you get it all sorted out.’
We faced each other across the kitchen table. There were dark rings under Flora’s eyes, and her red hair had escaped from the line of curls she probably forced it into at night with curl-papers or some other female equipment, and gone wild: one strand fell over her eyes and another stood up on end behind one ear. She was still the most beautiful woman I had ever seen.
‘I could make some more tea,’ she said. ‘Do you want any more biscuits? We’ve got plenty of Rich Teas.’
‘No, thank you… Look, Flora, I’m sorry I was so insensitive about the blasted Stone of Destiny. I should have realised it’s a sort of national treasure of the Scots. Of course it’s very symbolic of – of the fight for independence and – well, everything. But we can’t let it come between us.’
She folded her arms in front of her, and for a moment I was afraid she would treat me to a tirade about Scottish nationalism, or an announcement that she was going north to join some sort of freedom fighting movement. I didn’t really have a clue how prevalent these feelings were in Scotland, whether the theft of the Stone had just been a student prank or an expression of deep political discontent with the current setup. I had never had to consider the matter before.
I waited. She uncrossed her arms.
She sighed and looked down at her hands.
‘No, I’m the one who needs to apologise, Oliver. I shouldn’t have made such a fuss about it. I was worried, mostly, but I shouldn’t have taken it out on you.’
‘What were you worried about? Why couldn’t you tell me about it?’
She pulled a chair out and sat down at the table. I did the same. Facing her like this reminded me again of that first day we met. I didn’t think I would ever forget that day: for better or worse it had turned my world upside-down.
‘It’s Sandy. My brother. I’m afraid he may have got mixed up in this somehow. He’s so headstrong. And stubborn.’
It runs in the family, I reflected, but it didn’t seem like the right moment to say it aloud.
‘Do you have any reason to believe he might be involved?’ I asked in my best policeman tones.
‘Oliver, you sounded just like Inspector Quest of the Yard again then!’ I saw a flash of the humorous, light-hearted girl who sometimes escaped into the open.
‘Well, do you?’
She shrugged her shoulders. ‘Not really. He does seem to have some odd friends – but I don’t hear from him very often, so I don’t know much about them. Only…’
She broke off then, as if she had been going to tell me something and then changed her mind.
‘Only?’ I prompted.
‘Nothing. I was just thinking I haven’t heard from my mother for a while either. Except at Christmas, of course.’ She frowned. ‘I wish now I’d gone home for Christmas. I might have a better idea of how things are.’
I was fairly certain all the Christmas stuff was just a false trail she was laying to take my mind off that unfinished sentence. But at least she was speaking to me now, so I didn’t press it.
‘Are you working on a case now, Oliver?’ she said. ‘Is that why you weren’t at home when I telephoned?’
‘I had to go back to Norfolk. My father was ill.’ I mumbled a reply to her solicitous enquiries about his health, and continued to answer her original question. ‘I’ve got something on. I’m not sure if it’s a case or not. Well, I suppose it is, although I have no idea whether I’ll get paid anything for doing it.’
I told her about Grimshaw, in the hope that if I shared this information with her she would open up a bit with me about all these worries that suddenly seemed to be such a terrible burden to her.
‘If you don’t need me for a bit, then maybe I will take a job as a typist,’ she said tentatively. ‘I’d love to work at the Festival of Britain office, but I suppose all the jobs there were taken long ago.’
‘You never know,’ I said. ‘Perhaps someone will drop out.’
‘It sounds as if it’s the most interesting thing going on at the moment,’ she said. ‘And wouldn’t it be funny if we were both working on the Festival – from different directions?’
She seemed to have cheered up. I agreed with her that it would be funny, although I thought privately that there would be very little chance of us coming in contact with each other in the process. It would be quite different from the intimacy of our trip round Europe, when we saw each other almost all day, every day for a while. But perhaps we needed a change from the intensity of it all. Light relief. All work and no play, and so on. Or was it the other way round?
‘And after all, it can’t be so dangerous if we only see each other once in a while,’ she said. It wasn’t until she reached the end of the sentence that she seemed to realise what she had said. She even put a hand over her mouth to push the words back in, only it was too late.
‘Flora Murray, what aren’t you telling me?’ I said with mock severity. I didn’t like the word ‘dangerous’: it was like an unexploded bomb, or a loaded gun in the wrong hands, or a plant with pods so poisonous that if they burst the whole population of England would die.
She looked at me, her eyes frightened above the hand that still covered her mouth.
‘Dangerous for whom?’ I asked.
She took her hand away. ‘For you,’ she said in a small voice.
‘Does this have anything to do with that mad cabbie this evening?’
‘That was just a problem with the fare,’ she said. I knew her well enough to guess when she was lying outright, so I ignored this and continued with what I wanted to say.
‘I know this is a leap in the dark, but are you in danger from the mad cabbie yourself? Do you think being seen with you puts me in danger too?’
‘I know it does,’ she murmured. ‘But I can’t tell you any more, Oliver. I’d tell you if I could, please believe me.’
She was crestfallen again.
‘Flora. You can trust me.’
She shook her head.
‘I can look after myself, if that’s what’s worrying you,’ I added. ‘And it’s better for me to know I might be in danger. Then I can watch my back. And yours too, if need be.’
‘Don’t ask me anything more about it,’ she said suddenly. She got up from the chair, came round to my side of the table, leaned down and kissed me.
It wasn’t going to be a goodbye kiss, if I had anything to do with it.
I remembered I had brought her present with me. I took it out of my pocket and put it on the table.
‘Is this for me?’
‘It’s only a little thing,’ I said. ‘You don’t have to open it now.’
‘How funny! I’ve got something for you too. Wait there.’
She ran out of the room, but she was back within minutes. She handed me a small flat package. ‘Let’s open them at the same time so we don’t have to watch each other,’ she said eagerly. ‘In case we don’t like what’s inside but we’re too polite to say anything.’
I laughed. I had no idea giving and receiving presents was so complicated.
She had given me a small box of cigars, and I had chosen for her some scented French soap, only just back in the shops after rationing.
‘I bartered with Mr Bernard for the cigars,’ she said.
‘What on earth with?’
‘Chocolate biscuits. He loves them and he can’t get enough of them since they came off ration. He has a whole cupboard full of cigars. A friend sends him them from overseas.’ She sniffed at the soap, holding a cake of it in her long elegant fingers. ‘It’s lovely. Thank you, Oliver… I do wish we hadn’t quarrelled. I’ve missed you.’
‘I wish nobody was in danger,’ I said.
Chapter 8 The way to Savoy Court - Flora
The very next day after my encounter with Wassermann and the cessation of hostilities with Oliver, which we celebrated by going out to dinner, I saw the advertisement in the London Gazette for positions as typists in the Civil Service.
It was meant to be. I would use this opportunity to try my best to get into the Festival of Britain office, which I understood to be part of some government department or other. I might even ask the man who had visited me for a testimonial. I had a feeling that a recommendation from him might be worth its weight in gold.
I felt happier now that I had spoken to Oliver. We had only been apart for a couple of weeks, but the time had dragged because I missed him so much. I did wonder, though, if perhaps I had exaggerated my anger with him over his comments because I had started to feel trapped in our relationship or trapped in our work together, and I wanted an excuse to get away. In that case it was just as well we had temporarily stopped being business partners, and would be meeting only socially. It would be a good test.
I had told him just as much as I thought he needed to know about Wassermann and the danger. He was right that it would be easier for him to watch his back if he knew something of the situation. But I didn’t go into too much detail. So, I reasoned, I was more or less keeping to the spirit of what I’d been told to do, even if not quite to the letter.
I telephoned the men who had visited me and told them about my encounter with Wassermann and the fact that he was masquerading as a taxi driver, but of course I knew by then it was too late for them to do anything immediately. They just said they would be in touch, and repeated their warning about not speaking to Oliver. I didn’t confess I already had. When I mentioned working as a typist, there were encouraging noises and something to do with ‘putting in a good word’. I didn’t know if I could believe this or not.
The person I was really worried about was Marjorie. Wassermann knew where she lived, she had seen him although without knowing the significance of this, and she spent a lot of time in the house on her own, listening to her favourite wireless programmes and knitting socks. I didn’t want to tell her anything but while I was out telephoning and buying a paper I looked for a hardware shop and bought new locks and bolts for the front and back doors. Locks wouldn’t necessarily keep Wassermann out, but they might delay him long enough for Marjorie to call for help. She looked at me askance when I showed her the locks and told her I would pay for them to be fitted.
‘You’re not feeling nervous after what happened with the cabbie, are you, Flora? I thought you said it was a disagreement over the fare.’
‘Oh, go on, Marjorie, you’ve needed a better lock on the front door for ages.’
‘But the back door too? And all these bolts and chains! People will think we’ve got something valuable in here.’
I couldn’t tell her I wanted to do it because I felt guilty about putting her in danger, so I pretended to be nervous about my own safety. I don’t think she entirely believed me, though.
The man who had visited me must indeed have put in a good word, because I had a letter about the typing position only the next day, by the lunchtime post. I was to report to an address in Whitehall for a typing test, but if I were successful in my application I could be posted to any government department. I chanted to myself in a child-like way, over and over, ‘Please let it be the Festival Office’ until Marjorie asked me what I was muttering about.
I wasn’t posted to the Festival Office, but to a very quiet, sedate place in a secluded corner of the office complexes in Whitehall. My desk was dusty, the floor was dusty, the papers in the filing cabinets were dusty, and so was the assistant to the assistant under secretary for whatever it was, who was in charge of our office. Nothing I typed seemed to have any relation to important government business, anyway.
I complained bitterly about my situation to Oliver when I next saw him at the end of the week.
‘I don’t think I can do this for very long. It’s so boring! And everything’s so dusty, you wouldn’t believe it. I don’t know if there are cleaners who are supposed to come in after we’ve all gone for the night, but if so, they haven’t come anywhere near my office yet.’
To give him his due, he listened to it all and didn’t remind me I had walked out on him, so to speak, and chosen to take this mundane typing job when I could have been dashing around Europe with him. Although it didn’t seem that he was dashing anywhere at the moment. His time was taken up with Grimshaw.
One wild, wet day in February I was suddenly summoned to see the man I had spoken to before, whose name was Sir Bentley Sedgwick. He temporarily took over my boss’s office for this purpose. I panicked at once that something had happened to Marjorie, then that something had happened to Oliver, then that I was about to get into trouble for telling Oliver about Wassermann.
It was none of these things.
‘We think it might be useful to move you to another department, Flora,’ he said without preamble.
‘Useful?’ I said. 
‘We have certain suspicions, and with your previous experience we think you could be just the right person to investigate the situation.’
Suspicions? Investigate? Something told me he wasn’t talking about a transfer to the Department of Agriculture and Fisheries.
‘I’ve told you and your spymasters already, I don’t want to be a secret agent,’ I said.
‘Such a shame,’ he said with a comical look of sadness. ‘You were so good. Such a natural.’
I didn’t want him cooing over me. I wanted to know what he wanted.
‘It’s the Festival,’ he said. ‘We think undesirable elements are trying to infiltrate it.’
‘The Festival?’ For a moment I couldn’t think what he was talking about.
‘The Festival of Britain. The South Bank. We need to be sure of our security, with the royal opening and so on.’
I tried to present a calm façade, although all sorts of unruly thoughts were whirling through my mind.
‘You wouldn’t be on site, of course,’ he continued. ‘Or at least, not unless something went wrong. But even then, we wouldn’t use you in the front line. You’ve done your bit as far as that’s concerned. No, it would be strictly behind the scenes. You’d be in no danger. We would only need you to keep your eyes open and report back on anything at all suspicious. You know what I mean by that – anything out of place.’
I was slightly suspicious that his mention of danger meant that I would indeed be placed in danger at some point, but on the other hand I knew life itself was risky, and sometimes you had to go out and confront that risk instead of hiding from it.
I must have unnerved him with my silence, for he paused and said, showing more uncertainty than usual, ‘I’d like you to consider it, at least, before turning it down.’
I toyed with him. ‘But it must be only a temporary post, surely? I’m not sure that’s enough for me. I do need to eat, and pay my rent, you know.’
‘You’d be transferred back to the general Home Civil Service after your duties at the Festival Office finished,’ he said. ‘If you wanted that, of course.’
‘All right, I’ll consider it,’ I said, still teasing him.
He sighed, showing that he had seen through my careless act, and knew I really wanted this job. ‘I need to know immediately.’
What about the money?’
‘What about it?’
‘I think if there’s the remotest chance of being in danger, I should be paid extra.’
‘Flora Murray, you drive a hard bargain.’
We haggled for a little while over terms and then he looked as if he were about to dismiss me.
‘Is there – any more news of Sandy?’ I said anxiously, remembering this man held the power of life and, if not death, then certainly imprisonment over my feckless brother.
He shook his head. ‘Nothing. He was seen in a place where nationalists sometimes gather, but nothing more. Try not to worry.’
‘And Wassermann?’
‘Nothing since your sighting. He may have gone to ground. The worry is that he’s planning something with accomplices, possibly local gang leaders, and they’re doing the field work. We’re keeping our eyes open, though, don’t worry.’
It wasn’t really enough. He knew that and I knew that. But for the moment I was satisfied just to have found a way to Savoy Court, where the Festival of Britain offices were. I had got what I wanted – but at what cost? On my way out of the office, once it was too late to change my mind, it suddenly struck me that he had got what he wanted too.
Chapter 9 Grimshaw’s man - Oliver
It wasn’t until my third visit to Mr Grimshaw at his house near Parliament Hill that I was introduced to the man he was prepared to entrust with the security of his wonderful Turner painting. I had expected to meet him the second time, but Grimshaw insisted on talking through the arrangements with me on my own first.
‘He’s very brave, and loyal, but not much of a strategist,’ he said. ‘That’s why I’ve called you in, Mr Quest.’
I wasn’t sure what was strategic about moving a painting and re-hanging it elsewhere, but Grimshaw wanted to get every detail right. ‘It’s the only way,’ he said. ‘We need to plan for all eventualities.’
I didn’t want to tell him that in my experience it was always impossible to do that, so I said, ‘You’re certainly right about planning the details, Mr Grimshaw. Do you know exactly where the work will be hanging in the pavilion?’
‘There’s a section called Craft on the lower floor of the Lion and Unicorn Pavilion. The painting will be placed there on the wall between a Constable from the National Gallery and a Gainsborough from the Tate collection, I believe.’
‘Do you have a ground plan? I’d like to see where the exits are.’
We had spent the rest of that second visit working out what the plan meant, how many entrances and exits there were, and whether any of the windows opened.
On my third visit I hoped to bring the conversation round to the situation with regard to Festival staff, and how Grimshaw’s man could most usefully work with them, because I knew there was no point in them being at odds with each other. The other attendants might well resent this odd man out, so part of our advance planning must be to establish where his duties began and ended.
Grimshaw had preempted me, I saw as soon as I entered his lair, which was how I had come to think of the study he had taken me to on my first visit. Another man stood at his elbow. At first I didn’t think this could possibly be the one he had chosen to look after his treasured painting. Slightly built, with thinning hair and such a pale face that his skin almost looked translucent, he was far from anyone’s picture of a security guard. But perhaps there was hidden strength in these skinny arms and the low cunning of a fighter inside the fine lines of the skull. I had learned long ago not to judge anybody by appearances.
‘This is Marek Kandinsky,’ said Grimshaw. ‘Marek, Oliver Quest. I’ve engaged his services as an advisor. To keep us right about protocol and so on. And to provide a bit of backup if necessary. He’s an old RAF man.’
Marek’s face broke into a grin and he held out his hand to shake mine. It seemed to me that Grimshaw had just apologised to him for bringing in an outsider, as if this move might have made Marek think he was no longer trusted. But the mention of the RAF had somehow set his mind at rest. It was odd, but more or less understandable. I wondered what his war had been like. Something told me it had been difficult.
‘Not so much of the old, thanks!’ I said, smiling. ‘I’ve got a bit of life in me yet.’
‘Haven’t we all?’ said Grimshaw. I wasn’t sure if that was strictly true in his case.
Katya brought us coffee and cake. I wondered where she had learned to bake. She could have worked at it professionally in a shop. Was she satisfied with catering for one old man?
I smiled to myself as I imagined what my father might have said if he had somehow sensed this random thought of mine. He still mourned the loss of a full staff of live-in servants, although he had not had the benefit of anything like that since the 1920s. I hadn’t even dared to tell him and my mother about Flora’s colourful past: they had already asked me, though not in so many words, why we hadn’t yet settled into the kind of sedate married life they had themselves, with my mother only venturing out of the house to do flowers at the local church, or to chair the Women’s Institute. I didn’t think the WI was ready for Flora yet – or vice versa.
Once we had finished with the coffee and cake, and pushed aside our cups and plates, we discussed the logistics of moving the painting into place in the Lion and Unicorn Pavilion.
‘How are you planning to wrap it?’ I enquired. ‘Do you have a crate?’
‘I thought we could wrap it in blankets and newspaper,’ he said. ‘Wouldn’t that be all right? I don’t want to draw attention to it when we’re moving it about.’
‘I suppose so,’ I said, and hoped it wouldn’t rain while we were carrying the picture into the pavilion.
Grimshaw got out a site plan for the South Bank. It was an official one, with the Festival of Britain office stamp on it. I wondered if it had passed through Flora’s hands. Perhaps she had wrapped it and posted it to him – or perhaps hand-delivered it. She hadn’t mentioned it to me in that case. I opened my mouth to ask, and then realised I should be concentrating on the task in hand. I told myself sternly not to think about Flora during the working day. Somehow even when I wasn’t actually working with her, she tended to creep into my thoughts every so often. It was unprofessional of me and I had to try and suppress it.
‘Do you have a date for the move?’ I asked, peering at the plan with the two other men.
‘It’s in late April. The 27th, I think. If they’ve finished building the pavilion by then.’ He roared with laughter. I wasn’t quite so amused.
‘We need to hire transport,’ I pointed out. ‘We don’t want to leave it until the last minute. We might not be able to find anything suitable.’
‘Oh, it’s a long time off yet, and we can always share with the National Gallery,’ said Grimshaw airily. ‘I know some of the trustees there. They’d do me a favour.’
‘Ideally Marek or I, or both of us, should travel with the painting,’ I said. Marek nodded eagerly. ‘Then we can make sure they hang it properly and one of us can take up position guarding it.’
‘Not until the public comes in, surely!’ Grimshaw objected.
‘I don’t know,’ I said. ‘Before the opening could be the riskiest time of all, if builders and joiners and decorators are still going in and out. I’ll bet the National Gallery won’t send their Constable until just before the place opens.’
‘Hmm,’ said Grimshaw, sounding disappointed. It seemed that he wanted to have the limelight all to himself and not share it with others. Although I thought his Turner so dazzling that it would out-shine everything when the time came.
‘I guard your painting night and day, Mr Grimshaw,’ said Marek eagerly.
‘I think the whole site will be locked up at night,’ I said. ‘With a night-watchman or two.’
‘Can we leave it to you to establish these details?’ said Grimshaw to me. I supposed that was part of my role, so I nodded. Liaison with Stan at the Yard again should sort that one out. I had a small pang of regret that I couldn’t be involved in the overall security of the site instead of just dealing with this one private individual, no matter how wonderful his painting was. But there had been all sorts of reasons for leaving the police. Meeting Flora in the way I had met her was just the catalyst for my decision.
Katya came in to collect the coffee cups. I noticed that Marek held the door open for her, and gave her a little pat on the shoulder as she went out. He left the room soon afterwards, more or less dismissed by Grimshaw, but in a kindly way.
‘I expect you’re wondering why I haven’t employed some big burly gorilla to guard my painting?’ said Grimshaw just after that.
‘Marek is probably stronger than he looks,’ I suggested.
‘Not really,’ said Grimshaw. He paused, took a pipe out of his pocket and started to fill it from a tobacco pouch on the desk. I hadn’t seen him smoke before. He evidently felt he had some weighty tale to tell me. I settled back in my chair.
‘He’s very loyal,’ he continued. ‘You can’t buy that.’
‘No.’
‘I brought Katya over first. A friend of mine smuggled her out of Warsaw in the middle of the war and put her on a boat to Sweden. My mother had been in love with her father in Poland before the 1914 war: it was the right thing to do.’
I wondered if he was using the term ‘in love with’ euphemistically, and if so, did he suspect he might be Katya’s half-brother? I supposed stranger things happened.
I waited, not knowing what to say. He was deep in the process of trying to light his pipe.
Once he was satisfied with this, he resumed his explanation.
‘She fretted all through the rest of the war about Marek. Her husband,’ he added belatedly, as if suddenly realising he hadn’t filled in that basic piece of information. ‘She didn’t know what had become of him. He had been with the Polish resistance for a while but after that she didn’t hear any more of him. Eventually, just after the war, I went over there to try and locate him.’
I pictured Grimshaw picking his way through the rubble that was all that remained of large areas of Continental Europe. It would have been difficult for him with his disability. He must be very fond of Katya.
‘I found him at last in a refugee camp near Braunschweig, more by luck than judgement. He didn’t tell me all he had been through but it was etched on his face. I don’t think Katya knows the whole story, either. But it may well be better that way. If he told anyone about it, he would have to re-live it.’
My mind flew back to Flora. She had only let me know the bare facts of what had happened to her in occupied France. She hadn’t described what it was like to live under surveillance all the time, afraid to make even a small mistake in case it was the one piece of information required by the enemy to unmask you or, worse, to lead them to the others you felt responsible for. I had to use my imagination for that. But then, I hadn’t told her about the time Stan and I had to ditch on the Kent marshes and wriggle out of the plane before it sank in the mud.
‘And that’s why his loyalty is unequalled,’ concluded Grimshaw.
‘But,’ I said, rather tentatively because I didn’t like to question his judgement, ‘does he have the strength to tackle a thief? Or thieves?’
‘I believe he carries a knife with him at all times,’ said Grimshaw. He held up his hand as I opened my mouth. ‘I expect that as a former police officer you don’t entirely approve of that. But just bear in mind what he has been through in his life. And ask yourself whether you would ever trust to luck again when dealing with others.’
It was a grandiose statement and one I didn’t agree with. I wondered how ready Marek would be to use the knife in anger. And whether he might rush to use it in a situation that didn’t justify violence.
But these weren’t necessarily my problems.
Chapter 10 A Shock in Paddington  - Flora
I would have been perfectly happy working at the Festival of Britain Office, if it hadn’t been for the small matter of feeling guilty about spying on my fellow-workers. They were an interesting bunch, and mostly a pleasure to work with, except sometimes when the pressure was on to cut down budgets or when another deadline approached.
Another fly in the ointment was that I didn’t know exactly what the man I had spoken to meant by ‘undesirable elements’. What were the intelligence services most worried about these days? Did they think Communists were threatening to take over and use the Festival for their own propaganda purposes? Of course, some politicians would have us believe the whole Festival of Britain was a Communist plot anyway. Some politicians thought the people of Britain had lost their collective minds in voting in a Labour government too, but that didn’t mean they were right.
We had all heard stories of the Communist presence in certain trade unions, but surely they wouldn’t be represented in the Festival Office. Before I started work there I had pictured it as a haven for quiet middle class types who wanted to do something worthwhile for the general populace, something they would enjoy and which would educate them painlessly at the same time by stealth.
This wasn’t too far from the truth, as it turned out. Except that some of them weren’t at all quiet, and others wanted only to amuse and not to bother educating at all. Having to keep my ears and eyes open all the time for anything unusual going on – more unusual than people’s mad inventions arriving for the display, that is – as well as typing furiously to get all the programmes and brochures finished in time made for a very busy and tiring working day. I was usually glad to get off the bus at Paddington and walk the last little bit to my own front door.
After a few weeks I had got more used to the work, and one mild day in March I loitered on the way down our street, appreciating the flowers that were just starting to appear in people’s small front gardens, and looking forward to the weekend, when Oliver had promised we could go up to Hampstead and walk on the Heath. Or if wet, to the pictures to see ‘The Browning Version’, which we had found was just about to open at the Regal in Harrow Road.
I was in such a carefree mood that it came as a huge shock to see the front door of our house swinging open. Marjorie would never have left it like that – unless… I took to my heels and ran the rest of the way, pushing past an outraged couple who took up the whole pavement between them, dodging a large pram that was heading my way and finally sprinting up the front steps and into the hall as if a pack of dogs were after me.
If Wassermann had been on the premises, I would have attacked him with my bare hands.
Wassermann wasn’t there. Instead I heard a faint sound from the front parlour. When I pushed open the door I found Marjorie Brampton. She wasn’t sitting on the chaise longue with her feet up as she often did at this time of day, listening to the Home Service. Instead she was tied to one of the little upright chairs with what looked suspiciously like a pair of stockings, and there were dried tearstains on her face, which suggested she had been there for some time.
I hurried over and began to untie her hands, gingerly at first in case I damaged the stockings and then more carelessly as I realised neither of us would want them again anyway after what had been done with them. I felt her arms and legs trembling as I did this, but she didn’t speak until I had finished, and helped her over to the chaise, lifting her feet up and putting my hands over hers for a few moments in a gesture of comfort before fetching the tartan rug I knew was kept in the cupboard in the hall, and arranging it over her. I kept thinking how much worse it could have been: only she didn’t know that, or at least I hoped she didn’t. Wassermann must have been feeling kind. I had no doubt it was him. The glass-fronted display cabinet had been thrown open, and one of each of the pairs of china dogs had been broken, perhaps even by stamping on it, and the pieces scattered all over the floor. That was just the kind of pointlessly unkind thing he would do. And of course he had always had an aversion to things – or people – in pairs. I suppose there was some deep-rooted psychological reason for it, but that was no excuse.
‘The taxi driver,’ she whispered. ‘Flora – do you know him from somewhere? He went upstairs – I think he may have been in your room. I’m sorry... I thought I heard a window breaking. But that was ages ago.’
‘It’s not your fault! Let me make a cup of tea. Or would you like brandy? I’ve got some in my wardrobe.’
She gave a faint smile. ‘Tea would be lovely. I’m not sure how long I’ve been here like this. I may even have drifted off to sleep for a little while. If only I’d had the wireless on, it might not have seemed so long.’
‘Did you call for help?’
She shook her head. ‘So undignified, dear. And nobody passes here during the day, anyway. Except Mr King from number 21, and he’s old and stone deaf. So is his dog, I think.’
For the first time in our acquaintance, I wondered how old Marjorie was. She put on a good front, with the long flowing reddish brown hair she usually wore in a bun, and the elegant flowing skirts and rather fashionable blouses, but I had thought when I noticed the trembling in her limbs and the boniness of her fingers under mine that she must be at least twice my own age.
I straightened from my kneeling position and went to make the tea. I sliced some bread for sandwiches while I was in the kitchen, and found a tomato and a bit of cheese too: perhaps she had missed a mealtime without even noticing. I cut the crusts off the bread and gave her several small neat sandwiches and not just one doorstep. She might be too shocked to eat more than a few bites. 
I was also putting off the evil moment when I had to do something more demanding than putting together a few sandwiches and boiling a kettle. I would have to go upstairs and see what sort of chaos he had wrought there, and of course I should find a call-box and telephone the spymasters to report what had happened.
It wasn’t until a complete stranger appeared in the hall as I was carrying the tea-tray through to the parlour that I realised I had forgotten to close the front door behind me after my headlong dash up the front steps. I stared at him blankly. He was a young man of medium height and slim build, with bicycle clips on his trousers.
‘Mrs Brampton?’
‘I’m afraid Mrs Brampton is indisposed at present,’ I said coolly. ‘Can I give her a message?’
He fumbled in his jacket pocket and produced some sort of identification document.
‘Peter Chalmers. I’m keeping an eye on the place. For Sir Bentley Sedgwick.’
‘Ah,’ I said. ‘Well, Mr Chalmers, I must say you haven’t been keeping a very close eye on things. Mrs Brampton has spent most of the day, as far as I can see, tied up in her own front parlour, and you don’t seem to have noticed a thing. The front door was swinging open when I got here.’
‘Are you Flora Murray?’ He sounded unduly nervous, as if he had heard I was some sort of dragon.
I nodded.
‘It was because of the front door that I popped in,’ he said. ‘I’ve been coming by nearly every day, just to see if everything was all right. But you may not have noticed me before. I try to blend in. And I cycle past at a different time every day, so that nobody notices a pattern.’
He was so pleased with his technique that I didn’t like to comment on it. But the fact remained that it hadn’t worked very well in this case.
‘Have you checked upstairs?’ he asked eagerly. ‘In case the intruder is still there?’
I knew the intruder, if it was indeed Wassermann, would be miles away by now, but I allowed Peter Chalmers to go up and have a look round. He reported back that all the doors were open, and it seemed as if some of the furnishings were damaged, if I would like to go and see for myself.
I insisted on taking the tray into the parlour before I did anything else, setting it on a side-table and making sure Marjorie had a cup of tea to hand and at least picked up a sandwich. I introduced Mr Chalmers to Marjorie, but without being too specific about who he was. I didn’t think it was time to reveal my connection with the secret service yet. She might want to throw me out on the streets if she found out the truth about me.
Peter and I went upstairs. In both bedrooms, the mattresses had been pulled on to the floor and cut open, and horse-hair stuffing spilled out across the rooms, looking like wild animals from which the skeletons had been removed. My pillows and the eiderdown had also been sliced open, allowing feathers to cascade down on top of the horse-hair. It was like a scene from the Siberian steppes just after the ice age had started. I noticed a couple of the blankets had been cut to ribbons too, and the wardrobe door wrenched off its hinges. Drawers had been pulled out of the chest on to the floor. Even the heavy wallpaper had been scraped away in places. Noticing a draught, I glanced towards the windows. One was broken, perhaps beyond repair. 
I was baffled by Wassermann’s tactics. Surely he couldn’t have imagined I kept the Rembrandt concealed in my bedding or behind the wallpaper. I would have expected him to be a bit more subtle and use some of his interrogation techniques first before resorting to these malicious acts of destruction. Thinking of his interrogations made me shudder. Seeing a woollen cardigan in one of the drawers on my bedroom floor, I grabbed it and put it on, pulled my shoulders back and marched down the stairs again. Peter and I held a short conference in the kitchen. Marjorie didn’t need to know about any of this. But I was anxious to get back to her and make sure she was all right, so we didn’t talk for very long, just long enough for me to insist he passed the news on to Sir Bentley and the rest, and got us some better protection. Wassermann could have done far worse, of course, if he had intended to frighten us. I hoped it wouldn’t come to that.
Peter was just leaving when Oliver arrived. He was also taken aback by the open door, and frowned when he came face to face with the other man.
‘Who the hell is this?’ he demanded rudely, dark brows forming an uncompromising line above his stony grey eyes.
‘Peter Chalmers, Oliver Quest,’ I said. ‘Peter’s just leaving.’
‘Not so fast,’ said Oliver. ‘What’s been going on here? Flora?’
‘It’s all right, Oliver. I’ll tell you all about it in a minute.’
I showed Peter out, murmuring, ‘Don’t tell Sir Bentley about Oliver. He doesn’t have to know. Please,’ as I closed the front door after him. The locks were undamaged. Marjorie must have admitted Wassermann to the house. I wondered what story he had used to persuade her to let him in.
‘Who doesn’t have to know about me?’ said Oliver. I had forgotten his hearing was extremely acute. ‘What exactly is going on, Flora?’
‘I have to go and see if Marjorie’s all right,’ I said. ‘I’ll explain it all after that – honestly.’
‘May I come in with you and speak to Marjorie?’
‘Of course. She’ll be pleased to see you.’
Marjorie had given up on the sandwiches and was resting her head on the back of the chaise longue. I resolved to get a dustpan and brush to sweep up the remains of the dog ornaments before she noticed them. I thought she might find it very upsetting to see the partners separated in that way. I knew her husband had died in the Blitz. I imagined the destruction bringing it all back to her.
Her eyes opened as we came into the room. At least she had drunk a cup of tea.
‘Would you like a biscuit?’ I asked.
She shook her head. 
‘I’m sorry to have been away so long,’ I said. ‘I went upstairs to see if there was any damage – then Oliver came in. You don’t mind, do you?’
She held out a hand to Oliver. ‘Hello, Mr Quest. Of course I don’t mind. It’s good to have a man with us.’
‘I’ve locked the front door,’ I told her. ‘The locks don’t seem to be damaged – he didn’t break in, did he?’
‘No, he knocked and I opened the door, then he just barged in. I’m sorry, Flora.’
‘It isn’t your fault. You weren’t to know he’d do that.’
‘Is there much damage upstairs?’
I shook my head. ‘Nothing that can’t be put right.’
I was aware of Oliver standing at the other side of the chaise longue, frowning still in the way that always made me glad I wasn’t a villain. I had a feeling I was going to have to tell him everything before the end of the day.
‘Did he ask you anything when he first came in?’ I said. ‘Or say anything about what he wanted?’
‘Well, it was a bit odd. He said something about supposing I didn’t know where the Rembrandt was. Then when I shook my head he laughed – but not in a very nice way – and took these stockings out of his pocket and started to tie me up. I struggled at first, of course, and he slapped my face and told me to keep still or he would have to do something he’d regret, and by the time I stopped feeling dizzy and sorry for myself, there I was. Trussed up like a chicken. It was so silly of me.’
Oliver had given a start when the Rembrandt was mentioned, and then he had gone very still. He hadn’t relaxed, of course; he was like a big cat waiting to pounce. And when he did, I would be his prey. I gave him a guilty sideways glance and decided to keep Marjorie talking for as long as I could.
Chapter 11 Guests at Baker Street - Oliver
I couldn’t wait to get Flora on her own and shake some sense into her. Or lock her up in a safe place and guard her night and day like some medieval lord with his lady. Evidently the danger she had mentioned was much more real than I had imagined. She looked as guilty as a small child who had been caught with the entire family sweet ration in her pocket, and she started to babble on to Marjorie Brampton as if she wanted to keep the woman talking all night.
‘I think I can tidy your room up, Marjorie, but let me fetch you something more to eat. There’s some fruit cake left in that tin my mother sent at Christmas. I’ll bring it in. And fresh tea. Oliver, would you like a cup too?’
Marjorie’s glance went from me to Flora and back. I had the sense that she knew I was angry, and also that she was telling me not to blame Flora. I raised my eyebrows at her and went and sat meekly on one of the spoon-back chairs. What I had to say to Flora had better be said well out of her landlady’s hearing.
I had come here to talk over what had happened at Grimshaw’s. I thought it would be interesting to hear her thoughts about Marek. Now I wasn’t sure if I wanted to tell her anything at all about my visit there. There were evidently quite a lot of pieces of information she wasn’t telling me. Who was the man I had met in the hall? Who had warned her not to involve me because it was too dangerous? Why should a cabbie threaten her and then attack Marjorie? And most of all, what did it all have to do with the Rembrandt? I still had a lingering feeling of embarrassment about the way she had stolen it from under my nose.
Marjorie agreed meekly to another cup of tea and perhaps a little taste of fruit cake. I just glowered. Flora could take from that whatever she wished.
She chose to bring me a cup and a side plate with a small slice of cake on it.
She vanished after that on the pretext of preparing Marjorie’s room. We made small talk for a few moments, then I said,
‘I’d quite like to see for myself the state of things upstairs, Marjorie, if you don’t mind. Would you excuse me for a minute?’
‘Yes, just go,’ she said, leaning back again and half-closing her eyes. 
I took the stairs two at a time.
Flora was in one of the bedrooms. I guessed it was Marjorie’s. It looked as if a bomb had hit it. She was on her hands and knees trying to stuff horse-hair back into the mattress.
‘What do you think you’re doing?’ I asked her. She jumped up.
‘It’s all right, I can manage this!’
I laughed.
‘I don’t think so. That mattress is ruined. Is this Marjorie’s room?’
She nodded. She jammed her hands into the pockets of her cardigan.
‘What about yours? Is it in the same state?’
She nodded again. ‘It’s worse, if anything. He broke a window. And gouged holes in the wallpaper.’
Her mouth quivered and I could see the struggle she had to bring it under control.
There was another of the spoon-back chairs by Marjorie’s bedroom window. I grabbed Flora, sat down and pulled her on to my lap. She resisted at first­­­, but I kept hold of her until I sensed her body relaxing against mine. I said softly,
‘Why won’t you tell me what’s really going on, sweetheart?’
My anger had dissipated as soon as I saw how bad things were. She must have been shaken by the violence this intruder had taken out on the furnishings, but she was prepared to deal with it all and continue as if nothing had happened. I couldn’t let her do that.
She freed her hands from mine, flung her arms round me and kissed me enthusiastically.
‘I thought you were cross,’ she said after a while.
‘I was cross. But I’m not now. I want to know the whole story so that I can help you sort it out.’
She sighed. ‘It’s such a long, hard story.’
‘There’s plenty of time.’
‘I expect you’re hungry. It’s almost supper-time.’
‘Flora,’ I said as sternly as I could manage. ‘Just tell me the blasted story. Neither of us is going to starve to death in the mean-time.’
‘Well,’ she said after a pause, ‘I suppose it starts with the Rembrandt. You know about that already. About David bargaining with the painting for the lives of his parents.’
‘The Bernards, yes.’
‘It was a man called Karl Wassermann. He was in the Gestapo. He was the one who took the painting from the Bernards, and the one who – had David killed.’ She paused, composed herself and carried on. ‘He seemed to be almost obsessed with the painting… I thought he must have been killed at the end of the war and that was why the Rembrandt had passed out of his hands and eventually arrived in London. I knew it had been acquired by a French dealer and then sold in Amsterdam, and the new owner had lent it to the London show. There was something in the art press about it. That helped me to track it down. To the gallery where we met.’
‘Under unusual circumstances,’ I couldn’t resist adding. She glanced up at me under her eyelashes and smiled.
‘I had a visit a few weeks ago from two men,’ she continued. ‘One was Sir Bentley Sedgwick. I knew him from before. He’s in the secret service. I don’t know who the other man was. They didn’t introduce him. Anyway, they warned me that Karl Wassermann was still alive, that he had come into Britain using a forged passport calling himself Charles Waterman, and that he might try and find the Rembrandt… Oh, and I shouldn’t see you any more because I would put you in danger... I did try, Oliver.’
‘But I wasn’t willing to play along.’
‘No. I haven’t told them that yet. But Peter Chalmers might.’
‘He’s one of Sedgwick’s men?’
‘Yes. He was supposed to be keeping an eye on the house, but only from time to time. I don’t think they could spare anyone to stand guard.’
‘And in any case,’ I said slowly, ‘they might have wanted Wassermann to show his hand.’
‘So I was the tethered goat after all,’ she said, nodding to herself. ‘That’s what I thought. But I didn’t tell Marjorie because I didn’t want to frighten her. Oh, Oliver, this is all my fault. I’ve put you and Marjorie in terrible danger.’
‘How did Wassermann know where you lived?’ I asked, hoping if I ignored Flora’s last few sentences she would calm down and stop blaming herself.
‘It was just bad luck. He was working as a cab driver and happened to pick us up.’
‘It seems like too much of a coincidence.’
She shrugged. ‘I suppose coincidences do happen.’ She stared at me and I had the slightly unnerving sense that we were sharing the same thoughts.
‘What if Sir Bentley what’s-his-name helped Lady Luck along?’ I said. ‘I wouldn’t put it past someone like that.’
‘But that would make me – and Marjorie – more like tethered goats than ever!’
‘That settles it,’ I said. I set her on her feet gently and stood up. ‘You’re coming home with me.’
I felt better about myself when I said it. I realised I should have suggested it as soon as Wassermann showed up, instead of waiting for him to do something like this.
‘What about Marjorie?’
‘Yes, Marjorie can come too. Unless she has somewhere else to go.’
‘I don’t think she has any family left. But do you have enough beds?’
‘We’ll work that out later,’ I said.
‘Don’t get any ideas, Oliver Quest.’
‘Ideas? Me?’ I tried to look innocent. When she started to giggle, I had a feeling it hadn’t worked. But at least it distracted her a bit.
We went downstairs to break the news to Marjorie. She looked so worn-out that I thought she would have agreed to anything just for the sake of peace. She didn’t even make a token protest about leaving her house unattended: she must have understood that it was the inhabitants of the house that were at risk and not so much the contents. I decided I would ask Stan to send someone round to have a look at the place while it was still in this disarranged state, and to arrange for the local constable to keep an eye on the place until it was all fixed, which I knew would take a while. It was almost impossible at the time to get hold of reliable workmen, or even good materials. A bobby on his local beat was bound to be more reliable than Peter Chalmers, whose visits had seemed slightly sporadic and lackadaisical. On the other hand, Flora’s friend Sir Bentley might feel compelled to send his own people in. It would be interesting if they encountered the police while they were there, but that wasn’t our problem.
Before long Flora and Marjorie had packed a few things in a couple of cases and we were travelling towards Baker Street in a taxi. Wassermann was definitely not driving the cab on this occasion.
I had all the sleeping arrangements worked out in my head before we turned into my street. There was my bed in the bedroom and a fairly comfortable sofa in the drawing-room. Marjorie and Flora could use these, leaving me with the slightly less comfortable sofa in my office. 
I thought we might go out to eat, but Marjorie claimed she had already eaten, which was a slight exaggeration as far as I could tell. She told Flora and me to go without her. Before agreeing to go out, Flora insisted on checking the contents of my kitchen cabinet to see if there was anything worth eating in there. I like a thrifty woman.
Strolling back home from the restaurant at the end of the road, holding my hand and swinging it between us as we walked, Flora suddenly said, ‘I’ve forgotten to ask about your day, Oliver. What have you been doing?’
I laughed. ‘It’s all right, Flora, your day has been much more exciting than mine. I did meet Grimshaw’s man, though. That’s what I was coming to talk to you about, before I got caught up in all your drama.’
‘Not exactly drama,’ she protested. ‘Anyway, women should show a polite interest in what men have been doing at work.’
‘Is that from the Women’s Institute Book of How to Please a Man, or something?’
‘But I am interested in Mr Grimshaw and his painting,’ she said. ‘And this mysterious man of his.’
‘He is rather mysterious. I think he must be a Polish refugee. He carries a knife with him all the time. He’s a bit skinny for a security guard, but very loyal to his employer.’
‘That’s good. Isn’t it?’
‘The knife part isn’t so good. But I suppose the rest is all right.’
‘How did he come to be so loyal in the first place?’ she asked.
‘It’s quite a complicated story. Mr Grimshaw claims his mother was very close to Katya’s father – that’s the maid. She’s very good at baking. Katya’s married to Marek, but they got separated during the war. Grimshaw got her out of Poland in time, but Marek ended up in a refugee camp somewhere at the end of the war, and Grimshaw went over to Germany to find him and bring him back.’
‘Goodness – Grimshaw must be very loyal to them too… How close were the mother and father?’
‘That’s what I was wondering. If Katya were his sister, that might explain it.’
‘Now we both know all each other’s secrets!’ she said with satisfaction.
‘Not quite all, I think.’
We stared at each other. I tried to look encouraging and not too fierce, although I was starting to feel angry with her again. She had so many secret corners in her mind: she was trained in deviousness and I sometimes despaired of her ever being open and honest with me. I knew there was more to this than met the eye. 
‘Is it to do with your brother?’
Her eyelids flickered. I must be getting close to the truth.
‘Has Sir Bradley what’s-his-name threatened him?’
‘It’s Sir Bentley. Yes, he has in a way. But I think he’s probably bluffing. I just don’t want to take the chance. Not with Sandy involved.’
‘I can understand that. I just – damn it, this is a difficult thing for me to say to a strong independent woman like you, Flora, but I don’t want to stand back and see you letting these people take over your life again. You’ve already done more for your country than most people would do in a hundred years.’
She laid her hand on my arm. ‘Don’t worry, Oliver, I won’t do any more for them than I want to do for myself.’
It was a bit cryptic – compared with most women, Flora was a Delphic Oracle – but as I always do in the end, I gave in and accepted her word. Any alternative I could think of would be even worse.
Chapter 12 Savoy Court and news from Arbroath - Flora
Things were getting busier and busier at the Festival of Britain Office. Someone had decided to hire hostesses to help visitors round when the South Bank Exhibition opened, so the office was visited on a regular basis by attractive, well-groomed blondes who were being interviewed for the posts. The blondes made me feel scrawny and scruffy, and I was glad when the last one had been appointed and the next set of interviewees included nondescript men and older women who had come for the general assistant and cleaner positions. I had wondered if I would still be needed once everything got under way, but apparently there would be even more paperwork to produce at that point, not to mention having to tidy up all the files that had already been generated.
Although I still felt odd twinges of guilt about what had happened to Marjorie’s house, and I often wanted things of mine which I had left behind in Paddington, I loved living in Oliver’s flat. It was in a rather grand building, with a uniformed doorman who had intimidated me until I learned to treat him as Oliver did, with casual familiarity. All Oliver’s furniture was much more expensive-looking than anything I was used to. When I spoke to him about it, he said he had brought some of it from Norfolk, where his parents lived. I hadn’t given much thought to Oliver’s family before this, and now I began to wonder how much posher and better-heeled they might be than mine, and whether I would like them if we met. In all our wanderings round Europe I had never thought about where our relationship might end up. It was fun being with him and living in the moment. That seemed like enough. It was only now that I seemed to be part of his real life that I considered a possible future moment when we might have to face our respective families.
I was called away from my work one day in late March and I discovered Sir Bentley Sedgwick and one of his sidekicks, whose name I hadn’t learned, in one of the offices on the next floor waiting for me.
‘Has someone given you tea?’ I asked.
Sir Bentley’s frown told me he realised I was trying to put off the moment when I would have to answer his questions.
‘I don’t think that will be necessary,’ he said coldly. ‘Now then, Flora, what’s all this about you moving in with Oliver Quest? I distinctly remember telling you not to have anything to do with him in future.’
‘Oliver very kindly offered to put up Mrs Brampton and me when our house became uninhabitable. I haven’t exactly moved in with him, as you probably know very well.’
‘If you had waited for Peter Chalmers to report in to me, we could have arranged temporary accommodation for both of you. There was no need to go dashing off with Quest. Wassermann had gone by then – there was no urgency about it.’
‘Marjorie – Mrs Brampton - wasn’t well. She had been through an ordeal.’
‘Hmm,’ he said, tapping his fingers on the desk while the other man stared at me. I decided he was trying to make me nervous, and returned his stare as boldly as I could. Eventually he looked away.
‘Oliver Quest has been very kind to both of us,’ I said. ‘I’ve told him about what Wassermann did – in the war, that is - because there didn’t seem to me to be any point in keeping everything from him. We’re not at war any more, after all.’
‘Don’t forget you’re still bound by the Official Secrets Act.’
‘You didn’t tell me it was a matter of national security,’ I pointed out. ‘As far as I knew, it was a threat to me personally, and Oliver needed to know that because he’s concerned about me. As a good friend. If you were to tell me the country’s defences depended on it, then of course I wouldn’t say any more to anyone.’
He sighed. ‘I hope for all our sakes you never enter the legal profession, Flora. You can’t pick and choose which laws you obey and which you don’t.’
‘This has nothing to do with obeying laws,’ I said. I seemed to be becoming bolder and bolder as this interview progressed. Thinking about it, I decided it was having Oliver firmly on my side that had done this to me. He gave me the confidence to take on the world.
‘If you hadn’t established yourself in this office and if it wasn’t too late to put someone else in here, I would tell you to go now, this minute, Flora,’ said Sir Bentley suddenly, leaning forward across the desk. ‘As things are, we will have to keep you here until the work is done. I trust you’re still fulfilling this part of the bargain by keeping your eyes open?’
Yes, I was keeping my eyes open, but to no avail. Nothing untoward was going on here, I was sure of it. I was tempted to invent something to show him I was on the alert, but luckily I realised that might get one of my colleagues into trouble, and I liked almost all of them too much for that.
It was an uncomfortable interview, but not disastrous. Sir Bentley didn’t order me to leave Oliver’s flat – I think he realised it would be unfair to put Marjorie in danger, even if he didn’t care about me – and he let me keep my job in the Festival Office. I thought I might be on borrowed time, since he would probably fire me once Wassermann was caught, if not sooner.
He hadn’t said any more about my brother. I didn’t know whether to worry about this or not. My mother had written to say there were rumours circulating in Scotland about the whereabouts of the Stone of Destiny, but nobody knew anything for sure. She didn’t say whether Sandy had told her anything or not. But I wouldn’t have been surprised if he was up to his neck in it all. That was really why I had given into Sir Bentley’s blackmail in the first place. Sandy was a born trouble-maker. In my opinion he was very lucky to have gone to Glasgow University instead of to Perth Jail. Of course he would have made an excellent, though probably very reckless, pilot during the Battle of Britain, but he had been born several years too late for that and had to content himself with disturbing the peace in civilian life.
If I hadn’t been so busy I might have gone to visit my parents at Easter, when we had the Sunday and Monday off work. But what with the train journey time, it would have taken too long and the opening of the Festival was approaching faster than any of us could believe.
Oliver went to Norfolk on his own on the Thursday before Good Friday to visit his parents. All being well, he had promised to return to London on Easter Saturday so that we could spend some time together. His father had made good progress in his recovery and was, according to Oliver’s mother’s letters, driving everyone mad because he hated having to take things easy. Oliver hoped his visit would help, if only because he and his father always argued about everything and this might take his parents’ minds off coping with illness for a while.
I did wonder if Oliver would like me to go with him, but of course this was the busiest time in the Festival offices and I wasn’t sure that it was the best occasion for me to meet his parents either.
On Easter Saturday I arrived home from work at lunchtime to find Marjorie waiting for me just behind Oliver’s front door. 
‘Oh, Flora, I’ve just heard it on the Home Service… so exciting…you won’t believe it…’
I couldn’t think what she was talking about, but then Oliver arrived and ruined the surprise.
‘I see your friends have brought the thing back,’ he said, throwing his hat on to the rack and flinging down the daily paper on the little table in the hall.
‘The thing?’
‘The Coronation Stone!’ said Marjorie, regaining her moment in the limelight.
‘They’re not my friends,’ I said to Oliver. ‘What happened?’
‘They left it on the altar at an abbey somewhere,’ said Marjorie. Her excitement had evidently outrun her knowledge.
‘Arbroath,’ said Oliver. He seemed almost angry about the return of the Stone. The reason for this became clear as he continued, ‘There’s still no progress in catching them, though. I don’t know what the police are playing at. You’d think they weren’t even trying.’
‘Maybe they’ll never be caught,’ I said hopefully. I felt more relieved than pleased by the return of the Stone. It was only a thing, after all, an artifact. Of course it would have been awful for the powers-that-be if the next Queen couldn’t be crowned on it, as her ancestors had been, but I didn’t think it would have been the end of the world.
Oliver took off his outdoor coat and hung it up. He was quite tidy in many ways, although I had been surprised to find he had a housekeeper who came in every weekday morning to sort things out in the flat for him. Being at work, I had only bumped into her a couple of times, but Marjorie would regale me with stories of how she had pointed out that the housekeeper wasn’t dusting the mantelpiece properly and so on. It was a miracle the woman was still here, except that I gathered she was responsible for cleaning several other apartments in the building too, and it was probably convenient for her to stay on.
It seemed strange to me by that time that Oliver and I had quarreled over something so silly and trivial. I realised we had grown closer in the past few months. Somehow we didn’t take each other so much for granted as when we had worked together. It was sad in some ways: I had enjoyed being with him all day but perhaps we weren’t meant to spend so much time in each other’s company.
I forgot all about the Stone of Destiny and indeed almost all about my family in the bustle of the next week’s work, and then something else brought Oliver’s work and mine crashing back together quite unexpectedly.

Chapter 13 The South Bank at last - Oliver
Grimshaw summoned me when he heard the news about the bomb at the Festival site. It wasn’t really a live bomb, of course; the authorities had soon established that but, Flora told me, they had brought in MI5 to secure the site. She said there was talk in the Festival offices at first that it had something to do with the Communists. I guessed it had just been something the workmen dug up that looked like an unexploded bomb left over from wartime, but had turned out not even to be that. But it bothered old Grimshaw. I could understand why: should his painting be stolen in spite of our best efforts, at least it would still exist in the world somewhere to give pleasure and illumination to others, whereas if it were to be blown to pieces it would be completely gone.
He now thought we should leave the transfer of the Turner painting until the last moment before the royal opening – or as near to the last moment as we were allowed. He thought the less time it spent on the site the better. I agreed with this point of view, although I did insist that we get it into position before any crowds started to appear, whether they were composed of royalty, royal entourages or the press.
‘Two days before the opening, then?’ he said.
‘That makes sense,’ I replied. ‘When Marek and I visited the site there were still plenty of painters and decorators around. And joiners and electricians. Oh yes, and someone painting a mural. If they don’t get a move on the paint will still be wet and the King will get it on his royal sleeve next week.’
‘That’s the least of his worries,’ said Grimshaw soberly.
‘Are you invited to the opening?’ I asked him.
He nodded. ‘I shall be positioned near the painting and unveil it once the royal party arrives. It hasn’t been seen in public for a long time. Some experts thought it was lost. It should be a dramatic moment.’
We had already discussed setting up a velvet curtain like the one upstairs. I had warned the joiners that we would require a rail above the place where the painting would go, and I had arranged with them that they would install it the day before we were due to take the painting there. One of them would be on hand to ensure the fixings for the picture were exactly right. Marek and I had both been given permission to spend some time there inspecting all the security arrangements for ourselves.
‘Marek still wants to spend all night there,’ said Grimshaw. ‘If it were up to him he’d take a bed-roll and sleep at the entrance to the Lion and Unicorn Pavilion as if he were a retainer guarding a medieval prince.’
I caught Grimshaw’s eye, and we both laughed. He wasn’t at all made in the mould of a medieval prince, and he knew it. He wouldn’t have looked good in doublet and hose. He might have looked like a Viking raider when he was younger, though, clad in furs and wearing a frightening horned helmet.
I was glad Flora had been involved in the arrangements for the South Bank, because it meant I could tell her all this without fear of giving away state secrets. 
‘Will you meet the King and Queen?’ she enquired as we sat together in my office later that day. Marjorie had taken over the drawing-room for the evening with some programme she wanted to listen to on the wireless.
‘No. I’ll be long gone by the time they come round. Will you be presented to them?’
‘Not unless they visit Savoy Court on their travels.’
‘Do you think the painting will be safe? Marek can’t really guard it day and night.’
‘There’s always a risk,’ I said. ‘But the big galleries have assessed it too and they’re lending paintings. I don’t think it’s a huge risk. There’ll be staff everywhere when the public come in.’
‘Are there night-watchmen too?’
‘Yes. They patrol the grounds all night. The site’s well fenced, to stop people getting in without paying. Grimshaw would never have agreed to lend the Turner if he hadn’t thought it was going to be safe.’
‘But maybe he’s putting too much trust in Marek.’
‘He’s got me too, Flora. 
Her eyes sparkled as she gazed at me. ‘I suppose you must have learned something since the day I stole the Rembrandt from under your nose.’
‘I suppose I have,’ I agreed, and pounced on her. ‘I’ve learned that you giggle like a schoolgirl if I tickle you here – and here.’
We didn’t even mention the Festival of Britain any more for quite a while, what with all the tickling and giggling and so on.
A few days later it was suddenly time to take the painting to the South Bank.
I had found out that the National Gallery were going to be transporting their painting in a taxi, but somehow I didn’t altogether trust this mode of transport at that point. I suppose I had visions of Wassermann in his role as cab driver using this way of stealing the Turner in place of his coveted Rembrandt. We hired a small van and a couple of men from a removal company instead. It was useful having the men to carry the wrapped painting from where we were permitted to park, on the perimeter of the site, to the Lion and Unicorn Pavilion. 
Although I had managed to get hold of a site map beforehand to study our route, seeing the buildings and sculptures and pools of water and the Skylon so close to almost took my breath away. I wished I had more time to have a good look round. It was all so unbelievably modern, like a glimpse into the future. Even the chair that propped open the door of the pavilion so that we could get through was made of tubular steel, painted white. It wouldn’t have looked out of place inside a flying saucer – not that I had ever thought about the things seriously enough to visualize the interior.
 As usual, it was raining, and I was glad there were several layers of wrapping to protect the work of art from the elements, but Marek and I held umbrellas over it too, swerving to and fro with them as the movers’ men negotiated the curves in the site. Grimshaw had wondered why I insisted on all the wrapping, although I thought he could probably afford to pay for the blankets and brown paper we used.
Once it was safely inside, I dismissed the movers’ men and turned to the two joiners who were waiting for us. I noticed the rail for the velvet curtain was already in place at the right height, which was a relief as I didn’t want to have to wait for them to fix that. There was an annoying little supervisor around too, who insisted on seeing all our paperwork with the authorization we needed to work on the site at all, then tried to tell me what height the picture should hang at, and how it should all be done. I ignored him and we got on with it as arranged. Eventually he wandered off, evidently having taken umbrage at not having his say.
‘Thanks for seeing him off, guv,’ said one of the joiners, a smiling fellow with fair hair and eyes the colour of a summer sky. ‘We’d have been out on strike if he’d carried on, wouldn’t we, mate?’
He nudged his mate, who was keeping quiet. His cap was pulled down low over his eyes and it was almost as if he were half-asleep. I hoped he was up to the job. I saw Marek glance at them both with a quick frown too. Everything had to be just right for his master’s painting. But when it came to the point even the quiet one was efficient enough, and we got the picture up and arranged the curtain over it within the hour.
‘Nice painting,’ said the smiling joiner. ‘Pretty colours. Sunset, is it?’
I nodded.
‘What’s all this with the curtain?’ he enquired, starting to light up a cigarette.
At the far end of the pavilion, I could see the supervisor setting off towards us with a stubborn look on his face. No doubt he had decided there was to be no smoking here.
‘The painting hasn’t been seen in public for years,’ I told him. ‘It’s going to be unveiled during the royal opening.’
‘And I am to guard it,’ said Marek, pulling back his shoulders, I thought in an attempt to look military. He put a hand up to the lower edge of the frame and ran his fingers along it in a proprietorial manner. As he did so, his jacket sleeve fell back to reveal a tattoo on his arm. It was a number, and I had seen too many like it before to be in any doubt about where he had acquired it.
The joiners both moved at the same time, bumping into each other and causing the lit cigarette to fall on the floor. The smiling one hurriedly stamped it out, just as the supervisor bustled over to us.
‘Come on, boys, you know there’s no smoking in the pavilion,’ he said. I thought his friendly manner was mostly for my benefit and that he would probably tell them off a little more harshly once they all got outside.
‘Thanks for your help,’ I said to the joiners as they left. ‘Just what we needed.’
I glanced round for Marek, but he had vanished. I thought he was probably having a look round the pavilion to see what sort of company the Turner would be keeping during its stay here. I hoped he wouldn’t get himself into trouble, so I set off myself. There were stairs leading to the upper gallery and I hurried in the hope of catching up with him. After a while I became aware of footsteps behind me.
‘I’m going to have to ask you not to go up there at the moment, sir,’ said the supervisor. ‘There’s an artist working on the mural, and he gets quite agitated if people interrupt him.’
‘I’m sorry. I thought my colleague might have come this way.’
‘I don’t think he would have done. Someone would have stopped him. He’s probably wandered off outside.’
I had a feeling of disquiet. I wondered if Marek had some sort of silly plan in mind, such as hiding on the site until dark and then sneaking back to guard the painting. I remembered what Grimshaw had said about the bed-roll and the medieval prince.
‘Is it all right if I have a look for him out there?’
The supervisor was ambivalent – ‘more than my job’s worth to let you’ and so on – but somehow I found myself wandering about the South Bank and getting a look at the architecture and sculptures before the rest of the British public had seen it all properly.
What really struck me were the bright colours. They didn’t change anything about the grey weather, of course, but even so I almost felt my spirits lifting as I saw the red and blue and yellow signs pointing the way, and the fanciful decoration on the fronts of some of the buildings, and the pretty landscaped gardens and the cafés with umbrellas in the continental style. I followed a paved path round to the side of the Lion and Unicorn Pavilion. There was a café with umbrellas that looked as if they were floating in mid-air. It was all very new and exciting but I saw no sign of the missing Marek. 
After a while the sky clouded over again and it began to drizzle and there was no point in hanging about any longer. I tried to return to the Lion and Unicorn Pavilion, but it seemed to be locked up now, and I didn’t want to bother anyone to open it for me. I guessed Marek had accidentally wandered too far, lost sight of me, and decided to make his own way home to Hampstead. Even before a man in uniform challenged me, I had decided to leave the site.
Damn and blast! I felt very hard-done-by as I made my way to the nearest underground station to catch a train up to Hampstead. I had to see for myself that he had arrived back safely, or alternatively break the news to Mr Grimshaw that his employee had disappeared without trace. I briefly considered telephoning from a call-box to ask if he was there, but I thought that might cause undue alarm to Grimshaw and indeed to Katya, who would probably take the call.
When I discovered Marek wasn’t at the Hampstead house and hadn’t been in touch, I was glad I had decided on this course of action. Katya became quite distraught, and Grimshaw sent her to bed. He himself was oddly calm.
‘I half-expected this to happen,’ he said. ‘He’s always had a fixation with guarding the painting day and night.’
‘I’m sorry, Grimshaw. I shouldn’t have let him slip off like that.’
‘It isn’t your fault, Quest. Marek’s a very determined man. No power on earth can stop him once he makes up his mind to something… Probably wouldn’t have survived all he’s been through otherwise.’
‘Concentration camp?’
‘Yes… How did you know? The tattoo?’
I gave him a minute by minute account of what had happened at the South Bank.
‘And this supervisor?’ Grimshaw enquired. ‘Did he seem competent enough?’
‘I suppose so, in his way. He wasn’t keen on us over-stepping the mark. Wanted to keep us in line. But that’s probably a good thing. It means he’s got his eyes open for intruders.’
‘And the place is definitely locked up after hours?’
‘I couldn’t get back into the Pavilion once we had all left, certainly,’ I said cautiously.
Grimshaw dismissed me soon after that – or at least, dismissal was what it felt like. I didn’t think he was pleased with me for losing Marek, and yet in a way he seemed proud of the man for evading me.
Chapter 14 Clemency arrives – Flora
I had no feeling of impending doom when I turned along Oliver’s street early that evening. On the contrary, with the Festival of Britain almost ready to open and most of the urgent work of preparation done, I was looking forward to the weekend. I still had Saturday morning to work, but that didn’t seem too terrible, especially as I had got away a little earlier than usual. Oliver had promised to come and meet me just outside the Savoy and then we planned to have lunch together and go up to Kew on a trip boat.
I saw a taxi drawing up outside Oliver’s apartment building. I didn’t pay much attention at first. I knew most of the people with flats there were well-to-do enough to take taxis everywhere if they wanted. My heart did jump a little at the thought that the cab driver might be Wassermann and that he had tracked me down here and was going to try and intercept me on my way in.
Then I saw Oliver getting out of the taxi, and my heart jumped in a different, pleasanter way. I was about to break into a run to catch up when I noticed him holding the door for someone else who was following. It was a young woman.
Everything about her was glamorous: black hair curving smoothly down to her shoulders, a grey costume that hugged her slender figure, high-heeled shoes that showed off her legs at their best as she left the taxi.
As I watched, she straightened up, put her hand on Oliver’s arm and laughed. He looked down at her and patted her hand. I couldn’t see his face but the way he leaned down attentively to her and the familiarity they seemed to be showing to each other, must mean she was someone he knew well. I stopped in my tracks. Ever since I had met him I had felt that I was the only special person in his life. He had never been ungallant enough to talk about old girl-friends, and he certainly hadn’t dropped any hints they might be about to come back into his life. What was going on?
With slow, reluctant steps I made my way towards the building. They had already vanished inside.
I didn’t want to go in and face them. I didn’t want to find out like this that Oliver was seeing someone else. I didn’t think I could put on a brave face.
But as I opened his front door he popped out of the kitchen and said, with apparent satisfaction, ‘There you are, Flora!’
‘Yes, here I am!’
I didn’t move towards him, but stood there in the hall not doing anything. He frowned. ‘Are you all right?’ He came over to me and put his hands on my shoulders, looking into my face, puzzled. I studied his grey eyes. There was no trace of guilt, or furtiveness, or anything incriminating. He simply seemed pleased to see me.
I closed my eyes and lifted my face for his kiss. 
Someone else entered the hall.
‘Oliver? Where do you keep the cigarettes?’
He swung away from me and addressed her. ‘On the mantelpiece. In the drawing-room.’
‘I’m sorry to interrupt,’ said the woman from the taxi, staring at me with more intensity than I considered polite. I saw that her eyes were grey, like Oliver’s, and even her expression was very similar to his at this moment, slightly wary and critical. I frowned, considering the situation.
‘I’m Clemency,’ she added helpfully. ‘I don’t know if he’s told you about me.’
‘Don’t tease, Clemmie,’ said Oliver. He turned to me. ‘Flora, this is my sister. She likes to try and intimidate people. Perhaps she’ll get the hang of it with practice.’
He returned to the kitchen. Clemency and I stood staring at each other for a little longer. Under her scrutiny I felt like a country bumpkin in my blue summer dress with the white flowers and my little white bolero, although I had been perfectly happy in them for the whole day up to that point.
‘Hmm,’ she said at last. ‘I don’t know why Oliver’s kept you to himself all this time.’
I wasn’t sure what she meant by that, but I seemed to have passed some sort of test, because she opened the drawing-room door and held it for me to go in ahead of her. Marjorie sat there with a cup of tea, wearing a hunted look like a trapped animal. I noticed the wireless was turned off for once. Had Clemency done that?
Oliver brought in a tray of drinks. 
‘Would you like me to switch on the wireless, Marjorie?’ he enquired.
Marjorie shook her head. Evidently something about Clemency’s presence was making her jumpy. I did feel a little on edge myself, but I was determined to fight it. I would get on with Oliver’s sister no matter what effort it took. 
After a while Marjorie retreated to the bedroom on some pretext.
‘Oliver says there isn’t room for me here,’ said Clemency accusingly to me.
‘That’s what happens when you don’t tell anyone what you’re going to do next,’ said Oliver, leaning back in his chair and looking at both of us through half-closed eyes. ‘I told you, you’ll have to go to the YWCA.’
‘Nonsense, Oliver!’ I said. I wasn’t sure why he was being so hard on the girl. ‘Marjorie and I can move back home now. I’m sure it isn’t too bad there. We can manage.’
‘Don’t be silly,’ he replied. ‘I want you here where I can keep an eye on you. Clemmie isn’t in any danger. She doesn’t need somewhere safe to stay. She can go anywhere.’
Clemency’s grey eyes opened wide in surprise. ‘Are you in danger?’ she said to me.
‘Yes, she is,’ said Oliver, replying on my behalf before I had time to think about what to say. ‘And by the way, Flora, something else has developed today that you should know about.’
He told us about Marek’s disappearance. I could tell he was very unsettled by what had happened. But it wasn’t that he had been negligent in any way. Marek was an adult with – evidently – a mind of his own. He had decided to vanish for some reason and that was that. I didn’t see that it put me or Marjorie at any greater risk than we had been before, either. But Oliver thought it might.
‘It’s another anomaly,’ he explained. ‘Even if we can’t fit it into what we already know, it’s still something that’s out of place.’
‘But surely whatever has happened to Marek couldn’t – doesn’t - have anything to do with Wassermann!’ I exclaimed.
He sighed. ‘Who knows? Anyway, we’re not going to take any chances. You’re staying here. Until they round up Wassermann and send him back where he belongs.’
Clemency had watched our exchange with interest.
‘You’ve got to tell me who Wassermann is,’ she said. 
‘It’s a secret,’ said Oliver.
She clapped her hands. ‘That’s even better!’
For some reason I suddenly liked Oliver’s sister very much.
‘You can sleep on the chaise longue in here,’ I suggested. ‘Or I’ll take the chaise longue and you can have the sofa.’
She laughed. ‘Oh, dear, Oliver isn’t exactly keeping you in the lap of luxury here, is he?’
‘It’s only a temporary arrangement,’ said Oliver stiffly, at the same time as I said, ‘Marjorie has the bedroom.’
Clemency looked from one to the other of us and back again. Her mouth curved into a smile.
‘That’s perfect! We can have a midnight feast and share all our secrets.’
I glanced at Oliver. He looked appalled. I started to giggle too. A midnight feast! She might just manage to worm everything out of me.

Chapter 15 Missing - Oliver
None of us had been invited to the Festival of Britain opening events, but that didn’t stop Flora and Clemency from insisting we should all go and stand outside St Paul’s Cathedral to see the royal pageant. Clemency insisted that was what she had come up to town for. I was slightly suspicious that she had done something dreadful at Cambridge and been sent down, but I had to admit to myself it wouldn’t have been like her. She had always been one of these irritating little girls who had done their homework even when everyone else in the class hadn’t. I thought she was probably so far ahead with her studies that her tutor wouldn’t mind her taking a bit of time off.
We all enjoyed it, even Marjorie, but that was partly because the weather was fine and sunny, and I had been dispatched the day before to the house in Paddington to fetch her and Flora some lighter clothes. I could see that someone, I thought perhaps Sir Bentley’s men, had straightened the place out as best they could, but that we would have to get a joiner round there to fix a few things, and Flora and Marjorie would certainly need new mattresses and pillows before they could move back there.
I wasn’t in any hurry for them to move back, and what happened later that day made me even more reluctant to allow them to leave what I fondly thought of as my protection.
I had heard Clemency and Flora talking and laughing late into the night, and even after they fell silent I still had trouble sleeping. I couldn’t help turning the circumstances of Marek’s disappearance over in my mind. It was particularly odd that he hadn’t even tried to get in touch with his employer -  if Grimshaw was telling the truth about that. I had no reason to think he wasn’t. Of course, if Marek really had found a way to sleep in front of the Turner painting day and night he wouldn’t have been anywhere near a telephone. I didn’t imagine he could be seen to be on guard during the day anyway; he must have hidden somewhere among the displays during daylight hours and crept out at night to keep his vigil. Perhaps he was managing to snatch some sleep at odd times.
Something else that worried me was that I knew the National Gallery painting was being delivered to the site during this, the final day of preparations. It would hang next to Mr Grimshaw’s Turner: an interesting juxtaposition, as the Turner picture was one of the more experimental of the artist’s works, with a setting sun appearing in the middle of a mass of swirling cloud, the top of a tower apparently hanging in mid-air with cloud and mist cutting off its base, and a couple of railway arches looming in the middle distance. It was believed to be a painting of the South Bank site itself, but more than a hundred years ago of course. Grimshaw was evidently keen for it to be seen and acknowledged by experts from some of the national institutions, but not until he had ceremonially unveiled it in the presence of the royal party.
To celebrate the start of the Festival Flora had graciously agreed to cook dinner in my flat. I hadn’t experienced her cooking before: she had managed to avoid providing food for me up to now, apart from her mother’s fruit cake, which seemed to be designed to keep out the cold during those long Highland winters.
Clemency offered to help. I was sceptical about their ability to create something edible, but they told me to make myself scarce – out of harm’s way – and I spent some time in the office dealing with some business correspondence. Marjorie was banished to the drawing-room to listen to the wireless. Clemency and Flora made a formidable team, I reflected as I worked. I couldn’t imagine a mere man standing up to them. But after a while I couldn’t resist returning to the kitchen to see how they were getting on.
Flora was wrestling with pastry as Clemency, standing at the sink, peeled something. It was a picture of domesticity, and if I hadn’t known them both so well I might have been deceived into thinking they were happy to spend their lives on these traditional female pursuits.
I was about to make a comment which would probably have had me ejected again, when Marjorie burst into the kitchen. It was very unusual for Marjorie to burst in as she usually preferred to open the door a little and then slide round the corner silently.
‘Flora! Something terrible’s happened!’
Flora paused, her hands plunged into the dough almost up to the wrists. ‘What is it? Has the King died?’
It was an awful thing to say, but it was something that had been on everyone’s mind lately.
‘No, of course not!’
Marjorie collapsed on to one of the kitchen chairs. Flora threw the pastry into a dish and wiped her hands before going round to comfort her.
‘Oh, Oliver!’ Marjorie exclaimed as she looked up and saw me, apparently for the first time. ‘It’s the painting.’
‘The painting? Not the Turner?’
She nodded silently. We all stared at her.
‘It was on the wireless,’ she added. ‘The painting’s gone. And there’s still no sign of Mr Grimshaw’s man. The way they put it on the news, it was as if they thought he’d gone off with it.’
‘Oh, God,’ I said, and sat down too. Marjorie and Flora stared at each other. I saw a sense of panic in Marjorie’s eyes, as if the world were falling apart. I pulled myself together for her sake. Flora returned to the pastry, took it out of the dish and started to pummel it again.
‘Is it the picture you were helping to look after?’ said Clemency. 
I nodded mutely. She didn’t need to say that I had failed completely in my task; it was quite obvious to all of us.
Just then the telephone rang in the office.
‘Oh, God,’ I said again, and hurried to answer it.
It was Sir Bentley Sedgwick, and the news was even worse than I had at first thought.
After speaking to him I went back to the kitchen, putting on my jacket as I went. ‘Good to see you’ve got a light hand with the pastry,’ I said to Flora, who was attacking the dough mix as if trying to batter it into submission. ‘I’m going to have to leave you to it, though. I’m needed elsewhere.’
‘Can I come too?’ Flora asked before I could even tell us where I was needed.
‘Sorry, I forgot something,’ I said, ducking out of the room again and returning with her lightweight summer coat. I held it for her to put her arms in the sleeves, once she had cleaned up her hands a bit. ‘You’re coming too. Your friends are sending a car for us. They said it would be here in five minutes.’
Despite the seriousness of the situation she seemed hardly able to contain her glee. I guessed she was pleased not to be relegated to the kitchen.
‘Can I come too?’ said Clemency, chancing her arm. I gave her a look which I hoped she correctly interpreted. The last thing I needed was to have someone else I cared about mixed up in all this.
‘Give me the pastry,’ said Marjorie. ‘I’ll finish the pie and we can have it later. Clemency, there’s a nice piece of steak in the larder. Could you give me a hand, please?’
Clemency gave me a last pleading look, and then gave in. Flora and I went downstairs to wait for the car.
‘Perhaps we should get matching private eye raincoats,’ she said. I gave her a stern look.
 ‘Try not to laugh in the car. This is serious. A man’s life.’
‘A man? Is it Marek?’ All the glee ebbed out of Flora suddenly like water down a plug-hole. ‘Have they found him?’
I nodded grimly.
‘And the painting?’
‘Not yet. That’s why they need you.’
It struck me that they seemed to know the whole story of how Flora had tracked down the Rembrandt. They probably did. But I must help Flora to get rid of her child-like belief that Sir Bentley Sedgwick knew and saw everything. He wasn’t really superhuman. He just had a very effective network of people around him.
A dark car drew up, and the driver opened the passenger doors for us. It was almost like being royalty – except that we didn’t have crowds lining the streets and cheering as we sailed past all the bus queues and people walking their dogs.
Flora’s frivolity had gone now. I explained all I knew in the car as we headed for the South Bank.
‘They’ve found Marek’s body. In the Lion and Unicorn Pavilion. Near where the painting was. That part of it’s quite hush-hush. They don’t want any panic, not with the whole show about to open, and the official ceremony tomorrow.’
‘But they’ve released the part about the theft of the Turner?’
‘Someone tipped off the press about that so they couldn’t do anything about it. But they’ve got all the staff in hand now. And I think we can count on Sir Bentley and his crew to spread disinformation.’
‘What happened? To Marek?’
‘They didn’t say. But presumably it wasn’t natural causes.’
‘Oh, dear. How awful. And poor Katya.’ Flora had managed to summon up pity for the man she had never met, and for his wife, who could not have expected her husband to die violently in a supposedly safe place like England after he had survived unnamed horrors in war-torn Europe.
The car swept through one of the entrances to the South Bank, somewhere near Waterloo Station. 
‘We could pretend to be royalty and wave to people,’ whispered Flora.
I agreed with her that if the situation hadn’t been so grave it would have been fun to do that. There were lots of people staring after the car and some who even tried to peer inside to see who we were. I had heard of famous people being admitted to the site to have a preview in solitary splendor before the hoi-polloi were allowed in. Maybe the onlookers thought we were film stars.
I craned my neck to get a better view of the Skylon. Of course I had caught glimpses of it before, but now it was all finished and surrounded by all the other spectacular feats of architecture and, from the little I could see, by a veritable feast of colour.
‘It looks lovely,’ said Flora, twisting round to have another look at the Dome of Discovery through the rear window of the car. ‘Have you been inside the pavilions?’
‘Only the Lion and Unicorn one. And I wasn’t allowed to go up to the top gallery. It’s just as colourful inside. There’s a white knight. And murals.’
‘A white knight?’
‘Yes, it’s strange, isn’t it? I wonder what made them think of it.’
‘It illustrates the British character,’ said Flora, nodding sagely.
We drew up near the glass front of the pavilion.
‘Here we are,’ I said to Flora. ‘The Lion and Unicorn.’
She could see that for herself as there was a sign right across the front above the entrance, but I had some sort of proprietorial feeling about the place, I suppose because of the time I had spent studying the plans before even coming here.
The car door was opened for us as if we were indeed the King and Queen. Stan came forward to greet us. It seemed he had been awaiting our arrival.
‘Ollie!’ he said to me. ‘Trust you to be mixed up in this.’
‘Hello, Stan,’ I said. 
‘Stan and Ollie? Really?’ Flora couldn’t help saying, of course.
‘Stan, this is my tactless friend Flora Murray.’
Stan and Flora shook hands. He looked harassed. 
‘We’ve got Grimshaw here, breathing fire,’ he said.
‘I’m not surprised,’ I said as we proceeded into the pavilion. A uniformed policeman was at the door. The saying about ‘closing the stable door after the horse has bolted’ ran through my mind. The horse had well and truly gone on the rampage in this case.
‘Just as well you’ve both got security clearance already,’ continued Stan. ‘The royal party are due on site any minute to attend a concert at the Royal Festival Hall – just over there.’ He made a gesture. ‘I wanted to have the whole thing cancelled, but the Palace people said it was impossible.’
We walked through the ground floor, passing various displays.
‘So this is what it’s supposed to be like to be English,’ I said to Flora. She looked at me as if she couldn’t tell if I was being sarcastic or not.
‘Not English,’ she said. ‘British. So it includes the Scots, Welsh and Irish. Even if you’d rather it didn’t.’
‘No need to bristle, sweetheart,’ I said. ‘Everyone’s equal in this new improved Britain – even the Scots.’
If we hadn’t at that moment reached the scene of the crime, I thought she would probably have hit me with her handbag.
Marek was under a blanket, presumably in the same spot where he was found. There was an empty frame on the wall above him, in between a Constable and a small Gainsborough. Grimshaw sat on a chair with his head in his hands nearby. Sir Bentley Sedgwick and his side-kick were conferring a little further along.
‘Cause of death?’ I murmured to Stan.
‘Stab wound to the chest. Expertly delivered. Straight to the heart.’
‘Mr Grimshaw,’ I said. He raised his head and nodded.  His eyes were bleary and his face red and shiny, perhaps from weeping. Next to me, Flora gave a soft little gasp of distress on his behalf.
‘I’m so very sorry this has happened, sir,’ I continued. ‘I can assure you I’ll do everything I can to assist the police and the secret – well, anyone else who has an interest – to bring Marek’s murderer to justice.’
‘Fine words,’ said Mr Grimshaw. ‘If you hadn’t lost track of him the other day this would never have happened.’
‘I can only apologise for that oversight on my part, sir,’ I said, taking refuge in the kind of formal speech we used to use at the Yard. ‘Marek must have been very determined not to be found, however.’
‘Hmph,’ said Mr Grimshaw. He looked down at the blanketed form. ‘That’s no consolation to me and it won’t be any consolation to Katya either.’
Sir Bentley approached.
‘Mr Quest and Miss Murray have special skills in recovering stolen art, sir. They have agreed to put themselves at our disposal until the painting is found.’
‘Have we?’ said Flora, turning to me. 
‘I may have agreed to something along those lines, when I spoke to Sir Bentley on the telephone,’ I told her in a low voice. ‘Best not to argue.’
‘Damn the painting!’ said Mr Grimshaw, banging his stick on the floor. ‘I don’t care about the painting – the death of my friend is far more important to me. As it should be to you.’
‘But the two crimes are no doubt connected, don’t you think?’ said Sir Bentley smoothly. ‘After all, your friend died because he was guarding the picture. Catching one criminal may well result in the capture of the other.’
Mr Grimshaw sat and stared at the ceiling, evidently thinking this over.
‘You may be right, I suppose,’ he conceded at last. He looked round and caught Flora’s eye. He beckoned. ‘Come here.’ She made her way over to him. When she stood just in front of him he said, ‘You’re Miss Murray, I take it? So what are these special skills of yours? I assume they aren’t in traditional female areas?’
‘Miss Murray was in France on secret war work, sir,’ said Sir Bentley. ‘She’s highly trained in various areas. And she has a certain – aptitude – for research and investigation.’
‘All right, then,’ said Mr Grimshaw, dismissing Flora with a wave of his walking-stick. He seemed to think he was the one in control of this case, whereas I knew Sir Bentley must really be in charge. Or more likely Stan and the Metropolitan Police were theoretically in charge and Sir Bentley and his cohorts would be active only behind the scenes.
‘Quest might as well carry on, I suppose,’ he added. ‘Not that he’s been outstandingly successful so far, I must say.’
Stan, standing a few feet away, coughed.
‘Is it all right with everyone if we remove the body for examination now?’
A pained expression crossed Mr Grimshaw’s face. He struggled to his feet.
‘You will treat him with respect, won’t you?’
‘Our medical experts are accustomed to do that in all cases, sir,’ said Stan, who I thought was deeply offended by this.
I wished Mr Grimshaw would leave so that we could find out what we needed to know about the crime without him taking umbrage and trying to take control of everything. I understood from Stan’s tense silence that he probably felt the same.
‘I’d better accompany the body,’ said Mr Grimshaw suddenly.
There was an almost audible collective sigh of relief from the whole group.
‘I’ll send a constable too,’ said Stan. ‘We’ve had to request help from other forces to search the site, but I can spare a man for a few hours. He can take you home – afterwards,’ he said to Mr Grimshaw.
‘Thank you,’ said the older man, inclining his head regally.
Stan escorted him away, no doubt thinking it would be best for everyone if the man left as soon as possible. Now we could concentrate on the real problems.

Chapter 16 Allocating Tasks – Flora
‘May I enquire, sir, what is your interest in this crime?’ said Oliver to Sir Bentley. He was perfectly polite, but I sensed he was somehow uncomfortable in my former colleague’s presence. 
‘I can’t necessarily tell you the whole story,’ said Sir Bentley, and smiled. ‘But I mustn’t tease you, under the circumstances. We’ve been concerned about political activity throughout the construction of the buildings. Above all, we need to ensure the safety of the King, Queen and other dignitaries during the opening ceremonies.’
‘So the police operation to search the site is in your interests too?’
‘Indeed. We’ve offered assistance from MI5. I’ve taken an interest in the whole operation from the start. And as Flora knows, we’ve been monitoring the Festival of Britain offices too.’
‘Mmm,’ said Oliver.
His eyes were scanning the wall where the painting had hung – where the frame still was.
‘Why this one?’ he said, almost to himself. ‘Why not the Constable?’
I coughed to announce that I was about to speak, in case they had forgotten I was there.
‘The Constable is well-known. It’s been hanging in a public gallery for a long time. The Turner – as I understand it, Mr Grimshaw’s picture has been in private hands and may never have been exhibited in public before. The provenance may be doubtful or obscure. It will be easier for thieves to pass it on to a collector or dealer.’
The men turned towards me as I spoke. I glanced at their faces: the expressions ranged from mild surprise to polite attention.
Oliver had probably worked all that out for himself, but I hoped he was suitably grateful to me for articulating it. I wanted to take some of the weight of everyone’s expectation off his shoulders.
‘Thank you, Flora,’ said Sir Bentley. ‘Does that tell us anything about what may have happened to the painting?’
‘It may already be in the hands of someone else – not the person who stole it,’ I suggested.
‘You’re right,’ he said, with an unflattering air of surprise. ‘Now then – how are we going to work this?’
‘If I may say something,’ said Stan, arriving back at a fast pace. Evidently he had been afraid of missing something.
‘Yes?’ said Sir Bentley.
‘This is a police investigation, not an MI5 one. Two serious crimes have been committed.’
‘But the threat to national security,’ began Sir Bentley.
‘Yes, indeed, your people can deal with any perceived threat to the royal party and the VIPs who will be here tomorrow,’ said Stan, holding his ground. ‘But the police will run the criminal investigation.’
I glanced sideways at Oliver, and he raised his eyebrows at me. I tried not to smile.
‘Of course.’ Sir Bentley nodded as if that was what he had expected all along, although knowing him he had hoped to take over. I vaguely wondered if he might invoke the Wassermann situation to give him a suitable pretext to do so. But Wassermann couldn’t be involved in this too. We all knew that.
‘Oliver, may I borrow you for a few minutes?’ said Stan. He must have noticed me preparing to take umbrage, because he added, ‘And Miss Murray, if that’s all right?’
I gave him a big smile. He didn’t give himself such airs as Sir Bentley did, and I decided I might be able to wind him round my little finger, as sometimes happened with Oliver. We retreated to a table and chair that had been set up at one side of the gallery, next to a startlingly colourful crafts display. I glanced up towards the ceiling and saw what looked like a flock of white birds. There were unexpected things everywhere. I wished we had time to view the pavilion and its contents properly.
Stan offered me the chair but I declined. Instead we all stood in a tightly knit group.
‘We can’t conduct the investigation from here,’ he told us. ‘We’re going to have to run it from the Yard. There’ll be people swarming all over the place tomorrow, from the royal party and government ministers downwards. I need to get a team working all night to collect any evidence they can from the site, and after that we’ll have to do it all from outside. It’s a damn nuisance but it seems to be the only way.’
He glanced at Oliver, who was listening intently. ‘Ollie, I’d like to co-opt you and Miss Murray on the art side. You know more about it than anyone else I can think of. If necessary I’ll get you both sworn in as special constables.’
‘Bit of a come-down,’ said Oliver, but he was smiling.
‘But my job…?’ I asked him, still anxious about earning my living although desperate to work with Oliver and to prove myself by finding the picture.
‘Sir Bentley will arrange for you to have paid leave of absence from the Festival of Britain offices for two weeks. He seems to think your particular skills are better employed in this new task.’
They were so cavalier, all these men who were in charge. They just moved people around like pawns on a chess-board. For two pins I would have refused, except that I realised I would be cutting off my nose to spite my face if I did so. Not only would I be turning down the chance to work with Oliver, but I would probably lose my job anyway if I didn’t do this for them. Oliver smiled at me in encouragement, and I nodded to Stan, not entirely trusting myself to speak. 
So Oliver and I found ourselves relegated to the shady end of the art market. I couldn’t deny this was where my particular skills and knowledge belonged: I had been in plenty of back-street shops in my time, some of them in the most run-down, bombed-out, derelict areas of Paris and Amsterdam where men and women tried to scrape a living in the ruins.
We ate the long-awaited pie for supper. Clemency and Marjorie had filled it with meat and potato. I hoped they hadn’t had to throw away my attempt at pastry and start from scratch. They swore they hadn’t, but I wasn’t entirely sure I could believe them.
‘Does this kind of thing happen to you all the time, Oliver?’ said Clemency as the four of us sat, replete, at the kitchen table. Oliver had a small dining-room but he didn’t like to eat in there because it overlooked the walls of the building next-door and was gloomy and cold.
He looked at her with a smile. ‘Not really. Thank God. I thought I’d left it behind when I resigned from the police force.’
‘How about you, Flora?’ said Clemency, sipping at her coffee. I wondered what she was getting at.
‘I’ve never been in the police force,’ I said.
‘I thought you girls had told each other all your secrets,’ said Oliver. ‘You were talking until two in the morning.’
‘I still don’t know everything,’ said Clemency. ‘Flora has lots of layers. You have to excavate them in easy stages.’
‘I don’t think that’s a very flattering comparison,’ said Oliver sharply. ‘I wouldn’t take it any further if I were you, Clemmie.’
‘But it’s a good thing to have lots of layers,’ said Clemency indignantly. ‘It gives people something to think about – it makes people more interesting. Deeper.’
‘There are lots of people with more secrets than me,’ I said. ‘Oliver’s Mr Grimshaw, for one.’
‘Do you think so?’ said Oliver, surprised. ‘He seems to me exactly what he is.’
‘And what’s that?’ said Clemency.
He shrugged. ‘A self-made man. Well-off – he can afford live-in servants. He owns a priceless painting.’
‘I think he may be troubled by an old war wound,’ I said. ‘But he doesn’t want anybody to know about it.’
Oliver stared at me. ‘How on earth did you work that out?’
I shrugged. ‘I’m not completely sure. It could be just rheumatism but it doesn’t seem quite like that.’
‘Where did he get the priceless painting?’ said Clemency, joining in with gusto. ‘Self-made men are often very careful with their money. Why did he spend it on a picture? And what’s the provenance?’
I paused, thinking about these questions. I should have paid more attention. This was supposed to be my area of expertise, and yet I hadn’t given it a thought. But she was right: it was odd for a Turner painting to be almost unknown and in private hands. Was it genuine? Had anybody authenticated it?
Oliver’s brows had drawn together in a frown.
‘For heaven’s sake, you two, Grimshaw’s the victim in all this. He doesn’t deserve to have suspicion cast on him. You’re both talking out of turn.’
‘Oh, come on, Oliver. You must admit it’s all a bit strange,’ said Clemency.
He sprang to his feet suddenly. ‘That’s enough, Clemency! You don’t know what you’re talking about.’
He pushed back his chair and walked out of the room. We stared after him.
‘It is a bit odd though, all the same,’ said the irrepressible Clemency.
Chapter 17 Hatton Garden – Flora
Eventually I followed Oliver into the office and cajoled him into a better mood. I wondered if he himself might be unsure about Grimshaw’s background and was worried about having been taken in by him, and that was why he had flown off the handle. Perhaps it was just as well Clemency had to get back to Cambridge the following day. I could see she took delight in teasing him. 
Even as we said goodbye to her at Liverpool Street Station, she said lightly, ‘Enjoy your sleuthing.’
‘It isn’t a matter of enjoying it,’ said Oliver gravely. ‘There are lives at stake.’
She stuck out her tongue at him inelegantly as the train pulled away from the platform. He had turned away and didn’t see, which was all to the good.
Oliver didn’t seem entirely comfortable as we made our way towards the Holborn area. Perhaps he had experienced something bad there in his early police days, when I knew he had been a constable on the beat, although I found that hard to imagine. He must have progressed up the ranks of the police with unusual speed to have become an inspector by the time I first met him. But I knew he had spent a couple of years in the RAF police during the war, so perhaps that had helped him along a bit. I wondered if it had been the same for his friend Stan.
We decided to start with a couple of dealers I knew already, who were on the right side of the borderline of legality but only just. One of them had started up again from nothing after being bombed out of his shop during the Blitz. I didn’t think either of them would really have wanted anything to do with stolen goods, but I was hoping they might know of someone else who was less scrupulous. 
‘They might have heard about something anyway, even if they haven’t had anything to do with the case themselves,’ said Oliver.
‘I’m not sure if the word will have circulated quite so quickly,’ I said doubtfully as we strolled up Hatton Garden, amusing ourselves by looking in the jeweller’s shops and wondering how people afforded anything in them with everyone’s finances as stretched as they were at that time. I suspected Oliver’s finances weren’t quite as stretched as mine, so I took care not to say anything that suggested I coveted the diamond necklaces and rings too much, in case he thought I was dropping hints.
He took my hand. ‘You look like a child in a sweet-shop.’
‘I’d rather have sweets than diamonds at the moment,’ I told him truthfully. ‘I can’t even remember what it was like before rationing.’
 We turned off towards Leather Lane. It wasn’t market day but I knew at least one of the shops we were looking for would be open anyway. It must be difficult for them, but perhaps they survived by selling things at knock-down prices to people who desperately needed to furnish their homes after losing everything. There were still people who had only just been re-housed after the war. Even if many of them had been moved out of Central London, they might still return to their old haunts to find pieces of furniture and so on.
‘I wonder what the police are doing now,’ said Oliver. I wondered if he now wished he hadn’t resigned from the Force. He was stuck here with me at the unglamorous end of the investigation while his friend and former colleague Stan organised his men to conduct searches and watch Festival visitors and visit the more important dealers.
I didn’t ask him if he wished he were there instead of with me. There was no point in planting this idea in his mind.
I stopped in front of a very tiny shop with dusty windows and a couple of ancient wooden armchairs outside.
‘Not this one, surely,’ he said, peering at it with distaste. ‘It doesn’t look like anything.’
I knew it was even tinier and less impressive than some of the other shops we had visited in London and across Europe when we had worked together the year before in the business of finding lost art, but I felt protective of it and its owner.
‘Don’t let the owner hear you! He’s proud of the way he’s re-built his business. He doesn’t put it all on show – he does a lot of work on the telephone and by visiting clients’ houses.’
‘I see,’ said Oliver. ‘Well, just promise you won’t tell Grimshaw if his precious painting has ended up here. He would never forgive either of us if we found it in such reduced circumstances.’
‘I’m not expecting to find it here,’ I said, pushing the door open with a clang from the bell. ‘This is just one step along the way.’
‘Such a tortuous process,’ he murmured, following me into the dim depths of the shop. 
Was he remembering times when as a policeman he didn’t have to bother with any niceties but could burst into a shop with a group of colleagues and scare the owner into submission? But in reality I didn’t think Oliver would ever have behaved like that. Even if all the rest were being boorish, he would still have remained polite.
The dealer was seated behind a big, old-fashioned desk made of some sort of dark wood. It was so solid it would probably have survived a direct hit in the Blitz. I imagined his ancestors sitting there writing up their accounts in copperplate – or perhaps standing over humble downtrodden clerks who were doing just that, as in ‘A Christmas Carol’, while the meagre fire burned down to ashes in the grate and their fingers gradually froze. I shivered at the thought.
‘Are you all right?’ whispered Oliver, at my elbow.
I nodded. 
‘Mr Fitzroy?’
The dealer glanced up from his paperwork for a moment and glared at us.
‘A moment, please.’
We waited. Oliver, impatient as ever, started to wander round the shop. When he touched a small gong, the dealer, with eyes apparently in the back of his head, snapped, ‘Don’t touch unless you’re going to buy.’
Oliver snatched his hand back as if the gong had been red-hot.
At last the dealer turned to me. ‘Miss Flora Murray. I remember now. Did you ever find that Rembrandt?’
‘Yes, I did, Mr Fitzroy. But I don’t have it now.’
‘Hmm, pity.’ He came out from behind the desk. He was rather a gnome-like figure, gnarled and a bit hunched, but his eyes were full of bright intelligence. ‘Going to introduce me to your friend?’
‘Mr Fitzroy, Oliver Quest,’ I said.
They shook hands, which seemed over-formal but suited them both.
‘I suppose you want something from me?’ said Mr Fitzroy sadly. ‘And you won’t want to pay for it, whatever it is?’
‘Just some information,’ I said.
He shook his head. ‘Always the same. Something for nothing. Can I interest you in a lovely antique writing desk for your home?’
‘I don’t really have a home,’ I said without thinking about it. I hoped he didn’t think I was seeking his sympathy. That wasn’t what I needed.
Oliver looked in the direction of Mr Fitzroy’s outstretched hand. ‘That’s nice,’ he said, going over for a closer look. ‘Cherry wood, isn’t it?’
‘It is indeed, Mr Quest. I like a man who appreciates fine wood. Would you like to make me an offer first?’
‘I would, but Flora will probably stamp on my toes if I waste any more time,’ said Oliver with a grin. ‘We’re here to ask you about a missing picture.’
‘I don’t have anything to do with criminals,’ said Mr Fitzroy, giving him a look. But he must have guessed Oliver didn’t mean that, otherwise he would have asked us to leave straight away.
‘We only want to ask a hypothetical question,’ I assured him.
‘Well, you can only ask,’ he said with a shrug.
‘Where would you go,’ said Oliver, who I could tell was trying to choose his words very carefully, ‘if you accidentally found yourself with a painting you couldn’t sell through normal channels?’
‘My honest answer would be, I’d go to the police,’ said Mr Fitzroy. ‘But I don’t think that’s the answer you want.’
‘No,’ said Oliver, watching the man intently.
‘So you expect me to incriminate one of my colleagues in the trade, do you? Tell me, Mr Quest, are you a policeman by any chance?’
‘Not any more,’ said Oliver. ‘We don’t have to mention your name to anyone in connection with this. Our service is completely confidential.’
Mr Fitzroy seemed sceptical, but he didn’t quibble. After a pause he replied, ‘In that case, I would say that my first port of call – were I not entirely honest, which of course I am – might be in Camden Town. I have a friend there, Mr Demetriou, who of course is also completely honest, but I know of some others in the vicinity who may not be quite so scrupulous. I believe he may even have had some trouble with them.’
‘Do you think he might be willing to speak to us?’ asked Oliver. ‘Can you give us any kind of an introduction?’
‘That’s possible,’ said Mr Fitzroy. He returned to his desk and ferreted around in the pigeon-holes, bringing out and rejecting several envelopes and documents. Eventually he held up a business card. ‘This is his card. I’ll write a note on the back for you.’
He handed the card to Oliver once he’d finished writing. ‘Keep an eye on the girl,’ he warned. ‘Don’t let her wander off on her own.’
‘I won’t,’ said Oliver. Of course I immediately wanted to make a break for it. But I didn’t argue at that point. I couldn’t help wondering, though, as we headed northwards from Leather Lane, whether this would turn out to be a heroic odyssey or a wild-goose-chase.
Chapter 18 Camden Town - Oliver
Flora wanted to catch the bus up to Camden Town, but I persuaded her to walk, not that the weather was entirely conducive to this. I wanted to clear my head before we plunged into another antique shop. There was something about these places that seemed suspicious and underhand even if it wasn’t. And I hadn’t been too pleased by Fitzroy’s warning not to touch either. I hoped we would find some real information soon. It was all very vague so far, with no definite leads.
Within fifteen minutes or so we were splashing through the puddles on Euston Road as we dodged the traffic, and in another fifteen we had passed through the worst of the bomb sites and arrived at our destination. We didn’t say very much to each other during the walk, but it wasn’t because we were at odds over anything. I thought it was quite the opposite, that our thoughts were so much in tune with each other’s that we didn’t have to express them in words.
Mr Demetriou had a small discreet shop in Camden High Street. Evidently it wasn’t quite discreet enough, for I noticed a panel in the door was boarded up as if the glass had been smashed, and there was a sign on the door saying ‘please ring for attention’, so it seemed he didn’t entirely welcome customers.
I rang the bell and we waited.
The door opened a little way and we saw a face in the gap.
‘Yes?’
‘Mr Demetriou?’ I said.
‘Yes. What do you want?’
‘We’ve come from Mr Fitzroy’s. In Leather Lane. Here.’
I passed the business card with its brief message of reassurance through the gap; the man at the other side of the door took it and spent a while studying it. 
‘Come in. Quickly,’ he said at last, taking the chain off the door. He opened it just a little wider and we squeezed through. I went first in case it turned out we were walking into a spider’s parlour. It was just a shop, however, much like Fitzroy’s apart from the panel of wood replacing the glass in the door. And the shotgun leaning against the counter. I didn’t ask him if it was legal. That wasn’t my job these days.
On closer inspection the contents of the shop were dustier and the quality not quite as good as that in Fitzroy’s shop. I got the feeling Mr Demetriou was living in reduced circumstances, as indeed were quite a lot of people since the war.
He locked and bolted the door behind us.
‘Come into the back room,’ he said urgently. ‘Otherwise they’ll see us through the window.’
The likelihood of anyone seeing us through the smeared, cobwebby window was rather small, but we complied with his wishes anyway. The back room was full of cardboard boxes.
‘Are you moving out?’ I asked.
He glared. ‘If only I could, Mr Quest. What did Fitzroy tell you?’
‘He said you might be able to help us,’ said Flora. He glared at her too.
‘I’ve got enough problems of my own without taking on anybody else’s,’ he grumbled. ‘Well, what do you want? I haven’t got all day.’
It looked very much as if he did have all day, but I didn’t say anything about that.
He offered Flora a hard chair, took a softer one himself and left me standing about feeling as if I were in the way.
‘Fitzroy said you might know of someone who would be able to sell a picture with a doubtful provenance,’ I said, trying to be discreet.
He frowned. ‘I would never do such a thing, Mr Quest. Fitzroy knows that. Why did he send you to me? Has someone suggested I would do that?’
‘Certainly not, Mr Demetriou,’ I said. ‘He just thought you might have heard something about such a person.’
He squirmed around in his chair as if thoroughly uncomfortable, and at last he said, ‘No, I can’t help you. He was mistaken if he thought I could.’
I was convinced he was lying.
Flora leaned across and put her hand on his arm. ‘Please don’t distress yourself, Mr Demetriou. We know you’re honest and trustworthy. Anyone can see that, just by looking at you… But I’m not sure you’re happy in this neighbourhood any longer.’
He sat back in the chair, more relaxed now. ‘It’s gone downhill since the war. There are gangs. We never had them here before.’
‘Has anyone been trying to intimidate you?’ said Flora gently.
‘I’m not easily intimidated – Miss Murray, is it?’
She nodded. ‘I can see you’re not. But it can’t be easy, standing up to them on your own.’
He shrugged. ‘It could be worse. In the East End, in the thirties – that was bad. Everyone thought I must be Jewish, you know. The Black Shirts used to march past our shop. Evil walking the streets in broad daylight…This is just youngsters throwing their weight about. It’s different.’
‘The shotgun?’ I said, glancing in that direction.
‘Oh, that’s just for show,’ he said.
‘Be careful they don’t take it and turn it against you,’ I warned him. I knew if Stan were here, he would be attempting to confiscate the weapon. The last thing the police wanted was gun warfare in areas like this. Or anywhere else, for that matter.
‘Listen,’ he said suddenly to Flora. ‘You didn’t hear this from me, but I think there could be something going on at Fred Worthington’s old place. It was a greengrocer’s when his family owned it, but he died during the bad winter – ’47, was it? – and then this other crowd took it over and turned it into some kind of a pawn shop. It’s popular with the Irish: they never have enough money to last them the week. But I’m not sure but what there might be something else going on in there. There’s coming and going in the night. After hours. I think it wants looking into.’
‘Hmm,’ I said. It didn’t sound like the kind of place I could take Flora into. I wasn’t even very tempted to go inside myself, if it came to that. ‘Where is this pawn shop?’
‘Round the corner. Camden Road. The double-fronted shop with the pawnbroker’s sign outside. Don’t tell them I sent you. I wouldn’t take the girl either.’
Flora hated being called a girl, although she was a young-looking twenty-eight-year-old. I, on the other hand, rather liked it. I smiled to myself. She got up from her chair in that moment, kicking my foot as she did so. I was sure it wasn’t accidental.
‘I won’t take the girl,’ I said. ‘In fact, I doubt if I’ll go round there today. We’ve got some other leads to follow up.’
He looked relieved. Perhaps he imagined the other leads would take us far from him and his poky little shop. I wasn’t so sure.
I suggested to Flora we take the trolley bus as far as King’s Cross Station, but she refused. She was in that sort of mood. We passed the damaged façade of Camden Town underground station and walked on towards Regent’s Park, skirting the Zoo and crossing the grass by one of the paths we knew. This was more or less a shortcut back to Baker Street.
Flora was quiet until we got to the boating lake. Then she said suddenly, ‘Why didn’t you want to go into the pawn shop just now? Was it because of me?’
‘No, of course not!’ I exclaimed, perhaps a little too heartily, though of course it had been mainly because of her. ‘I thought we had better report back to Stan and the others before we did anything more. The shops will be closing any minute now, anyway.’
‘Don’t forget I was in more dangerous situations than this during the war,’ she said. ‘I’m not afraid of some old greengrocer.’
‘It’s not the old greengrocer I’m worried about,’ I said. ‘And anyway, I think Demetriou said he had died in the bad winter. It’s whoever else is running the place now. They could be up to anything. Gun-running, fencing stolen goods right, left and centre, smuggling people across Europe… Anything you can think of.’
‘But you don’t know that. It might all be above-board.’
‘I’m not willing to take that chance,’ I said. ‘It isn’t worth it… Anyway,’ I added on an inspired guess, ‘the police might be keeping an eye on them already. We don’t want to go jumping into the middle of it and upsetting the apple-cart.’
‘I suppose not,’ she said, subdued.
As we left the park again, I glanced at her. She had that suspiciously meek expression on her face. ‘Flora,’ I said. ‘Don’t forget we’re working together on this. It isn’t a good time to strike out on your own. I don’t want to have to come to your rescue.’
‘Of course, girls always need to be rescued sooner or later,’ she commented.
I should have known what she would do next.
Chapter 19 Girlish Pursuits - Flora
Being called a girl twice within a couple of hours was really too much. And having Oliver fussing over my safety was unbearable. I just had to take the law into my own hands. And it wasn’t such a big risk, after all.
When we got back to the flat Oliver telephoned his friend Stan and was told to come along to a meeting at Scotland Yard the following day. Evidently the police would be continuing to search the site overnight, although of course it had now been trampled by the feet of hundreds of visitors on the first day of opening. I half-wished we could have been among those pleasure-seeking hundreds. It would have been so much more fun to see the Skylon and the pavilions and the Dome of Discovery and all the wonderfully colourful things at the South Bank through their eyes, uncomplicated by all the paperwork I’d been doing, by Oliver’s dealings with Mr Grimshaw and of course by the murder and the theft of the picture.
Stan’s men, Oliver said, had also followed up enquiries about the painting, but through official channels. They hadn’t come up with anything yet.
Marjorie had bought some sausages and we had them with mash. It seemed quieter without Clemency around. I found myself wondering when we would see her again. I had no sisters and few female friends. There was Marjorie, of course, but although we had now grown closer, she didn’t entirely fill the gap, being more of a stand-in mother than anything else.
Perhaps Oliver would prefer Clemency to keep her distance. She did seem to encourage the mischievous, frivolous side of me.
‘So,’ he said once we were eating the lovely little banana custards Marjorie had made us for pudding, ‘we’ll wait until after I’ve spoken to Stan before we follow up on today’s leads.’
He said it in a kind of ‘Funf has spoken’ way which got my back up again.
I didn’t even ask if I could go to the meeting at Scotland Yard with him. It would only have started an argument, and I had other plans in any case.
The following morning, once I was sure he must be at least halfway to his destination, I put on my coat and slipped out of the front door. I didn’t even tell Marjorie I was going out, in case she wanted to come with me. I was accustomed to taking responsibility for my own safety, but I certainly didn’t want to have to look after her. I wondered if that was how Oliver felt about me.
I didn’t like having to deceive Marjorie – and perhaps worrying her too – and I almost went back to tell her where I was going, but instead I hardened my heart and headed for the bus stop near Baker Street underground station. She would probably assume I was going to catch up with Oliver on the way to Scotland Yard. I couldn’t remember if she had been in the room while we were discussing the meeting with Stan or not.
I felt like a child playing truant as the bus trundled along Euston Road. I decided to get off at King’s Cross Station and take the trolley-bus up to Camden High Street. I had plenty of time to think of a strategy. I decided it would be foolhardy to go into the pawn-shop; instead I would watch from a safe distance, preferably from a café or restaurant, and see if I could discern a pattern of suspicious activity. I imagined a series of shady-looking men with their coat collars turned up, giving a secret knock at the door before being admitted to the shop by an unshaven hoodlum who was employed as a kind of guard dog by the owners.
The first part of this plan worked well. I found a café that more or less satisfied my requirements, although it was a little less cosy than I had imagined it might be, and settled down in the window seat with my morning coffee to watch the comings and goings across the road at the pawn-shop.
The waitress, a brassy blonde in a floral dress which was too tight around the top and billowed out round her waist in a style that had been fashionable a season or two ago, was pleasant enough. She brought me a plate of biscuits on request, and didn’t complain when I asked for a second cup of coffee after about an hour of my vigil. At that stage there were no other customers, so I didn’t think she would mind if I stayed at the window all day. I would have to leave in time to be home before Oliver, though. I guessed the meeting at the Yard would take up at least the whole morning, then there was lunch, then he might walk home, which he liked to do if he had lunched out, or perhaps they would all go and visit the scene of the crime again for some reason. I decided I probably had until about three o’clock in the afternoon before he even noticed I was gone. There must be some useful information I could pick up during that time.
The pawn shop was so quiet that I wondered how it stayed in business at all. Nothing happened for the first three hours I was there. Then, just as I had ordered a sandwich for my lunch, there was a flurry of activity. I craned my neck to see what was happening.
Two burly men were coming along Camden Road from the direction of the damaged underground station. They reached the door of the pawn-shop just as another, smaller man dashed out of it. When he saw them, he dived back in. They tried to follow and were intercepted in the doorway by a fourth man, this one only of medium height but with an air of authority. Perhaps he was the owner of the shop. He glanced all round as if looking to see if anyone was watching, then something was exchanged between him and the two new arrivals. I couldn’t quite see – I leaned just a little further forward and knocked over my cup. There was only half an inch or so of coffee left in it, but it made a lot of noise and as I stood up to try and assess the damage, I brushed against the lace curtain that framed the café window, and caught it on one of my buttons. I found when I stepped back that I was dragging the whole curtain aside with me. 
The waitress came along at that stage, mopped up the small amount of spilt coffee and freed my button so that I could sit down again. 
‘May I have a cup of tea now?’ I asked sheepishly.
She stared at me. ‘If you don’t mind my asking, are you going to sit there all day? Only I have somebody who comes in every day, regular as clockwork, for tea and cakes at half past two. He likes to have that table by the window.’
I felt as if she was throwing me out, but I glanced at my watch and it was only two o’clock. 
‘I’ve got half an hour, then,’ I said. ‘I’ll stay a bit longer.’
She brought me the tea, placing it in front of me with a grudging thump. ‘Just see you do finish it by half past, that’s all. That’ll be half a crown altogether, counting the sandwich.’
I glanced out through the window again. Two men were still there: the one I thought was the pawn-shop owner and one of the others. I wondered where the third one had gone. I didn’t want to push the curtain aside to get a better view in case it fell down on my head or otherwise attracted attention.
I heard the café door ping as it opened. I half-turned, expecting to see someone come in, but there was nobody there. Then I noticed the waitress had gone out. As I watched, she crossed the road and started to speak to the two men. It wasn’t until I noticed she was gesturing in my direction that I started to feel uneasy. 
How stupid I had been to imagine myself invisible! My antics with the coffee dregs and the lace curtain would have attracted attention if nothing else had. This wasn’t the kind of café where people sat all day: I should have known that from the level of activity that I had observed while I was sitting there. 
The most annoying thing was that Oliver had been quite right all along. I shouldn’t have come here on my own. I should have waited for him to finish his boring deliberations with Stan and then done whatever they had determined between them I should do.
I left the money on the table, got my things together and went to the door, still struggling with my summer coat. The left sleeve was dangling as I opened the door, but that was the least of my worries. One of the burly men had crossed the road and stood there in front of me. He was even burlier close to, and I stopped in my tracks.
I saw that the waitress had finished her conversation in front of the pawn-shop and was coming towards us too. As she approached, she said to me, ‘Don’t you come back. We don’t want your sort around here.’
‘Don’t worry, Mavis, we’ll take care of that,’ said the burly man.
‘Bring her over here, Roy,’ called the man I had identified as the owner of the pawn-shop. I noticed his strong Irish accent. I wondered if he ran the gangs that Mr Demetriou was so afraid of.
But I had something else to worry about now. I had to make a move before it was too late.
I tried to dodge past the burly man but he stuck out an arm that hit me across the chest as I ran. I swerved away and tried the other side, but the same thing happened. I was winded now and starting to panic. Then I saw a very welcome sight. My eyes widened, and the man turned round to see what I was looking at.
Oliver was running towards us, the grimmest possible expression on his face, brows drawn down blackly above his eyes, mouth set in a firm line.
I seized the opportunity to wriggle under the man’s arm and dart away along the High Street. But just as I thought I would reach Oliver in time for the two of us to make our getaway together, three other men suddenly dashed into the traffic on Camden High Street, arrived at our side and grabbed Oliver by the arms.
I must have sobbed aloud. I was only a few yards away from them, but they were dragging Oliver away, one of them pulling at his hair to force his head back as the others took an arm each.
‘Let him go!’ I screamed. I thought some passer-by was sure to stop and help, but even in broad daylight nobody wanted to get involved. Who were these men and what hold did they have on everybody in the locality?
He resisted with all his might, but they managed to drag him halfway across the busy road, holding him there as the traffic found its way round them. My heart was in my mouth. Was there a telephone anywhere nearby from which I could call the police?
Two things happened almost at the same time. 
There was a clanging sound and a police car hurtled round the corner much too fast, only just avoiding a collision with a butcher’s boy on a bicycle; and the three men flung Oliver forward into the path of a trolley-bus, and then made a run for it themselves. Brakes screeched. I closed my eyes and tried to close my ears too. I didn’t want to hear Oliver’s dying groans or someone breaking the bad news to me, or even the sound of an ambulance arriving on the scene.
A crash. The clatter of running feet. Men shouting and whistles blowing. Silence.
It was only a few moments later that someone said to me, ‘Flora. Open your eyes now.’
Chapter 20 In Trouble - Oliver
I could hardly believe it when Marjorie told me Flora had slipped out hours ago and hadn’t come back. I had fondly imagined the discussion about whether we should go to the pawn-shop had been closed by our discussion on the subject. Obviously I still had a lot to learn about how her mind worked. 
The meeting at the Yard hadn’t added much to the sum of human knowledge. Stan told me the search of the South Bank site, cut short as it had to be by the arrival of all the dignitaries for the official opening, had revealed nothing new. The contractors and employees would all now have to be questioned, a task that would take almost the rest of the week. A few of them hadn’t turned up in response to being summoned to their local police stations, and it was going to be difficult to track them down for interviews. Stan was fatalistic about this: he thought it was only to be expected among a group of builders, carpenters and decorators, especially these days with lots of opportunities for them to get work in reconstruction. In reply to my question he told me that yes, quite a few Irishmen had worked on the Festival site, and quite likely some of these had lived in Camden Town, where there was a large Irish population. At least that was a tenuous link to the place we had been the day before, and a reason for us to go on looking there. Stan warned me to take great care.
‘If you can manage to leave Flora at home the next time you go there, so much the better,’ he said. ‘It’s no place for a woman. Even if she does consider herself better than a man in some ways.’
‘That’s because she is better,’ I said.
He gave a half-hearted laugh and didn’t say any more on the subject. I knew Stan’s wife was a perfect little home-maker who kept everything spotless and who was always feeding him up and nagging at him about the hours he worked. The only reason I had bumped into him at the club that day was that she had been at her mother’s on a short visit.
I couldn’t imagine Flora living that kind of life, and in truth I didn’t want her to. She would be like a caged bird, fluttering against the bars and longing for freedom.
I thought about her as I sat on the bus home from Scotland Yard. I looked forward to passing on Stan’s news, and teasing her again about her pastry-making skills. I called to her as I opened the door of the flat, but it was Marjorie who came out of the drawing-room. I could hear the wireless on in the background. She had a feather-duster in her hand.
‘Oh dear,’ she said. ‘I thought it was Flora.’
‘She’s gone out, has she?’
Marjorie looked extremely guilty. She hung her head, and the feather duster went limp in her hand, the feathers flopping on the end of the stick as if they felt guilty too. ‘I don’t suppose she meant to be so long. I thought she’d be back before you.’
I felt the anger building up inside me. 
‘Damn it – sorry, Marjorie – why can’t she just do as she’s told?’
There was a pause. I wanted to bang my head against the wall or do something violent and stupid to dissipate my anger, but I was conscious of not wanting to frighten Marjorie.
‘I don’t suppose she said where she was going?’
Marjorie shook her head. 
‘It’s all right, Marjorie. I know where she’ll be.’
‘Where’s that?’ said Marjorie.
‘Exactly where I told her not to go. I suppose I’d better go after her… Marjorie, could you do something for me? Can you call this number at Scotland Yard?’ I handed her one of Stan’s business cards. ‘Tell Stan to send help to Camden High Street as soon as possible. Tell them there’s a serious risk to life and property.’
‘Risk to life? Is Flora in danger?’
‘She will be when I catch up with her,’ I said grimly, and left on that dramatic note, jamming on the hat I had just taken off and slamming the door behind me.
I would have liked to run all the way to Camden Town, but there was a bus just arriving at the stop so I got on it. We trundled past the bomb-sites around Mornington Crescent again. I wished fervently that Flora were at my side this time instead of engaging in heroics elsewhere. I thought she would be at the pawn-shop, but when I jumped off the bus I saw her at once, cowering against the wall of a grubby-looking café with a brute of a man standing over her. She tried to get past him once but he blocked her way with a powerful arm. Then she saw me. Somehow she distracted his attention and dodged past him, but in the same moment I found myself flung almost to the ground in an onslaught from two – no, three other men who had come at me from the other side of the road. They dragged me upright. One of them got hold of me by the hair and forced my head up so that they could get a good look at me.
‘Sure it’s Quest all right,’ he grunted. I barely had time to wonder how he knew me before they dragged me out into the road, paused in the middle with taxi cabs and buses passing on both sides, and then with a great heave they pushed me right into the path of a large vehicle. I didn’t have time to see what it was, but I acted instinctively, protecting my head with my arms and rolling sideways as if I had been landing after a parachute descent. I hoped I had got out of the way of the vehicle, whatever it was. I heard a screech of brakes and a crash nearby as I rolled over in the direction of the kerb and, slightly to my own surprise, found myself miraculously not crushed to death or, it seemed, badly injured.
I heard the familiar sound of the bell of a police car amid the hubbub. Then someone stood over me shouting. Then there was more shouting, and the noise of police whistles. I gradually uncurled and stood up, facing the pavement. I took a step forward for safety, then turned to survey the scene.
A car had stopped inches from where my huddled body had landed. In stopping it had evidently skidded and collided with a trolley-bus, which was stationary at the other side of the car. I worked out that the man standing over me and shouting was the car driver. The bus driver was in the process of extricating himself from his own cab, and the conductor was on his way over. The police were swarming all around, shepherding people into neat lines on the pavement.
I couldn’t see Flora anywhere.
Surely she hadn’t been captured after all and been spirited away somewhere while this had been going on?
Ignoring the voices around me and the shaking in my limbs, I made my way round the bus and saw her at last. She stood almost in the same spot where I had last seen her, but the man who had been with her had now disappeared – either arrested or scared away by the appearance of the police. As I approached her, I saw that her eyes were tightly closed, and her face was very pale, almost white. Her lips, also pale, seemed to be moving – was she praying? I hadn’t any idea whether that was something she did or not.
‘Flora. Open your eyes now,’ I said.
She opened her eyes slowly, as if afraid of what she might see. She swayed and her skin turned a bit green, and that was when I stepped forward and pulled her to me.
‘You’re – real,’ she said after a moment, raising her head and gazing up at me. ‘Oliver.’
I gasped and laughed at the same time, which resulted in a sort of choking sound.
‘Are you all right?’ she whispered.
‘What do you think? My arms and legs are still working anyway.’
‘I thought you were under that bus,’ she said, still in that low, shocked voice. 
It was at that moment that I began to grasp how much I meant to her. In spite of everything, a surge of sheer joy washed over me.
‘You’d better sit down,’ I said prosaically.
‘I’ll be all right – if I hold on to you,’ she said, clutching at my arms with her slender elegant fingers. ‘Hadn’t you better sit down, anyway? Are you sure you’re all right?’
I had forgotten all about being angry with her until Stan arrived at a run.
‘I think we got them all,’ he said to me. He frowned down at Flora. ‘Miss Murray, I hope this will be a lesson to you. This kind of situation isn’t where a girl – a young lady - should find herself.  I don’t mind having you on board to help with the desk work and the deductions, but I’d like you to promise that if we let you assist with that side of things you won’t go off on your own and do anything foolhardy in future. You endangered my friend Ollie’s life here and I can’t risk that happening again.’
‘I promise I won’t do that again,’ said Flora meekly.
He stared at her for a moment, and then said to me, ‘I need a word with you, Ollie – in private.’
‘Flora should sit down,’ I said.
‘Miss Murray can wait in one of the cars,’ he said.
I detached Flora’s hands from my sleeves and led her to the police car Stan indicated. I didn’t think she would disappear on another unofficial mission for a while, at least.
‘I don’t think she really meant that promise,’ he said to me as soon as we were out of earshot.
‘No, I don’t think she did either.’
‘You’d better give her a bit of a talking-to,’ he suggested. ‘She seems to think she’s indestructible just because she happened to survive the war. I think you’re being too soft on her.’
‘I’m not her father, Stan. Flora’s a mature woman who makes up her own mind. If you tell her what to do, she just goes and does the opposite out of contrariness.’
He sighed. The concept of a woman who thought and acted independently was foreign to him, I could tell. Personally I was willing to accept that being with Flora was bound to involve an element of danger. Stan didn’t seem to have taken the same lesson I had from our wartime RAF experience: I had seen the impermanence and fragility of life, and I knew there were no guarantees that any of us would be around tomorrow, so there was very little point in trying to avoid all risk.
‘Anyway,’ I added to take his mind off Flora, ‘something rather odd happened in the middle of all that, and I think you should know about it.’
‘The whole thing was rather odd,’ he said. ‘We’ve had to arrest the waitress from that café just behind you. She tried to get us to let her go. Said she had only gone across the road to take a cup of tea to her friend in the wool shop, but a witness told us she was in cahoots with the Irish lot from the pawn-shop and was talking to them just before it all started up.’
‘But one of them knew who I was,’ I told him. ‘He said my name - something like, yes it’s Quest. But I’d never seen him before in my life.’
‘Maybe you mis-heard. Some of them have very strong accents.’
‘No, it was definitely my name.’
‘I expect you’re famous throughout the underworld from your time at the Yard,’ he suggested with a faint smile.
I scratched my head. ‘I suppose it could be somebody I’d arrested in the past. But he seemed to somehow – want it to be me. I don’t know how to explain it better than that.’
‘Maybe you were spotted yesterday when you went to see Mr Demetriou.’
I still found it puzzling. I hadn’t been exactly well-known during my stint at Scotland Yard. I had liked it that way. If gangsters had been able to recognise me at a glance I wouldn’t have been able to mingle with crowds and pick up stray snatches of information.
Stan asked his driver to take us home soon after that. He said he would keep us up to date with the investigation but that we should have a rest the following day. ‘You might get delayed shock,’ he said to me just before closing the car door on us.
‘That’s something to look forward to, then,’ I said.
I took Flora’s hand and squeezed it.
‘What did Stan want?’ she asked.
‘He’s angry with you. I think he’d quite like to lock you up and throw away the key.’
‘Oh dear.’ Her mouth turned down at the corners. ‘I’m sorry. This was all my fault, wasn’t it?’
‘Probably,’ I said to her, smiling. ‘But you never know - it could make all the difference to the case. I’m glad we both came out of it all right, though.’
‘I’ll cook something nice for supper,’ she said.
‘With pastry?’
‘No, that would take too long,’ she said. She squeezed my hand back, glancing up at me. Her eyes had regained their sparkle. ‘I thought of trying suet pudding next.’
Chapter 21 Recovery - Oliver
I was still asleep on the sofa in the office the next morning when the telephone rang. It took me a moment to work out what the noise was; the sound had entered my dream as a police car arriving at a scene of devastation left by an exploding pudding in a kitchen.
I must have sounded half-asleep when I answered. It was Stan, in a state of agitation.
‘I think we’ve got it.’
‘What?’
‘The picture, of course! What else would it be?’
‘Was it at the Irish pawn-shop?’
I yawned, trying not to let him hear it, and ran a hand through my hair.
‘Were you still asleep just now? Do you know what time it is?’
‘Advantage of not being a policeman any more, Stan. I can sleep for as long as I like… What was that about the picture?’
His voice was cagey. ‘It isn’t in a very good state, I’m afraid. But I thought you could come round to the Yard and help us identify it. Make sure it’s the right one before old Grimshaw sees it.’
‘It’s unrecognisable?’
‘Not quite. You’ll see what I mean soon enough.’
‘So was it at the pawn-shop?’
‘Not exactly. I’ll tell you later.’
‘I don’t suppose I can bring Flora with me, can I?’
‘Better not. The fewer people who see this, the better.’ To give Stan his due, he did sound rather regretful. But I could understand his caution. If something had happened to the Turner, the repercussions were likely to happen at the highest level. He wouldn’t want to have to justify involving civilians any more than he had to.
Flora was in the kitchen with Marjorie. I supposed it was too much to hope that she was receiving cookery lessons. 
She got up from her chair and gave me a kiss. ‘Hello, sleepyhead.’
‘You’d be a sleepyhead too if you’d been pushed under a bus,’ I said. Marjorie looked aghast at this reference to yesterday’s events, but Flora just laughed.
‘Are you going out?’ she said. ‘I heard the telephone.’
‘Yes, I’ve got to go round to Scotland Yard for something. I did ask if you could come too, but Stan’s in a secretive mood, and he doesn’t want too many civilians involved. I’ll tell you all about it later.’
I half-expected rebellion, or the threat of it. 
‘Don’t be too long,’ said Flora unexpectedly. ‘I think we should take a day off and go out somewhere.’
She had an enigmatic expression on her face. I didn’t think she was planning anything bad, so I went off to meet Stan in a light-hearted frame of mind.
That feeling disappeared entirely when he unrolled the canvas on the desk in his office.
‘My God!’
‘Exactly.’
It was unmistakably Grimshaw’s Turner. But right across the middle in red paint were scrawled the words ‘Sieg Heil’.
‘It must have been done before the painting was rolled,’ I said, looking at it more closely. The red emulsion paint had run in places before drying, so it was as uneven as if it had been written in blood, with drips and smears adding to the horrible effect. To make matters worse, at some point the canvas had become wet, and had only partially dried, adding water stains to the damage.
‘Bad, isn’t it?’ said Stan with grim satisfaction.
‘It’s appalling. It needs urgent conservation work, and even that might not be enough to save it… Did you find it in the street?’
‘Crammed into a drainpipe,’ he said.
I wondered about the words on the picture. They didn’t seem like the kind of message Irish gangsters would want to convey.
‘Any thoughts about the phrase they used?’ I asked him.
He shrugged his shoulders. ‘There’s no knowing why they chose the words. Some of the Irish were on Hitler’s side, of course. On principle. Because they wanted us to lose the war.’
‘But I would have thought that was water under the bridge now. A lost cause. You’d think this must have been written by someone who actually worked for the Nazis and didn’t want to give up.’
‘Or it was just some lunatic who wanted to ruin the painting,’ said Stan. ‘Or somebody who had it in for Grimshaw. It’s well known his company made parts for our aircraft during the war. It could be a message specifically aimed at him.’
‘But again, that’s water under the bridge, isn’t it?’ I argued.
‘Anyway, somebody’s got to break the news to Grimshaw,’ he said, giving me a significant stare. 
‘I see. That’s why you wanted me here.’
‘Well, you were the one in charge of the security of his picture, Ollie. I think this is part of your job.’
I sighed. It was going to be difficult.
‘I’d better go and see him at home first. Prepare the ground before I bring him in to show him it. What do you think?’
‘That’s what I hoped you’d say,’ he said, slapping me on the back just a little too hard. I guessed that giving me this task was partly his revenge for the trouble Flora had caused him and his men. On the other hand, presumably they wouldn’t have recovered the painting at all if it hadn’t been for the raid in Camden Town.
‘Did you find it near the pawn-shop?’ I asked, thinking about this.
He nodded grudgingly. ‘It was in the drainpipe at the café. Your girl-friend was sitting only a few feet away from it all day.’
I didn’t know if I would ever feel quite the same way towards Stan again after all the comments he had made about Flora. But then, he probably didn’t feel the same about me either now that I was a civilian.
With a heavier heart this time, I came out of Scotland Yard and turned my footsteps towards the nearest bus stop to catch a bus towards Hampstead. 
My steps slowed to a dawdle as I climbed towards Grimshaw’s house. I would very much have preferred to be setting off to the top of nearby Parliament Hill with Flora at my side. I recalled she wanted to go out somewhere for the rest of the day. I would try and get away from Grimshaw as quickly as possible, though I had a feeling he wouldn’t let me go until he had a full explanation and perhaps an escort to Scotland Yard too.
Katya answered my ring at the front door. She was all swathed in black from head to toe, and she wouldn’t look me in the eye but averted her gaze from mine as she said,
‘Mr Grimshaw is at home. This way, please.’
There were no offers of coffee and bagels today. Grimshaw was sitting upstairs in the room where he had kept the painting before. The velvet curtain still hung there on its brass rail, looking ridiculous. I hoped some day he would at least get the picture back, even if it still bore faint traces of the vandalism.
I walked round and stood in front of him, hat in hands: Katya hadn’t offered to take it from me.
‘Good morning, Quest,’ said Grimshaw. He seemed diminished by what had happened, or perhaps it was just that he was seated while I stood, so I found myself looking down at the thinning patch of hair on top of his head. He grabbed his stick and hoisted himself to his feet. ‘I have the feeling you’ve come with bad news. Though God knows nothing can be worse than Marek’s death.’
‘I do have news,’ I said cautiously. ‘Are you sure you wouldn’t prefer to sit down again?’
He gave me a look and said, ‘I’m not going to faint, Quest, no matter what you have to tell me. Have they caught the man who killed Marek yet?’
‘It’s possible. They do have some men in custody. And a woman.’
‘And?’
‘They have the painting.’
‘But?’
I was disconcerted by his apparent ability to read in my face what my next words might be. But I pressed on regardless. ‘It’s been damaged… But probably not beyond repair.’
‘But you haven’t brought it back to me?’
‘It’s with the police,’ I said. ‘I’m afraid they will hold on to it for a while as it’s now evidence in the case.’
He nodded slowly. ‘Evidence in a murder case, too. What sort of damage does it have?’
‘Paint splashes,’ I said. ‘Red paint.’
I watched him all the time for any sign that this news was too much for him. But he stood there as solid and unmoving as a tree trunk. Only the blinking of his eyes gave away the fact that he was feeling any emotion.
‘I’m sorry,’ I said.
He heaved a great sigh. ‘Spare me the apologies, Quest. The time for that is past. I take it you yourself were involved in the recovery of the painting.’
‘Indirectly, yes. Flora and I followed a trail that led us to the place where it was being kept, and the police did the rest.’
I didn’t mention that we had stumbled on the den of thieves almost accidentally and that if anyone had done all the work it had been Flora.
‘Miss Murray. Hmm. Do you think it’s a good idea to get her involved in this kind of thing?’
‘She involves herself, sir.’
‘And I daresay you can’t stop her, eh?’ He laughed for the first time. ‘Women these days! We’ve let the genie out of the bottle there, mark my words. There’ll be no putting it back now.’
‘No, sir.’
‘I don’t know that I want to see the picture today,’ he said suddenly. ‘But I assume from what you’re saying that it requires conservation work to be done, and without too much delay.’
‘Yes, that’s my opinion. It might be that it can be restored more or less to its original state, in the hands of a skilled conservator.’
‘Hmm, we’ll see about that. I will need to have a look at it before then to give my instructions, but I don’t think I can face that now.’
I was slightly surprised by this. Grimshaw didn’t strike me as the kind of person to put off a task just because it was unpleasant. But, I reflected, he was perhaps trying to demonstrate that his concern for Marek had indeed been greater than what he felt about the Turner.
I felt slightly less unhappy as I left to walk down the road again. Of course nothing could be done about Marek’s death, and Katya’s miserable face had reproached me again on my way out of the house, but at least Grimshaw hadn’t exploded when I told him the news of the painting, as I had feared he might, and now I had most of the day left over to spend with Flora.
Chapter 22 Hand in hand - Flora
I had thought of teasing Oliver by asking him to take me to the South Bank to see the Festival exhibitions as real visitors would see them. But I decided that could wait until later. We had all summer to get round to it. And in some ways I would prefer to visit the new Pleasure Gardens that were just about to open further along the Thames at Battersea. That would be a less educational trip but we needed some frivolity in our lives.
Instead, in the hope that he would be home by the end of the morning, I decided to prepare a surprise picnic that we could take out to Hyde Park and consume by the Serpentine, if it didn’t rain in the mean-time. Marjorie caught me looking out the window several times to check on the weather.
‘The wireless said it wouldn’t rain until this evening,’ she announced after the second time.
‘But they don’t always know,’ I protested.
‘They know better than we do, Flora dear.’
I didn’t like the idea of anyone’s prior knowledge, which after all was purely theoretical, being better than my own observations, but I didn’t want to argue with her. Anyway, at that moment I heard the door opening, and Oliver was home.
I must have seemed childish in my enthusiasm for the picnic. Oliver smiled at me indulgently as I talked him into carrying one of the bags. I hadn’t been able to find a proper picnic basket anywhere in the flat. He said his parents had one, fitted out with real glasses and silver cutlery, but he hadn’t thought of picnicking in London so he hadn’t ever wanted to borrow it.
We walked down to Hyde Park hand in hand. I thought, not for the first time, how lucky we were to be within reach of so many green spaces. My parents pictured London as all built-up, with my only views blocked by grey anonymous buildings. It was rather grey in many places, and even grim, but as far as I was concerned the parks more than made up for that. And they belonged to everyone, not just to an absentee landlord class which, it sometimes seemed, owned most of Scotland.
I tried to restrain myself from asking what had happened at Scotland Yard, but once we were sitting on a rug and opening the packets of sandwiches, I suddenly had to know.
‘Is there any news of the Irishmen?’
‘They’re all still in custody. And the woman from the café. Stan seems to think she was in on it somehow.’
‘What else? Surely Stan didn’t summon you there just to tell you that!’
Oliver paused, taking a hard-boiled egg out of its greaseproof paper wrapping with annoying attention to detail.
‘Oliver Quest, if you don’t tell me I’ll throw the picnic in the Serpentine and you’ll go hungry.’
I picked up the two bags and started to get to my feet. He reached out a lazy arm and grabbed me, pulling me down beside him again.
‘I’m about to tell you everything, Flora, just don’t rush me.’
I waited. He placed the hard-boiled egg carefully on a plate, crumpled up the paper and tucked it neatly down the side of a bag, and then his eyes met mine and he said,
‘They’ve got the painting. Grimshaw’s Turner.’
‘So it was there all the time? In Camden Town?’
I tried not to sound too triumphant, but Oliver must have guessed how I felt about being right all along, for he raised his eyebrows at me and continued, ‘Yes. The Irishmen must have had something to do with it.’
He paused again.
‘What aren’t you telling me?’ I demanded.
He smiled. ‘How did you know?’
‘Something in your eyes.’
‘I’ll have to be more careful about my expression in future, won’t I?’
‘Go on, then. What else is there?’
‘The picture was damaged,’ he said. ‘A phrase was painted across it in red emulsion. And it got a bit damp because it was found in a drainpipe.’
‘What was the phrase?’
He frowned. ‘Sieg Heil.’
I must have gasped out loud in alarm. ‘But I thought all that was over.’
‘I think everyone hoped it was.’
‘It can’t have been the Irishmen who did that, surely?’
He shrugged. ‘The Irishmen are all we have. It’s just possible they were Nazi sympathisers at one time and they thought it would make us sit up if they did this.’
I shook my head. A horrible thought had just popped into my mind. 
‘What are you thinking, Flora?’ Oliver put his hand under my chin and tipped up my face so that he could study it. ‘You look as if you’ve seen a ghost.’
‘I suppose I have in a way… What if Wassermann had something to do with all this?’
‘Wassermann? No, that’s impossible!’
‘Why should it be?’
‘He can’t be behind every bad thing that happens – life isn’t like that,’ said Oliver, still gazing into my eyes.
‘But he was a Nazi – and we already know he’s in London. Why shouldn’t he be behind this?’
‘Why should he draw attention to himself by doing it? Even if he stole the painting for some reason, probably to sell it to the highest bidder, why deface it like that? He must have guessed we would suspect him at some point.’
I was silent for a few moments, thinking. Oliver released my chin and started to ferret about in one of the bags. He was probably considering my theory, although he hadn’t appeared to be giving it any credence.
He turned back to me, the thermos flask in one hand.
‘Is there coffee in here?’
‘Iced tea, Oliver dear. That’s what you have at picnics.’
‘I think we need something stronger than that.’ He had another look in the bags.
‘We could go to a café,’ I suggested, although I was slightly offended that my picnic had been found wanting.
‘No, of course we can’t do that. We have the rest of our picnic to finish first – we have everything we need here.’ I wasn’t sure whether he was teasing me or not.
‘Except coffee,’ I said. ‘And alcohol.’
‘I’ll brave the iced tea. I’ve remembered something interesting.’
He concentrated for a moment on pouring the tea into the two little cups that came with the thermos. At least he had really considered my idea instead of dismissing it out of hand. I was pleased with that. It was more than his friend Stan would have done.
‘It may not be significant. It’s just a possible link with the Nazis. It doesn’t mean it will lead us straight to Wassermann.’
‘All right, I know that!’ I said, almost bursting with impatience.
‘It’s just that Marek had a tattoo on his wrist. We all saw it while we were hanging the picture in the pavilion.’
‘A tattoo?’ I said slowly, and then jumped up in excitement, spilling my iced tea. ‘A concentration camp tattoo?’
He nodded, absent-mindedly mopping up the tea with his handkerchief. ‘It certainly looked like one… But maybe we shouldn’t read too much into this. If Wassermann was in France, with the Gestapo, he couldn’t have been a camp guard at the same time. He and Marek still might never have met. It could be a red herring.’
‘He was in France when I met him. But that doesn’t mean he wasn’t somewhere else before or after that. I was only in France for six months – I left well before the Liberation. They brought me out soon after David was killed. My cover was compromised and they thought Wassermann would catch me next. I thought that was partly why he came after me in London – not just for the Rembrandt....  But Wassermann could even have gone to the Eastern Front after that and done something that brought him into contact with Marek. Or maybe the tattoo brought back memories for him and he took out his anger on the painting.’
All this sounded far-fetched even to me.
‘Hmm,’ said Oliver. ‘It seems to me we need to find out more about both their histories, and then we’ll know if they could ever have come into contact with each other. Of course it could be coincidence. There must be other former Nazis in London as well as Wassermann.’
‘And we don’t know where he is by now, anyway,’ I mused. ‘I don’t expect he was among the gangsters who were rounded up yesterday. He’s too clever to be caught like that.’
‘I wonder if your Sir Bentley has a photograph of him.’
‘It’s possible. Do you want me to grill Sir Bentley about Wassermann’s past?’
Oliver laughed. ‘I’m not sure which of you would do the grilling in that case. But yes, I suppose it would be sensible for you to approach him, while I go back and see what I can get out of Grimshaw.’
‘You don’t mind if I go off on my own to do that?’
‘I don’t think you can come to much harm with the might of the secret service to keep you safe,’ he said. I hoped these weren’t famous last words.
Chapter 23 Return to Parliament Hill - Oliver
The following morning I trudged uphill again towards Grimshaw’s house. I wasn’t looking forward to this interview with him, but I didn’t want to make light of Flora’s idea, no matter how far-fetched it seemed, and this was my way of demonstrating that I took it seriously. Flora had made an appointment to speak to Sir Bentley at the same time. Neither of us was at all sure of our welcome. I hadn’t telephoned Grimshaw in advance because I was afraid he would tell me to stay away.
Katya took her time opening the door to me. I suspected there was a secret peephole somewhere so that she could cast an eye over visitors before answering the summons of the bell.
‘You don’t have an appointment,’ she said sullenly. 
‘I need to see Mr Grimshaw on a matter of importance.’ I tried to make it sound as official as I could. But both Katya and Grimshaw would undoubtedly see through that.
Grimshaw himself appeared in the hall as she was trying to delay me there. He walked like a very old man, tired of life and of having to drag his worn-out body about.
‘What do you want now, Quest?’
‘I’d like to ask you about Marek’s life, and what you know of his war experiences,’ I said, reasoning that I might as well come right out with it. Katya gasped and turned away. I thought she had tears glimmering in her eyes.
Grimshaw made an angry growling sound. ‘Can’t this wait until we’ve done our grieving?’
‘I think it may have something to do with his death,’ I said. I didn’t tell him this was Flora’s theory and not mine. I didn’t want him dismissing it as women’s intuition.
Grimshaw hesitated, but only for a moment. Then he said, ‘Come into the study. Katya, you’d better come too. We might need you.’
‘Should I bring coffee?’ she said hopefully.
‘All right,’ he said. ‘But be quick about it. Bring a cup for yourself too.’
She bobbed a sort of half-curtsy and went through a door that must lead to the back of the house. Grimshaw and I settled ourselves in the study. I noticed he still had a fire burning in the grate. This made the room uncomfortably warm, although in view of the damp weather we’d been having I could understand why he felt the need of it.
‘Go easy on Katya,’ he warned me. ‘She’s still in a state of shock. I don’t want to lose another old friend.’
I wondered again whether he and Katya were actually brother and sister. It wasn’t impossible, I decided, although they didn’t look much alike. There was a faint resemblance around the eyes, but that could have been caused by their recent experience.
We were silent until Katya arrived with the coffee. She had brought pastries too, which suggested she wasn’t altogether displeased to have the chance to talk about Marek.
‘As I said before,’ Grimshaw began, ‘I don’t know anything like the whole story. He didn’t feel up to talking about it much, and I wasn’t going to put any pressure on him. There was no need. I knew all I wanted to know, which is that I had brought him back from the mouth of Hell.’
‘So you located him in a displaced person camp? When was that?’
‘It wasn’t long after VE Day. It was hard to make the journey – there was such chaos over there.’ He paused, perhaps remembering. ‘We still see bomb sites here in London, and they are ugly scars on the face of our city. In Germany, whole cities were like that. And nobody had the means to rebuild them. Nobody had money, or food, except what they got from the Allied forces. People were bargaining for things all the time. The universal currency was cigarettes. I took some with me, and money to try and buy information with. I knew where Marek had last been seen.’
‘He was with the Polish resistance,’ Katya put in at this point. ‘He was a brave fighter. Too brave sometimes – he took so many foolish risks.’
I hadn’t heard her form so many sentences before. She still had a kind of generic Eastern European accent, and her voice was low and deep, probably from days of weeping.
‘So when did you last see him?’ I asked her. ‘Before Mr Grimshaw brought him back here, I mean.’
‘It was the summer of 1942,’ she said. ‘Mr Grimshaw had asked someone he knew to meet me with a farmer’s cart. Marek pushed me into it and I made my way to the coast and got on a boat to Sweden. I didn’t want to leave him, but he was in the Communist resistance then and determined to stay. They were hoping the Russians would be their salvation. If only they had known!’
I was surprised to hear all this from Katya; it was as if the floodgates had opened.
‘So tell me, Katya, do you know what he did after that?’
She glanced down at her hands, which were entwined together in her lap. They shook a little as she said, ‘After that I only heard from him once when someone smuggled out a message from him to say he was still alive. Everything else I only know from what he told me later.’
‘When he was safely in England?’
She nodded. I couldn’t even begin to imagine how long the years had seemed, or how bleak when she didn’t know if she would ever see him again. What if Flora and I had been separated by the whole width of war-torn Europe instead of having a silly quarrel and being separated only by a few streets in the middle of London?
‘He was captured some time before Christmas in 1943. He was sent to Auschwitz. The concentration camp. There were other Poles there. And Jews. And some prisoners from elsewhere in Europe.’
‘He wasn’t Jewish himself?’
‘No. But I think his mother was Jewish. She died before I met him.’
‘He was lucky not to be murdered there,’ said Grimshaw suddenly. ‘Very few of the Polish prisoners survived.’
I wished I could tell how Flora was getting on with Sir Bentley Sedgwick. If only we could link Wassermann to Auschwitz at the same time as Marek had been there, we had a chance to prove her theory correct. If Marek had come across him there – if Wassermann had been involved in the theft of the Turner picture… There were too many ‘Ifs’.
‘He almost died there,’ said Katya. ‘There was very little food – prisoners had to take it out of the mouths of their comrades. Nobody should be forced to live like that. And there was disease everywhere. But Marek was always strong. Stronger than he looked.’
‘How did he come to be in the other camp? At Braunschweig?’ I enquired.
‘The Soviet troops liberated Auschwitz, but he didn’t trust them any more. And knowing I was in England, he fled from the Russians and got as far as Braunschweig before he collapsed and needed medical attention.’ She was quite rightly proud of her late husband. He had obviously had quite exceptional survival skills. It was a pity his luck had run out after he had reached the alleged safety of London.
‘He was physically very weak when I found him,’ said Grimshaw. ‘But he was always strong mentally. That must be what helped him survive.’
‘Thank you, Katya,’ I said with feeling. ‘It was very good of you to tell me your husband’s story – all this must be very distressing for you.’
‘I only want to see the murderer put on trial for his life,’ she said, eyes downcast again.
‘Thank you, Katya,’ said Grimshaw too. ‘You may leave us now.’
I got up and held the door open for her as she went out with the coffee tray.
After I sat down again, Grimshaw said, ‘What’s all this about, Quest?  How can these dreadful things from the past be connected with Marek’s death?’
‘I’m afraid I can’t tell you that yet, Mr Grimshaw,’ I said as gently as I could. ‘We still have other investigations to carry out before we can be sure of anything.’
Grimshaw fixed me with his big brown eyes. 
‘Marek was murdered because he was in the way,’ he announced. ‘Because he was guarding my picture, and the thieves couldn’t take it with him there. Why should you imagine there’s any other motive in the case? It doesn’t make sense.’
I decided I had to give him another piece of the jigsaw.
‘The words painted on the Turner.’
‘Yes? What were they?’
‘Sieg Heil.’
‘Ah,’ he said, letting out a long breath so that I had the impression he was quite deflated. I suppose he had worked himself up to telling me I hadn’t to darken his doors again until I came up with a more plausible tale, and now he had to re-consider.
‘That’s different,’ he said at last. He gazed at me again, his expression impossible to read. ‘Go now, Quest, and get this case solved.’
Chapter 24 Secrets - Flora
 I wasn’t sure if Sir Bentley would want to see me, but I found it quite easy to make an appointment with him through his secretary. I hoped he wouldn’t ask me to do anything I couldn’t tell Oliver about. I wanted everything to be open and above-board between us now.
He kept me waiting for fifteen minutes in the horrible little room next to his secretary’s office, where, because of the stale smoky atmosphere I decided some of the junior staff must have their tea-breaks. I had time to go through what I wanted to say to him twice, just to make sure it was fresh in my mind when I went into his office. Of course it was quite possible he wouldn’t tell me anything at all, although I was convinced he actually knew Wassermann’s full history.
To my surprise, Peter Chalmers was with him when the secretary at last took me into his office. They both smiled at me in a friendly enough way: perhaps this wouldn’t be as bad as I feared.
‘Just a moment, Miss Fairfax,’ he said as the secretary began to leave the room. ‘Flora, would you like a cup of tea?’
I was tempted by the offer, which would give me something to do with my hands, but to judge from the way the secretary was looking down her nose at me I didn’t think she wanted to play the waitress, so I declined politely. The three of us sat down. Sir Bentley was behind his desk, a grand construction that reminded me once again of Victorian clerks writing away all day for very little reward, and Peter Chalmers sat at the corner of it where, I decided, he thought he could watch me without being noticed. Except that now I had spotted this, the tactic would no longer be effective. 
Although I had initiated this meeting, I couldn’t quite shake off that sense of being interrogated that I always got from being with Sir Bentley.
‘So, Flora my dear, to what do we owe this honour?’
Being avuncular didn’t suit Sir Bentley. His style tended more towards the imperial.
‘I wanted to ask you something.’
‘Good. Good. Is this in connection with the case we’re working on? I had imagined your involvement and that of Quest would have finished now that the picture has been recovered.’
He knew it was about the case: why else would I have come to see him of my own free will? Somehow now that I was here I found it difficult to say what I wanted. I remembered Oliver’s comment about the might of the secret service.
‘But we still want to know exactly what happened to the picture. That’s reasonable, isn’t it? Oliver and I were talking it all through, and we wondered if the theft and the murder might possibly have anything to do with Wassermann,’ I blurted out, without taking a breath. ‘So I just wanted to ask if there was anything about his past that you knew and felt you could tell me?’
‘You mean anything that might be relevant?’
Sir Bentley was calm and unsurprised, although I intercepted a quick unreadable glance between him and Peter Chalmers.
Some sort of unspoken communication passed between the two men, and then Sir Bentley leaned down to open his desk drawer, took out a folder and placed it on the desk in front of him, lining it up with meticulous accuracy so that the edges were exactly parallel to the sides of the desk.
‘Before I make you aware of any of the contents of this file,’ he said portentously, ‘I need to warn you again that all this information is classified under the Official Secrets Act and that you could be prosecuted for sharing it with anyone.’
‘Yes,’ I said, feeling gleeful about my plan to share it with Oliver as soon as we both got home. I tried to school my face into a sober sensible expression. Oliver had once told me my eyes gave the game away, but I thought I had managed to harden them too. ‘May I take notes?’
‘Perhaps a summary of the sense of it. Nothing more. And of course none of us can take this file outside my office without permission in writing from the Prime Minister.’
‘No, of course not.’
I wished he would get on with it. My face was waiting to change to an attentive, focussed expression. If the wind changed now, I would be stuck with being sober and sensible for ever.
He opened the folder.
‘Karl Wassermann was born into a middle-class family in Hannover in 1910,’ he said, his tone as level as if he had been reading out the words straight from the page in front of him. ‘He and his family lost everything in the financial troubles of the 1920s, his father committed suicide and his mother was reduced to feeding the family from a soup-kitchen. He drifted from one temporary job to another and eventually joined the Gestapo almost as soon as it started up. Any questions?’
I shook my head. Peter Chalmers shook his head.
‘We got all this from someone who grew up with him in Hannover,’ said Sir Bentley. ‘A Jew who fled Germany in the mid 1930s, seeing the way the wind was blowing, and settled in Slough. We located the man through immigration records. It was a long shot, but it paid off.’
I guessed he was proud of himself for having done this minor piece of real intelligence work. It must have made a change from the deluge of forms that probably landed on his desk for him to sign.
‘When you encountered him, of course, he was the local Gestapo commander for the district where you were deployed, in France. But that was towards the end of the war. We did wonder what he had been doing before that.’
Sir Bentley turned a page in the file. I waited.
‘I think, Peter, you can probably explain this better than I can.’
He handed over a piece of paper to the other man, who took it, glanced at it and said, ‘I hope so. But do please stop me, Miss Murray, if you have any questions as I go along.’
‘Thank you,’ I said.
‘You probably weren’t aware of this, Miss Murray, but our records section holds copies of various German documents obtained at the end of the war. We had always known Wassermann played a part in what happened to you in France. As part of a general attempt to track down war criminals, we had already investigated him soon after the end of the war. However we had no idea of his whereabouts at that stage – it’s been suggested he fled to Spain – and we had more than enough to do with the major war criminals, so the material we had already collected was simply filed and forgotten.’
I found this quite scandalous, but didn’t say so at this point. He glanced over at me and continued, ‘When we knew he had entered Britain, we retrieved the file from storage and had another look at the information in it. I then checked it against the records, including some extra sources that hadn’t been available to us the first time we went through them – partly because the cataloguing systems were more primitive even five years ago.’
I wished they would learn to summarise what they had to say. I didn’t really have any interest in where the records were kept, or how they were filed.
‘He seems to have been in some sort of elite training section for a while at the start of the war, There was a lot of new recruitment about then – men fired up with patriotism, that sort of thing. Then the Nazis started to worry seriously about the Polish freedom fighters, and he was sent into Poland as part of an attempt to put down the numerous small revolts that occurred there.’
He paused and took a sip of water from a glass in front of him on the desk. I wished I had thought to request water when Sir Bentley had offered tea. But I had been at pains to convince him this wasn’t just a social call.
‘I wonder if I could have a glass of water, please, Sir Bentley?’
‘Yes, of course. Peter, could you ask Miss Fairfax?’
Peter got up and went out of the office. I sat on the edge of my chair. Surely there must be an opportunity now.
I was right. Miss Fairfax appeared in the doorway, no doubt taking advantage of what she saw as a break in our meeting to interrupt on her own account.
‘Sir Bentley, there’s an urgent call from Washington. Shall I put it through to you, or would you prefer to take it at my desk?’
Once again she looked down her nose at me. She had the right level of security clearance to listen in on Sir Bentley’s important calls, and I didn’t.
Sir Bentley got up, glancing at his watch as he did so. ‘What’s going on? It’s the middle of the night there. I’m sorry, my dear,’ he said to me. ‘I shouldn’t be long.’
Only seconds elapsed between Sir Bentley leaving the room and Peter Chalmers returning with my glass of water but it was enough. I sat back in the chair, heart racing in a way that made me think of a wartime near-miss, and sipped in a genteel manner.
Peter Chalmers watched me with a faint smile on his face. After a few moments Sir Bentley reappeared.
‘Where was I?’ He opened the file again and peered at the page. ‘At one point we think Wassermann may have become a guard at Auschwitz on a temporary basis, as part of this mission. But the records are rather scrappy.’ He said this disdainfully, as though scrappy record-keeping was the only thing anyone had to worry about when mentioning Auschwitz. ‘There’s no evidence to suggest he was directly involved in mass murders, but of course no-one who was there in a Nazi uniform can possibly be above suspicion.’
‘It was after that he appeared in France,’ said Sir Bentley. ‘We think he may have been compromised and had to move to a different theatre of war.’
‘Compromised?’ I asked. It was hard even to get the word out, as I found this prosaic, unemotional discussion of terrible events very upsetting.
‘His posting to Poland and then Auschwitz was essentially supposed to be an under-cover one,’ Peter explained. ‘We think his cover was blown. The alternative is that he became emotionally involved with someone in Poland, but this seems unlikely in the light of what you’ve told us about his behaviour in France.’
Yes, I thought, Wassermann had been the coldest fish I had ever encountered. And whatever had gone wrong in his life, it had certainly not been caused by a failure of nerve on his part. I thought about how coolly he had accosted me in a London street, to take one recent example.
‘So tell me, Flora,’ said Sir Bentley, closing the file and leaning back in his chair, ‘in what way do you think Wassermann might be implicated in what has happened here?’
His blue eyes narrowed as he studied me thoughtfully.
‘I’m not sure,’ I said truthfully. ‘It just seems like too much of a coincidence that someone paints a German slogan on the Turner painting when Wassermann has recently appeared in England. It almost seems as if he came here on purpose to do this, and he wasn’t really after the Rembrandt at all.’
‘I see,’ said Sir Bentley. ‘So it’s really a hunch on your part, is it, Flora? Women’s intuition again.’
‘I don’t want to frighten you, Miss Murray,’ said Peter Chalmers, sounding more than a little amused, ‘but there are other former Nazis in the country as well as Wassermann.’
I sighed. ‘Yes, I know. It all seemed to fit so neatly, though.’
‘Not everything is as neat as we would like it to be,’ said Sir Bentley. I had the feeling he had already mentally dismissed me and wanted to move on to the next task on his list for the day.
My next task was to get together with Oliver and compare notes.
Chapter 25 Assembling the Pieces - Oliver
Flora and I arrived at the front door at almost the same time. She was fumbling with her key as I came up the stairs. I gave her a quick kiss, just as Marjorie opened the door. She retreated as soon as she saw us, eyes averted.
‘It’s all right, Marjorie, we’ve finished now,’ Flora called to her as we went into the hall.
‘Speak for yourself, Flora,’ I told her, but I let her go ahead of me into the drawing-room.
‘Should we tell Marjorie what we’ve found out?’ Flora whispered. Marjorie had already settled herself back into her favourite chair – the one nearest the wireless – and had picked up some embroidery. She glanced up at us. 
‘Have you had some lunch?’
‘I’m not very hungry,’ said Flora. ‘We can get ourselves some soup later. Is that all right, Oliver?’
I didn’t want to waste time eating either. We had work to do.
‘Marjorie,’ said Flora, ‘wouldn’t you like to know how we’re getting on with the case?’
‘Isn’t it top secret?’ said Marjorie, glancing at her watch. 
‘Sort of,’ said Flora. ‘But I’m sure we can tell you anyway.’
‘Can you tell me after Woman’s Hour?’ said Marjorie.
‘Yes, of course,’ said Flora meekly. ‘We’ll go into the office so we don’t disturb you.’
As soon as we got into the office she added, ‘Good. I don’t think she would understand how we work.’
‘Not sure I do either,’ I said.
‘Who’s going to start?’ she said. I could tell she was fizzing with excitement so I thought I should let her go first.
‘Don’t say anything until I’ve finished,’ she said, and set out the information she had gleaned from Sir Bentley and Peter Chalmers. She had taken a few notes, but she told me most of it from memory. It reminded me that as an SOE agent she must have had to memorise her cover story until it became second nature to her. I didn’t like to think about how exposed she had been to danger at that time. It gave me the creeps.
After she had finished, I couldn’t wait to tell her what I had found out, so that she could see how well it all fitted together. Poland – Auschwitz – London. Both men had travelled the same route, albeit with diversions to different places at times.
‘Of course we can’t be absolutely sure they met,’ I said in conclusion. ‘But there’s a good chance they did.’
Flora frowned. ‘What about London? How did their paths cross here?’
‘I suppose they could have seen each other somewhere by chance and recognised each other,’ I said. ‘On the Underground – in a café – in a shop… After all, you saw him by chance when you happened to get in the taxi.’
‘But this is about the picture too, don’t forget that,’ said Flora.
‘It’s about the picture. You’re quite right, of course. I’ve got something at the back of my mind. Something I saw. It’s to do with the picture… The joiners who helped to hang it! Did you get a photograph of Wassermann?’
She slid something from between the pages of her notebook. ‘They were both out of the room for a moment so I palmed it. Wasserman’s in the centre of the group.’ She shuddered. ‘I remember that smile – it was one of the most sinister things about him.’
The photograph was of a row of men in uniform. We had all taken them, and now they were full of poignant memories. This one wasn’t. I recognised the smiling man in the middle.
‘It’s one of the joiners! The workmen at the Pavilion who helped to hang the Turner. I remember now – Marek’s sleeve fell back and we all stared at the tattoo on his arm. I can see the expression on the man’s face now.’ 
I tapped the photograph thoughtfully.
‘Which came first – the theft of the picture, or the murder of Marek?’
‘What do you mean?’
‘Well, did they go along intending to steal the picture and then kill Marek because Wassermann suddenly realised who he was, or did they track down Marek and steal the picture to cover up the murder?’
Flora thought this over for a couple of minutes, then said, ‘Or vice versa.’
‘Vice versa?’
‘Or Marek recognised Wassermann.’
‘Or both at the same time,’ I suggested.
‘There are other possibilities,’ said Flora. ‘They might have been working in the pavilion for some other reason but they happened to come across Marek and once he recognised them, they had to kill him, then once they’d done that they had to steal the picture.’
‘That’s a bit too much of a coincidence.’
‘The whole thing’s based on coincidence,’ said Flora.
‘I wonder who the other man was,’ I said. ‘I think he must have been in on it.’
‘Maybe it was someone from one of the Irish gangs.’
‘Hmm, I think they specialise more in fencing than stealing. Wassermann probably only has a slight connection with them…’ I tried a new tack, inspired by what Flora had suggested. ‘What other reason could they have for being in the pavilion?’
‘They could have been working to earn a living,’ she said. ‘I know that’s unlikely but it’s possible. Wassermann’s employment prospects must be a bit dim. And perhaps he had to give up driving his taxi once we knew about it.’
‘I’m surprised Sir Bentley’s men didn’t pick up Wassermann and his colleague before they got anywhere near the South Bank,’ I mused. ‘They could have been a threat to national security. After all, the Royal family were due at the Festival Hall that very evening. Then there was the royal opening ceremony with all the V.I.P.s the following day. I would have thought the secret service would be on the alert – especially after the bomb scare earlier in the week.’
We looked at each other. Flora wrinkled up her nose. ‘It is all a bit odd.’
That was an understatement. It wasn’t just odd, it was complicated. There was Wassermann, who can’t have been the only former Nazi in London but was probably the only one known to Flora, Marek, who had possibly met him during the war but we couldn’t confirm that, and the Irish gangsters who had been rounded up and arrested, having been caught more or less in possession of the stolen picture. I couldn’t see how they fitted into things at all, unless Wassermann had just looked for the nearest place he could expect to find a criminal underworld where he could dispose of the painting and happened to pick on Camden Town.  But in that case, why on earth had he written ‘Sieg Heil’ across it? He must have known that would draw attention back to him. I wasn’t sure if Stan, or Grimshaw, or Sir Bentley Sedgwick, would be at all convinced by this flimsy case Flora and I had put together.
I wasn’t even sure I was convinced myself.
‘Do you think we’re ready to go to Stan with this?’ I asked Flora.
‘I don’t know.’ The expression on her­­­­ face seemed to mirror the thoughts running through my mind. ‘Why did Wassermann paint a Nazi slogan on the picture? He must have known it might lead us to him.’
We stared at each other. It was gratifying that our minds were working together like this. It gave me hope for the future.
‘I think,’ said Flora slowly, ‘we need to investigate a bit more on our own before we tell Stan or anyone else.’
I was reluctant to agree to this unconditionally, after all that had happened to both of us. I hadn’t enjoyed being thrown across the road when a bus was coming, and I didn’t suppose Flora had liked seeing that either.
‘All right, but we stick together,’ I said. ‘None of this going off somewhere on a hunch.’
She put her hand out and shook hands. This was an incongruous gesture between the two of us, but she seemed to think it made our bargain unbreakable.
‘Where do we start?’ she said after we had done this.
That was the question.
Chapter 26 Mystery in Baker Street - Flora
In spite of the seriousness of the case, with its echoes of the unspeakably awful things that had happened in the war, I felt happier than I could ever remember feeling before. Working with Oliver like this, sharing the same ideas, being with him every day, was somehow just right. I hoped he felt the same. He certainly seemed to have chosen me over his friend Stan, at least for the moment. 
We planned the next day’s itinerary over a late lunch consisting mainly of soup. I didn’t think it was enough for Oliver, and indeed if my mother had been there she would have asked me how I intended to hold on to a man if I couldn’t even provide him with nourishing meals at regular intervals. I supposed I would have to learn to do this, but all the other things I could be doing were just so much more interesting. Anyway, my mother wasn’t there – thank goodness – so I didn’t have to fuss over Oliver. He seemed content for me to share the work on the case with him. 
Oliver suggested taking me to Grimshaw’s house the next morning so that I could form my own opinion about him and Katya. He didn’t admit it but I wondered if he thought there was a place for women’s intuition.
‘You might be able to think of something to ask them that I’d forgotten,’ he added. ‘It was all a bit harrowing so I didn’t like to prod them too much. But there might be some small detail that would explain the whole thing. Or prove that Wassermann and Marek met during the war.’
‘Or that they couldn’t have,’ I said, frowning.
‘I don’t know where that would leave us,’ he said. 
‘No further forward than we were in the first place.’
‘I’ll telephone now to tell him we’re planning to come. In case he’s going out.’
I took the soup bowls into the kitchen while he made the call. When I got back to the study, he was looking puzzled.
‘No reply. They must both be out.’
‘Maybe they’re making funeral arrangements or something,’ I suggested.
‘Of course. That’s probably it. I’ll call again later.’
‘If we don’t catch Mr Grimshaw at home, perhaps we should speak to Sir Bentley again. Together.’ I made the suggestion tentatively, because I wasn’t sure there was anything to be achieved by going over the ground again with my former paymasters. I didn’t doubt Oliver would find it irritating to be in their company, and Sir Bentley might invoke the Official Secrets Act again in an attempt to keep things from him.
‘Let’s leave that until later,’ said Oliver. ‘How about going to the pictures this evening? We haven’t seen the new Ray Milland thriller yet. Do you think Marjorie would like to come too?’
‘Only if there isn’t anything on the wireless. I’ll ask her.’
‘Oh dear, I can’t watch anything too exciting in the evening,’ said Marjorie when I asked her. ‘I wouldn’t be able to sleep. Just go with Oliver. He won’t want me tagging along as a gooseberry, in any case.’
‘All right, but make sure you put the chain on the door once we’ve gone out,’ I said with a sudden feeling of unease. What if Wassermann had already tracked me down to Oliver’s flat? What if he managed to get past the doorman and trick Marjorie into opening the door to him?
I shook my head. The idea of going to see a thriller was already making me nervous. Perhaps I should persuade Oliver to take me to one of these comedies that seem to be two-a-penny these days. But I knew he didn’t enjoy them.
There was a newsreel before the main feature film. I remembered the last time we had seen one together, and the fight we had afterwards, and blushed in the darkness. I knew he remembered too. Fortunately this time the news was not contentious. There were pictures of the pageant we had seen at St Paul’s that day - that last normal day before everything went wrong. The police were still investigating the theft and return of the Stone of Destiny. The fun-fair at Battersea was almost ready to open. I looked forward to riding on the Far Tottering and Oyster Creek Railway. When I whispered this to Oliver, he laughed aloud and the man sitting in front of us turned round and told him to keep the noise down, which of course made both of us laugh all the more.
We were still laughing about something as we came up the stairs to Oliver’s landing. Then we saw it.
‘The door’s open.’ I clutched at Oliver’s arm. I suddenly knew the unease I had felt earlier was a premonition.
‘Don’t panic,’ he whispered, which of course made me panic even more. ‘Stay here while I have a look. If anything goes wrong, run like hell down to the doorman and get him to call the police from his cubby-hole.’
I hadn’t thought about the doorman having a cubby-hole, but this wasn’t the time or place to go into that. I gave him a little push. ‘Yes, just have a look.’
He approached the door with caution, and disappeared into the flat. I thought I heard the faint sound of the wireless from somewhere. Surely if the wireless was still on Marjorie was all right – wasn’t she?
Oliver appeared again. He had a letter in his hand which he stuffed into his pocket as he approached. ‘Something’s wrong. Marjorie isn’t there but the wireless is still on.’
I ran towards him. He took my hand. ‘I think we’d better call the police. But we can do that from the office. There’s nobody in the flat.’
‘What’s the letter?’ I suppose I imagined it to be a note from Marjorie, telling us where she had gone, but Oliver shook his head.
‘Just something from Clemency. It can wait.’
This wasn’t the kind of apartment building where people popped next-door to borrow a cup of sugar, so we knew Marjorie couldn’t have gone to one of the neighbours. She had gone out so rarely since we had been staying there that she probably wouldn’t even have recognised them, let alone being on sugar-borrowing terms. It struck me that Marjorie wasn’t the kind of person to get close to people just because they happened to live nearby. We hadn’t got to know the people in her street when we lived in Paddington. She was a self-sufficient kind of person and would probably have soldiered on without sugar rather than trying to borrow some. 
While Oliver made the telephone call, I wondered if Marjorie had always been so isolated, or whether the death of her husband in the Blitz had something to do with it. She had told me he was fire-watching somewhere or other and had been caught by a stray bomb at the very end of a bad night. Perhaps that had made her nervous about going out, which had resulted in her not making any new friends. There was no knowing how it could take people.
While we waited for the police, Oliver suggested we should split up and quickly search the building to make sure Marjorie wasn’t in the lift, or on a different floor. He allocated the foyer to himself so that he could speak to the doorman and try to establish whether he had seen Marjorie that day, and I took the top floors and the stairs in between them.
We both drew a blank. Just as we arrived back at Oliver’s front door, the lift doors opened and Stan got out, along with three uniformed policemen.
‘Causing trouble again, Ollie?’ said Stan jovially. He nodded in my direction, but without meeting my eyes. ‘Evening, Miss Murray. Good to see he’s keeping you on a tight rein after what happened.’
I suppressed my indignation as this wasn’t the time to go into the reasons why his words were inappropriate. Stan dispatched two of the other policemen to search the building again: they would be more thorough than us, for he instructed them to knock on doors and question the occupants of the other flats. I was glad enough to leave this to the police. Stan, Oliver and I went into the study with the remaining uniformed officer, who was presumably there to take notes.
‘Now then,’ said Stan. ‘Can we have the full name of your friend?’
The questions came thick and fast.
‘Has she got a history of memory loss or mental disturbance?’
‘Has she ever wandered off before?’
‘Is there anyone she might go and visit or stay with at short notice? Any family?’
‘Was she all right when you last saw her?’
Then we all went round the flat together, looking to see if anything was missing. I immediately noticed that the top of the bedside table in Oliver’s bedroom, where Marjorie always had her little clock and a book to read in case she couldn’t sleep, and a glass of water in case she felt thirsty in the night, was now empty. On closer examination of the room, it seemed she had taken her small case and a few clothes and toiletries. Or at least they had disappeared with her.
‘Hmm,’ said Stan when I pointed this out. ‘It’s beginning to seem as if she went to visit somebody.’
‘I suppose she might have had family that she just didn’t usually talk about,’ I said doubtfully. I had always thought of Marjorie as being alone in the world. If she had family, she certainly didn’t talk about them.
‘Well, it’s unlikely that kidnappers would have waited for her to pack a case,’ said Stan. ‘So I think we can assume she left of her own free will.’
‘But she wouldn’t have done that without leaving a note,’ I said. We hadn’t found any note or message from Marjorie. I thought she would have left one by the wireless, or in the kitchen, or on the desk in the study, but none of these obvious places yielded anything, and what would be the use in leaving a note if it wasn’t obvious?
I didn’t say any of this to Stan. I knew he was an old friend of Ollie’s, but after our dealings in the past few days I didn’t entirely trust him. Still, we had to call the police. It wouldn’t have been fair to Marjorie not to call them. I was still convinced she needed our help. I remembered mentioning Wassermann earlier. What if I had conjured him up just by imagining him? I shivered as I thought of Marjorie in his clutches.
Oliver noticed and put his arm round my shoulders. 
‘We’ll keep a note on our files,’ said Stan. ‘If we have time, we’ll see if we can trace any relatives she might have gone to. It was just as well to call us in.’
I wasn’t sure if that was true.
When he had gone, Oliver and I wandered into the drawing-room and stared at the wireless. I even reached out a hand and ran it along the top, as if touching it would bring me closer to Marjorie.
‘What if Wassermann…?’ I said quietly.
‘If it’s Wassermann, then won’t he be in touch any minute now with a ransom demand?’ said Oliver. ‘What other reason could he have for taking her except to make money out of it? He hasn’t been able to make money on the picture, so perhaps this is his way of making up for it. And getting at you as well, of course.’
‘But what if it isn’t for the money, but for the fun of it?’ I said, looking up into Oliver’s serious grey eyes. ‘We’ve got to do something!’

Chapter 27 Revisiting Old Haunts - Oliver
When she looked at me like that, I couldn’t refuse her. But I didn’t know what she expected me to do. There was no knowing where Wassermann or anyone else might have taken Marjorie.
I did have one idea.
‘We know the picture ended up in Camden Town. Perhaps Wassermann has holed up there. I think we should go and have a look.’
I could hardly believe I was saying that, after what had happened. But the people who had tried to fling me under the wheels of the bus were behind bars now, so at least they couldn’t take any more action. On the other hand I knew the gangs spread their nets widely and had lots of contacts. Messages could be passed to others in the criminal underworld who could take up where the others had left off.
I tried to tell Flora some of this, without scaring her too much. But she was her usual stubborn self.
‘But in that case Marjorie’s in even more danger,’ she said. ‘If Wassermann doesn’t harm her, then someone else will. Even the woman at the café was in on it, wasn’t she? And the longer we leave it, the more chance that something happens to her. It didn’t sound as if Stan was treating it as an urgent case, did it?’
I had to admit I had got that impression too. ‘But he still could be right about her going to visit somebody,’ I said in his defence. I didn’t believe it though. ‘We don’t know much about her family – there could be some long-lost aunt or cousin who needed her suddenly. She could have got a letter by the second post.’
I knew the letters were being forwarded from Marjorie’s address.
‘But why not leave us a little note – just a few words?’ argued Flora. ‘And why did she leave without switching off the wireless? That just isn’t the kind of thing she would do. It’s no use – we’re going round in circles. I think we should go up to Camden High Street now, just to show we mean it.’
‘None of the shops will be open.’
‘The pubs will be – we can ask around in them.’
‘Flora, I can’t take you on a pub crawl along Camden High Street!’
‘Why not? I don’t care what my mother would think. I just want to give ourselves the best chance of finding Marjorie.’
‘I don’t care what your mother would think either. But it wouldn’t be right.’
‘I’ve been in worse places,’ she said.
Looking at the expression on her face, I decided I might as well give in now and save myself an hour of arguments and the worry that she would go out alone later that night when I thought she was asleep and put herself in danger again.
We set off to catch the bus. I locked the door of the flat carefully, and mentioned to the doorman that we were going out and might be late back. I gave him a tip in exchange for a promise that he wouldn’t let anyone into the building if he didn’t recognise them. He was supposed to do that anyway as part of his job, but I didn’t think it would do any harm to remind him of it.
Camden High Street was busy, even at this time in the evening. We didn’t have a plan or a strategy for this, so I led the way to the pub nearest the bus stop and we went inside. It was a working men’s pub in the traditional style, and Flora attracted quite a lot of attention, not all of it complimentary and none of it polite. I heard Irish accents in the mix of voices.
‘Just one drink here, then we move on,’ I said to Flora in a low voice.
By the time we had repeated the experience three times, I had had enough. People kept giving us suspicious looks as we were obviously outsiders, I didn’t want to drink any more and I didn’t think we were getting anywhere. Little groups of men would go into huddles when we approached, even the bartenders seemed suspicious, and when we left one particular pub a couple of men followed us out and watched us walk down the road.
‘Let’s go home,’ I said. ‘We’re never going to learn anything this way.’
‘There’s another pub along here – past the railway bridge,’ said Flora. ‘Let’s try this one, then we can catch the bus.’
This one at least was less busy than the others had been, which was hardly surprising in the light of its scruffy appearance and lack of amenities. One old man sat in a corner, and there were two men playing dominoes at a table by the window. To my surprise, Flora advanced on them boldly.
‘Mr Fitzroy!’ she cried. ‘And Mr Demetriou! What are you doing here?’
‘Playing a game of dominoes with a friend,’ said Mr Fitzroy, glancing up. ‘May I ask what you’re doing here, young lady? And Mr Quest too? I’m surprised to see you after what happened recently.’
‘How do you know about that?’ I asked him suspiciously.
I noticed Demetriou had retreated inside his coat collar, attempting to hide his face from us. I was surprised he had ventured out at all if that was the way he felt.
Fitzroy smiled at me. ‘One hears things.’
‘I didn’t realise the antique dealers’ network operated so efficiently,’ I said. ‘If you’ve heard about that, then perhaps you know why we’re here again too.’
He shook his head. ‘I can’t imagine. A suicide wish?’
‘We’re looking for a friend,’ said Flora. ‘She’s gone missing. We thought she might have been brought here, just as the picture was.’
I wasn’t sure if it was a good idea to come out with the whole thing as Flora had done, but at least it had attracted the interest of the two men. They were both gazing at us in shock.
‘It isn’t good,’ said Demetriou.
‘We know that,’ said Flora. She glanced round. ‘Is there another chair? Oliver?’
I scrounged around until I found a dusty old stool for her in a corner. I leaned against the wall. I would be best placed for a quick getaway there.
‘Have you heard anything?’ she said to the men.
They paused, apparently mulling it over.
‘Do you know Wassermann?’ she asked.
She took the photograph out of her bag and showed them it. They both recoiled from it, perhaps thrown by the Gestapo uniforms. Demetriou produced wire-framed spectacles from his top pocket, put them on and peered at it closely. He still didn’t say anything.
‘What has he to do with your friend?’ asked Fitzroy, still not quite looking at the photograph.
‘Nothing, really,’ said Flora.
Demetriou turned on me. ‘Do you know what danger you’ve put her in?’ he hissed. ‘Coming round here with photographs like that – asking questions – haven’t you learned anything from the last time?’
He flung the picture from him and sat back, arms folded.
‘I’m sorry, sir,’ I said. ‘But we had to come here.’
‘We know nothing,’ said Fitzroy firmly. ’It’s no use questioning us.’
‘Come along, Flora. We might as well go.’ I touched her arm. She picked up the photograph and replaced it in her bag. Just as we were about to leave, I said to the two men, ‘Is it always as quiet as this in here?’
As we began to walk away, Fitzroy said, so quietly that I wasn’t sure if I had heard him correctly, ‘Only since Grimshaw and his cronies left.’
I stopped in my tracks and turned back to him. ‘Did you say Grimshaw?’
‘I didn’t say anything,’ said Fitzroy. ‘Ask the landlord.’
I stared over towards the bar, where a man stood half in the shadows. By his build he might once have been a heavy-weight boxer.
‘Stay with these two for a moment, Flora,’ I said firmly. I went over to the landlord. Of course she followed me.
‘I can’t tell you nothing,’ he said just before I reached him. He looked even more like a boxer close up, with a battered face and muscles in his arms the size of footballs. There was a trace of something foreign in his accent, although he had obviously lived in London for some time and picked up local cadences. ‘Best you leave now.’
‘Just nod if Mr Grimshaw of Hampstead has ever been in this pub,’ I said, chancing my luck. He leaned very slightly towards me across the bar. The sense of menace multiplied tenfold.
‘I’m not telling you again.’
I held a hand up. ‘It’s all right, I’m going now.’
I grabbed Flora as I passed her, and we made a rapid exit from the pub. 
‘What was that about?’ she asked me as we ran for a bus that was just approaching.
‘Search me,’ I said.
Chapter 28 More Secrets from the Past - Flora
‘There was a notice up on the wall behind the bar,’ I informed Oliver as we sat on the bus trying to get our breath back. ‘Handwritten. An advertisement for a club meeting.’
‘Maybe that’s what Grimshaw was there for,’ said Oliver, frowning. ‘Did you see what kind of club it was?’
‘No… It might have said something about Spain.’ I pictured the sign in my mind’s eye. It had been quite small, with some text in faded black in the centre which I couldn’t read, then some words in bold red underneath. Why did I think it was Spanish? ‘Los Internacionales,’ I said, remembering suddenly. ‘And the three-pointed star under that.’
Oliver raised his eyebrows. ‘The International Brigades. Hmm. Interesting. I wouldn’t have thought of Grimshaw…’
‘But Oliver,’ I interrupted, grabbing his arm in my excitement, ‘the war wound. That explains it.’
He sighed. ‘We don’t know that it was a war wound. He’s in his sixties – it could easily just be rheumatism.’
‘Now do you see what we meant about Mr Grimshaw having secrets?’ I demanded. He detached my hand from his sleeve. 
‘I don’t think we should discuss that on a bus,’ he said. ‘Wait till we get home.’
Oliver definitely didn’t want his ideas about Mr Grimshaw challenged. I bided my time, staring out of the window as the bus trundled through the by now familiar bomb sites and sleazy streets just north of King’s Cross station and turned along Euston Road.
We got off at the bus stop nearest Oliver’s flat and I tucked my hand into his arm as we walked along. He paused at the corner of his street. I was looking up at him, watching for any sign of softening in his expression, so I didn’t understand immediately why he had stopped.
‘Look,’ he said, nodding in the direction of the apartment building. ‘What do you think?’
A black cab stood outside. A familiar figure leaned on the cab, staring at the building. My heart jumped into my mouth, and I was already turning to run when Oliver added quietly,
‘Better not run. Just turn and walk away. We’ll dodge round the corner and into the mews.’
‘It was Wassermann again!’ I gasped as we ran into the mews. ‘And the same taxi. The nerve of the man!’
There were no street lights in the mews and I was glad Oliver led the way. Without speaking, he headed down a narrow alley at the side of the stables. I hoped there was another way out. We were trained always to find an alternative route.
I heard the roar of an engine somewhere behind us, then it cut out and there were running footsteps. Oliver glanced back, once, hurried up a little, and then sprinted just as we came out into the open again on Gloucester Place. He hustled me on to the bus that had stopped at the traffic lights just in front of us. The conductor made a token protest but let us get on board. I glanced down as we pulled away. Wassermann had come out of the alley, on foot now, and was surveying the scene in all directions. As I watched, our eyes met and he gave me a little salute. I thought he might try and make a dash for our bus, but instead he turned and walked off back towards the mews. I suppose he had to go back for his taxi.
‘Where are we going?’ I said to Oliver. 
‘I have no idea,’ he said, laughing. 
When the conductor came upstairs for our fares, Oliver asked him where the bus was going, something I would have been embarrassed to do in case he thought I was an idiot. Evidently Oliver had no such qualms.
It was the last bus to Oxford Circus.
We held a quick conference, keeping our voices low by unspoken consent. There were only a couple of other passengers on the top deck but there was no point in broadcasting our affairs to them.
‘We can’t go to Marjorie’s house,’ I said. ‘Wassermann knows about it. Where else is there?’
‘We could sleep under the arches at Charing Cross,’ said Oliver.
‘We could catch a train,’ I suggested.
He shook his head. ‘Too late. We’d be lucky to get one at this time.’
‘The news cinema?’
‘I think it closes at midnight. We can have a look. But do you really want to sleep the night in there?’
‘Mmm, could be fun!’ I said, trying not to panic. Where could we go? I thought Oliver had friends in London, but we couldn’t lead a possible pursuer to them either. I didn’t like the idea of being alone in an impersonal hotel room, worrying about Marjorie and listening for noises that would mean Wassermann had somehow tracked me down and was breaking in while I slept… I knew it was silly, but that didn’t stop me imagining it.
Oliver took my hand. ‘I think we should get a hotel room.’
‘But – we don’t have any luggage!’ I blurted out on the spur of the moment, unable to think of anything else to say.
‘That won’t matter. We’ll go somewhere nice, where they know me. My great-aunt used to spend months there – and my parents would always stay when they came up to town, before the war.’
‘Somewhere nice’ turned out to be Claridge’s, and I hated to think how much it would cost. But I had ruthlessly quashed the voice inside me – which I suspected wasn’t my voice at all, but my mother’s – that said staying in an expensive hotel without bags and with a man I wasn’t married to would make people talk. In any case I felt so tired after the evening’s activities that I allowed myself to relax and let Oliver take care of everything. It was such a nice hotel and they knew Oliver and his family so well that they gave us interconnecting rooms; I felt safer knowing he wasn’t far away. 
This made me think again about how different his social sphere was from mine. He had never told me much about his background, and I hadn’t been all that curious. After the war and everything, I thought people’s backgrounds didn’t matter so much any more: it was what they did with their lives that counted. But perhaps I was wrong about that. Perhaps it all mattered to Oliver and his family.
It wasn’t until the following morning that he opened the letter from Clemency. He wandered around my bedroom with it while I was still lolling in bed with an early morning cup of tea, and I couldn’t tell from his expression what it contained or what he thought of it. In the end he handed it to me.
‘What do you think?’ he said.
I read it through once, and again. I looked up at him. He was frowning again.
‘I think I was right about the International Brigades.’
‘Maybe,’ he said.
‘It’s starting to add up to something, Oliver.’
‘We need to be careful we don’t put two and two together and make twenty-two,’ he said. ‘I still can’t see Grimshaw as anything but the victim in all this. He’s had his picture stolen and damaged, and his manservant killed. I don’t even know that we should be looking for this kind of thing in his past.’
‘Maybe it isn’t in the past at all,’ I said slowly.
‘In that case,’ said Oliver, matching his tone to mine, ‘I understand it all even less.’
I wrestled with a sheet, trying to wrap it round me so that I could get up and pace the room like him. Somehow it seemed like the only thing to do.
Suddenly there was a knock at the outer door of the suite. I tried to get back into bed, fell over and started to giggle. Meanwhile Oliver went to the door. I heard him speaking to someone in a low voice and, once I had stopped giggling, a rustling sound that could have been a banknote being handed over.
‘Pull yourself together, Flora, we’ve got to get a move on,’ he said, coming back into the room as I at last stood up, the sheet pulled up to calf-level to ensure I could walk in it.
‘Why?’
‘There are people asking for us at the reception desk.’
‘Not Wassermann? How could he possibly know?’
‘I don’t think it can be Wassermann, but we’re not taking any chances,’ said Oliver, fetching his jacket and throwing it on. He began to knot his tie. ‘Come along, darling, we need to get out of here.’
I scurried into the bathroom with my clothes, quickly sponged my face and hands, pulled on my clothes and was out again within minutes. I glanced around for my handbag.
‘Lipstick – I can’t go out without lipstick.’
He grabbed the bag from a chair just as I was about to pick it up. He held it just out of my reach. ‘No time for that.’
There was another knock at the door. I jumped.
‘It’s all right,’ said Oliver. ‘I’ve asked them to bring us something different to wear.’
‘Disguises, you mean? Oh dear, they’ll think we’re completely mad.’
‘I’ve told them you’re an eccentric grand duchess.  They won’t think anything of it.’
‘Oliver, you didn’t!’
The disguises were rather rudimentary, consisting of a plain brown overall for Oliver and a floral one for me. I put mine on over the dress I had worn the day before.
‘You’ll have to do something about your hair,’ said Oliver, observing me critically.
‘When I was in France I dyed it black. But I suppose there isn’t time for that. Never mind.’
I reached for my handbag, now resting on a shelf.
‘No time for lipstick either!’ he said.
I quelled him with a look – or at least, that was the intention – opened the bag and took out a headscarf, which I wrapped round my head in Mrs Mopp style.
‘Can I do you now, sir?’ I said in my best Cockney accent, and started to giggle again.
‘Hmm, I didn’t know they employed colonials at Claridge’s,’ commented Oliver. In his brown overall he looked like an auctioneer or someone who worked in a hardware shop, but I didn’t say anything. We had to get on our way. 
Oliver put his hands on my shoulders. I felt their warmth through the layers of floral fabric – the overall clashed horribly with the summer dress I wore underneath, but like the lipstick I had to try and ignore that for the moment. He gave me a little shake.
‘Just for once, sweetheart, can you please take this seriously? If it’s really Wassermann who’s tracked us down again, it could be life and death.’
I stared up into his grey eyes. ‘I don’t think you really have to tell me that, do you Oliver?’
‘No, I suppose not.’ He released me. ‘Here’s the plan. We leave by the exit in the basement used by the cleaning staff – but not together. We’ve got to get clear of the place before we rendezvous, I suggest, at the bus stop near Selfridge’s, so that we can catch a bus up to Hampstead. Do you know how to get there?’
I nodded mutely, still unable to quell the urge to giggle. It must be the adrenalin, I told myself.
‘It’ll probably take ten minutes or so. You’d better go first. Take the lift down to the basement and turn left. If I don’t arrive within fifteen minutes, I want you to go straight to a phone box and call Stan at the Yard. Here’s his number.’ He opened my handbag and dropped in a small piece of paper. ‘Tell him exactly what’s happened.’
‘Shouldn’t we synchronise watches?’ I suggested.
‘You’ll need this too,’ he said, ignoring my frivolous comment and giving me a brown shopping bag. ‘Put your handbag into it.’
‘I’ll get you a nice piece of fish for your supper, Mr Q,’ I said, in character.
He sighed with exaggerated heaviness. ‘Take care. Go now.’
He kissed me once, firmly, and then pushed me towards the door. I took a deep breath, opened  it and stuck my head out in the corridor.
Chapter 29 Hide and Seek - Oliver
I wondered if Flora’s wartime escapades had returned to haunt her as we made our plans in the room at Claridge’s. Of course London in 1951 was a very different place from occupied France seven years earlier. On the surface it was quite safe, familiar and secure, but I knew appearances were deceptive. Someone could be killed in London just as easily, if they got in the way of a desperate man with a gun. We didn’t know if Wassermann had a gun, but I thought it best to assume he had.
I gave Flora a seven minute start; I guessed I would walk a little faster than she could, and I wasn’t so likely to get distracted by shop windows either. Not that she was all that keen on shopping. I didn’t think she had ever had the money to be able to go and buy clothes on a whim, the way my mother and aunt used to before the war.
It would have been nice to spend the night at Claridge’s under different circumstances. I had forgotten how well they looked after you there.
I reached the staff door. Time to concentrate. 
There were footsteps behind me suddenly. I pulled at the door-handle but it didn’t budge. I tried again. Flora must have gone out this way: what had happened to the door in the mean-time? I was on the verge of panic when the man spoke.
‘That handle’s very stiff, Mr Quest. I had to help Miss Murray with it too. Allow me…’
It was only our butler, the one who had brought us the overalls. I told myself not to get jumpy.
‘I hope we’ll see you again soon, sir,’ he said politely as he gave the door a good pull to force it open, holding it for me as if I were royalty, or a film star. Perhaps if we hadn’t been in such a hurry we might have seen one of the many film stars who were reputed to stay here. But then they probably kept themselves to themselves.
‘Thank you very much – you’ve been a great help,’ I told him, slipping a note into his hand. It disappeared so quickly that I wondered if I had imagined handing it over.
‘Thank you, sir. And good luck with your – enterprise.’
We couldn’t stand there thanking each other all day, so I left at that point, heading up the steps, through a little gate in the railings and out to Davies Street with a determined stride, trying to look as if I did this regularly every day.
At the junction of Davies Street and Brook Street stood the man Flora knew as Wassermann and I had seen as a joiner at the Festival of Britain. He held Flora almost casually, as if pretending they were lovers. I stopped in my tracks.
He smiled at me.
I approached slowly, assessing the situation as I had been trained to do during my police training. To judge from their respective positions, I thought it unlikely he was holding a gun on her: it was probably a knife. This was much worse in many ways, for he could use the knife without attracting attention the way a gunshot would. And it would be harder to disarm him without someone getting hurt.
‘Keep away, Oliver!’ called Flora when I got within twenty yards of them. I ignored this. It was exactly what I would have expected her to say. For a moment my angry instinct to save her became blurred with pride in her calmness in the face of great danger.
Wassermann still smiled and said nothing. 
It was hard not to see evil in that smile, knowing what I knew of the man, and even harder to accept that evil now stalked the streets of London in this guise.
I slowed my steps even more, coming to a standstill with about ten yards between us.
‘What do you want from us?’ I asked him.
He smiled more broadly. ‘Nothing,’ he said. ‘That’s the beauty of it. I want nothing.’
‘Do you need money?’ I said, feeling foolish.
He shook his head, grinning now like a death’s head.
‘Safe passage to South America?’
I took another step towards him.
‘You can give me nothing,’ he said. ‘But I can take her from you. So stay back.’
In a swift movement, dragging Flora with him, he turned and ran across the road. I plunged after them, narrowly missing being run over by a bus for the second time in a few days. My thoughts were as scrambled as a wartime radio signal. What did he want from us? Had he pursued us in order to take revenge on Flora for escaping from him in France? To finish what he started there? I didn’t think the Rembrandt had anything to do with it, or ever had. Was he morbidly jealous of our relationship, having been secretly in love with her all this time? I laughed at myself for this last thought, and then felt even more foolish than before.
I had lost them. They had vanished right in front of my eyes. The shops weren’t open yet, so they couldn’t have gone into one, even if Wassermann was mad enough to continue this chase among men’s suits and ties, or glass display cabinets full of jewellery, or glass shelves with scent bottles artfully arranged on them. I looked to my left and right. There was a very narrow entry a few yards past the spot where I had paused. I walked to the end of it, intending only to look along it, but as I reached it I heard a yelp, followed by an eerie screech.
I dashed into the narrow space, not even looking where I was going. It led me between looming brick walls, to the back entrance of a dress shop. And there, in front of the fire exit, I found them. To be accurate, I heard Flora’s voice first.
‘You’re not just a bastard, Wassermann, you’re a stupid bastard too! How dare you do that to me?’
She was standing over him, brandishing the knife with which, I assumed, he had been threatening her not five minutes before. His arm seemed to be wrapped up untidily in the overall she had been wearing, and he clutched it with the other hand as he half-sat, half-lay on the ground, cowering back against the wall at the side of the door. He was probably as uncertain as I was about which direction she would lash out in next.
‘And if you’ve got anything to do with whatever’s happened to Marjorie, you’d better tell me now where she is!’ she added.
I was pleased to see that he was no longer smiling. Instead he looked smaller, diminished, pathetic. Perhaps Flora felt that too, for she took a step back and said to him in a low voice, ‘You’d better go. If you know nothing useful.’
He glanced up and saw me. He pushed himself up off the ground and limped away, brushing past me as if I hardly existed.
‘Are you sure about letting him go?’ I said to Flora.
She nodded. ‘Someone else can track him down and throw him in prison or have him deported. It isn’t up to us. He won’t come after me again now.’ She held up the knife, her hand steadier now. ‘What shall we do with this?’
‘I’ll take that,’ I offered, thinking it was time to reassert myself as her fearless protector – as if she needed one. I put the knife, which as I took it I noticed had a smear of blood on the blade, in the pocket of my sports jacket, which I wore incongruously under the brown overall. Thinking about it, we had been naïve to imagine anyone would be fooled by such rudimentary disguises. Flora’s Mrs Mopp headscarf had slipped to one side during the chase, revealing her lovely red curls. I gently tugged at one of them.
‘What was all that about, do you think?’
‘I’m not sure. If he had really meant to do us harm, we wouldn’t be standing here now,’ she said. ‘I can’t help feeling it was some sort of a game to him.’
I nodded.
She pulled off the headscarf, used it to wipe blood off her hand and stuffed it into her bag.
‘Flora,’ I said. She looked up at me, her eyes deep green and fathomless in the dim light of the alleyway.
‘What?’
‘Promise me something.’
‘Only if it’s reasonable,’ she said.
‘Next time you’re abducted by a former Gestapo agent, don’t try and rescue yourself. Let me do it.’
She laughed delightedly, threw her arms around me and gave me a kiss. ‘Oliver, you idiot! I’m so much better at that kind of thing than you are.’
Chapter 30 Hampstead Adventures - Flora
I could tell Oliver wasn’t sure about whether to proceed as planned to Hampstead after what had happened. I had to admit I felt quite shaken up myself once the excitement was over, although at the time it had sent adrenalin rushing through me. I had stamped on Wassermann’s foot, got the knife away from him with a brisk chop to his arm and turned his own weapon on him then, relenting, wrapped the flesh wound up in my flowered overall to staunch the bleeding. I was pleased with myself for getting out of his clutches without either Oliver or me being injured. I had been afraid Oliver would try and rush him and end up being stabbed. 
Eventually I convinced him we should go up to Hampstead immediately. The Grimshaw situation seemed to me to be of critical importance, especially in the light of what Clemency had found out in Cambridge.
We went by tube this time and discussed it on the way. There was something about being so far underground that made it seem as if nobody was listening to us. Certainly most people seemed to ignore each other studiously.
‘So you really think the two things Clemency mentioned are significant?’ said Oliver as the train rattled along.
‘Yes, but I’m not sure how they fit together,’ I admitted. ‘How do you think she managed to find out about him putting his company up for sale?’
‘It’s just a rumour that’s circulating in financial circles,’ said Oliver. ‘She has her methods – there must be some use to studying economics after all.’ He sounded as if he didn’t really believe that. ‘I believe she reads the Financial Times from cover to cover every day. She might even have picked up a few shares, for all I know. I’m sure my father would be pleased if she had.’
I had already gathered Oliver had escaped the family banking business, risking parental disapproval. I suppose similar things had happened in a lot of families in wartime and since then. He did seem unusually bitter about it, though. Perhaps he was even envious of his sister if she had inherited their father’s financial acumen.
I forced myself to concentrate on the case in hand. ‘How accurate do you think the rumour is? And isn’t it about time Mr Grimshaw thought about retiring? There doesn’t have to be anything wrong in it.’
‘My point exactly,’ said Oliver.
‘Then there’s his connection with the Communist Party at Cambridge.’
‘Years ago,’ Oliver commented.
‘But it must have been a close connection if he fought with them in the Spanish Civil War,’ I said. ‘What if it led him into deeper waters? What if he fell in with the Russians and passed aircraft secrets to them?’
‘If he did that in wartime, it was because they were on our side,’ said Oliver. ‘He may even have been under orders from our secret service to do it.’
‘But maybe once he started, he couldn’t stop! What if the Russians wouldn’t let him go?’
‘It still isn’t conclusive,’ Oliver argued.
‘But it’s all helping to build up a picture, isn’t it?’
He sighed, and leaned back in his seat as the train rocked and swayed.
‘It’s just that it doesn’t fit into the picture I already had,’ he said.
I could see what he meant.  What we now suspected didn’t match up with the Mr Grimshaw we had both encountered, the one who was rich enough to have owned a priceless Turner picture and have live-in servants in his smart house in Hampstead. Not that visiting a pub in Camden Town for a reunion with comrades in arms from Spain was exactly a crime, or even something to be ashamed of, but fighting for the Republicans was incongruous and therefore, in my opinion at least, suspicious and worthy of further investigation.  The information from Clemency, although a bit sketchy, pointed to the same conclusion.
There was Marjorie to think of too. If Wassermann didn’t know anything about her disappearance – and to judge by the blank look on his face when I had mentioned her, he certainly didn’t – then who did? I had a strong feeling that we would find out the answer to this and other questions only by putting all the pieces together to make a whole image.
I turned my face to the window and rested my forehead against it, hoping the damp coolness would help me to think.
I had asked Oliver to telephone Stan from the telephone box near Oxford Circus tube station before we set off in case there was any news, but there wasn’t. However he said it sounded as if Stan was now taking Marjorie’s disappearance more seriously, and was planning to send men round to interview a distant cousin of hers they had tracked down in Southend.
‘It’s almost as if the pieces from two different jigsaw puzzles have got muddled up, and we’re trying to put the wrong pieces in the wrong one,’ I said. I remembered Sandy doing that to annoy me when he was at the stage of being a very irritating younger brother. But having said that, he had been extremely irritating almost all the time between the ages of about three and seventeen.
‘I used to do that to Clemmie,’ said Oliver suddenly, and we both laughed. He hadn’t even had the excuse of being younger than his sister.
‘If we get to Grimshaw’s about breakfast-time, we might be served with coffee and bagels,’ said Oliver, apparently in quite a cheerful mood as we came out of the underground station. He glanced at his wristwatch. ‘It’s only a quarter to eight now.’
 It was a bit of a trek to Mr Grimshaw’s house from there, but once we turned into Well Walk we could see the Heath as we went along. I wished we could just go up there now for a stroll and forget all about this case, which seemed to become more complicated by the day. I didn’t like the memories it had brought back about the war and the part I had played in it. I had fondly imagined I had laid them to rest after the Rembrandt affair.
The house was quite grand. There was a sort of hedge in the front, and I thought it was odd that the front windows were shuttered, but Oliver told me he had noticed that quite often, and he thought it was because Grimshaw didn’t like any of his furnishings to fade in the sun. It said something to me about a morbid need for secrecy, but I didn’t mention that.
We marched up the front steps and rang the doorbell. Oliver smiled down at me as we stood there on the door-step in a patch of morning sunlight that had fought its way through the trees. 
‘You look as if your hair’s on fire,’ he said.
I usually disliked comments about my hair, having suffered from name-calling because of its colour in the past – one of my former SOE colleagues had persisted in calling me ‘Ginger’ – but I thought what Oliver said was rather poetic, and I smiled back at him. I was just trying to think of something eloquent and spontaneous I could say to return the compliment when he frowned and said, ‘Katya usually answers the door more quickly than this. I hope everything’s all right.’
‘Perhaps they’re at the back of the house and didn’t hear the bell,’ I suggested. ‘Or we’re too early and they haven’t got up yet.’
‘Perhaps we should go round to the back and see,’ he said.
‘Is there a way?’
‘I think so. Just round here, look – follow the box hedge. There’s a gravel path but it’s a bit rough.’
We both started down the steps, with me following him, but he stopped and turned round as if having second thoughts. ‘Flora – I think you should stay here in case Katya does come to the door. Perhaps she’s just been held up by something boiling over in the kitchen.’
‘All right – take care,’ I said on an impulse. I wasn’t sure why I thought he would need to be careful, but I had a jumpy sort of feeling, as if things weren’t quite right. They weren’t, of course, what with Marjorie and everything, but I didn’t know why I felt so particularly nervous here on this respectable doorstep in broad daylight with the sun shining on me.
Nothing happened for a while. I angled my face up to the sun. I couldn’t do this too often as I always got terrible freckles, but it was nice to feel warmth once in a while instead of the pervasive rain and drizzle.
I glanced round at the neighbouring houses with their narrow gardens and abundance of shrubs and roses. No sign of bomb damage in this leafy street, and no Irish gangsters or their like either. I wondered if Oliver and I might live in a street like this if we were to get married. The idea unexpectedly made me blush. 
Halfway down the street, someone moved along stealthily. It caught my attention, and I watched for a while to see what was going on. A man dodged into a doorway. He had a startling resemblance to Peter Chalmers, Sir Bentley’s subordinate. I debated whether to leave my post. In the end curiosity won over duty as it usually did, and I was halfway down Grimshaw’s front path when Oliver came round from the back of the house and said, ‘Oi, where do you think you’re going, Flora? I need your special skills round here.’
I didn’t tell him I had seen someone who resembled Peter Chalmers. He would think I had imagined it. I knew that was fairly likely, since I couldn’t imagine what Peter Chalmers would be doing here on this street – unless he was tailing us, of course, and I didn’t know why he should be doing that anyway.
‘What special skills?’ I said.
‘Breaking and entering,’ replied Oliver. ‘I have a feeling you’re good at that.’
‘You know I am. I always carry a hairpin in my bag for these occasions.’
We went down a few steps and came round the corner of the house. Under other circumstances I would have paused to admire the garden with its blossoming trees and rose arbour, but Oliver had his hand under my elbow and escorted me straight to the back door. There was a little scullery window which was closed, otherwise I would have suggested trying to wriggle through it instead of fiddling with the lock, which looked rather substantial. But I got out my hairpin anyway and Oliver stood guard in case of curious neighbours, or a local policeman without very much to do. 
It took quite a while – I was out of practice, due to leading a more or less blameless life for some time – but eventually I caught the lever with the pin and pulled it back with a decisive click. 
Oliver reached past me and opened the door.
‘I’ll go first,’ he said. ‘Keep right behind me and be prepared to run or to think of a good reason for being inside.’
We spoke softly once we were over the threshold. I hoped we wouldn’t suddenly come upon someone and scream at the same time as they screamed, as might have happened if we had inhabited a farcical comedy instead of real life. It was all very quiet. The kitchen and scullery were at a lower level than the rest of the house, and there were stairs that probably led to the main rooms. The kitchen had a cold, empty feeling about it. Oliver frowned as we stared at the unlit stove and the rows of plates in a rack above the sink.
‘It looks as if nobody’s been here for ages,’ I whispered.
‘But it was only the other day I came up here… This is all very strange. I don’t know what to make of it.’
We crept up the stone steps and came to a door, which gave access to the front hall. There was a big solid-looking front door. I was glad I hadn’t tried breaking in that way. My spindly little hairpin would have snapped in two.
‘Here’s the study,’ said Oliver. ‘That’s where we usually talked.’
I noticed he had fallen into the past tense, as if he had a premonition that he wouldn’t be talking to Mr Grimshaw again here.
He opened the study door. It was all just as he had described it: big leather chairs, an important-looking desk. There were no used coffee-cups or plates with cake crumbs on them. If they had gone somewhere, they hadn’t left in a hurry but had planned to go and tidied up after themselves.
We searched the rest of the house. We had to do it, just in case Marjorie was there, tied up in one of the rooms as she had been in her own parlour in Paddington. I couldn’t think of any reason why she should be there, but everything seemed to have gone beyond reason now and she might just as well be there as elsewhere. The bedrooms were somewhat Spartan, even the largest, which we assumed had belonged to Mr Grimshaw himself.
We were in a bedroom at the back, looking in the wardrobe, which was quite empty, when we heard a noise downstairs.
‘Oh, my God, Grimshaw’s come back!’ Oliver breathed into my ear.
‘Maybe it’s the police,’ I returned. Either option would be equally awful and could result in the two of us being locked up. I didn’t know which I preferred. We listened in silence. I did wonder if we should get inside the wardrobe or under the bed, but doing one of these things would immediately make it seem as if we were guilty as well as getting us into a hideous game of hide and seek, which I had never liked even as a child. Better to face the enemy in the open, on equal terms.
There was some clattering downstairs, then we heard the unmistakable sound of footsteps on the bare wooden steps. They were coming towards us. Then there was a voice.
‘Ollie? Is that you?’

Chapter 31 Red-handed - Oliver
 I was filled with relief when we heard Stan’s voice on the stairs. It was the best possible option, and one I hadn’t thought of. Any local bobby would have arrested us on the spot and, although we might have been able to talk ourselves out of being charged with breaking and entering eventually, there would have been an unpleasant interlude while we were held in the cells. 
At least Stan knew the background to what we were doing and that we were acting out of concern for Marjorie and without any criminal intent. I took Flora’s hand and we went out to the landing together. Stan’s face, which had seemed mildly concerned, took on a thunderous expression.
‘What the hell are you two going to get up to next?’ he roared.
The uniformed policeman just behind him started backwards, almost falling down the stairs as he did so.
‘What do you think you’re playing at?’ Stan continued, advancing towards us with murder in his eyes. ‘This time you’ve gone too far – I’m going to have to put you both under arrest.’
Well, so much for being relieved to see him. I now wished we hadn’t come anywhere near the Hampstead house this morning. Or that I had come on my own and sent Flora home – not that she would have stayed there.
‘How did you get here so quickly?’ I asked.
‘Just bad luck – I was at Hampstead Police Station when the call came through reporting a possible break-in, and I said I’d look into it. I was on my way to see Grimshaw anyway. Where is he?’
‘That’s a good question,’ I said, wondering what he wanted with Grimshaw. His presence here couldn’t be entirely coincidental.
‘I was going to tell him Marek’s body had been released for burial, and he could start making funeral arrangements,’ said Stan. 
‘The house is deserted,’ I told him.
‘You mean he’s gone out?’
‘No, I mean it doesn’t look as if he’s coming back for some time. He and his housekeeper. Marek’s wife Katya. The stove’s gone out, everything’s tidy, there aren’t any clothes in the wardrobes…’
‘You and Miss Murray had better wait downstairs while we check this story of yours,’ he said heavily. ‘I take it you won’t abscond if we don’t watch you while we carry out a proper search of the premises? Then we’ll need an explanation for your presence here, and don’t think you can fob me off with some soft soap or a made-up story either. And no fluttering of eyelashes or widening of eyes,’ he added to Flora.
‘He isn’t really cross,’ she said to me as we waited in the study. ‘I can tell that by his comment about my eyelashes.’
‘Hmm. You may be right. But I have a feeling we had better be completely straight with him, otherwise he might lock us up just for the hell of it.’
They took their time searching the place, and we could have done with some of the coffee and bagels Katya used to provide when I visited Grimshaw. We were reduced to playing ‘I-Spy’, which became tedious very quickly, and then to searching the bookshelves for something to read. It was when I brushed past the desk that I noticed one of the top drawers wasn’t quite closed and the corner of an envelope was sticking out of it.
I couldn’t resist pulling the envelope right out and having a closer look at it. It was empty, but there was something tantalisingly familiar about it.
While I was doing that, of course, Stan and his colleague came into the room.
‘What is it now?’ he exclaimed impatiently. ‘I hope you aren’t going through the contents of Grimshaw’s desk.’
‘Just an envelope,’ I said, absently turning the envelope over and scanning the return address on the back.
‘Come over here and sit down,’ said Stan. 
I complied with this request – it was more of a command really – and handed the envelope to Flora as I did so. Stan himself perched on the edge of the desk, while the uniformed constable stood near the door, looking disconcertingly as if he were on guard. ‘We can’t find any trace of Grimshaw or this Katya in the house. It looks as if they may have left a day or two ago. Do you have any idea where they might have gone? It’s an odd time for them to take a holiday, with the woman’s husband dead and the picture damaged.’
‘I don’t know. I had no idea they were planning to leave,’ I said.
‘Why did you and Miss Murray decide to break in here? Did you suspect something was wrong?’
‘We discovered something that made us wonder what Grimshaw was up to. And then we didn’t get an answer when we rang the bell, so we decided to try the back door, and it was unlocked,’ I said, trying to look innocent. I could tell from Stan’s expression he didn’t believe a word of it, but I doubted if he would really arrest either of us. ‘We’re still worried about Marjorie’s whereabouts, so we decided to come inside and have a quick look round.’
‘What made you imagine Mrs Brampton might be here? Does she know Mr Grimshaw?’
I shook my head. I became aware that Flora was trying to catch my eye. She had probably deduced the same thing as I had from looking at the envelope. We must get away from Stan as quickly as we could, otherwise we would be too late.
‘We thought we had found a connection between Mr Grimshaw and someone we knew,’ said Flora, stopping short of actually lying to the police but leaving out a vital piece of information.
‘But I think we must have been mistaken,’ I said. It was true that the more I looked at the inside of Grimshaw’s house, the less likely it seemed that he was a frequenter of the pub near the railway bridge in Camden Town. On the other hand, the fact that he and Katya appeared to have fled was rather suspicious. I wondered how we could get away. We might already be too late.
Stan solved the problem for me.
‘I don’t think there’s anything much to be gained by hanging around here,’ he said, glancing round the study with an air of bafflement. ‘I’m going back to the Yard. As you two appear to be innocent acquaintances of Grimshaw’s I’m letting you go this time – make sure you lock up behind you. I’ll pursue enquiries as to his present whereabouts.’
He gave me a huge wink, apparently under the impression that nobody but me could see it. I wasn’t sure why he had transformed himself from cold-eyed guardian of the law to comedy policeman from one of the films Flora disliked so much.
We all left the house together and Flora pretended to do something with the hairpin and the front door lock. The uniformed policeman gave us baleful looks: he had been robbed of his prey. But I doubted very much whether we would have been welcomed at the local police station. They wouldn’t have liked the fuss Flora would undoubtedly have kicked up, for a start.
Stan offered us a lift, but we said we preferred to walk. As soon as the police car was out of sight, we headed down towards Haverstock Hill, where I hoped we might find a taxi.
‘Victoria?’ said Flora.
‘Of course,’ I nodded. We both breathed satisfied sighs. It was so good to be able to think in unison.
Once we were in the taxi, which fortunately was not driven by Wassermann on this occasion, she took the envelope out of her handbag. We stared at it. I think what had struck us both was the familiarity of it. There was a stamp on the back for Thomas Cook, travel agents, and it hadn’t been posted in the usual way but must have either been delivered by hand or collected in person from their office. It was identical to the envelope in which our tickets for the boat-train to Calais had been delivered last year when we were preparing to go to the Continent to try and find something that was lost. On that occasion we had found more than we bargained for. Would it be the same again today?
‘Where d’you think they’re going?’ said Flora.
‘The Orient Express, perhaps,’ I suggested.
‘I could make another guess at it,’ said Flora.
‘Go on, then. Have a go.’
‘I wonder if they’re on their way to Moscow.’
‘Moscow?’ I raised my voice so suddenly that the taxi driver turned and glared at us. It was just as well we were stationary at a zebra crossing at the time. I lowered my voice. ‘What on earth makes you think that?’
‘Well,’ said Flora, looking very slightly smug. ‘I noticed something on the bookshelf in the study. While you were all goggle-eyed about the envelope. Just before Stan came in.’
‘I wasn’t goggle-eyed!’
‘All right, don’t get cross. I won’t tell you if you’re cross.’
I sighed. ‘I’m not cross. Go on.
‘It was a Russian book. And another thing.’
‘Yes?’
‘Katya had used another envelope as a bookmark in one of her cookery books. They were on a shelf near the door. I saw it as we went past. It had Russian stamps on it.’
‘Blimey, it’s a nest of Soviet spies!’ said the taxi driver. I noticed the window between him and us had been open all the time, and he must have been shamelessly eavesdropping 
Many a true word spoken in jest, indeed.
Flora and I stared at each other. It didn’t make sense – and yet it fitted in with everything we now knew about Grimshaw. It even fitted reasonably well with all he had told me. It was just that he had left out much of the essential information.
‘Why should a Russian spy own a Turner painting?’ said Flora. It almost seemed irrelevant, and yet it was a very good question.
My own mind was working on a different angle. If Grimshaw had indeed been part of a cell of Soviet spies, then had we stumbled into the middle of something Flora’s old friend Sir Bentley Sedgwick was working on? I wondered how much we had interfered with his machinations. Or perhaps we had been part of them from the start, dancing to his tune like a troupe of puppets?
Suddenly the taxi journey was unbearably slow.
I leaned forward and spoke to the driver. ‘There’s a tenner in it for you if you can get us to Victoria station in time for the boat train.’
He was galvanized into action. The cab shot forward with such a lurch that we were both flung back in our seats, rolling against each other and laughing like idiots.
Chapter 32 Victoria Revisited - Flora
We didn’t pause at the newsreel cinema this time but went straight to the platform where the Golden Arrow was waiting to depart for Dover. The station clock showed a quarter to eleven, so we had fifteen minutes to find Grimshaw and Katya – assuming they were on this train and hadn’t left the previous night on the evening train. That’s what I would have done, in their shoes.
I wondered if Oliver would want to call Stan from one of the telephones at the station, but he said we didn’t have time to do that.
I thought Grimshaw seemed like the kind of man who would always travel first class, although that didn’t exactly match his principles if he was indeed a Communist, so we decided to start by looking in the first class carriages. Oliver didn’t want us to split up. He delegated to me the task of distracting the train staff while he went through each coach. I wasn’t very good at fluttering my eyelashes, no matter what Stan had said, so I used the more subtle technique of asking any railway employees I came across a really complicated question – in French – which did indeed distract them, but also held me up so that Oliver was always waiting for me impatiently at the far end.
We had been through three first class coaches and were starting on the fourth when we were delayed even more by having to explain to the ticket inspector why we didn’t have tickets – Oliver had paused to obtain platform tickets but it was almost time for the train to depart so the inspector was concerned that we might be planning to stay on. Eventually we convinced him we had an important document to pass on to a colleague on the train, but we didn’t know where he was seated, although we thought he would be in first class.
Just ahead of us as we passed the inspector, some sort of fracas was taking place. My steps slowed then speeded up as I realised what was going on.
‘It’s Peter Chalmers!’ I whispered to Oliver. ‘He’s struggling with someone.’
‘Oh, damn, I think it’s Katya,’ said Oliver, and we both hurried towards the row of seats where the struggle was taking place. As we approached we found Grimshaw, still seated, attacking Peter with his stick while Peter tried to pull Katya away. I didn’t know whose side we should take or what we could do in any case. Was Peter really still in the employment of the secret service? Or had he struck out on his own?
 At that moment a railway guard came running along the aisle from the opposite direction.
‘Oh, inspector, this man is attacking me!’ wailed Katya. We heard Grimshaw growling something, presumably in Katya’s defence.
Peter put his hand in an inside pocket of his jacket, perhaps to bring out a form of identification, and Katya shrieked, ‘Look out, he’s got a gun!’
Several people around us dived for cover, but not the railway guard, who heroically captured Peter in a rugby tackle, flinging him right down to the floor of the coach.
Beside me, Oliver sighed. ‘I suppose we’d better intervene. Just stay back, Flora, in case one of them is armed – I don’t think it will be Peter Chalmers, though.’
We walked towards the scene, pushing past other passengers who were making themselves scarce. Oliver helped the train guard up, saying to him urgently, ‘Leave this to us. There’s more going on here than you know about.’
‘It’s my job to protect my passengers,’ grumbled the man.
Peter Chalmers levered himself up from the floor and at last produced his identification card. ‘I’m arresting two of your passengers. Please don’t get in my way again.’
‘He’s telling wicked lies!’ screeched Katya.
And behind her, like a gruff counterpoint, came Grimshaw’s voice, calm and measured. ‘Keep very still, otherwise somebody is going to get hurt.’
I couldn’t understand why the railway guard, Peter Chalmers and Oliver all stopped dead until someone moved out of the way and I saw that Grimshaw had stood up and was holding a small but dangerous-looking gun. Katya’s screeching had been a diversionary tactic, much more effective than either eyelash-fluttering or asking complicated questions in French.
‘Get down behind the seats, Flora,’ muttered Oliver, but there was something horribly fascinating about the scene in front of me, and I couldn’t take my eyes off it.
‘Come along, Mr Grimshaw,’ said Peter Chalmers. ‘You have no chance of getting away, so you might as well give me the gun.’ He even held out his hand, presumably hoping Grimshaw would simply drop the weapon into it. But I had seen desperation in Grimshaw’s face, and I knew he wouldn’t.
‘I have every chance of getting away,’ said Grimshaw. At that moment the train started to move away from the platform with a slight bump, and the guard, Peter Chalmers and Oliver all lurched down the coach a bit. I was holding on to the back of a seat and Grimshaw leant on his stick. We were the only ones still standing upright when he caught my eye, raised the gun and fired it twice.
Chapter 33 Stanley’s Ultimatum - Oliver
I thought we were all goners when I heard the gunshots. Even if he hadn’t been aiming at anyone in particular the ricochet off the carriage walls could have done it. The train guard and Peter Chalmers had lost their balance as the train started, and I had bumped into them. We were all very vulnerable, and I expected Grimshaw and Katya to take advantage of it, although we all covered our heads when we heard the first shot. I just hoped Flora had got down on the floor as I had told her to.
I should have known she wouldn’t have. The next thing I heard was her voice.
‘He shot Katya once in the back of the head and then turned the gun on himself. It’s safe to look now.’
Her voice was steady, only a little higher than usual. I looked up. She stood perfectly still in the central gangway, holding on to the back of a seat. Her face was as white as it had been when I saw her after the trolley-bus incident. As I watched, she reached up calmly and pulled the communication cord, and in a moment the train brakes came on with a squeal and a thud, and in a few more minutes we had come to a stop.
By that time I had my arms around her and her face was hidden in the front of my jacket because I didn’t want her to look at Grimshaw and Katya any more and she seemed to be unable to look away of her own volition.
Peter Chalmers was checking that they were both dead, although it seemed that they must be. I wondered how he felt about losing his prey at the last moment like this. Presumably they could have interrogated Grimshaw and perhaps found out more about the Soviet spy network everyone knew must be in operation all across Europe. Or perhaps he had – as I knew Flora and her colleagues had during the war – a pill that he would have taken to end it all and stop himself from giving anything away.
I wondered about the extent of Katya’s involvement. Had she been a helpless pawn, or had the impetus to become a Communist originated with her?
The coach emptied as we stood there. The train staff now had instructions from the police to evacuate the rest of the train and move all the unfortunate bystanders into another coach where their names and addresses and if applicable their statements about what happened could be taken by the police. For us it was a slightly different story. Eventually Peter Chalmers might be able to convince them we weren’t suspects in the case and we would come under the protection or otherwise of the secret service. The police probably wouldn’t get a look-in, unless they were needed to provide a cover story.
Sir Bentley himself confirmed this when we spoke to him a couple of days later. 
‘It’s a security matter. This is completely and utterly confidential,’ he said to Flora and me as we sat opposite him in his office again. ‘I’m only telling you the whole story because I know you’ll go poking about until you find it out anyway. This way, I can impress upon both of you that it’s an official secret and if you even mention it outside this room, we’ll find out and you’ll be in very serious trouble.’
Flora glanced round at me and made a face. I tried not to laugh. Sir Bentley’s face became, if that were possible, even more impassive.
‘The whole thing started out as a plot to assassinate someone very important. A member of the royal family. Someone who was to be in the V.I.P. party at the opening ceremony of the Festival of Britain at the South Bank. Grimshaw and his associates decided to offer the picture to be displayed in the Lion and Unicorn Pavilion in the knowledge that it was so important that nobody would quibble about him providing his own guard for it. That guard, Marek, would then have an excellent opportunity to carry out the assassination during the ceremony. He had a reason for being in attendance on the day, and a prime position near the picture. He was completely loyal to Grimshaw and to the Communist Party. His own life meant nothing by comparison. After his death we found a gun concealed on his person.’
‘Yes – Marek’s death,’ I said, determined not to allow him to hold the floor without interruption. ‘How do you explain that? Did Wassermann kill him?’
Sir Bentley nodded. He seemed, uncharacteristically for him, shame-faced about it.
‘We hired Wassermann to carry out the murder, with an accomplice, once we established that Marek was up to no good. We had been trying to catch Grimshaw out for some considerable time. All the members of his cosy little group of old comrades have now been arrested.’
Beside me I felt Flora give a start as she absorbed the news about Wassermann, but she didn’t speak at that point. Sir Bentley glanced at her quizzically and continued,
‘When we decided to use Wassermann, we had a look in our records for someone who had known him while he was in the Gestapo. We thought that by planting the idea of Wassermann in your mind,  Flora, and by introducing him to Mr Quest at the time when the picture was being hung in the pavilion, we could ensure that you would lead the police to him as the culprit. Marek could be portrayed as a victim, a Polish immigrant with a concentration camp tattoo, and Wassermann as someone he recognised from his past, who had to get rid of him before he accused Wassermann of war crimes. The police and the public would be unaware of the Soviet plot, and the spy issue wouldn’t be allowed to spoil the Festival of Britain for everyone.’
‘What about the picture?’ I asked.
Sir Bentley appeared studiously bland. ‘What about the picture?’ he said after a moment’s pause. I gazed at him.
‘Did you hire Wassermann to steal the picture too?’
‘Well.’ Sir Bentley shrugged his shoulders and glanced down at the desk in front of him. ‘The picture was part of the whole exercise. If Marek was supposed to have died trying to protect it, we couldn’t very well leave it hanging there as if nothing had happened – could we, now?’
‘Was he the one who painted the Nazi slogan on it and rammed it into a drainpipe in Camden Town? Was he following orders from you when he did that? I suppose following orders came naturally to someone like him!’
I didn’t realise until Flora patted me on the arm soothingly that my hands were clenched at my sides as I spoke, and my leg muscles were preparing for me to stand up and loom over her old boss.
‘My dear Quest, we couldn’t do one thing without the other. We had to save the Royal Family and the other V.I.P.s. No matter what the cost.’
‘I appreciate that,’ I said. ‘But couldn’t you just have hidden the painting in a safe place somewhere, and brought it out later, claiming to have recovered it?’
‘Ah, but would you and Miss Murray, with your combined detection skills, have believed us if we had done that?’ he said.
‘What about the men who threw Oliver on to the road?’ said Flora. ‘Were they in your pay too?’
‘They were acting on their own behalf,’ said Sir Bentley. ‘I apologise for the inconvenience caused to you, but we can take no responsibility for it.’
There was no point in arguing with the man. He was always going to fall back on the comfortable excuse of national security. I could see why Flora was often so cross with him.
‘So – what happens to Wassermann now?’ asked Flora. I glanced sideways at her. She seemed perfectly calm, but I knew from previous experience that she was liable to do something wild and unpredictable at those times when she was outwardly at her calmest. I didn’t want to have to restrain her as she leapt across the desk and tried to strangle Sir Bentley, for instance.
‘We’ll deport him,’ said Sir Bentley airily. ‘He’s played his part. We sprung him from prison in Germany to accomplish this task for us. He can go back there and rot, for all I care.’
It was an interesting moral question. Was it ethical to use someone who already had so much blood on his hands to kill an enemy of the state? Would it have been more ethical to ask an innocent – relatively speaking – to do it? Someone like Peter Chalmers, for instance?
‘But how could you be sure Wassermann would do it?’ said Flora, on a more practical note. ‘How did you know he wouldn’t kill somebody else while he was at it? Why shouldn’t he assassinate one of the royal party on his own account?’
‘He had mixed motives,’ said Sir Bentley, and paused.
‘Why did you let him frighten me and tie up Marjorie?’ enquired Flora. ‘And then kidnap her? Where is she?’
‘I’m afraid frightening you was just part of the plan, my dear. He may have been a little rougher than he needed to be with Mrs Brampton, for which I apologise. Oh, and kidnapping Marjorie was nothing to do with Wassermann. My men carried that out. That reminds me, I think you’ll get a pleasant surprise when you get back to Quest’s flat.’
‘Marjorie?’ said Flora.
‘Yes. We were afraid she was too close to the action once you two started monkeying around, so we took her to a safe house for a while.’
The man was unbelievably arrogant! It was hard to sit there listening to him gloating about all the people he had manipulated – including Flora, Marjorie and me – and not want to throttle him. If this went on much longer, I would be the one who would have to be restrained from attacking him.
‘What about the picture?’ I asked. ‘Is it really a Turner?’
Sir Bentley nodded. ‘It has been authenticated by experts and it’s now being restored at the National Gallery.’
‘Who does it belong to?’ I said. ‘Was it really Grimshaw’s in the first place?’
The spymaster frowned, his impassive expression giving way to a look that seemed almost pained.
‘You’re right to be sceptical about that, Mr Quest. Grimshaw hired someone to steal it during the war. Between then and the Festival he employed a forger he knew to paint over certain features so that it wouldn’t be identified when he lent it to the exhibition.’
‘So when he told me about his wife hanging it in the dining-room and his worries about cigarette smoke damaging the picture, was he just making it all up?’ I said, taken aback. I hadn’t realised I was so credulous.
‘He was never even married, as far as we know. But don’t think too badly of yourself, Mr Quest. He fooled other people too, for a long time. He knew the Festival organisers wouldn’t be able to resist his offer of lending the painting. But I have good news for you on that score.’ His tones were even more clipped than usual, as if he was forcing the words out through pursed lips. He paused for a moment and carried on reluctantly, ‘The original owner, who wishes to remain anonymous, has offered a reward for its return. After all your interference in this case, it gives me very little pleasure to tell you that you and Miss Murray appear to be eligible for the reward, as with all your bumbling efforts you led the police to the place where it was recovered after the South Bank theft.’
I almost fell off my chair in surprise. Flora put out a hand to steady me.
‘The reward will be conveyed to you in due course,’ added Sir Bentley, still with distaste in his voice. ‘I hope this will not encourage you to pursue other investigations in the future.’
‘Of course not,’ said Flora. Knowing her as I did, I thought – and hoped – she was lying through her teeth.
‘Before you go, I have someone else who wishes to speak to you.’ Sir Bentley nodded to Peter Chalmers, who went over to the door and opened it, beckoning to someone outside. ‘We thought it best if he came here.’
Stan entered the room, looking flustered at finding himself in the headquarters of the secret service. 
‘Ollie.’ He nodded to me, and smiled faintly at Flora. ‘Miss Murray. I’m glad to see you’re both all right after your ordeal.’
‘Come off it, Stan, I bet you’d rather we each had a limb in plaster. It would have taught us a lesson.’
He flushed and said defensively, ‘I wouldn’t like that to have happened. But you were lucky to get away unscathed… Sir Bentley here has told me what happened, and I’m sorry you put yourselves in danger again by barging into the situation on the boat train. I just have one thing to say to you both.’ He took a deep breath, and the next sentence came out almost as a roar. ‘Don’t let it happen again! And if it does, please let it be on the Continent, or in Scotland, or Chicago. Please, not in London. I don’t want to see you in my office at the Yard again. Do you understand?’
Flora laughed, but I knew Stan was deadly serious.
I met his eyes with a serious gaze and said, ‘Don’t worry Stan, you can trust me. We’ll be as good as gold from now on – won’t we, Flora?’
She sobered up and looked from me to Stan and back. There was still a little mischievous twinkle in her eye as she said, ‘We certainly will, Oliver.’
Chapter 34 Dancing on the Fairway - Flora
We were tourists at last, up at Westminster for the day to see the sights.
We had been to the Festival Gardens at Battersea. We had seen the Guinness Clock and I had achieved my ambition to travel on the Far Tottering and Oyster Creek Railway. We had put on 3D glasses and watched things jump out at us from the screen. We had edified and educated ourselves by trudging round every single pavilion at the South Bank.
Now we were resting our feet and eating ice-cream. The sun was out at last. Everyone was smiling, and the whole Festival site was full of colour just as I remembered it from our brief visit the day before it opened. I wanted to stay here for ever. I said so to Oliver and Marjorie, who had at last dragged herself away from the wireless, although she still insisted she was planning to leave at four-thirty to make sure of being home in time for the BBC six o’clock news. She tended to think nothing had happened in the world until it was announced on the BBC news. This was quite convenient as it happened, because it helped her to forget about her time in the safe house. In any case she seemed to have enjoyed it there: she claimed the food was better than anything she could afford, and the wireless reception clearer than it was in Oliver’s flat.
We planned to move back to Marjorie’s house the following day. It had been difficult to convince her it was now safe there, so in the end we asked Peter Chalmers to tell her. 
‘It’s a bit too noisy,’ said Oliver, ‘but I can see why you like it. It’s very colourful. Even if some of the colours do clash appallingly.’
‘Everyone looks happy,’ said Marjorie. ‘I’ve never seen people smile so much.’
Considering that we had just come through a war followed by a post-war period when rationing was still in force and nobody could afford anything even if there were things in the shops, which wasn’t always the case, it wasn’t surprising she thought that.
‘You don’t mind finding your own way back to the flat, do you, Marjorie?’ said Oliver, sprawling lazily in the chair with his legs stretched out. ‘Only I’ve promised Flora we can join in the dancing on the Fairway later.’
I willed Marjorie to be all right on her own, and miraculously she agreed.
‘Of course, Oliver,’ she said. ‘I’m not completely helpless, you know. I’ve been on the bus by myself before.’
I squeezed her hand as she left us.
‘Enjoy the dancing, dear,’ she said to me. ‘You deserve some fun.’
We watched her as she walked off towards the gate nearest the Underground station.
‘Every good girl deserves fun,’ said Oliver.
‘Isn’t it every good boy?’ I asked.
‘Good girls deserve it too,’ he said stubbornly. ‘Would you like another ice-cream? A drink?’
‘It’s so nice just sitting here,’ I said, tipping my face up towards the sun and closing my eyes. 
We sat there in a companionable silence for some time, with people coming and going around us. There was a very slight cooling breeze from the river. We held hands. It was perfect. I thought of people’s grey ordinary lives, and how different it was in here, like another world.
Later we went into the Regatta Restaurant and had something to eat, and as it began to get dark the music started and people were suddenly dancing all up and down the area called the Fairway.
‘Come along,’ said Oliver, standing up and looming over me. He reached down and pulled me to my feet, and then into his arms, and we were dancing too. We leaned closer – I rested my head on his shoulder and one hand on his chest so that I could feel his heart beating.
We danced so slowly that after a while I started to feel the cold. I shivered.
‘Are you all right?’
‘I’d better put on my cardigan,’ I said. ‘I left it over there, where we were sitting.’
‘I’ll fetch it for you.’
‘No, it’s all right, I’ll go. Just wait here. Or you could get a drink while you’re waiting if you like.’
‘Don’t be long,’ he said. He knew how easily I could get distracted by chatting to someone or just by gazing at something new like the fairy lights or the reflections of the fountains in the water.
I walked over to the chairs where we had sat out in the open. I thought I had hung my cardigan over the back of one of them, but it wasn’t there. I looked on the ground under the chairs in case it had fallen off. It wouldn’t be the end of the world if I lost it. I had never been a pink, fluffy person anyway and it was a very pink cardigan Marjorie had knitted for me.
My gaze wandered over towards the restaurant. Perhaps I had left it in there. The place was locked up for the night now, which was annoying. I wandered over there anyway, hoping one of the staff would be about and might be amenable to opening up again just so I could fetch my cardigan. I peered in at the windows. Perhaps there was a back door. I made my way round the side of the restaurant, hesitating when I saw that it was all in shadows. I glanced back to where I had left Oliver. He waved at me. I wondered if it was a signal that I should give up on finding the cardigan and go back to dance with him again. I would just try going a little further to see if I could –
That was when I heard the voice.
‘Fleur,’ it said in a low urgent whisper.
I must have jumped perceptibly. Nobody called me Fleur.
‘Who’s there?’ I said in the sort of tremulous voice used by heroines in thrillers when they’ve ventured into a place they shouldn’t have gone. As I shouldn’t, I suppose.
‘Bon soir, Fleur.’
I couldn’t see him. The voice came from the darker shadows where the temporary structure occupied by the restaurant met the equally transient although more solid-looking pavilion next to it.
‘I’m not Fleur, I’m Flora,’ I said, trying to sound firm and courageous. I took a step backwards, away from him. I didn’t want to get involved in this, not on my lovely day when everything was perfect.
‘You are always Fleur to me, cherie.’
I put my hands out in front of me as if to ward off something. A ghost? No: I didn’t believe in ghosts, so I felt there was no point in one of them trying to haunt me. 
‘Don’t be afraid,’ said the voice. Didn’t he know he was frightening me just by using that other name? The one I had left behind in France. The one I had buried with –
Suddenly Oliver said, right behind me,
‘What are you doing, Flora? Haven’t you got the damned cardigan yet?’
He sounded exasperated, amused and very real. I turned to him with a gasp and flung my arms round him, hugging him tightly.
‘What’s wrong?’ he said.
‘I thought I heard something – round there, in the shadows. I was just going to have a look. I thought it might be one of the restaurant staff and I was going to ask him if my cardigan was there.’
He held me at arm’s length and studied my face.
‘And that’s what frightened you out of your wits?’
‘Let’s go and dance again,’ I said. ‘There’s nothing here really.’
‘We’ll have a look. Stay right behind me.’
There wasn’t a ghost behind the restaurant and there wasn’t a man from my past either. My pink fluffy cardigan was neatly arranged on a stray chair in the shadows. Oliver picked it up and slung it round my shoulders.
The idea of going mad and hearing voices was very nearly as frightening as the other thing that had crossed my mind: someone I knew to be long dead had spoken to me and called me by the name so few people knew. But dancing on the Fairway again with Oliver, having his arms round me and his calm voice in my ear to drive out that other throaty whisper, I began to feel much better.
One day I would have to tell Oliver exactly what had happened in the South Bank shadows, but for now it was enough to dance with all the other happy people.

The End

~~~
A message from the author

Thank you for purchasing this ebook. 
Cecilia Peartree has also written several mysteries set in a small town in Scotland – the Pitkirtly series. If you enjoyed this novel, you might like to try one of these:

Crime in the Community
Reunited in Death
A Reformed Character
Death at the Happiness Club
Frozen in Crime
