
Maverick Touch: The Cat

Ashley Nemer

Edited by Katia Vodin
Cover and Book Design by Ashley Nemer

Copyright © 2013 Ashley Nemer
All rights reserved.
Smashwords Edition, Licensee Notice
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

A product of the
Art of Safkhet

Published March 2013
Other Published works 

Blood Series
Blood Purple – Book One September 2012
Blood Yellow – Book Two July  2013

Holiday Short Story Series
Bud’s Christmas Wish November 2012

Poetry
Whispers of the Heart – found inside of 
Whispers in the Dark Spring 2013
Table of Contents
Chapter One
Chapter Two 
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty One
DEDICATION 

There are people in life that you just cannot live without. People who have touched you throughout and have given you memories that make you laugh, cry, smile and warm with just a simple thought. That’s my brother. So this is to my brother Ryan and his future wife, may your lives be full of mystery and adventure with more love and happiness than you could possibly imagine.

Thank you to Carole, Lori, Mez and Kate for being the first fans to read my words and still over three years later enjoy and support my writings. I’d also like to my entire group of Beta readers for always being there to give me honest feedback and ensuring my work is of the best quality. You ladies are the backbone of my success. 

 “I am what you designed me to be. I am your blade. You cannot now complain if you also feel the hurt” ― Charles Dickens, Great Expectations
CHAPTER ONE
Sunday October 28, 2012

Nadia heard the sound of her cell phone alarm go off at the same time every morning, five forty-five a.m., and today was no different. She always felt a little obsessive compulsive that she had to do the same thing every morning, she never knew why, it was just something goofy about her. It was Sunday, and even her neurotic tendencies needed a rest. Maybe she should write herself a memo and inform her psyche there was a new sheriff in town, because too much more of this, and Nadia was going to need serious help.
Her hand reached out towards the cell phone, slapping off the alarm.  She did what she did every morning and turned on the light and pulled out her Kindle. Her daily paper would be loaded and ready for her to read over coffee. She loved this device, everything she could ever want to read right there at her fingertips. She flipped through the articles and read while she got out of bed and meandered her way to the kitchen, where she opened the refrigerator, pulled out a Dr. Pepper, and grabbed a banana.
Her sister has been harping at her for years to start eating right, but at some point, Anabella was going to have to come to the terms with the fact that, the more she pestered, the further the priority went down on her list. As she peeled back the outer layers of the banana and started to eat, she read about a sale going on at the new pet store, Paws Pals, that had opened up around the corner this past year. She had wanted a cat for a while but had been hesitant. Cats were a commitment, and she wasn’t keen on commitments. 
Finishing the banana and Dr. Pepper, she tossed them into the trash and took her Kindle back to bed. Just because she had to be awake, didn’t mean she had to be productive. She pulled the covers up around her stomach and turned her television set on to the History Channel. They were supposed to run a special series today all about World War II and the ins and outs of that era. Nadia was a history buff; she loved learning about the different times in the world and which people ended up in charge. 
A few hours passed, and after watching non-stop Hitler doctrinarian, she turned the television off and started to get ready for her day. October and November in Cedar Rapids were cold. She had read this morning they were predicting snow later today, which meant she needed to get the snow salt ready and make sure her plants were covered along with her pipes. It seemed her easy breezy Sunday just got busy.
She pulled on her jeans and sweater and looked around for her other tennis shoe. She had a constant feeling that a ghost was misplacing her items just to toy with her. After searching her closet for a solid five minutes, she found it behind the suitcase. Now why would she have put it there?
Nadia walked back into her bedroom, grabbed the Kindle from the nightstand, and opened the application section on it to Facebook. She scrolled through her feed till she saw what she needed. The local bookstore was having a signing today, and she wanted to go scope the place out. Maybe it would be a good story for her entertainment column. She tucked her Kindle and wallet into her purse, pulled on her leather jacket, and opened the front door. The brisk, cold air made her body feel freezing as she walked out to face the world.
 “Come on, Lucky Leo, start up,” Nadia said to her car as she kept turning the key, trying to get the engine to turn over. “You can do it boy. Come on, work for Momma.” After a few minutes of coaxing, she was finally able to start the Toyota Corolla. She always wanted to name a car, so when she purchased this bad boy with her first lottery check two years ago, she decided to name him Lucky Leo.
She backed out of her driveway and headed for town. Groceries, bookstore and hardware store all needed to be tackled. She turned onto 1st Avenue and drove into the Home Depot. She was glad that they opened at seven a.m. on Sundays and not later like some of the other stores. That way she could get this taken care of first. She parked the car and opened the door. Again the cold air nipped at her skin. She was a native of Iowa, and because of that, she figured she should be used to this cold weather, but every time it hit her, it made her want to run for the south. 
“Can I help you find something, ma’am?” a young boy around the age of eighteen asked as he looked at her from around the stacks of STIHL chain saw boxes he had been organizing.
“Just looking for some snow salt. Can you point me in the right direction?”
“Aisle six. If you need help carrying it, ma’am, let me know.”  He gave her a smile and watched her make her way to aisle six.
Nadia looked over the selection and decided she really needed to bring her brother with her on these adventures. Kain always knew what the best brands were to get and how to apply them properly. As she read over the different brands she became resolved to figure this one out on her own. 
“You know any of those will work fine, right?” A man said from behind her. Startled, Nadia jumped at this and turned to look at him.
“I was just thinking that. I mean they all look the same, right?” She gave a nervous laugh and started to twirl her hair.
“Preparing for the storm tonight?”
“I heard it’s going to be bad, wanted to make sure I was stocked up.”
“Very smart, can I carry it for you?”
“No, thank you, it’s only a ten pound bag, I’m fine. Have a good day.” She smiled at the man and began to walk towards the register with the bag in her arms. She happily paid for it and made her way back to the car.  One task done, two more to go.
“Alright Lucky Leo let’s go.” She cranked the ignition a few times before it turned over; she needed to get Kain to check on that too. It was never ending, the constant tasks that needed to be seen to. She headed out of the parking lot on her way to Wal-Mart. It wasn’t her favorite place to shop, but they had everything in one convenient spot.
Inside the store Nadia roamed through the aisles, taking her time and evaluating the products. One thing about shopping that she always enjoyed was trying something new each week. Maybe it was a new dish, a new spice, or simply a new brand, but she made a point to pick up one new item every time. Walking down the candy aisle, she stopped at the Halloween products. She picked up two different candy packs for her nephews and tossed them into the cart. She started to feel her pocket vibrating and pulled out her phone; Kain. 
“Hey Kain, how’s it going?” She supported the phone between her shoulder and head as she kept walking down the aisle.
“Hi Nadia, you ready for the snow storm tonight?”
“I picked up some salt, and I’m at the store now. I’ll be fine. Hey, when you get a chance, can you come look at Lucky Leo? He’s having trouble turning over.”
“Yeah, but I think you need to take it in. You know they have mechanics for that.”
“But then what would I use you for?” They both laughed at her comment, because they knew he loved being needed.
“I was wondering if I could get a favor from my favorite sister.”
“Oh man, that means Ana said no, didn’t she…Is it bad?”
“Well, I haven’t asked her yet. She’s my next call if you say no. I needed to head out of town for the afternoon and evening and was wondering if you would take the boys today and drop them off at school tomorrow?”
“Sure, they can help me salt the sidewalk. Want me to pick them up on my way home from the store?”
“Yeah that’d be great. Thanks Nadia. Leon is good with salting the sidewalks. I’ll tell him to do that for you.”
“Even better. Alright, see you soon, and I’ll make sure to pick up the fixings for s’mores. I know how Daman loves those.”
“Thanks, I owe you one. See ya.”
She put her phone back in her pocket and went to finish her shopping. The boys coming to visit tonight were going to keep her busy; they were great kids but always a handful. She didn’t know how her brother managed being a single dad. It’s probably why Kain loved living so close to family, two sisters and grandparents to help out babysitting all the time.
Leaving Wal-Mart and heading toward Kain’s house, she thought she was forgetting something but put the thought to the back of her mind, knowing if it was important she would remember later. That’s what their mother always told them, if you forgot what it was, it must not have been important. She pulled into her brother’s drive and saw Leon come running up to her car from the front yard. He pulled open her front door, giving her a huge smile.
“Aunt Nadia!” Leon said, wrapping his arms around her waist as she stood up out of the car, laughing. 
“Hey there short stuff. How’s it going?”
“I’m not short Aunt Nadia. I’m tallest in my class.”
“Yeah, but you’re still shorter than me.”
“That’s because you’re an adult, and I’m not. But just you wait, I’ll be taller yet!”
“I know you will. Where’s Daman?”
“He’s inside with Dad. They’re packing up a bag. He has a new magic trick to show you.” Leon laughed as he spoke about his brother; he got a kick out of Daman trying to be a magician.
“Now stop that. You don’t know that he’s not going to be world famous one day. Then you’ll be sorry.”
Leon pulled on her hand, and they headed off towards the house. “Yeah, Aunt Nadia, that’s it, Daman Maverick, the great magician.”
Nadia always loved visiting Kain’s home; he kept it warm and loving. Both of the boys were happy kids, and he always had snacks laid out around the place for easy pickings.
“Aunt Dia!” Daman yelled as he came running down the stairs. “Aunt Dia!” He tackled her leg and squeezed tight. “We’re leaving now, right?”
She tussled his hair and smiled up at Kain. “Yeah lil’ man, come on, let’s get rolling.”
“Yay…” Daman ran off screaming out of the house towards the car. Kain handed Leon both of their bags. “Go put these in your aunt’s car.”
“Yes sir, Dad.” They watched Leon head towards the car and toss the bags in the back seat.
“I’m going to go visit their mom. I haven’t told them, but I wanted to check on her. She’s seemed out of it the last few talks we have had. I’ll be back late tonight.”
“Be careful. I know how you get to feeling sorry for her.”
“I know, sis, I know. But like I said, it’s just a checkup. Alright?”
“Yeah, gotcha. Let me know if I need to pick them up from school tomorrow afternoon.”
“Will do, love ya.” Kain grabbed her in a bear hug and held onto her tight. 
She started slapping at him playfully. “Yeah well, keep this up and there won’t be anything left for you to love,” she teased jokingly.
“Nah, you’re a tough broad; Dad and I taught you well.” He smiled and knelt down as his boys came running to say goodbye to him. Nadia walked towards the car and waited for her nephews to pile in.
“Shotgun!” Leon yelled.
“Hey, not fair! You sat in front last time.”
“You snooze you lose, sucka.”
Nadia ignored the two boys’ teasing as they all buckled up, and she drove them back to her place. She loved having them with her, but every trip was always some sort of adventure.
CHAPTER TWO

“Boys, come on, the bed is big enough you can both sleep in it.” Nadia tried reasoning with the two of them, but neither would have it. Only one was getting to sleep in her guest room, and the other was sleeping on the couch. “How about we flip a coin, and whoever loses can sleep with me tonight, yeah?”
“Yes!” Daman jumped a little in the air, pulling his arm up and down in celebration. 
“Glad someone likes that idea.” Leon brought in the grocery bags from the car and helped Nadia put things away. The boys came over frequently enough that he knew where each item belonged.
“You boys know what you want to do today before the snow hits?” she said as she set aside some meat and vegetables to cook for their dinner.
“I want to go to the park and play,” Daman offered up.
“Alright, we can do that. Leon, why don’t you put the bag of salt by the front door so we can be prepared, then help me with the pipes around the house real fast and we can head to the park?”
“Alright, Aunt Nadia.”
“I wanna help too,” Daman pouted. His lower lip was used to being worked when he wanted something.
“OK lil’ man, you come with me outside, and Leon can handle the bathrooms.”
Nadia and Daman walked into the garage and gathered up the pipe covers and the blankets she kept out there to cover her foliage. “Come on, let’s start on the side. Take the blankets and cover the shrubs, okay?” 
“Got it, Aunt Dia.” Daman walked to the plant and tossed around the blanket. Nadia chuckled to herself, watching him attempt to get things adjusted. She’d need to pick up firewood while they were out later to help keep the house at a good temperature.
“Daman, you need some help over there?”
“No, I gots it, Aunt Dia.”
They worked their way around the house, and Nadia went behind him to double check how secure the blankets were. Once they were done, Leon came outside with her purse and car keys. “Ready to go to the park?”
She swept the keys and purse from him, and the three of them loaded up in Lucky Leo. “I want to go to the zoo park,” Daman said from the back seat.
 “Oh? Well I think we can head to Old MacDonald’s Farm, they should be open.”
“Awesome.” Smiling as he looked out of the window as they passed the town. When Nadia turned onto Council Street, Daman started bouncing on the back seat full of excitement. 
“We’re here, we’re here!!”
“Calm down, spaz. It’s just a kid’s zoo.” Leon rolled his eyes at his brother form the front seat.
“Shut it Leon, you know I love aminals.”
“That’s animals; you should learn to pronounce things right.”
“Hey, be nice Leo. He’s your little brother; he doesn’t know better,” Nadia said as she pulled into the parking spot. “You used to say things wrong when you were his age too.”
“Did not.”
“Yeah, you did. Now apologize and let’s go see what we can go find.”
Leon mumbled something barely audible to Daman as they walked around the car coming up beside their aunt. She grabbed Daman’s hand and the three of them walked into the Children’s Zoo. 
“Look they have baby cows!” Daman pulled on her hand in the direction of the calf. “Can we feed ‘em, puhlease?!”
“Alright you can feed them.” Nadia let go of his hand. She and Leon watched as he ran as fast as he could to the area where the baby calf was being kept 
“Can I feeds him?” Daman asked the attendant.
“Sure, but be careful. Hold the bottle of milk real still so she can take it. That’s it, good job.” Nadia and Leon watched from the edge as the attendant and Daman talked and fed the calf.
“What do you think about helping me pick out a cat?” Nadia asked Leon.
“Oh, I like cats; I think we should!” 
Leon held a smile on his face after that as he chased Daman while he was leaving the feeding area. They spent an hour walking around and petting every animal they could find, and when it was time to go, Daman was too exhausted to argue who had shotgun.
 “Aunt Dia, look, it’s snowing outside. Can we play in it when we get home?” 
“Sure you can. We just have one more stop to make, then we can head home.”
“Where are we going now?” Daman asked with his face plastered to the window, staring at the white specs that were falling on the ground.
“Aunt Nadia is getting a cat, and I get to help her pick it out,” Leon said with his chest pushed out, beaming with joy.
“Aunt Dia, I wanna help too.”
“You both can help me. Look. we’re here. There’s a sale on cats right now, and I’ve wanted one. I just need help picking it out.”   
“I’m goods at picking stuff out, right Leon?”
 “Yeah you are good.” Leon leaned over and whispered to Nadia. “He’s good for helping you find missing toys, not for making life decisions; you need a big kid’s help for that.”
Nadia put her arm around Leon, brought his head to her, and gave him a noogie. “Be nice. What do I keep telling you? Be nice to your little brother.”
“Argh, Aunt Nadia, stop it! You’re messing up my hair!!”
Daman started laughing from the back seat, and they all got out of the car and walked into Paws Pals.
“Hello, how can I help you all today?” Nadia heard a man’s voice off to the left, and she turned to see a brunette standing behind the register.
“I’m here about the cat sale I saw in the paper this morning.”
“Oh, right this way. We only have one kitten left.”
The three of them followed the man over to the kitten bin where the four of them looked down to see an orange and black striped kitten.
“Can we hold him, mister?” Daman looked up at the man with his eyes big, his excitement trying to stay contained.
“Sure, and the name is Ramon.” Ramon leaned over and scooped up the kitten in his hands, and passed him off to Daman.
“What do you think Daman? Would he make a good pet to keep me company?”
Daman held the kitten up with his hands, inspecting him before handing him to Leon. “I think so, he seems feisty enough.”
“You spaz, he’s not feisty, he’s tame; he’s just a kitten. He looks like a tiger though, with these colors,” Leon said as he cradled the kitten and stroked his fur.
The three of them passed him around a few more times before Nadia decided she would take him. “I need a carrier. Leon, why don’t you go pick out one of those black carriers, and Daman, why don’t you get one of the litter boxes? I’ll go pick out a collar.” 
The three of them parted and went about their tasks. The kitten seemed to enjoy curling up on Nadia’s neck and batting at her strands of hair. She wandered along the walls, looking over the different products, when something caught her out of her peripherals. Ramon was talking to someone in the back office; there were envelopes exchanged and whispers murmured.  He looked up from the conversation he was having with the other man to see her standing there, watching. 
Nadia’s natural instinct was to question and dig for answers; that’s what being a reporter was all about. This time though, something told her to just turn and walk away. So that’s what she did. 
 “I need you to fill out this adoption paperwork before you go so you can take the kitten. I’ll need a copy of your driver’s license please.
“Is a copy really necessary?” She tapped her wallet in her hand, a nervous reaction to what her gut instinct was telling her.
“We need to confirm the application information, so yes, ma’am.”
“Come on, Aunt Dia, give him the license. I want to play with the kitty.”
Nadia handed Ramon the license and completed paperwork, and he began to check them out. She handed him the required cash and helped Leon and Daman place the cat inside the carrier.
“Thank you, Ramon, for your help. Come on boys, let’s get out of here.”
Ramon looked at the paper and smiled. “Thank you Ms. Maverick. We’ll be seeing you soon enough for cat food.”
Nadia got the boys and cat tucked away in the car, and they drove off towards her house. The snow had started to pick up was laying a nice blanket on the ground. “So what should we call the new kitten?”
“I think we should call him Stripes!” Daman suggested.
“That’s a dumb name Let’s call him George,” Leon said.
“George? That’s not a cat’s name. He looks like a tiger; he needs a strong name.”
“Oh, and Stripes is a strong name?”
“Stop it guys, but I think you’re right, he does look like a tiger. What about if we call him Tony the Tiger, or Triple T?”
Leon started to laugh. “Triple T? Aunt Nadia that’s crazy. Stick with Tony the Tiger.”
“Yeah, Aunt Dia, I like that, Tony the Tiger.”
“Alright, you hear that, little kitten? You are now Tony the Tiger. Hope he sure doesn’t eat like a tiger; we didn’t buy enough food.”
CHAPTER THREE

Nadia took the litter box and began setting everything up in the spare bathroom for ‘Triple T’, as Daman was calling him. The kitty watched from the edge of the bathtub as she put bowls out and filled them with water and kitten food. 
“Aunt Nadia, come look. The snow’s piling up!” Leon hollered from the living room. “Can we go build a snowman?”
Nadia picked up the kitten and walked into the living room, setting little Tony down with Daman. 
“Yeah we can. Daman, do you want to go outside and play too?”
Daman nodded his head yes as he stroked the soft fur. “Yes, but we need a real carrot for the nose, right Leon? Not some stick.”
“I think I can do that. You boys go get your jackets and gloves on, and I’ll grab the carrot and meet you outside.
“Yay!!” Daman screamed as he let go of the kitten, which was now hiding under the couch, scared from all of the noise.
Leon shook his head as he went to put on his winter things. “Kids.”
“You know you were no different at that age, right short stuff?” Nadia said from inside the kitchen. 
“I don’t believe you,” Leon said as he laughed at Daman who was putting his coat on upside down.
“Don’t laugh at me.” Daman said. You could tell he was getting frustrated with things. 
Nadia walked over to her nephew and helped take his jacket off and slip it on correctly. She zipped it up and kissed his nose before putting his stocking cap down on his head. She helped him get into his gloves, and within a few minutes, they were all outside. They all sat in the snow and began rolling three different balls together. Nadia watched the boys smile as they each took delicate care at their tasks.
“Okay my ball is ready,” Leon said as he pushed his large snowball to the middle of the yard.
“Help me get mine over there, Leon,” Daman said as he tried to lift it up on his own.
“Here, I got it.” Nadia stood up and leaned over, picking up Daman’s clump of snow. She walked over and set it on-top of Leon’s. “Make sure you pack some snow in there so it doesn’t fall off.” 
Both boys piled the snow on thick as she finished forming the top ball and placed it on the snowman. She handed Daman the carrot and lifted him up so he could properly set it on the face of the snowman. Leon pulled two rocks from his pocket and pushed them into the snow, making the eyes. The three of them stepped away from the snowman and all smiled at their work.
“We need a magic hat, Aunt Dia,” Daman said, running inside, kicking snow up in his path.
“I can’t wait to see what he uses as a hat; we didn’t bring any extra.”
“I’m sure it’ll be creative.”
Daman came running back outside with one of Nadia’s Halloween wigs, Leon laughed hard when Daman handed it to Nadia. “Here you go, Aunt Dia, put this on him.”
Nadia grabbed the wig and shook her head. “If we put this on it, won’t it be a her?”
“Oh, yes. Put this on her.” Daman beamed when she put the blonde wig on the snowwoman. 
“What are you two going to name her?”
Both boys stood there for a minute in silence, their little minds working hard to come up with a name.
“How about Ana?” Leon suggested.
“I’m sure your aunt would love that,” Nadia said while straightening the wig, making sure the hair was placed on straight.
“No, she needs a cool name, like Raine!” Daman exclaimed. 
“I like Raine. What do you think Leon?” 
“Yeah, it’s cool.”
Nadia saw the door was still open from when Daman had gone inside and noticed the kitten standing on the edge of the porch. She went over to the steps and picked him up, holding him close to her. “Alright boys, you play outside a bit, and I’ll get dinner started.” The boys both hollered back and began a snow fight when she went inside and shut the door. Her living room desk looked out onto the front yard, so she decided to watch the boys and do a little research for work. 
“There you go, Triple T. Just sit here on the desk.” She set him on her stack of papers and turned on her laptop. Something was off about the pet store visit today, and she felt the need to dig into what was going on with that man. She pulled up her search engine and typed in the name of the pet store. She noticed that a lot of police activity had been reported at the location. 
She read over the articles and police bulletins she found. Triple T started to purr as he slept, his tail swinging back and forth against her desk. She watched it for a few seconds, then went back to her reading. She found an article about a shooting that happened outside of the shop in their back alley. 
Interesting…..
Nadia was deep in a trance when Leon came into the room. “Aunt Nadia, we want pizza.”
She looked up at him and nodded. That was a good thing, since she forgot to start the dinner. “Coming right up. What do you want, meat lovers?”  He nodded and went back outside to continue the snowball fight.
Nadia ordered the pizza online from the local shop and kept reading more articles. She came across one that she couldn’t help thinking there was more to.
What really happens at the pet store? 
Date April 25th, 2012
You might have heard of the pet store that opened last year, ‘Paws Pals’. If you haven’t, now’s the time to read and learn. This new business seems to be cursed. It’s only been open ten months, and already they have had a fire, a break in, and a death. What could be going on with these dogs and cats to cause so much drama? Some people have their suspicions, but right now all we can report is this is definitely a place to keep a watch on.
Your Daily Reporter – 
Susan McRyan.
This article left Nadia wanting more information. She typed ‘Susan McRyan’ into her search and discovered Susan had been found dead in her apartment after what appeared to be a break in on May 1st. Nadia didn’t believe in coincidences. Her gut was telling her that she was onto something with this pet store. 
She brought up the VPN for her work, logged into her chat network, and saw her friend Gabe was online. She clicked on his name and began talking to him about her idea.
NewsGirl22: Hey Gabe, have you heard of Paws Pals?
GabetheMan: Hey Nadia-the pet store? Finally get a cat?
NewsGirl22:  Yeah I did get a cat, callin him Tony the Tiger or Triple T. Anyway-so the guy there was a bit off and I saw something shady go down out back. I pulled up some news articles and police bulletins and I think we have a story here.
GabetheMan: Oh? Awesome you want to do a team up like last time?
NewsGirl22: Yeah I’m thinkin so. Can you check with your PD contact? See if there is anything they know. You know Susan McRyan?
GabetheMan: The reporter who died earlier this year? Yeah what about her, she was nice
NewsGirl22: She did an article on this place, then a week later she had a break in and was killed, or so the article says.
GabetheMan: Hmm
NewsGirl22: I’m telling you, we got a winner.
GabetheMan: Ok don’t do anything till I call and check it out. We can talk about it tomorrow when you’re here.
NewsGirl22: k, see ya.
Nadia closed her laptop just as the boys came running in the house screaming, “Pizza’s here!” She paid the driver, and they all went and sat on the couch in front of the television. 
“Can we watch Scooby?” Daman asked.
“Sure thing.” 
Nadia pulled out their Scooby DVD and put it in the player. The boys ate and enjoyed their show, while Nadia slowly ate her slice and thought about what she had stumbled on. 

CHAPTER FOUR

Spot on, at five forty-five a.m., her alarm sounded off, waking her out of her dream. “Every bloody morning.” She turned it off and got out of bed, heading for the shower. She looked in on her nephews, passed out, their best side, asleep. Sweet angels, when they’re sleeping, she thought. She got dressed and fixed her hair in a cute style and went and woke the boys. It almost made her sad to disturb them. Tony the Tiger rubbed along her leg in the threshold of the spare room’s door while she looked at the two boys. 
 “I know, you want to play, don’t you?” She picked up the kitten and walked over to the bed, setting him down and gently stirring the boys awake.
“Aunt Dia, stop licking me” Daman said. Leon mumbled in reply, “Dummy that’s the cat.” 
“Hey, no name calling. Come on, get up, we need to get ready for school.” Nadia said, tussling Leon’s hair. “Pancakes ready in 10 minutes; be there or starve.” She left the boys and went to prepare breakfast. The kitten followed her and hopped up on the counter top. She could tell, by letting him on her desk yesterday afternoon, she had started a bad trend.
“You are going to be trouble, aren’t you Triple T?” She scratched under his jaw. He purred into her touch and his tail began swinging back and forth. “Yup, nothing but trouble.”
Nadia dropped the boys off at school then drove into work. Gabe was waiting on her in the parking lot when she pulled into her assigned spot. She gave him a little wave as she turned the steering wheel. She knew once he was interested in something, there was no stopping the lengths he would go to when he wanted to talk.
 “Hot chocolate, mi lady,” he said, grinning and shaking a Starbucks cup at her.
“Mmm, my lord.” She faked a little bow before grabbing the drink from his hand and taking a sip. “You look happy to see me. Something to talk about?” She eyed him with a questioning look. 
“Can’t I just be happy to see you, love?” He grabbed her arm and guided her towards their office. “Or could it be I have a bit of gossip for you that is to die for?” 
“Spill, Bill.” She walked into the office and headed right for their desks. She loved being partners with him; they were going on five years of, quote unquote, crime fighting. That was their inside joke because it seemed like every month they were getting into trouble with some crime story or some conspiracy in politics.
“Well little missy, I dug into your mysterious writer, and it seems that they did interview the pet store owner on her disappearance, but he had an alibi, so there wasn’t much they could do about it. It looks like they worked on the case for a week and then chalked it up to an unsolved crime.”
“Unsolved? But it’s so obvious. Are we going to have to do the police’s job for them again?” She drank some of the hot chocolate and rolled her eyes. “They should really, just add us to the payroll.”
“You know what the judge said, no more crime fighting for you for at least a year.”
Nadia scoffed at Gabe’s comment. “You think I’m going to let that stop me? You see there’s a story; I see there’s a story, so what’s the deal? Besides, I’ve been clean for five months. I’m jonesin’ for some trouble.”
“Alright, but when your ass is locked away for obstruction of justice, don’t expect me to bail you out.”
Nadia sat in her chair, laughing. “Oh, I won’t be calling you, since you’ll be there with me. Don’t cha know? We’re partners in crime.”
 “Oh lord, remind me why I said yes to this.”
“Because you love me, and five years ago I gave a poor, helpless boy a chance.”
“Ahhh that’s where you’re wrong. I was a man not a boy.” He grinned at her and tossed a folder full of papers on her desk.
“Men, always thinking they are more than they really are.”
“You two done bickering yet?” They both looked up and saw their boss walking toward them.
“Yes, sir,” they said in unison.
“Good, got a call this morning from your guy in the police department; I was told to tell you to proceed with caution. So spill, what’s going on?” 
They began to fill him in on everything that had been uncovered. Together everybody came up with a schedule for a six man surveillance team. Everyone was instructed to only work with their partners to make sure everyone stayed safe and accountable. Nadia and Gabe were to be the lead reporters on this story. Four new hires were assigned to stand watch and follow and were specifically instructed not to engage anyone.   
“Do you think we can win the hearts of a mob hit man with some cookies? As a thank you for my kitten?” Nadia said as she twirled a plate of chocolate chip cookies in her hand.
“Where did you get those?” Gabe asked her, the look on his face curious yet not surprised.
“The break room, someone is celebrating a birthday so I just took a few.” She laughed and bit a small part off of one of the cookies.
“A few? Did you leave any for the others?” Gabe reached up and grabbed the other half of her cookie and ate it.
“OK, so I swiped all of them; gonna rat me out? I don’t see you bitchin’ while you’re eating the rest of mine.”
“Nah, I’m just messing with ya. Come on, let’s go woo the mob.”
They strolled out of their office and went into the parking lot. Gabe knew she would want to drive. She liked being in charge when the story was her idea. “Should we play like we’re married or just friends?”
“I think we should go with married since he took my address when I had to show him my license to fill out the adoption form.”
“What? Stop the car. What are you talking about? They have your home address?”
“Well yeah, I had to fill out the papers for the cat.”
Gabe ran his hand over his face and shook his head over and over. “Nadia we can’t do this; you can’t go back in there. They’ll suspect you. How could you let them have your address?”
“Stop it Gabe. I had no choice; I wanted the damn cat. Now come on, just act like you love me and we’re married. It’ll be fine.”
“Act like we’re married, you think it’s so easy to be your man?”
She laughed, pulled the car onto the street, and pointed it in the direction of the pet store. “Yeah, just act like we never sleep together and I boss you around a lot. He’ll totally believe we’re married.”
“Funny, you described our actual relationship there, sweetheart. Maybe I should be upping my fee to washing my boxers.”
“Oh hell no! No perks for you! Keep those nasty things in your apartment.”
“There’s no fun in that. If I have to listen to you whine, I should at least get something out of it.” Gabe reached over and poked at her side. He laughed, watching her jump as she batted away his finger.
“Stop that! You know I HATE when you do that crap. How about this, I let you work with me, an’ I don’t kill ya? Seems fair enough to me.”
She signaled him by moving her head in the direction of the pet store, pulling off the main road and moving to the side street with the car. 
 “Just don’t do anything stupid, okay Nadia? In all seriousness.” 
She put the car in park and unbuckled her seatbelt. “I know, Gabe, same for you. Come on, let’s go bag us a story.” 
With her cookies in hand, she got out of the vehicle and wrapped her arm around Gabe’s when he presented it to her.
“Wife.”
“Husband.”
Gabe kissed her right temple and they walked into the pet store. Gabe hated the smells that a lot of pets gathered together gave off. She laughed softly at the face he made. 
“Stop it, Gabe. Come on, suck it up for me.”
“The things I do for you, woman.” Gabe’s attention turned to the man handling a cat in the back corner. The cat had scratched the man in the face and ran off into the back room. Gabe leaned over and whispered into Nadia’s ear. “Remind me to tell you why I hate cats.”
Nadia elbowed him in the ribs, and he made a little grunt. The man who had been messing with the cat looked up and walked over to them.
 “Hey, are you here to return that kitten you got yesterday?” he said, coming over to them.
Nadia smiled at him and shook her head while extending her hand presenting him with the cookies. “Oh no, quite the opposite, I’m here to say thank you. He’s a perfect fit for our family!”
Gabe rolled his eyes. She was laying it on thick, and he was sure that anyone would be able to see what a little con artist she was.
The man took the cookies grinning. “It seems you don’t think so?” he asked Gabe.
“Nah, the kitten was for her. I just gotta clean the poop. The things you do for love. You married?” Gabe asked in response. 
“Nah, no time for women. These cookies look great; you didn’t have to. Finding forever homes for our pets is my job.”
“Stay away from women, that’s my advice.” Gabe said, just as he felt a hard elbow to the ribs. He looked over at Nadia. “What? I’m just kidding. Married life is great!” He grabbed one of the cookies and walked over towards the cat toys hanging from the wall.
“Your husband doesn’t like cats, huh?” 
Nadia walked over to the counter and placed the plate down. She turned around, tossing her hair over her shoulder. “It’s not that. He’s just mad that he lost the bet. I told him that his payment is my little kitten. But seriously, he’s a perfect little cat. I was wondering, it was Ramon right? Anyway, I was wondering, when does he need to have his shots, and can I bring him back here?”
“Good memory, and no, you are going to have to take him to a vet. Would you like the name of a good one?”
“Oh yes please, that would be great, wouldn’t it honey?” she called out to Gabe.
“Yup, whatever you say hun.” He pulled down a collar from the rack and walked up to her. “Look, pink, your favorite color. Would you let me collar and leash you, pumpkin?”
Nadia looked up at him, smiling slightly and gritting her teeth. “Behave.” 
Gabe leaned over and kissed her nose and set the collar and leash set down on the counter. “We’ll take this please, then we need to be going.”
Nadia turned around and looked at Ramon with a smile and paid for the new items. “Thanks again, see you when he runs out of cat food.”
They left the pet store, and when they were safely in the car, Nadia looked at Gabe with the most dumbfounded expression she could give. “What the hell was that, a collar and a leash?”
“What? You know I think pink is your color. I’ve always said that.”
“You are too much, you know that? But I think he bought that we’re husband and wife, don’t you?” 
“Yeah, he did, but let me tell you what I saw as I was looking through the aisles.” 
Nadia’s head turned right to look at him; she waited anxiously at his words.
“On the floor there was a box titled ‘you’re next’.” He smirked and continued. “So I knelt down and pretended to mess with the collars and took a look at what was inside. I saw a lot of crime scene photos of a guy, looked to be Hispanic. His throat was slit, there was chalk on his face and the crime scene had police tape around it. Do you know what that means Nadia?”
She released the breath she didn’t realize she was holding and focused her attention back on the road. “Yeah, that means a police officer gave them the photos if there was police tape in them.” 
 “Yup, so we need to stay off the grid, completely.”
“That means you can’t call your police buddy anymore, Gabe.”
“Yeah, I thought of that. We need to prepare for the possibility that your buddy Ramon is onto the fact that you and I are investigating or that he’s about to die. Those photos were not pretty.” 
 “Did you recognize the guy in the pictures?” she asked.
“No, I didn’t. But I think you should come stay with me while all this is going on. You know, just to be safe.”
“I don’t run, you know that, Gabe, besides we don’t know that they suspect us of anything anyways.”
“Nadia…”
“No, not going to run. You can come stay with me, but I’m not leaving.”
“Gah, you are one stubborn woman. Don’t forget I am usually right in these situations, Miss Maverick.”
“You are only right because I let you be right. If I told you everything I knew all the time, then you would never have lasted this long with me. Men do not like their egos deflated.”
Gabe rolled his eyes. “Whatever you say, boss. Let’s get back to work so we can come up with a plan.”
“Yeah, but first we need to eat some lunch.” She pulled into Luby’s Café and parked the car.
“It’s 10 a.m., what are you eighty? Why do we need to eat now?” Gabe questioned as he stepped out of the car.
“You’ll see. I have a few tricks of my own, Mr. Sarmani.”
“Oh man, last naming me….never good.”
“That was only cause you Mavericked me. Now come, take my hand, husband. I need your acting performance for a wee bit longer, alright?”
“Yeah sure, whatever you say, Mrs. Sarmani .” 
CHAPTER FIVE

She pushed open the door and the bell gave a chime. The man in the back of the restaurant came walking up to the front. He smiled at them. “Table for two?”
Nadia smiled back and patted Gabe’s arm. “We’re eating for three. Do you have anything to accommodate us?”
Gabe turned his head to her and gave a questioning stare. She shook her head and focused her attention back on the host.
“Why yes we do; I have the perfect position for you both.”
Gabe leaned over and whispered into her ear. “Position?”
“Shh, I’ll explain later. Just roll with it.”
They followed the host to a back table, and they took a seat on one side of the booth. Gabe slid in first and then Nadia joined him. She placed her hands on the table and motioned for him to do the same.
“He’ll be right with you,” the host said before he turned and walked away.
“He? Who is he, and what did you get me into?” Gabe knew that Nadia knew people, but he didn’t like the feeling he was getting from this situation.
“Don’t you wonder how I always get the heads up on the big crime stories? I have connections. This is one of them. So don’t embarrass me, okay?”
“Good God woman, I need to put in for hazard pay.”
“Shh, here he comes.” She sat up straight and smiled as Mr. Talbot sat in the booth across from her.
“Nadia, such a pleasure, it’s been too long, almost 6 months since we’ve seen each other. I thought that judge had scared you straight.”
“You know I was just lying low. I can never give up my meddling.”
“Who’s this you have with you? I don’t like new people, you know that.”
“This is my,” she paused for a moment not sure how to introduce him.
“I’m her lover. She’s kept me a secret for a while because she didn’t want me to be involved in her stuff,” Gabe interjected. He reached out his hand across the table for Mr. Talbot to shake.
The men did their manly stand off for a moment, then Mr. Talbot focused his attention back to Nadia. “What did you need my assistance with today, my dear?”
“Have you heard of the pet shop, Paws Pals?”
Mr. Talbot nodded and looked at her very carefully. “I have, they’re a pet store in town. What’s it to you, Ms. Maverick?”
“Well, I’ve been doing a little digging into them because something seemed off yesterday when I was there picking up my kitten. And, call it a gut feeling, but I think you know what’s going on there. I was hoping you could help point me in the right direction.”
“I’ve heard they have an ‘in’ with the locals. Are you sure you want to go down that path?”
Gabe spoke up. “She loves getting in trouble. I think she might be biting off a bit too much this time though.”
“Quiet Gabe. Keep talking, Mr. Talbot.” Nadia sat there with anticipation; she hung on his every word.
“Very well, rumor has it that the owner, Carlisle, is actually a paid hit man, and the pet shop is his front. So when I tell you to be careful, I mean it.”
“That would explain why Ramon had the crime scene photos, and why that other reporter wound up dead after her news story.” Nadia scanned the room. She felt her heart picking up speed, beginning to race.
“Nadia, stay away from this. Leave Carlisle and his people alone. I won’t be able to assist you like I normally can, not with someone who’s in so deep with the locals. If you have already started inquires, they probably know about it already. This man leaves his signature on each of his kill, a chalk mark in the shape of a snake. When I say he means business Nadia, that’s what I mean.”
“Nadia, listen to him. Maybe we should reconsider.” Gabe started to plead with her when she cut him off and stood up.
“Thank you, Mr. Talbot. As always, I appreciate your time, and I promise I’ll be careful. Come on, Gabe, we need to get going, stuff to plan.”
Mr. Talbot nodded his head at her and turned to look at Gabe who was still sitting in the booth. “Good luck with her.”
“Thanks, I’ll need it.” Gabe left the booth and followed Nadia out of the restaurant and back to her car.
“So what do you want to do now? Go after a hit man?” Gabe said as they pulled out of the parking lot and headed back to the office. 
“I don’t particularly like that he’s a hit man. That doesn’t give me the warm fuzzies,” Nadia said.
“And a simple mob boss you would have been fine with, right?” Gabe laughed.
“I know it’s all crazy, I get it, but something is going on, and one of our own was killed. We can’t just let that slide, you know? Even us reporters need justice.”
“But it’s not your job to dish out justice. We aren’t cops, and this is a bit more than we’ve taken on in the past. I’m not so sure about it this time, Nadia.”
“Can we trust our boss, our coworkers? What about your cop friend?” Nadia’s mind started swirling with thoughts of how far into the system this man’s hands were tied. Could he really have enough power to get away with the murders?
“I don’t know. We have to tell them something. We set the stake out’s up already.”
“I think we should claim it’s a bust and go it alone.”
“Scully will be pissed if we cut him out of the loop; it’s his paper.” Gabe was always the voice of reason, even if she didn’t like what he had to say.
“He can get over it when we break the biggest story of the year.” Nadia drove into the parking garage and parked the car. They got out and went back into the office, where John from accounting was waiting at their desk. 
“Mr. Schmid, what can we do for you?” Gabe asked; his face always had the more innocent look of the two of them.
“Mr. Sarmani, this doesn’t concern you. Ms. Maverick, can I have a word?”
“That depends, am I in trouble?” Nadia moved around him and sat on the edge of her desk. She gave him a sweet smile and waited for him to give her the bad news.
“According to this, you haven’t turned in an expense report in three months, and your credit card has had activity on it every week. I’m going to need to audit your records, Ms. Maverick.”
“What are you talking about? I haven’t used my credit card in five months, not since the court case!”
“Well, it seems that you have been. Look at the records. Do you have your card with you? I’ll need to collect it until after the audit.”
“You have got to be effin kidding me.” She grumbled for a few minutes as she dug through her purse. She emptied out the contents and went through her wallet. “It’s not here.”
“Convenient. I shall start deducting these charges from your paycheck. I suggest you think twice before racking up twelve thousand dollars next time.”
“You have to believe me, Mr. Schmid; I didn’t use it. Someone must have stolen it. It’s not here!”
“I’ll have the card canceled. I’ll need you to sign an affidavit; they’re in my office. I’ll have one brought over to you. In the future, please take better care of your things, especially if they are company items.”
They watched him walk off and into Scully’s office. They both hated being on the receiving side of Scully’s anger, so she prayed that, whatever happened, it was quick and painless. Nothing was worse than having to listen to the lectures their boss gave.
“Damn Nadia, seems like the world is working against you today, huh?” Gabe turned on his laptop and pulled up his work login. “I think I’m going to let Scully know what we found out today. I know what you think, but I don’t feel safe having you go after a hit man alone.”
“Maybe we can just tell him later; let me gather a few more bits of information. You know, once he’s told, it’s gonna be hell, right?” Nadia knew he was right but really didn’t want to deal with the red tape that Scully would bring. She also didn’t trust the police contacts they had been using if this man supposedly was connected. Shit, they were just screwed.
“MAVERICK!”
Gabe and Nadia both looked up in the direction of the scream and saw Scully standing at his door. He was giving her a pointed look, and they knew he was pissed.
“Wish me luck,” she said, pushing away from her desk and getting up.
“You should tell him now, while he’s in a pissed mood. That way you only have the ass chewing once.” Gabe laughed. “Good luck.”
Nadia wasn’t feeling the warm fuzzies when she walked into his office and shut the door.
 “Yes, sir?”
“Don’t you ‘yes sir’ me. You lost your card, and it’s had charges racked up on it. All you have to say is ‘yes, sir’? I know you’re my best reporter, but Nadia, we can’t have this. Something’s got to give, because I expect more from you.”
“I know Scully. Look, I’m sorry, okay? I’ll fill out the paperwork and help with what’s needed. Okay?” Nadia tried to play down what had happened, but everyone knew Scully was big on taking care of company items. He felt it was an insult to his paper if you didn’t.
He rubbed the bridge of his nose with his thumb and forefinger while giving her the eye. “You know I make exceptions to the rules all the time because it’s you, right? And I shouldn’t be doing that. I should send you home.”
“But you won’t, right?”
“No, I won’t. Just get your act together. Now tell me about what you’ve discovered with the new story. I saw you and Gabe walking in like you had a plan.”
Nadia let out a sigh of relief when he changed the topic of discussion. She leaned back in her chair, grinning and tapping her fingers together. “You wouldn’t believe it if I told you, so just let me investigate and write the story. You’ll love it.”
“You have that look of trouble in your eye. Are you sure that I will? It’s almost like you’re up to something.”
“I’m not up to anything; does this look like the face of someone who’s up to something?” 
Scully burst into laughter and waved her out of his office. “Yeah, I don’t believe that for a second. Go do your thing, stay out of trouble, and give me any updates that you get. Make sure Gabe’s got your back the whole time.”
“Aye aye, captain.” Nadia left his office and walked back to her desk, grinning at Gabe.
“Well, your ass is still intact, so I take it things are okay.”
“Better than okay, Gabe. He’s given us his blessing for the story.” She couldn’t help smiling, she was so proud of herself.
“Did you tell him all of it, the truth?”
Nadia shook her head and began typing on her computer, mapping out what she would need to properly investigate. “Maybe we could follow the owner and see what his hobbies are, aside from offing people, and that’s how I can get close. What do you think?”
“I think you are bloody nuts! Get close to him? What, do you want to end up a victim? No. I think we just keep our distance. Maybe talk to Ramon a few times and follow him. I bet he’ll lead us to something useful.”
“I have an email approving our overtime expense for man hours. I’ll send out a schedule for the guys to follow.”
“Make sure they know to look but not touch, and same goes for you.”
 “Yeah yeah Gabe, always the worrier.” 
Nadia finished sending out the surveillance schedule, along with complete instructions about not engaging with any of the people coming in or leaving the pet store. By the time she had all of her tasks done for the credit card misplacement and the surveillance it was 1 p.m., and she was starving. She had lost Gabe and assumed he was off doing Gabe type things, so she went down to the deli on the first floor and grabbed a sandwich. Nadia enjoyed sitting in the atrium of the building and watching the birds play. During the winter time she missed the birds but decided the sunlight would be refreshing. 
She had her notebook with her, so while she had her ham sandwich in one hand and a pen in the other, she started writing out the opening to her story. She wrote and wrote and crossed out the lines she didn’t like. She preferred hand writing her stories. The flow of the pen and paper always worked better than typed keys on the computer.
When Local Pet Stores Go Bad
Have you looked at your furry friend lately and thought, “What was life like at the pet store?” If not, maybe you should. This reporter is here to tell you that not everything you see in reality is what you think. Local pet store owner Carlisle Ali has been arrested for his alleged participation in crimes across Iowa as a hit man.
Her train of thought was interrupted when she saw Gabe walking down the corridor and heading towards the back door of the building. What was he doing? She finished her sandwich and threw the trash away. She picked up her notepad and pen and went after him. She didn’t know if he had plans to meet anyone today, but she knew that look, he was up to something.
Gabe stopped just short of the parking garage outside, when she saw a police detective walk up behind the building. She observed the two of them whispering and shaking hands. What are you doing Gabe? she thought to herself. She knew that officer was his informant. Had he come back to tell Gabe more about the pet store, or had Gabe opened his big mouth and ratted her out? She watched them finish up whatever their business was, and Gabe turned around and headed back for the building.
She waited until he came to the side of the hallway next to her before she stepped out of the shadows. “Rat me out?”
Gabe jumped back and brought his hand to his heart. “Jesus Nadia, you need a damn bell. No, I did not rat you out.”
She looked him up and down, narrowing her eyes. “Then why do you have an air of guilt around you, and why are you having secret meetings with your police officer friend? Huh?”
“Not everything is about you, okay.”
“Yeah, I’m going to call B.S. on that statement. Come on, what did you do, tell him to trail me, make sure I don’t approach the hit man by myself?”
“Drop it, Nadia. This isn’t about you,” Gabe said. He pushed passed her and went back to the main entrance of the building, near the atrium. 
“Fine, but I know you’re up to something. I’m not stupid, Gabe. I know how you operate.”
“You don’t know shit about what that was, okay. I’m leaving for the day; stay out of trouble.” Gabe stormed off away from the building. 
Nadia was left not knowing what had just happened. This behavior wasn’t normal for Gabe. He never left work in the middle of the day, and he never spoke to her like that. Now she had two goals for the day, find out what a hit man’s hobbies are and find out what happened with Gabe.
CHAPTER SIX

Nadia waited for Gabe to return all afternoon, but he never showed back up. He wasn’t answering his phone, and she had a horrible gut feeling something had happened to him. She started asking around the office to see if anyone knew what happened, but realized she should hold back because Gabe didn’t like everyone knowing his personal business. If something was wrong she knew he wouldn’t want everyone knowing. She gathered her remaining items and went down to her car; she’d had enough for the day and could use a quiet evening at home. After yesterday with the boys, she was exhausted. Plus, she and the kitten needed to start bonding.
She made it home without any issues. Triple T was waiting for her on the desk, sitting in her mail basket, meowing. 
“Hey there, little guy.” She set down the items she was holding to pick up the kitten and cuddle him. 
“Are you hungry? Let’s go find you some food.” She took him into the kitchen and got his small dish for food off the floor. Cleaning it out and then setting it on top of the bar counter, she poured some food for him and pet his fur as he ate. 
“You know little guy, we have a lot of ground to cover if you are going to be living with me. I’m going to need a thinking partner. Are you up for the task?” She watched him turn his head up to her and lick his lips with his rough tongue. 
“Is that a yes, Triple T?” 
She laughed to herself while she prepared her dinner. Great now I’m talking to the cat like he understands me, she thought. Yup I’ve lost it. She mixed the vegetables and lettuce together for a salad, poured some olive oil on top of the leaves, and tossed the salad. She took the bowl over to the couch and sat. Triple T jumped from the counter and moved to sit beside her on the couch. She pulled out a book from the side table drawer and began reading. 
She was five chapters into the book called BLOOD MYTH. Her mind filled with the words on the page, Sorina and Zak’s life totally consuming her, when she heard a knock at her door. She shook off the wave of heat that had consumed her body and got up to answer the door. She looked through the peep hole and sighed in relief. Gabe. She quickly opened the door and smiled up to him..
“Hey you.”
“Hey Nadia. Can I come in?” 
She noticed his hands were in his pockets and he was bouncing from side to side on the balls of his feet. What’s up with that? “Of course, Gabe, come in.” She opened the door wider and waved him inside. He went over to the couch and sat down. He looked up at her and patted the seat next to him.
“We need to talk, Nadia.” He fiddled with his fingers and his leg was tapping the floor quickly.
“What’s wrong Gabe?” Nadia asked. She sat next to him and pulled one of his hands into her own and placed her other hand on his arm. “Whatever it is you can tell me.”
“You know I love you, right? That whatever I tell you, I love you, and I didn’t mean to make it seem like I …” He paused, unsure of how to continue. He took a few deep breaths and spit out what was eating at him.
“You know the man you saw me with today? Kevin?”
Nadia nodded her head; silence filled the room as she waited to hear what he had to say.
“I wanted to tell you, but he didn’t. He wanted the secret to stay that, a secret, because of the fall out; he didn’t think it would benefit anyone, letting it be known.” Gabe sighed. He took deep breaths, trying to calm his heart rate. He closed his eyes and squeezed Nadia’s hand.
“Just tell me Gabe, what is it?!?”
“Kevin and I, we’re lovers.” He turned his head and looked into her eyes. He expected to see her disgust, her hate, for hiding such a large fact, but all he saw was her smile.
“What are you smiling at Nadia?”
“You.” She leaned over and gave him the tightest hug she’d ever given anyone. She held onto him as if life was ending tomorrow. After a few minutes, Gabe pulled away and she still was smiling.
“I already knew, Gabe. Well, I didn’t know it was with Kevin, but I knew you were gay. What kind of reporter would I be if I didn’t even realize my own partner was gay? I’ll tell you what kind, a pretty shitty one.”
“You’re not mad I hid it from you?”
“God no! I’m just glad you finally told me. What, did you think I would shun you because you’re different? Please, I might have a twinge of disappointment because you thought you needed to hide this, but honey, I love you just how you are.”
Gabe leaned his head back against the pillow top of the couch and closed his eyes while letting out the loudest laugh Nadia had ever heard from him. Triple T looked up from his sleeping position and hopped off the couch, making his way over to the desk. The way he glared at Gabe made Nadia think he was upset that his sleep had been disturbed. “Thanks for not being mad that I lied.” 
“You didn’t so much lie as just avoid the truth, but it’s ok. I was more pissed you were talking to him after we agreed no cops, but had you told me you two were lovers, I wouldn’t have cared.”
“Yeah, but Kev didn’t want me to. But I told him tonight, I can’t keep hiding it from you, cause now it was going to an issue with our current story. Which, by the way, he doesn’t want us working on.”
“Why not? Does he know Carlisle is connected?”
“No, he just doesn’t want to see us hurt. I don’t want to see us hurt. Shit, a hit man? What are we thinking about doing Nadia?”
“You can back out if you want; I don’t have to have you with me. It’s just nice to work cases together, you know?”
“Not going to let you do it on your own.” Gabe nodded his head towards the kitten and asked, “How’s the adjustment going?”
“Nice segue there, but things are going good. It’s only been what, twenty-four hours? Too soon to tell, but I think he and I will get along fine.”
“That’s good. I’m glad you won’t be totally alone in the house any more. I always worry about you.”
Nadia laughed. “Like Triple T being here will actually be a deterrent to someone hurting me? You’re nuts, but that’s okay; it’s cute.”
“I’m still glad you’re not totally alone. I’m going to get back to Kevin; I’ll see you in the morning. We should be getting the updates from the boys who were on night patrol in the morning. That should be fun and interesting.”
“Yeah, it should. Alright, you have a good night, Gabe.” 
“You too, hun.” He wrapped his arms around her and held her close for a long hug. Nadia rubbed his back and knew that he was just grateful their friendship didn’t have to end.
She looked over at the time and saw that it was now 9 p.m., and she had missed her 8:30 shower, damn it. She hated taking showers past that point, but she refused to let herself sleep in her bed without showering. Walking into her bathroom, she turned the faucet on and let her clothes drop to the floor. Stepping inside the tub, she let the water run over her skin as she thought about what had transpired earlier that day. 
Nadia went to step out of the shower and noticed that Triple T had found his spot waiting for her on her towel which was folded on the counter. She laughed looking at him; his paws over his face and feet sprawled out nice and comfortable. “Little guy, we have to work on boundaries,” she said while pushing him aside and pulling the towel out from under him. 
She watched him roll around on the cold countertop for a minute before hopping off and moving towards the bed. Nadia toweled off and slipped into her pajamas. She loved her flannel snow demon pajamas. Her sister had given them to her two years ago for Christmas, and she always enjoyed a reason to wear them. She hadn’t spoken to Anabella in a few days and needed to give her a call. She sat on her bed with the kitten and called her sister.
“Go for Ana,” a voice said on the other end.
“Seriously, that’s how you’re answering the phone now? I don’t even know what to say to that,” Nadia said as she held back a laugh.
“What, you don’t like it? I figured we all needed a ‘line’ we were known for; I was testing it out. The boys loved it.”
“Well, if we ran our life based on what a six and nine year old thought then you know we’d be in some serious trouble.” Nadia moved around on the bed, pushing the comforter and sheets down to get settled into bed. She knew her sister was different, but sometimes she was a bit too out there.
“Hey, don’t knock it; they’re my target demographic.”
“Yeah yeah, we know, new TV show. Congrats, by the way.”
“Thanks sis, I’m pretty excited. I’ve never hosted my own show before, let alone on a weekly spot.”
“You’ll be fine; you know you deserve it. Cedar Rapids is going to have a bunch of home town stars on their hands before they know it.”
Anabella laughed into the phone. Her voice was genuine and refreshing for Nadia. “Yeah, won’t that be the day? You breaking any earth shattering stories lately?”
“Breaking them no, investigating a new one yes.”
“Oh, do tell. Remember what the judge said, stay out of trouble. I trust that you are ignoring that.”
“My God, I think more people know about that stupid judge and what happened than any other story I’ve covered in the last five years.”
“That’s cause it was funny as hell. I mean, come on Nadia, how often do you hear about a news reporter falling in a vat of oil, causing it to overspill and ruin a crime scene? I mean, you can’t make that kind of stuff up! It was classic Nadia!”
“Please don’t remind me; it’s like that event will haunt me. My tombstone will say, ‘Here lies Nadia. No, she didn’t drown in a vat of oil.’”
Anabella laughed hard into the phone. “Oh God, you’re killing me! That’s gonna be great. I’ll remember that when it’s time.”
“Oh, dear God! How many times do I have to say that the plank broke on me from up above? I didn’t know there was a crime scene going on!!” 
“Uh huh, sure, and how many people believed your story?” Anabella jabbed back at Nadia.
“Oh, shut up. Anyway, got some gossip for you.”
 “Now you’re just trying to bribe me into a new topic; good thing I’m a sucker for gossip. Spill.”
Nadia grinned and let a low chuckle out before speaking into the phone. “Guess which man came out tonight and told me he was gay.”
“Your boss? That man hasn’t checked me out once in the five years I’ve come and visited you at work.”
“No, not Scully, and that’s cause he is happily married.”
“That doesn’t mean he can’t look, right?”
“No, guess again,” Nadia said.
“No idea, just tell me. You know I hate guessing games.”
“Gabe.”
“Get out of town, no way! Didn’t you think he was?”
“Yup, sure did. You won’t ever believe who his boyfriend is either.”
“Oh man, do I want to know?” Anabella sounded eager even though she pretended to be cautious.
“Uh huh.” Nadia waited a few seconds and then said, “Kevin.”
“Kevin? My ex Kevin, the Detective?”
“Yes ma’am, one and the same. So now you know why that relationship didn’t work out.”
“Well fuck me running, how about that. Damn. Least it wasn’t me then.”
“Nah, wasn’t you, but I told you that back when you all were dating. I found all this out today; talk about an insane day with work and then this.”
“Yeah, sounds like it. I talked to Kain today. He said his boys went with you to get a kitten. What did you name it?”
Nadia laughed, thinking about how they came up with the name. “Yeah they did, and he’s Tony the Tiger, but I call him triple T.
“Aww, that’s cute, like the cereal.”
“Yeah it is. Alright, I’m gonna head to bed. You still coming over Saturday for our girls night?”
“Yes ma’am. Can’t have you forgetting how to behave now can we?”
“Such a smart ass. Ok, night chica, see you then.” Nadia hung up her phone and turned into her pillow. She felt completely worn out and was looking forward to a full night’s sleep.
CHAPTER SEVEN

Nadia and Gabe spent the next six days working hard on the pet shop case. The two of them had decided to switch shifts and split up with the rookies to teach them how to properly stake out a building. The first few days went well; there wasn’t anything major happening. The activity inside the pet store seemed normal and on the up and up. Nadia was starting to get discouraged after the week of hard work, when she finally spotted a man who matched the image of Carlisle  she had found, walking up the alley and into the back door. He had in his hands a small, brown box. It appeared sealed. “Alright Matt, get your camera out and stay close. You don’t want to get caught.”
“I know, Nadia. I’ve watched the videos and read about this. I got it.”
“It’s not as easy as you’re thinking; those videos leave out a lot of real world training.”
“Just go, okay, I have your back.”
Nadia was unsure of Matt’s capability to actually have her back, but it was go time, and there wasn’t room for second guessing. That’s when mistakes happen. They got out of the car and walked around the side of the building. Matt had his camera ready for action. 
Nadia peered into the window, and that’s when she saw what was happening. Ramon was being strung up from the ceiling. His hands were bound by rope and his arms were around a metal  hook. There was a chain attached to the hook and he was being held there, his feet a foot off the ground. She rubbed her shoulders, thinking how much that had to hurt his joints; he wasn’t a thin man by any means. His body was naked, and there were welts along his white skin. The street lamp's light was dim, Nadia tried peering into the dirty window but couldn’t make out what the welts were from. 
“This is great, my first case and already it looks like a murder; I need a picture!” Matt said. Nadia couldn’t move fast enough. She lunged for him, but he was already snapping off pictures. Her stomach sank when she saw the flash go off.
“Run, you idiot, RUN!”
She tried to scramble to the car. Matt was a few steps behind her when three large men stepped in front of them. Nadia slammed right into the middle one, unable to stop her feet in time.
“What have we here, Bruno? Why, a few peeping Tom’s I’d have to say.”
Nadia’s whole body shivered when she looked at the one they called Bruno’s grin. His teeth were yellow and rotting. She tried to back up, but the man held her arm tight.
“I’m not sure Dan, but this one here likes taking pictures. Maybe we should add him to our collection; I have a few pictures I strum through every chance I get.”
“Get your hands off me, you filth,” Nadia heard Matt say before Bruno gagged him.
“I think we should kill that one and keep her to play with. She’s cute enough. She’ll make for entertainment, least until Carlisle can figure out what he wants to do with her.”
Nadia’s heart was racing. Her fight or flight was kicking into over drive, and she didn’t know how to get out of this situation. She had called and checked in with Gabe twenty minutes ago, so that meant she still had forty minutes before he would begin to worry. Forty minutes. Could she keep them distracted for that long?
“Oh, you don’t want to play with me. I like to bite,” Nadia said, thinking, if she could engage them, then she might have a chance. She tossed her hair back over her shoulders and smiled at Bruno. “Unless you like that sort of thing.”
“Oh, I like this one boss; she has spunk to her. Let’s keep her.”
“Silence, Bruno. We don’t know what her game is yet.” Dan held onto her arm tight as he looked her body over a few times. “Carry any weapons girl?”
“Do I look stupid? Of course I do. You’ll see there’s a thing of mace on my key ring.” She thought to herself that, maybe if she gave that bit of information away, they wouldn’t search her and find the retractable knife Kain gave her that she kept hidden in her bra.
“Yes, you do look stupid, peeping into strangers’ windows. Who knows what you might find?” Dan slipped his hand into her pocket and pulled out her keys. The mace was there just as she said. He tossed the keys to the third man who had remained silent though this whole ordeal. “Get rid of the car.”
“I wanted to find a cat; is that so bad? I’m lonely and need company. I thought, maybe if I saw one I liked, I could come back tomorrow and get it.” Nadia looked over to Matt who had terror in his eyes; he was panicking and not staying calm. So much for all those educational trainings he went through, totally useless. “Can my friend and I go? We promise not to come back to the pet store, ever.”
“No,” Dan and Bruno both said unanimously.
Fuck.
“Bruno, get rid of him; this one’s the brains. We’ll take her to the boss so he can decide what he wants to do with her.”
“Um, excuse me, Dan is it? When you say, ‘get rid of’ do you mean, like, let go?” Nadia’s stomach was about to turn over. Had Matt just been sentenced to death?
“Yes, ‘let go’ like ‘meet his maker’ sort of freedom. You like that idea, missy? Your eyes are dilating; I bet that’s from excitement.”
Matt started to twist and wiggle; he was fighting back against Bruno’s hold. His eyes were wide and he was screaming, however, the gag was muffling the sound. Bruno wrapped his big arms around the back of Matt and picked him up. Matt began kicking his feet, flailing about, trying to get free.
“Please, please, let him go! He’s just a kid; he’s only 21. His whole life is ahead of him,” Nadia begged Dan. She wasn’t too proud to beg. She knew when she was up shit creek without a paddle, so to speak.
“Bruno, hold him still. I’ll just shoot him now and be done with it. We have shit to do.”
“No!!” Nadia screamed out. Dan’s hand came up to her throat and he squeezed. He cut off her voice and began crushing her wind pipe. She had no idea how much time had passed. Had it been forty minutes yet? Please God, let it have been forty minutes. 
“Stand still you little fucker,” Bruno said to Matt. He was trying to hold him still, but Matt wasn’t going to go down easy; he would fight for every last breath he took.
Off in the distance, Nadia heard the most beautiful sound, sirens. Thank God! Bless you Gabe. Forty minutes must have passed, or else this was a crazy random happenstance. The sirens got closer and closer. Nadia’s internal monolog began praying that she would get out of this. It was then she noticed her car was gone; the third man had made off with it to dispose of it somewhere. 
“Let’s get out of here. Come on, Dan.” Bruno started to panic as well. He released Matt who then started running in the opposite direction of everyone, straight towards the sirens. “Come on, Dan!”
Dan let Nadia fall to the ground and started running opposite the sirens that were approaching.
Nadia fell onto the concrete, and immediately her hands went to her neck; she took a few deep breaths before she stood back up and ran up to the officers that were approaching. She was gasping for breath, and her heart was about to jump through her chest. She stopped when her hands hit the hood of the police car. She looked at the driver, and her heart sank with relief; Kevin. She ran to him as he stepped out of the car, gun drawn. She wrapped her arms around him and held onto him tight. His big hands engulfed her body as he started to calm her down.
“Gabe called me, told me where you were and that you hadn’t checked in. We came as fast as we could. Are you okay? We can get you to the hospital to check you out.”
“No, Kevin, I’m not okay. Where’s Matt?” Nadia started looking around frantically for him. He’d gotten out of there, but she hadn’t seen where he went. She had hoped he made it out and to safety.
“No, just you. We didn’t see anyone but you and the two men who took off in that direction. Don’t worry, there was a cop car heading towards that end, and my partner went out that way too; they’ll catch ‘em. You’re safe now.”
“No, I’m not. I know too much. I saw too much. Those two men work for Carlisle, the owner. He had this man, Ramon, the employee I bought my cat from, strung up from the ceiling. It looked like he had been beaten or something. He looked like he was in pain. Go look for yourself. Then, oh god, Kevin, my car! A third man ran off with my car to go dispose of it, and that man, Dan, gave him my keys. He knows where I live now!”
“Shhh, Nadia, calm down. We’ll find it and him. Sit down in the car while I call in a BOLO on your car.” 
Nadia sat down on his driver’s seat and listened to Kevin call into his dispatch and relay the information. His back up arrived three minutes later, and they began assessing the situation. They broke the back door to the pet shop down, and Nadia heard one of the women gasp when she saw what had happened inside. Nadia got out of the car and ran to the entrance. Poor Ramon. His stomach had been slit open, and parts of his intestines were hanging out of his skin. His head was leaning forward, and there was a single bullet wound to the temple. She hadn’t heard a gunshot, so she assumed there was a silencer involved. 
Kevin turned around and saw her standing there. He went over to her and pulled her back to his vehicle and told her to stay put. She sat in his cop car and cried. So much had happened in such a short amount of time. It felt like her whole life flip flopped in one instant.
She recognized the SUV pulling into the parking lot as Gabe’s. She could feel his amount of anxiety as he came running up to her.
“Nadia, oh my God, how stupid can you be?” Gabe pulled her in tight for a hug. He was suffocating her with his grip.
“Gabe, stop, can’t … breathe…” 
“Shush, I can’t believe you almost died. You are a total fucking idiot, but I love you, and I called your brother. He and your sister are aware of what happened and are expecting a phone call when you’re able to. Thank God you’re okay.”
Nadia wiggled out of his grasp and brought her hands up to her face. All of a sudden, she felt very overwhelmed and light headed. “God Gabe.”
Kevin walked up to them, standing by the cop car. “Hey Gabe, take her home. I’ll stop by her place tomorrow and get an official statement from her. Nadia, give me this Matt’s information and we’ll track him down.”
Nadia was took shaken up to be useful, so Gabe gave Kevin all the information he needed, including Scully’s phone number. Kevin walked Nadia back to his car, and they left to take her home. 
“You want to tell me what happened?” he asked. His tone was low and curious but not mad.
“We had been sitting there for hours, you know? Then we saw Carlisle show up. He actually showed up! So we went to see what was happening. That’s when we saw what they were doing to Ramon. Matt chose that moment to be a friggin moron and start snapping pictures. I tried to stop him, but it was too late. I made him run with me, but we ran into three guys. I assume they’re Carlisle’s goons. Bruno, Dan, and then the third. They gagged Matt then took my car keys and mace. Dan gave the third guy my keys and told him to dispose of the car. I tried to keep them talking until enough time passed that you would get worried and call the cops. Guess that part of the plan worked. Matt escaped when the sirens came in ear shot. I’m not sure what happened to him after that. Kevin didn’t see him when they approached.” 
Nadia took a few breaths; that was a mouth full to repeat. Gabe reached over and held onto her hand. They rode in silence for the remainder of the car ride to her home.
“Nadia, isn’t that your car in your driveway?” Gabe parked the SUV down the road and pulled out his gun from the glove compartment. Since the new CHL law became effective January 2011, everyone Gabe and Nadia knew had been carrying guns.
“What are you doing to do?” she asked.
“What do you think? I’m going to go check your house out make sure that asshole’s not in there, then call Kevin.”
“No, you call Kevin first. You don’t need to play a hero.” Nadia unbuckled her seatbelt and made like she was going to open the door too.
“You are not going out there!” Gabe demanded.
“Neither are you! Now call Kevin!”
“Fine.” Gabe got his cell phone out and pressed in Kevin’s number. 
Nadia stared out of the window, off into the distance, watching her house. She ignored the conversation that Gabe was having because she suddenly realized Triple T was inside the house. What if he was hurt?
“Nadia, they’re on their way. We’re to stay put.”
She nodded and looked over to him, her eyes wide with fear. “Do you think whoever is in there would hurt my kitten? He’s just a baby…”
Gabe squeezed her hand for comfort; he had thought the same thing too. “I’m sure Triple T is fine. He’s probably hiding under your bed, waiting for you to come save him.”
“I can’t stay here tonight. I need to get my cat, get a few clothes, and go hide somewhere.”
Gabe agreed with her completely, but where would she stay? “Do you want to come to my place or maybe to one of your siblings’?”
“I don’t know yet. I need to call them.” 
“Don’t you remember? I told you already. I called them, and they’re aware of what happened. Once we’re settled with what went on with your car and house, we can give them an update again. No need to worry them before we actually have something to worry about.”
“I guess you’re right. What is taking your boyfriend so long to get over here? Doesn’t he have sirens to use?”
“Nadia…stop, you’re getting testy. They’ll be over here as fast as they can. Why don’t we go to the back seat and you can lay your head on my shoulder, take a little nap? It’ll help the time pass by.”
That did sound like a good idea to Nadia. She went to the back seat and Gabe followed. She curled up in his arms, and before she could count to five, she had passed out.
CHAPTER EIGHT

Nadia was pulled from her short fifteen minute nap when she heard Gabe and Kevin talking outside of the SUV. She looked around and noticed there were several cop cars lining the street. She opened the SUV door and stepped outside, her hands moving up and down her arms, the cool night air giving her a chill. 
“Hey Kevin, did you go in yet?”
“No, not yet, Nadia. I was gathering a statement from Gabe and waiting on back up.”
She nodded her head and looked off at her house. “Can you go in now? I want to check on my cat.”
“Yes, ma’am. You and Gabe stay here and preferably inside your vehicle. We’ll come get you when we have the all clear.
Nadia and Gabe both nodded and moved back into the SUV. Nadia appreciated the warmth the vehicle was providing. Gabe grabbed her hand and they watched the handful of police officers enter her home. She noticed that the front door didn’t need to be kicked down, which meant it was already open. That man had definitely been in her place. The officers made a bunch of noises, and four of them came outside. Kevin ran up to the vehicle, his face shaken, his voice edgy.
“Nadia, there’s been a crime. You need to stay put. He isn’t in your house anymore, but he was most defiantly here. There’s a body inside, we believe it’s your coworker Matt. I need one of you to come confirm the identification.”
Nadia started opening her door when she heard the news. “What are you doing?” Gabe asked.
“I am going to identify the body.”
“Like hell you are, you stay put.”
“Gabe it’s my house. I’m going.”
Kevin interrupted their argument. “I think it’s best if she comes. We need to know if anything was stolen, and only she can do that.”
Nadia wasted no time. She was out of the vehicle and walking up to her house within moments. Kevin and Gabe had to jog to catch up to her. The three of them walked side by side together as she approached her front door.
“It’s bad, Nadia, just to warn you,” Kevin said. 
She grabbed Gabe’s hand, and together they walked through the door. They made sure to stay where the officers told them so they didn’t disrupt the crime scene. Nadia squeezed Gabe’s hand tight when she saw Matt hanging from her fan. He had a rope tied around his neck and attached to one of the support beams of her living room. Gabe pulled her into his body, and she started to cry. 
“This is all my fault.” The tears fell from her eyes and down her cheeks. She held onto Gabe tight as the officers talked all around her.
“I take it that’s Matt?” Kevin asked.
“Yeah, that’s him. I’ll call Scully,” Gabe said.
“Wait until we’re done, okay? I don’t need everyone trampling the crime scene. Nadia, your bedroom is clear. It doesn’t look like anyone has been in there. Why don’t you and Gabe go sit down and wait in there until we’re done?”
Gabe didn’t wait for her to reply, he simply walked and guided her into her bedroom and shut the door. He sat her on the bed and went to her closet to get a warmer sweater for her to wear. Her arms were freezing, and he needed a moment to compose himself.
“Nadia, look who I found on your dresser.”  Gabe came out of the closet holding Triple T in his arms. 
Nadia’s face lit up when she saw him. “Thank God you’re okay, little guy.” 
She cuddled the kitten in her arms and curled up on her bed. She stroked his fur, and he purred into her hand. His rough tongue ran over her skin, and Nadia looked up at Gabe.  “I killed him; he’s dead because of me.”
“Not because of you… He chose to not follow the instructions and brought attention to himself. That’s not on you.”
“No, but he never would have been there in the first place if it wasn’t for me, so it’s my fault.”
Gabe sat behind her on the bed and stroked her head. His fingers played with her hair, trying to give some comfort. “Things happen, Nadia. You cannot take responsibility for everyone’s actions good or bad. This was the man who killed Matt’s fault, ultimately.”
“I should give up being a journalist. Look what damage I’ve caused, all the trouble I keep bringing to people, my coworkers and family.”
“Nadia, sweetie, stop. This really wasn’t your fault. I wish you could see that.”
“Gabe, you will not convince me otherwise.”
Triple T started to get agitated. Something was causing a commotion in the living room, and the kitten wanted in on the action. Gabe got up off the bed and went to open the bedroom door. He saw Kain standing there, talking with Kevin.
“Kain, over here,” Gabe called out.
Nadia sat up on the bed and pulled the kitten over to the other side of her body. She watched Kain rush into the room and head straight for the bed. There was some indescribable type of comfort a brother’s love could give.
“Nadia, pack a bag. You and the cat are coming home with me, right now.” 
Nadia nodded her head yes, but she didn’t let go of him. She held on tight, not wanting this security to end. She loved her big brother more than anything and couldn’t let go of him.
“Come on sis, let’s pack and bail this joint.” He grabbed her hand and forced her out of the bed. He led her to the closet where he grabbed one of her bags on the wall and held it out for her to start packing.
Gabe moved to the bed and picked up Triple T. “Where are his things? I’ll pack the kitten a bag.”
Nadia looked up from what she was doing and stared at Gabe for a few moments before what he said clicked in her head. “Check my bathroom. His carrier is in the closet, and his food should be in the kitchen. I have a few toys in the carrier too, that I haven’t taken out yet; we can bring those.” Gabe went about his business with the kitten and packed him up. Triple T could feel all the tension of the room, and when Gabe put him in the carrier, he started to meow. 
Nadia and Kain had two bags each in hand when they came out of the closet. “I swear I didn’t mean to cause this.”
“Stop that, Nadia, this isn’t your fault. I’m sure the officers have told you that already.” Kain’s cool and calm voice couldn’t help settle her this time. Usually he could ease her fears and worries.
Gabe came back in the room and started talking. “Kain, I’ll take the cat carrier and you take Nadia. Let’s get her out of here.” 
“Ten steps ahead of you, G, ready to go!” Kain escorted Nadia out of her bedroom and into the living room.
The room silenced as they passed by; Nadia felt everyone staring at her.
“Nadia, we’ll keep a patrol car outside until tomorrow, when you can have your door replaced. I’ll stop by and see you later to take your statement.” Kevin looked her over with caution. He was worried how she was going to handle everything that had transpired around her tonight.
Kevin leaned over to Kain’s ear and whispered, “Kain, I would give her some extra TLC tonight. I think she’s going to crash soon, and she’ll need you.” 
Kain nodded to him and the three of them walked out of the house and down the drive way. They put Triple T in the back seat and her luggage in the trunk. 
“What if he follows us? I can’t have him near the boys!” Nadia began to panic. Her heart was racing, and anxiety already started to take over her body.
“Nadia, he’s not here. How could he be? He has no car, remember? He’s probably long gone. He can’t follow us.” Gabe was holding her in his arms talking to her, trying to help, while Kain was coming back from putting the bags in the trunk.
“Kain, I can’t go home with you, the kids are at the house!”
“Nadia, stop it. You are coming home, end of story. No one will follow us there, okay sis? Now get in the car. It is all going to be okay.” Kain opened the front door and motioned for her to go sit down.
Nadia looked form Kain to Gabe a few times, before reluctantly sitting in the front seat. Kain shut the door, and she sat there looking out of the window at the two of them talking. She put her hands on her face and started massaging her temples, trying to calm her nerves.
“Meow, meow, meow,” she heard from the back seat. She turned around and Triple T was waving his little paw outside of the carrier, reaching up for her. She felt horrible that he was caged when she knew he was panicking too. She was sure the man had terrorized her cat while he invaded her home.
Kain sat in the driver’s side and turned on the car. He pulled out into the street and started driving in the direction of Wal-Mart. 
“Are we not going to your house?” she questioned.
“We are, but just to make sure you’re happy, I’ll take a very long way home. You remember my time in the government; I know how to lose a tail.”
“Okay.”
They drove for the next hour, not making it home until four a.m. She was exhausted, and the only thing she wanted to do was take the kitten and fall into bed. 
They walked into the house, and Anabella was sitting on the couch, both boys lying beside her. They looked so comfortable that Nadia finally allowed herself to relax. She was with her family, her brother, former CIA, and her sister, a two time world champion in martial arts. She would be able to feel comfort and security, but she wouldn’t be able to wash away the guilt. She should have learned her lesson six months ago. This time it cost someone their life.
“Hey Nadia,” Anabella said. She came up and gave her a hug, holding her tight. She had been there for her throughout her whole life, like a second mother. They were only four years apart, but sometimes it felt like decades. “You’re safe.” 
“I know, Ana.”
“Come on, girls, let’s get you two settled in, then I’ll put the kids back to bed.”
“Always bossy, Kain,” Anabella teased.
“Yup, that’s my job. Someone has to keep you two in line. Come on.”
They walked into the spare room of Kain’s home, and Nadia set the carrier on the chair and let the kitten out. Triple T jumped from the carrier to the bed and looked up at all of them. He meowed then moved up to one of the pillows and curled up into a little ball.
“I think your cat has the right idea. Let’s all sleep, and everything will look better in the morning.” Ana pulled on Nadia’s hand and looked up to Kain. The three of them hadn’t been able to get together in a while, not since she was thrown in jail by that judge. It seemed that she was always the one who brought her family together. Just too bad it wasn’t under better conditions. 
CHAPTER NINE

Nadia lay awake in bed for a few hours after Anabella and Kain had gone to sleep. She couldn’t get the image of Matt out of her head, his body dangling from the ceiling. How was she going to face his family? He was just a kid. His whole life was still ahead of him. Now it had been ended because she had to have her story. 
She was counting the cracks in the ceiling, trying to make herself tired. Nothing was working. She just kept playing out the night’s events over and over, trying to figure out what she could have done differently, and she kept coming back to the same conclusion: never stepping foot outside of the car. That was where tonight’s events had turned bad. Maybe if she had insisted on non-rookies for the job, things would be different.
She rolled to her side and looked at her sister sleeping. She wished she could be more like Anabella, more level headed, less random and careless. 
“You’re looking at me,” Anabella said in a whisper while she pulled the sheets up to her chest. “Thought you went to sleep.”
“I can’t sleep. I just replay the night over and over. It’s all I see.”
“You want me to sing to you, like when you were a kid?”
That made Nadia laugh a little. “No, I’m alright. I’m not like Sheldon who needs to hear Soft Kitty to get to sleep.”
“You sure?” Anabella started to pet Nadia’s head and sing Soft Kitty.
The two sisters started laughing, and it did help Nadia find a way to manage some sleep. Her dreams were filled with sadness and death. Her biggest fears became reality while she slept. She had dreams where she quit her job, and she played out the internal conflicts in her dreams. She loved her work more than anything, but after tonight she didn’t know how she could continue if she gave it up. 
Nadia woke up in a cold sweat. The dreams of her job had her made her toss and turn all night. She had to make it into work today; it was Election Day, and she had reports and deadlines. Everyone was supposed to be all hands on deck today. She couldn’t afford any slacking. Triple T was lying on her chest, his little body curled up, unaware of the fright     that plagued her mind.
“Come on, little guy, lets go explore the house. Maybe find some food.”
She and the kitten left the room quietly; she didn’t want to wake Anabella up. Who knows how long she had been kept awake by her own tossing and turning? They made it to the living room where she was immediately bombarded by Daman.
“Aunt Dia! You had a slumper party without me!”
Nadia laughed and put the kitten down on the ground and gave her nephew a hug. “That’s slumber party, and you were already asleep when I got here. Tonight we can camp out, if you want.”
“Oh yes, we can camp and build marshmenows and tell stories.”
She couldn’t help laughing at how he pronounced the words. Daman always made everything feel better and seem not as important as it was. “It’s a date. I have some good stories for you.”
“Ok, but don’t scare me too bad; I don’t want to never go to sleep again.”
“Daman, leave your aunt alone,” Kain said while he stuck his head out from the kitchen. “Morning Sunshine, it’s eleven a.m. I think you needed some sleep.”
Nadia looked up at him and her eyes went wide. She stood with a purpose that knocked Daman off balance and made the kitten move back a few inches. “Eleven? Crap, I’m late. Why didn’t you wake me?”
“Calm your engine there sis. Scully called. He said you have today off and to call him when you wake up so he can go over some things.”
“Oh. Have you heard from Gabe?”
“No, but you can call him in a bit. Come sit down, Daman, you too. It’s time for lunch.”
Daman picked up Triple T, brought him to the table, and sat him in the chair next to him while Nadia and Kain set the table.
“Where’s Leon at?” Nadia sat down and took the kitten and put him on the floor. She didn’t want the habit of sitting at the table to start.
“He went outside to play. I’ll go get him.” Daman ran off towards the back door. Nadia was grateful that she had this place to come to, to get away from the madness of yesterday. She stared off at the wall. Triple T had found her sockless feet and began licking the bottoms of her toes.
“Penny for your thoughts.” Kain placed the tray of chicken fried steak in front of her and the mashed potatoes down on the table.
“Not really thinking about anything, just grateful to be here. Should we get Ana up?”
“No need to, I’m up.” Kain and Nadia turned around to see Anabella walking toward them and the two kids running past her, towards the table. 
They all sat together and took a moment to pray in silence, a tradition Anabella, Nadia, and Kain had done since they were young children. Kain made the first movement and broke the silence when asking, “Steak anyone?” Everyone chimed in. They passed the meat and mashed potatoes around and filled each plate full. 
“Aunt Ana, do you and Aunt Dia plan on staying forever?” Daman looked around at the adults. It was obvious he wanted an affirmative answer. “No my little one, not forever, just a few days. Is that okay buddy?” Anabella replied. Everyone at the table looked to Daman, he was carefully thinking of his answer.
“I suppose, but you have to be at our campsite tonight too. We’re cooking marshmenows.”
“Daman, it’s marshmallow,” Leon said. He made sure to take an extra-long amount of time pronouncing the word to emphasize where Daman was saying it wrong. Leon was laughing at his brother until Kain gave his son the look. Leon quietly went back to eating.
“Whatever, you have to join us, Aunt Ana.”
“Of course I will sweetie.” Anabella smiled at Daman, and he gave a wide grin. His missing front teeth made the look on his face adorable. 
They all finished eating lunch. Anabella cleared the table and did the dishes while Kain and Nadia sat and talked.
“I’ve called and arranged for a new door and locks to be installed in a few hours. There’s also a security company who’ll be out there in the next thirty minutes to install a state of the art system. They’ll install reinforced glass planes for your windows, along with a lot of other special features. It’ll probably take you two weeks to figure it out.”
“Kain, that’s too much; you shouldn’t have. I can’t afford all of that.”
“Don’t even, Nadia. We have this covered,” Anabella said from behind her. 
Nadia turned and looked at her sister, then to her brother. She nodded towards them and stood up. “I need to call Scully and check in with Gabe. I’ll be in the other room so I don’t scare the children with any details.”
“Take all the time you need, sis.” Kain stood and walked over to her. He pulled her in for a tight hug.
Anabella put down her dish cloth and walked over to the two of them. Kain stuck his arm out and pulled her in too. The three of them stood in the kitchen holding each other for a minute before Kain broke the peaceful moment.
“Okay ladies, I’m off to get some chores done. I’m going to take advantage of the kids being home from school cause of the election and you two being here to watch them. That okay?”
Anabella and Nadia both agreed, and they went off their own ways, Kain to the garage, Anabella outside with the children, and Nadia to the bedroom.
She opened up the suitcases that she and Kain had put together in a hurry last night and discovered that someone remembered to pack her laptop. She pulled it out, put it on the bed, grabbed the phone off of the dresser, and started dialing Scully’s number.
“Scully.”
“Hey, it’s Nadia.” Her stomach was in knots. She didn’t know what he was going to say or what to expect. She deserved an ass chewing, and she knew she would have to suck it up and take it.
“Are you okay? We’re all worried about you,” he asked, but his tone never changed, the monotone level a constant, as usual.
“Not really but I will be. Eventually. It all happened so fast last night.”
“Do you want to tell me what happened? If you aren’t ready to talk, you don’t have to.”
“No, I can tell you, I just…” She paused; she needed a moment to wipe the tears that were forming in her eyes when she thought back on Matt’s lifeless body hanging from her living room. “Scully, it was horrible, all of it. Had Matt not flashed his camera then we would have been able to get out of there undetected. I tried to stop him, honest, but it was too late; he had already alerted them to our being outside their building.”
“That’s what Gabe told me. You know I don’t blame you for his mistake. He knew better; we train everyone the same about casing and stake outs.”
“I blame me, Scully. He was my responsibility, and I let him and his family down. I let the paper down.”
“No, you didn’t. Really, I shouldn’t have given you a rookie to use on a case like this. Maybe we all have a part to play in Matt’s death. Either way, take the rest of the week off, drop this story, and come back to work on Monday.”
“What about tonight? You’re going to need people to cover the election results.”
“I’ll send Tracy down to city hall to watch the votes come in. Just rest and take it easy with your family; we want you back at work with a healthy mind set. The cops will catch the guy, have faith.”
“I don’t know if I can Scully. I don’t know.” 
They said their goodbyes, and she put the phone down on the bed and turned on her laptop. She had only been online a few minutes when Gabe instant messaged her.
GabetheMan: Hey Babe
NewsGirl22:  Hey
GabetheMan: Are you doing okay?
NewsGirl22: ~shrugs~ Not so much, talked to Scully and he wants me staying home till next Monday. IDK about that. I’ll go nuts
GabetheMan: You need a break, this was hard on you
NewsGirl22: Yeah but I don’t feel safe now and I can’t move into Kain’s house
GabetheMan: Aren’t they making your house more secure?
NewsGirl22: Yeah I found out about that…IDK if it will help, would it help you?
GabetheMan: Maybe, but I am dating an officer
NewsGirl22: Oh yeah cause we can all be that lucky right? jerk
GabetheMan: Hey now, you love me, chillax. It will be fine, Kev will catch the guy and lock them up and no one will be able to hurt you 
NewsGirl22:  I hope you are right 
GabetheMan: I am. Go be with your family.  I’ll talk to you tmw, k?
NewsGirl22: k, see you later Gabe.
Nadia checked her email and then shut her laptop back off. Gabe was right, enjoy time with the family and let Kevin do his job. Things would look better in a few days. They always did.  She walked out into the living room and saw everyone gathered in front of the television. Election coverage had started; the pundits had made their projections. Now the world sat and waited till midnight when history would be made. It was the only topic of conversation, two terms for President Obama or the first Mormon in the white house. Election 2012, one for the history books.  
“Scoot over, Leon; I want to watch too.” Nadia sat down where Leon had moved from. She tried to put the bad out of her mind and just enjoy the rare chance that their whole family was together.  
 
CHAPTER TEN

Anabella, Kain, and Nadia cleaned up the living room after Leon and Daman were sound asleep in their beds. It had been a big night for them, watching their first Presidential Election on television. Four years ago neither had been old enough to maintain interest, but this year they had learned about it in school and were full of questions. Between asking how a political party gets their mascot and why they are the colors that they are, everyone had a good night making predictions and cheering for their nominees that won. 
Kain had decided to make a game out of it, so each boy picked which color they thought a state would turn, and if they were right they got fifty cents. Daman walked away with five dollars and Leon scrapped by with just a buck. The adults had fun watching both boys scream at the television for the states to turn red or blue, and in the end, everyone learned a valuable lesson. Screaming at the television scares the cat! No one could find Triple T. They searched high and low, then finally gave up around ten p.m. 
“Looks like another four years of the same.” Kain didn’t sound happy or sad about that, but anyone who knew him understood the lack of emotion said a lot.
“Yeah, but does any of that really matter? I don’t vote in these things anyway, waste of time.” Anabella had always been the one who felt one vote didn’t count. Nadia had spent countless hours trying to convince her that, while one vote might not decide something, a million ‘one votes’ do, but she never listened.
“Gah, come on, no more politics. We just spent four hours screaming at the television for quarters; I say we go to our corners, lick our respective wounds, and save it for four more years.” Nadia walked out of the kitchen with the trash bag in hand; she loved politics, just not tonight.
“Here, I got that, sis.” Kain came up and took the bag from her; she smiled and plopped down on the couch.
“Who’s up for a little Twilight Zone?” Anabella looked from her brother to her sister; neither of them were budging when she shrugged. “Your loss. I saw Leon had put some on the DVR, you know how much we used to enjoy that with Mom.” 
“No thanks, chica. I’m gonna head into the bedroom and do a little work.” Nadia hugged Kain when she walked past him and waved goodnight to Anabella.
“Don’t work too hard; you know you’re supposed to be resting.” Kain gave her the look; his stern warning silenced the room. Everyone was worried about Nadia, including her. 
She gave a smile and a quick nod, then walked into the room she and Anabella had been sharing. She saw that curled up on her pillow was Triple T. The little stinker somehow had snuck back into the room. She sat down on the other side of the bed and turned her laptop on. Triple T stretched on the pillow and came over to her leg. She pet the back of his head, he rubbed up against her knee. His little purr made Nadia think of the simple things in life, how the smallest thing could bring so much joy.
She pulled up the website for her newspaper and saw that the articles had already begun being posted. She was missing out on one of the busiest days of the year. Last election the paper had a big to-do and she had missed the festivities by a few months, this year had promised to be a great news year with the two candidates, and now she had to read others covering it. They were always looking for a controversial article that would increase the following that was her position; she wrote what no one else wanted to. It looked like they got Tracy from entertainment to cover her spot. Front page; she had taken her front page spot. 
Nadia couldn’t sit idle and watch things pass by like she wasn’t supposed to be working. There wasn’t any way she could not think about Carlisle and his men. She got up, went to her work bag, and pulled out her notebook, all of the things she had researched and taken down about the pet shop laid out before her. Triple T looked up at her; his curious face made her smile. He curled up on her pillow again and fell back to sleep. She watched him. All of this had started because of him, her wanting to get a cat. 
“What trouble you caused, little guy. Who would have known wanting a cat would end up in death and corruption?”
Triple T ignored her and she went back to reading her notes. After a few pages of reading, she pulled her laptop onto her lap and began typing. She couldn’t stop; her fingers lead the way.
Mr. A – A Ghost in the Shadows of our Streets
It is a sad day in Cedar Rapids when corruption takes over our world.
Do you want to let evil disband our justice system? Do you want the ones who move in the shadows to control our government officials? 
If this is the world you choose to live in, then welcome to our new reality. I’ve witnessed this criminal at work; I’ve seen what he is capable of. He has his hands in the pot; he’s stirring up trouble and deciding who lives and who dies. Now who do you and I have to turn to for protection when those we elect into office are in his pocket?
Greed always overpowers. He is paying off the wealthy, putting more money into their pockets, leaving you and me as the poor victims. VICTIMS! That is what we are. He is robbing us of our safety, of our children’s safety, and turning our hopes and dreams into nothing but fear.
I am calling each of you to take a stand, a stand for justice, a stand for truth, and a stand for our rights. 
Do not let this man, known as Mr. A, this ghost in our shadows, win. Don’t let him ruin our good city. Write the mayor, write the police chief, and alert your friends and neighbors. We have a predator roaming our streets and we won’t let him control us. We will rise and take back what is ours!
This reporter has always given you the truth, and I will not be silenced. I’ve seen this Ghost moving through the night, and I for one am appalled that we the people are walking along side of him in the streets.
He leaves a chalk mark of a snake on each of his victim’s chests. Male or female he kills both evenly, so take heed to my warning and protect yourselves.
Your honest reporter – Nadia.
Nadia looked at the computer screen and what she had written. Would Carlisle know she was talking about him? Technically they hadn’t met yet, but that didn’t mean he didn’t know about her and her investigation, especially after what had happened last night. 
She closed out of her Word program after she emailed the story to Gabe for review and saw her paper’s website still on in the background of her desktop. Flashing in red in the upper left hand corner was their “Breaking News” icon. Someone must have updated their articles because it wasn’t red an hour ago when she looked at it last. She clicked on the button and it brought up a new page. She saw the top link, “Staff member murdered.”
Oh Shit…
She knew what that article was going to be about. Against her better judgment she clicked on the link and the story came right up. In the right hand side of the article was a picture of Matt’s face. Her stomach churned and she felt the tears begin to collect on her eyes. She began reading; her heart was aching, and her body felt numb as she read all about Matt Holmes, former newspaper junior reporter.
Staff Member Murdered
Late Monday night of this week, Matt Holmes, reporter, was found murdered in Nadia Maverick’s living room. He was hanging from one of the ceiling beams. The police officers say it does not appear that the death was instant. Everyone’s hearts go out to Matt’s family and friends. He was 21 and leaves behind his mother and father, three sisters, and two nieces. 
We have not been able to get a statement from Ms. Maverick at this time; she is taking time off of work to cope with losing a reporter on the job. Our thoughts go out to her as well.
The police at this time have no leads on who was behind this murder but have assured the news station that once they have a suspect in custody we will be notified.
If you have any information about this article or the facts stated please contact the lead detective on this case, Kevin Glasco, at the Police Department.
The funeral will be held this Saturday, November 10th, 2012, at their church. The family asks that if you wish to provide a donation in his memory to please pick a charity of your choice. Matt enjoyed giving his free time to the nursing homes and families in need and would want his memory honored in such a way.
-Malory Hemmingworth.-
Nadia closed the computer after reading that. They exposed her name, put it out there for everyone to see that she had gotten someone killed. She put the computer on the night stand and walked into the living room where Anabella was laying on the couch, wrapped up in a blanket, watching the Twilight Zone. 
“I knew you’d come back. Kain just said he’s changing and coming to watch it too. You two never could resist it when Mom would gather us around to watch.” Anabella looked pleased, shifting positions on the couch and patting the cushion next to her.
Nadia sat and pulled her legs up under her bottom. “Thanks Ana, seriously.”
“I know what you need, honey; I always do.” She tossed the other part of the blanket over Nadia’s lap, leaving some for Kain when he returned.
“Look what I found, ladies!” Kain said. He walked out of the room holding a bottle of red wine and some playing cards.
“Oh lord help us,” Anabella said when Kain pulled up a chair and sat in it, sticking his legs on top of the couch.
“Remember the first time we got Nadia drunk?” Kain laughed while dealing the cards. 
“Not again, please…” Nadia picked up the cards on her lap and started sorting them.
“That was a great day. Man, the shit we got you to do. Do you remember Grandma and Grandpa’s face when they saw you climbing the roof of the pool house?”  Kain was beaming; he pulled off the cork of the wine bottle and took a swig. Handing it off to Anabella, he said, “We got verbally whipped good for that, Ana.”
“I fail to see what is so funny about my two older siblings torturing me.” Nadia put two cards down and watched as Kain dealt her two new ones.
“That’s cause it was happening to you. Had you been us, you would have laughed your ass off. I still can’t believe you stripped for the neighbor boy and flung your top off into the tree.” Anabella passed the wine bottle to Nadia and laid down one card for Kain to re-deal.
“Classic. Dad laughed so hard he couldn’t even punish us. That was what my first year away from home and attending college, best Christmas ever, coming home to that.” Kain dealt himself three cards and took the wine bottle from Nadia. Taking a drink he laid down his hand. “Three clubs.”
“Ha, beat ya. Two pair kings over threes,” Nadia said with a smirk on her face.
“Well I suck; give me the bottle, bottoms up.” Anabella tipped the bottle and Kain counted to five before she stopped.
Nadia grabbed the deck and laughed a bit; she started to shuffle and kept thinking back to that Christmas when she was twelve. “Mom was pissed. She wouldn’t talk to you two for days and kept giving me lectures about strippers and how I wouldn’t be allowed to learn dance.”
“I’m sure you’re heartbroken you never made it to a dance class sis.” Kain smiled at her.
“Hush and look at your cards.” 
The three of them sat in silence as they each laid down the ones they wanted to trade in, two to Anabella, three to Kain, and four to Nadia. They all eyed each other before Nadia laid her hand down first.
“Ace high.” 
“Ha, read ‘em and weep, two sevens,” Anabella said.
“Shit, give me the bottle.” Kain laid down his cards, jack high. The girls counted to five as he turned it up and started drinking.
“Oh look at him; he scowls when he loses,” Nadia said
“That’s just because he likes to cheat, and he knows like this he can’t.” Anabella said.
“You two stop yacking and deal, for cryin’ out loud.”
The three of them carried on like this for a few hours. Around three am they had gone through two bottles of wine and were all laughing. 
“Alright, bed time for me.” Kain had to get up in a few hours to get the two boys ready for the car pool that would pick them up at seven a.m., and he didn’t want to be late for that.
“Awe, he used to be able to outlast us all, and now he is the first to turn in.” Nadia said, she was lying on top of Anabella’s shoulder, barely staying awake.
“Just because I’m responsible doesn’t mean I’m old or not fun. Means I’m a dad. Night you wenches.”
“Ugh that language, such a filth!” Anabella hollered out. The girls laughed and together managed to walk to their room. Triple T had to move quickly; Nadia plopped onto her pillow and he would have been a squished cat had they not woke him up. They both passed out the moment they hit their pillows. Nadia went to sleep feeling better than she had in the last twenty four hours and was able to sleep, nightmare free. 
CHAPTER ELEVEN 

The phone ringing woke both Nadia and Anabella up at nine a.m. “Yes?” Anabella said into the phone. She handed the phone over her head and dropped it on top of Nadia’s head. 
Nadia fumbled around for it for a moment then answered. “Hello?”
“Did I wake you two?” Gabe’s voice came through on the other line.
“Obviously, what’s up? Better be important, we were passed out.” Nadia rubbed her eyes and turned into her pillow.
“I got the article you emailed me last night, and I showed it to Scully. We want to make sure you really want to send that to press.” Gabe’s voice was very hesitant. Nadia was a bit confused and took a few moments to wake up.
“I wanted to last night, but then I read Malory’s article. I don’t know Gabe, but I think people need to be aware of what’s going on inside their community, don’t you?”
“I think you need to be careful. I know you don’t out him in the article and say who it is, but I’m sure he’ll know you’re talking about him.” 
“Print it, Gabe. People have a right to know.”
Gabe sighed; she could hear his frustration through the phone. “Alright, but you are going to stay at Kain’s for a while then.”
“Only until my house is fixed up. I can’t run forever Gabe, you know that. It’s not in my DNA.”
“Yeah, but you don’t want to end up like Matt.”
“I know. I’m gonna get up. Run the article Gabe.” Nadia hung the phone up and put it on the night stand next to her. She sat up in bed and Triple T moved into her lap. She started stroking his fur and the tears started again.
“Hey honey no crying, it’s okay. What’s wrong?” Anabella sat up and put her arms around Nadia and held her close. 
She had nothing to say, no words; Nadia just cried in her sister’s arms.
“He’s dead because of me. I just don’t see how I’m going to get over that, you know?”
Anabella rocked her in her arms, stroking her hair. “I know sweetie I know. Come on, let’s get up and get some breakfast. It’ll be okay honey.”
Nadia let her sister pull her out of bed, and they walked into the kitchen. The house seemed empty, so they made breakfast in silence. “Ana, do you think his family will ever forgive me?”
“I don’t know, Nadia. If it was me, probably, but I’ve also experienced death and a lot of evil in my time serving. I know it’s not good to dwell.”
“So what you are saying is a normal person wouldn’t.”
“I didn’t say that, I said if it was me, I would.” Anabella sat the food down and looked at her sister; she knew there was nothing to ease the pain. 
“I think I need to see his family.”
“Are you sure that’s what you want to do?” Anabella was hesitant to let her do that. She didn’t see anything positive coming out of a trip like that. 
“I don’t see how I can get over this if I don’t talk to them.” Nadia stood up and started walking towards the room they were staying in. 
“Nadia wait.” Anabella walked up to her and turned her around. “You know that they won’t want to see you and will blame you. You could just write them a letter.”
“I got their son killed, Anabella! I need to apologize in person. End of story. I’m going.” Nadia pulled her arm free of her sister, turned around, went into the room, and slammed the door shut behind her.  She pulled on a change of clothes and grabbed her purse. She went back into the living room and grabbed the car keys out of Anabella’s purse. She walked out of the house and realized she didn’t know where his family lived. Well damn. She called Gabe once she was in the car and the heater was turned on.
“Hey, you okay Nadia?” Gabe answered.
“Yeah, I’m fine. What’s Matt’s parents’ address? I want to send them flowers.” She didn’t feel like another lecture, easier to claim to send a gift than tell the truth.
“Hold on, I’ll text it to you.” 
She heard the sound of her text message ding in her ear and quickly said, “Thanks Gabe, see ya later.” She hung the phone up and looked at the address; it wasn’t too far from where Kain lived. She pulled out of the neighborhood and went towards the Holmes residence.
Nadia sat in the car across the street from Matt’s parents’ house for twenty minutes. She was trying to find the nerve to walk up to the front door, but all the sudden the fire had died inside of her, and she couldn’t move her feet. She pulled a small notepad out of her purse and a pen. She thought maybe a note would be easier to manage. 
Maybe.
Mr. and Mrs. Holmes,
My name is Nadia Maverick. Although we have not met, I am sure that you know who I am. I cannot express to you how deeply sorry I am that Matt has passed away. He was a good man, fun and full of life. I was with him the night he died. I don’t know how much you know about the circumstances surrounding his death. He was part of a team of people at the paper who are investigating an underground crime ring in the middle of our city. 
Matt and I were watching the building and we were discovered. I thought he had managed to escape before the police arrived. He ran and I didn’t see him anywhere. It wasn’t until I was home that we discovered his body in my living room.
I am so sorry for everything that has happened to Matt. He was my responsibility, and I cannot believe he is gone.
I am so sorry.
Nadia.
She looked over the letter she had written. Her handwriting sketchy; she couldn’t control the nervousness in her hands. She folded it in half and wrote on the top of the folded side, “Homes Family.” She got out of the car and walked up to the mailbox. With a quick motion she opened the mailbox and slipped the note inside. She hurried back to her car and gave the home one more look, her eyes looked over everything, she wanted to be able to remember it all before she drove off. There was no sign of anyone home except the car in the drive way. She couldn’t imagine what they were going through right now.
Guilt was getting the best of her, so she sped down the street and back toward Kain’s home. She suddenly realized she hadn’t heard if they caught the men who ran off that night. All at once she remembered that she couldn’t even remember their names. She pulled her phone out and called Kevin. His number rang and rang before the voicemail picked up on the fifth ring.
“Kevin, it’s Nadia. I just realized I don’t know if any of the bad guys were caught. Call me.”
She put her cell phone back in her pocket and pulled into the neighborhood where Kain lived. Her phone started to vibrate in her pocket while she was parking Anabella’s car in Kain’s driveway. She pulled it out and saw that Kevin was returning her call.
“Kevin?!?” Her tone was frantic and full of excitement.
“Nadia, what’s wrong? Is everything okay?” His voice was calm and even; he always maintained an emotion free tone when on the job.
“Did you catch them yet?” She held onto the phone as if her life was depending on this single moment. 
“We have Bruno in custody and the other one, Dan, we have a lead on him. The third man we are still trying to name and locate. Your car rendered no prints and neither did your home. He was very professional, and it’s obvious this isn’t their first time.”
There was silence on the phone for about thirty seconds. “Nadia, are you still there?”
“Yeah, I just wish I could go home and that Matt’s killer was caught.”
“I know, but we did find out some information from Bruno about what happened to your pet store attendant.”
Nadia cut him off; her mind started racing a million miles an hour. “Was it Carlisle? Did he do it? Tell me everything!”
“Nadia calm down. I cannot discuss with you what the details of the case are. You know that. You are going to have to stay quiet for a while. Don’t do anything to bring attention to yourself.”
“Kevin, you know that’s not possible. Please find these guys soon. I won’t feel safe till you do.”
“I know; I’ll do what I can. I did speak with Kain, and your house has been cleaned, the door replaced, and an alarm installed. You should be good to come home tomorrow. You sound shaken up right now.”
“I am. I’ll go home tomorrow, good idea. Thanks Kevin. Goodbye.”
She hung the phone up without waiting for him to respond. She locked the car and went inside the house. Kain and Anabella were waiting for her in the kitchen. She set her purse on the couch and walked over to them. Anabella got up and went to pour Nadia a cup of hot chocolate and returned to the table. They were silent as Anabella handed her the cup. 
They all took a drink, and Kain was the first to say something. “Ana told me, did you do it?”
Nadia’s eyes were focused on her drink. She was swirling the hot chocolate in the mug; she didn’t want to answer. She felt ashamed she couldn’t even face them.
“It’s okay Nadia, tell us what happened.” Anabella’s soft voice said. She reached her hand up and placed it on Nadia’s shoulder, trying to offer her little sister comfort.
“I…” She sighed deeply. “I left a note.”
“You left a note?” Kain’s voice sounded confused and unsure what she meant by “a note”. “What was in the note?”
Her eyes looked up and met his. “I said I was sorry and explained what happened in a note, and I left it in their mailbox.”
Anabella squeezed her shoulder, and Nadia turned to her sister and smiled. “I tried. I said I was sorry. That’s what counts right?”
“Yes honey, that’s what counts, but it isn’t your fault, you know that.” Anabella looked to Kain and then back to Nadia. She wished she could take the pain away from her sister.
“I spoke to Kevin. Do you want to stay here for a few more days or go home?” Kain reached his hand across the table and took Nadia’s in his hand.
She sat there, surrounded by the love of her family, and Nadia couldn’t feel anything but emptiness. “I told Kevin five minutes ago that I would go home tomorrow. I don’t want to keep putting you out.”
“Do you want me to stay with you for a few days at the house? I can work from home and get my reports out while we veg and take care of you.”
Nadia looked to her sister and smiled; she nodded her head yes. Outside they could hear Kain’s sons playing on the swing set in the back yard, and Nadia got an idea.
“What if we all went bowling, got out of the house, and had fun with Daman and Leon?”
Kain and Anabella both thought that was a great idea. Kain pushed away from the table and went to the back door and opened it. “Kids, come on inside and change, and we are all going bowling, boys against girls!”
Daman and Leon came running into the house, both hollering and cheering. They loved to bowl and the old rule was whichever team lost bowling would have to cook whatever the winners wanted for dinner. Conveniently the boys’ team had won the last five games.
“Good idea, Nadia,” Anabella said. 
Both ladies stood up, and Nadia took the glasses and washed them off, while Anabella went and got ready. She heard the clinking of Triple T’s collar and saw him sitting on the floor under the table. She smiled and kneeled down, patting her leg with her hand and calling him. He slowly stood up and made his way over to her.
“Hey there, T.” She picked him up and cuddled him to her chest. He purred into her hand then started to run his rough tongue across her skin. “No licks there, little guy.” She carried him to the bedroom and pulled his cat food out. She sat him on the bed while she put some in his bowl. She picked him back up and took him into the kitchen again, where she sat the bowl and him down and he began to eat. 
She heard everyone behind her and turned around and smiled, Leon and Daman had grins on their faces and were anxiously waiting at the front door. 
“Aunt Dia, Aunt Dia, come on! We’re going to be late, get your purse!”
“We aren’t going to be late, lil’ man. Don’t worry so much.”  Nadia grabbed her purse and walked up to him, tussling his hair. She hugged him tight. “Love you.”
“Love you too, Aunt Dia.”
Leon rolled his eyes as he watched them. “Daman, you are such a girl.”
“Am not!” he hollered back.
“Are too, only girls worry about the time.”
“I’m not a girl, you are!”
Kain interrupted their little dispute. “Boy’s stop, no one’s a girl, now let’s go.”
They all piled into Kain’s car and drove off to the bowling alley. Nadia’s mind was in a daze. She wasn’t listening to the conversation taking place beside her. She kept thinking back to Matt restrained by that man. At least Kevin had found one of them; maybe the other two would be caught soon.  She wished she could stop obsessing about this. Nothing she said or thought now would change the past.
They arrived at the bowling alley, and Daman grabbed Nadia’s hand and pulled her out of the car. She had to jog to keep up with his running to the front door. They all went inside, and Kain secured them two lanes side by side. Anabella and Nadia gathered all the shoes, and the boys picked out all of the balls. They gathered on lanes fifteen and sixteen, and Leon entered everyone’s names in their orders.
“Aunt Ana, you’re first.” Leon gave orders like an old pro; they always let him lead. He took pride in his ability to keep score and keep everyone on pace. 
“Leon you always have me first.” Anabella laughed and got up and went to her ball, she palmed it and looked down the lane.
“That’s because ladies go first, and you’re the oldest of the girls, Aunt Ana.” 
“Leon!” Kain called out. “Stop that. You know we never talk about a woman’s age.”
Leon’s innocent eyes looked up at his dad. He smiled and shrugged. “What? She asked.”
“Actually, I made a statement, I didn’t ask,” Anabella said. She looked at the pins, walked up to the lane, and let the ball go. All five of them stayed in silence as the ball made its way down the lane. 
“Nine! You got nine!” Leon shouted. “Dad you’re going to have to bowl real good to beat her.”
“Your dad always has to bowl real good to beat me, Leon.” Anabella smirked up at her older brother as she heard the final pin fall from her second ball. “You’re up, old man.”
“Watch it, brat. I’m not an old man; I’m only four years older than you.”
“Sounds old to me, right Leon?” Anabella smiled down at her nephew and waited for his answer.
“Can’t you all be equally old?” Daman asked. 
Nadia pulled in him for a hug then gave him a noogie. “Watch it, lil’ man. I am way younger than those two old ones.”
“Ahhh, Dad, help!!” Daman tried to wiggle out of his aunt’s grasp but failed. They all laughed at him while Nadia gave her best attempt at torture. 
CHAPTER TWELVE

They stayed at the bowling alley for two hours before finally declaring the women the winners. The car ride home was full of excuses and teasing. 
“You know Ana, I’m thinking we need to have a party. It seems the tides have turned in our favor. What do you think?” Nadia was teasing, but she knew the boys would get riled up from this.
“Oh, maybe we can have Kain dress up in a costume to entertain us.” Anabella was holding back her laugh. She watched Kain clench his teeth. The last time she got him to dress up was for Halloween when they were kids and she teased him into wearing a dress and make up. The family still teases him about that.
“I do have a skirt that’s too big for me; it would look perfect on him!” Nadia saw Leon start to snicker. She gave him a light elbow on the shoulder and he stopped right away.
“I do have my make up at home. I bet the cousins would love an updated picture!” 
“I know what you two are trying to do, and it’s not going to work.” Kain was trying to keep from laughing. He ground his teeth together and kept his focus on the road. He knew if he let loose even a moment, he would reveal the laughter he had been hiding.
“Dad come on, we want to see you dressed as a girl! We missed it!” Daman unbuckled his seatbelt and stood in the back seat. He wrapped his arms around the back of the chair latching onto Kain’s shoulders.
“Sit back down, Daman. Of course you missed it; your aunt was evil when she was a little girl. She might still be.” Kain looked at Anabella with a playful stare.
“It’s a great photo. I have a copy at my house. Remind me and next time I come over; I’ll have a copy made and give it to you.”  Nadia pulled Daman off of the chair and helped him buckle back up. She smiled at him then whispered in his ear. “Maybe tonight we could do something to your dad with Aunt Ana’s lipstick.”
“Hey, I heard that brat!” Kain looked at Nadia in the rear view mirror with a glare.
“You heard nothing, now drive. Ana and I have a menu to pick out for the men of this family to cook.”
They laughed for a moment then finished their drive back to Kain’s. When they pulled into the drive way, Gabe was sitting in his car outside, waiting on them. The boys ran up to the front door with Anabella and Kain, while Nadia walked over to the car. Gabe opened his door and gave Nadia a hug. She waited until everyone was inside of the house before she spoke. 
“Is anything wrong?” She looked him over carefully; there was something in his expression that seemed off.
“We ran your story online only. We’ve had some responses.”
“Online only? What? No! That was meant for the papers. Why would you do online only?” Nadia started towards the sidewalk then turned around and looked at him, her hands firmly attached to her hips, her expression narrowing in on him.
“Scully and I wanted to protect you, Nadia; you have to understand that. See it from our point of view.”
“Screw your point of view. That story was meant for the front page, and I get screwed and posted online. In what section, travel? ‘Beware Traveling Through Town’ must be the title huh?”
“Stop it, that’s not how it is.”
“Well, let’s have it. What crappy ass responses were sent in?” She waited for him to deliver the news that the bad guy was out to get her and now she couldn’t go home. Like that would be anything new for her to hear.
“Someone let it leak, what we were doing, the story. We’re not sure how far it spans, or if someone actually told, or it was pieced together.” Gabe fumbled around with his pockets pulling out a piece of paper.
“What’s that?” Nadia moved closer to Gabe so she could read easier.
“I want you to know that it’s not very...” 
Nadia snatched the paper from his hand before he could finish his thought. She unfolded it and saw a print out of an email that was addressed to her but had been sent to the paper's general inbox. She read over it and couldn’t believe what she was reading.
Ms. Maverick,
I know what you are searching for, and I know that you want answers. I’ve enclosed a set of instructions for you to follow and a program for you to download. Once you have logged into the forum I designated with the username and password below, you will encode pictures of cats with the questions you have and upload them to the forum utilizing the program I have sent you. I will answer any questions you have in a similar form. But I warn you…You need to watch over your shoulder, because what you have been doing is unacceptable.
Log into: http://www.cedarrapidsforums.com/
Username: NoseyReporter
Password: curiositykilledthecat
Go to the thread titled: Look at my cat, my cat is amazing
Good Luck.
Mr. A
“Well I’ll be damned.”  Nadia looked up from the paper and straight into Gabe’s eyes. “What did Kevin say about all of this?”
“He’s not said much. They took a copy and are trying to trace the IP address that the email was sent from, but you know how that goes. Kevin said they must have used multiple proxies and an anonymizer. They were able to trace it to Uzbekistan, but they haven’t had any progress since. He does not want you speaking to Mr. A.”
“Well, we knew he knew something was going on that night. Why else would he have sent his three guys out to get us? He’s not stupid; at least according to Talbot, remember? So makes sense he would know my article was about him, but I didn’t out him, really just warned people.”
“I doubt he is going to be splitting hairs on what you did and didn’t ‘out’.” Gabe’s tone was becoming annoyed. He didn’t get why she insisted on being so stubborn about things. 
“You know, I don’t need the lectures from you; I get them enough from myself.” 
“If you are even questioning this, then why keep it up? Let’s just pull back, let things die down and move on. We don’t have to be the crime solving reporters, you know? We do have a police force that does a fine job of that on a daily basis.”
“Well, they let Ramon down, didn’t they? Someone needs to expose this, even if it costs me my life.”
“Why do you always have to play the hero? Can’t you just sit back for once? What if it costs you more? What if it costs you the ones you love?”
“Don’t go there, Gabe.”
“That’s where it’s going, Nadia. You need to drop this. You need to just let it go. Don’t even think about talking to him, either.”
“So Scully sent you here to talk me out of it, didn’t he? What’s he want me to start on next week when I come back?”
“Scully didn’t send me to do anything; I came because I wanted to. Kevin wants you to. We all want you to drop it.”
“Fine, I’ll let it go. I’ll log into the forum and reply to this Mr. A and tell him I’m not going to speak with him anymore.”
“Absolutely not.” Gabe went to grab for the paper and Nadia put it out of his reach and moved away from him. She folded it up and stuck it down her shirt and inside her bra.
“Not so fast. He sent this to me, so I am going to reply.”
“Like hell you are. I said drop it, going on there and replying is NOT dropping it!”
“You’re not my father, Gabe. You can’ tell me what to do.”
“Yeah, I can. I love and care for you, and you are not going to be talking to that man. End of story. Don’t make me tell Kain.”
“Gabe, if I want him to go away then I have to talk to him; I have to tell him I’m going to give it up.”
“No, you just give it up.”
“This is my call, not yours. Don’t tell me what to do.” Nadia turned around and headed for the front door of the house. Gabe raced behind her and pulled her to a stop.
“Nadia. This is crazy. I don’t want to fight with you, but I don’t want you hurt.”
“I won’t be hurt, Gabe. Promise.” She turned around and wrapped her arms around his neck and held onto him tightly. She felt Gabe’s hands reach around her waist, and he clung to her. 
“I’m going to go inside with my family now, Gabe. Okay?” She pulled away from him to look into his eyes; she wanted to make sure he knew she was sincere. “I’m going to tell him I’m done.”
She pulled away completely from him, walked into the house, and shut the door behind her. She saw Anabella and Kain looking at her but ignored them. She walked to her room and pulled out her laptop. She had a mission. She understood Gabe was worried, but she was putting an end to all of the killing.
Okay Mr. A. Let’s see if you are online.
She logged onto her computer and pulled out the paper that she had stuffed in her shirt. Opening her email system, she pulled up the general mailbox and saw Mr. A’s original email along with the attachment that contained the instructions. She wrote them down on her paper for easy reference, then went to the site instructed and began downloading the necessary software for the photo encryption. His instructions said specifically for a black cat to be the first photo. While the software was downloading, she searched for a black cat that she liked. Once she found it, she uploaded it to the program and the prompt for the specific question came up. 
Nadia looked at the screen with a blank stare. She got one question at a time. This wasn’t going to be like chatting with Gabe on the instant message program. Her fingers hovered over the keys. She would start to type then delete it.
What made you kill Ramon? Why did you kill Matt? Are you going to come after me?
None of the questions she had initially typed were right. She knew he was going to judge her for each thing she pressed with the keys. All she wanted to know was why. Could she ask that?
What makes you do the things you do? 
She pressed enter and the program started running. She watched as the photo of the black cat flickered a few times before the finished bubble appeared at the center of her screen. She clicked on it, and the file closed out and an icon appeared on her desktop for it. Neat. 
Pulling up the screen, she entered her username and password. She then found the thread that Mr. A had designated for her. She had a moment of hesitation before uploading the photo to the thread. When she pressed post she felt her body start to tingle in anticipation, waiting for his rely. 
Nadia expected his reply to post immediately. She felt seconds tick away, moment after moment turning into minute after minute. A while passed before she realized she had stared at the screen for over forty-five minutes and had gotten no response. She began to unplug the laptop and almost shut it down when she saw the notification signal  in  the upper right hand corner go off. Her heart raced as she pulled up the notification and saw MysteryMan2012 had posted a reply to her thread. 
Mystery man, isn’t that the truth, she thought. She pulled up the photo and saw a picture of a white cat. The caption under the thread read:
White or black, what you see isn’t always what you get.
Nadia was very confused at what she saw. She assumed he would have actually answered her question. Suddenly she got an idea; she downloaded the picture and pulled up the encryption program. She loaded it and found an option to ‘read encryption.’ She waited a few moments till she saw the bubble come up that said ‘continue.’
She placed her mouse over it and anxiously clicked continue. That’s when she saw his actual reply.
Ms. Maverick,
You do not pay heed to warnings do you? Haven’t you ever heard the expression curiosity killed the cat? I find your selection of cat interesting. Did you know the feline that you picked is one that the old Pharos of Egypt used to cherish? It is actually called The Egyptian Mau and was said to be descended from the Gods. The first was named Mafdet, but the most known is Bastet. Why is this important you ask? Well, the tabby cat you have at home is a direct descendant of the felines who were known as the Egyptian domesticated cat. I wonder, would your cat, what do you call it, make a good pet for me? Guess you will have to wait and see…
Remember Ms. Maverick, your questions should be pertinent to your case. Asking the why’s of anything is pointless. Just accept what is and move on. You cannot change it nor should you try. Better women have tried and failed.
You may message again tomorrow after nine a.m.
Until then,
Mr. A
Nadia looked at the screen in bewilderment. Did he just threaten my cat? None of that made sense, and now she was going to be locked out until tomorrow. She copied the encrypted message down so she could look into what he had referenced. She had always been one to enjoy studying history of her own country, and now she was getting to study a society that is across the world and thousands of years old, but he mentioned it to her, therefore it must have some significance. 
She pulled up Google and typed ‘Mafdet’ into the search engine. The Wikipedia listing was the first to pop up, so she clicked on it. She read through the page and couldn’t help noticing the fact this goddess was the protector against snakes and scorpions. Are you saying you are like a scorpion Mr. A? A silent killer? She continued to read the page, gaining as much input as she could about this Mafdet, when suddenly something struck her as odd. He leaves chalk marks of snakes on his victims.
As she read further into the page, she saw where Mafdet was named in the First Dynasty as the deification of execution and legal justice. Maybe the people whom fall victim to him are being served justice by his own rulings? 
What did all of this mean? Nadia was very unsure of the message. She asked him to give her the why, and maybe that was what he actually had done. Did this mean Mr. A was a student of Mythology? Was he Egyptian, or did he have a God complex?  Could he be trying to clean up the streets of Cedar Rapids by his own judgment? 
She started to take notes about everything she found online. She noted that most of the pictures of cats that she saw were black. Pure black. This made her wonder if that was where the superstition of the black cat came from. 
The next step was deciding which question she would ask next. On the pad of paper she pulled from her bag, she wrote at the top, Why: Egyptian God Complex. On the second line she wrote, Judgments? She wanted to know how he picked who the next victims were. Did someone pay him? Did the police tell him who was going to escape prosecution so he could eliminate them? 
She dropped her pen at that last thought. The police. It was said Mr. A had them in his pocket; could it be reversed? Could the police rely on him to carry out the justice that the regular court systems couldn’t? Could this be why Kevin wanted her off of the story? Maybe he knew she would discover the truth.
Nadia wrote the word police on the third line of her paper and circled it. She knew this was the key, and somehow she was going to have to break down this barrier and find out what was really going on.
“Nadia, are you alright in there?”
She looked up at the door and saw Kain standing there with his brooding brother look on his face.
“Yeah, I’m okay. Why?” She closed her computer and put her notepad back into her bag. She didn’t want anyone to see what she had learned.
“You have that look.”
“What look?”
Kain shook his head and turned around to go back in the living room. His voice carried through the empty space, and in a cautious but loving tone Nadia heard, “The look of trouble.” 
CHAPTER THIRTEEN

Nadia woke up the next morning at exactly five forty-five a.m. Her mind was alert and ready to go. She felt like herself again, she had a mission, a purpose. Her sister was asleep in the bed next to her and she didn’t want to disturb her, so she quietly slipped from the sheets and grabbed a pair of tennis shoes and her bra. She needed to run, clear her mind and thoughts. She grabbed one of Kain’s sweaters that was lying on the back of the couch and put it on. She felt the cold chill brush along her skin when she opened the door. The sky was still pitch black, and the air had that cool winter scent to it. 
She jogged down through the grass to the sidewalk; she loved the sound of grass crunching under her feet. She listened to the sound of her jogging on the concrete, her feet hitting over and over. Deep breaths in and out, the cool air cleaning her lungs out.  When she turned the corner of the street, she saw cars lined on either side of the road. It made her think about the time she was learning to ride a bike with her father and she ran into a parked car. It was early evening; the sun was starting to set. She had her training wheels taken off her bike for the first time, and she was determined to ride her bike like her older siblings.
Her father let go of the bike while she was peddling as hard as she could. One second, two seconds, three seconds passed and bam. She ran into a parked car. The neighbor kids all ran over to her along with her father. He scooped her up in his arms and grabbed the bike. The two of them went home and her mother cleaned the cut on her knee from the fall. Attempt number one, epic fail, Nadia thought. Only she would run into a parked target.
The time lapsed during her run, and when she returned to Kain’s house she didn’t know how long she had been gone. It appeared everyone was still asleep, so she took the sweater off and kicked her tennis shoes off to the side. She heard Triple T making noise in the other room. She opened the door, and he came scurrying out. She picked him up and walked into the kitchen; she needed to feed them both. 
Walking towards the kitchen she saw something moving under the blanket on the couch. How had she missed him earlier when she was leaving? She sat down next to Daman on the couch and rubbed her hand on his back. 
“Lil’ man, you want to go to bed?”
He shook his head and rubbed his eyes, she watched him look up at her grinning and then reaching out for the kitten. “Was waiting for you Aunt Dia. Where did you go; did you get us donuts?”
“I went for a run, and no, I didn’t get you donuts. Do you want me to make you some?” He looked like he had just won the lottery, nodding his head yes.
“Your special kind, with filling and sugar?”
“Like there’s any other kind. Come on, you can help me.”
They set Triple T on the couch and he jumped up onto the back of the couch, curled into a ball, and watched them walk into the kitchen. “Daman I’m going to need a rolling pin, do you have one?”
Nadia washed her hands, and then pulled out the bowls and other ingredients she needed. She brought them to the table and organized them. 
“Here you go,” Daman said. He handed her the pin and reached for the flour.
“Hey, hold on there, grab hands. Go wash your hands.” She batted his hands away from the baking goods and shoved him off to the sink. She had everything laid out nicely, and when he came back to sit at the table with her, she was ready to begin.
“Alright, let’s make the dough. We have everything right here, so let’s combine the ingredients into one big bowl. Can you stir it all to make it smooth lil’ man?”
“Yup yup!” He grabbed the fork, poured the water into the bowl, and started to stir. Nadia laughed at his efforts and began pouring the other items in as well. When the mixture started to harden, she took his hand in hers and helped guide it around the bowl, making sure the dough was forming.
“Alright, now we need to pinch some and put it into a ball.” She started to move her hand to grab the dough when she felt Daman pinch under her arm. “Ow! Hey what was that?”
“You said I need to pinch someone, so I pinched you.”
“No, I said pinch some. Not someone. Like this, see, you put your clean hands into the dough and grab a piece of it. Now you drop it onto the wax paper like this.”
“Ohh I see,” He reached his hand into the bowl and pulled off a huge piece that he had to hold with both hands. “Like this!”
She laughed and nodded her head. He placed the dough on the wax paper too, and she sprinkled flour onto each of the balls. “Now we have to roll them out. I’ll add a little flower every now and then if you roll them. Can you do that?”
“Yes, watch.” He grabbed the pin and started to push it against the dough; he was having trouble getting enough of an angle so he stood on the chair. He put all his might into it and started to roll them properly. Nadia applied flour here and there, and Daman’s grin indicated he was having the time of his life.
“You missed a spot, Daman.” 
He looked up at her and with a serious expression and said, “I did not.”
“Yes you did lil’ man, right here.” She took a pinch of flour and sprinkled it on his nose. He laughed and put the roller on her arm and began rolling. “Hey, I’m not the dough.”
Daman laughed and then asked, “What’s next?”
“Okay, now we have to put the filling in. Watch how I do it, then copy me.”
He watched her carefully apply the fillings and fold the dough over and seal it off. “I got this, Aunt Dia.” He copied her actions precisely and carefully rolled the dough into a ball and sealed it.
“Good job. Okay, now I’m going to fry ‘em. Stay here; I don’t want you to get splashed.”
She picked them up, took them to the pan, and set them on the counter. She warned some oil up and then dropped them in. Daman came over to her and tried to look up. He wanted to see what was going on. 
“It sounds like its cooking; I want to see.” 
“No, go sit back down. I’ll bring your finished one to you.”
He sulked for a minute, then brightened back up when she brought his donut back to him and sat it down in front of him.
“Let it cool off for a minute or two; the filling will be hot.” She collected the items from the table and went to put them away while the donuts cooled.
“We didn’t make any for the others. What will they eat?”
“We ran out of dough, but don’t worry, lil’ man, we’ll figure something out.”
“Okay, can I eat now?”
“Not yet, we have to add the powdered sugar. You want a little or a lot?”
“A LOT!” 
Nadia sprinkled her donut first with the powdered sugar and then Daman’s. There was no spot left unsprinkled. “I think you forgot a spot, Aunt Dia.” He brought his hand up and tapped the tip of his nose.
“Indeed I did; forgive me.” 
Daman tilted his head back and Nadia took the spoon and sprinkled him with sugar. He giggled and laughed, then she sat down and they both picked up their donuts and took a bite. He grinned up at Nadia as the filling rolled down his chin. 
“Wiff is goof, Aunt Dia!”
“Don’t talk with your mouth full, and I’m glad.” She smiled at him and finished her donut. She knew she was going to be heading home today, but it was little moments like this that made spending the night at Kain’s worthwhile.
“Thanks for the donut.”
“Anytime, you want to watch a movie?”
“Yeah, can we watch one with the Chevy that chases someone at Christmas?”
“I think you mean Chevy Chase stars in A Christmas Vacation.”
“Yeah, that!”
Alright, go get it out, and we’ll snuggle up on the couch and watch it.”
Daman ran off to the video shelf and put the DVD inside the player. Nadia pulled the blanket out, spread it over her, and smiled at Daman as he came running up to her and jumped on the couch. They snuggled together, and the movie started playing. 
“Aunt Dia, you can stay here, you know? You don’t have to go home.”
“Nah, I need to go back. I have a job and stuff to do. Now shhh, you’re gonna miss what happens.”
“Is that Las Vegas?” He pointed to the screen and the opening scene of the movie began. 
“Yeah, it is, now shhhh.” She elbowed him slightly and pulled him into her grasp for a tight hug. They stayed like this long enough to both fall asleep.
~*~
“Leon, stop poking at your brother.” Kain tried to keep his voice at a whisper, but that was one thing he was not known for.
“But he’s going to be late for school.”
“Well that’s on him and Aunt Nadia. Stop poking him.” Kain signaled for Leon to come sit at the table. He had made eggs and they were getting cold. “Now come eat and be quiet.”
“Fine I’m coming, sheesh. Never get to have any fun.”
“Leon…”
“Yes, sir.” Leon sulked all the way to the table and ate his eggs in silence.
Nadia had heard the commotion and was beginning to wake up from her nap. She looked over her shoulder and saw Kain smile at her and Leon’s scowl while eating. She looked at Daman who was curled up in her lap. She shook him gently to wake him and slowly he started to make groggy replies.
“Wake up, Daman. You’re late for school.” Kain’s voice came through the silence, making Nadia feel guilty for keeping him awake this morning. She reached over to the remote and turned the movie off; she guessed it was about halfway through, so they most likely had only been sleeping thirty minutes or so.
“Sorry, I went jogging and came back and he was awake. He already ate breakfast.” She forced Daman to sit up when she stood to get off of the couch. She pulled him to his feet and pushed him off into the direction of his room.
“You alright? Must have been jogging early.” Kain picked up Leon’s empty plate and motioned for him to leave the room and finish getting ready.
“Yep, I’m alright. I just needed to clear my head. I’m ready to go home later. I just needed to process some stuff. You know how it goes.” She folded the blanket that she and Daman had been using then put it away. “Can you drop me off after we drop those two off at school?”
“Alright, I’ll be able to teach you how to use your new alarm system, so that works out perfectly.”
“What works out perfectly?” Anabella walked into the room; of course she was perfectly dressed and presentable. Never leaves the room without looking like a million bucks.
“Nadia’s going home after I drop the kids off at school.” Kain was finishing making lunches for Leon and Daman and putting them in their lunchboxes.
“I can just take her over so we don’t have to wait for you to drop the kids off.”
“He has to show me the fancy new alarm system. Apparently it takes a man to teach me. I can’t just read the instructions.” 
Both women laughed and Kain looked rather annoyed at the underhanded jab his sister was giving him. “Ha.Ha.Ha. Very funny, you laugh now, but when you have a toilet clogged and your instruction manual isn’t helping, don’t come calling me.”
“Oh Kain, stop that. We’re just teasing you. Have to make light of the situation, right Nadia?”
“Exactly Ana, but you know Kain; he’s a robot. He doesn’t know how to loosen up.”
“Maybe we should get him an oil can and call him the Tin Man from now on.” Anabella burst into laughter, she couldn’t even get the sentence out.
“Well seeing as it’s pick on the best man in your life day, I’m going to grab my boys and go. You ladies can be on your own all you want.”
“What a spoil sport. Come on, Nadia. We can follow him in my car, and we can ALL go over to your place and learn the new alarm system.”
The ladies packed up their things from the spare bedroom. While the circumstances hadn’t been ideal, they had enjoyed spending the time together with their family. They didn’t all get together as much as they would have liked, so the special moments that the last few days had brought meant the world to everyone.
“You sure you’ll be okay sleeping alone tonight? I can stay over again.”   Anabella picked up her bag and purse and headed for the living room, Nadia close on her heels.
“Yeah I got it I think, but if you just have to stay, you can.” Nadia knew what Anabella was doing, she wanted to stay at Nadia’s and feel helpful, useful.
“Glad that’s settled. You’ll have a roommate for a few days.”
“Come on girls, we’re late, move it!” Kain called out from the front porch. 
The women hurried out of the house and into Anabella’s car. They followed Kain to the school and watched the boys get out of the car and head to class. Nadia felt her stomach start to churn. She was about to go back to the crime scene, her house. Maybe having her sister spend one or two more nights with her was a good idea. Who knew how Nadia would handle living in a place where someone died, let alone her friend?
“Penny for your thoughts?” Anabella asked.
“Just thinking about Matt, about his body and how he looked the last time I saw him alive, then when I came home that night.  It started to smell a little bit after we had been waiting around for a while. In everything I’ve reported, I’ve never had to meet a body up close and personal. So that’s what I’m thinking about.”
“Well, all that makes sense. You know, if you need to, you can move. We can help you with the financial aspect of moving if it’s too much, but it would help keep you safer if that asshole does have your wallet. Speaking of, did you ever manage to recover it from that night in the alley?
“Yeah, my purse and everything inside of it was left undisturbed at the crime scene. Well, inside my car, I guess that was one of the crime scenes.”
“Do you know if they ever found fingerprints on your car?
Nadia took a moment to think back to her conversations with Kevin “No, actually they were unable to lift any prints from any surface of the car or the house, at least that’s what they are telling me. They could be lying I wouldn’t put it past him since I’m a reporter, but I doubt they did. This guy was a professional.”
They pulled into Nadia’s driveway and waited for Kain to arrive. They lost him somewhere on the main road and couldn’t go in without him; he had the key. “I’m a little scared, Ana.”
She reached for her sister’s hand and held it tight. “Don’t worry. We aren’t going to leave you alone. At least not until you are safe. You know that.”
“Should we tell Mom and Dad what’s going on? I don’t want to worry them.”
“Hopefully they have missed all the news about Matt and him being killed in your house since they were out of town.”
“Yeah.” Nadia paused, she felt her stomach churning, waiting for all of this to end one way or another. “I’ll tell them when they get back.”
“Good. I see Kain driving down your street. Let’s get our things. We can learn the system, then I need to get some work done.”
“Sounds good to me.”
They got out of the car and pulled their bags from the back seat. Kain pulled his car in behind theirs and came up to them.
“After you, ladies.” He waved his hand and motioned for them to lead.
“Oh no, you’ve made sure you were the leader of this crew, after you, Kain.” Anabella nudged him ahead, and the three of them walked up Nadia’s sidewalk to her front door. Kain pulled out the set of keys, and they crossed the threshold. He silenced the alarm and the three of them looked around. They all took a sigh when things appeared to be in order. 
CHAPTER FOURTEEN

After Kain left and Anabella was settled into the spare room, Nadia brought her laptop out and back to her desk. Triple T had resumed his spot on the desk right on top of the mail, curled into a ball and purring in his sleep. She stroked his fur and watched his tail swing as her computer booted up. She was anxious to send the next communication to Mr. A, but didn’t want to seem like she couldn’t have a bit of patience. 
She started to search for pictures of cats when a thought occurred. He said her cat was one of the remaining breeds from Egyptian royalty; she should photograph him. Pulling out her cell phone, she snapped a picture of Triple T sleeping. He looked peaceful and content in his own little world. The picture captured the colors of his fur perfectly. She sent it to her computer, pulled up the forum, and logged in. She hoped he had posted another picture but didn’t see any in their thread.
Pulling out her notebook, she flipped to the pages she took the notes down on and tried to think of what specifically to ask. Did she want to touch on the God complex or his apparent belief that he has the right to commit justifiable homicide? Maybe the latter would be best. She loaded the photo into the encryption software and the option to type a message appeared. The curser blinked over and over, waiting for her fingers to start typing against the keys.
Tick tock tick tock; time passed and still no specific question. 
She was trying too hard; this wasn’t as complex as she was making it out to be.
“Triple T, what do you think? Should I ask why he is obsessed with the cats, or should I focus on his snake mark?” 
The kitten looked up at her and meowed. His face then went down under his paw and he rubbed his head against his arm. 
“Well, you are no help, Mr. Silent.”
Are you the one who picks who needs your justice? How do you know that the justice you give is warranted?
Have you ever killed someone you later found out was innocent?
That was the perfect question because it would tell her two things. One, if he is judging them like she suspected, and two, if the method to his madness was logic bound or random.
She put the curser over the button labeled “Encrypt” and clicked on it, then she loaded it on the thread. She knew this time not to wait around for a reply. The clock said eleven thirty in the morning. She could make lunch and do a bit of cleaning before checking again. She left the desk and her laptop alone and went to make some sandwiches. 
“Ana, you want a sandwich?” she called out.
“Yea sure, chicken or turkey would be fine, with lettuce and cheese.”
She pulled out the necessary food, made the sandwiches, put some Cool Ranch Doritos on the plates, and grabbed two cans of Dr. Pepper. She poured a small bowl of kitten food out as well. She walked over and set the cat food down on the desk along with her plate and drink and took the others to Anabella in the other room.
“You need anything else?”
“Nah, this will be good, thanks Nadia.”
“Anytime. How is work, behind?” She sat on the edge of the bed and looked over Anabella’s shoulder at the computer screen.
“No, just reports, not earth shattering, they held well for a few days. I’ll work through the weekend and get them out by Monday.”
“Good, glad you didn’t miss too much; I would feel bad.”
“Nonsense Nadia, my place was here. But now I need to work. Maybe later, after we’ve both caught up some, we could watch some Twilight Zone?”
“Geez, you and Twilight Zone. Sure you don’t want to wait for Mom?”
“Nah, she and I will just watch it again.”
“Why don’t we agree to watch something, and if nothing else is on we can pull out those DVD’s. Deal?”
Anabella laughed. She and their mother were the ones with the obsession for the cheesy sci-fi movies. “You drive a hard bargain, sis, but deal. See you in a few hours.”
Nadia returned to her desk in the other room and noticed that part of her lettuce was missing little chunks. She looked at Triple T who was sitting on the mail in a very innocent position.
“I gave you food, T. This was mine.” She shook her head and ripped the lettuce off that had been eaten and put it under his nose so he could finish what he had started.  She ate her sandwich and in the corner of her eye noticed the notification blinking. 
He had responded.
Clicking on the highlighted area with her mouse, it pulled her to their thread. He sent back the picture of Triple T and she downloaded it then uploaded it into the encryption software. She waited sixty seconds for the program to produce a reply. 
Ms. Maverick,
What an excellent question you pose, but let me ask you this in return. Is there ever anyone who is truly innocent of crime and sin? We are humans, and to be human means to err. Therefore we all possess sins and evil. So your answer is naturally no, everyone is guilty of something. What you should have asked is has anyone ever died because of a crime they didn’t commit.
Try again Ms. Maverick, pick a question that will challenge me. So far you are only on the edge of a cliff and trying to stay afoot. You need to step deeper into the desert to find what answers you are really looking for.
Did you know that the felines are so intelligent that they will feed on their humans after death? They are smart enough to know that, while their master’s body is still on display, in reality their master has left them and moved onto another plane. Don’t you wish that you could be as enlightened as a cat?  
Until next time,
Mr. A
Nadia read the message a few times. She couldn’t believe what she had learned from this information. He was carrying out what he felt were justifiable murders. There were so many thoughts running through her head. At least this time he didn’t cut her off from asking more questions. She snapped another picture of Triple T, this time laying on his back with one paw sticking straight up in the air. She uploaded it into her encryption program and began typing.
Mr. A,
What I do not understand is why you chose this as your profession. I understand that you feel justified and that you seem to think that you are doing what is right. Maybe others will agree with you too; there is a lot of evil in this world that needs to be taken care of. Were you trained in this profession? 
I’ve always though vigilantes were a bit crazy. I mean, don’t you kind of have to be to take on the evil of the world, alone? However, I do think, possibly, we need vigilantes to do what the law cannot. I just don’t know if I think they are above the law. 
While on this train of thought, does that mean you think of yourself as the Bruce Wayne or Clark Kent of reality? I’d love to study how you were raised and what you did as a child to see why you have this logic inside your mind.
Looking forward to hearing back from you.
Nadia.
P.S. I think I am becoming a fan…
She encrypted the photo and the message then uploaded it into the thread. She wished she could have an actual talk with him, find out how his family raised him, and was his mother around or his father? Was he raised here in Cedar Rapids, or did he come from someplace else? She took her pen and added all of these internal questions to her notepad on the off chance that she would be able to ask all of these at some point. She couldn’t ask just one at a time and wait hours for a reply.
Lost in her thoughts Nadia didn’t hear that Anabella had come into the room and was talking to her.
“Nadia, earth to Nadia…” Anabella was standing across from her with her hands on her hips, obviously annoyed.
“Hey sorry, I was thinking, what’s up?” Nadia covered her notepad with another piece of paper and tried to look innocent, like she wasn’t hiding anything.
“Yeah, I know that look; you hiding something?” Anabella reached over and grabbed the notepad that Nadia had tried to hide and began reading. Her eyes narrowed and shot to Nadia, very pointed and angry. “What the hell do you think you’re doing, Nadia? Are you kidding me?”
Nadia reached up, grabbed the pad of paper, and pulled it back to her. “It’s none of your business.”
“What do you mean it’s none of my business? He is trying to kill you and you are talking to him!!!
“It’s perfectly safe.”
“Like hell it’s perfectly safe! This is unacceptable. You cannot talk to him anymore, after everything that has happened, you cannot. I forbid it.”
“You cannot forbid it, but that isn’t your call anyway. Mr. A contacted me through my public work email. Anyone can read what is being said; the information is public.”
“I don’t care. Wait till I tell Kain and our parents. Your ass is so busted.”
“What can they do, Ana? I’m an adult. I’m allowed to talk to anyone that I want to.”
“Not if that means you are risking your life for something so insane.”
“If I was in trouble then he wouldn’t be contacting me.” Nadia paused mid-thought and looked to the computer screen. The corner of her eye had caught the notification going off. 
“What are you looking at Nadia?”
“Nothing.”
“Liar, what is it?”
“He’s responded.”
“How many times has he responded?” Ana moved behind Nadia so she could look at the computer screen along with her.
“A few times.”
“Well click it and let’s see what he has to say.”
Nadia looked up at Anabella. “Are you sure?”
“Click it.”
Nadia moved the mouse to the notification and clicked on the link. The thread that they had been posting on pulled up, and Anabella saw the half dozen cat photos.
“You’re exchanging pictures?”
Nadia took this confusion as an opportunity to attempt to defuse the situation. “Yes, just pictures, see.”
“This doesn’t make sense. Why would you just give him pictures if you were writing down all those questions and facts about him? 
“It’s just what we’re doing, Ana, see? Harmless, like I told you.”
“I still don’t like it, but at least you aren’t speaking to that jerk. I’m going to keep my eye on you, little sister.  Don’t think you’re totally off the hook. I’m still telling Mom and Dad when we see them Sunday.”
“I wouldn’t expect anything less of you.”
“Don’t be a smart ass. You’re getting yourself into all this trouble; someone has to keep an eye on you.”
“I’m capable of that myself.”
“Keep telling yourself that. I’m going back to work.”
Nadia waited for Ana to leave the room before she downloaded the picture and put it in the encryption program.
Ms. Maverick,
You are gaining some confidence in your replies, I like that. Just be careful you do not cross that line. It is fine, and once you cross it, there is no going back.
I do not consider myself a vigilante, but I can see why you would think that. I just am what I am. I cannot explain how I became this way. I feel like I was born with this logic engrained into my mind. 
I can give you some examples of things I refuse to participate in. I refuse to perform a contract hit based on discrimination. I think those are disgusting and an abuse of my power. In fact, I have no qualms about dismissing the life of someone who likes to abuse those less than them. We should all have equal opportunities in life, and those who take that away are under no respect in my eyes.
Tell me, Ms. Maverick, why are you a fan? Do you have a secret desire to murder? Do you want to be the hand of justice? Or are you just intrigued with me? Be careful Ms. Maverick, for you might end up as my new pet.
Think on that until next time.
Mr. A
A smile crossed Nadia’s face. She knew he was as into this conversation as she was. He might be warning her off, but he was actually daring her to keep going. He wanted more; she wanted more It seemed like a perfect pairing. Triple T woke up from his nap and walked over to her. He nudged her face and purred into her skin.
“What’s that, Triple T? You think I should reply?”
“No, he doesn’t.” Anabella said as she walked up to Nadia. “I ran searches in Google about people who communicate with pictures, and stenography came up. So let’s see it. Show me what you two have been saying. I knew you were hiding something.”
“Ana I…”
“Stop, don’t even, just show me. Save me the cover up and excuses.”
Nadia pulled up the conversation for her sister to read. She pushed herself away from the desk and walked to the kitchen for a drink. She had a feeling a lecture was coming, and she needed something to wash down her sisters harsh words with.
“Well, what are you going to say back to him?” 
Nadia looked at her sister with a bit of confusion; was her tone condescending or interested? “Yeah, I was going to reply.”
“What were you going to say?” Anabella defiantly looked interested.
“I don’t know yet, Ana. Stop grilling me. All I do know is now I feel safer staying at home, because if he was going to come after me, I doubt he would give it this much effort.”
“I don’t like this, and I think you understand why. You’re just playing with fire here.”
“I know I’m taking a chance.”
“More than a chance. A risk.”
“I know what I’m doing.”
“You really don’t, but I’m not going to argue. I’m going to pack my bag up and let you and your cat get settled in from your ordeal. I’ll see you Sunday when we get together at Mom and Dad’s. I’ll leave you to tell Kain. You are going to tell him, right?”
Nadia nodded her head a few times.
“Say it, say you are going to tell him.” Anabella stood up and walked over to her sister. She looked into her eyes and waited for a reply.
“Yes, I am going to tell him.”
Anabella walked off into the other room while Nadia stayed at her desk, staring at the picture and the last message. She didn’t want to upset her family, but she couldn’t stop her curiosity. She knew Mr. A was drawing her into the situation more and more, but she also felt like he was safe. From what she had read about him and his past crimes, all the people who fell victim to him, she hadn’t done anything that would warrant a visit from Mr. A. It was that thought that gave her relief and justification in her mind.
“You’re really going, Ana?” Nadia looked up at her sister who was carrying a bag in each hand to the front door. “I don’t want you to go.”
“I don’t see the point in me staying to keep you safe when you’re over here talking with this hit man online. Doesn’t that seem counterproductive?”
“Mr. A isn’t the one after me. He’s not the one who killed Matt. He wouldn’t have been involved in that.”
“Look at you. You’re already delusional about dealings. Nadia, you need help.”
“I don’t want you to go.”
“Fine, but just for tonight. And I don’t want you replying to him again while I’m in the house.”
“Alright. I’ll put my computer up and we can veg out. Besides, Leon told me he saw you at the park with a guy last week. I think you have gossip you need to share.”
“Leon has a big mouth. I bribed him to not talk. Good to know that was five bucks well spent.”
“I paid ten.” Both women laughed and Nadia got up to hug her sister. She didn’t want to lose her family time, and Mr. A could wait until tomorrow.
Anabella came back into the living room after putting her bags back in the guest room and sat down on the couch next to Nadia. They pulled up Twilight Zone and ordered a pizza for the evening. “I do really love these marathons. Wish mom was here. We could make like we did in the old days.”
“We don’t need mom here to do that Ana. I have manicure, pedicure, and facial stuff in my bathroom. Want me to get it?
“Yeah, I think we need to pamper ourselves a bit. It’s been a dreadful week.”
“You’re tellin’ me. Ok, be right back.” Nadia got up and ran over to her bedroom. She fumbled around in the bathroom, gathering up all the supplies and heading back to the living room.
“What should we do first?” Nadia asked Anabella, setting down the items on the table.
“Facial’s, definitely facials.”  
The two of them smiled at one another and then settled  in for the night. 
 
CHAPTER FIFTEEN

Nadia felt bad that she was chasing her sister out of the house, but she had to speak with Mr. A. All night she had tossed and turned thinking of questions to ask him, wondering what he was doing and what he was like in person. She knew she acquired obsessions easily, and she was trying to not develop one now, but it was hard to maintain composure. Everything about this situation drew her in and made her want to keep on with the investigation. 
Turning on the laptop, she watched the screen load while drinking her morning coffee. Anabella had left promptly at seven this morning, so she had the whole day to speak to Mr. A. She pulled up the website, logged into the forum, and went to their thread. There was a morning picture waiting on her. He had contacted her first! She quickly downloaded the photo and uploaded it into her software. She pressed the button and waited for her new message to arrive.
Ms. Maverick,
I thought I would hear from you again today, did I scare you off? Pity if it did.
I have a question for you Ms. Maverick, as I’ve now done some research on you and the things that you have done in your past. Tell me, do you feel it is safe to speak with me given your recent run in with the court system and the trouble you have gotten in on other stories? 
Mr. A
Nadia felt confusion while she read this latest message. Was the idea of him losing a ‘fan’ sad for him, or was he perhaps toying with her and trying to bait her? It was probably the latter. She wasn’t stupid. He didn’t do anything for the fans; he did it because it was what made him happy. She found a picture of a white cat from Google and uploaded it into the encryption software. She started typing and her keystrokes seemed to flow easier than ever.
Mr. A,
I’m sorry to have disappointed you last night, but I had family over, and we insisted on some girl time, so I put my laptop away. You have not scared me away, yet. So far I am intrigued at your thought process. I wish there was a way we could meet in person, then I could ask you all of the questions I possess much more easily.
To answer your question, I do feel safe speaking with you. When you sent your initial email correspondence it was to a public email address at my work, and you enclosed the instructions, so anyone else could be reading this forum, so it’s not likely you are going to share anything with me that people don’t already know or you don’t want them to know. It also gives me a sense of relief, knowing what’s been said between us can be monitored by others.
But I don’t think you are a danger to me. I’m not perfect, and I have made mistakes, but I have not done anything to warrant an execution. That is who you go after, people who do wrong. Which begs the question, what did Ramon do to warrant a visit from you?
Your Curious Cat,
Nadia
She uploaded the encrypted picture onto the forum and pressed send. She felt bold and accomplished. The time stamp on his upload was five forty-five a.m. She found that odd. Did he know what time she woke up every morning? Was he watching her? 
Chills ran over her body as if it enjoyed the idea of someone watching her.
Snap out of it Nadia, he’s still a murderer. Don’t make this more than it is.
She saw the notification light turn red. He’d responded. To respond so quickly he must have been waiting for her to post. She clicked on the notification link and their thread pulled up. She saw a picture of Triple T again. This time it was of him lying on her pillow overnight.
He had been here.
Was he showing her this to ensure she was scared of him? Because if that was the case it was working. She didn’t like knowing a stranger was able to get that close to her house, her bedroom, undetected. Nadia downloaded the picture and uploaded it into her encryption software. She opened his message, and to her dislike, she smiled.
My Curious Cat,
Do remember that curiosity killed the cat. I would hate to see you leave, especially when I am just getting to know you. Face to face correspondence would not be acceptable; I don’t allow any women to get that close to me. I know you know where this photo came from. I wanted to make sure you know how vulnerable you are still, even with that new security system.
Ramon’s death was not by my hand. You will note, as the police should have discovered, that it was not my MO. I did witness who killed him, though, and he did deserve to perish. He set some man up to take the fall for a crime he committed. The man just died in prison from a gang fight during lunch a few weeks back. Ramon had promised to turn himself in or we would do it for him. But the man died before he could be free, so someone set balance back in order. 
Speaking of order, while I am not sorry for what happened to your friend, as I previously stated, none of us are truly innocent. I am sorry that it happened in your home and now you’re in danger and fear. I am working to fix that situation.
I have errands to run today, Ms. Maverick, so I will speak with you later. Try to stay out of trouble.
Mr. A
P.S. Your back door is unlocked.
Nadia’s eyes instantly turned to her back door when she read the last line, and it was, in fact, unlocked. He was watching her. He was watching her right now. She rushed to the back door and locked it. She knew it would do no good if Mr. A had wanted to enter the house. She thought the picture of Triple T had been taken with a telescoping lens; could he have a lens pointed at her back door, or could he be inside the alarm system of the house somehow? That was probably it; he was in her system. He had to have good computer skills to break into the places that he had in order to kill all his victims. This didn’t provide her with any comfort. In fact, this terrified her. She closed the computer, moved away from the desk, and went to sit on her couch. Suddenly she felt very naked. Naked and exposed.
~*~
Gabe knocked on the door a few times before pulling out the spare key that Kain had made for him and unlocking Nadia’s front door. Kevin had told him they dropped her car off at her house since all the evidence had been collected, and it was still in the driveway, so Gabe knew that she was home.
“Nadia, where you at?” Gabe called out as he walked inside and saw that there were blankets on the couch and the cat was curled up on them. He passed the living room and looked into the kitchen, empty. He went to her bedroom, empty. “NADIA!” He called out a few times while he ran back and forth through the house looking through everything. He pulled out his cell phone and called Kevin. He waited for him to answer while he paced back and forth.
“Hey Gabe, what’s going on?”  Kevin sounded distracted on the other end. Gabe wasn’t sure if his call was preemptive but he had to tell someone.
“Hey, it may be nothing, but I stopped by Nadia’s place. Her car is in the drive, her doors are locked, and she isn’t here. The cat is on the blankets on the couch. I don’t know if this is too soon, but something feels wrong.”
“Slow down Gabe. First, have you tried calling her cell phone? Maybe she’s out for a run.”
“No, no I didn’t try that.”
“Okay hold on let me call her cell phone from my desk.” Kevin dialed her number from his desk phone and it started ringing.
Gabe turned around when he heard the vibration on the desk behind him. “Um Kevin, I have her phone right here. It’s on silent.”
“Shit, does she go places a lot without her phone?” Kevin started to pull up the police system to put out an APB on her.
“No Kevin, she’s attached to that phone. She wouldn’t leave it, even for a few minutes.”
“I’m putting out the APB. We’ll notify the family.”
“Kevin, you have to find her.” Gabe sat down on the couch and picked up the kitten. He started to pet Triple T.
“Do me a favor and look through her laptop and see if she has anything that would indicate where she is. Let me know what you find. I’ll get back to you.”
Gabe listened to silence on his phone when Kevin hung up. He looked around her place for the laptop and didn’t see it. He went through her drawers on her desk trying to find clues. He pulled out her notepad and started to read the different messages she had written down. Gabe’s heart sank when he realized that she had been corresponding with the hit man this whole time. He pulled his phone out and sent Kevin a text message.
Found her notepad. She’s been talking to Carlisle Ali.
~*~
Nadia came to with a throbbing headache. She put her hands to her head and groaned. She didn’t remember the last time that her head felt like this. When she went to sit up, she realized she wasn’t on the couch anymore. She wasn’t even in her home. 
“Nosey reporter, wake up.” A loud booming voice came across the PA system. “That’s right; you are now under my control. Welcome to the news story of your life, or is it the news story that IS your life?”
“Who are you?!?” she called out. She stood up in the room she was in. She guessed it to be a ten foot by ten foot concrete cell.
“Who I am is not important. You, Ms. Nadia Maverick, are the one we are interested in getting to know.” The voice was deep. The vibrations rang throughout the cell. 
“What do you want to know?” Nadia’s voice was shaky. Her eyes were filling up with tears. She should have listened to Anabella; nothing good ever came from her mischief. 
“How about you leave the questions to me? For instance, tell me about your nephews.” 
“Don’t you talk about my nephews!” Nadia grabbed the bars on the cell door and pulled on them over and over. “Let me out you sick son of a bitch! LET ME OUT!”
“Tisk tisk tisk Nadia. Attitudes like that won’t get you anywhere. Maybe we should teach you a lesson.”
She backed up against the wall and put her arms around her body. She held onto herself with her strongest grip as fear started to flood her mind.
“What’s that Nadia? I can’t hear you…are you saying something? Speak up.”
“Who are you?” Nadia’s cheeks were now covered in tears, and there was a red flush to them. Her heart rate had picked up and her fight or flight was kicking into gear.
“My name is Slade, and all you need to know is I love pain. Do you think your friend Matt was in pain when I hung him from your living room?”
“You’re the one who killed him?” Her voice was stammering. Her hands went to her neck in a protective fashion.
“Yes I killed him, and if you’re lucky, I’ll spare you the torture and make your death clean and painless.”
The shadow outside of the cell was now standing right in front of her, the man's face hidden in the shadow but his body very clear. He was white, his arms muscular, his body lean and cut. Nadia's heart was in her throat; she could feel each beat that it took. She tried counting her heartbeats but was unable to; it was racing too quickly.
"Step forward, Nadia. Show yourself to me in the light."
She heard the voice, smooth, deep, psychotic. She started to press her back against the wall and shake her head vigorously left and right. She didn't know if he could see her and she didn't care. All she wanted was to go home, and she had a feeling that wasn't going to happen.
"I said step forward!" The voice boomed into the cell. He came up to the metal rails on the door and smiled at her. His teeth were white in the pitch black shadow of his face. 
"I...I...Leave me alone please…"
"I'm afraid that I can't, nosey reporter. You should have kept your nose out of our business. Foolish of you to think that you are above the rest and should get special treatment. Now I shall make an example out of you to ward off other reporters, so no one thinks it's okay to come snooping around my shop.
Nadia's heart froze. His shop? "I thought Carlisle Ali owned the shop?" She didn't know why she asked, maybe she had to know. Had she fallen for a game? Had Mr. A been out to kill her this whole time?
"That is a matter of technicality. Owning the land and building doesn't mean you own the shop. This is why women shouldn’t be allowed to work. They don't know anything."
Nadia let out a sigh of momentary relief. She hadn't been fooled by Mr. A, but that didn't really help her in this instance.
"You know that you won't get away with this. I have friends in the police department." Maybe she could reason with him. Maybe she could make him let her go. Somewhere inside everyone had to have some hope, right?
"It doesn't matter who you’re friends with. We have connections that go much higher. Now stop stalling and come here!" He took the keys from his pocket, stuck one inside the metal lock, and turned it. The release mechanism was so loud the sound echoed in the room.
Nadia watched him walk towards her, watched her life flash before her eyes, and all she thought about was her family, Anabella and Kain. Hopefully they were safe. 
CHAPTER SIXTEEN

For the second time in a week the police were at Nadia's house and they were starting an investigation. Nadia's neighbors once again stood outside of her house and on her lawn and watched the men and women walk back and forth with their crime scene gear in one hand and evidence in another. "Can you tell us what happened?" one of the men standing outside of the police line asked. 
"No comment," one of the officers replied to him as he walked down the drive way and into the Crime Scene Unit van to log evidence.
"Come on, this is our neighbor. What happened? Is the neighborhood not safe anymore?" The man was louder with his question this time and it brought Kevin to notice the situation. 
"Excuse me, sir, can I have a word with you?" Kevin walked up to the police tape and signaled the man speaking out to the crowd of police to cross the line and come toward him.
"Are you going to give us answers?" the neighbor asked Kevin.
"My name is Detective Glasco, and I'll answer what I can. It's difficult since this is an ongoing investigation. I’m sure you can understand that we cannot give away details of an ongoing investigation for the safety of the victim and families involved."
"Are you saying something happened to Nadia then, and that she is a victim since this is her house?" The man was now on alert.
Crap, Kevin thought. He’d said the wrong words. "At this time we are not prepared to make a statement about Ms. Maverick, but we are asking that all neighbors speak with one of our policemen who are canvassing the street in the event that one of you good citizens saw something useful."
"Did someone take her?" Kevin heard someone ask from behind the police line.
"Yeah, we haven't seen her around very much. Is she gone?" a woman asked, her voice coming in another direction.
"Does this mean we aren't safe?" Now a fourth person was chiming in.
“Where is Nadia? What happened to her house?” a fifth person was hollering out.
Kevin walked past the man he was speaking with to address the crowd of people throwing questions out to the officers standing around. He raised his hands, trying to get everyone to lower their voices so he could explain what needed to happen next.
"People, please, may I have a moment?" He waited until the voices grew muffled and began to speak. "As I was just telling this nice gentleman over here, we cannot comment on Ms. Maverick or an ongoing police investigation. What I can say is that each of you needs to speak with one of our police officers you see dressed in uniform. They are canvassing the area and need each of your statements. You might have seen something that could really help us solve the case."
Kevin took a moment to breathe and the crowd of people took that opportunity to start speaking all at the same time.
"Is Nadia gone?"
"What happened inside her house?"
"Is this related to last week's crime?”
"How can we protect our kids if you won’t tell us who is attacking people?"
“When is the last time anyone saw her?”
“Did you catch the killer from the other day?”
“Are you putting together a task force?”
“Is she working on some kind of story that got her killed?”
On and on the questions came. Kevin had done his best to field them and give the best answers he could. After about thirty minutes, the crowd started to dwindle and the police presence started to lessen. They had gathered the information they needed from Nadia's home and were now going to send the items to the lab for inspection.
"Kevin?" a man said from behind him. He turned around and saw Kain and Anabella standing with Gabe. He knew that look on their faces. He had seen it so many times on the job. Every time he had to speak with victim's families it was heart wrenching. It didn’t matter how much training and on the job experience you had, every victim and family was unique, and each time you gave the news to them, it was hard.
"Kain, Anabella." Kevin nodded to the both of them. He looked over at Gabe and knew he was there for support, but really no one could help in these types of conversations. "I assure you, we are doing everything we can to locate Nadia and bring her home."
"I don’t understand why stuff keeps happening to her. We had the security system installed. She should have been safe." Kain was holding his sister tight. He didn't want to let her go for fear of losing another.
"The system is only good if it is activated, and we spoke with the alarm company. It hadn't been turned on since that morning when it was turned off. There was nothing they could do."
"Did you find anything in the house? I knew I never should have left." Anabella was trying to be strong, but she knew, they all knew, the first twenty four hours was the most important and no one knew how long she had been gone already.
"You don’t know that you wouldn't be gone too, Ana. I don’t know what I'd do if both of you were gone," Kain said to her.
"Have you notified your parents yet? If you haven't we can do that for you." Kevin pulled out his notepad and started to write some things down while watching their expressions.
"They come home Sunday. Nadia and I were going to tell them that evening at dinner what has been going on.
"Where are they at right now? I can have the local law enforcement speak with them."
"They’re in Europe, traveling. I'll have to look at their itinerary. I'll get you the information," Kain interjected.
"Alright, what you two need to do is just go home. I'll keep you updated. You both have my number, use it. Don't do anything foolish like take matters into your own hands, okay Kain?" Kevin gave him a pointed stare. Everyone knew his background, and no one wanted to make matters worse.
Kain gave a simple nod, no vocal promise, but that would have to be good enough. "Come on, Ana, let’s go."
Kevin and Gabe watched the two of them walk off towards their car. Kevin looked at his companion; he was worried about him too. "We'll get her back, Gabe."
"I know you’ll do your best, Kev." Gabe's heart was sinking faster and faster by the minute. "I'm going to stay here. I'll take care of her cat, and I want to keep looking through what she was working on."
"You know that's not the best thing…" Kevin was cut off by Gabe's harsh words.
"I don't care what you think is best for me or the situation. I'm staying here." Gabe moved towards the front door, and since all the officers were gone, he slammed it shut and left Kevin standing outside.
Gabe walked into the living room and sat down at her desk. Triple T jumped up on the desk next to Gabe and purred for a moment, then moved to sit in his spot on the mail. He started to meow and paw at the notepad that was covering up his usual spot, and his actions made Gabe curious as to what he was pawing at.
"Something in your way there, T?" Gabe picked the cat up and grabbed the notepad. Setting the cat back down, he opened the pages and started to read. He saw the instructions he had given her from the email Mr. Ali had sent into the newspaper, then his instructions and the different correspondence that the two of them had exchanged. It looked like some were missing. The times printed out were well before her disappearance. She left the username and password on the inside of the notepad, so he pulled open her laptop and went to see what exactly she had been hiding.
After an hour of reading and digging into her files, Gabe sat back, staring at the screen. He was astonished at how much information she had uncovered and not told him about. He was not sure how to accept what he learned about "Mr. A" and his beliefs, but he did feel relief that it didn't appear that he was the one who took Nadia. That's when Gabe had an idea. 
Taking out the instructions Nadia had left behind, he pulled up a picture of a cat on her computer and loaded it into the encryption software then began to type a message.
Mr. A,
Hello, you don’t know me, or maybe you do. I’m Gabe, Nadia's best friend. I’m aware she has been in contact with you. I've read her notes on how to contact you, and I saw your last message to her warning her about the door. This tells me one of two things.
1-You are keeping a close eye on her and might have seen something that could help us find her. I’m not sure if you know, she's been kidnapped.
Or 2 - You took her. In which case, I'll be turning all of this over to the police, and they can come after you, and your theories about performing justifiable murders can be taken to court and tried.
I don't think the latter is you, but I'm not taking any chances. I've set an email to automatically send in the event I don't check in with someone every few hours, containing all the information I found on Nadia's computer as my safe guard. Not trying to be a dick, just trying to get my friend back.
If you can help, her family and I would appreciate it.
Gabe.
He uploaded the encrypted photo onto the thread on the designated website that had already been picked and then pressed post. He prayed that this was the smart thing to do, and most importantly, that he didn't just condemn him and Nadia to death.
~*~
He wasn't used to people talking to him on a regular basis. He didn't like the involvement that spurred when people became attached. He spent his whole life in the shadows, pulling the strings, never considering anyone his equal. No one could match him in skill or precision.  Or was it that no one was willing to try? Either way, he was a loner, and that's how he liked it. 
Then how did he justify talking with this reporter? What was his reason for telling her, or rather, giving her hints about himself? Did he want a friend after all these years? Three decades alone was a long time. His family had been gone for over thirty years and he’d grown up on the streets, learning the hard way what his purpose in life was. 
His first pet, a cat. He called her Miss Kitty. At eight, picking a cool name for a cat wasn't high on his priorities but keeping himself and her fed was. She was a calico, white with brown and black patterns on her soft fur. He remembered the first time they met. He was walking down the alley behind a grocery store, looking for scraps, when he heard a noise coming from inside the trashcan. It was dark and raining. He pulled a wooden crate over and pushed as hard as he could, opening the metal lid. The cat quickly jumped from inside of the trash and made a screeching noise as she hit the ground.
Dropping the lid, the clanging sound echoed in the alley way, alerting the store owner to his location. The cat took off out toward the street and he followed after her. The man who owned the store called out after him, but he didn't make out the words. He finally caught up with the cat and picked her up. She was shaking and disheveled. They walked down the street together till they reached an abandoned house that he was using as shelter. He remembered how he’d placed the cat on the counter and grabbed a towel that he had kept from his mother's home and used it to clean her off. 
It was that night that he named the cat Miss Kitty and that his life took on a new direction and new purpose.
He snapped out of his memory and opened the website that he and the reporter were communicating on. He was anxious to see how she had taken his last message. He was not pleased when he opened the correspondence to see the best friend had messaged him. He was even more upset at the message he was sent. Someone had taken his new little pet right from under his nose. This was new and brazen. Who would be so foolish to come after him in such an underhanded sort of way?
He uploaded a new picture into the program and wrote one sentence, then sent it through to the man on the other end.
I'll handle this - A
He walked over to his pack and pulled out the brown box that contained his iron collar. This collar meant a lot to him. He acquired it on one of his many trips to Europe. He met someone who specialized in Spanish artifacts and presented him with a custom garrote that was used when condemning Mariana Pineda on May 26th, 1831 for treason. She was the first woman to be executed for treason. He had learned her history and couldn’t pass up the opportunity to possess this treasure. This woman had made a custom flag with the words, 'Equality, Liberty, Law.'  His heart pulled at him when he learned she was executed while watching her work burn before her eyes.
He opened the box and ran his finger over the cool iron collar. His body always chilled before he went out to perform an execution. It took someone with a strong determination to do what others couldn't to set the scales right and balance out good versus evil. He looked over the etchings that he had engraved on the wooden box. “I fear nothing for God is with me,” Joan of Arc’s last words before her unjustified execution in 1431. He never agreed with how the world treated those who were different and knew they were called to a higher power. Just because people didn’t understand the power of being called, didn’t mean they deserved to die.
This was why he was sent here. There were too many injustices in the world and balance needed to be restored.  
CHAPTER SEVENTEEN

William and Laura had enjoyed their vacation away from life in Cedar Rapids. Their trip across Europe, traveling through Italy, Germany, and ending up in Amsterdam had been enjoyable, but wrapping their voyage up had been sad. Neither of them wanted to come home just yet, but both knew reality was awaiting their return. 
"Do you think the kids will enjoy these tokens of our love?" Laura asked while she packed up the hookah pipes, laughing. Her bag was stuffed full of different odds and ends from around Europe.
"You know Kain and Anabella have my side of the family’s sense of humor. That's going to be all you and Nadia right there my love." William leaned over and kissed his wife. After fifty-five years they still found ways to show each other that they loved one another every day.
"Yes, how could I forget? Your family has never had a shred of humor in their bones. You would think after half a century I would have rubbed off on them by now, but no, I’m not so lucky."
"You know they didn't take you seriously when you were ten, right? No one believed that you would really marry me when you would declare it on the neighborhood park steps." William laughed, remembering when his wife dropped to one knee proposing in front of both of their families at the neighborhood picnic. Everyone teased them, but she didn’t care; she always did whatever she pleased.
"Mr. Maverick, how many times have I told you that when I see something that I want, I go after it? That's what us Griffiths do; it's why you fell for me, William."
"The why is still left to be seen my love, but the mystery is what keeps us together." 
Laura laughed, took her towel, spun it in her hand, and then flicked it against his bottom. He made a fake yelp and they laughed together. The playful banter was something that these two needed to keep themselves young and full of life. They both loved retirement but hated the realizations that came along with it.
"I can't believe we haven't spoken to them in a month. I'm sure they think we've dropped off the planet." Laura finally had her bags packed, all of her new knickknacks sorted, wrapped, and secured.  
"I told Kain to hold down the fort; you know he will. I'm sure they’ll have a big dinner party for us, and our grandbabies will have a sign or something made, welcoming us home. Laura, stop worrying. You know our kids are perfectly fine."
"I know, but you know me; a mother's always going to worry."
William nodded and pulled her into his arms for a hug. "Yes my love, you do always worry. Why can't you Griffiths come with an off switch?"
Playfully, Laura slapped at his arm. "I'll show you an off switch, Mr. Maverick."
"I don't think you have ever had an 'off switch' in your life Laura. Now come on, come over here and show me you love me." He wiggled his eyes and pawed at her. Part of what he loved about her was the fact that falling in love with her at ten meant that he still saw her as the same outgoing and carefree spirit that she was back then. None of the qualities he loved about her had vanished as they aged.
"Excuse you, William; I am not a toy here for your handling." She smirked at him.
"I never said toy…" Grinning at her.
"William…."
Their playful banter was interrupted by the sound of the phone ringing. William kissed his wife's forehead and walked over to pick it up. 
"Mavericks," he said into the receiver.
"Dad, glad I caught you. I need to tell you what happened." Kain's voice was toned with anxiety and fear.
"Kain, what happened? Are your sisters and sons okay?"
"No, they’re not. Dad, it's horrible. Something's happened to Nadia."
William looked over to Laura and reached his arm out to her. She immediately walked to him and he held onto her tight. He didn't know what to do first, reply to Kain or tell Laura what he had just said, so he just replied. "What happened to Nadia?"
"She was kidnapped, at least that's the theory the police are going with right now. Kevin Glasco is leading up the search, but really we don't know anything. There was some trouble at her work. Someone was murdered in her home because of a job she was on."
"What's he saying, William?" Laura's heart was racing. She needed to know what was going on with her baby.
"Hold on darling, let me hear him out. I promise I'll tell you. Kain keep talking so I can tell your mother." William's hand was on Laura's hip, and he was squeezing it. He pulled them both into a sitting position on the bed. His mind was racing with the possibilities of what was being done to his youngest child.
"Honestly Dad, I tried to keep her safe. Ana and I kept her at my house for about a week and a half. I had the best security installed in her home, but she didn’t even turn the damn thing on. We couldn’t have done anything else. You know how she is. It pisses me off! And now she’s gone! I don't know what to do, but I knew we couldn't wait a couple days till you came home. I had to tell you now."
"Your Mom and I will see about getting a flight home today or tomorrow, a few days shouldn’t be too difficult, I hope, especially if we tell them the situation. Everyone else is okay, right?"
"Yes Dad, everyone else is okay. My boys are safe." Kain's tone was calmer when speaking about his sons.
"And their mother, she's still being taken care of?" William's voice had lowered almost to a whisper.
"Yes. They’re still under the impression she's on vacation."
"Good, we love you, Kain, and we will be home as soon as we can. Tell Ana and the boys we love them too. See you hopefully in twenty-four hours." William's voice carried an air of authority that could calm all of his children; it was part of his gift as a father.
"William, what did he say? What’s going on?" Laura looked into her husband’s eyes while tears filled her own. She didn’t know what was going on, but she knew it was time to worry.
He hung the phone up and wrapped his arms around her. Holding her comfortingly, he started to recount the phone call for her. "It seems our Nadia has once again gotten herself into a mess and has been kidnapped. The police are on it and looking for her. The name of he detective sounds familiar, Kevin Glasco." 
"That's one of Nadia's friends, I think." Laura interjected.
"I'm not sure; Kain didn’t say. He did say that he and Ana had kept her at his home for the last week, and he had upgraded the security at her house, but she didn’t turn it on. Who does that sound like?"
Laura shook her head. "Like mother like daughter."
"Mhmm. Now, they’re looking for her, but you know our little trooper, nothing is going to get in her way. She's going to be alright; you know that."
Laura could only nod. It was hard speaking when her mind kept going to potential news reports of her daughter being found dead in alleyways.
"I'll call the airlines; see if they can get us home today." He got up from the bed, went to his bag, and pulled out their tickets and passports. He came back to the phone and began to make a few calls. He watched as his wife started to move in a haze. She packed up the remaining items in the room, and within the hour, they were checked out of the hotel and on their way to the airport. They were able to book a last minute flight out of the country. They would be home in nineteen hours.
~*~
Kain hung the phone up after the call to his father and saw Leon standing at the doorway, looking at him. His arms were crossed and he had the look of an older boy, not a child, on his face. "How much did you hear?"
Leon looked at his father and it was if his voice changed overnight. He spoke with a tense tone. "Is she dead?"
"Leon." Kain started to walk towards his son when he put up his hand stopping him from coming closer to him.
"Is she dead, Dad?"
"I don't know, son." He looked down at his boy. His heart broke knowing that he had overheard that phone call.
"What do you know? Does Aunt Ana know she's missing? What about Detective Glasco? Does he know anything?" Leon started to tap his fingers on his arms. It was a nervous habit he picked up in the hospital the first time they had to have his mother admitted.
"Leon, I promise I’ll tell you as soon as I know something. Why don't you go play?"
The boy looked up at his dad. Sometimes children surpassed their age long before their parents were ready for it to happen. With Leon, this had happened a few years back. "I don’t want to play, I want to help search for my aunt."
"Leon, we have to let the police handle this. It's important that we let them do their jobs."
"You were supposed to take care of her. It was your job."
"I know, son."
"You let her down."
Kain watched Leon walk out of the room and down the hall to his bedroom. His heart was breaking, knowing that his eldest child blamed him for the problems of yet another woman they loved. He tried to help her, just like he tried to help their mother. Some days Kain felt utterly useless as a man. Today was one of those days.
~*~
Slade had watched her sleep for most of the night. He liked to watch her chest rise and fall with ease and in a pattern. He enjoyed the consistency it brought. He had never gotten to know his victims. He didn't want to feel sorry for them or become attached to them. There was no need for any issues in the future. He had a history already, and that was enough for him. Who didn’t have a history, right? His previous kills had been fun; he enjoyed watching them squirm.
The coworker of this woman had whined. He hated the weak, couldn’t stand to hear men crying. That made the killing almost less fun when a man couldn’t hold it inside. What was his name? Matt? He had not only begged for his life but shed tears, like a woman. Only the frail behave like that. Eventually he couldn't take hearing his incisive pleas any longer and kicked the chair out from under him. He watched him squirm for a glorious ninety-eight seconds.  That was all the time he needed till Matt's legs stopped moving and his hands stopped fighting against the rope.
He counted each of his victims last breaths. Precious, every last one of them.
"Are you ready for some fun, Nadia?" Slade walked up to her. He had a grin that ran across his face that sent chills through her bones. She didn’t like where he was going with this and knew she was lucky if she survived.
"I...I….Please Slade...No more…."
"No more? But I haven't even done anything yet."
"You've held me here and kept me chained to this table. It's felt like forever. It's been at least a day!"
"You wimp, it's been twenty hours. It's Friday. Are you such a pathetic girl that you can't even handle being strapped to a table?" Slade's tone came across as frustrated. What did he expect her to be like? She didn't do this kind of stuff every day.
"Please let me go. I'll never write another story about you again, I promise. I'll never talk about what you did to Matt or anyone else, I swear, please."
"This isn't about what you write, little girl. This isn't about that at all. This is about what I enjoy, and I enjoy you for the moment. Now, come here, my pretty; it's time... 
CHAPTER EIGHTEEN

He pulled into the restaurant's back alleyway and turned his car off. He hated having to resort to pulling favors from the so called 'friends' he'd acquired from the many different jobs that he'd worked on throughout the years in this town. He'd never called in a favor. Never. This was why he didn't get attached, this exact reason. Now he felt some sort of obligation to find Nadia and whoever took her, find them and kill the person who had taken the one he had found a peculiar attachment to.
"Mr. Ali," the hostess said. She bowed her head to him, showing a sign of respect as he passed by her, walking through the back door and moving to the booth towards the back of the restaurant. This was where he preferred to do his business.
"May I get you something to eat, sir? Something to drink?" She looked at him for just a moment. He watched her try to avert her eyes, but she couldn't help herself. His beauty and stunning features made it hard for those who knew him to divert their attention elsewhere.
"Water, that is all." A monotone tenor escaped his lips when he spoke to her. She hurried away and he waited, waited for his old 'friend' to show up.
"I didn't expect you to ever come into my place of work, Carlisle," a low, deep voice said from around the corner. He watched as Mr. Talbot walked up to the bench and sat down. He took off his hat and rested his hands on the table. One of his girls brought him a coffee, and he waved her away. He noticed that the man looked like he had aged since the last time he had seen him. What had it been, two years?
"Rumor has it, the friendly neighborhood reporter has been taken by one of the local brutes. You know anything about that?"
He watched Mr. Talbot's thumbs twitch and circle each other, he hated to be questioned and Carlisle knew it, especially in his own establishment. 
"That depends, which reporter are you talking about? I've heard of a few going missing; you need to be a little more specific."
Carlisle brought his fists down on the table and raised his voice. "Now you listen to me, I heard she was a friend of yours too, so I'm calling in my favor; consider us even. You tell me who took her and where he is keeping her, or I'll bring down everyone who works with you and who helps you with all of your trafficking and any other ring you have going on out of this little front company you have here, Talbot. I came to you out of respect, now give me Nadia!"
Carlisle watched Mr. Talbot's body tense and the look on his face freeze in shock. "Nadia?"
"Don't play dumb with me. You and I both know you know what is going on in this town more than anyone else. WHO TOOK HER?"
"Carlisle, I have no idea. Whoever did it, it wasn't sanctioned; it wasn't approved. You know Nadia's a friend of mine; I'd not have been okay with that."
"You better hope that, when this all comes to a head, the story I find out matches what you just said because, so help, me if it doesn't, Talbot, you will be my next victim."
"Obviously there is some attachment with you two that I don't know about, so I'm going to excuse this outburst of disrespect in my home environment this one time … But Carlisle, you had better watch yourself. There aren't that many people who would go against the order we have established in town. You know that."
Carlisle nodded to Mr. Talbot and stood up to leave the booth. He paused a moment and turned to look into the eyes of his 'friend.' "You will let the bosses know, after this. Whomever’s man is responsible for this, I'm coming for that boss and I'll take him out too. We can't have irresponsible people running our city." 
Mr. Talbot didn't speak. Carlisle looked into his eyes just for a second then walked out of the restaurant, got into his car, and left.
~*~
"Come on, kitten, you need to earn your food, come and play." Slade called out from the speakers. Nadia's body had gone stiff and still a long while ago; she did not want to keep playing this game. He was feeding her raw mice like she was a cat, and it disgusted her. She refused to eat, refused to give into this disgraceful illusion he had of fun.
"I said go to hell!"
"And I said, if you don't stop being a little bitch, I will turn you into fried pussy cat, now EAT!"
"A real man would come face me, not toy with me from behind the speaker. This is the real world, not some sick, twisted movie; don’t you know that?" She hoped she could bait him out, like he was trying to do to her. Maybe if he wasn't as smart as he let on, maybe.
"Little kitten, come now, I don't mean to upset you; I just want you to eat. Is that so wrong? Come on, just once, for me. I want to see you play with your food. Then I'll let you go."
"Oh, I don't believe that for a second, Slade, not one second!"
She could hear him grumbling into the microphone attached to the speaker. She knew she was getting to him. It was only a matter of time. She would outlast him, she had to. Help would be there soon. Her family wouldn't let time pass too long before noticing her disappearance, and Gabe for sure would have Kevin on the trail.
Think, Nadia, think. What would Kevin tell you to do in this situation? 'Don't get in it.' That's what he would tell me. Yeah, yeah. Hindsight, twenty-twenty and all. She walked along the outer walls of this room and felt along the edges, looking for some sort of break in the wall. Maybe there would be an exit or escape door along the path at some point. Most modern day facilities needed them to be up to the code of standards and she was praying that this was a modern day facility. Chances were, if there was a speaker system installed and it worked, there was a possibility that this could be the case.
"Oh Nadia, I see you trying to escape, but dear, that won't work…"
~*~
Carlisle had run through most of the known leaders around town and all were able to account for their men. The only person that had turned up short during his impromptu role call had been Slade.  He knew that there was only one place that could hold Nadia properly that Slade had access to, and it was only thirty minutes away. Carlisle wasted no time. He would pay for this mistake, dearly. 
He was already heading in the direction of the warehouse when he received a phone call from the boss of that crime family telling him Slade was a no-show. He watched the odometer move closer to ninety when he started to back away; he didn't want to get caught for speeding and bring attention to himself. He slowed it back down to seventy and set it on cruise.
Thirty minutes later, he found himself parked outside of the abandoned warehouse and was looking directly at a red Pontiac Grand Am. He knew Slade drove one, more proof that he had been the one to abduct Nadia. He took the box off of the passenger’s seat and began his walk toward the building. He should have called the cops, but this time, it was personal, and he needed to make sure this criminal went down.
~*~
“I can’t….” She tried to refuse the gag but couldn’t. He was dangling the device over her face before wrapping it around her jaw and head, once again making her defenseless to anything he wanted to do. This time he was going to work on his electroshock therapy. She had heard of serial killers and mass murderers doing crazy things, but never thought that she would be in one of these spots where the story would one day be about her and what happened while she was being tortured.
“Kitten, I want you to know I’ve enjoyed this time together, but now, now it’s time to say goodbye.” 
Nadia’s heart started to race. She watched as Slade brought over his black bag and started to unroll his leather pouch. He took something out and it was hard for her to focus at first. Her mind wasn’t able to comprehend what was going on because of the fear that was taking over. Then she saw it, the silver.
Knives.
She started to kick her legs, but the restraints held her in place. She started to pull her arms and got nowhere; she screamed and nothing came out, the ball gag silencing her. 
Carlisle saw what was happening across the room. Slade had removed the knives and was going to cut Nadia, cut his woman, no, not his woman, his friend, someone he cared about. He opened his box, took out the garrote, and put it inside of his pocket. He shrugged his jacket off and put it on the floor next to the box. He began his march to save her.
He walked up behind Slade; he looked down at Nadia and shook his head at her. He wanted her to stay silent. He balled up his right hand into a fist and swung. He hit Slade in the back of the head. The sound of fist meeting bone was a cracking noise that neither Carlisle nor Nadia were used to hearing.
Carlisle had caused Slade to be knocked off balance, and his knives fell to the floor. They made a clinking and clattering noise while hitting the concrete, and he turned around. His shock was displayed on his face when Slade looked at Carlisle coming at him. 
“What are you doing here?” Slade asked.
Carlisle said nothing. He simply grabbed Slade’s collar, pulled him up towards him, and hurled him into the nearby wall. He rushed toward him and jammed his knee into his sternum; he repeated the motion over and over, then jammed his elbow into Slade’s face. Slade’s nose now broke; blood ran down across his mouth and chin. Carlisle took the back of Slade’s shirt by the collar and tossed him to the ground near the table where the knives had fallen. 
Carlisle saw Slade’s hand reach out for one of his knives, and his foot quickly stomped on his hand, hard. His wrist bones cracked and Slade let out a cry. Carlisle reached into his pocket and pulled out the garrote. He ran his fingers through Slade’s hair then made a fist and pulled his hair causing his neck to wrench, pulling him back towards his chest. Carlisle put the garrote onto Slade’s neck and began tightening the device.
One…two…three…four…five…six…seven… that was all it took for Slade to die. Carlisle removed the garrote, put it back into his pocket, and looked over his shoulder at Nadia whose eyes were wide, tear filled, and scared. She had seen everything.
He moved to her and unleashed the device from her mouth, and he heard her let out a moan in relief when she could freely move her jaw again. He then released her arms and legs. 
“Can you walk?” he questioned.
“I think so.” 
He watched her eyes start to look over at Slade’s lifeless body, so he moved his to step into her view so she couldn’t see him. “You don’t need to see that, Nadia.”
“You killed him.”
“I did.”
“He’s not like the others though,” she said in a soft tone
“No.”
He didn’t need to go into any explanations about why he did what he did. They both knew it needed to be done, and there were no other options.
“What day is it?”
“Saturday morning.”
“My parents will be in tomorrow,” Nadia said while trying to stand up from the table. She went to put her weight on her legs and started to fall when she pressed down on her legs.
Carlisle reached around and wrapped his arm around her back and held her up. He walked her out of the room and grabbed his coat and box, then continued to walk her out of the warehouse and into his car. He got her settled and began driving her back towards town. They drove for ten minutes in silence before he spoke.
“Your parents are actually in town. It’s been all over the news. Once we check you into the hospital, I’ll call my contact at the police department and let them know you are safe at the hospital so they can have your parents come see you.”
“Can’t I just call them now?”
“I don’t have a phone with me.”
“Oh.”
“Sorry.” He didn’t give much feeling in his tone or expression with his statement; it was said more out of habit or expectation than true sentiment.
“I understand.”
CHAPTER NINETEEN

Nadia's body had only made it halfway through the car ride to the hospital from the warehouse before she passed out from the trauma. Carlisle didn't know if it was the exhaustion or the physical strain that she needed to work out of her system, but he wanted to make sure that she was properly taken care of. He called ahead and informed them of their arrival. He attempted to give them her vitals, but since he was driving and not a trained medical professional, it was hard.
They took her information, name, and emergency contact. Carlisle watched them wheel her away; the doors swung shut, locking him out of the view of her and what was going to transpire behind the closed doors. The hospital made it clear that this was where he was to part ways with his friend. This was where they said goodbye.
Nadia woke up the next morning with the sun shining brightly into her room. She heard the most wonderful voice outside of the room. Mom. They were home, back from their trip. She turned her head to look out of the window. She saw her dad sitting in the chair with his feet propped up on the edge of the bed.
"Hey Dad," she said in a whispered voice.
She saw her dad open his eyes and smile at her. She reached her arm up in his direction and his hand met hers in the air.
"There's our little survivor. How are you doing, Champ?"
"Oh, you should have seen the other guy; I took him down hard." She let out a short laugh and winced from the pain. She moved to grab her side but decided against it. She didn’t want to worry him and make him think that she was more severely hurt. 
"We haven't been told much about the who and what's, but we were told about you and your condition. You, kiddo, are pretty lucky. Just a lot of hydration issues and some malnourishment. Some minor scrapes, cuts and bruising. No broken limbs or any internal bleeding, so they said as soon as you woke up, we could probably take you home."
Nadia sat there for a moment looking at the ceiling. Home. The last time she was there Slade had come right in and taken her.
"Dad, do you want to know what happened?"
"Of course, Champ, but only if you want to tell me."
She was about to start talking when Laura came walking into the room. "Oh, you’re awake! My baby!"
Nadia felt the pressure of a loving mother’s hug on her rib cage as her mother's arms reached around her body and squeezed. "Nadia, we were so worried. What on earth happened to you?"
"She was just about to tell me, so shush, woman. Let her talk," William chimed in.
"Don't you shush me. How was I supposed to know? I was out in the hall talking to the doctor getting an update on our daughter's condition."
"Well, let her talk already, woman."
"I am! I am!"
"Guys!" Nadia interjected.
They both turned to her and smiled. "Sorry," they said in harmony.
Nadia nodded her head and let out a sigh. She reached both her hands out to her parents and they each took one. She closed her eyes and started to relive the experience that she only wanted to tell once time in her life.
"I was sitting at my desk. Triple T was purring, and he and I were playing, kinda. I had just received an email from a friend, and I was trying to come up with a proper reply to it, when something alerted me to turn around and look at the back door. So that's what I did. When I turned around, I saw nothing. So I got up to check. I walked around the house. Now my instincts were on high alert. It made no sense to me, but something told me I wasn't alone, and as I'm sure Kain has already informed you, I didn't have his fancy alarm system armed, so it did me no good, and I didn't think to turn it on THEN or to even alert anyone. For future reference, I will be utilizing that device more. Anyway - I walked back to my desk and sat down. I was only there for a moment when someone came up from behind me and, I don’t know, chloroformed me? Can they test for that? Well, next thing I knew, I woke up in a cell. I thought I was stuck in a horror movie like SAW or something. He had a speaker system, it was sickening. I’m just, glad to be out of there. I'm thankful to be free. I thought I was going to just die on that table and that I would never be free. I thought I would never see any of you guys again, and that was a horrible thought to think."
Nadia lowered her head and looked at her parents. They both sat there in shock. Her mother was crying, and her dad was holding her mom's shoulder in comfort. She could tell the idea of her not coming home had disturbed them as much as it had her, and that was when she broke down and cried. Her mom reached over and pulled her into her arms for a hug. She felt her dad's arms wrap around her mom’s. The three of them sat in the hospital room for who knows how long, crying and holding each other, thankful to be alive and together. 
"I love you guys," Nadia said, wiping away her tears.
"We love you too, baby girl." Laura kissed her daughter’s forehead; she started to rub the smudge prints of the lipstick off of her skin when the doctor walked into the room.
"Good Morning, Nadia, how are you feeling today?"
"I’m okay, my body feels a little sore, but I feel better than I thought I would."
"That's good. Do you mind if I give you a quick exam?" The doctor walked over towards her and pulled his stethoscope off of his neck. Laura moved to the other side of the bed and Nadia adjusted herself in the bed.
"Yeah, sure that's fine."
The room was silent; you could hear a pin drop on the ground with the stillness as everyone held their breaths, waiting for the doctor to make his final declaration once he was done examining her.
"Well, your lab results are normal this morning, but when you arrived here we did find traces of chloroform in your system. Detective Glasco has already been by and taken a copy of your labs and all of the clothing you were brought in wearing for evidence. I’m not sure if you are up for giving your statement, but I am going to tell him that I suggest you speak with him once you are more awake.”
“Is he here?” Nadia questioned. 
“Oh honey, him and Gabe have not left since they got the tip that you were being brought in here,” William said.
Nadia looked down at her hands. Gabe had really been there for her recently; she owed so much to him.
“Everyone is outside, honey. The whole family.” Laura reached over and placed her hand on her daughter’s and gave it a squeeze. We all wanted to make sure you were okay. We were all so worried for you. None of us wanted to think about what could have happened…had the unthinkable occurred.”
Nadia looked at her doctor and in a soft voice simply said, “When can I go home?”
“That depends, where is home and who will be taking care of you?”
“I live alone. I have a house.”
“But she will have company until she doesn’t need any,” her mother chimed in. “Even if that means we will all be spending the night, every night, for the next year.”
“You are very lucky to have such a large support system, Nadia. Most of my patients are lucky to have one person to come home to after a traumatic event.”
“I know, and I’m so grateful for each of them. I really am.”
“Okay well, you can be released to your own home tonight so long as someone stays with you for the next two to three nights, then, after that, just take it easy and my assistant will call and schedule a follow up. See you in a few days. Mr. and Mrs. Maverick, it was a pleasure to meet you; Nadia, get well.”
She watched the doctor turn and leave her room. Her parents both were smiling at her. She was glad she could go home, but the reality of it was, she was scared. Nothing was safe anymore; her home now had been violated twice.
“Can I see everyone?” 
“Yeah, I am sure they would all love to see you, but they will only let visitors back two by two, so we will send people in slowly. We don’t want to overwhelm you. Who do you want to see first?” William said. He stood up from his chair and put his hand on Laura’s back. He started to guide her towards the door, helping her let go so he could give his daughter what she wanted.
“I guess send Gabe and Kevin in. Let’s get that part of this ordeal over with, then Kain and one of the boys, then Ana and the other? What do you think?”
“That sounds like a great plan, Champ. I’ll let everyone know.”
“Thanks, Dad.” 
“No problem. You know I’d do anything for you, right?” William looked down at his little girl. He felt so helpless looking at her in the hospital bed, unable to help her.
“Yeah, I know you would. I know you both would.”
“Okay, good. I’ll go get the troops ready to see you. Pretty soon you will be all packed up and home, wishing we were out of your hair.”
“Are you kidding? I already wish that. After the last two weeks I’ve had, this was really the last thing I wanted.”
“I know, dear, but just remember, this too shall pass, and soon it will be Christmas, and we will all look back on this and be glad it’s over and done with.”
“I know, Mom. I just wish that it wasn’t happening to me right now.”
“I know, baby. Just rest, and I’ll send Kevin and Gabe in.”
“Thanks.”
Nadia let her head fall back against the pillow and she felt the pain in her stomach start to boil. Not pain, a sickening feeling. Her home was no longer safe; it wasn’t her sanctuary; it wasn’t a place of peaceful existence any longer. It had been invaded, not once, but twice. Twice, Slade had crossed her threshold and violated the inside, first with Matt’s death, then with what he did to her. Triple T had witnessed both defilements and somehow still managed to seem content in the home. Maybe he realized that it wasn’t her but him that brought the hatred around. But to be fair, she hadn’t been home to see her cat since she had been taken.
“Nadia.” The knock on the door brought her out of her thoughts as she heard Kevin and Gabe came inside of the room, shutting the door behind them. They walked up to the bed. Gabe came to give her a hug, his tight arms wrapping around her and squeezing tightly.
“Hey Gabe, thank you for coming.”
“Of course I’m here. I’d never leave you, you know that.”
“Yeah, I know, but still, it’s good to see you here.” She looked over at Kevin and smiled up at him. “It’s good to see you too, Kevin. I hope that the doctors gave you everything of mine that you needed for the investigation.”
“Yes, Nadia, they did. All I am missing right now for the report is the statement from you. Are you up to giving it to me right now?”
Gabe straightened his stance and stood next to the bed. His tone was very protective and confrontational. “Kevin, are you absolutely sure that you need it today? It cannot wait?”
“It’s fine, Gabe. I can give it to him today,” Nadia said. She reached her hand out and placed it on Gabes. She wanted to offer some reassurance to him, something to sooth his nerves and give him some peace with what had been going on.
“Alright, let’s begin. Why don’t you tell us what you remember and give us as much detail as you can? That way, we can retrace your steps to the best of our ability, and it will make for a more clean report.”
Nadia simply nodded and began speaking. She didn’t spare any details except one. She told them everything she could about Slade, what kind of place she was being held, how he was keeping her, what he was saying to her, how he threatened her towards the end, and what she remembered about the moments before she was being taken. She didn’t give this much to her parents; she didn’t want them worrying more or having nightmares. Only one person in their family needed to have the effects of Slade on their heart, and she didn’t need to be the cause of any more of her family’s pain.
“The man who rescued you, you said you didn’t see his face?” Gabe’s tone was very accusatory.
“I told you, I was in and out of it at that point. I can’t remember. I remember that he tried speaking to me. I thought I was replying, but I don’t remember what we were saying. I remember I thought he was tall, but I was lying on the table, so I think that he would be tall to anyone who was lying on the table.”
Kevin nodded and wrote some things down on his notepad that he had pulled out in the middle of Nadia’s recounting of what had happened while she and Slade were in the warehouse together.
“There is a rumor that Carlisle Ali is the one who saved you.”
“The guy who we were watching at the pet store?” Nadia looked at Kevin in shock. She wouldn’t betray her friend. She refused to be the kind of reporter who gave up her source, so why would she be the kind of friend who betrayed someone when they had just done her a favor?
“Yup, the one and only. You wouldn’t be hiding him, would you, Nadia?”
“Kevin, he sent me that email, remember? I think he would be pretty insane to be the one to do that; it would look too obvious. But I’m not sure who it was. I told you, I was in and out; it could have been Gabe for all I know. Well actually, I know it wasn’t Gabe. The guy’s hands were not as soft and smooth as Gabe’s. I’d recognize his in a coma.”
Gabe let out a laugh, and Kevin didn’t change his expression. She could tell he wasn’t going to buy her story. He was just allowing her to skate by, for Gabe’s benefit. She bit her lower lip and started to say a little prayer. She didn’t want Mr. A to get into trouble; he had, after all, saved her life. “What’s it matter who it was anyway? They saved my life, shouldn’t they be a hero?”
“Nadia, there is killing in self-defense and then there is killing. If you are being threatened you are allowed to defend yourself or others and use force equal to what you feel is being used on you or the people you are protecting. Slade, well, it’s obvious that it could have gone down many ways. I’m just trying to get the reality written down so I can put it into the report, so we can send it to the district attorney’s office, so she can make some kind of declaration.” Kevin folded up his notebook and put it back into his back pocket. He looked annoyed with the situation, but Nadia saw Gabe give him a look, and Kevin gave him a similar one in reply and simply said, “I’ll see that everything goes away, Nadia. You rest, and if we need you, I know how to find you. I’ll give you two sometime.”
They watched him turn around and leave. They both could feel the tension leave the room the moment the door closed as Kevin departed. 
CHAPTER TWENTY

“Step, step, step.” 
“Mom, I know how to walk,” Nadia said, her tone obviously annoyed.
“Well, you just had a traumatic event. I just want to make sure you don’t get hurt again! Come on, give me a break, my baby’s in pain.”
“I’m not broken, Mom.”
“No, but you could have been,” Anabella chimed in.
Nadia looked over her shoulder and glared at her sister.
“Thank you, Ana. See, listen to your sister. You could have been broken. Now let me baby my baby.” Laura swatted her bottom and pointed to the next step. 
Nadia heard Anabella laughing from behind her; she would find a way to get her back for this, one day. She just didn’t know when or how.
“Don’t be pissy. Dad’s making us stay with you for two days, forty-eight hour supervision. It’s not our fault you can’t take care of yourself.” 
Nadia waited for her mom to open the door, then she walked inside and Anabella followed close behind while Laura clocked it shut.
“Don’t you blame your father, girls; this is just as much Kain’s fault as it is his. They just worry and want to make sure you both are safe. But don’t worry, there will be a big dinner brought in tonight. You both can take up your complaints with Kain and your father then.” 
Nadia walked to the couch and sat down. She put her legs up and sighed in relief. It felt good to be home, even if she felt the house needed to be re-sanctified again after everything. 
“Where is Triple T?” Nadia asked.
“Kain has him. He and the boys will bring him over with dinner,” Anabella said.
Nadia nodded and then reached for the remote. She winced for a brief second, then caught herself. She didn’t want the others to see, but they noticed.
“See, you are in pain. Here, let me help.” Laura scooted over to her daughter and wrapped her arm around her. She held her close and started flipping the channels of the television. “Ana, why don’t you make us some hot chocolate? That will help her, and Irish it up.”
“Mom, you love any excuse to make something ‘Irish’ even though we aren’t Irish!” Anabella laughed out while walking to the kitchen.
Nadia snuggled into her mom and felt the comfort of her mother’s embrace. Maybe tonight was happening for the best, being with the women who she loved most, recuperating. “What did you say they are bringing over for dinner tonight, Mom?”
“Your father went home to cook his specialty.” Laura swept away a strand of Nadia’s hair and kissed the top of her daughter’s head then set her cheek on her skin to check her temperature the old fashioned way. “You know how much he loves any excuse to make ribs. And of course all of the boys love an excuse to make the fixings. I’m sure we will have potatoes and corn and coleslaw, beans, and you name it.”
“Goodness, we don’t need all that; it’s just one night.”
“No, it’s not just ‘one night.’ Our baby girl’s home from the hospital and from what I’ve been told by your brother and sister you’ve had quite the rough few weeks. Seems a good ole Maverick family celebration is in order. And don’t worry; we invited your friend Gabe. Not the cop boyfriend, just Gabe.”
“Thanks, Mom, that means a lot.” Nadia held onto her mother tight. She didn’t want to let her go. Even when Anabella came back with the hot chocolate and handed it to her, she didn’t move much.
“Nadia, do you want to talk about everything that happened?” Laura sat up and looked straight at her daughter. Her hands rested on Nadia’s legs, very loving and comforting like.
“I don’t know, Mom.”
“You know it’s not your fault, right sis? It’s that creep’s.”
Nadia shook her head. She got what they were saying; she knew it deep down.
“Matt is still dead because of me. At the end of the day, that is my fault. It was my story and my job to protect him, and I almost was killed because of it too. I think I need to start re-evaluating what I’m doing with my life, give it a real hard look.”
“What was the story about that was so important?” Laura asked.
“The local owner of the pet store, I thought he was using it as a front for some kind of gang related activity, so Matt and I were on a stake out.”
“And were you right?”
“That’s neither here nor there, Mom. The point is Matt’s dead, and I almost was too. Slade isn’t the guy we were staking out either. He was just some random thug who happened to be there. Carlisle, I mean, the guy, he isn’t what I thought he was. I was wrong all wrong; everything was wrong about this. I really messed it all up.”
“You’re on a first name basis with him?” Anabella poked fun at her sister. She always tried to lighten the mood when she felt Nadia was getting either too serious or things were going to get out of control when it wasn’t necessary.
“Do we need to talk about him, Ana?” Nadia’s body language changed. Both her mother and sister picked up on it, and being women, they wanted more details.
“Yes,” they replied in unison.
Anabella was the first to respond. “Why are you on a first name basis with a gang member?” 
“More importantly, is he cute?”
“MOM!” Nadia let out an exaggerated sigh. “First off, he is not a gang member; he is really a nice guy. I would say he is more of an eccentric person. Please don’t tell Kevin this, but he is actually the one who came and saved my life. I don’t know who told Carlisle where I was, and I don’t care how he knew, but somehow he was the one who saved me. He killed Slade. I watched him do it right in front of me, and I would watch it again.”
“Well, if he saved my baby’s life, then he’s okay with me. When can we meet him?” Laura sipped her hot chocolate, smiling.
“It’s not like we’re dating, Mom. I didn’t say you are getting a new son-in-law.”
“Did I say you were getting married?” Laura looked to Anabella. “Well, did I? No, I simply asked when we could meet him. Far be it for me to push my children in any direction they don’t want to go themselves.”
“Mother, we all know that tone.” Anabella chimed in laughing.
“Thank you, Ana. See, at least she knows what I’m saying.”
“Oh, that doesn’t mean I don’t agree with her, Nadia.” 
“Traitor!” Nadia pouted. “I’m never telling you two witches anything again.”
“So have you slept with him?”
“Ana!!!” 
Laura laughed; she choked on her hot chocolate and watched her youngest child’s face turn ten shades of red. It was these moments that made parenting worthwhile, these special times no one else got to see.
“Well I mean, he risked his life and fought off a bad guy. I figured you must be good in bed or something. Why else would he go through all that? I’d have left your ass on the table.”
“Oh, why you are such a brat!” Nadia was all flustered now. She hated when her mother and sister teamed up on her. She always felt like the one who got picked on the most.
“Alright Ana, why don’t you leave Nadia alone? I think we’ve teased her and her new friend enough for the day. Honey, why don’t you nap? We’ll clean the house some and set up for dinner, that way you don’t need to worry about anything later. How’s that sound?”
“That’s fine, Mom.”
“Good. Off to bed now. Ana, see to it she doesn’t drop and fall on a tall handsome gang member on her way to the bed will ya?” Laura stood up from the couch, laughing at her joke. She walked off to the kitchen, amused with herself.
“So nice to have Mom home, isn’t it, Nadia?”
“Oh yes, the two of you together, it’s just lovely.”
“Stop being a party pooper, you love us. Now rest.”
~*~
“Is she here? Is she here?” Daman was running around saying.
“She’s asleep, son. I keep telling you that, now shhh or you will wake her.”
“But Dad, I want to play wiff her!”
“Daman, you have to wait until she wakes up. We went over this in the car.”
“I don’t see why I can’t just wake her up myself; she loves me. I am her favorite alarm clock. She’s told me so before.”
“But she isn’t sick when she says that; she is sick now. Hush, or else I’ll duct tape your mouth shut.”
“Oh Dad, you wouldn’t.”
“Try me.”
Daman ran off in a pout and found a corner to hide in; all he wanted was to play with his Aunt Nadia.
“Kids, they are quite a handful. Glad I don’t have any,” Gabe said to Kain as he walked up from behind him, handing him a beer.
“You sure you don’t want just one? I’ll loan you the youngest. Hell, I’ll pay you to have him for the weekend.”
“Nah, I’ll pass.” Gabe brought the top of the bottle of beer up to Kain’s and tapped it against his. “Here’s to the start of a great holiday season. Hopefully Thanksgiving brings us good stories and lots and lots of turkey.”
“I’ll drink to that.”
The men laughed and took a drink. Kain looked around the room and surveyed what everyone was doing. His father was putting the last touches on the food under his mother’s watchful eye. He wished his ex-wife was capable of being in his kid’s life like his parents had been in his. He hoped that one day his boys would be able to find a bit of normalcy like that. Until then, it was him and his sisters for his boys.
Leon was leaning up against the hallway wall. His arms were crossed and his eyes were glued onto Nadia’s door. Anabella was talking to him, but he didn’t think Leon was really listening, not the way he appeared to be focused on the door.
“Gabe, will you excuse me a moment? Leon looks like he’s not taking this whole Nadia thing well. I think we need a man to man.”
“I don’t think any of us are taking this whole Nadia thing well, Kain. We are all just coping in our own way.”
Kain paused a moment to look at Gabe. The man had a point, a very valid point. None of them really were coping in the same way, but they all were feeling somewhat to blame for one of their women being taken.
“You gave me an idea about what to say. Would you mind if I brought Leon over here to talk with us, as ‘men’?”
“Nah, of course not.”
“Good, just a second then.”
Kain walked off in the direction of his sister and eldest child. He was so proud of his son; he had no words to express properly how much pride he felt.
“Hey there guys.”
“Hey Bro, what’s going on?” Anabella wrapped one arm around Kain’s waist and gave him a half hug while Kain all the while was looking down at Leon.
“Hey Leon, will you come over with Gabe and me for a moment? We wanted to talk to you about something.”
“I guess,” Leon said.
“Everything alright, Kain?” Anabella asked.
“Yeah Ana, everything’s good. Why don’t you get our guest of honor’s lazy ass up? She’s slept half the party away.” Kain leaned over and kissed his sister’s cheek then walked away with his son.
Leon and Kain walked up toward Gabe. They all smiled at one another. “Hello Mr. Sarmani,” Leon said softly.
“Hey there Leon. How are you doing?” Gabe kneeled down so he could be on the same level as him. He had always liked Kain’s boys. 
“I guess okay.” Leon shrugged. He didn’t seem like he wanted to be at the party or to be talking.
Kain kneeled down and put his hand on Leon’s back. “Son, we know you are worried about your aunt; we are all worried about her, but you can’t let it eat away at you like this.”
“Yeah, you know we all love her like crazy, right Leon? She’s a very lucky woman,” Gabe spoke up.
“But none of you were there to keep her safe,” Leon replied.
“Bad things happen to good people all the time, Leon. That is part of life. Nothing anyone does can stop that.” Kain wished he could do more for his son. He hated that he was hurting like this.
“But I don’t like that she was hurt, and I don’t like that none of us could help her.”
“We are helping her now, Leon. Sometimes, helping someone after the trauma is more important than before, because they need the love and support of their family after. I promise, this is what she needs.” Gabe hoped that his message was getting through. He didn’t know kids, didn’t know how their minds worked, but he knew Nadia and assumed her nephews were as smart as she was.
“Do you think she will be the same?” Leon asked them.
“What do you mean, son?”
“Well, I heard on the TV that sometimes after a near death experience people aren’t the same, so does that mean she isn’t going to be our Aunt Nadia anymore?”
Kain and Gabe let out a little laugh and Kain brought his son in for a hug. “Oh Leon, no, that’s not what that means at all. It usually means people are more thankful and enjoy life more. They are more appreciative for what they have and the joy in life. They no longer take things for granted. You know, they care about things in a whole new light.”
“So Aunt Nadia isn’t going to change?”
“No Leon, not at all, she is still going to be the same crazy Aunt Nadia you have always known.” Gabe said. He smiled at the child. Okay, so maybe kids weren’t so bad.
“Hum…okay, well, I guess if she is going to be okay then I’ll be okay. I just don’t want her to change.” Leon leaned into his dad and the guys sat there for a moment before Leon walked off to go play with Daman. 
Kain and Gabe stood and finished their beers. “Well, I think that went well, but I don’t have kids.”
“It went better than I thought it would.”
“Well, I call that success.”
Kain laughed. “Yeah, I guess I do too.”
CHAPTER TWENY ONE

Nadia heard a knocking on the door and looked at the clock. It was time for the party, she knew, and she supposed everyone had wanted her to come out and be social.
“Nadia, are you awake?” Anabella said, whispering as she cracked open the door. 
“Yeah, I am. I’m coming out.” 
“Alright, just making sure you’re okay.” She watched her sister shut the door and swung her legs out of the bed. It did feel good to be refreshed and have a peaceful sleep.
She stood up from the bed and walked over to the window. She adjusted the blinds to let in the light, and she loved the warmth on her skin. She grabbed her hairbrush and started to fix her hair when she heard fingers rapping on the window. She turned around slowly and saw him looking in. He wasn’t exactly smiling, but he had a look of pleasure on him. She saw him point to the window and realized he wanted her to open it.
Nadia walked over and lifted the window and stepped back. Carlisle hopped into the window frame and then stepped into her room.
“Hello my fan, I hope you are feeling better.” 
She took a few breaths. He was definitely grinning at her now. “I am doing better. It’s good to be home and with my family.”
“I’ve been watching. They seem to really love you and are protecting you.”
“You’ve been watching?” She took a step towards him. She didn’t know why, but the moment she realized she had done it, she retreated.
“I am. I drilled little holes in each of the ceilings. I installed undetectable cameras that only someone like me could find. Don’t worry, Nadia; only I can see you now.” 
“That kind of sounds like a stalker there….” Nadia paused. She was very unsure what all of this meant, and this man scared and fascinated her all at once.
“It means no one will be able to hurt you again without me knowing about it, so you are safe. Don’t worry; your home is now properly protected. Think of me as your own private ninja.”
“Oh.” She wasn’t sure what to say. Nadia was overwhelmed that someone she didn’t know all that well would take so much effort to protect her, but she also thought it was a bit stalkerish. “Cameras?”
“Don’t worry, nothing will be seen that isn’t supposed to be. Your privacy will be protected. Your images and the images of your family and your little male friend out there won’t trigger the sensor to go off, but any other image will.
“How am I ever going to thank you for what you did for me? You saved my life.”
“You know, you are the first life that I’ve saved.” He paused for a moment. “Well, that’s not true. There are hundreds that are saved by the work that I do, they just don’t know it. I never meet them. You were my first face to face survivor.”
Nadia closed the distance between them. She grabbed him and hugged him with all of her force. She didn’t want to let go; she was enjoying this moment. He brought her home to her family, and now he restored some safety to her house in a weird, creepy sort of way. “I’ll never forget you. I’ll always remember what you did.”
“I’d appreciate it if you stopped talking about me.”
She stepped back and looked up at him, confusion in her eyes. “I didn’t tell Kevin you were there. I told him I couldn’t remember. I won’t let the police know it was you. I wouldn’t do that!”
He laughed; he realized she didn’t know what she was referring too. “I meant your talk with your sister and mother. They asked about who saved you. They asked if we were sleeping together.”
Nadia’s hands flew to her face to attempt to cover the red that was now engulfing her cheeks and neck.
“There is nothing to be embarrassed about, Nadia. We’re adults; it was a fair question for your sister to ask.”
“A real gentleman wouldn’t have brought it up,” she bit back at him.
Carlisle moved closer to her. He leaned his head down and whispered into her ear. “My little fan, one thing you need to remember when you are dealing with me, is that I am not now, nor have I ever claimed to be, a real gentleman, so if you are expecting me to follow some customary rules, you better change your mind. They will be broken every chance I have. Now, don’t we have a party to attend?”
She cocked her head to the side. The question was there; he didn’t need to read minds to know she was asking We?
“Yes ‘we’, I saved you. Don’t you think that I should be fed at the very least?”
“I thought you wanted to keep a low profile.”
“Well, it just so happens you have this new neighbor who moved in next door, and he saw all these people and thought he would stop by for the party.” Carlisle shot her a half smile and completely threw Nadia off her guard.
“You really want to come meet all of my family?”
“No, I was just teasing you, but I will be around every now and then. And we will always have our chat room. Don’t forget that.”
“Right, that’s where all our magic happens.” She laughed. Her smile was big; her laugh filled the room.
“I’m gonna get going. Please tell your friend Gabe that he’s not to mention any of our conversation to his friend Kevin.”
“You spoke with Gabe?”
“Yes, you should ask him about that.”
“I will. See you later, and thanks again.” Before Carlisle had a chance to leave out of the window she leaned over and kissed him, nothing ostentatious, just sweet and sensitive.
He took no time in hesitating. He reached his arm out and pulled her body close to his. He pressed them together and let his mouth open hers, his tongue slipped inside, and he stole a few more moments of sweetness with her before slipping out of her window and walking down the street, into the distance and eventually out of sight.
There was a knock on the door. “Nadia?” Anabella came pushing through, moments afterwards.
Nadia turned around and looked at her sister. Her body felt flushed from head to toe, and she knew that her face was giving away that there was something going on.
“Are you alright?” Anabella came up to her sister and put her on her face to feel for a temperature. “You look flushed. I was worried when you didn’t come out.”
“I…um, yeah, I’m fine. Come on, let’s go out to the party.” Nadia took her sister’s arm and strung her arm through hers and started to walk towards the door, when she felt her sister not moving.
“You’re hiding something. Spill.”
“It’s nothing. Come on, the food is probably getting cold or eaten.”
“Nadia, don’t make me go get Mom.”
“Drop it, Ana.” Nadia lowered her head and started to look away, but she was smiling and that was teasing Anabella.
“What happened, Nadia? Tell me!”
“He came.”
“Who came, Gabe? So what? He’s always around.”
“No, not Gabe. HIM, he came.” Nadia was smiling ear to ear. That was when she suddenly remembered the cameras that he had mentioned were in the ceiling. She looked up and started to inspect each of the cracks in the walls. Was he listening to the conversation they were having right now?
“The one who saved you, the gang member?” Anabella’s voice picked up an octave and she even sounded excited for her sister.
“He’s not a gang member and shhh. Come on, let’s go eat.”
“Nadia, come on, tell me what happened!”
“NO, a girl doesn’t kiss and tell.” She made it out of the room and heard Anabella yell, “Kiss and tell, you kissed him?!?”
Everyone in the other room turned and looked at Nadia who was now walking into her living room. She was embarrassed and mad. She turned to look at Anabella who had now made it out of her room and froze when she saw all eyes were looking at her.
“Oh shit.”
“Who did you kiss, Aunt Dia?” Daman said as he came running up toward Nadia. 
She smiled down to him and picked him up when he approached her, shaking her head. She glared at Anabella with a pointed look. “No one, lil’ man. Aunt Ana was on the phone with a friend, she wasn’t talking to me. Right, Aunt Ana?”
“Yeah, I was on the phone with my friend Kim. You remember her, right buddy?”
“Oh yeah, I like her,” he said. His head found a place snuggled into the crook of Nadia’s neck. 
Anabella smiled as she passed by Nadia and walked into the kitchen to make her a plate of food. Nadia handed Daman off to Kain who was watching her like a hawk. None of the adults bought the line the girls had used on Daman, and she knew that eventually one of them would corner them and want more details on what had really happened.
“Feeling better there, Champ?” William handed his daughter a plate of food. Nadia had no idea how she was going to eat all of it, but it looked good and she was willing to give it a try.
“Of course, like you always said, nothing cures a hangover better than sleep. That’s all this is, a bad hangover.” She picked up one of the ribs and bit into it. The meat fell off of the bone and into her mouth. She let out a moan of enjoyment as the tender meat broke apart as she chewed and swallowed, savoring each and every piece.
“Good, well now that you’re awake, we can let the party begin. Everyone, let’s eat!”
“You didn’t have to wait for me; you know that, Dad. You all could have started without me.”
“See, Dad, told you she didn’t care.” Kain walked past Nadia and poked her in the side with brotherly teasing; she loved it even more now that she almost lost it.
“Hey, where is my cat?” Nadia started to look around the room. She hadn’t seen her precious kitten in a few days and was anxious to get him in her arms.
“I have him, Aunt Nadia. He’s here.” Leon walked up to her holding Triple T in his arms. “I think he’s missed you, but I kept telling him you would be home.”
“Thank you for taking care of him for me, short stuff. I knew I could always count on you when I need help.” Nadia took the kitten from his arms and she put him in her lap. 
Leon smiled at her and she gave him a hug and kissed his head. “You are my little hero. Let me buy you a rib.”
“Buy me a rib? Grandpa made ribs; that’s cheating. You have to buy me something else.”
“Oh? I do huh? Hmmm, well what does my hero want?”
“How about a new bike?” Leon looked at her with a big smile on his face. The two teeth he had lost recently were still missing, so the holes made his mouth look even cuter than if he had his normal smile plastered for everyone to adore.
“What if I have your dad talk to Santa about it? Christmas is just next month.”
“Okay fine, I hope he listens to you. I’ve been asking for a month now.” 
All the adults laughed and Laura came up and hugged her grandson. “Child, I promise, one way or another, we will get you a bike.”
“Thanks, Grandma!”
~*~
Nadia was completely worn out, she had overdone herself with the activities tonight at the family dinner and she was ready to relax. She told her mother and sister that she was going to bed, but she really wanted to talk to Mr. A again. She couldn’t stop thinking about that kiss. What made me do that? She couldn’t believe she had just kissed him out of the blue, but more importantly, he seemed to have enjoyed it. 
She started to surf the articles on the news station’s website, catching up with the current affairs of the past few days. She felt so out of touch. Not a lot had happened, but enough had transpired that she actually had a good hour’s worth of news to read and review before she felt like she was semi caught up on local and national news. There was one article in the national news that caught her attention. An Iranian had been murdered and it had happened in Houston. It seemed they were trying to connect some cases. Houston. She’d never been to the South before.  
Pulling up her laptop camera, she snapped a picture of Triple T lying on her pillow, pulled up the encryption software, and started to type the message.
Mr. A,
Tonight it was so nice to see you and give you a proper thank you. I can’t tell you how much it means to me to be here one more day and to have this night with my family. All night I kept thinking it was because of you that I am still here and knowing that you were watching me wherever I went in my home. While it was reassuring, it just reminded me that my home was no longer a place where I felt safe. I had been invaded and this isn’t a haven any longer.
I think I have to move. I’m not thrilled about this, but I have no choice really. But now I am thinking that I might want to move. Do you know anything about Houston? They have some kind of crime going on right now; it might interest you. I’m going to include the link in this encryption for you to think about. 
I hope to hear from you again.
Your Fan,
Nadia
P.S.
I can’t stop thinking about our kiss.
She pressed the button to encrypt and waited for it to finish, then loaded it onto their thread. She closed the computer down and slipped into bed. Tomorrow was Monday; she would start her normal routine as best she could at five forty-five a.m., if at all possible, even if that meant it was just waking up and walking around the living room a few times. She was determined to take her life back, and that was her first task. Maybe she would call Scully and get a lead on a new job too.
~*~
He heard his computer notification go off and he brought up the encryption software to decode what she had sent him. He smiled when he saw the picture of her cat sitting on her pillow; he remembered seeing the pillow in her room. He started to read the message Nadia sent and that’s when things started to change for him. 
ABOUT THE AUTHOR

Ashley is married and lives in Houston with her husband and their two dogs, Toto and Doogie. They have been together for over 8 and a half years, and he brings her more joy than she could ever imagine as a child. 

Ashley finds her strength through her family, especially her parents. They always support her in life; they push her to strive for greatness. There once was a motto that Ashley heard in her youth through her Taekwondo life 'Reach for the Stars' and that is what Ashley has always done. It was through her upbringing that the values Ashley has and displays came from. With her parents always cheering her on in life, she was able to grow up having faith in herself and her ability to conquer the world.

You can contact Ashley at the following locations.

www.ashleynemer.com
www.facebook.com/ashleynemerauthor
ashleynemer.blogspot.com
Ashley@ashleynemer.com 

Check out what else is out by Ashley Nemer and the other authors at The Art of Safkhet…
Other Books from the Authors of The Art of Safkhet
Blood Myth 
Sekhmet's Revenge Volume One
Sekhmet's Revenge Volume Two
Blood Purple
Blood Yellow
Maverick Touch The Cat
Whispers in the Dark  
The Cafe (Temptation Tuesday)     
After Hours (Temptation Tuesday)
Fantasy Cruise (Temptation Tuesday)
The Lotus Lesson One
The Lotus Lesson Two

