Betrayed
The Bethany Rosehart Story

By Wade Faubert

Copyright 2012 by Wade Faubert
Smashwords Edition

Discover other titles by Wade Faubert at Smashwords.com

https://www.smashwords.com/profile/view/wadefaubert

This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.
Table of Contents

Chapter 1
Chapter 2
Chapter 3
Chapter 4
Chapter 5
Chapter 6
Chapter 7
Chapter 8
Chapter 9
Chapter 10
Chapter 11
Chapter 12
Chapter 13
Chapter 14
Chapter 15
Chapter 16
Chapter 17
Chapter 18
Chapter 19
Chapter 20
Chapter 21
Chapter 22
Chapter 23
Chapter 24
Chapter 25
Chapter 26
Chapter 27
Chapter 28
Chapter 29
Chapter 30
Chapter 31
Chapter 32
Chapter 33
Chapter 34
Chapter 35
Chapter 36
Chapter 37
Chapter 38
Chapter 39
Chapter 40
Chapter 41
Chapter 42
Chapter 43
Chapter 44
Chapter 45
Chapter 46
Chapter 47
Chapter 48
Chapter 49
Chapter 50
Chapter 51
Chapter 52
Chapter 53
Chapter 54
Chapter 55
Chapter 56
Chapter 57
Chapter 58
Chapter 59
Chapter 60
Chapter 61
Chapter 62
Chapter 63
Chapter 64
Chapter 65
Chapter 66
Chapter 67
Chapter 68
Chapter 69
Chapter 70
Chapter 71
Chapter 72
Chapter 73
Chapter 74
Chapter 75
Chapter 76
Chapter 77
Chapter 78
Chapter 79
Chapter 80
Chapter 81
Chapter 82
Chapter 83
Author Information
Taken – Before her very Eyes (Sample)
Wampus Springs – Mark of the Wolf (Sample)
Chapter 1

Robert Knight quickly pulled the car to the curb and fumbled through the photos he meticulously took of his next subject. The girl reminded him of his own daughter with her shoulder-length blond hair and petite figure. However, the one thing that stuck in Robert’s mind was her smile. In every picture she had a big grin on her face, one that caused both her cheeks to break into dimples. Robert traced his finger over the picture and wondered how one person could be so happy. Happiness was something that seemed to elude his life. He was content with the sorrow and misery that each day brought with it.
Robert had done similar jobs before, but this one had the potential to blow up in his face.
Momentarily he wondered what would’ve become of his own daughter if only she’d never set foot in that car. The memory brought with it tears of grief, which he quickly packed away. After all, he had a job to do, one he’d failed the previous day.
As the school bell rang, Robert glanced at his watch then packed the pictures away. He checked the contents of the bag beside and quickly ran through his list.
Chapter 2

The ringing of the bell echoed through the streets of London, sending the kids rushing from the high school, breathing a collective sigh of relief as the school year came to an abrupt end.
Bethany Rosehart dashed through the doors, flying down the front steps two at a time. Quickly she snagged Ryan’s lanky arm, interrupting his conversation and drawing his attention away from the others. She just knew he would be patiently waiting for her.
Ryan locked his piercing blue eyes on Bethany, giving her the crooked smile she’d come to adore. He grasped her hand, gripping it tightly and inching her toward a secluded corner by the building. Normally they would walk hand in hand until their ways parted, but today was different. Today was the last day of school. Bethany wanted more than to hold hands during the walk home, she wanted to bring Ryan home, introduce him to her mother and have him stay for the evening. But she knew that would never happen. There was no way her mother would ever allow a boy in their home. Her mother had made the point perfectly clear everyday for the last two years. 
Her mother has always been controlling, but lately she’s been getting worse with each passing day. Ever since the last letter arrived from her father, her mother is determined to keep her under wraps. 
It’s almost as if she thinks I might run away. Well, she’s not wrong to assume that, but where would I go? How would I live?
If only Ryan would take me away. We could live a secluded life where Mother wouldn’t find me.
Bethany cleared her throat and smiled coyly up into Ryan’s face, the one she’s dreamt about constantly for the last six months. “Mary got a promise ring. Susan got flowers. I was wondering…”
“Oh, I was supposed to get you something?” Ryan held his peach-fuzzed jaw tight and brushed his dark, wavy hair back from his face. “I didn’t know.”
Bethany could see right through his facade. She gave him her best smile and tilted her head so her blond hair just touched the top of her shoulder. She knew how to work him. She narrowed her hazel eyes and placed her hands firmly on her hips. He was putty in her hands.
Reaching into his pocket, Ryan pulled out a small heart shaped box. His upper lip quivered and Bethany knew this was a sure sign of nerves, but when she squealed with excitement at the glimmering sight within, his body relaxed to normal.
Looking at the necklace with the heart shaped pendant, Bethany was ecstatic, not for the object itself but for what it signified. “Ryan, you didn’t have to.”
“Now you tell me.” Ryan quickly clasped the necklace around her neck and waited for a kiss, but something in the distance caught Bethany’s eye. Quickly she grasped Ryan’s hand and rushed him down the sidewalk.
“What’s wrong?” Ryan finally asked, looking over his shoulder at the empty street behind. Empty, except for a few parked cars on the side streets.
“Nothing, I thought I saw something. I’m sorry, Ryan,” Bethany said, stopping suddenly. As if the moment hadn’t been disturbed, she wrapped her arms around his neck and drew him down into her. Her lips met his and the contact brought that same tingle down her spine and into the deepest parts of her body. The minutes ticked past until they emerged from their dream world and Bethany spotted the black car from before. It triggered the same feeling, one of being violated.
“Thank you,” Bethany said, rushing Ryan down the wide sidewalk.
“Maybe we could hang out tonight?” Ryan asked, timidly.
“You know I can’t. Mother wants me home right away. I argued, but it was no use. She’s paranoid that something’s going to happen to me. Ever since she got that last letter from my father, she won’t let me out of her sight.”
“Maybe I could talk to her. I’m sure she’ll understand that I’ll take good care of you.”
“It’d be like talking to a tree—A tree on heavy medication. She’s been acting so weird lately. Hopefully when Father gets out of… gets home, he’ll be able to talk some sense into her.”
“And you’re not going to tell me where this mystery father is?”
Bethany nodded. There was no way she could tell Ryan that her father is serving a ten year sentence in prison for wrongful death.
As they came to the last corner, Bethany’s heart fluttered at the thought of true love lasting for an eternity, but she knew like their final path home they were bound to split and go their separate ways. As Ryan’s fingers slipped reluctantly from hers, Bethany wished she still lived on the rich side of the city.
When Bethany rounded the corner of the parking garage, she realized her imagination wasn’t working overtime. The same black car she spotted across from the school, slowly passed and jerked to a stop ten feet ahead. Immediately she halted her footsteps and gasped for breath as the driver’s door opened. Adrenalin surged through her veins and her mind raced to catch up and devise a plan.
The man climbed slowly from the car, his broad shoulders blocking out the street behind. Turning, he removed his sunglasses and glared intently at Bethany’s face. 
Maybe Mother hadn’t been overprotective. Maybe she knew this man would be after me.
Bethany’s heart pounded with fear. He was huge. She was no match against this bruit.
With nothing but fear guiding her, Bethany broke into a mad dash around the parking garage and into the main entrance.
“Help!” Bethany screamed as her feet pounded the cement floor. Between her laboured breaths, she could make out her hunter’s footfalls echoing off the walls.
“Jasmine, wait!” Bethany heard the man shout from behind, but the words held no meaning as her mind raced with images of all the bad things he could do.
She wove through the sparse cars and the cement pillars, hoping to lose her attacker in the chaos, but his shouts continued to near and wear down on her stamina. Quickly she turned toward the stairway to the upper level and fought with the door, losing precious ground.
It wasn’t until she’d rounded the first flight of stairs that she felt the attacker snag the bottom of her shirt. With a quick turn, she managed to knock his grip loose and throw him off balance, sending him stumbling up the next step. Bethany continued to forge ahead with renewed confidence up the remaining stairs and out the upper level door.
The fresh air felt good in her lungs, but the sunlight temporarily blinded her. Looking left then right, Bethany paused briefly undecided where safety waited, but when the door thrust open, hitting her arm, she bolted across the open lot.
The man’s pleas for her to stop ended when his hand clasped tightly on her arm. She continued forward, ignoring the pain in her shoulder but his weight soon slowed her progress. Turning, she drove her knee hard into his crotch, but it had little effect on him. 
Crying and pleading, Bethany cowered to the ground, hoping to appeal to his human side.
“Jasmine, please. I’m not going to hurt you.”
Jasmine? He’s after someone else, not me. 
“I’m not Jasmine. I’m Bethany.” A wave of relief flooded her body at the realization.
Quickly the man reached into his pocket and withdrew a small folder then flipped it open. Reading the notes, he grunted in agreement.
Bethany inched closer to see what was written on his instructions, but her eyes didn’t move from the pictures. There on the opposite page was a collage of photos from her last two weeks. One was in front of the school, another outside her house. Immediately she knew why she had recognized the black car today. It’s because she’d spotted it around town everywhere she’d gone.
“You… took my picture?” Bethany questioned, feeling devastated at the violation.
“Standard procedure, um… Bethany, I guess.” His voice wavered and almost took on a caring tone.
“But, why? Why, me?”
Clearing his throat he responded, “Your mother asked me to.”
Not believing her mother would stoop to having her watched, she couldn’t ask anything but, “Why?”
“I can’t answer that right now. Here, take this.” He placed a shopping bag in Bethany’s hand then turned and started away.
“Wait! What’s this?”
Stopping momentarily, the man glanced back and smiled. “A gift from your mother.”
“But she’s at home.”
Pausing as he entered the stairwell, he called back, “I almost forgot. Happy birthday, Jasmine.”
Chapter 3

Bethany’s mind filled with questions as her body rode the adrenaline rush. The rest of the walk home was like a dream. Moments before she thought her life was about to end but now she wondered if it was just beginning.
What can it be? It can’t be from Mother, can it? Why wouldn’t she just give it to me when I get home instead of having some maniac scare the crap out of me? And who’s Jasmine?
Stopping in front of the old house, Bethany looked at the decaying building, one she called home despite it never feeling like that. Her mind drifted to the memory of their previous house, the one they lived in for the first thirteen years of her life. It had been huge, with so many rooms to play in. And the yard, it seemed to go on forever.
Bethany glanced up and down the street. It wasn’t in this neighbourhood.
Climbing the crooked stairs, Bethany stopped halfway and turned, breaking blistered paint from the porch step. She searched the street for the black car.
Nothing.
Taking a deep breath, she entered the house. “Mother, I’m home.”
Pots and pans clanged from the kitchen at the far end of the hall, then Meredith emerged with a dishtowel in hand. Her once silky, black hair was now haphazardly placed in a bun, which looked like a bird’s nest strewn with gray hay. Bethany noticed the red spots on her mother’s olive skin and wondered if those were the result of years of hardship and worry her life had taken.
She hoped she wouldn’t look like that when she reached her mother’s age, but she obviously didn’t take after her side of the family.
Her mother motioned to the bag. “Who’s that from?”
“Um… A boy at school.” I knew it wasn’t from Mother after all, but then who is it really from?
“Is it from that Ryan boy you’ve been bugging about?”
Bethany nodded, shifting the bag behind her.
“Next time, maybe he could find a nicer bag. My god, a shopping bag, really?” Meredith turned and walked back to her task.
“Yeah, presentation means everything to you, doesn’t it,” Bethany mumbled on her way upstairs. “At least it used to.”
She could remember the way her mother used to dress and act. It was like she was the Queen of England. She would prance around this place in her evening dress, with her hair all done up, and enough makeup on to cover a teenager’s acne. That was, until the dresses wore out and the makeup containers were scraped to the bottom, then she didn’t have money to spend on that kind of stuff.
Plopping down on the mattress, Bethany drew her legs up as the springs sang a familiar song. She reached into the simple bag and pulled the box of chocolates out. Her mind raced as her fingers traced the lid.
“I wonder what it could be.” She pictured plastic snakes popping out with a shower of confetti.
Laughing, Bethany raised the side of the lid and peered inside. Before she could see what it was, her nose picked up the scent. It wasn’t that of chocolate—but money.
Ripping the top off and tossing it on the bed, Bethany couldn’t believe her eyes. Her fingers felt the thickness of the paper as she sifted through the pile of bills.
Twenties. All twenties. A whole pile of them.
“But, why?” Suddenly she remembered his last words. Happy birthday.
But why would he think this is my birthday? I was born in October.
The sound of footsteps on the rickety old stairs sent Bethany into defence mode. Quickly she pulled the covers down and dumped the money underneath, but the note on top caught her eye. Reaching for the note, the door opened. Bethany quickly turned the covers up tight and faced her mother.
“Bethany, you’ll ruin your dinner eating all that chocolate.” Walking to the bedside, Meredith gasped. “My god, child! You ate the entire box, already?”
“Um… We had some on the way home.” Bethany nonchalantly moved over the bulge in her bed. “Me and Ryan.”
“Well, to buy a gift for a young lady then eat it. That’s not what a gentleman would do.” Meredith walked to the doorway and paused when Bethany spoke.
“Mother, where do you keep the photo albums? The one from when I was a child.”
“Exactly where it’s supposed to be.” Meredith’s eyes narrowed. “Beside the television. Why?”
“Oh, just thought I’d look through it.”
“Well, be sure to put it back in its place after you’re done,” Meredith said, waving her hand as she closed the door.
I swear she’s going mental. Hopefully when Father gets back, he can get her to change.
The crinkle of fresh money beneath brought renewed faith in life, but when she pulled the covers down the letter brought reality,

Jasmine
I know money can’t replace love but know I’ve always loved you.

“Maybe they have me confused with someone else?” But as Bethany felt the money between her fingers, she secretly hoped she was wrong.
With her mother busy in the kitchen, Bethany quietly slipped down the stairs and made her way into the living room. She stood and looked at the bindings of the photo albums, wondering if there would be any answers inside, and if so, would she really want to know them.
Flipping through the photo album, Bethany paused to remember the good times until she found the photos from her early childhood. Turning to the section from her baby years, she searched for anything suspicious, anything with a date or age written on it. There was nothing and she was about to give up when she paused, shocked at her Christmas pictures.
There she stood all by herself beside her dollhouse.
Pretty good for a three-month-old.
Chapter 4

That night at dinner Bethany watched her mother with a keen eye. She took notice of every detail in her face and body, then compared them to herself. The more she thought about it, the more this fairytale seemed plausible.
“Mother.” Bethany shifted nervously in her chair. “Why aren’t there any pictures of me when I was a newborn? Or you when you were pregnant?”
When she looked up, Bethany saw panic in her mother’s face but only for a split second. It was like she’d been caught doing something wrong. 
“Oh, we were between cameras at the time. I remember it like it was yesterday.” Meredith launched herself into story telling mode and over emphasized every word. “Your father had dropped the camera a few months after I became pregnant with you, and as you can tell by the photos, we obtained another a few months after your birth. Don’t worry. You looked like every other baby. Small, bald and chubby.”
“Hmm.” Bethany speared a cucumber slice and forced herself to eat even though she felt sick listening to her mother’s story. How could they have not replaced the camera when she was born? What kind of parents wouldn’t want pictures of their newborn child?
“Your father sent a letter today.” Meredith picked her drink from the table and slowly sipped the juice, trying to hold the news as long as possible. “He said he could be back home within the week.”
Bethany was growing tired of her mother’s behaviour and although this news made her happy, she refused to let her know. “Great, then maybe we can get things back to normal around here.”
“Things are normal!” Meredith slammed her fork down on her plate. “Even when your father gets home, things won’t change.”
What about when he realizes what a freak you’ve become? I’ll bet he runs for the door the second he sees her?
“I just thought we could probably afford a nicer house. You know, if he can get his job back,” Bethany said, bracing for a confrontation.
“Why would he go back to the hospital? They did nothing to help him?” Meredith fumbled in her pocket then shook a pill from the bottle. “When that patient died, they were happy to hang it on your father. I think they were glad to see him go. He had too much potential. They were all envious of him.”
After placing the pill on her tongue, Meredith chased it down and changed the subject. “I was thinking about applying for a job down at the new design store. I think I have a good eye for interior design. They’d be lucky to get someone like me.”
“I know I’m lucky to have you,” Bethany said, hiding the sarcasm behind her smile.
“When they put me in charge of the store, I’ll make sure I hire you first.”
“Thanks Mother, but I already have a job babysitting.”
“Oh, looking after foul children isn’t a real job. It’s just like a little taste of hell. When you were a child, you were terrible. You’d cry for no reason.” Meredith raised her voice an octave. “Mommy, pick me up. Mommy, I’m hungry. Mommy, play with me.”
Bethany’s jaw tightened and her lips purged together, fighting to hold back the words that burned to escape. She didn’t believe a word her mother was saying.
“I’ll tell you, you were so demanding,” Meredith’s voice settled back to normal, “at times I’d wished I’d never had you.”
Bethany’s eyes burned into her.
Her mother’s eyes were vacant. “I didn’t have time for you.”
Bethany knew this speech by heart. It was the same medicated dribble that her mother rambled about each night.
“At first there was the country club to attend to, then after your father went away there wasn’t much time between slaving like a common wife and running this house without my maid.”
“Maria… I remember her.” Bethany saw the glassy look in her mother’s eyes and knew it was only a matter of time before she’d brake down crying, so Bethany pressed for a change. “She used to take care of me. I remember her taking me to the park for playtime. We’d go for long walks along the pond and feed the ducks. She was like a real…” Bethany wanted to say mother, but when her mother was in this mood, she could be unstable at best, so she substituted a different word. “Nanny.”
A groggy half-smile crossed Meredith’s face as she attempted to skewer a cherry tomato with her fork. “Maria was a good worker. At least she never stole from us.” Her voice hardened. “Or slept with my husband. Or sent him to prison.”
Bethany sat motionless. This last comment was more than she could bear to listen. What went on inside her mother’s head was a mystery to her.
Meredith dug hastily into her pocket and quickly snuck another pill onto her tongue. Seconds of silence passed until she reluctantly stood and stumbled from the table toward the living room.
Bethany’s appetite had disappeared with mention of her father’s sex life. So long to another terrible meal. She crossed to the garbage and scraped the remainder of her dinner into the trash, then began clearing the dishes. She could hear the springs as her mother collapsed onto the compressed foam cushions of the couch.
Who’s she referring to? Obviously it isn’t Maria. She made that clear.
As Bethany quickly washed the dishes she had to wonder if Maria might have some insight into her questions. “I wonder if she still lives in the city.”
Tossing the dishtowel onto the counter, she headed into the living room. Her mother was sprawled out on the couch, looking like a homeless bum on a park bench. Bethany felt a pang of pity for her, but she also felt contempt for her mother getting them into this situation. She could’ve changed the way things worked out. It was simple, just get a job and don’t wait until all the money’s gone.
After snatching the photo album from beside the television, Bethany quietly climbed the stairs and hid in her bedroom. She didn’t think she’d have to be quiet, after all, her mother was probably drugged out for the night, but she wanted some privacy to do her checking.
Page after page she flipped, bringing back fond memories until she found a photo of Maria holding her at a birthday party. She turned the page and found the one thing she knew might hold Maria’s identity.
The plastic sleeve reluctantly let loose from the page as Bethany pulled the birthday card from the book. Holding her breath, she opened the card in hope of finding Maria’s last name.
“Masterson…”
“You’re really interested in that book,” Meredith said with a slight slur. She clutched the doorjamb for stability, fighting her dizziness. “Maybe a little too interested?”
Bethany couldn’t believe her eyes. How could she sneak up here without me knowing? I would’ve heard her, right? Maybe I’m too lost in my own world to notice what’s going on around me?
Meredith stumbled into the room, snatching the album from Bethany’s hands and sending the birthday card tumbling to the floor by the edge of the bed. Before thinking, Bethany snatched onto the album and refused to let go. “I’m not done with it yet!”
 Meredith’s hand slid free from the book, grazing Bethany’s cheek. The stinging slap brought immediate tears. “Don’t talk to me like that! I’m your mother and you’ll obey me.”
“No, you’re not! My real mother is out there waiting for me.” Bethany sat holding her face, waiting for the next attack. “And she’d never lay a hand on me!”
Meredith’s body shook uncontrollably and she broke out into laughter. “You think I’m not your real mother? You think you’re adopted and someone’s gonna come and rescue you from your terrible life? Get real, Bethany. You want proof? I’ll give you proof.” She stumbled out the door and down the hallway.
Stunned, Bethany sat back against the wall. She hoped her mother was bluffing. Maybe she might pass out in her bedroom.
Bethany listened to the racket down the hall. It sounded as if Meredith was trashing the place. Heavy objects crashed to the floor. Glass smashed and shattered, and a few curse words drifted down the hall.
As the footfalls grew nearer in the hallway, Bethany pulled the covers up around her knees and clenched onto her teddy bear. She flinched as her mother entered the room and threw a handful of photos at her.
Meredith’s eyes looked wild. “Proof! There’s your proof. Now wipe that stupid notion from your mind and get back to reality.” Meredith stormed to her room and slammed the door. Her sobs trickled down the hall and brought with them sickening guilt.
Bethany held picture after picture before her eyes and couldn’t stop shaking her head. “No… No, this can’t be right. It just can’t.” Each picture showed a very pregnant Meredith. Some with Dan, some with others, but the look on her face showed she was happy to have a child within.
Chapter 5

Bethany did her best to avoid her mother the next morning. She wasn’t sure how Meredith’s mood would be after the fight the previous evening. She planned her moves and manoeuvred carefully around the house, preventing a face to face confrontation. After tiring of the game, Bethany gave Ryan a call and met him down at the mall.
“I feel so bad for wishing she wasn’t my mother,” Bethany said, taking a seat at the small table in the food court. “I really wanted this to be true. I wanted my real mother to show up and take me away to a life with lots of money and a big fancy house. I… I just wanted to be normal.”
“Oh, you are normal.” Ryan sipped his pop and gazed about the mall at the lunchtime rush. His blue eyes darted from one thing to the next, taking in every detail. “Do you know how often I’ve wished for that same thing?”
Bethany shook her blond hair back and gave Ryan a questioning look. “You? Why would you wish for something like that? Your parents are great. I’d kill to have them.”
Ryan sighed. “It’s normal to always wish for something different. Even kids who have everything want something different. It’s what makes us human.”
“Well, my mother isn’t human.” Bethany laughed as she peeled the top off her muffin. “She’s a bitch. At least now I know the truth. Can you believe she’d hid the photos of her pregnancy and not put them in the album? She’s probably pissed off because I made her fat.”
Bethany took a sip of her drink and leaned over the table toward Ryan. “But who was that man, and why did he give me all that money?”
“Maybe he did get the wrong person? Maybe he was looking for this Jasmine girl and found you instead?” Ryan took hold of her hand before she could raise the piece of muffin to her mouth. “I know I’ve been looking for you all my life,” he said, forcing her hand to his mouth and taking the food, fingers and all.
Bethany let a small laugh escape. “You were just looking for anybody who’d pay you half a mind. I just made the mistake of asking you for directions to my home room. My first choice was Brent, but he was too busy combing his hair in his locker mirror to be bothered.”
“Well, I’m grateful for Brent’s conceit and your lapse of judgment. Otherwise, I wouldn’t be sitting here with my rich girlfriend.”
Bethany’s smile faded and she couldn’t help but search the crowd for the huge man. “Should I give the money back?”
“Are you kidding?” Ryan followed her gaze around the food court. Her nervousness seemed to be contagious.
“What if he was looking for someone else? What if he wants the money back?”
“Tough shit. If he’s stupid enough to give away hundreds of dollars—”
“Thousands.”
“Thousands? Exactly how much money was in there?” Ryan asked, his eyes as wide as his smile.
Bethany leaned in and whispered, “Five thousand dollars.”
“Holy shit! What are you gonna do with that much money?”
“That’s the thing. I can’t really buy anything without my mother getting suspicious and I don’t wanna just hand it over to her. Then there’s the thing about this guy coming back for the money.”
“Screw him. Give me half and I’ll protect you.”
“Seriously, what should I do?”
Ryan shrugged his shoulders. “I guess you could spend a little of the money and hold the rest in case he comes back for it. If he made a mistake, he won’t mind if a few hundred are missing.”
Bethany heard the words of reason she was hoping for. “Good call. I just so happen to have a little spending money for today. There are a few things I’ve wanted to pick up, but you have to promise you’ll cover for buying them.”
Ryan traced his fingers up Bethany’s arm. “It depends what I get in return,” he said, looking deep within her eyes.
“How about a few CD’s?”
“That’s not what I imagined.”
“Well, I know your imagination and that’s my best offer.” Bethany stood, carrying the tray toward the garbage. “For now at least.”

***

The sun was setting over the buildings, angling directly into their faces as they wandered down the back streets. Spending the day out shopping proved to be therapeutic. Bethany felt better than she had in the last little while. The new clothes in the bag were a welcome addition to the worn garments hanging in her closet. She bought wisely, choosing clothes that were similar to what she currently owns. The less conspicuous they were, the less chance of her mother finding out about the money.
Bethany eyed Ryan with his new CD’s in hand. “Now just because I bought you stuff today doesn’t mean I expect you to put out tonight,” Bethany said, pulling a shirt from the bag and slipping it over top of her current one.
“That’s okay. I don’t mind being your whore. Just keep the music coming and I’ll do anything you want.”
Bethany stopped and turned to Ryan. “What I really want is for you to cover my story. If she asks, I’ll tell her that you bought me this stuff, cause if she finds that money, it’ll be gone in five minutes. She’s worse than me when it comes to spending money.” Bethany stopped suddenly. “Here, hold my bag.” She pulled a few pairs of underwear from inside and stuffed them into her pockets.
“Why not leave them in the bag?” Ryan asked, eyeing the silky garments.
“She’d freak if she thought you’d bought me underwear. That would be the last time you’d ever see me. She’d hunt you down herself.”
Ryan raised his eyebrows. “But won’t she see them in the wash?”
“Maybe your mother does the laundry, but that’s not how it goes in my house.” Bethany paused as they neared her home. “This is as close as we can get.”
“I understand,” Ryan said. “I do have stuff I was gonna do this afternoon.”
“Yeah, like what?” Bethany gave him a sly smile and a questioning look.
Ryan scuffed his foot along the sidewalk. “Um… Maybe hang around with the guys for a bit, then I don’t know… Nothing really.”
“Yeah, same here.” Bethany leaned in and kissed Ryan softly. “Thanks for the great day.” She turned and started walking down the street to her home, wondering where the man in the black car was.
Chapter 6

“Mother? Mother, I’m home,” Bethany called. When there was no answer she whispered a quick thank you and disappeared up the stairs. The moment she stepped through her bedroom door, she spotted the old birthday card poking out from the bed skirt.
“Maria…” Bethany bent down and retrieved the card, then stashed the shopping bag and its contents deep inside her closet.
After a quick check of the house to make sure her mother wasn’t home, Bethany dashed outside and disappeared down the street. She folded the card and stuck it in her back pocket as she made her way downtown. After walking a few blocks, Bethany located a pay phone on the corner.
“M… Masterson, it’s gotta be in here.” Bethany flipped through the pages of the phone book, fighting the howling wind, which entered through every gap. Pages were removed at random and Bethany could only hope previous customers didn’t want anything from the M section.
“Massey… Masson… Ah, here it is, Masterson.” As Bethany scrolled down the page, her hope died as there were plenty of Masterson’s with the initial M to choose from. It wasn’t until she flipped the page that she exhaled, relieved to see only a few with the first name Maria.
Bethany used logic in selecting the first number to call. She chose the one closest to her old address. After plunking money into the payphone, she quickly dialled the number before her senses took over.
After an answering machine sang off the message, Bethany depressed the button and tried the next number. When an older woman answered on the third ring, a rush of excitement surged through her body.
“Is this Maria Masterson,” Bethany hurried to get the words out before they disappeared, “who took care of a little girl on Holland Drive?” She nervously tapped her foot against the glass wall of the phone booth as she waited for the answer.
“Why yes, it is. Who is this? Is this Mrs. Rosehart or is this little Bethany herself?” Maria chimed pleasantly, despite her raspy voice.
“It’s me, Bethany. I… I was just wondering if we could talk sometime.”
“Is everything all right? Are you getting along okay, Pumpkin?”
“Pumpkin…” Bethany felt a warm feeling wash over her body from this simple word.
“I’m sorry. You’re probably too old to be called Pumpkin anymore. My mistake.”
“No, it’s not that. It’s just. I forgot all about the nickname.” Bethany watched her reflection in the glass wall and realized she was smiling so brightly that her eyes were watering.
“I promise,” Maria’s voice slipped a few octaves, “I’ll never let it slip out again.”
“No, don’t do that. I like it when you call me that. It makes me feel like we were never separated.” Bethany’s eyes grew heavy with tears. The memories of their time together came flooding back.
“Thank you, Pumpkin.” Maria paused for a few seconds and Bethany wondered if she had hung up. “I hate talking on these phones. They’re so impersonal. If you’re in the neighbourhood, would you like to stop by for some tea, or a refreshment?”
“Yes, I’d love to. Is your address still the same as in the phone book?”
“Richmond Street. The little white house on the corner—”
“With flower gardens out front full of Gladiolas,” Bethany broke in with excitement.
“I see you have a great memory, but no, no Gladiolas this year, only roses.”
“I’m only about five blocks away, so I’ll be there in ten minutes.” Bethany slammed the phone into the cradle and pushed through the glass doors, racing down the sidewalk to her past. With every step she recalled more things Maria had done with her. And every step brought her closer to the way she felt before her life took the downward spiral.
Standing on the front porch, Maria’s head swivelled from side to side searching the sidewalks. Her large figure filled the top of the stairs as she nervously fondled a string of dark auburn hair, which now showed signs of gray. Bethany remembered her being a heavy woman, but time appears to have packed on a few more pounds. She couldn’t help but think Maria’s jolly new look went well with her pleasant personality.
“Bethany?” Maria called excitedly, bounding down the stairs two at a time.
Bethany slowed her walk as Maria raced down the sidewalk toward her. She kept smiling, all the time hoping Maria wouldn’t crush her in an excited hug.
“Pumpkin, is that you? You look so grown up and… and thin.” Maria clamped her arms tightly around Bethany’s waist, hoisting her off her feet into a breathtaking hug. “I missed you so much. When they got rid of me, it’s like they ripped my own child from my heart.”
“I missed you too, Maria,” Bethany said when finally released. “I know I was still young when you were, um… let go. But I remember all the fun things we did. You were like my mother.” Maria narrowed her eyes and Bethany quickly corrected herself. “No, you weren’t like my mother. You were like a real mother.”
Maria’s eyes flooded with tears. She’d kept them in check, but Bethany’s words proved too much. “I loved you like you were my very own child. I still do. I wished every day that you would contact me. I wanted us to be good friends. And look, it came true.”
Maria clasped hold of Bethany’s hand and started dragging her up the sidewalk. “Come child. Come inside and relax. Tell me everything that’s happened to you.”
Climbing the stairs, Maria asked, “You still remember this house?”
“Yeah, you used to sneak me here during our walks so we could have cookies and pop.”
“Your mother would’ve killed me if she’d ever found out about that.” Maria paused to catch her breath. “I still remember that stupid diet she had you on. No candy and soda. What kid never tasted candy and soda?”
“Me?” Bethany scooted up the stairs and held the screen door open. She waited for Maria to pass, then followed her into the living room and took a seat on the couch.
“You’re lucky I was there to save you,” Maria said, plopping down into the rocking chair. It moaned with the weight and Bethany thought for sure the sides would buckle and split. “That mother of yours was a little strange.”
Bethany smirked and gave a tiny laugh. She wondered what Maria really thought of her mother. She knew they had a falling out and her mother took everything out on Maria, but she didn’t know what had happened.
“Oh, I’m sorry.” Maria picked up Bethany’s family photo from the wall unit beside and gazed at the young girl in the picture. “I shouldn’t talk about her like that. She is your mother.”
“Is she?” Bethany asked, watching closely for a reaction. She hadn’t planned on bringing up the subject so soon, but it simply slipped out.
“Um…” Maria stood suddenly and walked into the adjoining kitchen. “Would you like a soda or some tea?” she said in a shaky voice.
Before answering, Bethany stood and followed her to the doorway so she could watch her face. “A pop would be fine.”
“Cola?”
“That’s fine.”
Maria handed Bethany the soda as she returned to the front room, then collapsed on the couch. Bethany followed, refusing to give up on the question. Silence filled the room and the only sound was that of the cans being snapped open. The pleasantness on Maria’s face was all but gone. Her new look brought a nervous smile to Bethany’s face.
“What makes you ask such a question, Pumpkin?” Maria said, avoiding eye contact.
“Maria, do I resemble my mother?”
“No,” she responded without hesitation.
“Do I act like my mother?”
“No.”
“Then who is my real mother?”
“I’m sorry, Pumpkin. I shouldn’t have done it.”
“Done what, Maria?”
“It was a long time ago and I figured it might be for the best if I did it.”
Bethany slammed her drink on the coffee table. “What did you do!”
“Promised…”
“Promised what?”
“Never to tell.” Maria stood and walked to the front door. “I’m sorry. You’re going to have to leave. I wish I could help you, but I can’t.”
“Just tell me her name, that’s all I ask.” Maria momentarily met Bethany’s glare. “Break your promise to them. God knows they don’t deserve it.”
“Believe me. I’m sorry I ever gave my word.”
“Maria…”
“Leave, Bethany.” Maria held the door open and waited until Bethany was outside.
“Please reconsider? Please tell me who my real mother is?” Bethany begged with everything she had. She reached into her back pocket and withdrew the birthday card, then tossed it to the porch floor. After storming down the stairs, she stood looking back for one last moment.
“Sorry, Bethany.”
“I’m not Bethany. I’m Jasmine.” The recognition of the name seemed to startle Maria. “Now, tell me who my mother is!”
“Trust in God. If your mother wants to find you, she will.” The screen door slammed shut, like Bethany’s hope.
Chapter 7

Robert sat behind the wheel of the black Lincoln, watching the bridge crossing. His mind kept drifting back to that horrible day fifteen years ago. The sight of this bridge always stirred his memories and caused a tug on his heart. If only Bethany knew. If only she knew the horrible history of this bridge.
Robert had no choice but to watch the bridge today. He’d lost track of Bethany’s whereabouts and this was the main entry point into her neighbourhood. Eventually she’d come along.
In the short time he’d been tracking Bethany, Robert felt like he almost understood her life story. Studying the photos, he wondered if he was doing the best thing for her, or if she’d end up resenting his actions. It was then Robert spotted his target crossing the bridge, heading his way. She wasn’t just walking in his direction. She was crossing the street and running straight for his passenger’s window.
“Who are you?” Bethany screamed. Her eyes were swollen and bloodshot, like she’d just spent the day bawling. And she didn’t seem in any kind of mood to be pacified.
“Bethany, I’m…” Robert paused, not accustomed to being questioned.
“No bullshit! Who are you and where’s my real mother?” Her voice took on a forceful, desperate quality he’d seldom heard before.
“I can’t—”
“Don’t tell me you can’t! Everything is probably written in that stupid folder you have.” Bethany eyed the folder then reached out and snatched it from the seat.
Robert couldn’t believe what was happening. He was accustomed to being in control of ruthless scoundrels, but here, this hundred-pound girl was besting him. Instinctively he grasped at the folder before she could run away with it. His thoughts ran wild picturing himself chasing this little girl down the street.
Bethany brought her other hand through the window and gripped the folder tighter, then dug her knees into the side of the door for leverage.
“Stop it, Bethany.” Roberts’s tone took on that of a father.
“Tell me who she is!”
“I can’t.” Robert locked eyes with Bethany and for the first time he understood the pain she hid away deep inside.
“Yes, you can!”
Robert gave one last jerk on the folder, breaking it free of Bethany’s grip and sending it scattering over the front seat. “Damn it! Look what you’ve done.”
“Me? I wasn’t the one pulling it in that direction.”
“Get in the car,” Robert barked.
Bethany ignored all the warnings, willing to risk everything to get the answers she so desperately needed. Without hesitating, she pulled the door open then slid beside her stalker.
Robert stuffed the pages and photos into the folder, then realized one photo in particular was missing. To his horror, he found it in Bethany’s hand. Her face was frozen with shock—or excitement?
“This isn’t me?” Bethany whispered. Her eyes were glossy with tears.
“And who said teenagers weren’t perceptive?”
“She’s so pretty. And she looks just like me, doesn’t she?”
Robert continued organizing the folder, giving Bethany time to think.
“She’s my mother?”
Robert nodded.
“What about my father?”
“He’s in prison, remember?”
“But if I’m adopted, then…”
Robert hated where this was going. The more information he gave this girl the more questions she’s going to have. “Nobody said anything about being adopted.”
“But then Father and…” Bethany glanced back to the photo. “What’s her name?”
“Come on, I’ve already compromised my job letting you see that photo.”
“You didn’t let me.” Bethany had a smile of satisfaction on her face. “I took it.”
“Tell that to your mother when she fires me.”
“Why would she fire you? You didn’t do anything wrong.”
Robert reached for the photo, but Bethany quickly stuffed it into her shirt. His hand paused before her, trembling as he contemplated retrieving it.
“I’ll scream.” Bethany drew a large breath.
“Fine, keep the photo. I have more.”
Bethany pulled it from her shirt and held it close. She looked past her mother’s face and studied the rest of the photo. “Does she know you took this picture?”
“Of course.” Robert gave a questioning glance at Bethany. “You think I’d take her picture for no reason?”
“You can obviously tell that she wasn’t aware you were photographing her.” Bethany smiled at Robert and raised an eyebrow. “Where is she? When can I meet her? What’s she like? How come she gave me away?”
“Stop!” Robert’s deep voice boomed through the car. “The only thing I can tell you is that she wants nothing more than to come and get you.”
Bethany’s face brightened. She drew her leg up and turned in the seat to face Robert.
“But, there are some legal matters that need addressing first.”
“I don’t understand?”
“If she comes to get you now, it’ll only make matters worse. Please be patient with us,” Robert asked, feeling his hold on this case slipping into the shitter.
“She does wanna come get me, doesn’t she?”
“Yes, now get out of here before I change my mind and take that picture back.”
Bethany smiled and clasped the photo tightly to her chest, pressing so hard the edges dug into her skin.
Scanning the street, Robert hoped nobody saw the confrontation that had occurred. But as always, people passed by oblivious to their surroundings as Bethany climbed from the car and closed the door.
Robert watched as she started down the sidewalk, clutching her newfound hope to her chest.
“Linda,” Robert called out the window.
Bethany turned around on the spot, obviously bewildered. “What? You called me Jasmine the other day. Why are you? Oh…”
Robert felt her happiness. He watched Bethany’s smile spread, and marvelled at how much she’d changed in the last five minutes. With a head nod he raised the tinted window and returned to work.
Chapter 8

Bethany raced to her room and closed the door. When she was sure her mother wasn’t home, she removed the photo and sat gazing at the resemblances between herself and her real mother. Shivers tickled her spine.
She’s actually coming for me.
The unanswered questions continued to pop into her head as she studied every detail of her mother. There was no doubt in her mind that they were related.
“Linda… Linda, who?” In all her excitement she forgot to ask what her last name was. Not that he would’ve given it freely.
Bethany jumped at the familiar sound of the car door slamming shut. Immediately she wondered where her mother had been and if there was any possibility she could’ve seen her climbing into the stranger’s car.
Hearing footsteps on the wooden porch, Bethany scrambled to hide the photo with her stash of money. Excited at finding her real mother, she bound down the stairs to greet Meredith.
“Guess what?” Her mother’s tone was hard to read.
Bethany shrugged her shoulders, hoping the answer wasn’t, “I saw you stabbing me in my back today, you little bitch!”
Meredith held her face firm before breaking into a rare smile. “I got the job at the design store. It’s not what I wanted, but it’s a start. Soon they’ll see that I’m the right person for the job.”
“Oh.” Bethany forced a smile. “Congratulations.”
The more Bethany looked, the more she saw how completely opposite she was from this woman. No wonder she always felt a little disconnected from her. There had always been something just not right with their relationship, and now she knew why. Bethany wanted to blurt out the truth, but even though Meredith wasn’t her birth mother, she was still her mother.
“Now, it’s not the job I applied for, but at least it’s a foot in the door. Soon they’ll see that I can be a design consultant.” Her mother hastily stuffed the bag she was carrying into the front closet. Bethany watched, intrigued at her behaviour and vowed to peek as soon as she got the chance.
Her mother’s mood changed suddenly like a storm crashing ashore. “Where were you all afternoon?”
“Out… Downtown.” Ryan, I can use him as an excuse, but what if he called while I was gone? “I went window-shopping downtown. I can dream, can’t I?”
Her mother crossed the room and gathered the mail from the hall table. “Sorry, I wish I could afford more for you. Actually, once my pay checks start rolling in, we’ll go shopping and pick up some things you’ve been wanting.”
Bethany suddenly felt the guilt digging inside. She thought about all that money upstairs. The money she kept hoarded away. Maybe I’m wrong? Maybe she’s not that bad, after all? Maybe I should share the money?
“But first I’ll need to replenish my makeup supply and clothing. You can’t expect to make Design Consultant if your image doesn’t match up to their expectations.”
Nope, I was wrong. She’ll never change. It’ll always be me, me, me. Never anybody else first.
Her mother tossed the pile of bills back onto the table, but held onto one letter. “That boy Ryan called while you were out. I couldn’t understand a thing he was saying. Honestly, I don’t know why you’re so interested in boys. You’re too young to get involved in all that.”
“I’m not too young, Mother,” Bethany mumbled. “Besides, we’re just friends. Maybe I’ll walk over and see him. I could use some fresh air.”
“Remember, be home by suppertime and call me on the hour so I know you’re okay.”
“But Mother, it’s a pain to call. Maybe if you’d let me have a cell phone—”
“You know we can’t afford that! Now, if I’m not home when you get back, just let yourself in. They want me to come in this afternoon so they can show me around.”
Bethany fought, holding back a smile. Freedom, finally!
When her mother went to the kitchen, Bethany raced upstairs and withdrew some cash from her secret hiding spot. She stuffed the bills into her pocket then rushed downstairs and out into the sunshine of the afternoon. Feeling better knowing the money was meant for her, Bethany wanted to spend some frivolously.

***

Meredith sat at the kitchen table nursing a glass of iced tea. She picked at the sandwich, nibbling it down slowly, little by little. She was hungry before she sat down, but the instant she opened the letter from her husband, she lost her appetite.
Her mind was lost in the letter’s meaning. She read it over quickly at first, then again slowly, this time trying to decipher the true meaning of his words. This was Dan’s second letter this week. At first she thought it was from the excitement of getting out, or the excitement of coming home and seeing his family, but not one word reflected those thoughts.
“Custody papers?” Meredith said, getting to her feet and tossing the unfinished sandwich into the trash.
Glancing back at the letter, she reread the last line. What does he mean custody papers? Bethany is mine.
Meredith crumpled the letter and tossed it into the trash. Feet pounding, she headed for the front closet and retrieved the freshly stowed bag. As she pulled the white smock from the bag, Meredith cringed at the thought of cleaning up after other people.
“How dare they treat me like this? I’m better than this.” She slipped the smock on and looked at her reflection in the hall mirror.
“Damn it, I should be a consultant!” She ripped the smock off and stuffed it back into the bag.
“They can find themselves another slave. I won’t do it.” She stormed out of the house and into the garage. Once behind the wheel, she continued her rant. “I’ll tell them what I should be, and if they don’t like it then they can clean the shit themselves.”
Backing down the driveway, her mind was swirling. Bethany had been acting strange the last few days. Could it have anything to do with Dan’s letter?
“What does he expect me to do?” Meredith mulled the options over then selected one. “Exactly! That’s what he’ll want.” Happy with her decision, Meredith drove down the street to her new job. She even considered lowering her standards and settling for the cleaning position.
Chapter 9

Although Bethany felt elated at the idea of her birth mother coming for her, she couldn’t shake the sadness that kept trying to seep back inside. Maybe it was for the unknown future, or for the father who would be heartbroken when he finally gets out of prison and finds his daughter gone.
Bethany was almost at the bridge, still mulling over the idea, when she looked over and saw the stranger sitting in his car, still watching her every move. Why would Linda hire someone to watch me like this? He seems nice enough, but…
Suddenly his car lurched forward, pulling into traffic. Halfway down the street, the black car pulled up beside her, on the wrong side of the road. The big man inside lowered the window, but somehow he didn’t seem quite so large now.

***

Meredith slowed the car and squinted. She watched as a black car suddenly pulled into traffic and stopped on the opposite side, beside a young girl on the sidewalk.
“Bethany?”
Quickly pulling the car to the side, Meredith edged close behind a large cargo van parked on the side of the road. She leaned against the window and watched. It was definitely Bethany on the sidewalk and the car matched her every step. But instead of running for help, she approached the car.

***

“Bethany, I talked to your mother and she wanted me to give you my contact number. Just in case something goes wrong and you need to get in contact with us.” Robert gave her a reassuring wink.
“What could go wrong?” Bethany shrugged her shoulders.
“Number of things, but we’re not gonna go through all the scenarios right now. Your mother and I would feel better knowing you can contact us if needed.” Robert pulled a business card from his pocket and held it out the window. “Here, my name and number are on it. Keep it hidden.”
Bethany knew who he wanted it hidden from. She took the card and read the name. “Robert?” She glanced from the card to the stranger. “You don’t look like a Robert.”
“And what do I look like?”
“Um… I don’t know, maybe Butch or one of those wrestlers’ names.”
Robert stifled his laughter. “I know I’m bigger than most men, but honestly, a wrestler?”
“Yeah, you got that nasty, don’t mess with me look going on. I mean in a nice kind of way, that is.”
Robert shook his head. “Stuff that card into your pocket before you drop it.” He let the car roll forward and began raising the window.
Bethany jogged a few steps to keep pace with the car. “What’s my mother’s last name?”
“Oh, no,” Robert laughed. “I’m not telling anymore. You’ll get a chance to ask her in person soon enough.”
“Really?” Bethany’s heart fluttered at the thought of making contact with her birth mother. “When?”
“Soon.” Robert closed the window and pulled across into traffic.
“Soon,” Bethany mumbled through her smile.

***

The seconds ticked past and Meredith found herself holding her breath as she watched Bethany take something from the stranger. It looked like a note.
Putting the car in reverse, she started to backup. She was prepared to pull up behind the black car and confront them both, but as she put her car into gear, the black car pulled away.
Meredith quickly merged with traffic and raced down the street to catch up with the stranger. She followed at a safe distance, hoping that she wouldn’t be spotted. He turned left up ahead and continued over the railroad tracks toward the business section of the city. Slowing, Meredith let a few cars get between them. The traffic was slower here and spotting the stranger’s car up ahead was easy.
Her head pounded and her heart raced at the thought of someone stalking her daughter. But when she watched the car pull in front of the beige brick building on the main street, she felt a slight bit better.
The large, well-dressed man climbed from his car and disappeared through a glass doorway. Above the door was a sign which brought both, relief and panic.
“Knight Investigations?” Meredith read the sign aloud. Suddenly the words in Dan’s letter made more sense.
“Shit, this can only mean one thing.” Meredith sped down the road and quickly turned the car around. When she drove past the glass door a second time, a lump formed in her throat. There standing in the doorway was Bethany—No, not Bethany. An older, almost identical version of Bethany.
“She’s mine.” Meredith’s mind swirled. “You can’t have her.”
What should I do? What would Dan want me to do? I can’t sit back and let this happen, can I?
Forgetting all about the new job, Meredith turned down the first side street, hoping to avoid Bethany on the way home. She drove quickly, thinking about what Dan’s reaction will be when he finally comes home.
“He’s going to kill me.” Meredith’s hands started to shake. “I just know it.”
Chapter 10

The sun was setting on the horizon, painting the sky a rosy hue. When Bethany opened the front door, the remnants of daylight spilled through, sending long shadows across the front room.
“Mother, I’m home,” Bethany said barely above a whisper. She entered the house and jumped at the sight of Meredith sitting in the corner chair. Her face was hidden in the shadows and Bethany couldn’t make out if she was mad or just deep in thought.
“Mother, are you all right?” Bethany said, crossing the room in three giant steps and crouching down before the chair.
Her mother blinked rapidly. “Oh… Yes. Yes, I’m fine.” She reached out and touched Bethany’s shoulder. Her face turned serious. “Your father is getting out in a few days and I thought…”
Bethany nodded. Yes, I know. How can I forget? It’s the only thing keeping me sane.
Fumbling in the dark, Meredith took Bethany’s hand in hers. Her eyes glistened in the fading light. “I was thinking it’d be nice to go meet him.”
“Of course. That’s what I thought we’d do. He forbade us from visiting, so that’s the least we could do.”
“No, I mean we could stay somewhere closer. That way when he gets out we won’t have such a long drive.”
What the hell is she up to? “So where do you want to stay? A motel?”
“I know some people who live close by. They’d love it if we stayed for a few days.”
Bethany stood. She glared suspiciously down at Meredith. “But what about your new job? Won’t they fire you?”
“It’s all taken care of. I’ve got the time off and everything.” Meredith stood, smiling widely. “There’s nothing keeping us here. We can take a few days off and relax. Just think of it as a vacation.”
Bethany thought of the business card. I’ll have to call Robert and let him know where we’re going.
“It’s settled then.” Her mother clasped her hands together. “Run up stairs and pack a bag.”
“But…” Bethany started to complain.
“We’ll only be gone for a couple days.”
“I’ll have to call Ryan and let him know.” Bethany waited for an outburst.
“Later. Pack first then call him before we leave.”
“Oh… Okay.” Bethany slowly walked to the stairs. She turned and looked back at Meredith’s smiling face. I haven’t seen her smile like this in a long time. She almost looks scary. But who are these people we’re gonna stay with?
Stopping halfway up the stairs, Bethany called down, “Who did you say we’re staying with, Mother?”
“I didn’t. It wouldn’t be a surprise if I did.” Her voice droned out as she entered the kitchen.
Father is getting out and the prison is quite far away. Maybe she’s telling the truth.
Bethany shrugged her shoulders and marched into her bedroom. She found her old suitcase sitting, waiting on her bed. “Looks like she’s not gonna take no for an answer?”
Bethany pulled the bag of new clothing from the back of her closet and stuffed it into her suitcase, then gathered an assortment of her favourites and filled the remaining space. 
It’ll be okay. Two days then Father will be back. Then we’ll come home and Linda can come get me. Who knows what will happen when they see each other? Maybe Father and Linda will wanna be together again? I sure as hell wouldn’t miss Meredith.
Bethany pulled the card from her pocket and sat down on the bed, plucking the phone from her night stand. She lifted the receiver and punched in Robert’s number, then waited for it to connect. As the seconds ticked by, she started to worry that he wouldn’t be home.
When the silence reached half a minute, Bethany fingered the plunger and received no dial tone. She tried to dial the operator, but nothing went through. It’s dead?
Slamming the phone on the stand, Bethany stood, forgetting the business card on the bed. She raced down the stairs two at a time and headed for the kitchen.
“The phone’s dead! What are you trying to pull?”
Her mother calmly walked over to the wall-mounted phone and lifted it to her ear. “I wondered when they would shut it off.”
“Who?”
“The phone company.” Her mother laughed. “They don’t like it when you don’t pay your bill.”
“Why didn’t you pay it?”
She slammed the phone down. “I thought you wanted to eat. Maybe calling your friends is more important to you?” Her mother pointed to the pile of unpaid bills on the counter. “If you haven’t noticed, things are a little tight right now.”
Bethany looked at the stack and wondered how long she’d been dodging the creditors.
“If you’re done packing, go get your suitcase and we’ll get out of here before they come pounding on the door for their money.” Her mother tried to force a smile but it only came out creepy.
“But Ryan?”
“You can call him when we get there.”
“Where?”
Ignoring the question, she grabbed the bag of food from the counter then headed for the front door. “We’re leaving in five minutes. I suggest you gather your things.”
Bethany stormed upstairs, yanked her suitcase off the bed, letting it hit the floor with a thud. She reached over and grabbed her teddy bear, then dragged it across the covers, knocking the business card to the floor. She gently squeezed the stuffing in its belly, felt the picture of Linda and the crinkle of the money.
Chapter 11

Bethany woke suddenly to the sound of her mother’s voice. She could hear her talking to someone, but couldn’t place the other person’s voice. It sounded familiar, but strange. Bethany tried to wake fully and sit up, but the droning of the tires made it difficult to shake the feeling. Her mouth felt like it was full of cotton and her head spun like a top. She wondered if she was coming down with something. Giving in, Bethany tried to fall back to sleep hoping the feeling would pass with time.
The car pitched left then right and soon started down a rough gravel roadway. It bounced wildly on the washboard surface, snapping Bethany from her slumber.
“Mmm… Mother?” Bethany slowly forced the word from her mouth. Her head spun even more with the strain of speech. She could make out the seats in front, and after concentrating hard and cutting through the fog, she finally realized where she was.
Running the word through her mind repeatedly, she finally spoke it loudly. “Mother?”
Her mother suddenly stopped mumbling to herself and turned her head to peek at Bethany in the back seat. “Oh, you’re finally awake. I’m glad you decided to take a nap.” She turned her attention back to the road. “It’s a long drive, isn’t it?”
A nap?
“Don’t worry. You’ll love it there.”
Where? Bethany started to ask, but the word never formed, so she closed her eyes and watched the darkness swirl behind her closed lids.
“They don’t know we’re coming, but I’m sure it won’t be a problem. To tell you the truth, I haven’t talked to them since your father went on his trip.”
Ah, his trip. She can never admit where he’s at. She always calls it ‘his trip’, like he’s staying in a posh hotel somewhere in Toronto.
“But I know they have extra room there. And they’ll love seeing you.”
“Who?” Bethany forced her brain to sort through the details and come up with some answers. When she drew a blank, she strained to sit up, hoping to break this control over her body and mind.
The trees whipped past the window and Bethany adjusted her eyes, focussing on the distant objects. She could make out the barns in the distance as the moon lit the countryside, giving it a surreal feel.
Trees. Barns. “Apple trees?” A stop sign flew past the window as the car bounced through the intersection without slowing. “Who has apple trees?”
“Pardon. I can’t hear you.” Her mother looked in the mirror and Bethany noticed the far off look in her eyes.
“Here.” Her mother handed a bottle of water back. “Drink this up and you’ll feel better. Water always makes me feel better.”
Bethany’s eyes stained ahead, but there was only an endless country road, lined with apple trees for as far as the lights would illuminate. Tipping the bottle to her lips, she felt the soothing cold water trickle down and she could almost visualize it soaking into her parched throat.
“Last time I was here, it was spring time. The trees were all in bloom and the sweet smell of the blossoms filled the air.” Her mother paused, probably lost in her memory. Bethany wondered how often she retreated to that happy place to block out the reality. “Your father was so young and handsome. He held my hand and wove me through the orchard as the morning dew glistened on the pink petals of the trees. Macintosh, or Delicious. Yes, Delicious, I remember now he said I looked delicious, too.”
Bethany suddenly felt sick. She wondered where this story was going and didn’t want to chance finding out. “Where… are we… going?” she strained to form the sentence.
“You’ll have to wait a few more minutes. We’re almost there.”
Sitting up straighter and leaning forward in the seat, Bethany watched the dark horizon for their destination. She felt better with the water in her stomach. Suddenly she wondered if the dizziness might have come from something she ate.
“There it is, I’m sure of it.” Her mother turned sharply into the driveway, hardly slowing at all. The headlights bounced wildly across the huge lawn before settling on the two-story farmhouse.
Immediately the lights inside the house snapped on. Her mother cut the engine and stepped out into the darkness of the night. “Come on, Bethany. You can’t stay in there all night.”
Bethany watched as the lights from the upstairs spread to the lower level, then to the porch.
Someone threw open the front door. It crashed into the wall with a loud bang. “Get off my property!” The raspy voice came from the silhouette on the covered porch. Two seconds ticked past until the night shattered with the flash of gunshot to the moon.
“Grant! Have you gone mad in your old age?” Her mother yelled, stomping toward the gunman.
“Meredith?”
Bethany saw them square off in front of the porch, but couldn’t quite make out their low, hushed voices. Her mother stood with hands on hips and her head bobbing back and forth as she talked. Her unfriendly host apparently never read the gun safety guide as he waved the thing through the air like it was a baton.
The debate continued back and forth with both sides stealing glances back toward the car. The few words Bethany could catch didn’t make sense at all. It wasn’t until another form joined the silhouettes that the argument ended.
Bethany watched as the latest silhouette hurried toward the car. The thin cotton nightgown became transparent against the porch light, showing the thin frail body underneath.
“Bethany? Is that you?” The voice sang like a morning bird and Bethany wondered if she might still be sleeping.
“Do I…”
“It’s me, Grandma.”
Chapter 12

“I know you said you never wanted to see us again,” Meredith said forcefully, attempting to keep her voice low so it wouldn’t carry through the silent night. “But guess what, here we are!”
Bethany’s grandfather’s face seemed to pucker even more with every syllable Meredith spoke. His droopy chin vibrated, and the veins below his thinning gray hair bulged like worms beneath a sheet. “Helen’s very sick right now and the last thing we need is for you to be dragging your trouble around, spreading it like manure.”
“My trouble? Since when is this my trouble? Last time I thought about it, it was our trouble, family business.”
“How can I look at her? She’s the reason Dan’s in prison.” Grant snapped open the shotgun and dumped the spent shells on the porch. “If it wasn’t for her, everything would be fine.”
“Manure? Look who’s spreading it now.” Meredith moved within an inch of his face, fighting to overcome the stench from his mouth. “It’s not Bethany’s fault what happened. If someone should feel responsible for Dan going to prison, it should be you.”
“Me? Now I know you’re mad,” Grant drawled. “Get your ass back in your car and get the hell off my property!”
“Fine.” Meredith took a few steps before turning back to face Grant. “But first I need to share something with Helen. Something someone shared with me fifteen years ago.” Meredith stood waiting for Grant to crumble like an old shit house.
“Don’t forget,” Grant poked his finger in her chest, “you came begging for my help.”
“With help like that who needs enemies.”
Lowering the shotgun to Meredith’s chest he pulled the trigger. The sound of the hammer falling brought a smile to his face as Meredith instinctively jumped away.
“Fine, you can use the guest rooms, but you’ll be working off your debt while you stay.” Grant turned, mumbling to himself, and stomped toward the door. “I wish I’d grabbed another shell for this dammed thing.”
Meredith was shaking from the confrontation. How she despised that man.
You hold nothing over me anymore, but I still know the truth.
Turning, she made her way back to where Helen and Bethany were getting acquainted. With each step she prepared for the assault of questions Bethany would ask.
“Meredith,” Helen said, tickling Bethany’s side, “this girl’s all skin and bones. What have you been feeding her?”
Meredith’s face twisted into a snarl. “She doesn’t like much of anything I serve.”
“Oh, pish posh. You need to fatten her up. What if she got sick? She wouldn’t last but a single day.”
“But, Grandma?” Bethany struggled with the foreign word. “I like being thin.”
“When I was your age, I had some meat on my bones and the boys loved it.” Helen pointed to the trunk. “Grab your bags and meet me inside. I’ll fix you a plate of leftovers, because tonight we start your new diet.”
Bethany followed Meredith, glaring the entire way, to the trunk. When Helen stepped on the porch, Bethany whispered, “You said they were dead.”
Meredith shrugged and yanked the suitcases from the trunk. “They were dead to me,” she muttered.
Slowly Meredith trailed behind as Bethany raced with her suitcase to catch up to her new family member. “Maybe this is a mistake. Maybe we’d be better off on our own.”
Chapter 13

Bethany watched her grandmother carefully as she dished up an array of leftovers from containers, placing them carefully onto a plate. She couldn’t help but like this woman. After all, she really seemed to care about her.
“Do you like turnip? Of course you do. Everyone does.” Her grandmother set the plate on the table in front of Bethany. “What’s your boyfriend’s name?”
“How do you know I have a boyfriend?” Bethany played along.
“Any girl half as pretty as you would have a boyfriend. Besides, who gave you that lovely necklace?” She reached out her liver-spotted hand, lifting the locket from Bethany’s chest.
Looking down at the object around her neck, Bethany shook her head. “I guess the heart shape gives it away, doesn’t it?” 
Her grandmother nodded and sat down across from Bethany. “It sure does.”
“His name’s Ryan. At least he used to be my boyfriend. If we stay away too long he’ll find someone else.” Bethany suddenly realized she didn’t know where they were staying.
“I have to call and let him know where I’m at.” She hesitated a moment. “Where exactly are we at?”
“Your mother never told you?”
“I… must’ve forgotten.”
“Napanee.” She folded a napkin and tucked it beside the platter. “We’re not far from Lake Ontario.”
Bethany shrugged, still not sure where she was.
“It’s close to Kingston. You know, where your father’s at.”
“He’s getting out soon.”
Her grandmother nodded. “I know.”
After cleaning half her plate, Bethany asked, “Can I use the phone?”
“Not tonight, dear.” She glanced at the clock. “It’s too late to call anybody.”
Bethany sighed, realizing that Ryan’s parents wouldn’t be happy getting woken up this late. “I guess you’re right, Grandma. It can wait until morning.”
“I’m sure he’ll wait for you, dear. I’ve been waiting a long time to see you myself.” She shook her head. “Way too long.”
Bethany listened to her words as she tried to eat more, but the realization of what they meant made it hard to swallow. “Grandma, why didn’t you and Grandpa ever come to visit?”
Her pale face hung loose, seeming to age years before Bethany’s eyes.
“I’m sorry, dear, this just isn’t nice to say, but we found it difficult to deal with your mother. After she lost…” Her grandmother stopped quickly and her eyes looked distant. “…your father went away, Grant forbid us from visiting.”
“Lost what?” Bethany asked, now fully intrigued.
“Nothing. I often lose my train of though.”
“Oh.”
She leaned across the table, close to Bethany. “Maybe we could go visit your father if you want to.”
“Really, when?”
“Shh…” Her grandmother looked out the kitchen doorway. “Grant can never find out if we do.”
“Why? Won’t he wanna come, too?”
“He’d never go there.”
“Never? But you’ve visited him before, right?”
She hung her head. “No,” she whispered.
Bethany’s jaw dropped open. “You mean, you and Grandpa never went to visit him in prison?”
With a heavy sigh, her grandmother shook her head. “No, no one has.”
The fork dropped from Bethany’s hand, landing noisily on the plate before her. Suddenly she wasn’t hungry anymore.
“What’s wrong, dear?”
“Mother said he didn’t want us to visit him in prison because it was too far to travel, and he was embarrassed for us to see him like that. But my god, he’s been there all these years without a single visitor.”
The realization hit her grandmother and her eyes filled with sorrow. “That was his wish. We have to respect the wishes of others, don’t we?”
“But you said we could go? Why now?”
“He’ll be home in a few days. I don’t see the harm.” She lowered her voice to a whisper. “Besides, now I have someone to go with.”
The sound of heavy footsteps approached in the hallway. “Better get to bed soon.” Grant’s voice rattled from his chest, filling the entire room. Morning comes fast and there’s work to be done.”
Her grandmother placed her hand slowly on Bethany’s. “If you’re done, dear, I’ll show you where you’ll be staying.”
Bethany remained silent and nodded in agreement. She carried her plate to the counter then followed her grandmother to the stairs, where she’d left her suitcase. Her breath caught in her throat at the sight on top of her suitcase. Quickly she picked the teddy bear up and held it tight against her chest, then carried her suitcase up the stairs.
“This is your mother’s room,” she said, passing the closed door. “And this next one will be yours. Now, your grandfather and I have the room down at the far end, so you don’t need to worry about disturbing us.”
“Thank you, Grandma.” Bethany set her suitcase down and gave her grandmother a hug. To her amazement, she could feel every bone in her body. “Grandma?” Bethany said reluctantly.
“Yes, dear, what is it?”
“Are you all right? I mean, you’re so thin.” Bethany couldn’t hide her look of concern.
“I’m fine. When you reach my age, fine is the best you can hope for. Now go on in to bed. We have a busy day tomorrow.”
Bethany looked in at the small bedroom. A single bed sat against the far wall, with a handmade quilt hanging down, almost touching the old wooden floor. A lonely night stand stood beside the bed with a yellowed lampshade covering the light. Excitedly she dragged her suitcase inside and sat on the springy bed. “What’s there to do?”
“On a farm, there’s always a lot to do.” Her grandmother kissed her head then walked out the door, pulling it closed within an inch. “Maybe tomorrow you can give your cousin a hand around the farm,” she said, closing the door.
Cousin? I have a cousin. That means I have an uncle and aunt, too.
Chapter 14

Morning came faster than any Bethany had ever known. The moment the horizon began to brighten, the rooster started his ridiculous call to everyone within miles. Sunlight filled the room through the open window curtain, her own mistake from the excitement of a busy day. Slowly Bethany got to her feet. The coolness of the bare wood brought goose bumps to her body as she made her way to the window.
Outside, the small cropped trees appeared to stretch for miles in every direction. It was more than she could have ever imagined. Bethany wondered if all this land belonged to her grandparents. If so, how much work was going to be involved in her chores today?
“Bethany, hurry downstairs for breakfast. Your cousin will be along shortly. I’m sure he’d love your help today,” her grandmother said, passing down the hallway. Bethany couldn’t believe her grandmother was awake, let alone up at this hour.
Quickly she brushed out her hair and dressed, forgoing her daily ritual of showering. As she headed down the stairs, the aroma of breakfast made her stomach growl.
“You actually cook all this stuff, every day?” Bethany asked, staring in amazement at the platters of food spread on the kitchen table.
“Of course. Breakfast is the most important meal around here. Sometimes we don’t have time to stop for lunch—and supper could be late for any number of reasons—so we stuff ourselves full in the morning.” Her grandmother emptied a pan of bacon onto the platter. “What do you normally have for breakfast?”
“A muffin. Maybe some cookies?” Bethany realized this was a totally different way of life than she was used to.
“Well, sit down and dig in. Bryce should be here any minute.”
“Bryce? Is he my cousin?” Bethany said, taking a sample of everything her grandmother had cooked.
“Didn’t your parents tell you anything about your family? I can believe Meredith wouldn’t, but Dan, he should’ve known better. Just wait until he gets home, I’ll give him an ear full.”
Bethany took a mouthful of scrambled eggs and savoured the flavour. “If I stay here long I’ll be as fat as a cow.”
“We don’t have any cows here.” Her grandmother laughed. “Try a barn.”
“What do you have, apples?” Bethany filled her mouth again, realizing that she was famished.
“Yes, tons and tons of apples. None right now, but in a few months it’ll be apples for breakfast, lunch, and dinner. Everyone gets sick and tired of apples by the time harvest is done.”
Her grandmother moved to the window and started waving excitedly. “Oh look. Here comes Bryce.”
Bethany quickly finished her food and rushed to her grandmother’s side. Bryce wasn’t exactly what she’d pictured for a farm boy, but he did resemble her father’s side. From what she could see he was tall and lanky, with wild unkempt brown hair blowing in the breeze. He wasn’t ugly and with a little upkeep he might even pass for attractive.
“Grandma, how old is Bryce?”
“Sixteen, the same as you, dear.”
Bethany narrowed her eyes. “I’m only fifteen, Grandma.”
Her face turned a shade of red and it wasn’t from the heat of the kitchen. “That’s right. You didn’t come along until after your mother…” She fumbled with her apron as she appeared to search for an explanation. “…had you.”
Had me? Bethany was just about to question her grandmother when the side door opened and in walked Bryce. Quickly her grandmother rushed to his side, kissing his cheek and ushering him into the house.
“Hi, Grams. Are you ready to do some work?” Bryce paused when he saw Bethany standing at the end of the counter. “It’s true. I heard my parents talking about you this morning, but I never thought you were actually here.” Bryce sidestepped Helen and embraced Bethany with a strong hug. Her budding breasts squished tightly against Bryce’s stomach and when he finally let go, her face was bright red.
“Oh, isn’t this nice having both my grandchildren together. I just knew this day would come eventually.” Tears were streaming down her cheeks at the sight. “This is the way it should be.”
Helen quickly pulled out another plate and started dishing portions out. “Sit, Bryce.”
“No, Grams. I already ate at home.”
Bethany could see her grandmother’s body deflate. She obviously liked the role of caregiver and never wanted to give it up, even to her daughter-in-law.
“Really? Your mother actually cooked you breakfast? Is she feeling all right?” She looked like she just couldn’t comprehend the information.
Bryce smirked. “She and Dad were up early, talking about.” He paused and tipped his head slightly toward Bethany. “And she made breakfast.”
Helen’s eyes trailed to Bethany. “Oh, I see.”
“It was terrible.”
“What?”
“The food was terrible. It’s not even close to what you make, Grams.”
“Oh, you know how to make an old woman feel wanted.”
“What would we do without you, Grams? Come on Bethany, I’ll show you how this place runs. We got some trimming and wrapping to do today.” Bryce opened the door and waited until Bethany stepped through.
“Wrapping?” Bethany asked, feeling the cool morning air touch her skin.
“Don’t worry. I’ll explain it all.” The door shut tight and Bryce led her toward the barn. “Those old coots have no idea.”
Bethany couldn’t believe the change in his tone of voice. It was like day and night. A hard bitter tone replaced his friendly manner. “You shouldn’t talk about them that way.”
“What?” Bryce stopped and wheeled around on her. “They’re old and they’re coots. Get real, Bethany. You’ve been here for what, a few hours, and you think you know them better than me?”
“I… didn’t…” Bethany stammered, not knowing who this person had become.
“Let me tell you. It’s no party around here. When they die, nobody will notice because everything will carry on without them. All this will be mine soon,” Bryce said, pointing his finger in Bethany’s face. “So don’t even think about moving in on my inheritance.”
Bethany’s thoughts went to Robert and her real mother. “Don’t worry. I don’t want any part of this place. Besides, won’t your father inherit the farm before you?”
A wicked smile crossed his face. “If he lives that long.”
“Oh, I’m sorry, is he sick?” Bethany felt bad that her uncle might be dying.
“Not yet,” Bryce laughed, “but give him time.”
Chapter 15

It was mid morning before Robert began his surveillance of Bethany’s house. He had allowed himself the unaccustomed pleasure of sleeping in, and now he started to panic over his decision to relax.
The hours drifted by and there was still no sign of anybody being home. This went against every pattern of the investigation. Normally he would’ve seen plenty of movement in front of the windows and occasionally the brief appearance of either occupant outside the dwelling.
Robert’s stomach tightened and his palms began to sweat. He feared the worst had happened during the night and as the minutes passed by, he contemplated what to do. Another hour, then if there’s no sign I’ll… What can I do? I can’t just walk to the front door and knock. ‘Oh by the way, I haven’t seen you through your window lately, is everything all right?’
Counting the minutes down, Robert considered blowing his cover and storming the house. How he wished he had the custody papers signed so he could do just that, but Judge Peabody wanted more time to set things up.
Robert thought of how long he’d known the judge and all the red tape he’d helped cut through. He was more than an old friend. He was like a father. Robert just wished that he would speed things up this time. Laughing, he realized that he wished this same thing every time things went wrong.
Shaking his head, Robert realized that Peabody’s delay had cost him the element of surprise.
He quickly phoned the house, hoping that Bethany would pick up the receiver. When nobody answered, Robert dug his tools from the glove box and headed past the garage. It was empty! He should have guessed.
Robert quickly made his way around the back of the house. Once there, he surveyed the neighbour’s yards looking for any sign of life, then quickly inserted the picks into the lock on the rear door. A few seconds later the door was unlocked and opened.
Stepping into the rear entry, Robert listened for movement inside. No sounds except for the hum of the refrigerator. Quietly he made his way through the living room and straight up the stairs. He paused momentarily when the floorboards at the top of the stairs groaned, protesting his weight.
Robert glanced down at the bulge in his shirt. Maybe I should lose a few pounds?
Moving around like he lived there, he headed straight into Bethany’s bedroom and immediately began searching for anything to support his theory. When he pulled open her dresser drawers and found no sign of undergarments, he immediately knew they had fled the house.
“Damn!” Robert struck out at the closest thing, a bendable figure on the dresser top, and sent it flying across the room. “How could I let them get away?”
Suddenly he wondered if maybe Bethany didn’t want Linda to come and take her away. “No, I can read her pretty well. She hates it here.” Or does she?
As Robert flopped down on the bed, he noticed the small rectangular object on the floor at the edge of the night stand. Bending to retrieve it, he realized that this was the same piece of paper he’d handled just yesterday. This didn’t clear any of the questions from his mind, because why would she leave his contact number behind, unless she didn’t want help.
Robert tossed the business card down onto the bed sheets and walked down the stairs feeling beaten and deflated. His feet dragged across the floor as he let himself out the back door and solemnly walked to his car.
I hope Judge Peabody takes his time. I’ll need plenty of it to track them down. Who knows where they’ve gone?
As Robert climbed behind the wheel, he jumped when his cell phone rang. After fumbling to retrieve it from his pocket, he reluctantly looked at the text message and sighed. “What else could go wrong?”
After the short drive across the city, he pulled before his office, spotting Linda waiting at the door.
“Robert, I’m so excited! Judge Peabody called me down to his chambers and gave me these.” She waved the papers wildly before his face. “Everything’s perfect. It’s all falling into place. Now that we have the papers, we can go get—”
“Linda…” Robert drew a long deep breath. He didn’t know how to tell her the bad news without having her fly off the handle. She was so excited right now, but her mood would soon turn to anger—anger at him losing Bethany. “…there’s something I have to tell you.”
“What is it? You gave Jasmine the contact number, right?”
“Yes, but could you please call her Bethany instead of Jasmine.”
“But her name is Jasmine. I named her that myself. Why are you on their side?”
“Enough!” Robert barked. “I’m not taking sides. She’s grown up for fifteen years by that name, and if you force a name change on her before you even meet her you’ll create a rift that nobody can repair.” Robert opened the office door and stepped inside. “Please, call her Bethany, okay?”
Linda silently followed Robert through the waiting room and into his office. “I suppose you’re right.”
Robert cleared his throat. “Linda… I have some bad news.”
“What is it?” she croaked.
“It’s actually not that bad when you consider it. But it seems Meredith and Bethany have taken off—”
“What do you mean, taken off! You were supposed to be watching them. You were supposed to make sure they didn’t take off. God damn it!” She slammed the papers on Robert’s desk and tried to calm herself. “What now?”
“I suspect Meredith might have caught onto our plans.”
“Or Jasmine didn’t want to live with me, the person who abandoned her for all those years, so she told Meredith to take her away so I can never find her again.”
“Linda, please. I talked with Bethany and she seemed excited that you were coming for her. Please don’t try to read too much into this. Give me a few days and I’m sure I can find her.” Robert spun her around and looked into her eyes. “I’ll find her. I promise.”
“Really?” Linda almost broke a smile. “Robert, do whatever it takes to get her back.”
Robert nodded. He knew full well he’d do everything in his power.
Chapter 16

Bethany stepped inside the kitchen and poured herself a glass of iced tea. She’d never felt so thirsty in her life as she did today. When the glass was empty, she walked over to the phone and lifted the receiver, but there was no dial tone. Ignoring that fact, she punched in Ryan’s phone number and waited to see if anything would happen. When the silence continued she knew she was stranded with no hope of getting help.
“Morning, Bethany,” her mother said, rushing down the stairs into the kitchen. She appeared to be years younger. Her hair looked neater, her complexion a little rosier, and her eyes a little brighter. “Isn’t it beautiful here on the farm?”
Suddenly she knew why her mother was happy. There was nothing for her to do, no cooking and cleaning, and especially no working. Bethany scowled and advanced on her.
“Why did you tell me that my grandparents were dead?” Bethany yelled, setting her hands firmly on her hips.
“They are.” She smirked and walked past Bethany on her way to the refrigerator. “Both my parents were dead before I married your father.”
Bethany saw the smirk and it set her temper on fire. “You know what I mean. You said they were all dead. These people don’t look dead to me.”
“They’re close enough, aren’t they?”
“How do you stand yourself?” Bethany followed close behind as her mother started rummaging through the refrigerator.
“Don’t give me that. These people hate me and they hate your father for marring me. Why should I give a shit about their feelings? The real reason we never mentioned them is because they refused to acknowledge our marriage.”
“Why would they do that?”
She pulled a pie from the fridge and carried it to the counter. “They liked Sally better than me.”
“Sally? Who’s that?” Bethany could only guess that it was Bryce’s mother.
“Your aunt.” She lifted a slice from the dish and placed it on a small plate, then returned the remainder to the fridge. “She was the first one to give them a grandchild. The first one to get married. And the first one to suck up to them.”
Bethany brushed back her hair. “There’s got to be more to it than that.”
“There isn’t. Sometimes people just don’t get along and we don’t.”
“So how long are we staying here?”
“I don’t know. Maybe a few days. Maybe a few weeks. We’ll have to see what your father wants to do.”
Bethany walked across the room to the phone and yanked it from the wall. “The phones don’t work. I have to call Ryan and tell him where I’m at.”
“He’ll be fine. He probably won’t even notice you’re gone.”
“He will so! At least he cares about me,” Bethany mumbled, watching as her mother headed for the stairs. She refused to let her get off that easy. “Why didn’t we visit Father in prison?”
Her mother paused, reaching for the handrail and looked around to make sure they were alone. “It was too far to travel.”
“Bullshit! We did it last night.” Bethany walked toward her, but kept an arms length away in case she lashed out again.
“That was different.”
“How?” Bethany saw her mother take a deep breath and shrink when she exhaled. “Tell me how that’s different?”
Her mother gripped the handrail and steadied herself. “Your father doesn’t want anybody to see him in that condition. He made me promise never to let you see him in prison.”
“He did, but why?”
“He’s ashamed. He doesn’t want anybody seeing him like that.”
Bethany thought about her grandmother’s plan to visit tomorrow. “It wouldn’t hurt to visit him now, would it?”
“No!” she yelled. “There’s no way we’re going to that hell hole to see him. He’ll be home soon, then you’ll get your chance.” She stormed up the stairs and disappeared around the corner.
The back door opened and in walked her grandmother. Her face was pale despite the heat of the day. She staggered in and claimed the closest chair, then realizing she wasn’t alone, straightened and pretended that everything was fine.
“Grandma, are you all right?” Bethany asked, rushing to her side.
“Yes.” She tried to catch her breath. “Just winded. I’m not as young as I used to be.”
Bethany quickly poured a glass of water and took it to her grandmother then settled down beside her. “You really should be resting. There’s not much for you to do anyway.”
“That’s my garden out there.” She drank half the glass then set it down on the table with shaky hands. “I planted the seeds in the spring and I’ll harvest them when the time comes.”
“I’m sure you will.” Bethany smiled and patted her hand. “Are you sure you still feel like going to visit Father tomorrow?”
“Very. It’s all I’ve thought about for the last ten years.” Her grandmother leaned closer and lowered her voice. “Why? Don’t you want to see him?”
“Yes, it’s just…”
“What dear?”
“What if he doesn’t want us to come? I mean what if he’s embarrassed for us to see him?”
Her grandmother laughed. “Then he’ll have to grow up and act his age.” She struggled to her feet and looked around the kitchen. “I’m glad Sally’s making the surprise dinner for tonight.”
“Surprise dinner?” Bethany snickered as she stood ready to catch her grandmother if she fainted.
“Yes, for your homecoming. But don’t tell anybody, it’s a surprise.” Her grandmother laughed. “A surprise if she can pull it off without giving anybody food poisoning.”
Chapter 17

Bethany felt strange climbing into the car, knowing that they were only going to the next house down the road. She couldn’t believe they’d actually prefer to drive the few hundred feet instead of walking.
It’s a short walk, nothing compared to what I’ve done today. She glanced out over the long shadows of the orchard and marvelled at how much work she’d put in today. Sure, Bryce did most of it but at least she gave it a try.
“Grandma, why don’t we walk there tonight? It’d be good for you to get some fresh air.” Bethany knew the answer before she even opened her mouth.
Her grandfather glared in the rear-view mirror at Bethany, his eyes bulging with rage. “No!” he snapped. “We don’t walk there. We always drive.”
Bethany let herself sink into the large backseat beside her mother, fighting the urge to snap back at the old man. She smirked, recalling Bryce’s nickname for him, Old Coot. How appropriate it seemed at this very moment. He did remind her of the cranky old people at the mall, all fighting for their free coffee refills. Suddenly she realized Bryce might be right, she doesn’t know what it’s like to live here with them.
The car pulled out of the driveway and accelerated for ten seconds then turned into the driveway across the road.
“We’re here already?” Bethany mumbled as she climbed from the car. She made the mistake of looking over at her grandfather, because he shot her a look of annoyance.
“Come on,” he said to everyone, but directed his eyes at Bethany. “Let’s get this over with. Remember, watch out for dog shit. Killer likes to crap in the driveway.”
“Nice,” Bethany said, tiptoeing to the front porch. When her feet touched the wooden step, she looked up and saw a pair of big green eyes staring down at her.
“Bethany,” her mother said, “this is your Aunt Sally.”
“She’s so pretty, Meredith. She looks like she doesn’t belong on a farm, but in one of those magazines.”
Bethany didn’t know what to say. She assumed it was meant as a compliment, but Sally’s delivery sent mixed signals. She looked at her aunt’s long flowered dress, and her dark brown hair tied loosely in a braid down her back and thought she resembled a classic farmer’s wife.
“Hi, Aunt Sally. It’s nice to finally meet you.” Bethany slowly climbed the stairs and reluctantly wrapped her arms around her aunt’s body. The aroma of cinnamon and ginger was strong, and Bethany hoped it wasn’t her perfume.
“I’ve missed you so much,” Sally said, holding Bethany’s face between her rough hands. The tears were streaming down her dry, weather-worn face and Bethany watched for them to absorb like a drop of water on cotton.
“I’ve missed you, too.” Bethany lied. I never even knew you existed, let alone cared?
Her grandfather walked back to the front door and peered out at the women gathered on the porch. “You gonna stand out there and smell the dog shit, or are you gonna serve dinner.” He disappeared from the doorway, but his voice carried back. “God only knows the food’s gonna taste like shit.”
Sally led Bethany through the house, refusing to let go of her hand. She dragged her through the kitchen and showcased the entire meal she prepared.
I guess she has been busy today, but she still could’ve come over and said hello?
“Frank, where are you?” Sally said, walking through the doorway into the dining area.
“Right here. What are you blind?” Frank sat at the end of the table as if waiting for someone to serve him. His comment brought a smirk to her grandfather’s face.
Frank wasn’t exactly what Bethany imagined her uncle would look like. After all, using Bryce and her father as models, she figured he’d look something like them, but what she saw was unexpected. His greying hair had receded, leaving a small island up front. That wouldn’t have been bad if only he’d learned to run a comb through it once in a while.
“This is Bethany.” Sally paraded her into the room and up in front of her uncle.
Frank slid his chair back, and the legs let out a squeal against the wooden floor. He waited for Sally to position her in front. “Bryce was right. She is pretty and she’s developing mighty fine, too.”
Bethany watched as her uncle’s eyes took in her entire body, like a doctor searching for a discoloured mole. Her face grew hotter as his eyes lingered on her chest. After five more seconds, it was burning red and threatening to explode. How could he say something like that? He’s my uncle.
“Frank,” Sally chastised him. “She’s a delicate young girl. You shouldn’t be looking at her that way.”
Bethany looked around the room at all the faces. She wondered who was going to stand up for her and tell this pervert to stop. She didn’t expect her mother to do it but someone, anyone. When nobody defended her honour and stopped Frank’s staring episode, she did the only thing she could think of. She ran back into the kitchen, fighting to keep her tears from spilling.
“Look what you did, you upset her,” Helen said. “Get in there and apologize, now.”
Bethany sat slumped on the stool in the corner. Her breath came in short quick bursts as she fought to keep in control. Her grandmother’s words rang in her ears. How she wished she’d told Frank exactly what she thought of him instead of running away.
“Sorry, I didn’t mean to upset you.” Frank’s voice grew nearer and Bethany felt the skin prick on the back of her neck. “I didn’t mean anything. I was just teasing.”
Bethany nodded in receipt of the apology but couldn’t find any words to follow. Slowly she swivelled the stool and raised her eyes from her lap. She looked up into her uncle’s face and found his eyes glued to her chest.
“You’re a disgusting pig!” Bethany crossed her arms over her chest. “I expect it from strangers but not from a member of my own family.”
A wide smile spread across his face, displaying his yellowed remaining teeth. “So it’d be all right if we weren’t family?”
Chapter 18

Linda entered the reception room of Knight Investigations and glanced around at the mismatched and worn chairs. There were ancient magazines covering the marred tables and cheap prints of cheap paintings covering the walls. She wondered if Robert decorated this room himself years ago, or if he’d moved into this office and never touched a thing in it. She’d been inside the other, better decorated, private investigator offices, but they never felt right. But this one, despite the furnishings, fit her needs. 
Robert’s office door stood ajar and his deep booming voice cut through the silence of the reception room. Linda found a suitable chair next to the office door and sat down, listening in on his phone conversation.
When he hung up the phone, Linda stood, pausing at the wall mirror. She checked her appearance and tucked a stray strand of hair behind her ear, then stepped inside the office. Robert looked deep in thought as he hunched over the old scuffed desk, scribbling frantically in his notebook.
The sunlight tried its hardest to shine through the grime streaked window to his right, but the years of neglect filtered the light into a slight glow. Linda could hear the kids outside in the parking lot behind playing basketball. The rhythmic sound of the ball pounding the ground soothed her nerves. 
She stood in front of the desk, waiting for Robert to realize she was there. And when he looked up from his notes, Linda felt disappointed as his eyes never lingered at her body as they moved to meet hers.
“Oh, Linda. I’m a little busy.” Robert looked preoccupied.
“I just thought I’d pop in and see what progress you’re making on getting Jasmine back?”
“Actually,” Robert cleared his throat, “I just got some background information on the rest of the family’s whereabouts. I figure Meredith abandoned the house and I know by her financial statements that she doesn’t have any savings we know about, so family is the probable route for her to take.”
“Can’t you call the cops and have them search for her? We have the custody papers signed and everything.”
“I really think we should handle this quietly.”
“Quietly? But she took my daughter.”
“Yes, but remember the situation. The last thing you want is for the media to get involved and drag this whole thing through the mud. You put Bethany through that type of media circus and I’m not sure she’d even want to live with you.”
“She’s a big girl.” Linda paced the room. “She’ll handle it.”
Robert shook his head and rolled his eyes. “Please, let me take care of this. This is what I’m best at.”
“What,” Linda snapped, “letting a little girl slip through your fingers when we were so close?” She watched Robert’s face twist through a range of emotions.
After a few seconds of deep breathing, Robert continued in a strained voice. “If the judge had signed those papers a day sooner, you’d be sitting beside your daughter right now. So as I see it, it was out of my control.”
“Out of your control? That bitch stole my child and ran away to God only knows where, and right under your nose—”
“Wait a minute. Just wait one minute!” Robert stood and walked to the window. He peered down at the teenagers shooting hoops. “I told you when you hired me that I couldn’t cover twenty-four-hour surveillance by myself and you agreed. So don’t go placing blame on me when you knew the facts.”
Linda felt her face flush as the tears threatened to spill. She looked at the intimidating size of the man before her and wondered if his past would interfere with his judgement on this case.
“Robert,” Linda said. She waited until he’d turned around to face her. “I’m sorry. This is getting us nowhere. I shouldn’t blame you.”
Linda noticed that Robert looked close to tears, whether from the stress of the situation or from the loss of his own daughter, Tara. His shoulders slouched giving him the appearance of a shrinking man as he stared at the photo on the desk of his smiling daughter.
“You might as well blame me, I know I do,” Robert said, plopping down into the chair.
Linda slowly walked around the desk and stood behind him. She placed her hands on his neck and felt him jump at the contact, then gently kneaded his tight muscles.
“I know how much this case means to you. I know about your past and your little girl.” Linda’s eyes were glued to the photo on the desk. She would’ve never recognized Robert in the photo, except for his sheer size. His face looked different somehow—happy, she thought.
Robert only grumbled in response, never fighting her physical touch. “Do you?”
“Yes, I know they killed your wife in a mugging fifteen years ago, and I also know about your daughter’s disappearance.” Linda felt his body shiver at the mention of his daughter.
“Tara,” Robert croaked. “There’s still hope… They never found her body.”
“Yes, I know. I did a little checking before I hired you. It’s the reason I chose you over the big agencies.”
Robert turned the chair to face Linda. His face was drawn and had appeared to have aged over the last ten minutes. “Why?”
“I heard what lengths you went through to try and find her, and I expect the same kind of action when it comes to getting Jas…” Linda’s face turned hard and cold as she fought to say the name which was forced onto her own flesh and blood. “…Bethany back.”
“That was different. I lost my temper. I lost control of the situation.”
“Exactly, and if the situation arises during this case don’t feel you need to hold back. I want Bethany back at all costs,” Linda smiled wickedly, “and I want Meredith to suffer like I have.”
Chapter 19

Bethany sat quietly at the table, picking away at her food. She kept her head down and attention focussed on her plate, trying to forget where she was and who was sitting across from her. Her mind still swirled with her uncle’s indecent attack in the kitchen. Bethany had tried to tell her mother but she refused to listen to the complaint.
“It was innocent fun,” she had said, but her face revealed that she knew better. “He’d never do anything like that.” When Bethany heard those words from the woman who had raised her, she knew she was truly alone. She also knew she’d have to fend for herself out here.
A dark shadow fell over her plate. “You done, or are you gonna torture that food some more?” Bryce said, standing beside her chair.
“What?” Bethany broke free from the trance and look around at the empty table. “Everyone’s done?”
“Yeah, we don’t like to linger in here. It’s best to just get the food down quickly. The faster you eat, the less you taste.”
She looked into his smiling face and thought she saw his true demeanour, not the one he hid behind today and not the false tough one he portrayed before his family. He actually seemed nice.
“Come on, grab your plate. I’d take it for you, seeing how you’re new here, but it’s bad for my reputation.”
“They’re your family. You don’t have to pretend for them.”
“No, and what did my dad and you discuss in the kitchen?”
Without another word, Bethany stood and carried her plate to the kitchen. The image inside was classic, Aunt Sally and Grandma were washing dishes, while her well-rested mother sat, watching, on the stool in the corner.
“The meal was great, Aunt Sally.”
“Did you hear that, she called me aunt? Doesn’t it have a nice sound? I’ve waited so long to hear those words that I forgot how good they would sound.”
Bethany watched her aunt’s excitement spread to her grandmother. She wondered if Sally never heard her greeting on the front porch or if it had just finally sunk in. But they both did look the happiest she’d seen them yet.
“It’s a four-letter word,” Meredith said. “It only signifies that you’re getting old—really old.”
“Why don’t I help with the dishes?” Bethany inched closer to hear what her aunt and grandmother were whispering.
“Oh, no,” Sally said, “go on with Bryce and he’ll show you around.”
“But?”
“Come on, Bethany. You heard what they said.” Bryce firmly took hold of her hand, pulling her out the doorway. “I’ll show you my room.”
Your father already tried to show me his.
They walked past the front room where Frank and Grant sat smoking cigars. The blue haze lingered at the ceiling and Bethany wished someone would close the doors and let them suffocate inside.
“Don’t mind them. They’re only helping me out by killing themselves.” Bryce led Bethany down the long hallway to the far bedroom. “This is my room. It’s not much, but I don’t have much time to spend in here anyway.”
Looking around the room, Bethany tried to take in everything and see how normal Bryce really was. “It’s nice. It’s different from Ryan’s room.”
“Ryan?” Bryce looked a little deflated. “Who’s he?”
“My boyfriend. You know, from London.”
“Oh… I never knew.”
Bethany watched his reaction and couldn’t help but ask. “You weren’t thinking about anything, were you? You do know we’re cousins?”
“I know, but I heard them talking that you might not belong to Meredith.”
“What did you hear?” Bethany fought the urge to grab him and shake the news free.
“I don’t know. I overheard my mom asking if you knew.”
“Knew, what?”
“I don’t know. They’ve been talking in code ever since you showed up. Before yesterday, they hardly talked about your family.”
“I know our families weren’t close, but at least we had some pictures. There were only a few pictures of you guys in the album,” Bethany huffed, “but they told me you guys were just old friends.”
“Well,” Bryce laughed, “technically they weren’t lying.”
Bethany hitched her thumb toward the door. “But why would they think I don’t belong to her.”
“Come on, you don’t know?” Bryce looked unconvinced. “You don’t look a thing like that hag out there. Your face is oval. Your eyes perfectly round, not to mention hazel. Your hair is blond with a little wave to it. And your body—”
“What about my body?” Bethany snapped.
Bryce’s face blushed. “Well, it’s proportional. You’re developing good for your age. Just look at your mother. You’re nothing like her.”
“I guess you’re right. But that doesn’t prove anything. I know lots of people who don’t look like their parents.”
“And maybe they don’t know they’re adopted?” Bryce laughed. “Or maybe aliens impregnated their mothers.”
Bethany smiled and wandered around the room glancing at everything. “I don’t know what to think. But if we’re not related, why would she bring me here?”
“From what my parents say, she’s nuts.”
She couldn’t help but smirk at hearing her own thoughts expressed. “That I agree.”
 “So if it’s true, and we’re not really related, and if you didn’t already have a boyfriend, would you…” Bryce sat down on the bed and turned away.
Bethany couldn’t bring herself to think about him that way, but she did need a friend to protect her while she stayed. “Maybe?”
“You’re the prettiest girl around here. Most of the girls here look like boys cause they work on the farms all day, or they’re simply ugly.”
“Didn’t your mother tell you it’s not what’s on the surface that’s important? It’s what’s inside.” Bethany flipped her hair back and ran a finger down the spine of the books on the shelf until she came to a topic she enjoyed. “Photography. You like it?”
“I play with it sometimes.”
“What do you shoot?” Bethany said, glad to be off the awkward subject of incest.
“Mostly live shots in nature.” Bryce looked slyly at Bethany. “Would you like to pose for me sometime?”
Bethany felt the bond beginning to grow between them. She couldn’t wait to have a real cousin to call her own. “Sure, why not.”
“Great,” Bryce said, jumping off the bed. He yanked open the closet door and started digging deep inside.
“What are you…” Bethany started to ask, then gave up and sat on the bed. She watched him search through the closet and wondered what he was looking for.
“Here, I took these myself. They might not be as good as the ones in Dad’s magazines, but I’m getting better.” Bryce dropped the album in Bethany’s lap then quickly moved across the room and stood with his back to her.
After flipping open the album, Bethany gasped in surprise. “They’re…”
“Good?” Bryce asked, turning around.
“No… Nude?”
Chapter 20

“I’m going to leave in the morning,” Robert said, watching Linda stare at the custody papers before her. “I don’t know how long this will take, but I’m not coming back without Bethany.”
Linda straightened in the chair, the smile on her face proof of what she really wanted. “That’s great. When you see her, will you give her a present from me? I got it in the car.”
“Can’t it wait until you see her?”
“Actually, no. I want Bethany to know how much I miss her. I want her to know how much I love her.”
“I’m sure she already does. How much did you say you put in the last present?” Robert asked, already knowing the exact amount. He’d taken the time to count every bill and wondered why she’d put so much inside.
“Oh, it was just a little spending money. She’ll need it. She’s a growing girl.”
“Yeah, as long as Meredith doesn’t get her hands on it.”
“She’d never take money from my baby, would she?”
“I don’t know, but if she gets her hands on the money it’ll be harder to chase her down. Five thousand bucks can keep them hidden for quite a while.”
Linda seemed to reconsider her gift as she sat thinking over the situation. “Fine. I’ll just leave a few hundred in it this time.”
Robert rolled his eyes, thinking that a few hundred could cost him days or weeks. “Bring it in and I’ll take care of it.”
Linda disappeared out the door and Robert continued checking his list of relatives to visit tomorrow. With Meredith’s parents long dead and only a single sister living in Kitchener, eliminating her family’s involvement should be easy.
Linda returned and placed the package on the corner of the desk. “There, I did what you said. I only hope she doesn’t think I’m cheap.”
“She’s your daughter, not somebody you have to impress with money.” Robert reached into the drawer and retrieved a clip for his gun. “Speaking about money, I wouldn’t mind having some cash on hand. You know, in case I need to bribe information out of someone.”
“Oh, yes.” Linda dug into her purse and removed a handful of loose bills. “Is this enough?”
“That’s fine. I’ll list anything I dish out.”
Linda slowly made her way to the door. “Robert?”
He glanced up from counting the money.
“I got a call today. They said Dan’s being released early.”
“Oh, that’s not good. If he contests the custody—”
“Two days.”
“What? Why so soon?” Robert felt the sweat drip from his armpits and realized he might need to step this up a little.
Linda only shrugged her shoulders. “Please bring her back.”
Robert barely heard the last words. He quickly stuffed everything he had into a folder and checked his gun. “Change of plans. If you need me, call my cell phone. I’ll be out of town for a few days.” He barrelled through the office, chasing Linda to the door.
“Robert,” Linda said, moving closer and kissing his cheek. “Thank you.”
After climbing into the car, Robert set the folder on the passenger seat and laughed, remembering his tug-a-war with Bethany over this folder yesterday. He withdrew the list of addresses then started the car.
“Charlotte Banks, I hope you’re hiding your sister. I sure as hell don’t want to drive all the way to Napanee tonight.” Robert didn’t want to even think about the three-hour drive. It was already getting dark.

***

Robert drove past the small white-sided house on Elm Street and circled the block to check for lights in the back rooms. Pulling up in front for the second time, he counted only a single light in the front room window. With no blue car in the driveway, Robert felt confident that Meredith and Bethany weren’t there.
Instinctively he checked his gun. There was little danger of Meredith’s sister being armed, but it was a habit he’d never been able to stop. Slowly he approached the house, careful to watch for movement inside every window as he climbed the front stairs. He searched for the door buzzer, then gave up and knocked loudly on the screen door.
The sound of a single set of footsteps approached and Robert smiled, trying to look less threatening as he knew the woman would peek out the front window to see who her visitor was. Out of the corner of his eye he saw the curtains move, but resisted glancing over, afraid he might scare Charlotte into hiding.
The seconds ticked past then the curtain fell and the footsteps came near the front door.
“Who is it?” The voice was that of a scared old woman afraid for her life.
“Robert Knight, private investigator. Miss Banks, I’d like to talk to you about your sister Meredith. It seems she’s disappeared and we’re worried that something bad might have happened to her.”
“Oh, dear. I don’t know what to say. I haven’t seen her for years.”
“Can you please open the door so we can talk in private. I’d hate for the entire block to hear what we’re discussing.”
The door slowly opened and one dark brown eye peered through the door crack. Her eye lingered at the identification before she opened the door a few more inches.
“I’m sorry,” she said, fussing with her large hair curlers. “We don’t usually get strangers around here this time of night.”
“My apologies. I wanted to wait until tomorrow, but this has become urgent.” Robert tucked his identification back into his jacket pocket and inched closer to the door, hoping she would let him in.
“Is Meredith all right?” Charlotte’s concern was genuine, but Robert wondered if she was keeping him outside so she could hide someone inside.
“She’s fine. It’s just she’s disappeared from her house in London and we’re trying to track her and her daughter down.”
“I’m sorry, but Meredith doesn’t have a daughter. She lost the baby when her husband pushed her down the stairs. I told her he was no good. It doesn’t matter if he was a doctor. He came from a bunch of inbred farmers.” Charlotte shook her head, sending her curlers bouncing off her cheeks. “Had a bad temper, too.”
“So, you haven’t seen her since she lost her baby?” Robert felt the puzzle pieces falling in place and wanted to quickly get away.
“Nope. She never calls or even writes. Can you imagine dropping our relationship like that? We were so close before, then when Dan killed her baby, she changed into someone different. Someone who didn’t like me.”
“Thank you, Charlotte,” Robert said, backing closer to the stairs.
“Would you like to come in for some tea? I know it’s late for tea, but sometimes tea helps settle the mind.”
“Thanks,” Robert turned and took the first step down, “but I really have to be going.” Once he hit the sidewalk, he never stopped to look back. Quickly he crossed the road and returned to his car. He was relieved that she’d invited him in, but he was scared of being trapped in there for hours.
Chapter 21

Bethany sat flipping page after page through her cousin’s backroom hobby book. Her face felt like it was on fire and she was sure it looked that way by now, but she couldn’t stop her own curiosity. The pictures were of other girls, no doubt the farm girls he was talking about earlier. Although they weren’t pretty girls—some fat and some simply homely—they looked better placed in the apple fields of the farm. She wondered how he’d managed to convince this many young girls to pose naked for him. She also wondered if she’d ever have as much nerve to do anything like this in her life.
“They are nice pictures. I see what you mean about the girls around here not being pretty.”
“Oh, only a few of those girls are from around here,” Bryce said, sitting down beside Bethany on the bed. He flipped the pages and pointed out the local girls.
“Then where are the others from?” Bethany asked, concentrating on the girls faces.
“Oh, here and there. Sometimes kids pass through here and work on the farm for a few days to earn some extra cash. You know, mostly runaways and nature kids.”
“Nature kids?”
“Yeah, the kind who hike across the country and do anything for money.”
Bethany watched the smile fill his face at his last comment. She had to wonder what goes on here in the country. “So, these girls just let you take their picture?”
“Mostly. Some need some convincing and some don’t. What about you?”
“Me?” Bethany laughed nervously. “No, not me. I don’t even shower in the public change rooms at the swimming complex.”
“Never?” Bryce inched closer. His hand was almost touching her leg.
Bethany scooted over, closed the photo album and slammed it down on the bed between them. “No, never! I don’t know how you ever managed to find this many girls to take their clothes off for you, but I would never do it.”
Bryce grabbed the album and stomped to the closet. After lifting a box lid, he launched the album inside. “Fine, be like that!”
“I’m not being like anything. I’m just not taking my clothes off for you or anybody else on this farm.”
“You think so?” Bryce mumbled, leaving the bedroom and Bethany behind.
She sat in shock, watching her cousin throw his temper tantrum. Probably the same one he throws to get the girls to take off their clothes. She stood and took one last look around the room for anything that would give away his secret hobby. The only thing that stood out was a thin book on the bottom of the bookshelf. It wasn’t a reading book, but more like a scrap book.
Silently she bent down and pulled it from the shelf. She flipped it open and began reading the headline of the newspaper clipping when Sally stepped into the doorway.
“Oh! You can’t be looking at that.” She jumped across the threshold and snatched the book from Bethany’s hands. “That’s not for you to see. How on earth did this get in here?” Sally glanced around the room. “Bryce?”
“Aunt Sally, what was that clipping about?”
Sally quickly regained her composure. “Oh, nothing. This is just a scrapbook we keep about local farm news in the paper.”
“But there was an article about an accident?”
“Oh, it’s nothing. Just local clippings, nothing for you to get excited about. We have accidents out here in the country, too.” Sally scanned the room. “Where’s Bryce at?”
“I don’t know. He was here just a minute ago then he disappeared.”
“Just like his father, always disappearing. I don’t know where they get to all the time.”
“Aunt Sally, is it okay if I go back to the farm. I’m getting tired,” Bethany said, looking for an excused to get out of this house.
“Sure, dear. Are you feeling all right?” Sally tucked the book under her arm and felt Bethany’s forehead.
“Fine. I’m just tired from the long day.”
After placing an arm around Bethany, Sally escorted her through the house. “Meredith, your little angel is getting tired and wants to go home to bed.”
“She’s fine,” Meredith slurred. “If she’s tired, she’ll fall asleep on the floor.”
Immediately Bethany recognized her mother’s medicated diction and wondered how many pills she’d downed tonight.
Frank on the other hand, jumped from his seat with a wild hunger in his eyes. “I’ll walk her home. Don’t wan her gettin scared out in the dark.”
“The hell you will!” Grant barked. He grabbed hold of Frank’s shirt and yanked him down hard into the chair. “She’ll be fine walking by herself.”
Bethany watched the silent fight between the two grown men in the front room. She had a bad feeling about why her uncle wanted to walk her home and sensed that her grandfather understood, too.
“I’ll be fine. It’s only across the road,” Bethany said, walking to the front door.
“Careful those skunks,” Frank said in a harsh tone. “Don’t go chasin them or they’ll perfume you up.”
Bethany quickly said goodnight to everyone and disappeared outside. When she stepped off the front porch, she realized how truly dark it was out there in the country. The black sky and shy moon was unlike anything she’d experienced before. Slowly her eyes adjusted to the darkness and she could make out the faint glow from the farmhouse window across the road. Walking slowly, she made her way to the end of the driveway. But when the smell of dog crap grew stronger, she realized why that last step was so soft.
“Great. Just great!” Bethany scraped her foot on the gravel road as she walked blindly toward the next driveway. It wasn’t until she was near enough to make out the mailbox that she heard the rustle in the orchard behind. She couldn’t forget the look in her uncle’s eyes. How hungry and menacing that look had been. For a brief moment she wondered if her grandfather had changed his mind and allowed Frank to leave.
No, he doesn’t like me, but he’d never allow that to happen. Would he?
Bethany stopped dead in her tracks. Turning, she held her breath. She stared blindly into the black sheet covering her eyes. Slowly shapes and forms began to materialize out of the darkness as the lights from her aunt’s house silhouetted the field.
She could make out the first row of trees and a dark shape behind. When the shape didn’t move, Bethany took a few steps backwards toward the farmhouse. With each step the shadow appeared to match her pace.
A twig snapped. The rustling increased and the dark object approached through the trees. Bethany turned and sprinted toward the darkened farmhouse at the end of the driveway. Her heart was racing, pounding like a drum, and her lungs burned from the sudden outpour of activity. She bound up the stairs two at a time, feet landing with a solid thud on the old wood planks. She’d beat the dark shadow, but suddenly wondered if it was only her imagination she was running from. Then when the sound of footsteps came on the gravel driveway, Bethany realized she wasn’t alone.
Lunging forward, she felt for the handle of the screen door. Quickly she jerked the door open but a hand slammed hard into it, stopping it halfway. Bethany jumped, letting a scream escape her lips.
Ducking under the arm, she ran down the covered porch. She was prepared to jump over the railing to the ground below when the hands grabbed her tightly from behind. As if it was a race, the hands moved fast covering every inch of her body. Once they found her waist, they ripped her shirt loose from her waist, hoisting it up over her breasts. When the callused fingers slid under her bra, she shivered as they were unusually cold for such a warm night.
With his fingers pinching her nipples, she stopped squirming for a second then drove her knee into his crotch. She felt the stale exhale of breath on her face and turned and jumped over the railing to the damp grass below. The attacker leapt after her, knocking her to the dewy grass and pinning her helplessly down.
“No, no!” Bethany begged, but her attacker cut off her pleas by smothering her mouth with his. Her mind raced, her body bucked, but it was no use. She was helpless.
Feeling his tongue probing inside her mouth, she quickly chomped down. Blood filled her mouth, and screams filled her ears. She bucked hard to the right, sending him tumbling to the grass beside.
Quickly she climbed over the railing and dashed to the front door. She struggled nervously with the door, all the time expecting his hands to reattach to her body, but it never happened. She yanked open the door and dashed inside. Once she had her bearings, she raced up the stairs and into her bedroom, then quickly turned the lock on the door.
“Ryan… I need to call Ryan. He’ll know what to do.” Bethany thought about trying the phone down in the kitchen then thought about him outside the house.
“No, I’m safe. I can’t go down there. Besides, the phone probably won’t even be working.”
With her back against the door she covered her eyes and started to cry.
Chapter 22

It was after midnight when Robert found the rural road he was searching for. He puttered down the orchard road wondering where all the homes were, until he came to two houses close enough to be considered next-door neighbours.
The first house on the right was lit from every window, spilling patches of white light onto the blackness below. Robert watched a silhouette in the large front room window and wondered if that could be Bethany right there, looking for him. With no way of telling, he drove on and slowed at the sight of the dark house on his left.
The overspill of the headlights showed there was a car shape beside the house, but the darkness swallowed it whole. Robert decided that he’d have to wait until morning to see if that car did belong to Meredith. Just as he met the driveway, a light snapped on in the upstairs room, illuminating the small blue car below.
“Meredith,” Robert whispered. He couldn’t see the plates but he knew it belonged to her.
Down the road he continued, trying not to draw attention. After all, there’s not much traffic out here in the middle of nowhere. When he found the next concession he turned left and hoped to double back around the huge block and get a peek from behind.
“This definitely isn’t the city,” Robert said, shocked at the sheer size of the farms. Turning left on the next road, Robert turned off his headlights and slowed his drive, hoping to get a service road or anything to allow him a closer look without being noticed.
The faint light casting from the upper-level window of the farmhouse was barely visible across the distance, but Robert’s eyes were getting accustomed to the darkness. Using the emergency brake, he stopped on the road with a clear view of the farmhouse windows. Even with the binoculars, the darkness blurred the shapes into obscurity.
“Now what?” Robert ran his hands through his hair and gave a hard pull, trying to clear his mind.
I’m 99 percent sure they’re in that farmhouse. But I’m 99 percent sure that Grant has a loaded shotgun beside his bed. So, if I’m lucky he’s using rock-salt and my ass is sore for a month, but if I’m not so lucky. Robert slammed the steering wheel. “Fuck!”
Releasing the brake, Robert let the car idol down the road until he spotted the old barn up ahead. With no houses around for miles, he concluded this barn was waiting out its days until it collapses from a strong wind, and as he drew closer, he realized he was right.
Half the boards were missing from the sides, and the roof was all but gone, but it was the best he could do tonight. After all, he needed someplace to hide, not someplace nice. Robert pulled to a stop in front of the barn and grabbed his flashlight from the glove box. He hesitated, then pressed himself to go out and examine his hotel room. When he placed the flashlight between the boards and snapped it on, the mice scrambled, Robert shrieked, and a few bats soared through the opening in the roof, out into the dark sky.
The place was empty, except for the odd pile of shredded clothing. A chill shook Robert’s body at the sight of the animals he hated most, but after a few deep breaths and a lot of convincing, he managed to swing open the barn door. Quickly he ran back to the car, his mind filled with images of mice scurrying around his feet as he lengthened his stride.
After backing the car into the barn, Robert swung the door half-closed and tiptoed inside, careful of his step. He popped the trunk and removed the telescope, then placed it on the front seat and quickly closed the door so no unwanted passengers would join him.
Robert watched as the faint light from the farmhouse window sifted through the missing boards. He wondered if he should rip off a couple more boards, but the thought of going out into the critter-ridden barn, was too much.
Maybe in the morning. Robert shivered at the mere thought.
After setting his watch alarm for five o’clock, he settled back in the seat and tried to get some rest. He couldn’t help but wonder what tomorrow would bring.
Chapter 23

Bethany bolted upright in bed, her eyes searching the room for any sign of the noise that had awoken her. The knocking on the bedroom door started again, then a moment later the handle began rattling.
Dazed, she looked around the bedroom, then down at her clothes. She was still wearing the same clothes as last night. When her eyes met the clock, she heard her grandmother’s voice calling for her through the door.
“Bethany, are you all right?” Her grandmother’s voice was weak and hoarse.
“Yeah,” Bethany said, climbing from the bed. She searched for her housecoat. Finding it on the chair, she wrapped it quickly around her. “Just a minute, Grandma.”
“You shouldn’t lock these doors, dear,” she said slightly above a whisper.
“I’m sorry, Grandma.” Bethany turned the lock and yanked the heavy wooden door open. It swung wide and hit the wall with a solid thud. “I was getting changed last night and—”
“It’s not that. It’s that they’re old like me and you never know when they’ll stop working.”
“Grandma, don’t talk like that. If it wasn’t for you, I’d feel all alone out here.”
“Speaking of all alone, Bryce is working out in the barn today. He’s puttering around with some machinery or something. Honestly, I don’t keep up on what goes on around here.” She stepped closer and gazed at Bethany’s face.
“Oh, my. There’s blood on your face.”
The memory of last night came surging back and with it, the memory of blood in her mouth. Her hand swiped at her face, attempting to remove the evidence. “I bit my lip last night. It must have kept bleeding after I fell asleep.”
“Come in the bathroom,” her grandmother ushered her into the hall, “and let me get a cold cloth.”
“No, I’m fine. I can manage by myself.”
“Nonsense.” She pulled Bethany down the hall to the bathroom and steered her inside. She ran the washcloth under the tap and started to wipe the dried blood from Bethany’s face. “After we’re done here, you’ll have to hurry down for breakfast. We have a busy day ahead.”
Bethany watched the caring way her grandmother fussed over her and wondered if this was what a grandmother was supposed to do. “You want me to help Bryce?”
“Heaven’s no.” She glanced out into the hallway then lowered her voice. “We’re going to visit your father today.”
“But what if they ask where we’re going?”
Her grandmother smiled and came closer. “If anybody asks, we’re going to visit my sister.”
“But why not tell them the truth?”
“Because if I told them, they wouldn’t let me go.” She finished wiping Bethany’s face and set the washcloth down, then patted her cheek gently.
Both excitement and fear coursed through Bethany’s body at the thought of seeing her father. Why does it have to be a secret? Why can’t everyone come and visit him like a real family should?
“What if someone wants to come with us?”
“You haven’t met my sister. Nobody wants to visit her.”
“Why not?” Bethany wondered what could be so wrong with a person to cause that much resentment.
“Believe me, sometimes I don’t even want to see her.” Her grandmother laughed as she left the bathroom and headed down the hallway to the stairs.
Bethany dashed back into the bedroom and began rummaging through her suitcase. “What do you wear to prison?”

***

Robert’s eyes snapped open. He looked around the car trying to remember where he was. His mind began shedding the confusion as he struggled to sit up in the front seat. The telescope box lay on the floor to his right, no doubt knocked there in his quest to get comfortable.
Blinking the sleep away, Robert glanced at his watch, then at the brightening sky outside. He felt like a fugitive, hiding away in the bowels of hell. Suddenly he remembered why he was here. He looked at his watch again and this time actually read it.
“Shit!” Robert pounded his thigh. “I slept through the alarm.” He swallowed the thick sour taste in his mouth, thinking what he wouldn’t do for a big mug of coffee right now.
Pushing the idea away, he grabbed the box from the passenger floor and opened his door. Pausing with his foot hovering above the dirt floor, Robert looked for anything scurrying on the ground below, then climbed from the car and walked to the barn door. As he slid the telescope from the box, the tripod dropped to the ground with a heavy thud.
“Shit! Will somebody get me a cup of coffee?” Robert’s voice stirred the bats above. The moment he heard them squeal, he regretted his words.
Once the equipment was set up and the door propped open just far enough to see, Robert perched himself on the fender and peered through the eyepiece. He turned the focus dial and moved the sight until he could see Meredith’s blue car, then continued adjusting the dials until the numbers on the license plate were readable.
“Thank god, at least they’re still there.” Robert settled back and waited for everyone else to rise and shine. 
A half-hour later, he blinked his dry eyes then focussed the telescope on the two people coming out of the farmhouse. The first was an older woman who made her way slowly to the driver’s door of the brown Cutlass, and the second was Bethany.
Robert slid off the fender, hurrying to pack the telescope away. He fought with the retractable legs of the tripod, then in a fit of rage he threw it against the barn wall, knocking a rotten board to the ground outside.
“Shit! Nothing’s going my way.” He raced to the barn door and struggled to get it opened wide enough to drive through. He pushed it open, but it caught on a high spot. After ramming his shoulder into it, the door swung open, slamming against the side and sending the whole structure into a wobble.
Chapter 24

Bethany sat in the prison visitation room, behind the cold metal table, watching her grandmother talk with the guard on duty. She could only make out a few words until Helen raised her voice in anger. Quickly she rose from the chair and moved to her grandmother’s side.
“What’s wrong, Grandma?”
“This young man says your father doesn’t want to come out and have a visit with us.” She set her jaw firmly and turned to face the young guard. “But I’m telling him I don’t care what my son wants. I came for a visit and I’m not leaving without seeing him.”
“What can I do?” the young guard said, looking for help from the others who stood, laughing, inside the windowed office. “He refuses to come out of his cell.”
Her grandmother moved closer and locked eyes with him. “You can ask him again, or you can drag him out here on his butt, or we’ll go to his cell to talk to him. You take your pick.”
The guard shrugged his shoulders and disappeared back into the holding area. Ten minutes later he returned escorting a disgruntled man in chains. As the guard passed, Bethany heard him whisper to her grandmother, “Seems he didn’t want a cell visit.”
She watched her father pass by. His chin was hung to his chest and she couldn’t help but feel sorry for him.
“Father…” Bethany said, watching in silent horror as the guard lowered him into the chair. She tried to remember him as he was before this place—before it turned him into this mess. But she was so little when he went away. It seemed like a life time ago. Drawing a deep breath, she took the chair directly across from him.
Her father met her gaze, but only for a split second before returning his attention to his chained hands. “I wish you wouldn’t have come. I never wanted you to see me like this.”
“Why, what’s so wrong with this? You shouldn’t be afraid of your family coming to give you support.”
“You’re not embarrassed about your old man being in prison?”
“Well, it’s not something I’d volunteer for career day.” Bethany took hold of his hand and heard the young guard protest the contact, but her grandmother managed to cut him off.
Her Father’s shoulders dropped a shade and his chin raised an inch at her touch. “I’ve probably ruined your life being stuck in here. I know your mother had to sell the house and find something cheaper. How is it?”
Bethany couldn’t help but laugh. “Actually, we’re living with Grandma and Grandpa on the farm.”
“What about the house you were living in?” He straightened in the chair, full of interested now.
“Mother moved us out a few days ago.”
“Why would she do that?”
“I think she’s gone crazy.”
He cringed, then quickly changed his expression to a more pacifying look.
“No, I really think she’s lost it this time. Since you’ve been gone she’s gotten worse, and this past week was too much for her.” Bethany leaned in close to her father. “I think she… might have drugged me when she took me to the farm.”
“Drugged you?” He squinted, gazing into Bethany’s eyes. “What are you talking about? Your mother would never do anything like that.”
“Exactly, she never would’ve done anything like that, but she’s changed. And I wouldn’t put anything past her now.”
“Did you ask her outright?”
“I can’t talk to her. I tried to tell her what Uncle Frank did.”
Her father’s face hardened at the mention of his brother’s name. He jumped to his feet with such speed that Bethany almost tumbled backwards out of the chair.
“What did he do?” 
“Nothing.” Bethany surveyed the room and found all eyes were glued on her. “He—He just isn’t nice to me.”
Her father looked around the room at the guards closing in on him and decided to take a seat before they took him back to his cage.
“Frank,” he muttered. “Don’t trust him. And if he ever talks down to you or does anything, just remind him that I’m coming home. I’ll…” He looked around at the guards and lowered his voice just above a whisper. “Tell him I’ll take special care of him.”
Bethany’s breath caught in her chest. She’d never seen this anger from her father before. I guess it comes from time behind bars.
“Grandma said we can stay with them until you get back on your feet.”
“Is that something you’d like, or would you prefer to move back to the city?”
“I do have a boyfriend waiting at home, but I guess he could wait a little longer if you decide to stay on the farm.”
“Why don’t we wait until I’m home tomorrow then we’ll see what kind of financial trouble your mother has gotten us into? I swear that woman’s incompetent. Probably too high and mighty to get a job?”
Bethany nodded, but her mind was drifting away. She wanted to ask who her real mother was but she didn’t want to add to her father’s anger. God only knows what he’s been through in this place.
“Yes, we can wait until tomorrow.”
His eyes reddened as he fought to hold back tears. “But don’t worry when I get out I’ll make everything up to you. We’ll buy a new house and everything will return to normal.”	
“Normal?” Bethany mumbled. “I don’t know what’s normal anymore.” She watched as the approaching guard glanced at his watch.
“It hurts so much being separated,” her father said, grasping for Bethany’s hands. “I don’t know what I’d do if you were taken away from me. I… I think I’d die.”
“Time’s up, Mr. Rosehart,” the guard said, coming up behind her father and hoisting him from the chair.
“I guess this is it until I get out tomorrow.”
“It’s only one more day,” her grandmother said, coming up beside the officer and latching onto Dan from behind. She held her embrace, fighting to keep him free for a few more minutes. “We’ll be fine.”
Bethany stood and watched as the guard separated them. She felt her grandmother’s arm slip around her shoulder as they watched Dan being lead back to the corridor. Suddenly Bethany had an overwhelming urge. She felt a burning sensation erupt in her belly as she was overwhelmed with a need to know the truth. “Father, who’s Linda?”
“Linda?” Seconds ticked by as her father planted his feet and held his ground against the guards. As if the name suddenly surfaced through the years of betrayal, Dan’s face lit like a flare. His eyes widened and his jaw clenched down tight.
Bethany saw the recognition in his eyes and knew immediately that he’d been keeping secrets from her.
“Don’t believe a word she says!”
Another guard joined in and pulled Dan behind the steel doors. With a loud clunk the door slammed shut. The lock tumbled, securing the door, and with it the answer to her question.
Her father broke free of the guards and grabbed the steel bars, forcing his face through. “Bethany, I’m the one who wanted you!”
Chapter 25

Robert gripped the steering wheel so tight his knuckles turned white. He sat fuming in the parking lot of the Kingston Penitentiary. He kept a watchful eye trained on the front entrance to the building, the spot where Bethany and her grandmother had disappeared nearly an hour ago.
The trip here kept replaying in his mind and the part where he’d actually gotten lost on the back country roads nagged constantly at his ego. He’d been in high speed pursuits before and nearly always got his suspect. But without even trying, this old lady had lost him and gotten here safely before he could intercept and take Bethany away.
Robert quickly sat forward when the main door slid open. Bethany and Helen stepped from the building, out into the sunlight. He fumbled with the car door handle for a moment then threw it open, but it stopped within inches. Looking out the side window, Robert understood why.
“Hello, Officer,” Robert chuckled, knowing all too well how this looked. He looked at the officer’s narrow eyes and firmly set jaw, and realized this would be done by the book.
“Hands in the air where I can see them,” the redheaded officer said. His one hand rested on the window sash while the other hovered over the butt of his gun.
Robert glanced from the officer’s hand, to where Bethany was climbing into her grandmother’s car. “Shit, I know how this looks, but I’m not—”
“Step out of the car, sir,” the officer said crisply. He snapped upright, straightening his spine.
“That’s what I was trying to do before you stopped me,” Robert muttered.
The officer took two steps backwards as Robert climbed out. His jaw loosened and his face showed concern as Robert’s huge body towered over him.
“Please, I have to stop them.” Robert watched as the brown Cutlass backed out of the parking spot. “I have custody papers to serve. Here.” Robert reached slowly into his jacket pocket and the officer slid his gun from the holster.
“Take it easy. It’s only my ID.” Robert slid it from his pocket, pinched between his index finger and thumb, then handed it to the officer.
“Ah, a private eye. I should’ve known by your sloppy attire.” The officer tossed the ID back to Robert and holstered his gun.
“Let me see the paperwork on your custody case.”
“What’s the sense? She’s gone.”
“Cause I’ll throw your ass in jail if I don’t see the papers.”
Robert stared defiantly. “What charge?”
“Oh, let’s see, attempted kidnapping, stalking. I could go on and on.”
“Fine then.” Robert reached inside to the passenger seat and returned with the papers. He silently cursed as the officer appeared to take longer than a second-grader to finish the page.
“Satisfied?” Robert snorted as he glared intently at the officer.
“Everything looks in order.” He did a double take at the papers. “Rosehart? I know him. He’s getting out tomorrow, right?”
Robert snatched the papers and climbed behind the wheel. “Yeah, and he’ll be looking to stop me.”
“Hey, sorry about screwing up your grab. You want me to call in a favour and have them stopped on a traffic violation.”
“No. I wouldn’t want to be in your debt. Next thing I know you’ll want me to pick up your dry cleaning.”
The officer smiled and bent down to Robert’s level. “I could use a servant, but really, I could have them stopped and held until you reach them.”
“Thanks, but no thanks.” Robert stuffed the papers into the glove box and slammed the door.
“Wait. What was your name, again?”
“Knight, Robert Knight.” Robert watched the officer’s face brighten before the look of shock took over.
“From London?”
“Yeah, I see you know about me.”
“I’m sorry. I didn’t realize you left the force and went the PI route.”
“After what they did, how could I stay?”
“I hear they dropped the case pretty quick. I always wondered why they stopped the search so fast. It’s almost like they—”
“Didn’t wanna find my daughter?”
“Hey, we’re not all like that.” He thrust his hand through the open window. “Bill Roswell. If you ever need a favour or any help, just give me a call.”
Robert tried to ignore the outstretched hand, then finally gave in and lightly shook it. After giving a quick nod, he turned his attention back to the windshield.
“Maybe I will,” Robert mumbled as he started the car and pulled out of the parking lot. Maybe one day I will.
As he made the highway, Robert pulled the map from the door pocket and spread it on the passenger seat. Quickly he picked out the fastest route back to the farmhouse and ignored all the speed limits.
When Robert found the dirt road leading off the highway he barely slowed, cutting the corner sharp and sending the rear end sliding around the intersection. The tires scrapped the top lip of the water filled ditch and Robert muttered something about slowing down.
But once the car straightened, he pressed down on the accelerator and brought it back to the highway speed. The car raced down the loose gravel, weaving back and forth as the freshly grated road was meant more for slow-moving tractors than racing cars.
“Come on, it was only a ten minute head start. They can’t be that far ahead.” Suddenly Robert realized why he hadn’t caught up. He slammed on the brakes and the car slid to a stop just before the intersection.
He looked from the sign to the map.
“Fuck!” Robert slammed his fist hard into the dash, cracking the stereo faceplate. “What else can go wrong?”
After deciphering the map, Robert cranked the wheel and spun out around the corner. Within a few minutes he was turning onto the farmhouse road. He slowed the car as he neared, taking in every detail. The brown Cutlass sat beside the house and Meredith’s car was still poking out from the back corner. Robert surveyed the orchards and the driveway. There was no sign of the grandfather.
Can’t risk going to the front door and asking for her? If the old man was out in the orchard that would be a different story, but he might be inside cleaning his shotgun.
Feeling defeated, Robert continued down the road to the corner and back to his hiding spot.
Chapter 26

After arriving home, Bethany stuck close to her grandmother’s side all during the day. She noted the change in Helen’s mood ever since the guards hauled her father back behind the steel bars, and Bethany couldn’t help but feel responsible for it.
“Why don’t you run out to the barn and see if Bryce is done yet? I can finish these dinner dishes by myself.”
“It’s okay, Grandma. Leave them in the sink and I’ll do them when I get back.”
“Oh, don’t be silly. I can manage a few simple dishes.”
Bethany watched as her grandmother clamp tightly onto the counter. The exhaustion from the long day seemed to be wearing her down, and Bethany had to wonder how much longer her grandmother would be around.
“Are you sure you’re feeling okay? You look tired.”
“I am a little. I guess we had too much excitement today.”
“Go lie down and rest. Honestly, I can handle doing the dishes after I get back in.” Bethany took hold of her grandmother’s arm and escorted her up the stairs to the master bedroom.
As she watched her grandmother’s tiny frame almost disappear into the mattress, she asked, “Have you seen my mother since dinner?”
“Thankfully, no.”
Bethany had to laugh. “I know the feeling.”
“She’s like a stray cat. Comes for the food then disappears.”
“You know what, Grandma. I kinda like it better that way.”
“You go tell Bryce not to stay out there too late. He’s got more important things to do around here tomorrow.”
“Don’t worry, I will.” Bethany closed the door and quietly made her way down the stairs to the back door.
Looking out the window at the darkening sky, Bethany felt a shiver trace her spine. When she forced herself to open the door and step out into the fresh air, the shiver returned and raced through her entire body. She tried to convince herself that it was the chill in the air, but deep down inside she knew the truth.
With each step the shadows appeared to grow and Bethany found the memory resurfacing of last night’s attack. Her footsteps quickened as the emptiness between the house and barn swallowed her up. A little apprehensive, she continued wondering if she’d be safe in the barn with Bryce or if he’d try to force himself on her again.
It was him last night, right? Bethany’s step quickened as her eyes darted across the yard. But what if it wasn’t him after all.
Reaching the old wooden door, Bethany threw it open and jumped over the threshold. The door swung silently despite the rusted hinges and crashed into a stack of paint cans.
“Shit!” Bryce screamed. He jumped and smashed his head on the hood of the old car.
Bethany felt the laughter bubble up and fought to hold it inside, but the sight of Bryce dancing around holding his head was too much. Her laughter poured out and for the first time in a long while it was the real deal.
“You think that’s funny?”
“No…” Bethany swiped at her eyes. “Actually, yes. Yes, it’s very funny.”
“Well, I don’t think it is.” Bryce shuddered, feeling the lump grow. “It’s all your fault. If you didn’t come busting in here it wouldn’t have happened.”
“I’m sorry, but it was an accident.” Bethany strolled closer to get a look at what Bryce was working on.
“You accidentally slammed the door open into the cans?” His face seemed to relax.
“Who knew that old door would work so good? I mean, look at it, it’s ancient.”
“Well, I did just grease it the other day.” Bryce started to smile but quickly contained it. “It was driving me nuts. Every time someone opened it, it’d squeal forever.”
“I accept your apology.”
Bryce locked eyes with Bethany. “What?”
“You just admitted it was your fault. You greased it. If you didn’t grease it, you’d have heard me come in.”
Bryce grabbed the rag from the fender and wiped his hands, then threw it down on the engine. “Girls!”
“Hey look. You’re two for two. You admitted you were wrong and you got my gender correct.”
“What do you want, Bethany?” Bryce walked over to the cupboard and pulled a small bottle out, then swallowed deep. He held the bottle out toward Bethany and waited.
“What is it?” Bethany asked, leaning closer to take a whiff of the liquid.
“Whiskey. What did you think it was?”
“Something a little less illegal.”
“Gramps don’t care if I drink and Dad actually stocks the cupboard for me. What’s the matter, the city boys don’t drink alcohol?”
“Some do, but I don’t.”
“Not good enough for you?”
“I didn’t say that, but I’m too young to drink.”
“But you’re not too young to pose for me.”
Bethany shook her head and walked around the car. “Maybe if we weren’t related, but still, I don’t think I could ever do that.”
“Sure you could, it’s easy. You just gotta start small. Like with your shirt.”
“Not even my socks!” Bethany stopped circling and stood across the engine from Bryce. “Grandma wants you to go home and rest for some real work tomorrow, unlike today.”
“At least I was here.” Bryce glared at Bethany. “Where were you?”
“At… At Grandma’s sister’s house.”
“You mean, Gwen?”
Bethany tried to calm her nerves. “Yeah, that’s the one.”
“Grams doesn’t have a sister named Gwen.” Bryce’s smile twisted into a sneer. “So where did you really go? I’ll bet you went to visit that jailbird of a father.”
“He’s…” Bethany started but realized there wasn’t anything to argue. His words were the truth.
“There you are, boy!” Bethany’s stomach tightened at the sound of Frank’s voice. “I should’ve known you’d be in here.” He staggered through the doorway, clenching onto the frame for support. “And look who’s here with ya, my favourite little girl, Bethany.”
The feeling in her stomach raced throughout her entire body. It was from the way Frank was gaping at her. Sidestepping, she moved closer behind Bryce, hoping for some protection, but instead of protection, he quickly made his way to the door and dodged past his father.
“That’s right, boy, you go home where you belong. Don’t worry, daddy will be along in a few minutes after I’s has a little chat with Bethany.”
Bethany hurried after Bryce and was almost out the door when she felt the searing pain in her scalp. It felt like the hair was being ripped from her head. Tumbling backwards, she fell to the dirt floor.
“Don’t touch me!” Bethany cried, fighting to hold back the tears. “Don’t you ever touch me!”
Frank slammed the door shut and the walls closed in, threatening to swallow Bethany completely.
“And who’s gonna stop me, you?” Frank playfully approached.
Bethany climbed to her feet and rubbed the back of her head. “My father will!”
“Your daddy’s stuck behind bars and can’t do a thing.”
“He said if you so much as lay a finger on me, he’ll kill you!”
“Let me tell you something about your daddy. He’s full of shit. I’ve kicked his ass before and I’ll kick it again when he gets out.”
Bethany backpedalled as Frank slowly advanced. When she reached the front of the car, she turned and sprinted around to the opposite side, placing some distance between them.
“I like it when they run.” Frank’s yellow teeth appeared to glow in the dim light. “But then again, I don’t mind if they just lay down and play dead for me.”
“What do you want?” Bethany screamed, hoping to attract some attention.
Frank licked his lips and the thick saliva hung from his top two teeth. “You.”
Chapter 27

Robert watched as Bethany disappeared into the barn. He tried to focus the telescope on the figure that approached the driveway, but the darkness inhibited the telescope’s reach.
“Okay, the boy’s in there. Bethany’s in there. And this must be…” Robert squinted, taking in the shape of the visitor. “I’m guessing Uncle Frankie.”
With his eye glued to the telescope, he raised the pop can up and jabbed the straw into his chin before finally finding his mouth. He drank the remaining liquid as he kept his eye fixed on the show in the distance.
“What the…” Robert watched as the boy went running from the barn. He darted into the orchard, toward the house across the road.
Something doesn’t feel right.
Robert patted his side, feeling for his gun and jumped from the car hood. He raced out the partially open door, giving it a shove as he exited.
The sky was almost black as the sun dipped over the horizon, but Robert refused to slow his pace. He moved quickly through the trees, trying to keep his noise to a minimum.
Up ahead at the end of the row, Robert could make out the dark shape of the barn. He heard a voice in the distance to his right and suddenly wondered if Bethany had escaped the barn and taken refuge in the orchard. Slowly he cut across the rows and crept closer to the voice. He could hear the frustrated cries as he neared, but the words made no sense.
Robert crossed another two rows then spotted the silhouette in the distance. He crept cautiously nearer then froze when the boy turned and stomped toward him. Diving into the next row, Robert held his breath.
“I’ll kill him!” The boy said as he broke into a mad dash. “I’ll…”
Robert watched as the boy tore through the orchard. He seemed serious about his threat. Quickly, without worrying about noise, Robert raced to the barn. When he stopped outside the door, he heard Bethany’s muffled cries within.
Pulling his gun from the holster, he slowly pushed the door open, bracing for the hinges to give up his surprise. When no noise disturbed the night, Robert stepped through the opening and felt his temper flare at the sight.

***

“No! No, please don’t,” Bethany sobbed, feeling her uncle’s hands ripping at her clothing. His rough hands felt like rose thorns on her delicate skin as she clenched her arms and legs tightly together, trying to ward off his attack.
“You better cooperate or I’ll smack ya!” Frank said, raising his hand high overhead.
She clenched her eyes tight and heard the smack, but the pain didn’t register in her body. Repeatedly she heard the sound of a hand landing harshly on her body, but again there was no pain. Slowly she opened one eye and peered at her attacker. Her mind raced and her body shook at the sight above.
“Rob…” Bethany held her breath as Robert hammered his bare fist repeatedly into Frank’s face. She watched in amazement as each blow sent Frank’s nose and flesh distorting into a ragged bloody mess. After countless hits, she looked into the eyes of her hero, but they weren’t the eyes of the kind and caring Robert she knew, rather the eyes of a caged animal free to vent his frustration on a person who came an inch too close to the bars.
Robert stopped his assault and stood holding Frank by the neck. He lifted Frank’s body from Bethany’s, then slammed his head through the driver’s side window.
“Are you all right?” Robert leaned closer. “He didn’t hurt you, did he?”
Bethany stifled a few ragged breaths before answering “No. I wouldn’t let him.”
“Good girl.” He carefully lifted Bethany’s arm from her chest and inspected her torn shirt. Turning to the lump on the floor, he sank his foot repeatedly into Frank’s mid-section.
Bethany watched in horror as Frank’s body shook with each blow. “Robert, please!” She latched onto his arm. “You’ll kill him.”
“He deserves to die. How many others has he done this to? If he attacks his own relative then what are his limits?” Robert’s red eyes were locked on the bleeding, withering mess on the floor. “He’s probably a kidnapper, too.”
“We gotta go.” Bethany tugged harder on Robert’s arm. “What if Bryce or Grandpa comes? They can’t catch us here.”
Bethany’s words seemed to cut through his rage. Suddenly, as if he just remembered why he was there, he took hold of Bethany’s hand and rushed her out the door, then surveyed the driveway and the backyard. When he decided that it was clear, he took off racing toward the orchard.
“Come on, Bethany, hurry! I parked the car on the next road, so we’ll have to cut through…”
Bethany pulled loose from Robert’s grip and raced toward the house. “I forgot something.”
“We don’t have time for this.”
“I’ll only be a minute.”
“Bethany, no!” Robert chased behind but before he could reach her, she disappeared inside the back door.
Chapter 28

The kitchen was dead quiet, except for the hum from the light above the sink. Bethany tiptoed across the old hardwood floors anticipating a creak at every footstep. She took a deep breath when she made it to the staircase uncontested. Softly she climbed, watching for the squeaky steps as she went.
Two steps from the top, Bethany was amazed she had made it the entire staircase without any unwanted noise. But when her foot touched the landing, she heard her grandmother shifting in bed, down the hall to her right.
Grandma… How could I forget about her? She’ll be heartbroken if I leave. Suddenly the image of Frank’s face hovering inches above hers washed the guilt away.
Turning to her left, she came to her mother’s room. The door was closed but a sliver of yellowish light seeped underneath, casting faint shadows on the hallway floor. Bethany wondered if her mother was inside resting, or hiding. She shook the question from her mind and kept on walking.
Maybe it was her imagination or the quietness of the old building, but Bethany thought she heard a faint sobbing from within. The kind smothered in a pillow.
Should I tell her I’m leaving? Would it make it that much easier for her to handle?
Bethany considered her mother’s mood swings and decided to play it safe. Passing by the closed door, she scooted into her room and stared at her open suitcase on the floor. Who would do this? Who would come into my room and search through my stuff?
Angered and outraged, she forgot all about Robert waiting outside. She took handfuls of crumpled clothing and tossed them into the corner of the room. Her heart skipped a beat when she couldn’t find the one thing which she had come back for. Giving up her stealth, she ripped the covers from the bed, frantically searching for her lost treasure.
Satisfied that it was no longer in the room, Bethany stormed to the only place it might be.
“Mother,” Bethany said, opening the bedroom door. The room was in darkness except for the small reading lamp on the corner table. Clothes and bed sheets were balled up in the middle of the bed and Bethany wondered how her mother could live like this.
The faint sobbing started again as Bethany neared the bed. Suddenly she wondered if the lump was indeed her mother cowering away in pity.
“Mother?” Reaching out, Bethany slowly drew the covers back. She felt sick at the sight of her mother huddled in the fetal position, clinging to her teddy bear.
“That’s where it went. How dare you search through my things!” Bethany tore the bear from her mother’s hands causing the seam to rip. She gathered it protectively in both arms, holding it tight to her chest.
Meredith’s sobs quieted. “I… I needed to be close to you. It’s the only thing that I could find.”
Bethany wanted to ask why she was huddled in here, but she refused to show her mother any sympathy. “Bye, Mother.”
There was a twinge of desperation in her mother’s eyes, as if she understood that this wasn’t a simple goodbye—But a final one.
When Bethany reached the door, her mother spoke in a broken sob, “Everything I did… I did it for you.”

***

“Where the hell is she? She said a minute but it’s been five minutes so far,” Robert said, falling back into the dark shadows alongside the house. His eyes never left the barn door in the distance. Its shape illuminated by light spilling through the cracks of every seam.
I know I beat him pretty good, but eventually he’s gonna get up and he’ll be pissed.
“I wonder if they keep a gun in the barn?” Robert’s mind raced trying to think if a normal farmer would do that, then he decided that these weren’t normal farmers.
Stepping from the shadows, Robert placed one foot on the back stairs. He was prepared to enter the house and drag Bethany from within when he heard the rustle of someone approaching.
With no time to return to his hiding place by the house, Robert ducked beside the stair railing and hoped the person didn’t want to enter the rear of the house. Down he crouched, his huge body barely hidden from sight. When he heard footsteps on the gravel driveway, he reached for his gun and felt the paper crinkle in his pocket.
I almost forgot about serving the custody papers. Robert reached past the papers and felt the cold butt of the gun in his shoulder holster. Slowly he withdrew it and brought it down by his side, out of sight.
The dark shape walked right past the house and headed for the barn. Robert could see the silhouette of a baseball bat resting on his shoulder.
Is that the boy coming back? But who’s the bat for, Bethany or his father? Robert decided it didn’t matter. They’d over stayed their welcome and it was time to get the hell out of there.

***

A few steps outside her mother’s bedroom door, Bethany paused, taking in a long deep breath. Maybe it was her mind playing tricks on her but she swore she heard Meredith whispering that she loved her.
Bethany held the teddy bear tight to her chest. She ran her fingers over the fur, checking all the seams. Satisfied that the bear’s contents were still intact, she started down the stairs. She only made it down a few steps when the frail voice called out for her.
“Bethany, dear, is that you?”
“Shit.” Bethany pictured Robert stationed outside the house waiting for her. She stopped on the stairs contemplating if she had enough time to say a quick goodbye. The fact that her grandmother was the only one who seemed to truly care for her, changed her mind. 
After climbing the few stairs, she turned down the hall and into her grandmother’s bedroom. “Grandma, why aren’t you sleeping?”
“I can’t fall asleep with so much on my mind.”
Bethany walked to the bedside and took a seat. She looked at her grandmother weighted down by the heavy sheets and swore she looked like a scrawny little kid. “Is it about seeing Father today?”
“That, and maybe more.” Helen placed her hand on Bethany’s arm.
“Like what?”
“You know I’m getting old, and I won’t be around forever.”
“Don’t talk like that, Grandma. You’ll be fine. You’ll live a long happy life here on the farm.”
She snorted. “The doctors don’t think so. They say I’m getting close to the big orchard in the sky.” She forced a laugh. “That’s lame, isn’t it?”
Bethany loved how down to earth her grandmother was. She only wished she could stay in her life, but not here, not on this farm.
“What did the doctors say, exactly?”
“It’s my heart, dear. One day somebody’s gonna give me a scare and I’ll literary drop dead.”
“No, you won’t.” Bethany kidded along.
“Actually, yes. Yes, I will. If it wasn’t for my pills, I’d have dropped dead many years ago. I’m just lucky I didn’t otherwise I would’ve missed out on this time with you.”
“I’m glad you feel that way, Grandma. I’ve enjoyed being here with you, too.” Bethany tucked the covers up around her grandmother’s neck and kissed her forehead. “Grandma, I have to go now. I’ll see you later, okay?”
“All right, I’ll see you in the morning.”
Bethany remained silent, refusing to lie.
“We can go pick up your father after lunch.”
Father’ll be home tomorrow. If I stay, I’ll have him and Grandma to love me, but if I go I’ll have the mother I’ve never had.
Rocked with indecision, Bethany slowly rose and left the room. Her mind swirled with questions as she walked through the house, but when she stepped out the back door into the fresh country air, she felt freedom from her previous life.
Chapter 29

A scream rose from the still night, shattering Bethany’s peace. It came from the direction of the barn, and she thought of Frank lying out there, then suddenly she placed the scream.
“Bryce?” she gasped.
“Come on, let’s go,” Robert said, popping up from the shadows and reaching for Bethany’s arm.
Bethany jumped, almost tumbling backwards into the door. “Don’t do that! What are you, stupid?”
“No, I’m hiding. I’ve been hiding for ten minutes waiting for someone with a shotgun to come out here and blow my ass away.”
“Oh, sorry.” Bethany suddenly realized how long she’d been inside. “I didn’t plan on taking so long, but my mother took my bear and I had to get it back from—”
“A bear?” Robert grabbed her arm and pulled her close. “You went back in there for a stupid bear?”
Bethany held it tight, thinking about all the treasures it held. She nodded her head, fighting to hold back her tears.
“Let’s go before they realize you’re gone.” Robert ushered Bethany down the stairs and raced across the back yard. They were near the old rusted tractor, which sank helplessly into the earth, when Bryce came running from the barn straight to the back door of the house.
“Shit!” Robert shoved Bethany behind the tractor. “Wait here.”
“Where are you going?” Bethany started to protest, but Robert held up his hand to silence her.
“I forgot something.” He reached into his pocket and withdrew the papers. When the door slammed shut, he hurried up the stairs and pulled the backing off the adhesive tape, then stuck the papers to the door.
Robert jumped down the stairs, landing with a thud on the hard ground below. He gathered himself up and dashed across the yard, back to the tractor.
Bethany was already standing when Robert arrived, then they started off into the black orchard. They weren’t past the first row of trees when the sound of a gun roared through the silence.
Stopping in her tracks, Bethany spun around to see the silhouette of her grandfather standing on the back porch with his shotgun raised to the sky.
“Get the hell off my property!” Grant screamed.
She watched him shift his attention to the papers stuck to the door. He glanced them over then stumbled down to the grass and fired the shotgun at the old tractor. The pellets ricocheted off the metal and whizzed wildly into the night air.
“Fuck!” Robert grabbed Bethany’s hand, and off they sped into the orchard. The trees whipped past at a frantic pace and Bethany couldn’t believe Robert’s agility. They ran flat out through the darkness.
Bethany struggled to keep up as Robert pulled her along. Her feet seemed to trip on everything, but somehow she managed to stay upright. The bear, which had gotten them into this mess, bounced wildly in her hand, flopping in the breeze and bringing up the rear.
“Slow down, Robert. I can’t keep up.”
“Keep going,” Robert panted, climbing the slight incline to the road. “The car’s just up ahead.”
“Where?” Bethany asked as they broke from the orchard and stood in the middle of the gravel road.
Robert looked around in surprise. “It’s right over…” He searched the road for the barn, then found it a hundred yards down the road to the left. “There!”
“I’m glad you remembered where you parked.”
“It’s dark. Someone’s shooting at me. And I’m tired. Give me a break, kid.”
Winded, they jogged down the road to the barn and disappeared inside. Bethany fought, trying to swing the heavy door open as Robert gathered the telescope and tossed it into the back seat.
The barn door was almost open when it wedged on the tire ruts and refused to budge. Bethany continued to fight with it as Robert closed his door and started the car.
“Get inside!”
“But it’s not open wide enough.”
“It’s fine.” Robert shook the steering wheel. “Just get in the car!”
Bethany hurried to the passenger side and yanked open the door. Quickly she dove inside and slammed it shut behind.
Robert wasted no time. He put the car in gear and squeezed through the barn door, scrapping the back quarter as he hurried out. The short drive on the abandoned laneway slowed them as the ruts and holes threatened to swallow the car.
As Robert turned onto the road, he flicked the switch and the headlights snapped to life. The bright lights of the high beams cut across the countryside, and immediately a flash exploded down in the ditch to their left. The sound was unmistakable.
“He’s still shooting at us!” Robert glanced in the mirror and saw the shadow, illuminated by the taillights, move onto the road. “What’s the matter with him?”
“He probably thinks you’re here to take his granddaughter away from him.”
Robert glanced over at Bethany then ignored her comment and tramped on the pedal. The car rocketed down the road as the second shot came from directly behind. Stuffing Bethany’s head down, Robert ducked and braced for the pellets to hit.
Bethany heard the shot rattle off the car and prayed it was nothing to slow them down. “Is the car okay?”
“It’s seen better days.” Robert felt her body shaking under his large hand. “But it’ll get us home.”
Home, Bethany thought. I wonder what home will be like.
Chapter 30

The orchard ended abruptly like a cliff giving way to water. The flat fields of young wheat tossed back and forth in the gentle breeze, lulling Bethany’s fears away. She sat back in the seat and felt her pounding heart slow until it was barely noticeable.
“Robert, I feel bad leaving my grandmother there alone.”
“She’s not alone.” He forced a smile. “Her whole family’s there with her.”
“It’s not that way. They’re not like a regular family.” Bethany looked over and waited until Robert made eye contact. “They’re not like a family at all.”
“I’m sorry, Bethany, I don’t know what to say. I couldn’t leave you there.”
“I know. As much as I hated that place, Helen made it almost bearable.”
“Your uncle seemed like a really nice guy, too?” Robert mumbled.
“Him, I could do without.” Bethany shivered at the thought of what he almost did to her. “Why would he do that to me?”
“Maybe he’s sick—or maybe he sniffs too many pesticides.”
“No, really? After all, I’m…” Bethany drifted off for a few seconds while the hum of the tires echoed through the car.
Robert reached out his hand and stroked her hair. “I’ve seen it all before. There doesn’t have to be a reason for their actions.”
Straightening in the seat, Bethany said, “No, he said something about it being all right if we weren’t family… He knew, that bastard knew and didn’t tell me who my real parents are.”
“I can tell you who your real parents are.”
“I know Linda’s my mother, but what about my father?”
“According to your birth certificate, Dan Rosehart is your father and Linda Taylor is your real mother. I can guarantee just by looking at the two of you, she’s your mother.”
“She does look a lot like me, doesn’t she? I mean, even from the photo I can see the resemblance.” Bethany snatched the teddy bear from the seat and fumbled with the tiny zipper sewn between the legs.
Robert watched as she opened the hidden compartment and pulled the crumpled photo of Linda from within. Twenty dollar bills flowed, spilling out onto her lap and Robert shook his head, holding back his laughter.
“She ruined the picture. Can you believe it? She crumpled the picture and ruined it?” Bethany looked to Robert for understanding and couldn’t believe he sat there so smugly with a big smile pasted on his big head.
“It’s not funny. Why are you smiling like that? She ruined my only picture of my mother and you find that funny?”
“What’s funny is the fact that your teddy bear seems to have a serious problem of monetary diarrhea.” Robert snickered and snuck another look at the pile of bills covering Bethany’s lap.
“What?”
“Your bear’s shitting money out his ass.”
Bethany looked at the money then at her hiding compartment. The bitterness disappeared from her face and her lips almost reached to a smile. “You know what? After all the years I’ve had this bear, I just realized how inappropriate the zipper location is.”
“Yeah,” Robert broke into laughter, “your bear’s a mule.”
Bethany’s eyes narrowed. She stared at the big man beside her as he laughed uncontrollably. Mule? What the hell is he talking about?
Robert swiped at his eyes. “What, you don’t know what a mule is?”
“Of course I know.”
“A mule is a person who smuggles stuff up their… um, behind. Usually it’s drugs, although I did see this one guy hide his money up there.”
“That’s really sick,” Bethany said.
“I’m sorry, but in my line of work I’ve seen it all.”
“But wouldn’t the money smell?”
“Not if you stuff it in a rubber balloon.”
Bethany stacked the bills then folded them into a tight package and sat looking at the bear, spread-eagle on her lap. “You do realize, every time I put something into this thing, I’m gonna have that disgusting image pop into my head,” she said, stuffing the wad of bills inside.
“No, no. I don’t wanna do it. What if they catch me?” Robert snickered and lowered his voice. “Shut up and bend over. Stop clenching your cheeks. You’re not making this any easier.”
Bethany fought not to laugh at Robert’s poor ventriloquism act. Quickly she zipped the compartment and sat the bear on the seat beside.
“It hurts when I sit. Ooh, ooh, it feels like I have to poo.”
Bethany slapped Robert on the arm, then laid the bear down on its back. “There, satisfied?”
“Me? It’s not me. It’s the mule.”
“You get that kind of work being a private investigator?”
“No.”
Bethany stared at Robert who seemed content with the one word answer. “Oh god, don’t tell me I have to drag everything out of you one word at a time.”
“Sorry, that’s one of my faults.” Robert looked over and made eye contact. “So they tell me.”
Bethany watched Robert straighten in his seat. He drew a large breath like he was preparing to do battle with an enemy. Well, maybe the enemy’s locked inside him?
“I used to be a cop before I started my own agency. We had a little falling out at the station.”
“So… did they fire you or did you quit?”
Robert chuckled. “I left on my own. I questioned a few cases that didn’t sit well with me, then I found I couldn’t stand to step foot in that place again.”
“So, you quit then.”
“Let’s just say I retired early.”
“But you miss it, don’t you?”
“I’d be lying if I said I didn’t.”
“Then why not move to another city and work there?”
“I can’t.”
“Oh, are we back to those answers again?”
“I just can’t!” Robert barked loudly.
Bethany knew the subject was closed. She reached up and switched the overhead map light on, then flattened the picture and held it close under the light.
“Look. She put a crease right through her face. I’ll bet she did this on purpose.”
“I’ll bet if she knew the photo was inside she’d have ripped it up and taken the money and ran.”
“I guess you’re right. She couldn’t have known it was in there. But still, she should never have taken my bear in the first place.”
“Why did she have it anyway?”
“Who knows? I found her hiding under her sheets, curled up like a little baby holding my teddy bear in her arms.”
“Really?”
“Yeah, really. I swear that woman’s crazy.”
Bethany watched as Robert tapped his index finger on his nose, and she wondered if this was an unconscious act.
Did I hit it on the nose? Maybe you know more about her than you’re letting on. Or maybe I’m reading too much into this?
Bethany settled against the door and closed her eyes. She forced herself to forget the mother she left behind and to start thinking about her new mother—the one who’ll be waiting with open arms when she returns home.
She will be waiting for me, won’t she?
Chapter 31

Bethany watched in horror as Meredith stormed through the front door of their old house. She had Grant’s shotgun clenched in her hands and was waving it wildly in the air.
“I want my baby back. I want my baby back, now!”
Suddenly her new mother jumped in front, shielding Bethany from the crazed woman. “You’ll never take her away from me as long as I live,” she said.
The gun exploded and Bethany jerked awake. Her eyes were wide as she looked around the car, realizing it had only been a nightmare.
Robert patted her leg and gave a questioning look. “We’re almost there. Go back to sleep and I’ll wake you when we’re close.”
Bethany took his advice and closed her eyes, hoping the image would be gone. Happily the darkness wiped the slate clean. She struggled, trying to imagine the house which she’ll be living in.
Hopefully it won’t be like the last one. But, she couldn’t expect it to be anything like their first house, so Bethany settled on an average house—Something like Ryan’s.
Ryan… I’ll get to see him again. It’s been so long since I’ve held him. How could I let him slip from my mind so freely over these last days?
Bethany considered everything she’d been through and realized a boyfriend didn’t mean that much compared to finding her real mother.
When the speed dropped and the car pitched to the side, Bethany knew they were getting off the highway. Up she popped, looking out at the welcome sign for London. She couldn’t believe how good it felt to be back in the city. A flood of emotions came to the surface and she quickly checked them away.
Now’s not the time to lose it. I’ll be needing those tears when I wrap my arms around my mother for the first time.
“Look at that, you’re just like my old dog.” Robert glanced over at Bethany as he pulled to the stoplight. “He’d be sleeping, then when we’d get off the highway he’d jump right up like he’d never missed a thing.”
“Where does my mother live?”
“London.”
Bethany tilted her head and stared Robert down.
“Sorry, Horton Street. Linda’s staying at her mother’s place.”
“Mother?” Bethany bounced in the seat, clenching her fists together. “So I have another grandmother?”
“Actually, had another grandmother. Natalie Taylor passed away three months ago.”
“Oh…” Bethany’s thoughts drifted away. “Robert, I wonder if she was anything like Helen.”
“I’m sure she was.” Robert’s eyes narrowed and the muscle in his jaw flexed. “She would’ve been happy to have you back.”
“I still don’t understand why Linda would give me away. Why would she let them raise me without ever telling me the truth?”
“True, Meredith isn’t your biological mother, but you’ll learn that a blood link doesn’t always mean a love link.”
Bethany considered his advice. “You know what, Robert. You read too many women’s magazines.”
“What? I came up with that one myself.”
“I wouldn’t brag about that. It sounded like something from Ann Landers.”
“She does have some good advice.”
Bethany watched the street signs go past and realized they should be getting close. “So, is this the last time I’ll see you? Or will you keep stalking me for the rest of my life?”
“I’ll do it for as long as your mother pays me.”
“No, really.” Bethany stared intently at Robert. “Am I just a job to you or will you keep in touch?”
“I have to admit this isn’t a common case I handle. Usually people hire me to track down someone who’s gone missing or runaway. Or to check on an unfaithful spouse, or simply gathering information about someone suspicious. So, when I get a case like yours it’s refreshing but also harder than normal. I can’t help but become attached to someone like you.”
“The fact you like my mother doesn’t influence your decision?” Bethany smiled when she saw Robert flinch.
“Will you please wipe that notion from your mind?”
“It’s true, I can tell. You’re worse than the boys at my school when a new girl arrives. They get all sappy and chase her around begging for her attention.”
“Where’d you get this idea from?”
Bethany waved the photo in the air, and Robert could only shake his head in disbelief.
“Promise me you’ll keep that picture hidden safely away from Linda.”
“You really think she’d care?”
“It’s not something I’m proud of doing.”
“What, being human? I think it’s great that you like her. You should tell her how you feel.”
“I’m past all that kind of stuff.”
“How can you be past it?”
“I’ve had it all before and it’s gone now.”
“Where?”
“Look,” Robert said, changing the subject. “Horton Street. I guess we’re home.”
The butterflies in Bethany’s stomach made her lose her train of thought. This is it. The first day of my new life. A new mother. A new house. A new beginning.
“That’s the house over there,” Robert said, pointing across the street at the two-story home.
“This is a good neighbourhood, right?”
Bethany soaked up every detail of the home, but it was the old wooden chair perched on the front porch that caught her attention. She tried to picture her grandmother sitting in that chair, watching for her to arrive home tonight, but the image was only that of Helen, frail and lonely.
“Bethany, are you coming?” Robert stood holding her door open, waiting for her to snap out of her thought.
“Oh, yes.” Tucking the photo in her pocket and grabbing her teddy bear by the arm, she climbed out into the fresh night air. “You think she’ll still be awake?”
“I don’t think it’ll matter if she’s asleep or not.” Robert led Bethany by the arm across the street and up the front sidewalk. “Nervous?”
“A little.”
“Well, don’t be. Linda’s been looking forward to this for… years.”
Bethany stopped on the porch, inches from the front door. Her life was about to take a turn and suddenly Bethany wasn’t sure she was buckled in for the ride. She watched Robert’s finger depress the doorbell and felt the bile rise in her throat. The sound of the bell echoed through her head, threatening to deafen her until the shrill scream broke her trance.
“Jasmine!” The footsteps raced toward the door then her mother fumbled with the locks. “Jasmine, you’re home.”
The door flew open and Linda lunged over the threshold, wrapping her arms around Bethany and squeezing with every ounce of strength she had. Her body shook with sobs of happiness as she released her death grip and held Bethany’s face in her hands.
“Jasmine, you’re here. You’re finally back home! I’ve missed you so much.”
Bethany stared at her mother’s image. It was one she knew well. The same one she saw in the mirror every day. “Mother… I’m home?”
Chapter 32

“Come in, come in. Make yourself at home,” Linda said giddily. “What am I saying, this is your home.”
She grasped Bethany’s hands tightly and pulled her over to the couch. “Sit, sit, let me get a good look at you.”
Bethany looked over to Robert for some help. She didn’t know if this was Linda’s normal behaviour or if this was the excitement taking over.
“Mother—”
“Mother? Oh, please don’t call me that. That sounds dreadful. It sounds so uptight. It sounds like you’re not worthy. Please call me Mommy,” Linda pleaded.
“Okay, Mommy, but could you call me Bethany instead of Jasmine?” She watched as the words struck hard. They seemed to slice deep into her mother’s heart.
“Oh… Oh, you don’t like the name I picked out for you?”
Robert took a step closer. “Linda, remember our discussion about this.”
Linda nodded and frowned like a little child.
Bethany felt the rift growing and decided to show her mother how grown up she was. “Mommy, I guess it’d be all right if you called me by my real name.”
Linda’s face brightened, returning to her previous mood. She rubbed Bethany’s hands between hers. “Really?”
“Yes.”
“Because I named you after the flower.” Linda glanced over at Robert and smiled before returning her attention to Bethany. “Ever since I was a little girl, each birthday I would wake up and there would be a bouquet of jasmine sitting on the dining room table. It wasn’t long before I decided that I’d name my daughter after this beautiful flower.”
Wow, and I thought Meredith had some pretty bad mood swings. What do they say, outta the frying pan and into the fire?
“When I first set eyes on you, after the doctor pulled you kicking and screaming from my womb, I swore that your milky white skin was like the bouquet of jasmine waiting back in my hospital room. I never even hesitated for a second before I chanted your name to the room full of nurses. Every one of them agreed wholeheartedly that the name suited you.”
Bethany eyed Robert, who was standing a safe distance away, observing their reunion. She wondered if he was sticking around to make sure they got along or if he was hoping to spend some time with Linda.
“Maybe it was fate the way you were brought into this world,” Linda’s tears glistened in the overhead light, “or maybe it was destiny that we share the bond of blood.”
“Speaking about blood relations.” Bethany straightened. “I was wondering if you could tell me all about Father and why you gave me away?”
“Oh, my.” Linda loosened her grip on Bethany’s hands. “Why would you want to dive into all those horrid details? We’ve just reconciled our relationship. I promise I don’t have anything to hide from you, but I don’t think tonight is the time for us to discuss the past. We should look to the future and hold onto our dreams for tonight.”
Bethany pulled her hands free and inched back from her mother. “I have to know one thing. Who’s my father? Is it Dan Rosehart or is it someone else?”
Linda’s face hardened and lost some colour. She scoffed then erupted with laughter at the question. “Of course Dan’s your father. Who else would it be?”
Although her mother’s reaction was a little off beat, Bethany felt her words were the truth. “I… I don’t know, but the mother I knew turned out to be an imposter, so why not my father, too?”
Linda glanced to Robert as if for support. “What happened was so long ago.”
“I’m only fifteen! It wasn’t that long ago.”
“I wish I could’ve been there for you, but—”
“Wishes are cheap, Mother!” Bethany watched the reaction to her last word. It was like a slap in the face.
Linda recoiled and her tears broke free. “I know what I did was wrong, but it was in your best interest.”
“Tell me what you did.” Bethany stood, gazing down on Linda’s slumping body. “For god sake, tell me why you gave away your only daughter!”
“Bethany,” Robert said, coming closer and placing a hand on her shoulder. “This isn’t the right time. I know how desperate you are to learn everything but this isn’t going to help anything.”
“But Robert, she knows?”
Lowering his voice to a harsh whisper, Robert knelt before her and spoke, “She knows and she’ll tell you everything you want to know, but not tonight. I think the best thing tonight is for everyone to get some sleep.”
Bethany thought over his words, realizing how exhausted she was. I wonder if I’m just tired, or if it’s the stress of the day, or if I really hate this woman for what she’s done B Betrayed me.
“I guess you’re right. I’m not acting like myself. Maybe some sleep would help?”
“I know this is hard on you, and I’m here to make this situation better, so I’ll offer you to stay here tonight, or—”
“Or nothing!” Linda shouted, jumping to her feet. “Jasmine’s home and she’s going to stay at home with me.”
“Linda, hear me out. This isn’t your decision.”
“Not my decision? Not my decision!” Linda stomped around the room, stopping in front of Robert and stared up into his face. “Who do you think you are?”
Robert turned his attention from Linda to Bethany. “Or… you can stay at my place tonight if you don’t feel comfortable here.” Robert turned back to Linda. “Right?”
Linda’s nostrils flared and her chest heaved as she fought to intimidate the towering giant before her, but Robert stood his ground, unfazed. Bethany thought they looked like a couple of lovers having a spat.
“You two should get a room and get it over with.”
“What?” they both said in chorus. Their eyes darted over to Bethany, who struggled to hold her laughter.
“You heard me, I said you should get a room and work out your pent up tensions.”
Linda’s jaw dropped. “Are you suggesting what I think you’re suggesting?”
“Don’t play dumb with me. Besides, Robert likes you.”
Robert’s eyes burned into Bethany’s for a second until Linda turned to him. “You do?”
“I do?” Robert asked Bethany as his eyes narrowed and his lips tightened to a thin line.
“Of course you do, why else would you take…” Bethany paused and played on his fear of the photo. “…the time to stay so long.”
She giggled as Robert exhaled. He actually looked like he might pass out.
“To make sure you don’t become a pain in the ass.” Robert shoved past Linda and advanced on Bethany. “Are you staying or are you coming with me?”
Bethany glanced over at her mother and saw the fear in her eyes. “I think I’ll be fine here. You go home and have some pleasant dreams.”
Robert shook his head, turned and walked to the front door. “If either of you need me, I’ll be at home sleeping. So if you call, it’d better be important.”
When the door slammed shut, Bethany looked across the room at the mother she longed to know hours ago, but now she wasn’t so anxious.
“I guess it’s just you and me, Jasmine. Why don’t we get you settled in your new bedroom? Grab your suit—” Linda glanced to the front door.
“No suitcase,” Bethany said, shrugging her shoulders. “We had to leave a little unexpectedly. It was either pack my clothes or get away without being shot.”
“Shot? Who was shooting, Robert?” Linda took Bethany’s hand and escorted her up the stairs.
“Grandpa—I mean Grant.”
“Grant Rosehart?” Linda’s nostrils flared as her grip tightened.
Chapter 33

“Well,” Linda asked, “what do you think?” She threw open the bedroom door, exposing the outdated decorations covering the walls and shelves.
Bethany paused slightly on the threshold then recovered and entered the room. The room reminded her of an old sitcom show. Outdated posters covered the walls and knickknacks that she’d never seen before, sat on the desk. Bethany glanced from one poster to the next but she didn’t recognize any of the people.
“It’s nice,” Bethany said, biting her tongue. “Who’s that guy in the poster over the bed?”
“Don’t tell me you don’t know who he is. Sure the poster’s old, but really.”
“I really don’t know.” Bethany walked around the room, looking at everything on display.
“It doesn’t matter. Soon you’ll be hanging your own posters on these walls.”
“This was your old bedroom?” Bethany plopped down on the side of the bed and watched the dust rise from the comforter. She picked up the photo beside the bed and stared hard at the faces. After a quick wipe with her hand, Bethany gasped at the sight.
“You’re a—”
“Twin? Yes, identical.”
“What’s her name?”
A look of pain flashed across Linda’s face. She paused, swallowing hard. “Laura.”
Holding the photo closer to her face, Bethany searched for any difference between them. “I can’t tell who’s who.”
Linda walked over and grasped the photo. “That’s me on the right… Oh, no, that’s me on the left. Sorry, I guess we do look identical.”
“Does she live in London?”
Linda’s face turned white. “No, she’s with your grandmother.”
“But, Robert said your mother was dead?”
Linda nodded and sat down beside her.
Bethany felt her world collapsing. This was supposed to be her happiest day, being reunited with her long lost mother. But, finding out that the rest of her family had passed away before she even had a chance to meet them, was horrific. She tried to imagine what it would’ve been like having an identical version of her mother in her life.
“She died shortly after you were born. Mamma was heartbroken. She said it wasn’t the way for twins to be. You know, separated in life.” Linda ran her finger over her sister’s image. “It almost feels like a part of me died with her. Like I changed.” Linda laughed. “Actually, everyone said I started to act more like her as the days passed. Apparently, even you noticed a change in me.”
“I did?” Bethany climbed from the bed and walked to the window. “How long was I with you before you shipped me off to Meredith and Father?”
“Please, Jasmine, no more questions tonight. Let’s concentrate on building our future.”
“but—”
“No, buts. I promise I’ll tell you everything I know and I’ll answer all your questions, but give me two days.”
Bethany turned from the window and studied her tearful mother sitting on the bed, holding the photo. “Why two days?”
“I want a chance for us to get to know each other for a couple of days before we discuss the past.”
“Why?” Bethany took two steps closer.
“In case you decide what I did was wrong.” Linda dabbed her eyes with a tissue. “Maybe you won’t want to stay here with me but at least I’ll have two days to try and change your mind.”
Bethany thought this over and wondered what could be so terrible that would drive her away from here and back to—Back to where?
“I guess I can settle on two days.” Bethany watched the reaction on Linda’s face and realized they’d both won. Her mother had gotten her extension and Bethany got a few days before some ugly truth would no doubt shatter her world again.
“Great,” Linda jumped from the bed and met Bethany halfway across the room, “tomorrow we can start by going to the salon. We’ll get manicures, facials, and you could use a good trim on those ends.”
Bethany pulled a few strands of hair forward and studied them. “I… guess, but I just had a cut last month.”
“Let me guess, that discount shop downtown?”
“I’ve always gone there. I think they do a good job.”
“Sometimes good just isn’t good enough. Tomorrow we’ll go to my stylist and get you a real trim. Just wait until you meet Francis. He’s the best around here. God knows he’s not a great stylist like in New York, but he’ll get us through.”
“New York?”
“Oh, I took a trip there once,” Linda said nonchalantly.
“How long were you there?”
Linda’s jaw dropped. “I just realized no suitcase means no clothes. Come with me.”
Bethany followed Linda down the hall and into the large front bedroom. The room looked newer and fresher than the one she was given, and her eyes darted from the dark-cherry bedroom set to the boxes packed in the corner.
“This is my room. I’m in the middle of redecorating.” Linda opened a drawer and dug through her clothes.
“Was this… Grandma’s room?”
Linda nodded slightly, so slightly that Bethany had to assume the motion of her head was in response to her question and not some involuntary spasm.
“Here, look at this. I’ll bet it’ll fit you.” Linda held up a silk night shirt and bottoms. “I picked these up in… Oh, I can’t remember, but just feel the quality of the material. They don’t sell this stuff at Walmart.”
Walking toward the dresser, Bethany’s eyes remained glued on the objects poking out of the boxes. She felt drawn to the porcelain statue, staring directly at her. How she wanted to drop to the floor and spread every item out, then examine each one that had meant so much to someone she’d never know.
“Jasmine, never mind that junk. Here, try these on… Jasmine?”
Bethany knelt down and pulled the statue from the box. She blew the dust from its face and marvelled at the detailed facial expression. “It’s beautiful.”
“Yes, I suppose it is, but it’s not a Royal Doulton, now is it?”
“A what?”
“God, didn’t they teach you anything about fine art and craftsmanship.”
“Maybe you should’ve dumped me with different parents.”
“Maybe your grandma should never have cheapened her collection with trash like that.”
Bethany narrowed her eyes. She felt that same feeling well up inside again. “Can I take the box to my room and look through it?”
“Sure, that’s the stuff I was going to drop off at the shelter, anyway.”
“But this is Grandma’s stuff.” Bethany defensively picked the box from the floor and held it tight. The dust stirred and she had to fight the urge to sneeze.
“Yes, but we have to clear out the old stuff and make room for the new.” Linda balled the pyjamas up and stuffed them into the box. “Wait until we have to clear out her library.”
“She has a library?”
“In her way it was a library, but it’s nothing more than a ton of worthless paperbacks rotting away in the small room downstairs.”
“Can I see it?”
“Not tonight, Jasmine, it’s late. Now go try on the pyjamas and I’ll come and tuck you in, in a few minutes.”
Tucked in? Wow, Meredith never tucked me in.
Chapter 34

“Ryan,” Bethany said the moment she opened her eyes. He’d been the main subject in her dream last night and the lingering effect kept her mind focussed on him. She made a mental note to give him a call first thing this morning. First thing, after breakfast. Her mouth watered just thinking about the breakfast Helen prepared every day, but those aromas weren’t filling this house and Bethany doubted if it would be waiting for her when she went downstairs.
Climbing from the bed, she still couldn’t believe she was living a different life today.
How much turmoil can I take?
Passing the washroom, Bethany heard the water running and suddenly realized she needed a shower. Her hair felt stringy, and her skin felt oily and dirty. She recounted the last few days realizing there hadn’t been any time to waste on the luxury of showering.
Down the stairs she went, straight to the kitchen. Her stomach growled when she opened the fridge and saw only the basic necessities. After pulling the carton of milk from the shelf, she searched the cupboard for some cereal.
“Not much here,” Bethany muttered.
“Well, I’ve been busy searching for you.” Bethany jumped, almost dropping the carton. She turned to see Linda standing in the hallway, wrapped in a silk housecoat, towelling her hair.
“Sorry, Mommy, I didn’t mean it that way.”
“Don’t be sorry. We’ll go shopping today and you can pick out all your favourites.” Linda walked past Bethany and opened the lower cupboard, displaying the few breakfast items. “You’ll have to make do with one of these for today.”
“Thanks.” Bethany selected a box and set it on the table. “Mommy, I was thinking about inviting Ryan over today.”
Linda looked perplexed. “Ryan?”
“Oh, he’s my boyfriend. At least he was before Meredith took me away. He’s probably wondering what happened to me.”
Linda pulled two bowls down and motioned to the utensil drawer. “Aren’t you a little young to have a boyfriend?” 
Bethany followed the finger then suddenly realized what she meant. Opening the drawer, she retrieved two spoons. “I don’t think so. Besides how old were you when you had your first boyfriend?”
“I don’t know?” The blank look on Linda’s face seemed sincere.
Bethany scoffed. “What do you mean, you don’t know? You have to know when you first fell in love.”
Linda’s eyes searched around the room. She appeared to be looking for that particular memory from her life, but her answer came back the same.
“That’s typical, condemn me for my actions. The least you could do is have the decency to lie about how old you were instead of giving me that lame answer.”
Linda’s face flushed and her hands shook. She slammed the bowl down and Bethany jumped. “I said I don’t remember! Why can’t you accept that?”
Forced to look away from Linda’s glare, Bethany glanced at the bowl, expecting it to be shattered into a dozen pieces, but it wasn’t.
“I’m sorry, Mommy, but I… I can’t imagine forgetting about Ryan.”
Linda took a few deep breaths and sat down. She dumped the cereal into both bowls and waited as Bethany took her seat and pour the milk. “So, tell me about this boyfriend of yours.”
“Well, we’ve been seeing each other for six months. He’s really nice and he didn’t mind that I lived in that neighbourhood.”
“Ah, that neighbourhood.” Linda rolled her eyes. “It didn’t look too good when I drove past. They must’ve lost all their money.”
“Yeah, when Father went to prison we had to sell that big house and then Meredith moved us into that dump.”
“Meredith,” Linda laughed, “she always was a little strange. Not dangerous, but eccentric at times. Do you remember how she would dress up when she went out to that country club? I mean really, who was she trying to fool.”
“You were there?”
“Not there at the club, but around. I tried to keep an eye on you whenever I could. You have to admit you had it pretty good for the first few years.”
Bethany stirred her cereal, watching as it soaked up the milk. “I guess it wasn’t too bad. I only wish Father hadn’t gone to prison, then we’d still have that nice house and we’d still be a family.”
“But then you wouldn’t have me.” Linda looked heartbroken. “Now would you?”
Bethany smiled at her mother’s reaction. “I guess I can trade it all just to have my mother back.”
“Thank you, Jasmine.”
Jasmine… Why can’t she just call me Bethany like everyone else? Why is she so insistent on that name? Besides, I’ll never use it outside this house.
After breakfast was done, Bethany rinsed her bowl and headed down the hall. She passed the closed door of the library, then made her way into the outdated front room. When Linda retreated upstairs to get dressed, she decided it was a good time to call Ryan. She searched the front room, finding the phone on the corner table.
“I’m using the phone, okay?” Bethany waited for a response but received none. Her fingers raced over the number pad, entering them from memory. After ringing a few times, the line clicked and took on a hollow sound. Ten rings later, Bethany finally gave up hope that Ryan was home.
“I wonder where he’s at?” Bethany mumbled, setting the handset back into the base. “Maybe he’s gone out with his friends,” she stifled a laugh, “or maybe he’s over at my old house pounding on the door.”
Or maybe he’s found someone else, since his girlfriend disappeared without saying goodbye.
A moment later, Linda came bustling down the stairs with a huge grin on her face. She looked like a woman who had just won the lottery, and Bethany assumed her good mood was due to their reunion.
“You ready to go shopping?” Linda asked, grabbing her purse from the closet.
“Sure, I guess so. Just let me go and get cleaned up first.” Bethany looked back at the telephone. “I don’t seem to have any plans for today.”
“Great, then it’s just the two of us shopping till we drop, or until I run out of money.”
Wow, she’s acting different. More like a sister than a mother. I think I can actually get used to this side of her.
“Maybe you can try Ryan again when we get back.” Linda flashed a smile. “If you’d like, we could all go out to dinner.”
Bethany thought back to the strange click on the phone line and wondered if Linda had picked up the extension.
“How do you know Ryan’s not home?”
Linda’s face flushed. “It’s obvious. You’d be begging to see him if he was.”
“I guess.”
“And since you weren’t jumping around when I came downstairs, I figured he must be out.” Linda set her purse down on the table and gave Bethany an impatient look. “Now hurry upstairs and get ready.”
Bethany stopped halfway up the stairs and turned back toward Linda. She was going to ask about the hollow sound on the line, but Linda shooed her away. Realizing it would get her nowhere, Bethany turned and headed for the top floor.
“Yeah, yeah, I’m going.” It’s all about you, isn’t it?
Chapter 35

Bethany waited in the driveway, while Linda disappeared into the garage. She watched intently as the big door slowly raised, revealing the shiny red car inside. This was a definite improvement over Meredith’s old blue car.
“Wow,” Bethany said, staring in awe.
Linda pulled up beside and lowered the window. “Wow’s right. It’s a Nissan. This thing is fully loaded. It’s the best one they had on the lot.”
“Is it brand-new?”
Linda nodded. “Just got it last month. I’ve always wanted a new car but I could never afford it.”
“And now you can?”
“Let’s just say, for every bad thing life tosses you, there’s bound to be a few good things that come with it.”
“Oh,” Bethany finally realized where the money had come from. “So you got the money from Grandma?”
“Some, and some from the insurance company.”
“How much?” Bethany thought about the five thousand dollars Linda had already given her.
“Enough?” Linda said. “Now get in so we can leave.”
Bethany slid into the seat and closed the door hard. “Sorry, Meredith’s car door is harder to close.” She shifted in the soft leather seat and ran a finger over the controls on the arm rest. “You know that smell the new cars have?”
“Yeah.” Linda inhaled deeply as she backed out onto the road. “It’s great, isn’t it? I wish it could last forever.”
“It’s toxic. From all the glue and sealers they make the car with.” Bethany laughed when Linda stopped her deep breathing exercise and exhaled quickly.
“How would you know?” Linda narrowed her eyes, stealing a few quick glances over at Bethany. “They wouldn’t sell me a toxic car.”
“I’m just telling you what they told us at school.”
Linda took a small sniff. “They’re probably wrong.” She took another sniff. “I hope.”
“So where are we going first?” Bethany asked as she fiddled with the air vents.
“First we have to get you some new clothes, then we’ll get you a new hair style, then some shoes, then…” Linda tapped her finger on the steering wheel.
“Then what?”
“We should stop by Robert’s office and make sure everything’s on schedule for the custody hearing.”
“Hearing? Why do we need a hearing?” Bethany felt her heart race at the thought of being sent to live with Meredith. “I thought you had everything straightened out with the judge?”
“It’s just a simple little meeting with the judge. He wants to make sure that you’re happy with the new arrangements.”
“Oh, so if I wasn’t happy then what would he do?”
“What do you mean? You’re not happy being back home with your mother?”
“No, I didn’t mean it like that. It’s just, what would happen if he didn’t think this was the best place for me to be? Would he send me back to the farm with Meredith?”
“Never! I’ll never let that happen again.”
“Again?”
“I didn’t mean again. I meant I’d never let them take you away from me.” Linda turned the corner and sped down to the main intersection. “Let’s slip past his office on our way downtown.”
“Sure, I wouldn’t mind seeing him again. I think he’s kinda nice.”
“Yes, Robert seems pleasant, but I didn’t hire him for that reason.”
“You hired him because he’s cute and single?” Bethany watched for a reaction from Linda, but her face remained serious.
“No, I hired him because he’s dangerous.”
“Robert, dangerous? Come on, I’ve spent a little time with him and I know he’s not dangerous.”
“I didn’t mean dangerous in that way.” Linda rolled her eyes. “I meant that if he needs to push someone on a case, he’ll push them right off the edge.”
Bethany gave Linda a curious look. She wondered what Robert had done in the past to get a bad reputation. Suddenly Bethany remembered Robert said he used to be a cop.
“Let me guess,” Bethany turned, now full of interest. “Robert did something bad while he was a police officer. That’s why he quit and now works as an investigator.”
“Maybe? I honestly don’t know all the details. All that mattered to me was to find someone who would do exactly as I asked them to.”
“And Robert takes his orders from you?”
Linda nodded, smiling widely as she sped the car around the corner, hugging close to the curb. Robert’s office was dark. It was hard to tell if anybody was inside, but as they pulled to a stop out front, Linda spotted Robert’s car in the rear parking lot.
“You wait here,” Linda said. She popped her door open and started to climb out.
“But…” Bethany pulled on her door handle and opened her door, too.
“Jasmine, wait in the car. I’ll only be a few minutes.”
“But, what if Meredith comes here looking for me? What if she takes me away again?” Bethany knew there was little chance of that, but she wanted to see Robert again.
“Fine, come inside,” Linda climbed out and headed to the door, “but you’ll have to wait in the waiting room.”
Bethany looked around the street nervously, playing up her role. “At least I’ll feel safer in there.”
Linda walked through the waiting room and peeked into his office. “Robert?”
“Oh, Linda, come in. I’ve got some things to discuss with you.”
“Wait out here, Jasmine, while we talk,” Linda said, turning and blocking the doorway.
“No.” Robert locked eyes with Linda. “She needs to hear everything.”
After a slight pause, Linda gave in. “Fine.”
Bethany followed her mother’s lead into the room and took a seat before the big desk.
“Hi, Robert. You sleep good last night?” Bethany looked at his worn face and wondered if he even went to bed at all.
“As a matter of fact, I didn’t. I had a few visitors.” Robert closed his eyes and massaged his temples.
“Meredith?” Linda gasped.
“No, that I could handle and still sleep soundly.”
“I’ll bet it was the police,” Bethany said, leaning forward in the chair.
Robert nodded then took a sip from his coffee. “I’m sorry, would you like a cup?”
“Never mind the coffee,” Linda slid forward, matching Bethany’s position, “what did the police want?”
“We discussed my method of extracting the subject from their possession.”
“Subject? I’m not a subject, I’m a person, remember?”
Robert shook his head and continued. “They didn’t like the way I stuck the papers on the back door.”
“So what?” Linda flumped back into the chair. “They got the papers.”
“I was supposed to hand deliver the papers to Meredith.”
Linda raised an eyebrow. “I don’t see what the big deal is.”
“It wasn’t done correctly.”
“You can’t be serious. They can’t take her back for that.”
Robert nodded. “Normally they would, but after I explained the whole story they decided to let it slide this time.”
“Whole story? Did you tell me the whole story?”
Robert exchanged a glance with Bethany. “Yes.”
“Well, what did you tell them to change their minds?”
“I showed them the bullet holes in the back of my car.” Robert took another sip of coffee and held onto the cup. “They talked with the local police and after a little investigation, Meredith decided I did hand deliver the papers, after all.”
Bethany smiled and relaxed in the chair. She was relieved that Linda didn’t know about the incident in the barn.
“Good, good.” Linda stood and waited for Bethany to follow suit. “Just make out your bill and drop it off. Any price is worth getting Jasmine back.”
Robert cringed. “Speaking about money.” He reached into his desk and pulled out the gift box that he’d forgotten to deliver. “Sorry, there was too much going on last night.”
Bethany’s face lit up when she saw the gift. “Thank you, Robert.”
“Oh, it’s not from me.” Robert tipped his head toward Linda. “It’s from your mother.”
“Oh, of course.” Bethany’s smile faded as she opened the box and pulled out more money. “Thanks, Mommy.”
“I didn’t know what to get you, so I gave you the next best thing.”
“Well at least I can use it when we go shopping.” Bethany followed her mother to the door.
“Linda.” Robert climbed from the chair and trailed them into the waiting room. “Judge Peabody wants to see you and Bethany in his chambers at two o’clock.”
“Two o’clock doesn’t fit.” Linda waved him off. “We’ll be at the salon then.”
“Don’t mess with him, Linda. Two o’clock, be there or be prepared to give up custody of Bethany.”
Her face turned bright red. “Jasmine. Her name’s Jasmine!” Linda stormed out pulling Bethany behind.
Chapter 36

“Judge Peabody will see you now,” the secretary announced across the small waiting room.
Linda looked clearly upset. Maybe it was from the meeting, or the fact she had to cancel her salon appointment, but Bethany hoped Linda wouldn’t say anything to upset the judge.
“It’s all right,” Bethany said, “he just wants to talk.” She took hold of Linda’s hand, trying to create the illusion of a happy family. “He probably just wants to make sure we’re happy.” 
“You are happy,” Linda looked close to tears, “aren’t you?”
Bethany smiled. “Happier than yesterday.”
“Well, that’s the important thing.” Linda stood slowly, pulling Bethany behind.
“It’s important that you’re happy too, Mommy.”
“Me, why wouldn’t I be happy? I have my daughter back.” They crossed the room and approached the large door.
Bethany smiled, but it soon faded when they crossed the threshold of the chamber. The sight of the old, withered man behind the desk caused Bethany to hesitate. His face looked like a cheap rubber mask, one formed with a huge frown.
“Come in, come in,” Judge Peabody said impatiently. “Have a seat. I don’t have all day for your shenanigans.”
Bethany couldn’t help but giggle as his choice of words gurgled from deep in his chest.
“Well, Bethany, you look happy,” Judge Peabody said, leaning on his elbows and stretching his frown into a smile.
“Actually,” Linda interrupted, “we’re going to call her Jasmine, from now on.”
Judge Peabody hesitated before turning to address Linda. “Is that right?”
Bethany nodded and he turned back to face her.
“Okay, Jasmine, I just have a few questions for you.” The judge settled back into his chair. “Linda, would you mind waiting outside while we talk?”
Linda looked devastated and Bethany thought she was going to refuse his request, but then she silently stood and left the room, closing the door behind her.
Judge Peabody opened his desk drawer and set a candy dish in front of Bethany. “Who would you prefer to stay with? Linda or your father?”
“I get to decide?”
“Given your age and maturity, I’ll consider your wishes when I make my final decision.” Judge Peabody motioned to the candies, and Bethany took one and held it tight in her hand.
“I like my father, but he’s been in prison so long that I’m not sure he’ll be the same person I remember him to be. And Meredith is completely nuts.” Bethany looked back to make sure the door was closed. “Linda seems nice and she tries to make me happy. Sometimes I think of her as more of a sister than a mother, but I guess that comes from being separated for most of our lives.”
Judge Peabody took a candy and popped it into his mouth. “Well, we’ll wait and see if your father petitions for custody, but until then we’ll allow you to stay with your mother until Dan files the papers.”
“So, I can live with Linda, forever?”
“As long as your father doesn’t fight for custody.”
Bethany dropped the candy to the desk and stared blankly at it. “And if he does?”
“We’ll have to wait and see.”
“But I get to choose, right?”
“Not always, but usually.”
Bethany took a deep breath and picked the candy back up. “Honestly, I could handle living with my father, but not with Meredith, and definitely not on that farm.”
“Ah, the farm. I heard rumour of what happened last night.” Judge Peabody glanced down at the papers on his desk. “Care to elaborate on the situation?”
“I… I don’t know what to say.” Bethany’s face turned scarlet.
“Tell me exactly what happened.”
Bethany lowered her gaze to her lap. “Robert came and got me and served the papers on Meredith.”
“Don’t cover for Robert.” Judge Peabody reached across the desk and plucked the candy from her hand. “I know how he served the papers, but that’s not what I want to know about.”
Bethany’s face flushed even more thinking about what had happened last night. She knew that if she told the truth of what happened in the barn, she would never have to worry about returning to that place, ever.
“Frank?” Bethany croaked, looking up again.
“Yes, Frank. He seems to have developed a bad case of falling down on his face. Apparently, it looks pretty bad.”
“I don’t remember much about what happened in the barn, but I did see Bryce outside the barn with a bat in his hands.”
“Well, that bat did a hell of a job on Frank’s face. But for some strange reason Frank won’t say what happened. Maybe he has something to hide?”
“Maybe,” Bethany looked away, “Bryce caught him touching something he wasn’t supposed to.”
“I see. That would explain a lot. Was it more than touching?”
“No, but it would’ve if someone hadn’t stopped him.”
“I know this was hard, but I needed to hear it from you. I’ll make sure that information is taken into consideration if need be.”
“I’d appreciate that.”
Judge Peabody jotted down a quick note then tucked it away. “Can you go get your mother and send her in? I need to explain what’s going to happen next.”
Bethany stood and glanced at the folder spread open on the desk. “Judge, I know that Linda’s my real mother. I was wondering what it says in there about my father.”
“They list Dan Rosehart on your birth certificate as your biological father.” The judge leaned in closer. “Why, you don’t think he’s your father?”
“I don’t know what to think anymore. My whole world’s being tossed around and I’m questioning everything about it.”
“Well, I’ll tell you what. If your father petitions the custody, I’ll order a DNA match for both your mother and father.”
The smile on Bethany’s face said everything. “Thank you, Judge. That’d be great.”
“I can tell just by looking at Linda that she’s your mother, but it’s better to have everyone tested.”
Bethany opened the door and motioned for Linda to return, then took a seat in the waiting room. She flipped through the magazines but found nothing of interest. Most were outdated and the others were only meant for lawyers.
Her mind marvelled at the thought of finding out conclusively who her parents are. There would be no more guessing after that. Suddenly she remembered what Ryan said at the mall about how everyone wishes they were adopted and their real parents would come for them.
I guess after the DNA test I won’t qualify for that dream anymore.
The phone rang, startling Bethany back to reality. She listened to the secretary’s tone as she tried to convince the caller that the judge was busy, but soon she gave up and pressed the intercom button.
“Judge Peabody, I know you said no calls, but this one’s important.”
“It can wait until I’m done. I’ll call them back later.” His voice sounded strange coming from the small speaker on the phone.
“But it’s Dan Rosehart.” Bethany’s heart leapt into her throat. “He wants to talk to you.”
Chapter 37

Linda slammed the car into gear and squealed out of the parking lot. “Shit, why couldn’t he just keep his mouth shut and stay behind bars where he belongs.”
Bethany held on tight as the car raced along the city streets. She wanted to defend her father’s pursuit, but she didn’t want to chance upsetting Linda any more today.
What’s she so upset about? Maybe the judge didn’t tell her everything we talked about. I’m sure he won’t send me back to that farm.
“Don’t worry, didn’t the judge say it would be a simple hearing. Didn’t he tell you that the odds are stacked in your favour?”
Linda glanced over and the car slowed slightly. “Yeah, you’re right. What am I worried about?”
“Maybe Father will change his mind,” Bethany said. Not likely, though.
“Somehow, I don’t think so. He’s been in prison for all these years without contacting you,” Linda raised her eyebrow, “and suddenly he’s calling around trying to get custody of you. It doesn’t make sense. Why give a shit about you now, he never did before?”
“Yes he did—” Bethany was sure her childhood memories included a few good ones with her father.
“Bullshit!” Linda slammed the steering wheel and the car jerked sideways. “He never wanted you. He only wanted you for Meredith.”
Bethany narrowed her eyes and clenched her jaw. “At least he wanted me for something. You never did!”
“That hurts, Jasmine.”
Bethany turned and gazed out the side window. “It should, it’s been hurting me for a long time.”
“I already said I’m sorry! I can’t change what I did.” Linda’s voice quivered. “I can only try to make up for it.”
“You don’t have to make it up.” Bethany turned back to Linda. “You just need to be my mother.”
“I’m finding out that that’s harder than I imagined.” Linda forced a smile and patted Bethany’s hand. “You know what will make me feel better?”
Bethany shrugged her shoulders. “Let me guess, shopping?”
“It’s the best medicine for a bad temper. We can head down to the mall and pick out some new clothes. Then after, I think I’ll get a massage. God knows I need one.”
“You do look a little tense, Mommy. Maybe you should take up a hobby or something to keep your mind occupied.”
“I do have a hobby. Well, I think it’s more than just a hobby. I think it’s my calling.” Linda’s face brightened with excitement.
“What is it?” Bethany wondered what could be so great to transform her mother’s mood so drastically.
“My paintings.”
“You’re an artist?” Bethany’s jaw dropped open. “That’s wonderful. I love to draw.”
“Actually, I never used to be an artist but after Laura passed away I took up her passion where she left off.”
“Wow, so if you both were artists then I have to inherit it, too.”
“Maybe? I’ll have to set you up with some canvas and see what you can create.” 
“So what happened, after Aunt Laura died you decided to give it a try?”
“Actually, it’s strange. Laura was painting this picture and she was halfway done when she died.” Linda stole another glance at Bethany then slowed the car and turned the corner. “Every time I brought you over to Grandma’s for a visit, I’d sneak into that room upstairs and sit and stare at the painting. For weeks afterwards I kept looking at the painting and wondering if I should have someone finish it or frame it as her last work in progress.”
“But you finished it, right?”
“Your grandmother didn’t want me to touch it. She said I would ruin it. She said I had never shown any interest in art until Laura passed away.” Linda strummed her fingers on the steering wheel. “You know what I think?”
Bethany looked blankly at her mother.
“I think she was hiding something from me. I think she didn’t want me to paint because she was worried I’d be better than Laura. I think she wanted to hold me back and keep me from showing the world what a great artist I can be.”
“Maybe she was only trying to preserve her dead daughter’s accomplishments.”
Linda glanced over at Bethany, then smiled. “No, she was jealous of me. She knew who the real artist in the family was.”
“How did Aunt Laura die?” Bethany wrung her hands while she waited for her mother to deny the news.
“She drowned,” Linda said sternly.
Bethany gasped. “That’s awful. Did you know right away? I mean, being a twin and all?”
“I knew.” Linda turned to Bethany. “I was strapped in the seat beside her.”
“You were with her when she drowned?” Bethany twisted in her seat to see the look on Linda’s face. “But how—I mean, what happened?” 
Linda’s face was a mask. “It’s a long story, Jasmine. Maybe later?”
“You tell me your sister died and that you were in the seat beside her when she did, and then you wanna wait to tell me the rest. Are you mad? Normal people don’t do that. Normal people will tell the whole story—especially when it involves someone so close.”
Linda jerked the car left and pulled off the road into an empty parking lot. “There’s really not much to tell.”
“Well, tell me everything you know.”
Linda let a little laugh escape. “That’s the problem. I don’t remember much.” She raised her hand and lifted her bangs from her forehead, exposing a three-inch scar across her hairline.
Bethany gasped at the sight. The jagged scar was wide and raised. It had a purplish tinge and she could make out each stitch mark. “It’s big.”
“At least it’s hidden from sight. They wanted to try and reduce the scar but I couldn’t go through with it.”
“It’s your punishment for letting your sister die?”
“Yeah, I guess.” Linda’s eyes looked distant. “Something like that.”
Bethany sat holding her tongue. She fought the urge to ask more questions, knowing Linda would eventually build enough courage to tell her version of what had happened.
“It was August and Laura convinced me that I needed to get out of the apartment and have some fun. I dropped you off with Grandma, thank god, and we went out.” Linda chewed on her lower lip for a few seconds before continuing. “I can’t recall where we went but I do remember it was raining that night. The roads were wet and I’d apparently had a few too many drinks, so Laura drove us home. At least that’s what they tell me. The only problem was we never made it that far.”
Bethany twirled a strand of hair around her finger. “But what happened?”
“Honestly, I don’t know.” Linda stared into the mirror. “The next thing I remember is waking up in the hospital with my head wrapped in bandages. Your grandmother broke the news to me that Laura had died, but at that time I had no idea who she was talking about.”
“None at all? That must’ve been horrible for Grandma.”
“It wasn’t the best for me, either.” Linda glanced at Bethany then quickly away.
“The doctors said I had a severe head injury and my memory might be permanently damaged.” Linda laughed again. “At least that’s what your grandmother told me.”
Linda blinked away a tear and looked over to Bethany. “To be honest, I didn’t remember you. I can’t even remember giving birth to you, or raising you, or anything before the accident.”
Bethany listened and felt her body go numb at the thought of her own mother never knowing the feeling of giving birth to her own daughter.
“But you remember now, right?”
The slight head shake brought a sickening feeling to the pit of Bethany’s stomach. Suddenly she thought she understood exactly why her mother would’ve given her away.
How could you care for someone you never knew?
“Do you remember anything? Anything at all from before the accident?”
“I get a few things that pop up, but …”
“But what?”
“It’s nothing, they said it’s a normal side effect of my situation.”
Bethany scoffed. “I don’t believe in normal anymore.”
“They said it’s because I’m a twin.”
“What?”
“In those few memories I do get, I see everything through Laura’s eyes.”
Bethany opened her door and jumped out onto the pavement. She bent over and hung her head down, fighting to keep her breakfast inside. When the feeling subsided, she stumbled over to the curb and sat down, trying to clear her head.
“Jasmine, what’s wrong?” Linda hung over the passenger seat, staring out the open door.
“I feel sick,” Bethany said, holding her head in her hands. “Can we skip the shopping and go home?”
“I guess you could wear something of mine tomorrow until we get you some new clothes.”
Slowly Bethany climbed from the curb, while the whole world swayed around her. She climbed into the car and refused to let her eyes settle on the person beside her. Her mind whirled with the one question that burned to be asked.
Aunt Laura?
Chapter 38

Bethany entered the house and immediately disappeared into her bedroom. She looked at the picture of her mother and aunt, and her head pounded just thinking about what could’ve happened during the accident. After collapsing onto the bed, Bethany covered her eyes with her arm.
What if Aunt Laura didn’t die in that accident? What if my real mother died and Grandma took advantage of Aunt Laura’s mental state to program her into filling my mother’s spot? What will they do if they find out that possibility? Will they send me back to the farm?
With her mind overloaded with questions, Bethany closed her eyes and prayed that sleep would come and wash the nightmare away. Ten minutes later her wish came true as she fell sound asleep.
Bethany woke a few hours later and the conversation snapped back into her mind. Linda’s words replayed and brought even more questions with them. She swung her feet over the edge of the bed and slowly stood, fighting the wave of nausea that threatened to confine her to the bed.
Realizing she needed to stay busy to keep from losing her mind, Bethany stumbled down the stairs. She walked around looking for anything to do that would keep her mind from asking those questions. When she passed the closed door, Bethany remembered the library Linda had talked about.
“This must be it.” Bethany opened the door slowly and the musty smell of old books seeped out through the crack.
The small back room was unlike any other in the entire house. Its walls were filled with mismatched bookcases from the floor, almost to the ceiling. There were even books stacked in the little spaces above. Bethany had to wonder if her grandmother was inept at matching her furniture or if she simply had to make do with whatever she could afford. The shelves ranged from a possible antique cherry piece to the everyday white press-board shelving units.
Bethany browsed the titles as she wandered around the tiny room. There appeared to be no particular genre to the books and no particular order to their placement.
“Why wouldn’t she put the good books on the nicer shelves and the paperbacks on the cheap stuff?” Bethany mumbled. She pulled a few leather-bound books from their shabby home and moved them to an upscale position.
“What are you doing?” Linda asked, poking her head inside the doorway.
“Just looking.” Bethany withdrew another book and dusted the jacket off. “Grandma sure did love to read.”
“I guess so. I can’t ever remember seeing her pick up a book in my life. Sometimes I think she just liked to collect them so they would impress others.”
“You’re not really gonna get rid of these, are you?”
“What good are they? Most of them are half rotten and the others are worthless. I’m sure a few of those leather-bound books are worth a few bucks, but I don’t have time to waste sorting them out.”
“I’ll do it,” Bethany said eagerly.
“What?”
“Sort through them.” Bethany pulled a few nice looking books from the shelves and placed them on the cherry bookcase. “I’ll keep the good ones on this nice shelf and the rest we’ll drop off at the used book store downtown.”
“Fine, whatever you want.” Linda disappeared out into the hallway. “I’ll be upstairs finishing my painting.”
Bethany hurried to the door. “Can I see it yet?”
“Soon, I’m almost done.”
“I hope it turns out as good as Aunt Laura’s paintings.”
“I’m sure it will,” Linda said, ascending the stairs.
Bethany shook her head as the questions returned.
“What did you do, Grandma?” Bethany whispered, while she piled some books in an empty box on the floor.
“Madame Bovary, you can stay, but Unforsaken, you can go.” Bethany tossed the last book into the box and flipped through the good book, checking for any damage. The pages were slightly discoloured but overall the book was in good enough shape to keep.
As Bethany set the book on the shelf, a clipping fell from inside. Lifting it into the light, she read the yellowed newspaper clipping;

One daughter dead, the other hospitalized.

In the early hours, Laura Taylor was pronounced dead at the scene of the accident, which left her twin sister, Linda, with massive head trauma.
The sisters were returning from a night out when their car left the road and plunged over the entrance of the Guy Lombardo Bridge, into the Thames River. The driver was killed instantaneously, while the surviving sister is in intensive care at the University Hospital. The cause of the accident is still under investigation, but construction may have played a part.

Bethany felt a shiver race up her spine. The words brought a mental image of what those last few seconds of life must have been like for her aunt—or mother?
“Grandma, did you take the secret with you to the grave or did you leave a clue to who this person really is?” Bethany whispered to the small family photo on the wall.
“Did you say something, Jasmine?” Linda asked from down the hall.
“Nothing, Mommy. I thought you were upstairs painting?” Bethany folded the clipping and tucked it into her pocket as the footsteps neared.
“I need some inspiration to finish this one.” Linda poked her head into the room. “I hate it when this happens. I guess this is an artist’s version of writers’ block.”
“I wouldn’t know?” Bethany followed Linda’s gaze to the book in her hand and quickly understood the analogy. “I guess I’m a little slow sometimes.”
“That’s okay. Some days I’m not the fastest myself.” Linda turned from the doorway and started away.
“Mommy.” Linda stopped and turned back. “Have you ever read this book?” Bethany held it up so the cover was displayed.
“No, not that I remember. Why, is it good?”
“Oh, it has a few interesting things inside.”
“Maybe I’ll try it later, but right now I feel the inspiration returning.”
Linda raced up the stairs then down the hallway into her art studio. A second later, classical music sifted down, filling the house.
Bethany opened the cover of Madame Bovary and began flipping the pages one at a time.
“Come on, give me a little clue.”
Page after page, Bethany’s hope faded like the ink on the paper until she reached the back jacket. There scribbled on the inside jacket was a simple note.

Never trust a baby killer!
Chapter 39

The phone rang and Bethany fumbled with the book, almost dropping it to the floor. She listened for Linda to answer it, but there was no movement from above. The second ring came and went, and Bethany thought about Ryan.
Out the doorway she shot and into the front room. She waited until after the third ring, then snatched the phone from the cradle.
“Hello?” Bethany listened to the muffled silence on the other end. She heard soft music playing in the background and asked, “Is anybody there?”
“Sorry, wrong number.”
“Who is this?” Bethany thought she recognized the voice but couldn’t place it.
“Sorry.”
The line disconnected and Bethany stood perfectly still, trying to put a face to the voice. She tried and tried but the more she did, the more people came to mind.
“Ryan… I might as well try him again.” Bethany punched in his number and waited. Just as she was about to hang up, a deep voice answered.
“Ryan,” Bethany fought to control her emotions, “it’s me.”
“Where are you?” His voice had a hint of anger in it, like he’d been worried sick. “I’ve been looking for you for days.”
“I’m fine. I tried—”
“Did he take you?”
“Who?”
“The guy who gave you the money?”
“Robert?” Bethany laughed. “No, he brought me back.”
“You had me so worried.” Ryan’s voice softened as if hearing Bethany’s laughter made everything all right. “I thought he came back for his money and snatched you away.”
Bethany thought about how this would’ve looked to Ryan and realized he must’ve been worried sick about her.
“I’m so sorry, I tried to call but the phones wouldn’t work. Meredith took me away to my grandparent’s farm and tried to hide me from my mother.”
“Mother? So Meredith’s not your real mother?”
“See I was right. She wasn’t my mother, after all.”
“So, where are you? I mean, where are you staying?”
Bethany filled Ryan in on what had happened over the last few days and suddenly realized that her life had turned into some kind of soap opera. She begged him not to rush over but to meet her at the mall instead.
After hanging up, Bethany called from the bottom of the stairs, “I’m slipping out for a little bit. I’ll be home in a few hours.”
When there was no response, Bethany made her way up the stairs. She approached the makeshift studio and knocked softly on the door.
“Mommy?”
“I’m painting! You can’t disturb me when I’m painting.” Linda turned the classical music up louder.
“Sorry, Mommy.” Bethany raised her voice to get over the music. “I’m going out to the mall.”
“You’re still disturbing me!” The music increased more, causing the wooden door to vibrate.
“Fine!” Bethany stormed down the stairs and yanked the front door open. Her face was red with anger, but it instantly lost colour when she looked out onto the porch.
There standing on the threshold was the one person she never thought she’d see again. Meredith stood like a statue, her eyes wide and wild. Bethany had never seen this side of her before. Sure, she saw the angry Meredith, the bitter Meredith and even the sad pathetic Meredith from the bedroom in the farmhouse, but never this side of her.
“Get out of here!” Bethany screamed. She refused to be intimidated in her own house. “Leave me alone. You’re not my mother.”
Bethany watched for a reaction, but her words never seemed to penetrate Meredith’s wild stare.
“You better go before I call the police.” Bethany took a step backwards and started to close the door.
“Your father’s getting out today.” Meredith jammed her foot in the door. “He’ll be very disappointed if you’re not there when he gets home.”
“I am home.” Bethany listened to the blaring music from above and looked down to see Meredith’s foot blocking the door.
“No, this isn’t home. This is where that slut lives. This is where the woman who ruined my life lives.” Meredith’s eyes lost the wild look and narrowed into slits as she glanced up the staircase. “This might even be where they did it. This might be the place they hid in when I was waiting at home like a good wife. This is probably where he fucked that bitch while I waited for him at night!”
Bethany watched Meredith’s rage build, then turned and raced down the hallway. The only place she could think of heading for was the library. She leaped over the pile of books on the floor and attempted to slam the door shut, but a single book became wedged between the door and the jamb.
Meredith came running. She smashed into the door, sending Bethany flying backwards into the cherry cabinet. The bookshelf wobbled back and forth from the impact as Bethany collapsed to the floor below. She watched as Meredith raced across the room and steadied the shelf from falling on top of her. She couldn’t believe it, a second ago she thought Meredith was here to harm her, and now she actually saved her.
Bethany looked up into Meredith’s face and saw a glimpse of the mother she once knew. “Thank you,” she croaked.
A strange smell filled the room and Bethany held her breath, fighting to keep the vapours out. She saw the wet patch on Meredith’s jacket pocket and suddenly realized it was too warm for a coat.
Meredith reached a hand inside that same pocket and withdrew a rag. When she pulled it out, a small squeeze bottle fell to the ground beside and the liquid dripped onto the floor.
That’s the smell, but what is it and why does she have it in her pocket?
When Meredith bent down closer, with the rag clenched tightly in her hand, Bethany understood what the liquid was for. Out shot her hands, fighting to keep the rag from her face, but Meredith in her rage had gained some new strength.
As the cloth neared her face, Bethany could feel the vapours burning her nasal passages. With each breath she inhaled, she felt herself drift from consciousness until the world went dark.
Chapter 40

Meredith spun Bethany around then lifted her upper body off the floor. After hooking her arms around Bethany’s chest, she pulled her over the scattered books littering the floor.
“Hurry!” Meredith muttered. “Hurry up before that slut comes down here.” A crooked sneer covered her face. Let her come. I’ll kill that little bitch!
Bethany’s limp body rode the waves of books, catching and dragging a few beneath her. Meredith watched a few books dislodge as she pulled Bethany down the hallway toward the front door.
Pausing at the half-opened door, Meredith muttered, “Linda, Linda, Linda. Don’t you know to keep your doors shut? You never know when someone might come along and take something that doesn’t belong to you.”
Tucking the loose grey hairs behind her ears, Meredith peered out the open door, looking for anybody who might see her. With the neighbourhood quiet, Meredith hooked her arms around Bethany and kicked the door wide open. A thud from upstairs froze Meredith in her spot. She heard a scream of frustration then stomping footsteps on the floor above.
Edging Bethany back inside, Meredith set her down then quietly made her way beside the staircase. As the footsteps moved overhead, Meredith stepped back into the corner and pressed her body tight against the wall. She looked over at Bethany’s body sprawled out at the door and wondered what would go through Linda’s mind when she saw the scene.
The footsteps came halfway down the stairs then stopped.
“How could I be so clumsy? That was the last of the red…” Linda’s words trailed off and she raced down the steps.
Meredith matched her speed and met her seven steps from the bottom. With the speed of desperation, she reached her arm through the baluster, clamping her hand tightly around Linda’s leg.
Linda pitched forward, losing her balance. Her arms flailed and her body toppled forward.
Meredith held tight to Linda’s leg. She was determined to cause bodily harm to the one person who ruined her life.
“Die slut,” she whispered, jerking Linda’s leg backward, sending her crashing down the stairs.
Linda cart wheeled down the steps, bouncing into the railing and splintering a few balusters on the way. Her head slammed against the wall at the bottom of the staircase and her body momentarily came to rest.
“Jasmine…” Linda struggled to get to her feet.
“Jasmine?” Meredith’s face twisted into a sneer. “You’re crazy! Her name’s Bethany. I named her after my grandmother.” She searched the hall for a weapon, but came up with nothing.
When Linda slowly managed to stand, Meredith saw her chance. There was a broken baluster behind Linda so Meredith lunged across the room, smashing into her and sending her crashing back to the ground. Quickly Meredith grasped the baluster and wrestled to get it free of the handrail while Linda fought her own battle of getting to her feet.
Her nostrils flared as she struggled to free the piece of wood. Slowly the nails let loose and the baluster slid free. Swinging the weapon around, she slammed the wooden post against Linda’s head. With the one fierce blow, Linda collapsed to the carpet and stayed there motionless.
“That’s for fucking my husband!” Meredith brought the baluster down on Linda’s side. “And that’s for taking my daughter!”
When Bethany made a few muffled sounds, Meredith dropped the baluster and raced over to her. She reached inside her pocket and withdrew the rag, then placed it over Bethany’s mouth. The rag was almost dry, but the remaining vapours were enough to send Bethany back to sleep.
Meredith searched her pockets for the bottle of ether, but couldn’t find it. “Shit! Now what am I gonna do?”
She grasped Bethany under the arms and pulled her outside, down the driveway to her car. When Bethany was halfway inside the car, Meredith stopped.
“How many times am I gonna have to rescue you from that bitch?” Meredith reached over the seat and fumbled in her purse. She retrieved the small prescription bottle, popped the cap then withdrew two pills and shoved them deep into Bethany’s mouth.
“Two for you,” Meredith said, tossing one back into her mouth and relishing the feeling of the pill dissolving on her tongue. “And one for me.”
Meredith retrieved a plastic tie from the floor and looped it around Bethany’s hands. She pulled it tight, listening to the ratcheting sound as it tightened around Bethany’s wrists. Another for her feet, then Meredith shoved her across the back seat and closed the door.
Settling behind the wheel, she relaxed and looked in the mirror. “See, everything’s gonna be fine. Bethany’s back and Dan’s not home yet.”
But they found us at home. They found us at the farm. We can’t go back to either place.
“Yes, but there’s one place they’ll never think to look for us.” Meredith started backing the car down the driveway when she saw movement inside the open front door. She continued backing the car onto the road, then shifted gears and waited to lock eyes with Linda.
Meredith watched as Linda slowly crawled into the opening and their eyes met. She thought she saw fear in Linda’s eyes, but it was hard to tell.
“That’s right. Nobody takes my baby from me.” Meredith reached over the seat and felt for Bethany. Once she made contact, she kept her arm outstretched over the seat unable to let go.
“Don’t worry, Bethany, everything will be back to normal soon.” The car lurched forward down the street to the corner. “Your father’s getting out of prison as we speak and once we get settled in, I’ll give him a call and he’ll come join us. It’ll be like before. Like before he went away. We’ll even get our big house back.” Meredith glanced back and watched the rise and fall of Bethany’s chest. “You’ll see. Everything’s going to work out just fine.”
Chapter 41

Bethany opened her eyes to the darkness. Her head pounded and her mouth felt like she’d been chewing cotton balls all day. Where am I?
She blinked rapidly, trying to adjust her vision to the darkness. Where am I? Why is it so dark? And how did I get here?
Suddenly she remembered the last minutes of her consciousness. “Meredith.”
Bethany tried to stand but her legs wouldn’t budge, not even an inch. They were restrained somehow, probably to the chair she was sitting on. She tried her arms but they too, were secured tightly to the chair. As her frustration turned to anger, she fought against the restraints until they dug deep into her flesh, threatening to split the skin and spill her blood.
Frustrated, she released a scream that filled the room and vibrated everything within. Bethany continued screaming until she saw bursts of lights explode behind her eyelids, then stopped to catch her breath. There was a soft thud within the room, but Bethany didn’t care what it was, she needed to vent her anger.
One after another, she drew in a deep breath and transformed it into a loud, ear piercing cry for help. She continued until her throat was raw and her lungs ached, then she changed from a scream to a cry for help.
The clicking sound to her left slowed her cries and when the flame appeared in the darkness, she could make out the features of her former mother.
“Why do you have to make so much noise?” Meredith said. She touched the lighter to the lantern wick then watched, mesmerized, as the flame danced wildly until she set the glass globe overtop.
Bethany held her cries for a moment, sure that if anybody was close enough to hear, they would’ve already come to her rescue. “Why?” she asked in a hoarse voice, but before Meredith could answer, she thought about Linda in the house. “What have you done?”
“Nothing that could’ve been prevented if that bitch hadn’t stolen you away from me.”
“She…” Bethany’s voice broke, but she managed to find enough to continue. “She never stole me. She’s my real mother.”
“Real mother? What’s so real about her? Big deal, so she gave birth to you. Any crack-whore in the world could’ve done that, then tossed you away into the closest garbage bin and went about their life.” Meredith sat forward on the old couch and set the kerosene lantern on the small table before her. “Real isn’t about who gave birth to you. Real is about caring for you and raising you the best way I know how!”
“But you had no right to kidnap me.”
“I have every right to take care of you. She’s the one who abandoned you on my doorstep. She’s the one who didn’t want to raise a child. She’s the one who didn’t love you!”
Meredith stood and paced the room. She continued muttering to herself as Bethany sat in the flickering light, wondering how true these words were.
Obviously she’s not making everything up. Linda did apparently give me away to Father. Maybe what she’s saying is the truth. Maybe she does care about me?
“Mer…” Bethany cleared her throat. “Mother, why didn’t you tell me the truth about who my, um, biological mother was?”
Meredith collapsed back onto the couch and clenched her hands in her hair. “I… I guess I didn’t want to take the chance of you running away and looking for her. I… didn’t want to ever lose you.”
Bethany glanced down at her restraints and couldn’t believe how strong the plastic ties were. When she looked back at Meredith, she hardly recognized her anymore. Something’s changed in her. She looks different. She looks desperate.
Suddenly Bethany knew what it was. Meredith looked scared—Scared that her husband would be upset when he comes home and finds his little girl gone. But he knows. He called the judge today.
“Mother, when’s the last time you talked to Father?”
“Um, I don’t know.” Meredith tugged a few hairs from her scalp. “I guess it’s been quite a while.”
“Then you don’t know?” Bethany laughed. “He already found out that Linda has custody of me.”
“Liar!” Meredith jumped to her feet, and Bethany recoiled at the suddenness of her movement. “He couldn’t possibly know that.”
“Grandma must have told him.”
“Lies, all lies.” Meredith stormed around the room.
“Me and grandma went to visit him the other day.” Meredith stopped suddenly. “He looks good. He said he can’t wait until he gets home so we can be a family again.”
“You really went?” Meredith took a step toward Bethany. “When? Why didn’t you ask if I wanted to go?”
“Grandma wasn’t planning it. It was just something that came up when we were out visiting her sister.”
“Did he talk about me?” Meredith clasped her hands below her chin.”Does he miss me?”
“Yes.” Bethany forced a smile. “I was telling him all about how well you’re holding up and he just couldn’t believe it. He actually said he couldn’t wait to hold you in his arms.” Bethany watched, praying for the right reaction from Meredith, and when her jaw relaxed and her lips curved almost to a smile, Bethany knew her plan was working.
“Does he know we were staying at the farm?”
Bethany nodded and flexed her hands, wincing at the pain, but Meredith either pretended not to notice the look of pain or she didn’t care.
“I never want to go back to that farm, ever again,” Meredith cried.
“Me neither.” Bethany intensified her look of pain. “Mother, could you please loosen these things, they’re killing me.”
Meredith stared long and hard at the restraints. She stood there for a few minutes debating whether to cut Bethany loose or not. After what seemed an eternity, she carried the lantern to the small kitchen on the far side of the room, then started rummaging through the drawers until she found what she was looking for.
Bethany watched the flame glint on the long blade of the knife. “Mother, did you see the room that Linda makes me sleep in?” I hope like hell she plans to cut the plastic straps.
Meredith paused, watching the flame dance in the draft. “No, I didn’t have time to look around. Why?”
“Oh, it’s nothing. She just stuck me in this little room crammed with junk. At least I had a mattress on the floor to sleep on. Do you know how degrading that is? She has this great big room with this huge bed and the nicest dressers you could imagine.”
Meredith continued over and set the lantern down on the floor, then stood towering above Bethany. “I thought she would’ve showered you with gifts.”
“Please, the only gifts that woman will buy are for herself. I asked for some clothes and does she take me out to get some new ones? No. She makes me wear her old hand-me-downs. You always took care of me and never made me wear your old clothes.” Bethany shook her head. “I never want to see that woman again as long as I live.” She watched as Meredith’s shaky hand slowly slid the knife beside her dedicate skin. Please, God, don’t let her slip!
“You really mean that, Bethany?” The plastic tie snapped open and flew across the room, then the other one followed. 
Bethany knew her plan was working. She had Meredith exactly where she wanted her. “Thanks for not calling me Jasmine.” She smiled happily. “Do you know how irritating that was?”
“Yes.” Meredith bent down to the leg restraints. “I wanted to beat her to death with that stick when she called you that stupid name tonight.”
“You didn’t, did you?” Bethany said a little too quickly.
Meredith paused with the knife beside the plastic tie. “Well, I didn’t kill her if that’s what you’re asking, but I gave her what she deserves.”
“What did you do?” Bethany lurched forward in the chair, but Meredith seemed to anticipate her behaviour and scooted back a safe distance.
“What did you do to her!” Bethany screamed.
“You seem to care a little too much about what I did to her. You wouldn’t be playing me to get loose, now would you?” Meredith stood up and held the tip of the knife against her index finger.
“Just let me loose and we’ll call Father. He’ll know what we should do.” Bethany struggled against the leg restraints. “He’ll help get you out of this.”
“Get out of what?” Meredith grinned, grabbing the lantern from the floor and placing it back on the table. “I have my daughter back and soon your father will join us and then we’ll be one big happy family.”
“You’re crazy!” Bethany screamed, trying to get to her feet. “I told him you’ve lost your mind. Look at you. You only want revenge, not me.”
Meredith pulled her arm back and launched the knife across the room. Bethany ducked down in the chair as it whizzed past her head, landing with a thud in the darkness behind.
She looked over her shoulder but couldn’t see it, and figured it must be stuck in the wall somewhere behind.
Calmly Meredith walked over to Bethany and slapped her across the face. “Don’t ever talk to me like that again, understand!”
Bethany recovered from the slap and turned back to face Meredith. “You are crazy,” she said calmly. “It’s been a long time coming but you’ve finally gone mad.”
“Mad! I’m not mad, sure I might be a little stressed right now, but I’m surely not mad.” Meredith withdrew the bottle from her pocket and snuck her magic medicine.
I wonder if that stuff’s helping her or causing her to act this way.
“Mother, why did the doctor give you that prescription?”
“Doctor, who can afford to go to a doctor for medicine. I got this from a friend. It’s supposed to help.”
“Help what?” Bethany wondered.
“Help me get through the day,” Meredith said, flopping down on the couch and curling up.
Chapter 42

When the morning sunlight spilled through the thin window coverings, Bethany opened her eyes and realized that her nightmare had actually been real. Her neck and back ached from sleeping hung over in the chair and her legs felt like lead. She wiggled her toes and flexed her ankles to get the blood flowing, then slowly pushed herself into the standing position. Pitching forward, she grasped the chair arms to keep from toppling over onto the floor.
She could see Meredith spread out on the couch on the far side of the room and wondered how much noise it would take before she stirred. Glancing around the small structure, Bethany wondered who this place belonged to. There were only a few dusty photos on the far wall and nothing to suggest that anybody had lived here for a while.
Her eyes travelled around the room, stopping at the lantern on the table. The wick was burnt down and only a blackened char remained.
“The lighter,” Bethany whispered, spotting it on the floor beside the table. She raised the chair slightly off the floor and inched her feet painfully across the room as she held her breath.
She moved slowly until Meredith coughed, then quickly set the chair down and took her seat, trying to pretend that she had just woke up herself.
Meredith’s eyes flickered, looking blankly past her, then she rolled over and faced the back of the couch.
Bethany drew a few deep breaths and waited until her heart settled before standing and resuming her quest. Another few feet of shuffling and she was at the edge of the area rug, which the table sat upon. She hurried forward letting the chair drop slightly. The front legs caught on the carpet and the chair toppled forward, bending her knees and pushing her toward the couch.
With a little hop on the carpet, Bethany quickly recovered and got her balance. She set the chair down without a sound and collapsed into it. The lighter was just a few inches under the table edge and Bethany bent over to grasp it, but stopped frozen in midair.
Meredith’s body shook and her muffled cries brought a chill to Bethany’s body.
She must be dreaming.
Bethany could make out a cry for someone to stop, but the rest was unrecognizable. Quickly she snatched the lighter in her hand and raised it to her face. She wanted to spark it up, melt the plastic straps and get out of there, but the thought of the noise waking Meredith stopped her.
Wait until she’s busy. Maybe when she goes to the washroom.
Quickly she stood and made her way across the room to where she started. While she waited for an opportunity, she took a closer survey of the small cabin. It was cute. Some place she could actually live in.
I wonder why she didn’t bring me here in the first place instead of the farm.
Bethany twisted in the chair, spotting the shiny object on the floor against the wall.
“The knife,” Bethany whispered.
After glancing at Meredith, Bethany repeated her shuffle act and wiggled across the room in the opposite direction.
Inch by inch she made her way closer to the prize and with every side step her heart beat a little faster. It wasn’t until she stood beside the knife that she turned to check on sleeping beauty. Meredith had turned slightly and appeared to still be asleep, but her one eye twitched slightly as if she might be waking up.
Bethany knew her time was running out and if she expected to escape this morning then she needed to get her ass in gear. Turning, she stooped down to sit in the chair when her eye froze on the framed photo on the wall. She squinted through the layers of dust and grime, but the people in the photo were unmistakable.
Dan and Meredith stood looking down at a baby wrapped in a white blanket, but the thing that spun Bethany’s mind was the fact that Linda was there beside them.
“That’s me,” Bethany said, staring at the photo.
Meredith jumped to her feet and raced across the room. She lunged to the floor and plucked the knife from Bethany’s reach.
But Bethany had forgotten all about the knife as she found the mystery of the photo mesmerizing.
“That’s me, but why would Linda come here with you guys?”
Snatching the photo, Meredith slammed it against the wall. The glass shattered and sprayed across the floor. After digging the tip of the knife under the edge of the picture, she pried it from the frame.
“No!” Bethany struggled to grasp it. “Don’t ruin it.”
Meredith stepped back and held the photo up, then drew the sharp edge of the knife down the centre of the picture, cutting Linda off. “She doesn’t belong in this picture. She never belonged here in this cabin. If I knew what they were up to, I’d never have let her come here.”
“Where’s here?”
“Conestogo Lake.” Meredith narrowed her eyes. “This is our cabin—at least it used to be before the bank took it over. We came here all the time… until I lost the baby.”
“Lost the baby?” Bethany slowly sat in the chair as Meredith placed her back against the wall and slid down to the floor. “How did you lose it?”
“It was a boy, and after I fell down the stairs they rushed me to the hospital and tried to stop the bleeding—but it was no use. They removed the baby by C-section, but he only survived one day. The fall was what killed him.” Meredith raked her hands through her hair. “I killed him! The body designed to protect him actually took his life.”
“You can’t blame yourself.” Bethany felt the pain that must have been ripping through Meredith for all these years. “You did everything possible to ensure he would be fine. It’s not your fault that he died.”
Meredith looked up. Tears were flowing down her face. “It wasn’t an accident that I fell—I jumped.”
Bethany swore she actually felt her heart skip a beat. “Why would you say that? Why would you kill your own baby?”
“I don’t know?” Meredith bit down on her lip. “All I remember is standing on the top step with a pink brassiere in my hand.”
Bethany gasped. “It wasn’t yours, was it?”
Meredith shook her head. “I found it under our bed. The same bed that your father and I slept in. He had the nerve to do it right under my nose. Right in the same sheets that I slept in.” Meredith looked over at Bethany. “Do you know how painful that was to find out? Do you know how hard that was having to tell your father that I knew he wasn’t faithful?”
“How did you tell him?”
Meredith’s mouth tightened. “By killing his flesh and blood.”
Bethany gasped. “Instead of telling him that you knew, you… you jumped down the stairs? What if he still doesn’t know the truth?”
“Believe me, he knows.” Meredith smashed her head against the wall.
“But if you didn’t tell him,” Bethany leaned forward, watching her closely, “how would he?”
Meredith forced a sickening laugh. “I still had the brassiere clenched in my hand when they took the baby from my womb.”
Chapter 43

“Dan never spoke of who he was having the affair with,” Meredith said, tracing her finger in circles on the dusty floor. “We pretended it never happened and never talked about it again, but I always suspected that it was with Linda. After all, you came along ten months later. Believe me, I did the math. I may have pushed your father into her arms. I may have caused your conception.”
“Why didn’t you ask about his affair?”
Meredith wrung her hands together. “I guess I didn’t want to know. I guess I wanted to forget the whole thing ever happened.”
“But you can’t pretend it didn’t happen. If you keep packing everything away you’ll end up like you are now.” Bethany slid the chair closer to Meredith and ripped the picture of Linda from her hand.
“Linda and Dan worked together at the hospital. He said she got into some trouble and got pregnant, and I pretended to believe him. Dan knew how much I wanted our baby, and when it died, I guess I changed a little. So, he came to me with the idea of adopting Linda’s baby—you.”
“So you really wanted me?”
“No, I wanted my son, but if I couldn’t have him and I couldn’t have any more kids, I considered his offer.” Meredith must have seen the pained look on Bethany’s face, because she quickly added, “At first I didn’t want you, but soon I overlooked what they did. But every time I looked at you, you reminded me what he did.”
“Fathered me?”
“Yes.” Meredith drew her legs up. “I guess I can’t put all the blame on your father, cause I was partially responsible for driving him into her arms.”
“They say admitting that you’re wrong is the first step to healing.”
Meredith’s eyes narrowed. “I said I may have driven him away. I didn’t say I spread her legs apart and forced him inside.”
Bethany was appalled at the visualization. “Sorry, I didn’t mean it that way. It’s just that you’re still hurt by everything that went on and the only way you’re gonna get better is by talking things through.”
Meredith nodded and let her mouth relax
“You did something that wasn’t called for, but Father should never have done what he did.” Bethany drifted off for a few seconds and when she came back, she noticed Meredith was watching her intently.
“Mother, you know what? If Father had never fooled around on you then I wouldn’t be sitting here.” Bethany sighed. “I guess good things can come from bad.”
Meredith brightened slightly but still hung her head low.
“Mother, I’m sorry for what happened, but I’m glad it did.” Reaching out her hand, Bethany touched Meredith’s cheek and felt the wet tears streaming down her face. Heaving sobs followed a moment later.
“Mother, it’s all right. Don’t cry. I don’t blame you for what happened. You were confused. You weren’t yourself.”
Meredith looked up and her red swollen eyes seemed a little softer now.
“Father wants us to be a family again.” Bethany hooked her fingers under Meredith’s chin, raising it slightly. “We can work through all the past and build a better future.”
“Don’t bullshit me!” Meredith said, turning away. “The minute you get loose you’ll go running back to that whore.”
“First, you need to let go of the past. Sure, I’ll go back to Linda’s house for now, but when Father gets home and we can sit and talk about everything—”
“Then what, you’ll tell us that we’re not good enough for you. That you’re ashamed your father was in prison and your mother’s a child killer. Don’t play me, Bethany, I’m not that stupid.”
“What do you plan to do, keep me tied up here forever and hope Father comes to visit?” Bethany scooted forward. “If Father sees me tied to this chair, you can forget about him ever spending another second with you. He thinks you’re fine. I told him you were going nuts, but he didn’t believe me. But when he finds out you kidnapped me, he’ll know I was right.”
Meredith jumped to her feet. “I never kidnapped you! You’re my daughter.”
“Then act like my mother and cut these straps loose. No sane mother would bind their daughter to a chair.”
Meredith took a step closer and raised the knife. “No—no! You’ll leave me. You’ll go back to that whore.”
“Would you stop with that whore shit and cut the fucking straps!”
“I can’t.” Meredith took a step away from the chair. “I can’t lose you again.”
“Cut the straps.” Bethany steadied her voice. “Drive me back to the city and I’ll promise that nothing will happen to you. Nothing, as long as you didn’t kill Linda.”
“Kill her?” Meredith laughed. “She’s used to taking lumps in the head. From what I’ve heard, she doesn’t remember much afterwards.”
“That’s not nice. She didn’t have any control over what happened.”
“Like I did?”
“You said it yourself. Nobody pushed you off the step. You had a choice.”
“Not about that. About your father and her.”
“Your anger toward Father drove him away into someone else’s arms.”
“Bullshit, that whore stole him away then did what I couldn’t do anymore—Gave birth.”
Frustrated, Bethany gripped the arms of the chair and used every ounce of strength to try and snap the wooden sides off. Her arms shook and her face turned red, but nothing cracked—let alone shattered into kindling.
Meredith ignored her antics and stormed across the room, throwing the knife into the kitchen and collapsing on the couch. After popping a pill in her mouth, she lay there digging her fingers in her hair and talking quietly to herself. Probably trying to come up with a new plan.
“Mother? Mother…” Bethany lifted the chair and did her slow walk across to the couch then sat down opposite Meredith. “You know, Linda told me she doesn’t remember anything from before her accident.”
Meredith stopped pulling her hair, but kept her eyes closed tightly as she appeared to be listening.
“She said she doesn’t remember giving birth to me, and she probably wouldn’t remember any of the things she did.” Bethany snickered. “She said she’d tell me everything tomorrow—everything she knew. It’s funny though cause she said she doesn’t remember anything, but she has some terrible news that she thinks will drive me away from her.”
Meredith turned her head, peering out through one tiny swollen eyelid. “What could be so bad that you’d want to leave her?”
“That’s what I was hoping you could tell me.”
“Me, how would I know?” Meredith said, propping herself on one elbow.
“I don’t know? What happened when she gave me to you and Father?”
“Give you to us.” Meredith laughed. “She waited until we were gone out then broke into our house and left you sleeping on the couch.”
“She didn’t even say goodbye or anything? No, she wouldn’t do that.” Bethany waited for Meredith to laugh again, but she only shook her head.
“But you went to find her—”
“She’d disappeared and her mother, your grandmother, had the apartment cleaned out a few months later.”
“But she must have known where Linda went?”
“She didn’t know or wouldn’t tell? All we knew was that Linda disappeared and left you and your birth certificate with us.”
Bethany’s face brightened. “And what name did she list for my father?”
“Dan,” Meredith said, collapsing back into the cushion. “He admitted to the affair then tried to make it seem less than it was.”
Bethany sat forward and turned Meredith’s face. “What did he say?”
“He said he only did it so we could have a baby. He said he thought Linda wouldn’t want to keep it and we could replace the one we lost.”
“And did you believe him?”
“Part of me wanted to, but part of me wanted to kill him, too.”
“Well, he’s still alive.” Bethany forced a laugh.
Meredith’s face remained rigid. “For now.”
Chapter 44

“Maybe Father only did want a baby with Linda. Maybe he planned it all along. The only one who really knows is Father.”
“But how can I believe anything he says? He’s lied before about his affairs and he’ll lie again.”
Bethany sat back in the chair. “What does he really have to lose by telling the truth? He’s already lost your trust and everything else in his life. I’m sure if we talk to him, he’ll tell us exactly what happened.”
Meredith scrunched her nose up and let her gaze drift off to the ceiling. The seconds ticked by as she let everything sink in, then she spoke. “I suppose he doesn’t have much left to lose. It’s not like I’ll leave him. Just look at me, I’m old, ugly and apparently crazy.”
Bethany laughed. “It’s not that bad, Mother. We can get you cleaned up and maybe find you some better medication, then I’m sure you’ll feel more like your old self.”
“You really think so?” Meredith said as her face softened again and her eyes flooded with fresh tears. As if at the mention of the medication, Meredith pulled the bottle from her pocket and took another pill.
“Mother, no… “ Bethany begged, but she was too late. The pill was gone. “No more pills until we find out if they’re helping or making things worse.”
“Worse?” Meredith’s eyes softened and glazed over. “They help me calm down and make everything better.”
“Better, or disappear?” Bethany watched as Meredith relaxed into the cushions with the bottle clenched in her hand. Out she reached, taking the bottle and reading the label.
“Take only at bedtime. May cause drowsiness.” Meredith was sound asleep. “You aren’t kidding.”
Stuffing the bottle into her pocket, Bethany felt the lighter. Her eyes brightened at the thought of getting free, but then she realized that she’d have to call for help, or… she turned and spotted Meredith’s key ring on the table, beside the door.
Could I? Bethany wondered. She glanced back at Meredith. She’ll kill me if I do.
After waiting for what seemed like an eternity, Bethany positioned her chair close to the door—and the keys. One last check on Meredith and she knew this was her best chance of getting out.
Slowly she drew the lighter from her pocket and held it down beside the plastic strap. Taking a deep breath, Bethany ran her thumb down the roller and watched for the flame to shoot up, but it never came.
“Shit!” Bethany tried again, but the lighter wouldn’t work. “It has to work. She just used it last night.” Straightening in the seat and raising the lighter before her face, she tried repeatedly until finally getting the hang of the childproof gadget, then the flame danced to life before her eyes.
Looking past the flame, Bethany saw that Meredith was still sound asleep. Slowly she lowered the lighter to the plastic strap and after a second, black smoke rose into her face as the strap melted and snapped off, landing on the floor beside.
One down, one to go.
Stretching her free leg out, Bethany moved the lighter quickly to the other restraint and froze when the flame went out.
“Shit! Not now.” Giving it a quick shake, she tried again and the flame snapped back after only the second try. “That’s better, nice and easy.”
“Bethany, No!” Meredith screamed, thrashing on the couch.
She jumped, her heart pounded harder and she was sure her chest was about to explode. Quickly she held the flame so it was divided in two by the plastic strap. Her heart continued to beat faster and harder as her hands began to shake.
“Hurry, hurry,” Bethany mumbled. A last minute push with her leg and the melting strap finally gave way and flung across the floor.
Jumping to her feet and almost falling flat on her face from her sore legs, Bethany dove to the table. Her fingers clenched the cold metal of the keys and she felt the serrated edges dig into her palm.
“Don’t leave me like this,” Meredith sobbed into the cushion, her white knuckles clenching the edge of the couch.
Bethany watched Meredith’s body thrash about. She exhaled a stale breath when she realized Meredith was gripped in a dream—Or maybe a nightmare by the sounds of it.
“I did it for you.”
“Did what?” Bethany whispered to herself, unable to leave this show and escape to safety. “What did you do?”
“No, Frank.” Meredith twisted on the couch, fighting with an invisible man. “No! You promised… Don’t leave…”
She must be talking about the night I left the farm.
Curiosity gripped Bethany’s mind and pulled her slowly back into the room. The sight of this once proud woman thrashing about and screaming out her nightmare brought a chill to Bethany’s spine.
“I did what you asked, now leave her alone.”
“What did you do, Mother? What did he promise?” Bethany found herself standing beside the woman she set out to escape from minutes ago. Her mind flashed back to the night in the barn. The night when Frank came to pay her a visit. Her body shook violently at the memory of the attack.
Bethany reached down and grasped hold of Meredith. After turning her over, she pinned her arms down to the couch. “What did Frank tell you? What did you do? What did he promise!”
Meredith’s eyes snapped open and Bethany could see the terror within.
“What did he do!” The seconds ticked by as Bethany stood her ground and fought back. “What did he promise?”
Meredith looked around taking in her surroundings. “Promise… Frank, promise…”
“Stop it!” Bethany shook Meredith like a doll. “Just tell me what happened that night on the farm.” She released Meredith’s left arm and slapped her hard across the face.”You knew Frank was gonna try and rape me! How could you let that pig put his hands on me? You’re worse than I could’ve ever imagined.” Bethany stood and marched across the room toward the front door, while silently crying.
“Bethany,” Meredith cried out, searching her pockets for her pills. “It’s not like that.”
Opening the door and pausing halfway through, Bethany locked eyes. “It sure as hell looks like that to me.”
“I did everything he asked, no matter how degrading it was. He promised not to touch you.”
Bethany heard the sincerity in her voice and wondered if these were words of truth. She slammed the door shut and heard one last cry of frustration from within.
“He Promised!”
Chapter 45

Bethany twisted the keys and the car roared to life. Her heavy foot on the accelerator sent the engine racing and the black smoke pouring from the tail pipe.
“I’m not sure what that one’s for.” Her eyes drifted from gauge to gauge, taking in every instrument before her. “Not sure about that one, either. Oh, but the gas is fine. I can probably make it back home on half a tank.”
As Bethany shifted the car into reverse and began backing off the long grass of the cabin’s front yard, she said a quick thank you that Meredith hadn’t bought a stick shift.
Coming to a stop in front of the cabin, Bethany looked down the long narrow dirt road ahead and saw some movement out of the corner of her eye.
Mother must have pulled herself from the couch to see me off.
Refusing to look over and acknowledge her, Bethany placed the car in gear and slowly navigated her way down the bumpy road. Seconds later she jumped, seeing her mother running alongside the passenger’s window.
Meredith’s fingers wrapped over the lip of the partially open window. She tried to hold on, but Bethany gunned the engine, sending the car rocketing forward into the shadows of the trees, and her mother’s fingers slipped over the window lip as she lost her grip.
Bethany heard the thud, but made no attempt to stop and offer her assistance this time.
“Bethany!” She screamed from behind.
The sound of her own name brought goose bumps. She tried to block out everything that had happened today and concentrate on getting back home and settling into a nice calm routine.
“Beth… “ One last muffled call came from behind, but the distance cut it short.
A little laugh escaped Bethany’s lips. “I’m glad I don’t have to go home with her.” Bethany glanced in the rear-view mirror and saw the silhouette of Meredith disappear into the shadows of the trees. “Boy, is she gonna be pissed.”
With her troubles behind, Bethany tuned the radio station to something a little more upbeat and let her body sink into the old cloth seat. Five minutes later Bethany came to a cross road and realized this wasn’t going to be as simple as she thought. Looking left then right, she contemplated which way home was. There were no signs posted on either road and Bethany suddenly realized that she had no idea where she was.
“Think, think, which way’s home.” Bethany looked at the rising morning sun. “We must be north of London. Cabins are always north.” Turning right onto the paved secondary highway, Bethany took a chance and drove away from the sun.
Twenty minutes later, Bethany sped past a deserted gas station on the right, set back into the trees. She craned her neck, looking back at the building until the tires ran off the edge of the pavement, then quickly straightened and guided the car back onto the road.
“Shit, I can’t do that when I’m driving.” She took one last quick look back. “Doesn’t look like they’re open?”
At the next intersection, Bethany made a careful U-turn and backtracked down the road. Slowly she pulled the old car into the gas station parking lot. The lights were all off and the closed sign hung sideways on the door.
“How can they not be open?” Bethany looked at the time on the dash and realized it was still early morning. “But what if I needed gas, or to use a…”
Driving around the side of the building, Bethany looked for the payphone, but found none. “Come on, you got to have one at a gas station in the middle of nowhere.”
The sound of approaching tires on the highway snapped Bethany back to her task of getting help. Quickly she opened the door and climbed out beside the corner of the building. The hum increased with every step she took toward the gas pumps. As she raised her hands to wave down the truck, she recognized the faded blue paint job.
“Grant?” Bethany dropped down behind the gas pump and listened as the truck soared past the station. She held her breath praying that he hadn’t seen her. As the seconds ticked by and the sound of the truck disappeared into the distance, Bethany suddenly realized she was heading in the right direction.
Why’s he up here? Did Meredith call him? No… There’s no way he could make this trip so fast. Maybe he’s coming to help me?
Bethany ran back to the car and jumped behind the wheel. Yeah, right, he’d just as soon let Frank have his way with me.
Edging the nose of the car onto the road, Bethany saw the highway was deserted in both ways. “Let’s see. It took me about twenty minutes to get this far, so when Meredith tells him what happened, he’ll be back here in about ten minutes the way he’s driving.”
Once the car was safely on the road, Bethany pushed the accelerator down and drove the needle higher and higher until she feared she couldn’t handle any more speed.
The needle touched 110 km/h and Bethany felt the small car lurching all over the road. How fast was Grant going? How much faster can I go without killing myself?
Bethany pushed the needle to 115 and realized that this was the best she could do. “Maybe if I’d had some experience at this.”
She thought about the many times she’d moved the car in the driveway and the simple thrill that came with the little accomplishment, but she never dreamt she’d be soaring down the highway before she even got her learning permit.
The gas gauge crept down an eighth and Bethany wondered how close she was to home. According to the clock she’d been driving for forty minutes. After a quick calculation of the difference in her and Grant’s driving speeds, Bethany glanced in the rear-view mirror half expecting to see Grant’s old rusted Ford bearing down on her bumper, but the highway was empty.
Up ahead in the distance the sunlight bounced off a small glass telephone booth by the highway. As Bethany neared, she spotted the diner and the small sign propped against an old car in the parking lot.
“Please let them serve breakfast out here,” she prayed. Although her stomach rumbled at the thought of a platter of eggs and home fries, smothered in ketchup, she was much happier just to have the safety of strangers around her.
The tires rumbled over the loose gravel, skidding the last six inches before the phone booth. Bethany jumped out, dashing to the glass enclosure. Once safely inside, she lifted the phone off the receiver and stood motionless, wondering who to call.
The options raced through her mind; dial 911 and have to deal with everyone treating her like a helpless baby lost in the woods, or call Linda. Yeah, right?
“Robert…” Bethany padded her pockets but came up empty handed.
After dialling the operator, she waited as the automated service listed all the options she didn’t need. “Come on, come on. Call collect,” she whispered into the phone.
A few seconds later, after pressing the correct button, Bethany listened as the human counterpart came on the other end.
“City, please?”
“London, Ontario.”
AName, please?”
“Robert Knight.”
“Hold, please.”
Bethany bounced from side to side. This is taking forever!
A blue blur was all Bethany could make out as she stared out the glass wall at the highway.
“We have two numbers for a Mr. Robert Knight of London Ontario.”
“Grant…”
“I’m sorry, did you want a different person?”
“No. No! Just put me through,” Bethany said hastily as she saw the truck fishtail on the highway in the distance. Suddenly she knew he’d seen her or the car.
“Shit! Why did I leave it out in the open like that?”
“Is something wrong, Miss? Are you all right?”
“I’m fine. Just put me through and fast!” Bethany leaned against the glass and watched the truck skid to a stop, then start to back up.
“Miss, the business number has an answering machine. Would you like to leave a message?”
“No! Try the other number. I have to talk to Robert, and fast.”
“It’s ringing as we speak.”
Hurry, Robert. I can’t wait much longer. The faded blue truck did a three-point turn and started its approach.
“Miss, the line just switched.”
“What the hell are you talking about!”
“It’s being forwarded to a cell phone.”
“Oh, sorry.” Bethany could hear the change in the ring tone.
“Knight Investigations, who’s calling?”
“Sir, we have a collect call. Do you accept the charges?”
“Yes, yes. Put it through.” Robert said quickly. “Bethany? Bethany…”
Chapter 46

“I’m sorry, sir,” the operator said. “She was just on the line a second ago.”
Tapping his finger impatiently against the wall, Robert waited for the operator to ask permission to reveal the origin of the call. He knew they wouldn’t give the information to a private investigator, so he implied that he was still with the London police force. 
Linda propped herself on her elbows, upon the couch. “Robert, is that Jasmine?” she asked, as the cold cloth slid down her swollen face.
Robert eyed the lump on Linda’s forehead and felt a little guilty about leaving them unprotected so soon after snatching Bethany, but it was Linda’s idea not to have him around. As soon as she’d called, he’d rushed over to find her wallowing in self pity. After cleaning her wounds and assessing that there was nothing seriously wrong with her, he notified the police and stuck around to monitor the phones.
Ignoring Linda’s question, he concentrated on getting the information from the operator. “Did you get her name?” Robert asked the moment the operator came back on the line. 
“I’m sorry, I must have forgotten. It’s not like me to forget something like that.”
“Did she say her name was Bethany?”
“Jasmine,” Linda interrupted.
Robert turned and glared at Linda.
“I don’t recall her saying that, but she did sound young.”
“About fifteen?”
“Yeah… maybe?”
“It has to be Bethany,” he said, turning to see Linda sitting up with the cloth in her hand. The swelling had gone down considerably, but the bruise was now turning a dark purple. “She’s the only one who’d be trying to get hold of me.”
“She was in quite a rush to talk to you,” the operator said. “She even cursed a few times.”
“She did?” Robert remembered the confrontation with Bethany over that stupid folder and he could see her using a few choice words if she thought she was in danger.
“What exactly did she say?” Robert crossed the room and sat beside Linda, holding her hand reassuringly.
“Well, besides wanting to talk to you, and right away, nothing really. Oh, wait…” There was a muffled conversation. “Here’s the address for the pay phone. Do you have a pen and paper handy?”
Robert clenched his eyes closed. Just tell me the fucking address!
“Go ahead.”
“Highway 19, just past the number 9 junction heading north toward Conestogo Lake.”
“Conestogo Lake. 19 past 9,” Robert repeated.
Linda shot up instantly. “The cabin. I should’ve known she’d take her there.”
Robert gave her a questioning glance.
“Would you like me to alert the authorities up there and have them look around for her?”
“Thanks, but that won’t be necessary. I’m leaving as we speak.” Robert grabbed his sport jacket from the chair and headed for the door.
“I’m coming with you, Robert.” Linda followed clumsily behind.
Turning, Robert mouthed No, but that didn’t stop Linda from pushing past him and out onto the sidewalk.
“Thank you for your cooperation,” Robert said, slamming the door closed. “I appreciate all your help.”
“I’m just glad to help Bethany get back home.”
“Thanks again.” Robert flipped the phone shut and tucked it into his pocket before confronting Linda.
“You should be at the hospital, not riding shotgun with me. I can handle this all by myself.” Robert opened the car door and slid behind the wheel, while Linda followed suit on the other side.
“I’m not going to just sit here and wait for you to get her back. For all I know, Meredith could’ve hurt her, too.”
“The operator said she sounded fine. You don’t have anything to worry about. Meredith would never harm Bethany.” Robert glanced at the wounds on Linda and realized Meredith didn’t care too much for her.
“Let’s go find Jasmine, then you can call the cops and have them pick Meredith up at the cabin.”
“Cabin?” Robert stared suspiciously at Linda. “You mean you knew where they went to?”
“No, I didn’t know where they were.” Linda turned away from Robert and stared out the side window. “I only know that they had a cabin up at Conestogo Lake. That must be where she’s hiding out.”
“But then, what’s Bethany doing all the way down at junction 9?”
The phone vibrated in Robert’s pant pocket. Quickly he dug it out and flipped it open. “Bethany?”
“Sorry, it’s me again,” the operator said nervously.
Linda grabbed Robert’s arm and forced him to make eye contact. “Jasmine?”
Robert shook his head and tore his arm free. “Did Bethany call back?”
“No, no, couldn’t be that lucky. It’s just… I remembered something she said. I found it strange. It actually threw me a little because I was saying your name when—”
“Please,” Robert begged, “get to the point.”
Linda was out of her seat and propped close enough to hear the conversation.
“Sorry, she mentioned someone else’s name.”
“Who!” Linda screamed.
“Someone named Grant.”
Robert looked over at Linda and together they muttered, “Grant.”
Chapter 47

The strategically placed cow bell rang loudly as Bethany slammed open the door and rushed inside the diner. Her heart pounded in her throat when she saw the place was deserted.
“No, it can’t be,” Bethany muttered. “There’s no way it can be empty.” Turning at the sound of a truck door slamming shut, she peered between the posters on the glass door and saw the back of the man standing between the two vehicles. He was leaning through the open window, reaching inside her car. She tried to distinguish if it was Grant, but all she could make out were his dark clothes and rough size.
“Hello?” Bethany called, taking off at a full run away from the door. Two steps away, she slid to a stop then lunged back to the door. She reached for the lock and quickly snapped it across.
“That should hold him.” Suddenly she remembered Grant’s temper at the farm. “Or maybe not.”
Off she ran past the tables and booths, looking in every corner for someplace to hide.
“Hello!” Still no answer. The kitchen was at the far back of the restaurant and Bethany knew that someone should be in there, or sitting outside the door having a smoke.
After running the length of the counter, she was about to turn toward the kitchen when the door rattled loudly behind. Quickly she dove left into the opening for the washrooms
“I wonder if he saw me?” Bethany remembered looking through the poster-covered door and thought her chances were good that he hadn’t.
There were three doors down the small hallway. The men’s washroom on the left, the women’s washroom on the right and a third door straight ahead.
“Please let it be a back door,” Bethany pleaded, but when she ripped it open, she felt her stomach sink. The small dark room was nothing more than a storage closet packed with cleaning supplies. Bethany looked around, but there was no door and definitely no window.
Opening the door to the women’s washroom, Bethany realized this would be the first place he’d look. So she turned to the men’s door and thrust it open, half hoping no one would be inside, half hoping a monstrosity of a man would be in there washing his hands.
But there was nobody. The room was empty. Bethany hurried inside and closed the door. She spotted the simple lock on the door and quickly turned it. The stall was empty and the bathroom reeked of urine. The pounding on the glass door intensified and the wall mirror shook with each impact.
“Jesus Christ! Hold your horses, the damn doors locked,” a rough voice boomed in the restaurant. Bethany tried to place whether it was that of a woman or man, but the gruffness hid any feminine quality.
“Where is she?” a second deep voice roared.
Bethany made out every word and the man’s anger was evident in every syllable.
“Who?” the now evident woman’s voice responded.
“Don’t play stupid.”
The wall shook with a huge impact, sending the mirror crashing to the counter, shattering it into hundreds of pieces. Bethany hoped that the woman was all right, but after half a minute of what sounded like a struggle, the woman never spoke.
“Shit, he’s really pissed.” Bethany searched the room for a weapon but the only options were a shard of glass, or a toilet plunger in the corner of the stall.
“Come on, come on.” Her chest heaved and her eyes blurred with tears. “I gotta get out of here.”
The window, high above the hand dryer, was propped open eight inches. She raced over and tipped the garbage can upside down, then climbed up and heaved the paint-covered frame with both hands. It gave a few more inches before the window wedged half open.
“Just great!” Bethany heard another commotion break out inside the diner, and looked from the window to her waist, wondering if she’d fit through.
It sounded like two male voices yelling moments before the whole diner erupted in chaos. The previous scuffle was nothing compared to what was currently taking place. Glass shattered, large objects smashed into the walls, then suddenly the grunting and groaning of men came from just outside the bathroom door.
When the door shook from an impact, Bethany hoisted herself up onto the hand dryer and pushed the screen out, letting it fall to the ground below. The scuffle continued as Bethany pulled herself onto the window ledge and tried to swing her leg up beside, but there wasn’t enough room for it to fit through. Looking outside the window and finding nothing to grasp, Bethany slowly lowered herself head first out the window.
The fall to the ground was short, but the impact knocked the wind from her lungs. Gathering up her courage, she climbed to her feet and ran along the side of the diner to the front corner. Up ahead by the telephone booth, the two vehicles sat abandoned. Bethany peered around the corner of the building and saw the glass door was closed.
“I hope he’s still inside fighting.”
Out she ran, straight across the empty parking lot to Meredith’s car. With Grant’s truck parked beside, Bethany felt a little relieved having some cover. She took a few second to gather her nerves before preparing to out race Grant all the way back home. She closed her eyes, trying to picture herself in a peaceful situation, but nothing came.
“Screw it.” Bethany reached for the keys. “Time to go.” But they weren’t in the ignition.
“I didn’t take them out. I left them right there.” Like a slap across the face, Bethany remembered seeing Grant leaning into her car.
“He took the keys. He took the fucking keys! But where would he put them, in the truck? No—his pocket.”
Bethany stretched in her seat, glancing through the truck’s window at the diner. “I still have time.” She dug in the centre console and strewed the contents on the floor. There on the very bottom was the spare ignition key, the one Meredith kept for emergencies.
Almost in one motion, Bethany slid the key into the ignition and started the car. An instant later the car was slowly exiting the parking lot and pulling silently away down the highway.
Chapter 48

Bethany drove for a while, unsure how long it had been since the altercation in the dinner. The clock on the dash would’ve given a clue, but she didn’t dare take her eyes from the road at the speed she was driving.
She knew Grant should be coming up behind her any minute, but then she’d been thinking that every second since her escape.
Maybe the cook took care of him, or maybe they called the cops and he’s sitting in the back of a police car right now?
The glint of chrome in the rear-view mirror caught her eye. “Or maybe not?”
Bethany stomped the accelerator to the floor and straightened in her seat as she prepared to outrace Grant—or crash trying.
The highway took a sharp curve and Bethany held her foot on the gas, leaning into the corner. As the car slid over the yellow line, she thought for a single moment that this might be her last breath, but just as the tires neared the gravel, the highway straightened back out, revealing a stop sign up ahead.
Bethany never even considered stopping, let alone slowing down. After all, she’d seen many people run the country stop signs and live to tell. Soaring untouched through the intersection, she saw the dark shadow of an approaching car.
She prayed for a police car but as she neared, she noticed the lack of roof lights and decided to keep going. She blared the horn when she passed, hoping to draw their attention. After a quick glance, her eyes locked on the driver.
“Robert? Linda?” A lump formed in her throat as she let up on the accelerator and coasted for a short distance. She watched in the rear-view mirror as Robert turned his car around and headed in her direction. It was then she noticed Grant was nowhere to be seen and wondered if it had only been her imagination.
Bethany pulled the car to the narrow shoulder, opened the door and jumped out. Her eyes darted from Robert to Linda in the car behind, unable to decide which one she was happier to see. She wanted to run to them, but couldn’t decide which one to greet first, so she waited.
Robert was the first out. He ran to greet her, but she knew his intention was to ensure that she was all right and unharmed. But when Linda slowly made her way from the car, Bethany felt her stomach twist in knots. The side of her face was swollen and bruised, and she limped like she was in excruciating pain.
“Mommy…” Bethany broke into motion. “Are you all right?”
“I’ll be fine.” Linda forced a smile. “It’s nothing really.”
“Did Meredith do this to you?”
Linda nodded weakly. “She didn’t harm you, did she?”
“No.” Bethany turned to Robert. “Meredith’s pretty messed up. She’s trying to do the right things, but she’s a little confused.”
“Is that how you managed to get her car?”
“No, she took too many pills and fell asleep, then I escaped.”
Robert smirked and narrowed his eyes. “May I see your driver’s licence?”
“What was I supposed to do!” Bethany snapped. “Sit around and wait for you to—”
“Rescue you?” Robert said, his eyes glistening in the sunlight. “That’s my job isn’t it?”
“Grant…” Bethany looked past Robert and Linda at the empty highway behind. “Grant was on his way to the cabin.”
Linda grabbed her arm. “Why would he… unless Meredith called him?”
“I don’t know, but I saw him—I mean, I saw his truck at the diner.” Bethany dropped her gaze, realizing she never did see his face. “It had to be him.”
“Where?” Robert grabbed her chin, forcing her to make eye contact.
“Back toward the cabin on the highway. He was fighting with the people inside the diner when I left.”
Robert narrowed his eyes. “Are they okay?”
“Who cares if they’re okay?” Linda interrupted. “Jasmine’s the only thing that matters now.”
Robert drew a long deep breath, exhaling it while he clenched his fists. “I care. If they’re hurt, they might need an ambulance.”
Or a casket. 
“Where exactly is this diner?” Robert pulled out his cell phone.
“It’s where I tried calling you from.”
“Stay with Bethany for a minute,” Robert said to Linda, as he stepped away, “while I make a call.”
Linda shot him a look of annoyance at his name choice, but he probably didn’t notice as he rushed away, punching numbers into his phone.
“She didn’t hurt you, did she?” Linda asked, cupping Bethany’s face in her hands.
“No, she knows better than to try that,” Bethany said, then after seeing the look of confusion on Linda’s face she explained. “Father’s getting out of prison today, and she only took me so I’d be there when he gets out. She’s scared of what he’ll do if I’m not home when he gets there, but more scared of him seeing me with bruises.”
Linda drew her hand away and placed it against her swollen face. “So she obviously doesn’t care about me.”
“No, I don’t think so.” Bethany’s eyes narrowed. “She told me about you and father. She told me about her baby.”
Linda’s face grew paler with every word.
“She told me about how you gave me away then disappeared.”
Linda opened her mouth as wide as she could, but nothing came out. She wobbled and grasped her head as if she was going to faint, but Bethany grabbed her arms and steadied her.
“I saw the picture.”
Linda stopped her fainting act and focussed her attention on Bethany. “Picture?”
“Our picture.”
Linda’s face grew even more confused.
“Father and Meredith, at the cabin. Oh, and you were there holding me.”
Linda folded to the ground like a rag doll and suddenly Bethany didn’t think her fainting act was an act at all.
Chapter 49

“She just collapsed,” Bethany said, turning in her seat to watch Linda lying in back. “We were talking and she dropped to the ground right at my feet.”
“I told her she should’ve gone to the hospital. Did you see the size of that welt Meredith gave her? It was enough to even make me cringe.” Robert took a quick peek back then settled his eyes on Bethany. “I should have forced her to go.”
“But she’s fine, right. You said it yourself. Her pulse is strong and her breathing is normal.”
“Yes, but that doesn’t rule out all the possibilities. I’m an investigator, not a doctor.”
Bethany turned away. “It’s not from the hit on her head.”
The car slowed slightly. “What?”
“It’s not from her injury. It’s from what I told her.” Bethany glanced back at Linda, if only to avoid Robert’s gaze. “I don’t think she could handle it.”
“What could you’ve possibly told her to put her in this condition?”
“Well, Meredith told me how Linda dumped me at their house and ran away.”
“And you confronted her with that after the head trauma?”
Bethany paused and tightened her lips. “I confronted her with the truth.”
“Meredith’s truth!” Robert said a little too harshly.
“Linda didn’t deny it. Besides, Father can verify it.”
“I’m sorry, Bethany. It’s not your fault. I shouldn’t have jumped all over you like that.”
“That’s okay.” Bethany drew a deep breath and reached out to touch Robert’s arm. “Robert, that’s not what caused her to faint.”
He raised an eyebrow. “No?”
“I told her about the picture on the cabin wall.”
Robert shrugged.
“There was a picture of Father and Meredith… And Linda was there, too, holding me.”
Robert’s jaw dropped open and he glanced behind at Linda. “That would do it, all right. But why would she take you up there?”
“That’s what I wanna know. Meredith didn’t really say and I don’t think Linda would remember it. The nearest I can figure, Father was trying to get Linda to give me up for adoption.”
For five minutes the car was silent except for the hum of the tires until Robert’s phone vibrated in the console, then began its high-pitched ring.
“Knight Investigations.” Robert listened for a minute. “Are you sure… Nowhere? Yeah, an old blue pick-up truck… No, no positive ID… Yeah, she can probably give you the directions.”
Bethany tried to shake off the phone but Robert practically held it to her face. “Hello?”
She retraced her steps from the cabin to the diner, trying to give the police the location where Meredith and Grant might be holding up. After she was finished providing all the help she could, Bethany handed the phone back to Robert, who continued a heated conversation for a few more minutes before hanging up.
“What was that all about?” Bethany asked.
“Nothing, they just wanted me to take you back to their headquarters so you could answer more questions and file a report.”
“But I told them everything I knew. I didn’t actually see Grant’s face, but I know that was his truck.”
“Don’t worry, Bethany,” Robert patted her leg, “we’re not going back. If they need more information, they can call me back. Besides, the truck was long gone by the time they got there.”
“And the people inside?” Bethany held her breath.
“They’re alive.” Robert refused to make eye contact.
“Are they hurt?”
“Let’s just say they were roughed up.” Bethany held her gaze on Robert. “Everyone gets roughed up at least once in their life. Look back there, she’s a prime example.”
Turning to face Linda, Bethany asked, “So, what are we gonna do with her?”
“We could shave her eyebrows.” Robert smiled. “Or dump her in a ditch.”
“Seriously.”
“When we get to my place, we’ll try the smelling salts. If that doesn’t work, we’ll have to take her to the hospital and have them run some tests.”
“Your place? Why not drop us off at our house then go for the salts?”
“Because we’re not going back to your house for a few days. If Meredith’s still on the loose and Grant’s busting up diners to get to you, then I think my place might be a little safer.”
“But who’ll protect us?” Bethany giggled, inching away from Robert. “You’re only a private investigator.”
Chapter 50

Robert scooped Linda up under the arms and hoisted her from the back seat. Bethany stood beside the open door, ready to help carry her mother up the front walkway, but Robert didn’t seem to need any help.
Amazed at his sheer strength, Bethany felt secure knowing he was there to protect her.
Yeah, just try something Grant, and Robert will beat you senseless like he did Frank.
“Here, Bethany,” Robert said, dangling the keys from his fingers. “Open the door.”
After hurrying up the steps and unlocking the door, Bethany stepped inside and waited for Robert and his bundle to pass. It wasn’t more than thirty seconds when the panel on the wall started beeping with increased frequency. Lifting Linda higher in his arms, Robert struggled to punch in the disarm code on the alarm.
Once done, Linda let a little moan escape, settling quickly back into her slumber as Robert followed Bethany across the foyer into the front room. After setting her gently down on the couch, Robert straightened and stretched out his back.
“I’m glad she’s not big and fat. My back wouldn’t take much more lifting.”
“Come on, you lifted her like she was a pillow.”
“A pillow filled with cement,” Robert said, heading for the closet. After opening the door, he pulled out a steel box and carried it over to the coffee table, then removed a small bottle of Ammonium Carbonate and twisted off the lid.
“This stuff is 99 percent guaranteed to work.”
“Or you get your money back?”
As Robert waved the bottle past Bethany’s nose, she shot backwards almost toppling to the floor.
“That stuff’s terrible!”
“Exactly, that’s why it works so well.” Robert held the small bottle under Linda’s nose, waving it back and forth a few times.
Bethany watched, amazed at the sudden reaction as Linda’s eyes flickered. In only a few seconds the liquid did what they couldn’t do in the car.
“Maybe I can keep that stuff with me, you know, just in case,” Bethany said.
“You shouldn’t need it anymore.” Robert narrowed his eyes at Bethany. “Just don’t give her any more surprises, understand?”
Feeling a wave of guilt over what had happened to her mother, Bethany avoided his gaze. It’s not my fault what she did in the past. It’s not my fault that she can’t remember all the bad things she’s done.
“Can you get your mother a glass of water?”
Glad to get away from the tension, Bethany hurried into the adjoining room and rummaged through the cupboards.
“The glasses are beside the microwave,” Robert yelled as he continued to work on Linda. “Grab yourself something to drink while you’re in there.”
Bethany returned a minute later handing the glass of water to Robert and setting a bottle of beer down on the table, then snapping open a can of pop.
“Oh… Thanks, but I shouldn’t.”
“Go ahead,” Bethany coached, “you’re not working right now. Besides you wouldn’t have it in the house if you didn’t drink.”
“What if someone comes looking for you or your mother?”
“I’ve seen you fight when you’re sober and I’m sure you’re even better when you’re drunk.”
“I don’t get drunk!” Robert’s face turned scarlet.
“Sorry.” Bethany couldn’t believe his outburst. “I was just kidding.” Wow, hit a nerve there now didn’t I?
Robert seemed eager to change the subject and waved the bottle under Linda’s nose again. “Linda… time to wake up.”
Bethany took this opportunity to walk around the room and get a feel for Robert by taking in every knickknack on display.
“Linda, are you with us?” Robert continued to wave the smelling salts under her nose.
“Ugh, what?” Linda’s eyes were straining to focus. “Where am I?”
“You’re at my house.”
Bethany plucked a photo from the shelf. Tell her that you just had sex. That’ll get her attention.
“Where?” Linda’s face still showed her confusion. “Why?”
“It’s a long story. Here, drink some water and you’ll feel better.” Robert slid his arm under her back, raising her almost to the sitting position, then placed the glass against her lips and watched her slowly drink.
Bethany held the picture tightly in her hands as she turned to watch Robert coddling her mother like a concerned lover. “Who’s this?” she asked, pointing to the girl beside a younger, trimmer Robert.
When Robert looked up and saw the picture, he let go of Linda. She fell back into the cushions, along with a small amount of water as he rushed to set the glass down before racing across the room and snatching the photo from Bethany’s hands.
Shocked, she took a step backwards. “What are you gonna do? Smash it like Meredith did.”
Robert’s eyes remained glued to the picture. “I’m… sorry. Sometimes it still bothers me.”
“What,” Bethany closed the distance, “the picture?”
Teary eyed, Robert nodded. He blinked rapidly as Bethany placed her hand on his arm. “Who is she, your daughter?”
“Tara…” Robert nodded. “She’s been missing for fifteen years.”
“Missing—as in runaway?”
“No, missing as in kidnapped.”
Bethany couldn’t hide her look of shock. Oh, that explains why you’re so protective of me.
Storming to the coffee table, Robert snatched up the beer and guzzled it down. “Go ahead, say it!”
Bethany narrowed her eyes, unsure what he meant.
“Say it!” Robert launched the bottle into the fireplace. It shattered and Linda snapped wide awake.
“What?” Bethany begged, trying to defuse the situation.
“You’re a Private investigator,” Robert said in a mocking tone, “so find her!”
Chapter 51

“I’d never say anything that mean,” Bethany said, standing like a statue, shocked at Robert’s outburst.
“But you thought it, didn’t you?” Robert collapsed into the armchair with the photo clenched tightly in his hand.
“Actually, no. It never crossed my mind. Nothing crossed my mind. I was too stunned by what you said.” Bethany walked to Robert and stood with her hand outstretched, but he sat staring at the photo of his only daughter, totally oblivious of Bethany.
“Here.” Bethany tugged the photo free of Robert’s grip and raised it to her eyes. “She’s so pretty.”
“Like her mother.” Robert hung his head into his hands, fighting the memories that threatened to spilt open his heart.
“How old is she?”
“In the picture?” Robert took a quick glance before hanging his head again. “Ten,” he croaked. “She’s twenty-five now.”
“She’s still…” Bethany swallowed hard, “alive?”
It seemed to take forever for Robert to speak, but when he finally found enough courage to meet Bethany’s gaze, his red eyes were spilling tears. “I have to believe she’s still out there—Somewhere.”
“Of course you do.” Bethany tried to sound positive, but didn’t pull it off. “She could be out there looking for you right now. Maybe one day she’ll show up on your doorstep.”
“I know the odds are against her turning up alive,” Robert shook his head, “but I have to have faith. I have to believe she’s still alive and waiting for me to rescue her. The problem is I have no idea where to look.”
“The police could—”
“No!” Robert yelled, slamming his fist on the arm of the chair.
“but—”
“I was the police when this happened. The department turned their back on the investigation. They turned their back on me.”
“Oh, so that’s why you quit and became a private investigator?”
Robert nodded.
“There’s gotta be someone out there who’ll help you.”
“It’s been too long. Nobody will lend a hand with a cold case.”
“but—”
“No buts. If I ever find her, it’ll have to be on my own.”
Bethany took one final look at the photo and crossed the room to where she first touched the picture. She heard the groan of the chair and turned to see Robert glancing at Linda, who was out again, before disappearing into the kitchen.
Resisting the urge to follow and comfort him, Bethany sat beside her mother and used the smelling salts to bring her back again.
After a few whiffs, Linda’s eyes opened and she smiled up at Bethany. “Jasmine?”
Even after all this, she still insists on calling me by that name.
“Yes, Mother. I mean, Mommy. I’m here.” She stroked the side of Linda’s head, careful to avoid the swollen area. “How are you feeling?”
Linda glanced around the room and knitted her brows together. “Robert’s house… Why?”
“He said it was safer to stay here.”
“But I don’t want to stay,” Linda tried to sit up, but after only lifting her legs an inch off the couch, she gave up on the idea.
“Just for a little while, Mommy. Do you remember what Meredith did to you?”
Linda’s shaky fingers slowly touched her face, bringing a wince of pain with them.
“Meredith’s still out there, somewhere, and she might actually kill you the next time.”
“But why? Why does she hate me so much?”
Because you gave me away, then snatched me back after she got attached, Bethany thought, but then remembered Robert’s warning of no more surprises. “I don’t know, Mommy.”
Linda craned her neck, looking around the room. “Where’s Robert?”
“In the kitchen. I’ll go get him.” Bethany took one last look at her battered mother then crossed the room and entered the kitchen. Stepping through the door, she realized how much Robert still blamed himself for his daughter’s disappearance, because there he sat at the kitchen table with half a bottle of alcohol before him.
“Robert, no!” Bethany moved toward him as he chugged another mouthful of the brown liquid.
“Enough!” she screamed, pulling the bottle, uncontested, from his hands and setting it on the counter. “Drinking isn’t gonna change what happened. We need you sober—Tara needs you sober.”
Robert looked up, ashamed at his actions. “I only had a few drinks. It’s nothing. The bottle was already half empty.”
Bethany took a seat at the table, wondering if Robert was telling her the truth. I guess I’ll find out in a few minutes. 
“Bethany… “ Robert trailed off, but she waited for him. “I told you that I was a cop before I was an investigator.”
Bethany nodded.
“Do you know why your father went to prison?”
“Medical malpractice,” Bethany stated. “Someone died in his care.”
Robert shook his head. “No, that’s not it.”
“What do you mean, no?”
“Sorry, Bethany, but I was one of the cops who investigated the accident. The evidence was enough to put your father away.”
“What? What evidence?” Bethany stammered. “What accident?”
“The one your mother was involved in.”
Chapter 52

“What are you saying?” Bethany said, gripping the kitchen table tightly. “My father caused the accident that killed my aunt and almost killed my mother?”
“I know it’s hard to accept after all these years of being lied to, but I was with the department. I saw the video tape.”
“Video tape?” Bethany felt totally confused now. “What video tape?”
Robert took a deep breath and avoided Bethany’s glare. “The bridge that your mother’s car crashed over had a traffic camera. It was set up just prior to the intersection before the bridge, you know, to monitor traffic congestion.”
Bethany didn’t say a word. She only continued to concentrate on what Robert was saying.
“When the police got to the scene, they found her car submerged in the river. Someone had already stopped and rescued your mother before the car went under, but…”
“But not my aunt.”
“No. They couldn’t get her out.”
“So they just let her drown?”
“Bethany,” Robert pleaded, “the car was severely damaged. Besides, your aunt was dead before she hit the water.”
“Oh…” A little anger subsided at these words as she visualized the car crashing over the bridge.
Robert reached across the table and held Bethany’s hands. “Linda couldn’t tell us anything, so the police got a copy of the traffic tape.”
“So, what did it show?”
“It was rainy and dark, but it did show Linda’s car passing through the intersection on her way to the bridge, and your father’s car was identified racing up behind.”
“That’s all you know. He was driving behind them on the bridge.” Bethany got to her feet and paced the small kitchen.
“Dan denied it.” Robert tried to give a reassuring smile, but it didn’t quite materialize. “He said he would never hurt her. He even admitted he was the father of her child and was only following her out of concern.”
“Did you believe him?”
“Yes.” Robert nodded. “The jury did too.”
Bethany felt her head swim. “Then why is he in prison?”
“They appealed the decision and the second trial was hung, but the third was a charm. After weighing all the evidence, the jury found him guilty of involuntary manslaughter.”
Bethany spun on Robert. “Manslaughter!”
“No, involuntary manslaughter. They didn’t believe he did it intentionally, so they settled for involuntary.”
“But how could they do that? They didn’t see him run her off the road and she doesn’t remember anything.”
“Whether she could remember anything or whether she did remember anything is up for debate.”
“What are you talking about, Robert? She told me that she doesn’t remember anything. Not Father. Not Grandma. Not even me!”
“But even if she couldn’t remember it, she still might have been coached into remembering enough to put your father away.”
“Grandma Taylor?” Bethany arched an eyebrow. “But why would she wanna punish Father like that?”
“This is only my theory. Many different theories were going around during the case, but when your witness can’t even remember her name, no one will ever know the truth.”
Bethany wondered if the brown liquid would help get rid of the pain in her chest she was feeling right now. It was the same feeling she got when Linda let it slip that she might not be her mother, but her aunt instead.
“Robert…” Bethany started, but ran to the sink instead and vomited. After a few dry heaves and a rinse with water, she continued with her question. “You know they were twins, right?”
Robert nodded, looking intently at Bethany as she wiped her mouth on the back of her hand.
“Is there a chance they might have mixed up their identities?”
“You mean, tagged the wrong body?”
Nodding, Bethany said, “Could they have got them mixed up? After all, they did look identical.”
Robert thought a moment. “I wasn’t involved directly in that portion of the investigation, but I guess if they were identical twins and neither one had solid identification on their bodies.”
“What do you mean?”
Robert rubbed his temples for a few seconds. “At least with male victims, they carry identification directly on their bodies. Women, on the other hand, carry it in their purses. And in an accident they might get mixed up.”
The room was silent as Robert processed all the new information and possibilities. Finally after much consideration, Robert spoke, “It could be possible that they mixed them up. The responding officers would have no idea that the survivor would have no memory of her previous life. Therefore, they wouldn’t think to process the scene to decide the owner of each purse.”
“So,” Bethany placed her palms flat on the table and leaned toward Robert, “the only one who could tell them apart would be someone close to them. Someone who raised them from childhood. But what if that same person manipulated the survivor to be my mother—No matter which one survived.”
Robert’s mouth fell open. “Then that person would be sick.”
“Sick enough to frame my Father.”
“I guess deep down inside I asked myself that same question. But I could never think a mother would do something so terrible.”
“Maybe she didn’t think it was wrong. Maybe she was only looking out for me.” Bethany’s face grew white again as she recalled what Linda had told her that day in the car. You even noticed a difference in me.
“Robert,” Bethany said. “I don’t think that woman out there is my mother.”
“So you think that’s Laura filling in for Linda?”
Bethany nodded slightly. “Yes.”
Robert closed his eyes and rubbed his temples harder. “This is too twisted.”
“If only we could see that tape from the bridge. Maybe we could find some clue to tell who was driving.”
“The tape’s not that great. It’s all grainy and the rain didn’t help.”
“The tape is,” Bethany asked. “As in, still is?”
“Yes.” Robert looked slightly embarrassed. “I kept a copy of it. You don’t know how often I’ve watched it.”
Her heart pounded harder. “It’s here?”
Robert nodded.
“What are you waiting for?” Bethany tugged on his arm. “Go get it!”
Chapter 53

Bethany followed Robert through the front room, past Linda sleeping on the couch, and into the den. The den was set up like a makeshift office. The desk was crowded with books and folders, and in the corner was a small television and VCR.
Robert opened a steel filing cabinet and rummaged through the contents until he found the tape labelled, Taylor. He paused on his way to the VCR and looked sternly at Bethany.
“You have to promise you’ll never tell anybody about this tape.”
Bethany nodded and took a seat on the folding chair beside the wall.
“Cause if it gets out that I have evidence in my possession.” Robert shook his head. “I hate to think what will happen to me.”
“Don’t worry, Robert. Nobody will ever know.”
After switching the television on, Robert slid the tape into the machine. It hummed to life and the fuzzy video began to roll.
“I’ll warn you now that the quality isn’t that great. Those traffic cameras aren’t the best on the market. The counter in the top corner is set slightly before Linda’s car passes by.” Robert pointed to the screen. “You’ll see her silver Tercel approaching the intersection, right now.”
Bethany sat forward in the chair, hoping to get a sneak peek at her mother’s face, but as the car passed in the darkness, she realized the tape held no such thing. The picture was fuzzy and the speed which they travelled combined to give nothing more than a grainy picture of what could be anybody.
“You can’t even make out that it was them,” Bethany said.
“Exactly, that’s why we slow motioned the tape and took some still shots from the video.”
“Where?” Bethany looked at Robert, but his eyes were glued to the screen.
“Just wait. Here comes your father now.”
“Where?”
“Right here.” Robert paused the tape on the image of Dan’s blue Malibu.
“But he’s so far behind. There’s no way he could’ve caught up and forced them off the road.”
“Exactly, but the jury felt he could’ve at the speed he was driving.” Robert pressed the play button and the traffic resumed, then the video jumped to a slow motion close up.
“In this enhanced version you can make out both occupants of Linda’s car.”
“What’s she doing?” Bethany pointed to the passenger. The place where the survivor was seated—The place where Linda was supposed to be.
“Smoking or maybe chewing on a pen?” Robert froze the video, then shuffled it ahead a few frames. “I’d say a pen or pencil.”
Bethany wondered if the woman out in the other room was also a pen chewer.
Robert resumed the video and watched as Dan’s close-up appeared. The car slowly moved past and Bethany recognized the man she used to know.
Prison definitely has changed him, Bethany thought. After a few seconds, she pulled her eyes from the television and turned to Robert. “So if you didn’t think he caused the accident then why didn’t you stop them from sending him to prison?”
“It doesn’t work that way.” Robert laughed. “Believe me, I questioned their theory and received only backlash from the department.”
“Why would they do that?”
“They thought I’d gone soft after my wife died. They said I was unstable and infatuated with the victim.”
“Infatuated? With my mother.” Bethany smirked. “I knew it all along. You love her.”
“I don’t love her,” Robert said, blushing. “I’ve come to like her a lot over the years.”
“Infatuation that gets you kicked off a case doesn’t take years.”
“I never got kicked off the case!” My services were needed elsewhere in the department.”
Bethany rolled her eyes. Reaching out, she rewound the tape then froze it on the picture of her mother and aunt, side by side.
“Even if my Aunt Laura was the survivor, I don’t see why Grandma would do such a thing. If my mother did die, why not tell me and let us live a normal life.”
Bethany looked pleadingly at Robert. “Why did she come back for me after all these years?”
“I honestly don’t know.” Robert turned away. “She was living in New York, apparently working at a department store and trying to make it as an artist. When your grandmother passed away she came back to bury her and quickly moved into your grandmother’s house. It was only a matter of a few days later that she wanted to get the custody papers going, but…”
“But, what?”
“Nothing. It’s just that she didn’t seem in a real rush to actually get you back, only to get the custody started.”
“Why would she do that?”
Robert shrugged his shoulders, then stood up. “There must have been some reason.”
“Like what?”
Robert walked to the door, avoiding Bethany’s gaze. “Beats me.”
Chapter 54

Just as Robert reached the couch, there was a knock on the front door. He motioned for Bethany to stay in the den, out of sight, but she had her own agenda. Out she came, warding off the daggers Robert was shooting her way.
“Stay in there,” Robert demanded. “It might be Meredith, or even Grant.”
“No.” Bethany stood her ground. “I’m not hiding anymore. I need answers and they might have them. Besides, with you standing guard at the door, nothing could happen.”
“Yeah, nothing,” Robert said sarcastically. The knocking came again, but harder this time followed a moment later by the doorbell. Robert peeked through the side window, spotting the police car in the driveway. Quickly, without looking through the peephole and asking for identification, he opened the door.
“Robert Knight?” the young officer asked as he looked up into Robert’s weary face.
“Yes.” Robert stepped through the doorway, forcing the officer out onto the porch. He pulled the door shut, but it hit his shoe and remained open a crack.
Quietly, Bethany crossed to the door and carefully opened it enough to see the side of the officer’s face. 
“Um… the Conestogo Lake Police Office sent me here. I have a few questions for you and some information about the case.” The officer leaned closer, apparently smelling the alcohol on Robert’s breath and reached to his side, fingering his baton.
“Tell me the information first, then I’ll see about the questions.” Robert forced him back another step, then crossed the porch and took a seat on the old wicker chair.
The officer followed, but remained standing. “Perhaps we could go inside to discuss this matter. It’s not something I feel the entire neighbourhood should hear.”
“No,” Robert said defiantly. “Go ahead. This is fine.”
“If you don’t mind me asking, what are you hiding inside?” The officer walked to the window and peered through the gap in the drapes, then jumped when Bethany opened the front door and stepped out.
“Robert, I wanna hear this too.”
“Go back inside.” The chair legs wobbled as Robert scooted forward. “This doesn’t concern you.”
“Yes, it does!” Bethany stepped outside and slammed the door.
Standing up, Robert started toward her, but the officer held up his hands and motioned for Robert to back off. “Actually, this concerns her… that is if this is Bethany?”
Robert continued forward, forcing the officer to take a step backward until Bethany’s voice cut through his anger. “Robert, that’s enough! Sit down and listen to what he has to say before you get yourself tossed in jail.”
He looked over the officer’s head and locked eyes with Bethany, but she returned his stare and willed herself not to give in. “I said, sit down! You’re supposed to protect me, and if you get tossed in jail then you can’t do that.”
“Fine,” Robert walked past them both and opened the front door. “Come inside and make yourself comfortable. Have a seat, just not on the couch.”
“Is she okay?” the officer asked, rushing to the couch and instinctively pressing his fingers to Linda’s wrist.
“Yeah, she’s fine. It’s been a long day and the excitement was too much for her.”
“What happened to her head?”
Robert waved him off. “She got the crap kicked out of her,” he said, turning his attention to Bethany. “You fill him in.”
Bethany started from where Meredith appeared on her doorstep, right up to the present situation.
The officer sat on the end of the couch, taking notes. He nodded occasionally, but his eyes revealed just how much he didn’t know.
“And you can confirm this?” He turned to Robert who snapped fully awake.
“Um… Yes, everything I was present for.”
“I must say, this makes a little more sense now.”
“What does?” Robert asked.
“The Conestogo Lake Office wanted me to relay information. The suspect vehicle was reported stolen early this morning. It was last seen when the owner went to bed, and as far as the person who you identified as the possible culprit, they have an alibi for last night and today.”
Bethany paced the floor. “It had to be him. I wish I’d seen his face, but—”
“It wouldn’t have made any difference.” The officer flipped through his note pad. “The victims inside the diner said he was wearing a mask. Neither one could give a positive ID.”
“Who else could it be,” Bethany wondered. “Frank?”
“The suspect’s son?” The officer stood and walked to the door. “We can’t go around accusing people without solid evidence.”
“It couldn’t have been Bryce, he’s too small,” Bethany pondered. “The only other person who could fit the size would be…” Father?
“Who?” the officer asked.
“Like you said, we can’t just guess.”
Pausing halfway through the doorway, the officer called back, “By the way, I suggest you contact a Mr. Dan Rosehart and try to work out this custody dispute. He’s not keen on the way things have gone down and he’s threatening to take legal action.”
Robert waved him off again. “Trust me, everything’s been handled correctly. Dan has no claim to custody.”
“If you say so.”
“What about Meredith?” Bethany clung to the door before he could close it. “Did they find her?”
“Meredith?” The officer flipped through his notebook. “Your other mother. No, they never mentioned finding her, but don’t worry, they’ll keep looking until she turns up.”
As the door slid shut and the footsteps on the porch drifted away, Bethany walked over to where Robert was fighting the affects of the alcohol. “I don’t mind if Father wants to see me again. Actually, we had a nice visit last time with him.”
“Maybe he could take you on a nice picnic with Meredith, Frank and Grant.”
“That’s not fair. He’d never put me in harm. He loves me and would do anything to protect me.” Bethany smiled and looked into Robert’s red eyes. “Just like you.”
Robert tilted his head back and closed his eyes tightly. He waved Bethany away, but before she gave him breathing room, she saw the tears welling in the corner of his lids.
I hope those are tears of happiness from what I said and not tears of grief for Tara.
Chapter 55

Bethany sat in the den watching the video repeatedly, trying to distinguish the difference between the two women in the car, and also trying to read her father’s facial expression. But no matter how many times she watched the images, she couldn’t believe that the look on her father’s face was one of vengeance.
“It’s impossible. There’s no way he could’ve done that.” Bethany froze the tape on Dan’s face. “No way at all.”
The phone rang and she contemplated picking up the extension in the den, but as Robert’s footsteps pounded through the front room, she knew he’d pick it up in time.
Getting to her feet, Bethany approached the door and listened to his heated conversation. Maybe it’s Father? But after another minute she knew who it was—Judge Peabody.
“Looks like the custody papers weren’t complete,” Bethany muttered, turning the knob and slowly opening the door. Robert glanced in her direction, almost expectantly.
Quickly he broke eye contact and lowered his voice. He turned his back to Bethany and acknowledged the judge’s orders, then hung up.
“That’s the judge, right?” Bethany asked, crossing the room.
Robert nodded and walked to the window. “He wants to see all of us tomorrow morning in his chambers.”
She felt the colour drain from her face. “Is he gonna send me back to the farm?”
“I won’t allow that.”
“But what if he tries to?”
“I said I won’t allow that.” Robert turned to face her. “You have to believe me.”
“I do believe you, but I… I don’t mind living with Dan, but I’m scared of what Meredith might do.” Bethany shivered. “And I never wanna go back to the farm, ever!”
“Don’t worry, Judge Peabody isn’t about to put you in any physical harm. I’ve known him for years and we have an understanding.”
“What kind of understanding?” Bethany wondered if Robert had done special work for him in the past.
“I told him about Frank. I’m sorry for going behind your back, but it’s better that he hears it before we get into the dispute.” Robert took hold of Bethany’s hand and held it tight. “I anticipated Dan might go this route and I couldn’t allow you to be put back with Frank, so I did what I had to do. I told him what happened in the barn.”
Bethany felt her face start to burn. “I already knew. He sorta let it slip.”
Robert looked shocked. “He told you?”
“Not in so many words. But hey, I’m pretty smart.”
“So you’re not angry.” Robert ruffled her hair.
“You were protecting me, not gossiping. There’s a difference. Now,” Bethany motioned to the couch, “if you would’ve told Linda, then I’d—”
“Never!” Robert said a little too loud. “There’s no need for her to know, because nothing happened.”
“What… happened?” Linda’s voice brought silence to the room.
Rushing to her side, Bethany asked, “How long have you been awake, Mommy?”
Linda looked around, trying to sit up, then gave in to her pounding headache and collapsed back onto the cushions. “Long enough to hear you two conspiring against me.”
“Conspiring?” Bethany laughed. “We weren’t conspiring. Robert was telling me about, um… Meredith getting away.” She looked wide-eyed. “Right, Robert?”
“Yeah, somehow she managed to get away, but the police are searching for her right now. But see, you didn’t need to know that. It probably only upset you, didn’t it?”
“No… Um…” Linda tried to focus. “So everything’s good. Jasmine’s back with us and we can go back to my house.”
“Oh, your house.” Robert forced a laugh. “I don’t think that’s a good idea with Meredith on the loose. Besides whoever was driving Grant’s truck might still be looking for Bethany.”
“Jasmine will be fine. If you’re worried about us that much, then you can come stay for a few days until you’re satisfied.”
“Linda, look at you. You’ve had the shit kicked out of you by Meredith and the next time I’m sure she’ll kill you. If you think I’m going to let you leave this house today then you’re crazier than Meredith.”
Bethany took Linda’s hand. “And trust me, she’s messed up.”
Looking from Bethany to Robert, Linda said, “But I want to go home.”
“I know, Mommy, but Robert has the alarm system and nobody will ever chance coming here.”
Linda sighed in defeat. “Fine, but only for a couple of days.”
“That might be all you have if Dan gets his wish,” Robert mumbled as he walked to the kitchen.
“What did he say?”Linda asked once Robert had left the room.
“Nothing, Mommy.” She pulled Linda forward and propped another pillow behind her back. “What was Grandma like?”
“Grandma? My mother?” Linda’s face softened as she mulled over the question. “All I remember is from the accident on. I really wish I knew what she was like when I was growing up. From the pictures, she seemed like a nice enough person. Me and Laura had plenty of toys and endless matching clothes.”
“I didn’t see any photo albums in the house.”
“That’s because I put them under my bed for safe keeping.” Linda looked around to make sure Robert wasn’t in the room. “Actually, I like to look at them before I go to sleep. I like to imagine what we were doing when they took each picture. It’s probably no different than a stranger looking at the photo, because I wasn’t really there. Honestly, I don’t even know who’s who in the pictures. It could be me and Laura, or Laura and me.”
“So, you don’t even get a feeling of which one you are?”
Linda’s eyes clouded as she shook her head. “It’s strange. You’d think I’d know by instinct, but I don’t.”
“But how was Grandma after the accident?”
“More like a teacher.” Linda’s mouth tightened at the memory. “She drilled all my lost memories back into my head. It was endless, but she did teach me everything that I’d lost. Your likes and dislikes, my likes and dislikes, and even your birth date.”
Chapter 56

The next morning, after Linda learned the nature of the meeting with Judge Peabody, she insisted Robert escort her and Bethany home so they could get fresh clothing and cleaned up.
“Look at this mess!” Linda said, kicking a book to the side as she entered. “The stairway’s ruined and the books are all over the place. What was she thinking?”
“Revenge,” Robert said.
“Revenge for what?” Linda turned to face Robert. “Having a baby.”
“Taking me back, I’m guessing.” Bethany patted her hand. “But forget about this stuff. The only thing that’s important is getting the custody settled.”
“You’re right.” Linda smiled. “Once I get full and complete custody they’ll never bother you again. We’ll even get a restraining order.”
“But, I still wanna see Father.” The smile on Linda’s face shattered with that one sentence.
“Why? Why would you want to see him?”
“Cause he still loves me… And he’s always been good to me.”
Linda’s face puckered. “Go grab a change of clothes from my closet and make it fast.” When she thought Bethany was out of earshot, she turned to Robert. “I don’t get it. Why would she want anything to do with them?”
“Linda, open your mind. A girl needs a father as well as a mother.” He lowered his voice to a whisper. “I’ll warn you right now that if you protest her relationship with him, she’s as good as gone.”
Linda turned, stomping toward the stairs, and Bethany hurried up the last steps and rushed down the hall.

***

“Come in, have a seat,” the receptionist said when they entered the judge’s chambers.
“Is this really necessary?” Linda asked, but the receptionist ignored her complaint and disappeared into the adjoining room.
“Linda, please,” Robert cautioned. “Let me do the talking.”
“Actually, I’d like to talk to her alone,” Judge Peabody said, entering the room. His receptionist followed, then disappeared down the long hallway and out of sight.
“Certainly, Judge. I didn’t mean it that way. I meant—”
“I know what you meant, Robert.” The judge smiled, chuckling at Robert’s discomfort, then turned to Bethany and said, “Robert and me go back quite a ways.”
“Really?” I thought you might have pulled a few strings to help get me back.
“Linda,” Judge Peabody said, turning to face her, “right this way.” He held the door open and waited until she hesitantly crossed the threshold.
“Jasmine,” Linda croaked, stopping just inside the office and clasping her hands to her chest. “She’ll be safer in here with me.”
“Nonsense, Robert’s here and I’m sure he’s capable of looking after her.”
“But?” Linda protested.
Bethany watched as the judge moved in front of Linda, blocking her view and slowly easing her far enough inside to close the door.
“Why’s she so worried about me? What does she think is gonna happen?” Bethany said, turning in her seat. But no sooner had she spoke than the entrance door opened.
She watched, eyes glued to the opening, waiting to see Meredith or Grant come barging in. She cringed back into Robert, holding her breath. A second later the figure rushed through the door and turned, staring furiously at her.
Bethany jumped, startled at his entrance. “Father?”
Dan’s eyes relaxed and within seconds his taunt jaw dropped open with surprise. “Bethany… you’re all right.”
Hands shaking, chest pounding, Bethany managed to get to her feet without collapsing back into the chair. “Father, you’re here.”
“Of course I’m here. I came for you.”
“I didn’t mean it that way. It’s just good to see you out of that place.”
Dan rushed across the room, scooping Bethany up into his arms like she weighed nothing. “It’s just good to be free again.”
“Free…” Bethany’s good mood was shattered with the question of why he wasn’t free for the last ten years. She struggled in his grip until she was firmly on the ground.
“Why were you in prison?” Bethany asked, watching the words sear his heart.
Dan glanced down at Robert sitting in the next chair. He grasped Bethany’s hand and pulled her to the other side of the room, then took a seat. But Bethany stood defiantly until he pulled her down into the next chair.
“I know we lied,” Dan said barely above a whisper.
“Everyone’s been lying to me. My whole life is nothing but a lie!” Bethany started to stand, but Dan grabbed her arm, then as if realizing his forcefulness he let go.
“I’m sorry. You were so young. How could we tell you I was going to prison for killing someone?”
Robert leaned closer, listening for some incriminating words and Dan quickly corrected his statement. “I didn’t kill her, but they,” he shot a glare back at Robert, “think I did.”
“Someone? That someone has a name. That someone might have a…” Bethany buried her face in her hands and wept.
“It’s true,” Dan said, his hand hovering above Bethany’s shoulder, “Meredith isn’t your biological mother, but that doesn’t mean she doesn’t care about you as if you were her own child.”
“She doesn’t care that you had an affair and a child with another woman?” Bethany laughed. “You mean to tell me that she doesn’t harbour resentment toward me for what you did. After all, your affair drove her to kill her own baby—Your son!”
Dan’s face turned white at the reminder of their troubled past. He swallowed several times before speaking. “I swear to you that I wasn’t having an affair with your mother when Meredith fell down the stairs.”
Bethany wanted to believe his words were the truth. She took his hand in hers as she waited for him to make eye contact. “Then whose bra did she find in your bedroom and why was she still clenching it in her hand when she launched herself off the top stair.”
Dan’s body began to shake. He pulled his hand free from her grasp and looked into his lap. “Remember when you came to visit me in prison? Remember you told me you thought Meredith was going crazy?”
Bethany nodded and braced herself for what was coming.
“It’s been a long journey for her.”
“What do you mean?”
“Meredith had good days and bad.” A fat tear fell from his cheek, landing on his pants and quickly soaked into the fabric. “Well, it was her own bra clenched in her hand that day.”
Chapter 57

“What are you saying?” Bethany stood, looking around the office for Robert.
“Meredith has always been bothered by episodes of mental instability. When she was pregnant, the hormones only intensified her condition. She became paranoid and delusional. Her doctor wanted her on medication, but she refused. She thought it might harm her baby.”
“Or,” Bethany stared at her father, “maybe save it.”
Dan straightened in his chair and brushed the tears away. “Yes, you’re right. But how was I to know that she would turn self-destructive.” His glazed eyes turned to Robert. “You have to believe me. I tried to get her to understand that the bra was hers, but she was convinced it belonged to someone else. I don’t know if she thought I was fooling around, or if it was just her mind playing tricks.”
Bethany hoped he was telling the truth, but then again, Meredith had sounded just as convincing. “When Meredith told me about it, she was convinced that you and Linda were together. And I believed her.”
“Do you still believe her?” Dan asked.
“Yes,” Bethany watched his shoulders fall. “But I believe you, too.”
“You can’t believe us both. One of us is obviously lying. And I know I’m telling the truth.”
“Meredith believes that it really happened, so she’s not lying. And I’ll bet she could pass a lie detector test.”
“You’re probably right. But the important thing is that you know what really happened.”
“Exactly, so tell me what happened on that bridge?”
“The accident?” Dan looked nervously at Robert. “He can vouch for me. I didn’t even know about it until the next day.”
“What?” Bethany couldn’t believe his blatant lie. “But I saw you driving behind her car.”
With a curious glare, Dan replied, “Yes, I was driving behind your mother’s car, but I must have been a good ten car’s behind. Not to mention the extra distance because of the rain.” He narrowed his eyes even more. “Plus the construction did nothing for the traffic.”
“That sound’s right.” Bethany nodded, noticing Robert’s firm stare. “With the rain and night time.”
“I tried calling your mother when I got home, but she wasn’t at her apartment. I figured she’d left you with her mother, but I didn’t dare call there.”
“So, you were following her?” Bethany let go of his hands.
“Yes, I told Meredith I had to report to the hospital for an emergency, but I followed Linda instead. I had to see her. I had to know her answer.”
“If she’d give me up to you and Meredith?”
Dan shook his head. “No, if she would marry me if I got a divorce.”
“But I saw the picture at the cabin, and Meredith told me about the deal to get her to give me up.”
“Yes, that was Meredith’s idea. But when Linda refused, Meredith freaked out and I realized that I couldn’t go on living a lie. She wasn’t the same person I married.”
“Oh…” Bethany drew a deep breath then let it slowly out. “So, what happened on the bridge?”
“I don’t know.” Dan shrugged. “It was raining so hard I could barely see the car in front. I must have driven past the point where they went off the bridge, because there wasn’t any sign of them all the way to your grandmother’s. Then after half an hour of waiting I gave up and went home to find Meredith passed out.”
Hands shaking, Bethany asked, “You drove by and left my mother there to die?”
“Bethany!” Robert barked, his eyes barely slits. “Leave the past alone.”
Dan jumped at the sudden outburst. “If I’d known that she was down there in danger I would’ve stopped and helped, but believe me, I wish things had turned out differently. I wish I could’ve helped your aunt.”
“Don’t worry,” Bethany turned away, “she’s fine.”
 “Why don’t you come sit back over here, Bethany?” Robert said, sitting forward in the chair.
“She’s fine, Robert. I’m her father and I’ll take care of her now.”
When Bethany started to stand, she felt Dan’s hand on her arm. “Robert’s right, I should sit back over there.” She shrugged off his touch and crossed the room to her original seat.
“You’ve got her trained already?” Dan bellowed. “How can you live with yourself?” He stood and drew back his shoulders. “Why don’t you go back to the police force and leave them alone?”
Robert jumped to his feet, sending the chair bouncing back into the wall.
“Robert, sit down!” Bethany yelled, springing to his side. She turned to her father. “If Linda comes out of that office and sees me sitting over there with you, she’ll rip your head off.”
Dan smirked. “I guess you’re right. She does get worked up since the accident.”
Bethany turned back to Robert. “Why can’t I ask him about who survived?”
He spun her around so Dan couldn’t see their faces. “Go ahead if you don’t mind living at the farm, cause if he suspects that woman in there isn’t your mother, but really your aunt, he’ll have his lawyer all over our asses for full custody.”
“But I need to know.”
“I think you already know, and hearing it from his lips isn’t going to change the past, it’s only going to change the future.”
“But what if he doesn’t know. What if he doesn’t know that the woman he loved is dead?”
“If he really loved her, then he already knows.”
Bethany gave up and took her seat. Robert followed her lead. She could feel the tension building between the two men in her life and the silence was deafening. Bethany thought they seemed to be sizing each other up for a fight in the parking lot.
Finally the silence was too much and Bethany asked, “Father, have they found Meredith yet?”
“I guess not, cause they came by the farm asking a lot of questions yesterday.”
“Did they ask where you were yesterday?” Robert interrupted.
“As a matter of fact they did.”
“And?”
“After I got released, I took care of my mother,” Dan said defensively.
“How is Grandma?” Bethany thought back to the night she left and how frail she looked lying in bed.
“Not very good. The doctor said she’s had too much excitement lately. Her heart’s wearing down.”
Bethany turned to Robert. “I have to see her. What if she’s sick?”
“No way. There’s no way we’re going back to that zoo. Are you forgetting what happened the last time we were there? Grant shot at us. Do you remember?”
“He shot at you?” Dan roared.
Bethany nodded.
“I don’t care about you, Robert, but he should never have fired a gun at Bethany.”
“He shot at us by the tractor, then again in the car. And one bullet almost hit me!”
“Don’t worry.” Dan took a step closer. “I’ll take care of it.”
Hearing these words, Robert seemed to relax. “By the way, what was Grant doing yesterday morning?”
“You think he was involved in that diner attack?”
Robert raised an eyebrow. “It was his truck at the scene.”
“Well, my mother did call it in missing that morning.”
“Why didn’t Grant do it himself?”
“Cause he and Frank had to slip into town to get some supplies.”
Bethany and Robert exchanged glances. “So Frank’s his alibi?”
Chapter 58

When the door opened to the judge’s chambers, everyone in the waiting room fell silent. Bethany glanced between the two men. She noticed the slight grin on Robert’s face as if he couldn’t wait to see the fireworks, but Dan’s face was set in an angry mask.
“Linda,” Dan said a little too roughly.
She stopped in mid stride when her eyes fell upon the man she had loved. Bethany held a fleeting hope that with the close contact they would find the love they had lost years ago and forgive each other.
“Get away from my daughter!” Linda screamed, dashing to Bethany’s side.
Cancel that romantic evening.
“Mommy, it’s all right. Me and Father—”
“Don’t call him that—Just don’t!”
“Linda,” Dan took a step closer and Robert blocked his way. “You know I’m her father. Even if you can’t remember our time together, just look at her. She’s my daughter and I only want the best for her.”
“Then leave her alone and never come back!”
“Linda,” Judge Peabody said. “I think you need to be a little more receptive to his rights.”
“Rights? Rights! He killed my sister and tried to kill me. But he still has rights?”
Judge Peabody pulled Linda backwards and spoke just above a whisper. “Dan has every right in this world. He’s paid his debt to society and is a free man to live his life the way he wants.”
“What he wants is to take my child away from me.” Linda struggled against the judge’s restraining arm.
“Linda,” Dan lowered his voice and begged. “I only want a fair chance to see Bethany.”
“Jasmine! Her name’s Jasmine, you stupid fuck!”
Robert scooted beside Judge Peabody and grasped her arms. “Linda,” he whispered, “you have to settle down. You’re only making things worse.”
For a moment Bethany didn’t think Linda would obey, but then she suddenly stopped her ranting and held an icy glare on Dan.
“Are you done with her?” Robert asked Judge Peabody.
“Yes, she knows what’s required of herself and Beth… Jasmine.” He turned his attention to Linda. “You do remember what you have to do, don’t you?”
Linda nodded slowly. “Yes.”
“Then I’ll see you and Jasmine in two days.”
Robert ushered Linda around Dan, making sure she couldn’t reach out and strike him, then held the door open for Bethany, but she hadn’t moved an inch.
“Bethany, you coming?” But she remained in place, staring at her father. Slowly she reached out her trembling arms toward Dan, and Robert quickly pushed Linda outside.
“You can’t leave her in there with him,” Linda complained as the door shut.
“Father—”
“Please don’t call me that. Every time I hear that word I think of Meredith and how she insisted you call us by those formal names. I would have preferred daddy, dad, papa, even Dan. Anything is better than Father.” Dan laughed. “People probably think I’m your minister instead of your parent.”
Bethany tried to laugh but couldn’t even force one out. “I like >Father’, but if it bothers you I can call you something a little less formal… Dad.”
Dan wrapped his arms around Bethany, lifting her off her feet. “I like that a lot better.”
Judge Peabody cleared his throat. “I’ll be in my chambers when you’re ready, Dan.” He turned and winked at Bethany before disappearing.
When Dan released Bethany, she looked up into his face. “I don’t know what to do, Dad. I won’t see you again for a few days and if Linda gets her way I’ll never see you again.”
“She won’t get that. There’s no way they’ll give her sole custody.” Dan ran his fingers through her hair, parting it down the centre and kissed her forehead. “I won’t allow it.”
“I want to be with you too, but I can’t go back to that farm.” Bethany shivered at the mere thought. “Grandma—I have to see her.”
“I’m sorry, Bethany, she’s not feeling that great.” Dan raised her chin. “I’ll tell you what.”
Bethany’s face lit up.
“I’ll bring her with me when we meet with the judge.”
“Oh, thank you, Dad.”
“And after the judge grants me shared custody, we’ll go out for dinner and celebrate. I’ll mention it to him today and see if he’ll okay it. I know it’ll make Grandma so happy to see you. You’re all she’s talked about since I got home.”
“I really like her, too. I… only wish I could’ve known her when I was growing up.”
“She told you about their problem with Meredith, and why they wouldn’t come and visit.”
“Yeah,” Bethany shrugged, “but why didn’t you take me to see them?”
“Honestly, I couldn’t bring myself to go back there. I didn’t have a happy childhood there and I prefer to leave the past behind.”
“Dad,” Bethany hesitated for a second, “did you love Linda, or were you only interested in having a child with her?”
“Your mother was the best thing in my life. She made me feel like I’ve never felt before, and when she got in that accident, I thought I was going to die. I used to visit her every chance I could—that is when your grandmother wasn’t guarding the hospital door.”
“Didn’t Grandma like you?”
“She did, but I didn’t know if Linda would ever get her memory back, so I told your grandmother the truth—That I was your father. But when she found out I was married, she didn’t approve of my intentions.”
“What were your intentions?” Bethany held her breath.
“I would have divorced Meredith and married your mother. I even talked it over with Meredith. She had to know that our marriage was in shambles, especially after she killed our baby. Unless she was too delusional to realize what was happening.”
“But would Linda have accepted the offer?”
“No, she thought I only wanted to marry her because of the baby—because of you. But I loved her. I really did love her.”
Chapter 59

When Bethany walked out into the sparse parking lot, her heart fluttered knowing that her father was back in her life. Even with Meredith on the loose and the turmoil at the farm, Bethany suddenly felt alive, a feeling that had been missing for the last few years.
Walking past the open window, Bethany realized Linda was purposely ignoring her. So, once inside the car, she sat forward and suggested they go out shopping, something she knew Linda couldn’t refuse, but Linda remained silent as Robert slowly drove out of the parking lot and onto the roadway. With each minute her breathing settled and her body began to relax as if she was contemplating the idea.
Still refusing to make eye contact, Linda said, “She does need some clothes. God knows she can’t continue wearing my stuff forever.”
Robert looked in the rear-view mirror at Bethany and smiled. “But, first we have to visit the lab.”
Linda grumbled.
“Don’t worry, it’ll only take a few minutes. They’re expecting both of you.”
“I don’t see why they need me. Jasmine I can understand, but I’m her mother.”
“It’s a standard paternity test,” Robert said. “Legally, all people involved in the dispute must be tested.”
“But just look at us.” Linda turned to glance at Bethany. “She’s the spitting image of me.”
And your sister. Bethany thought, finding it harder and harder to hold her tongue.
“It’s a technicality,” Robert insisted. “It shuts the door on all future claims.”
Linda huffed and crossed her arms, obviously not impressed with the outcome.
“Don’t worry,” Bethany sat forward. “A simple swab and we’ll be done and on our way to the mall.”
“Mall?” Robert asked jokingly. “When you said shopping, I didn’t plan on the mall.”
“Where else would we go, Mark’s Work Warehouse?” Bethany said, getting a laugh from Linda.
Five minutes later Robert pulled the car into the parking lot and shut off the engine. Bethany climbed from the car and followed Robert and Linda into the small medical office. She knew a little about the DNA testing process and how it’s become a pretty standard test nowadays, but she still wondered just how accurate this would be.
“So, Robert.” Bethany jogged up beside him. “Is this thing guaranteed to tell me who my parents are?”
Linda overheard her question and scowled at the two of them. She quickened her pace, placing some distance between them as she headed toward the door.
Robert saw the reaction of Linda and slowed Bethany down. “It’s good. It’ll give you what you want, closure.”
“But, I don’t want closure. I wanna live with a happy family.”
“Sorry, it can’t do miracles.”
“I know… I know.”
When they walked through the door, Linda was impatiently waiting at the receptionist counter, tapping her foot on the floor.
“Will you two hurry up? You know how much I hate these places.”
Bethany looked curiously at her mother. “Actually, no, I didn’t know that. Why didn’t you just say so.?”
“I don’t like to complain.”
Robert coughed and turned toward Bethany. “Yeah, right,” he muttered.
Bethany started to smile, but held it in check as Linda grew more impatient.
“You know, they’re not going to wait forever for you to get in here,” Linda said, moving toward the first door on the right.
“They’re waiting for us?” Bethany asked.
“Yes, Peabody wants this done right away.” Linda lost her sourness and almost smiled. “I requested it.”
Bethany followed her mother, then paused at the doorway and turned to Robert. “You wanna come in, too? We might need someone to hold her down.”
Robert wandered to the magazine rack and flipped through a stack, looking for something that wasn’t outdated. “You go ahead and enjoy your time with her. Me, I’ve almost had my limit today.” He found an interesting magazine and flopped into the corner chair, then laughed at Bethany.
“What do you mean, limit? We’re staying at your place for a few days.”
“Not if I can help it.” Robert tossed the magazine down on the table. “I’ll find Meredith myself if I have to.”
Bethany wanted to joke about him not being able to find her, but she stopped herself with the memory of his missing daughter.
“Well, when you find Meredith, stick her away in the mental institution for me.”
Chapter 60

Robert stepped inside the entrance hall and disarmed the alarm, then escorted Linda and Bethany in from their shopping excursion. After all these years he’d forgotten just how painful shopping with a woman and daughter could be.
“Don’t worry. I’ll get the bags.” Robert stomped back through the front door, out onto the porch. “All fifty of them!”
Scanning the neighbourhood, everything seemed normal. There was no sign of Meredith, only nosy Barb Harris across the street, beside the empty house. Barb stood inspecting her flowers in the front yard, obviously watching the neighbourhood for some good gossip. And here’s Robert moving a woman and her daughter into his house.
“Yes, Barb, it’s Robert the mover and shaker,” he muttered, and waved as he neared his car. Barb returned the gesture, then quickly decided that her flowers were doing fine. Off she disappeared into the house, or just far enough out of sight. After pulling the many bags from the trunk, he carried them into the house and dumped them on the hallway floor.
“Miss, Miss,” Robert said sarcastically. “Your bags are here.”
Linda poked her head out of the spare room. “The bedroom will be fine.”
“I hope you like it.” Robert struggled to get his sport coat off then tossed it over the chair.
“No, I mean, can you bring the bags in here.” Linda’s muffled voice carried a hint of annoyance.
“God damn it! I’m not your slave. I’m not even your husband,” Robert muttered.
“Not even her lover,” Bethany said, stepping from the den.
Robert’s face reddened with a combination of anger and embarrassment. “Sorry, I’m not used to having company.”
“And such demanding company at that.” Bethany laughed. “Believe me, over the last few days I’ve found out just how demanding she can be.”
“I just keep telling myself that it’s only for a few days.”
“Me, on the other hand, I’m in for a life sentence.”
“With no chance of parole.” Robert tossed a few bags at Bethany.
“It’s not fair that I have to decide between a mother and father. Why can’t I have both?”
“In time your mother might find someone.”
“Find who?” Linda asked, stepping out of the spare bedroom.
“Um… Meredith.” Robert rolled his eyes at Bethany.
“Oh, that woman,” Linda declared. “It’s because of her that I’m not at home, sleeping in my own bed.” Her eyes widened and her face looked panicked.
“What is it?” Bethany asked.
“My pictures!”
Robert narrowed his eyes. “Your paintings?”
“No, remember I told you that I look at my pictures every night before bed.”
Bethany nodded and continued to empty the clothes from the bags.
“I need them.” Linda paced the room excitedly. “I need to see them so I can fall asleep.”
“A few drinks will do the same,” Robert offered, knowing where this conversation was heading.
“Robert—”
“Let me guess.” Robert tried to hide his annoyance. “You wanna go get them?”
Linda looked surprised. “No.”
Pausing halfway to his sport coat, Robert raised an eyebrow. “No?”
“I don’t feel like going out.” Linda pouted. “Would you do me a favour and—”
“Get the pictures?” Robert grabbed his coat and flung it over his shoulder then opened the front door. The alarm beeped and he quickly set it to re-arm in sixty seconds.
“There’s an album in the box under my bed. Can you grab it and the folder of loose pictures?”
Robert paused with the door half open, gazing at the timer counting down. “Anything else?”
“Actually, why don’t you just bring the entire box with you?”
“The entire box!” Robert yelled over the increasing sound of the beeps. “Is it big?”
“Big, but not heavy.” Linda turned to Bethany. “Anything you want, Jasmine?”
Bethany laughed at Robert, whose body had disappeared completely out the door, leaving only his head peering at the alarm.
“No that’s it,” Linda said as the door slammed shut.
Robert stood outside the house, resting his forehead on the brick wall. “My wife never acted like that.”
Shaking his head, he opened the car door and climbed inside. “Maybe Bethany’s right, maybe that’s not Linda.”
Robert backed the car down the driveway and tore off into the setting sun. He thought back to the first time he’d set eyes on Linda, in the hospital, right after the accident.
He would never forget the look in her eyes when he came into the room. There she was, her head wrapped in bandages with only wisps of blond hair escaping the white dressing. Even with all the bruises and swelling, he had no problem seeing how beautiful she was.
It was in her eyes that Robert found the real woman. The woman untouched by the gargoyle of a mother sitting beside the bed. In those first days after the accident, Linda was a different woman. Her eyes showed compassion for everyone and when she spoke, there were kind words about everything. The fact she couldn’t remember anything was a godsend as her fresh life was untouched by heartache and despair, but her mother, Natalie, had set out to destroy that innocence.
Robert had visited Linda every day after the accident for a week. He claimed it was strictly police work. “She might remember something new,” he’d told Natalie, but the truth was that he had found himself falling in love with this sweet innocent thing.
Her conversations were always about what life would hold if she never recovered her memory, but occasionally Linda would let a few words slip which her mother had obviously been planting in her head.
Robert had suspected what Natalie was up to and politely asked her not to continue programming her daughter in that way. Consequently, Robert found himself sitting before the Disciplinary Board the very next day. The charge was not one of prodding too closely into a mother and daughter’s relationship, but one of sexual misconduct.
Robert slammed the steering wheel as he pulled in front of Natalie’s old house.
“Sexual misconduct my ass!”
Sure I’d thought about it—even dreamt about it during those five days, but I’d never have had sex with a victim—Especially in a hospital bed.
“You lying, fucking bitch.”
Chapter 61

Robert slammed the car door shut and started across the street to Linda’s house. He paused momentarily when he saw the small light in the kitchen window.
“Probably forgot to turn that one off,” Robert said, but in the back of his mind he realized that Meredith was still on the loose.
“No, she’d never be stupid enough to come back here after what she did.” Robert thought back to his days as a police officer. “Of course she’d be stupid enough. They always come back.”
Robert pulled his gun from the holster and slowly approached the house. He quietly climbed the stairs then peered inside the large front window. Nothing inside seemed out of place, except the broken stair rail and the books scattered across the floor.
“I guess we should’ve cleaned this place up earlier.”
Satisfied the place was secure—secure enough for a big man with a gun—Robert fished the keys from his pocket and inserted them into the lock. In a moment he was standing inside the foyer, watching for any moving shadows from the kitchen.
The place was silent.
Robert started toward the kitchen and the light, but refused his need to search the entire house. No, Robert, you’re not a cop anymore. You don’t need to act like one either.
He started up the stairs and made the turn at the top, heading for the front bedroom. When he flipped on the light, he was shocked at the contrast between this room’s furniture and the rest of the house.
“Linda, you’ve been busy redecorating. How fitting that you started with your own bedroom?” Robert ran his finger across the deep wood grain of the cherry dresser, then glanced at the matching night stand. “Must’ve set you back a fortune. I guess it doesn’t matter, it wasn’t your money, now was it?”
From where Robert stood, he could see the side of the large plastic container below the edge of the bed. Down he bent, pulling lightly at the container, but it didn’t budge. He got to his hands and knees then tugged the keepsake box from its hiding place.
“Why do you need to hide this shit under your bed?” Robert continued sliding the box until it almost hit the dresser three feet away.
“Jesus Christ!” Robert struggled to grasp the handles, then plopped it down on the bed. It landed with a bounce, sending the lid toppling off.
“My, my, my, what do we have in here?” Robert recognized the photo album Linda had requested, but beside it, a bundle of letters secured with a large rubber band, caught his attention. Glancing around the room and out into the hallway, he picked the bundle up and flipped through it. All the letters were in their mailing envelopes and some never opened.
Robert recognized the address of Linda’s apartment, then an address in New York. Must be where she was staying? Robert shook his head. I shouldn’t be going through her personal stuff. I’m a professional. How would this look? He tossed the bundle into the box and grabbed the lid, but as he was replacing it he noticed the return address for the top envelope.
“Dan Rosehart?” He flipped letter by letter through the pile, studying the return addresses. “Dan, Dan, Maria?” Robert paused and read the last name. “Maria Masterson?” Well, it’s not opened so it couldn’t be anybody important. He continued flipping. “Natalie Taylor, Helen Rosehart.” That’s a weird combination. I never knew Linda corresponded with Dan’s mother.
Robert wished he had the time and courage to read all these letters. Maybe they hold secrets to what Linda’s really like underneath?
Once he packed the box and lifted it onto his gut, the telephone rang. He glanced around the room, but couldn’t find a phone so he started into the hallway, then stopped. “Maybe I shouldn’t.” He pictured Linda on the other end asking him to bring over some other useless crap and decided not to touch it.
The phone rang three more times, then the answering machine picked up. “Hello,” a raspy voice said. Robert though it sounded like a woman but couldn’t be sure. The caller waited on the line for the full two minutes until the machine disconnected.
Thinking about the light downstairs, he followed his instincts and set the box down on the bed again then made his way to the window. Outside, his car waited on the opposite side of the road, shadowed from the streetlight by the large oak tree beside the boulevard.
His cop instincts kicked into high gear and he searched the darkness for any movement. There was nothing unusual and he started to turn away when something caught his attention at the far end of the street. He watched and waited for the person to move, but they held their position strong.
Damn, I wonder if Meredith’s on the prowl?
Grabbing the box and hoisting it under his arm, Robert descended the stairs and exited the front door. He made his way across the street without looking at the suspect. After placing the box in the trunk, he started the car and slowly pulled away from the curb, all the time studying the darkness behind.
Robert pulled up to the stop sign and turned right. When he was safely out of view, he sped up, looking for the next road to circle around the block.
“Stanley Ave.” Robert turned right then sped down the dark, empty roadway. It’s probably nothing. Just someone out for a walk, stopping to watch as a neighbour’s house gets robbed. Or some crazy bitch out for revenge.
Another right, then another. The headlights spilled over the corner house and the sidewalk, but Robert peered ahead, down the street, into the darkness. His heart jumped seeing the silhouette standing in front of Linda’s house.
Jumping on the gas, the tires squealed slightly as the car picked up speed. He watched the person glance toward the car, then turn and start their quick walk in the opposite direction.
“Gotcha!” Robert said, pulling the car up close behind the woman and catching her in his high beams.
“Stop right there, Meredith!” Robert climbed from the car, anticipating that she would break into a mad dash for the backyards.
“What seems to be the problem, Officer?” the woman asked barely above a whisper.
Robert thought he recognized the voice, but couldn’t place it. He took a closer look at her face before correcting her. “I’m not the police, Ma’am.”
“Oh…” She strained her neck upwards, suddenly realizing just how large he was. “I… I don’t have any money,” she stammered, her voice dry and rough.
“I’m a private investigator.” Robert removed a card from his pocket and handed it to her. “My mistake, I thought you were someone else.”
“Who?”
“A woman involved in my client’s case.”
“Your client, Linda?”
Robert looked suspiciously at the large woman before him. Sure, she’d seen him leave the house and she obviously knows that Linda lives there. “Who are you? How do you know Linda?”
The large woman gave Robert’s card a second look, then began backing away down the sidewalk.
“I have more identification.” Robert watched the woman backpedal until she was a safe distance away, then she turned and waddled quickly to the corner.
“Wait! How do you know Linda?” Robert called but the large woman disappeared around the corner. He considered following her, but thought better of it.
Chapter 62

“Hey, Linda,” Robert said, entering the front room and setting the box of mementos down on the coffee table. “Guess who I ran into outside your house?”
Linda stepped out from the spare bedroom and shrugged her shoulders. “I don’t know.”
“Meredith?” Bethany said, racing from the den, anxious to get the details.
Robert turned to her. “No, not Meredith.”
“Stop the charades. Who was it?” Linda snapped.
“Charades?” Robert turned and studied Linda’s bruised face. “I just asked if you knew this woman.”
“Woman?” Linda’s face turned serious.
“Yeah, she seemed to know you. I spotted her hiding down the street watching me.” Robert took off his jacket and laid it over the back of the chair. “She was a large woman, dark hair, scratchy voice.”
Maria? Bethany thought, watching Linda’s jaw drop open at the description.
“Nope.” She shook her head. “Can’t say I know her.”
“Maybe it was a neighbour or an old friend?” Robert prodded.
“I don’t know, maybe it was a neighbour. I can’t be asked to keep track of everyone.” Linda started for the kitchen. “Anyone want a cup of tea?”
Robert kept his eyes locked on Linda. “She asked about you.”
Linda froze in place.
“She even knows your name.”
“Sorry.” Linda disappeared through the door. “Can’t help you,” she called back.
Robert’s face lit up like he suddenly remembered something and off he went into the kitchen. Bethany wanted to follow, but knew an argument was brewing. Instead, she crept closer to the swinging door and eavesdropped on the conversation.
What would Maria be doing outside Linda’s house? It’s not like she lives in that neighbourhood. Sure she could be out for a walk—a long walk, but why Linda’s?
“Tell me who she is?” Robert said.
“There’s nothing to tell.”
“She definitely knows you, and I can tell by your reaction that you know who she is.”
Linda came bursting through the doorway, almost hitting Bethany with the swinging door. She stopped in the middle of the room and spun on Robert. “I hired you to help me, not to interrogate me!”
For a moment Robert stood staring at Linda, thinking over her words. “Sorry, it’s my cop background. I just thought maybe you knew her—”
“Well, I don’t!”
After a few seconds of awkward silence, the tea kettle started whistling and Linda went happily into the kitchen, apparently glad to get away from the questions.
Clearly frustrated, Robert collapsed in the chair.
“You said she had a raspy voice?” Bethany asked, eyeing the plastic box on the coffee table.
He nodded, shifting forward onto the edge of the chair.
“The day before Meredith took me to the cabin there was a phone call at Linda’s. The woman had a raspy voice, too.”
“What did she say?”
“She had the wrong number.” Bethany thought back to her visit with Maria and remembered Maria’s voice was a little rough that day, but it didn’t sound as bad as it was on the phone.
“That’s it?”
“Yeah, she said she had the wrong number. It’s like she wasn’t expecting anybody but Linda to answer the phone.”
Robert checked to make sure the swinging door was closed. “The phone rang when I was at Linda’s house tonight, but the answering machine picked up. The woman, I think it was the same one that was outside on the sidewalk, all she said was ‘Hello’ then waited until the machine stopped recording.”
“But why? Why would Maria call?”
“Maria?” Robert shook his head. “Maria Mast—Masterson?”
“You know Maria?” Bethany was shocked that Robert knew her old nanny.
“Umm…” Robert stammered when he saw Linda open the door. “Later,” he whispered.
How does Robert know her? He obviously didn’t know that that was her on the sidewalk, but he does know her name, Bethany thought, watching Robert’s nervous behaviour. He and Linda were both hiding something from each other and probably from her, too. And she intended to find out just what it was.
“Mommy, I just remembered, the other day you got a phone call.”
Linda glanced from Bethany to Robert, then down into her cup of tea.
“The funny thing was she said she had the wrong number.” Bethany watched as Linda concentrated on her drink, refusing to divulge any information. “But, you know, I thought I recognized her voice.” She saw a definite flinch at this mention. “And I think she might have recognized my voice as well. That’s probably why she didn’t want to talk.” Bethany paused, waiting for everything to sink in. “Mommy, who do you think it was?”
Linda shrugged her shoulders. “I don’t know. It’s your grandmother’s telephone line. Why don’t we have a fucking séance and ask her?”
Bethany and Robert exchanged surprised looks. “Sorry, Mommy, I just thought you might have an idea who this caller was.”
“Nope, none. I get prank calls all the time. I might have to have the number changed?”
“Oh?” Bethany stood and walked to the den, eager to get away. “Robert, I was thinking of turning in for the night. Do you need anything in here?”
“No, go ahead. There’s extra blankets in the closet if you get cold.”
“Thanks.” Bethany looked at her mother sitting silently in the arm chair. “Mommy, you’ll never guess who I saw recently?”
Linda shrugged her shoulders again and slowly made eye contact with Bethany.
“Maria.” Bethany watched as Linda spilled her tea in her lap. “We had a nice talk.”
Chapter 63

Outside the courtroom, Bethany stood close to Robert as they waited for Linda to return from the washroom. She felt her chest tighten as she watched the wall clock tick off the seconds. This could be it. The last time I see my father for… for…
“Robert, when can I decide who I wanna live with?” Bethany asked, tugging on her shirt sleeve.
“Legally, when you turn sixteen.” Robert eyed her nervous behaviour. “Why, you don’t want to live with Linda?”
“I…” Bethany searched the hallway for anybody eavesdropping. “I’m not sure what I want anymore.”
Robert nodded and without saying a word drew Bethany into his arms and comforted her like a father should. “Don’t worry, whatever you decide to do, I’ll be there for you.”
Bethany couldn’t believe the flood of emotions battling her senses. She had to bat away a tear before looking up into Robert’s face, which seemed to have softened slightly. “You mean I’m not just another case for you?”
“No.” Robert cleared his throat. “You remind me of my daughter.”
“I sorta figured that.”
“I miss her.” Robert’s voice cracked and he struggled to control it. “But, you’ve been such a pain in my ass that I realize just how much I need her back.”
It’s been fifteen years, Bethany thought. You know she’s not coming back. You know deep down inside that she’s probably dead. She stared into his pained eyes and held her words, because they would do nothing but extinguish his hope. And without hope he’d probably curl up in the corner and die.
“Let her go, Robert!” Linda said, crossing the hallway from the washroom. Her bruised face looked darker, like she’d just removed her makeup. “You’re attracting attention.”
“Please,” Robert rolled his eyes, “tell me you didn’t go in there to make your face look worse?”
“You sure know how to make a woman feel pretty.” Linda latched on and pulled Bethany toward the big oak doors.
“You even tied your hair back!” Robert grasped Bethany’s free hand and stopped them instantly. “Judge Peabody won’t care how you look. He’ll award custody to who’s more capable of taking care of a child—Not who’s acting like one.”
The look Linda gave Robert was one of hatred and Bethany had never seen her this mad. She wondered if Linda really wanted her back this much, or if she had an ulterior motive.
“Robert, come on!” Bethany said, yanking on both their arms and starting them toward the doors. “And Linda, if you wanna be my mother then you’d better drop the attitude.”
Linda’s mouth fell open. “Jasmine, I’m your mother and you should refer to me as such.”
Bethany stopped suddenly before the doors. “Well, Linda, my name is Bethany whether you like it or not. So if you can drop your little power trip and call me by the name that I’ve grown up with for most of my life—”
“I named you Jasmine!” Linda growled.
“Then gave me away.” They stood locking eyes on each other, neither wanting to give up their ground. “And they named me Bethany.”
“Ahem.” Robert interrupted as a whole crowd of people looked on. “I think we should go inside and take our seats.” Carefully he slid his body between them and ushered both through the doors and into the half-filled courtroom.
Bethany could feel every muscle tighten as they walked. She tried to let her anger go, but nothing seemed to work. She’s so pig-headed. She always wants to be right, even though she’s wrong.
“Bethany?” Helen’s soft voice sliced through the anger like nothing else could.
She turned to see the frail woman in the front row, struggling to get to her feet as they approached. Helen appeared to have shrunk since she’d seen her last. Her cheeks were hollow and sunken, and when she stood, her dress hung straight from her bony shoulders.
“Grandma…” When Bethany felt Robert’s hand release, she shot down the aisle. “Grandma, you look so thin,” she said, squeezing her arms carefully around the old woman.
“I haven’t been feeling well, dear,” Helen said, holding Bethany’s face in her hands.
“You’re killing her!” a deep menacing voice boomed from beside.
“Shush,” Helen said, not even turning to face Grant.
“You killed her when you ran away.” Grant stood to face Bethany.
“Grant!” Helen yelled barely above a whisper.
“I didn’t run away.” Bethany paused, thinking things over. “I wouldn’t have run away if Meredith hadn’t kidnapped me.”
“Kidnapped?” Helen swayed slightly and Grant steadied her, then forced her down into her chair.
Stepping past Helen, Grant lowered his voice. “She loves you so much—I don’t know why—but she’s willing herself to death. She doesn’t eat, she doesn’t sleep, she doesn’t do anything but talk about you.”
“Grandma, I—” Bethany tried to lean around but he seized her arms hard, forcing her to straighten up.
“I don’t give a shit about you and she shouldn’t either! Now just leave her alone and let her die.”
“No!” Bethany broke his hold and tried to force her way past. “Grandma, I love you.”
Grant snatched onto her arm so hard that the tips of his fingers sank into her skin. He started pushing her away then stopped immediately as Robert’s large hand clamped onto his arm. His hand quickly released from Bethany and a second later he was kneeling on the floor before her.
Robert continued applying pressure to the old man’s arm, then bent down to match his height. “You don’t wanna fuck with me, old man. I still owe you for that bullet hole in my car.” He lowered his voice and inched closer so his lips brushed Grant’s hairy ear. “And if you ever lay your filthy hands on Bethany again, I’ll kill you.”
“Are you all right?” Robert quickly stood, bringing Grant with him. “Maybe you should take a seat and relax for a few minutes? Those dizzy spells can be something awful.”
Grant straightened and rubbed his arm. He stared defiantly at Robert, then settled back into his chair on the opposite side of Helen.
“Don’t mind me.” Robert hitched his thumb back toward Linda. “I’ll be over there watching everything.”
“Have a seat, dear,” Helen said, patting the empty chair near the aisle way.
Bethany looked back at Robert before sitting on the edge of the seat. “Why aren’t you eating, Grandma? You know you have to take care of yourself.”
“Lately, I feel like I just want to let go of everything. I can’t go on holding back secrets.”
“Secrets? What are you talking about?”
Helen leaned close, as far away from Grant as possible. “It’s about your aunt,” she whispered.
“Sally?”
“The court will now come to session,” the bailiff announced at the front of the courtroom. “The honourable, Judge Peabody residing. Everyone please stand.”
Robert hurried down the aisle to Bethany and struggled pulling her back to her seat as the judge entered the room.
“No, dear,” Helen said, struggling to raise her voice above the rustling of people standing. “Your other aunt.”
Chapter 64

Bethany watched as her grandmother turned in her chair, staring intently at the entrance doors of the courtroom. Every now and then she’d glance nervously over before quickly looking away.
My other aunt? But father never mentioned any sisters.
Bethany’s eyes widened. “Aunt Laura,” she mumbled.
Robert gave a sideways glance and Bethany wondered just how loud she’d said the name. After glancing over at Linda, sitting grumpily on the other side of Robert, she exhaled, relieved she’d said it softly.
What secrets could Grandma have on Aunt Laura? Bethany struggled, trying to figure out what her grandmother was talking about, but nothing came to mind. Slowly she started to get up, hoping to move to the empty seat beside her grandmother, when Robert seemed to read her mind. He grasped her hand gently and gave her a disapproving look.
“I have to talk to her,” she whispered, still hovering an inch from the seat.
“This won’t take long,” Robert countered. “It can wait until after the judge renders his decision.”
“Fine,” Bethany slumped back into the chair and folded her arms. “I hope he renders fast.”
Shaking his head, Robert smirked at her behaviour. “Don’t worry, I promise they won’t leave before you can talk to her.”
“This court is now in session,” Judge Peabody said, settling behind the bench.
The bailiff carried a small stack of paperwork over to the bench and set it before the judge.
After selecting a large envelope from the pile, Judge Peabody sliced the end open. “Please forgive the delay. I haven’t had time to read the results of the test yet.”
Bethany watched as his eyes scanned from her to Linda, then over to where her father should be. “Bailiff, we seem to be missing someone important. Please contact my secretary and find out if Mr. Rosehart has called.”
“Your Honour,” Helen said, struggling to her feet. “Dan’s still in the washroom. He wasn’t feeling very well.”
“Fine,” Judge Peabody said slightly annoyed. “I’ll start without him.”
“Grant,” Helen begged, “go get him.”
“He’ll be better off if he loses custody,” Grant grumbled.
“Fine if you won’t go, then I’ll do it.” She took no more than two steps when the oak doors flew open and in rushed Dan.
Bethany turned sharply in her seat and gave her father a wide smile. “Dad, you made it.”
Dan stopped momentarily beside Bethany and patted her hand as he passed. But she wasn’t satisfied with the brief contact so she jumped from her seat and wrapped her arms around her father. Every eye in the room watched their interaction and even Bethany was surprised at her own reaction. There were a lot of happy faces smiling at the affection, but Linda wasn’t. She was scowling coldly at Dan as he stole Bethany’s heart.
“Yes, I missed you too, Bethany,” Dan said, easing from her embrace. “But everyone’s staring.”
“If you don’t mind,” Judge Peabody said, “can we continue?”
“Sorry, your Honour.” Dan broke free and hurried up two rows, taking a seat beside his mother.
Bethany remained standing for a few seconds, wishing that she could go join him up front.
“So, as I was saying before we were interrupted,” Judge Peabody emptied the papers from the envelope and rifled through them. “I’ll need a few minutes to read the report from the lab.”
The room fell silent for a minute then the whispering started and spread quickly, no doubt over the greeting between the estranged father and daughter. Bethany could overhear most people condemning her mother for separating the two, while a few others thought it was a ploy by the father.
It was when Dan turned, leaning over the back of the chair, that he caught Bethany’s attention. “I got a job and an apartment today.”
Bethany smiled excitedly. She felt everything falling in place. Even if her mother gets custody, her father’s close enough that she can visit without having to see Grant or Frank.
“That’s great, Dad.” Bethany scooted to the front of her chair. “When do you move in?”
“As soon as I want to. I start my job next week, so if you want to, I’ll show it to you after this is over?”
Bethany remembered his promise of dinner, but that he had to get approval from the judge first.
“What about dinner tonight?” Bethany asked. She could see Linda leaning forward at these words, and Robert restraining her.
Dan simply nodded and winked in response.
“There’s no way he’s—”
“If Judge Peabody allows it, then he can,” Robert said.
Bethany looked up at the judge and realized he wasn’t reading the report anymore, but he was watching them—and he seemed very concerned at what they were saying. After pounding his gavel he called for order, sending a hush over the room.
“Linda,” Judge Peabody said, “please approach the bench.”
The look of anger on her face disappeared as she slowly stood and walked to the bench. Once there, the judge motioned for her to lean closer as they discussed something in the report. The conversation bounced back and forth between them until it began to get heated.
All Bethany could see was Linda’s head shaking back and forth and she knew the judge must be asking about shared custody. She was obviously against it.
“No! I said no and that’s it.” Linda turned and stormed away from the bench, avoiding all the stares in the room. She headed straight to her seat and when she sat, a wicked smile spread across her face.
Judge Peabody cleared his throat and straightened the papers. “At this time I’m not privileged to reveal any information not pertaining to this case. The custody case between Linda Taylor and Dan Rosehart concerning the parental rights of one, Bethany Rosehart.” He paused and looked at each person involved in the case, then back to the paper in hand.
“The court rules that the case is dismissed.”
A gasp circled the room before Dan could get to his feet. “What are you talking about, dismissed? Dismissed why?” Dan approached the bench and the bailiff stepped in to intervene. “What about custody? Who gets custody?”
“Please return to your seat, Mr. Rosehart,” Judge Peabody said in an understanding tone.
“No, not until you tell me what the hell you’re talking about.”
“Sit!” Judge Peabody commanded and when he had control of the room, he continued. “The only information I can tell you, is the mother, Linda, has full custody.”
“This is Bullshit!” Dan slammed his fist on the railing. “I’m her father and I deserve my right to raise my child.”
“Order, order!” The judge stood and pounded the gavel. “Mr. Rosehart, the only information I can tell you at this time is that you are not Bethany’s father.”
The room fell silent and Dan stood gapping at the judge. Helen stood quickly beside her son and took on the same look of disbelief.
“What… What do you mean?” Dan said.
“The DNA results show that you are not her father.” Judge Peabody packed the papers back into the folder and handed them off to the bailiff. “Court dismissed.”
Dan stood in shock. “But how… How can that be?”
Bethany ran up the aisle to where Helen had just collapsed. “Grandma!”
Chapter 65

Meredith climbed from the pickup truck, thanking the driver for the ride back to the city. She’d spent the long trip talking excitedly about her upcoming visit with her daughter. Most of the information was a far cry from the truth, but she did intend on seeing Bethany again.
“Thanks again,” Meredith called as the truck turned back onto the highway and continued down the road. She tossed the small bag over her shoulder and headed for the nearest sidewalk. Turning right at the first street, she disappeared into the suburbs knowing that she would blend into the neighbourhoods as she went for her daily walk.
Before leaving the cabin, she’d found a little makeup in the medicine cabinet and a brush and had worked on composing herself. The last thing she wanted was to wander around the city with a large neon light flashing over her head.
“Linda, Linda, Linda,” Meredith muttered when no one was in sight. “What have you done to my daughter? She was mine—All mine. Then you had to come back and stick your nose where it didn’t belong.”
Meredith continued around the corner, heading in the general direction of her destination. She didn’t know the exact route to take, but eventually she would arrive there.
“You can’t expect to abandon your own flesh and blood with someone who despises you, let them raise the child for you, then sneak back in the night and rip her from my arms.”
Meredith’s eyes clouded. “Despise… Yes, despise.” She remembered that feeling well. After all, she’d felt contempt for the child born from her husband’s unfaithfulness, and anger at the whore who’d come between them. The first year of her new motherhood had been the hardest thing she’d ever done. She held onto the bitterness and focussed it on the child every chance she was alone and out of Dan’s sight. But as time passed and scabbed her wounds, she came to think about the child as if she were her own.
Maybe in some strange way, she thought, God has given me back the child I’d lost.
Over the years Bethany reminded her less and less of the adultery and more of the person she had named her after—her mother. True, she’d hardly known her own mother before she’d been taken from this life, but the memories of their brief time were enough to insist they change the young girl’s name. Dan disagreed and felt Jasmine was too old to have her name changed, but Meredith insisted.
Then when Dan was sentenced to prison, she knew this would be a trying time in their lives. She didn’t want her daughter to suffer like she had suffered with the loss of a parent during her young years, but it wouldn’t be permanent, or would it?
“Dan, where are you?” Meredith turned the next corner onto a street she recognized. Suddenly she knew where she was. Her footsteps quickened.
“Maybe Dan’s already found Bethany and broken that trance Linda’s put on her. Yeah, that’s right, when she gets her father back in her life, she’ll stay with us instead of running back to that whore.”
Meredith smiled and waved as she passed an old couple sitting on their front porch. That’s what our family should be like. That’s what we need to be. We could sit around and talk on the porch like a normal family would.
“But,” Meredith stopped a few houses further, “what if Dan doesn’t want Bethany back? What if he doesn’t want me back either?” She quickened her pace. “Well, he’ll have no choice, now will he.”
Sprinting down the street and around the corner, Meredith saw her destination straight ahead. She ran the entire way until her feet landed on the blistered step.
“Home…” Meredith climbed the stairs and dug inside the mailbox, pulling the spare key from within and placing it in the lock. “Please Bethany, be here.”
The door swung open and the dark shadows filled every corner. Her hopes crashed when silence came rushing to greet her. “Dan, Bethany… Where are you?”
She flipped on the light, going room to room, looking for any indication that they had been there. With no sign of either of them being home, she climbed the stairs and went straight to Bethany’s bedroom. When the light chased away the darkness, Meredith saw the pile of dishevelled clothes on the floor and remembered their hurried packing they did a few days ago.
“Oh…” she said, remembering the last week. She plopped down on the bed and curled up into a ball in the comforter, then started to cry.
Tears fell to the cream-coloured bed sheets as her chest heaved with the sadness of being alone in this cruel world. She balled the sheets up into her face to muffle a scream, but the hard paper beneath cut the scream off in her throat. Quickly she fumbled through the sheets until she found the small square card.
“Robert Knight… Knight Investigations… Private investigation and home security.” Meredith snapped upright on the bed. “Robert—Yes he’ll know where Bethany’s at.”
Meredith read his home address on the back of the card, then jumped from the bed and ran down the stairs, out into the darkness of the night.
Chapter 66

“Grandma!” Bethany yelled, ripping her way through the crowd that had encircled Helen’s body.
Robert followed behind and reached his long arms past Bethany, urging the crowd to back away. “Out of the way. Give her some room!”
“Grandma…” Bethany collapsed to the floor beside Helen. She felt helpless sitting there watching, but she didn’t know what she should do. Why didn’t I learn CPR?
Suddenly a strong hand gripped her arm, pulling her away from the body. “Leave her be,” Grant snarled. “You’ve killed her already.” His face was a mix of anger and loathing.
Bethany dug her nails into his hand, breaking his grip, then met his gaze. She stared angrily into his eyes. “You might not care if she dies, but I do!”
“She’s already dead, now leave her alone.” Grant reached for Bethany’s arm again, but stopped when Robert’s hands clamped on his shoulders and flung him back into the crowd.
“Bailiff, get these people back!” Robert knelt beside the withered body and gently rolled her onto her back, then felt for a pulse. “Someone call an ambulance!”
Bethany remained rooted on the floor beside the one person she truly cared about. After reaching out her trembling fingers, she touched Helen’s cold, clammy face and had to fight the urge to jerk away.
“Please, Grandma, hold on,” Bethany cried. “Please…”
“Bethany, it’s okay. She’ll be fine.” Hands reached down and lifted her to her feet. They weren’t the rough hands of her grandfather, but gentler. Turning away briefly, she looked into the face of her father—but he wasn’t really her father anymore, now was he?
Robert continued trying to revive Helen. Little by little Bethany recognized the CPR routine she’d seen on TV. He seemed to have the routine down perfect.
“It’s a waste of time.” The gruff voice of Grant cut through the crowd like a knife.
“Dad!” Dan held Bethany tight to his side like a life preserver. “If you don’t care about Mom then just leave!”
Bethany looked up through tear soaked eyes at him. “I don’t want her to die.”
“Me neither, baby. Me neither.”
Robert straightened and watched the shallow rise of the old woman’s chest. “She’s not dead yet.” He smiled over at Bethany but his face froze at the sight on the far side of the courtroom.
The wail of the ambulance cut through the silent courtroom as everyone followed Robert’s gaze to the woman sitting calmly by herself in the chair.
Linda hadn’t even budged from the chair. Obviously she had absolutely no interest in seeing if Helen was dead or alive, and her lack of emotions chilled the room, bringing a shiver to Bethany.
“She doesn’t even care if Grandma dies?” Bethany muttered, watching Linda and imagining her thoughts. Everything’s going my way. I got everything I wanted and I don’t give a shit about that dead woman over there.
Feeling the grip release on her body, Bethany turned to see Dan kneeling over his mother. Helen’s eyes flickered open briefly then closed and Bethany didn’t even remember kneeling down, but she was right there beside Dan.
“Grandma… Grandma… It’s me, Bethany.” She took Helen’s hand and held it tight. It was cold and limp, but every now and then she felt the muscles twitch.
“Grandma, don’t die… You can’t die.”
Helen’s eyes flickered opened and focussed on Bethany. Her mouth opened and closed, but no sounds came out. She was too weak. Bethany was about to sit back and give her some room when she remembered Helen had been trying to tell her something about her aunt. Down she leaned over her frail body.
“Grandma, what is it?” She leaned closer and felt the moist breath on her ear, but no sound came with it. “What about Laura?” Still nothing. She felt hands grasp her shoulders and shrugged them off, but they only came back with greater force the second time.
Helen’s eyes closed and Bethany thought the worst. She thought the grandmother she barely knew, had been taken away from her for good.
“No!” she screamed and the hands on her shoulders lifted her from the one person she needed right now. The one person she wanted to sit down with and have a cup of tea. The one person who has something important to tell her.
Bethany released Helen’s hand and spun wildly on her attacker. She lashed out with the fury of her grief and held nothing back. Her arms flailed and her fists landed one after another on the person who dared disturb her last moment with her dying grandmother.
“Bethany! Bethany!” Robert yelled, trying to block her wild swings, but unlike a normal attacker, Bethany attacked without regard to a specific target and snuck a low blow into the mix. Losing his breath, Robert doubled over slightly, but never gave in to the excruciating pain in his gut.
“Bethany, she’s okay!” Robert yelled. “She’s not dead!”
She stopped her struggle and snuffled back a sob. “She’s… not?”
“No.” Robert kept his arm protectively in front of his groin.
They watched as the paramedics rushed through the doors, the stretcher bouncing wildly as they ran. After a quick examination, they proceeded to load Helen gently onto the stretcher. With the oxygen mask secured to her face, she opened her eyes and turned her head. Her eyes were searching every face then finally settled on Bethany’s.
“Grandma…” The tears brimmed her eyelids then spilled down her cheeks. She knew how old and frail this woman was, but she never wanted to think that Helen would die—and so suddenly.
As they wheeled her up the aisle, Bethany said, “I’ll see you at the hospital, Grandma.” She swore that Helen tried to raise her hand as if waving goodbye.
“The Hell you will!” Grant grumbled as he stormed past. “You’re not even a part of this family!”
Chapter 67

“What if they won’t let me in to see her?” Bethany asked as she and Robert boarded the hospital elevator. Linda had refused to even enter the hospital and insisted on waiting in the car. Apparently she had no need to ever see these people again.
“Don’t worry, Bethany, I can be very influential.” Robert gave her a bright smile, which was slightly askew, thanks to the split lip from Bethany’s courthouse tantrum.
Bethany glanced at his swollen upper lip. “I’m sorry, does it hurt?”
“Only in my pride.” Robert pushed the button for the fourth floor.
Bethany laughed, grateful that he didn’t hold it against her. “I’m really sorry. I don’t know what happened to me.”
“You were upset. People react differently to stress and you seem to want to kick some ass.”
“Yeah,” Bethany said, losing her smile, “and Linda was happy to sit there grinning.”
“You noticed it, too. I was hoping it was only me seeing things, but something sure seemed to give her a little pleasure there.”
Bethany lost every ounce of her laughter. “I think she was happy that Gran… Helen was dying.”
“Just because she’s not related, doesn’t mean she can’t be a grandmother to you. In fact, it’s probably the only thing that will keep her going.”
“She just feels like my grandmother.” The elevator stopped and the door slid open revealing the nurses’ station. “Not that I have anything else to compare her to.”
Robert stepped off first. “Let me do the talking.”
Bethany noticed the way the nurses were eyeing them as they approached. It was as if they’d come straight from Quarantine. The larger nurse managed to get her butt free from the chair and stood, matching Bethany’s eye level.
“We’re here to see Helen Rosehart,” Robert said.
“Only immediate family members are allowed to visit in the ICU.”
“This is her granddaughter and she would—”
“Sorry, Helen Rosehart doesn’t have a granddaughter.”
Bethany felt her hatred toward Grant intensify. “I am her granddaughter and I wanna see her.”
“I’m sorry, but we have specific instructions.”
“Grant told you not to let me in,” Bethany said, watching the nurse behind nod in agreement. “That’s bullshit!”
“Nurse, please. This is Bethany Rosehart. Notice the same surname. I think you might agree that the grandfather doesn’t approve of his grandchild, but that’s no reason to disallow a dying woman’s wish to see her granddaughter, now is it?”
The heavy nurse wavered slightly at the possibility that they were playing her a fool in a family dispute. “No, I’m sorry, but I have my orders and if you don’t leave now I’ll have to call security.”
Robert hoisted himself up straight and pulled his broad shoulders back. He took a step closer to the desk and leaned over toward the nurse, who cringed backwards. “If my client doesn’t get to see her grandmother before she dies, then your name will be added to the lawsuit alongside the hospitals.”
The nurse took a moment to consider the implications of denying this visit and decided she didn’t want to make that choice. “Wait here while I check with my supervisor.” She disappeared into the office, picked up the phone and dialled.
“Just ask my father. He’ll vouch for me. He should be with my grandmother.” Bethany let her tears flow freely as the younger nurse walked closer.
“All right, wait here. I’ll be back in a minute.” The young nurse came around the front of the desk and disappeared down the hallway.
Turning to Robert, Bethany said, “See that’s the way to do it. Press out a few tears and the world crumbles at your feet.”
“I prefer to threaten the shit out of people. Tears are overrated.” Robert took Bethany’s hand and pulled her away from the desk and down the hallway where the young nurse had gone.
“Robert, what are you doing? She’s going to ask right now.”
“We’re saving her time.”
“Hey, wait!” the heavy nurse called. “You can’t go down there!” She had obviously finished her conversation with her supervisor—or security, whichever she called, and was hot on their trail.
“Come on, Bethany, we better run.” Robert tightened his grip on her hand as they raced past the open doors, drawing strange looks from the people inside.
Bethany felt like a kid again, running through the hospital and breaking all the rules. When they turned the corner, the young nurse turned from Grant to see what the commotion was.
“No!” Grant screamed. “I said she wasn’t allowed in here.”
The nurse held her arms out in an attempt to stop them from passing, but Robert walked right through her and cornered Grant against the wall. He could see Dan through the glass door of the ICU, sitting on Helen’s bedside.
Robert turned his attention back to Grant. “You’re nothing but a piece of shit,” he growled as the sounds of many feet came pounding down the hallway behind them.
Bethany watched as the uniformed guards cautiously approached. She looked past the nurse at the glass door, which separated her from the ICU, and her grandmother. Before the guard could grab her, she bolted for the door and yanked it open.
“Dad, help us! They’re trying to make us leave,” Bethany screamed into the room, holding onto the door frame as one guard pulled her back out.
The guards had escorted them halfway down the hallway before Dan emerged from the room. He had a quick chat with his father, then said, “Let them go.”
The nurse and the guards stopped and looked curiously at him.
“She’s my daughter.”
The nurse fumed, pointing at Grant. “But he said—”
“He’s wrong! Now let them go.” Dan waited until the guards released Bethany then returned to the intensive care unit.
Robert and Bethany both glared at Grant as they slowly made their way back to the ICU. When Dan was safely out of earshot, Robert pointed his finger in Grant’s face. “One day I’ll get you for this.”
Ignoring the threat, Grant stormed past them and followed the nurses down the hall.
“I don’t know how. I don’t know when,” Robert lowered his voice to a growl, “but you’ll pay.”
Chapter 68

“You want me to come inside with you?” Robert asked, hanging back from the door.
Bethany shook her head and pulled the glass door open, then hesitantly stepped in the ICU. She stopped just inside. The door sealed shut and she watched as Dan sat on the far side of Helen’s bed and took hold of her hand. She could only imagine what was going through his mind right now. First he found out that he’s not a father, then his mother has a heart attack and almost dies from the news.
Not my father. Then who is?
Suddenly Bethany realized that with her mother’s lack of memory, and Grandma Taylor’s recent passing, she had no hope of ever finding out who her real father was.
“Dad…” Bethany couldn’t bring herself to call him by his first name.
Dan turned and looked at Bethany, his eyes red and swollen. He didn’t say a word but held Bethany’s gaze for a long minute, then leaned closer to Helen and listened. Her mouth barely moved, but Dan obviously understood exactly what she said.
Looking over at Bethany, Dan motioned to the other side of the bed. “Sit,” he said.
The walk across the room was like walking a mile. Bethany didn’t know what to say and she didn’t know how Helen would react now that she didn’t belong in this family? Would she cast her away as a stranger, or would she look past the absence of a blood-bond and accept her back into her life?
“Grandma…” Bethany said, gently sitting on the hard mattress. She heard the crinkle of the plastic sheet beneath and wondered how many times this bed had been urinated on. Fighting the urge to stand, she grasped the old withered hand.
Helen’s lips moved, but no words came out. She closed her eyes and appeared to gather strength from deep within. “Bethany… My… Gran… Daughter.” The left side of her lips quivered slightly, then broke into a strange half smile.
Dan picked the water cup from the table and bent the straw to a ninety-degree angle, then carefully placed it between his mother’s lips. Helen drew short sips as Dan spoke.
“She’s been asking for you since I got here. I wasn’t sure if you’d show up.”
“Why wouldn’t I? She’s my grandmother.” Bethany remembered the truth. “I still love her even if she’s not my real grandmother.” She paused and watched Dan set the cup back on the table.
“Besides, what else do I have left? A mother who doesn’t really want me.”
“Doesn’t want you?” Dan’s face brightened slightly. “What are you talking about?”
“Nothing.” Bethany turned her attention to Helen and noticed her eyes were closed. She looked even smaller in this bed than the last time she saw her at the farm. Her arms were thin and frail, and her face gaunt and white.
“You’re gonna be okay, Grandma. Just rest and you’ll be out of here in no time.” Bethany gave her hand a slight squeeze, but stopped quickly, afraid she might crush the brittle bones beneath.
“She knows, Bethany.”
“Knows what?”
“She’s gonna die.”
“Eventually… But not now.” Bethany took another look at Helen and suddenly the reality soaked through her delusion. Maybe he’s right. Maybe she won’t make it out of here.
“She’s weak. She was weak before this heart attack, and the doctors said she’s barely hanging on.”
“But she could get better, right?” Bethany watched the sheets rise and fall, then turned her attention to the machines beside the bed. The digital readouts showed her low pulse as it sounded out each heartbeat.
Dan never answered. He ran his fingers through Helen’s hair, attempting to straighten it out. “I missed the last ten years of my life with her. If I hadn’t been sent to prison, I could’ve spent more time with her. I could’ve visited more often.”
Bethany looked at him and saw how much he wanted to believe his own words. “Would you?”
Keeping his eyes focussed on his mother’s face, he answered, “No… You’re right. I took her for granted all my life and now that she’s dying, I feel guilty for the way I acted.”
“I’m sure she understands. Just tell her that you missed her—Tell her you love her.” Helen’s eyes flickered slightly.
“That’s something I haven’t been able to say to her for a long time.”
“Why?” Bethany wondered.
“It just is.” Dan looked ashamed that he couldn’t say these simple words to the person who gave him life.
“Bend down and whisper it into her ear.” Bethany watched him struggle. “Do it!”
Reluctantly, Dan leaned forward toward his mother, his lips twitching as he drew closer to her face. “I…” He paused and started to straighten.
“Say it! This might be the only chance you’ll get.” Bethany fixed her sad eyes upon him. “You’ll regret it if you don’t.”
As he brushed his lips against Helen’s ear, her eyes flickered and her lips trembled, and Bethany knew that he’d said those words a mother longed to hear. Helen’s eyes snapped open and her half smile returned. She turned her head and looked at her teary-eyed son, then mouthed a return.
Bethany could feel the huge weight that had been lifted from everyone and knew Dan would never regret expressing himself.
Suddenly Helen’s body shook slightly and her eyes darted to Bethany. She tried to sit up, but never made it off the bed. There was panic in her eyes and Bethany knew that she was about to die. Helen’s face was livid as if she could see death approaching from the shadows.
“Bethany…” Helen whispered, encouraging her to bend closer.
She did as commanded and leaned down to listen to Helen’s soft spoken words. “I’m here, Grandma.”
“Bethany… I tried to tell you…”
The conversation from the courtroom came rushing back to mind. Bethany had almost forgotten what Helen had said back there. It seemed like a lifetime ago since she sat next to her in the courtroom. “About my aunt?”
Dan watched curiously, leaning closer to hear the conversation.
Helen tried to nod, but only her eyes moved. “Yes, Laura…” She closed her eyes and drifted away for a second. Bethany and Dan exchanged glances, then both looked simultaneously at the readouts on the machine beside the bed.
“Laura’s friend… Your… Friend…”
Bethany’s eyebrows furrowed. The words didn’t make sense. “My friend?”
Helen’s eyes closed again and remained closed for a full minute while the room sat silent. Silent, except the slow beeping from the machine beside.
What does she mean? Aunt Laura’s friend is my friend? Who the hell’s she talking about?
With a gasp Helen’s eyes snapped open. “Knows I lied…”
“Who!” Bethany begged. “Who knows?”
Standing, Dan rounded the bed and placed his hands on Bethany’s shoulders, trying to calm her down.
“Who?” she repeated.
“Ma… Ma…”
Bethany felt her stomach cramp.
The beeping stopped and the room fell beneath a long howl from the machine. A moment later the nurses burst through the door, followed closely by a doctor. They quickly ushered them from the room and began trying to revive Helen.
Bethany looked over Dan’s arm, through the glass door at the bustle of activity within. She couldn’t take her eyes off Helen until they pulled the cover over her face.
“Maria?” she whispered.
Chapter 69

Robert knew the moment the nurses came rushing down the hallway toward him that Helen had expired. Then when the call came over the PA system, he knew this would probably be the last visit Bethany would ever get. He felt bad for her. She’d only just met this woman and now she was gone. It seemed like everyone in her life was disappearing, her grandmother, her father. The only person left to comfort her was sitting in the car, refusing to be with her.
Standing up, Robert waited for Bethany to come out in search of someone to comfort her, but when she did, Dan was already there for her. But he’s not even her father.
Shaking his head, Robert tried to push this thought from his mind. No, she’s not my daughter either. So why would she come to me for comfort when she has the closest thing to a father standing beside her?
Robert couldn’t help but feel disappointed that she hadn’t turned to him. Ever since he took this case, he’d considered Bethany with the same feelings as he had for his own daughter. He’d almost become convinced that they were one and the same.
“She’s not Tara! She’ll never replace her.” Robert turned and walked down the hall toward the elevator. He wasn’t halfway there when the footsteps quickly approaching from behind, followed by the stifled cries of a young girl.
Robert turned, already knowing who it was. “Bethany?” he said, watching as she sprinted past him, disappearing around the corner. He glanced back at Dan who stood shrugging his shoulders at the far end of the hall.
“Bethany!” Robert started after her at a brisk walk. When he turned the corner, she was getting inside the elevator. “Bethany, wait!” he yelled as the doors began to close.
The doors slid quietly closed, concealing Bethany’s tear streaked face. “What’s she doing?” Robert watched the number above the elevator count down. “Where the hell is she going?”
Racing to the elevator, Robert depressed the down button and stood watching the digital display above. After a few seconds of inactivity, he bolted for the stairs. He took them two at a time, flying down the levels at a breakneck speed, determined to meet Bethany at the main floor.
When he yanked open the stairwell door, he realized he was too late. The elevator sat open—And empty. He glanced to the main entrance door and recognized Bethany’s silhouette running away from the hospital.
“Damn!” Robert slammed the glass door as he exited the building. “I’m so out of shape.” He bent over drawing in deep breaths as he watched Bethany disappear down a side street.
“Robert,” Linda said, walking across the parking lot. “Where’s she going, now? She can’t just take off anytime she wants to? You should’ve been watching her.”
Straightening to his full height and stretching out his cramping legs, he pretended not to hear Linda’s comments about how incompetent he was and headed straight for the car.
Once inside, he drove out and headed in the opposite direction of where Bethany was heading.
“Where are you going?”
“Home.”
“But what about Bethany?”
“She’s a big girl. She’ll come home when she’s done venting her anger.”
“Why would she be angry?”
Robert glared at Linda. “She just lost someone she loves and her own mother wouldn’t come along to comfort her. How else do you think she feels right now?”
“It’s just stupid to be angry over that old woman dying. Helen was good to her but come on, they only spent a few days together. She couldn’t have become attached that fast.”
“Linda,” Robert shook his head, “sometimes I don’t know if you try to annoy people or if it’s just a talent, but let me tell you, you’re fucking great at it.”
She turned to face Robert, her face red and her eyes glistening. “That woman and her husband hated me because I apparently fell in love with their son. But I don’t know for sure, because I can’t fucking remember it!”
“Yes I know,” Robert muttered under his breath. “I do remember.”
Chapter 70

“Maria! Maria!” Bethany pounded her fists so hard on the screen door that it bounced the locking mechanism loose and the door swung opened half an inch.
“Maria?” Bethany said, pushing the door open. She marched into the house, fighting to catch her breath after the long run. Helen’s dying words replayed repeatedly in her mind. Maybe it was only the ranting of a dying woman or maybe she really did know Maria.
Did she actually say Maria, or did I fill in the blanks?
She wondered what Maria would say when confronted. The last time she wasn’t too keen on sharing information, but now Bethany had a dying woman’s secret to find out.
“Maria!” Bethany yelled up the stairs and instantly heard the thud as if something fell—or someone big jumped out of bed.
The loud footsteps reverberated overhead and a moment later, Maria peered around the corner of the upper stairwell. Her eyes were wide, and her hair dishevelled and sticking up in the back. The look on her face was one of anger until she recognized the person at the bottom of the stairs, then it switched to bewilderment.
“Bethany?” Maria said, softening her harsh voice as she straightened her rumpled clothing. “What on earth are you doing here, and how did you get inside?”
“The… Um… Door was unlocked.” Bethany pointed behind her at the swinging screen door.
“I could’ve sworn I’d locked that thing before I’d laid down for my nap.” Maria held tight to the handrail as she laboured to take the stairs one at a time. “Strange.”
“What’s strange?” Bethany wondered.
“I was just thinking about you this morning.”
Bethany backed away from the stairs, allowing Maria room to pass. “You, were?”
“Yes,” Maria led Bethany down the hallway, into the kitchen and grabbed the kettle from the counter. “I was feeling bad for the way we left things after your last visit.”
Bethany remembered the standoff they’d had out in the front yard. “It didn’t make me feel warm, either”
“You have to understand. A promise is a promise. People trust you with a secret, and they expect nobody else to find out.”
“But it’s not good to keep secrets if they hurt other people.” Bethany pulled a chair from the table and slumped down, patting her swollen, red eyes with the backs of her hands.
“Tea?” Maria asked, filling the kettle and plugging it in.
Bethany nodded.
“Some secrets are best kept that way.” Maria opened the old-fashioned tea container and withdrew two bags, then set them in the teapot. “Some secrets do more harm than good if they’re told.”
“But some do good, right?”
Maria took a good long look at Bethany, then continued getting their tea ready. “I don’t like secrets. I don’t like people who make me have secrets.”
“Then tell me and let it loose.”
Turning to face Bethany, Maria said, “But it wouldn’t have caused any harm before, but now it might.”
“What harm? Please, Maria,” Bethany begged, “tell me what it is?”
As the kettle began boiling, Maria poured the water into the teapot then placed it on the table along with the cups and saucers. “I’ll have to give it some more thought before I decide.”
Bethany knew she had to remain calm if she was going to have a chance at finding out. She pulled her saucer closer and placed a teaspoon of sugar in the empty cup, then watched as Maria filled it with the steaming liquid.
The clinking of the spoon filled the room as they sat deep in thought. Finally, Bethany spoke, “She’s… Dead.”
Maria gave her a questioning look.
“Helen. She’s dead.”
Maria looked deep in thought. “Rosehart?”
“I just came from the hospital. Helen said your name before she died.”
“Why would she do that? I barely know the woman. She’s your grandmother, right?” Maria took a sip of her tea, then added a spoonful of sugar.
“She told me you were my Aunt Laura’s friend. She said you knew the truth—And a secret,” Bethany added. “She said you’d tell me if I asked.”
“What happened, Pumpkin?” Maria’s mood changed, she took another sip and became a little more receptive. “How did she die?”
“She had a heart attack in the court room.” Bethany pushed her saucer away and played her cards. “When the judge announced that Dan’s not my real father.”
Maria set the cup down on the edge of the saucer and it tipped over, spilling the contents across the table. She didn’t seem to notice the spill and Bethany didn’t bother pointing it out.
“Not your father? Wow… I’d never have guessed.” Maria studied Bethany’s face. “But you resemble his side of the family.”
“Knock it off, Maria!” Bethany said. “Just tell me who my real father is.”
“I… I don’t know. I thought Dan was your father.” Bethany could tell by how shocked Maria was that she wasn’t acting.
“Well if you didn’t know about that,” Bethany continued to fish, “then what was your big secret you’ve been keeping?”
“After your mother’s accident, she couldn’t remember anything about her life, but your Grandma Taylor drilled everything back into her. She was ruthless at this. She’d teach her who she was and quiz her constantly. She even mixed in things that Laura enjoyed and some of her past experiences.” Maria shook her head. “I didn’t agree with that. After all, I’d known Laura for most of her life and it seemed like such a mockery of her existence.”
“So that’s Linda, and not Aunt Laura?”
Maria laughed. “Of course it’s Linda. Laura had a distinct way of twitching her left eye when she was nervous. If anybody could tell those two apart, it was me.”
“I thought—”
“What?” Maria placed her napkin in the puddle of tea.
“She said things that made me believe that she was actually Laura.”
“Like what?”
Bethany realized her theory had serious flaws. “I don’t know. I just got the impression she wasn’t herself.”
“Believe me, that’s Linda. Sure, she might have some vague memories of Laura’s past, but that’s only because her mother programmed them into her.”
“So that’s your big secret that you’ve been keeping all this time?” Bethany said slightly annoyed.
“No.” Maria stood and took her cup to the sink. “Your mother can remember.”
“Remember what?”
“Things from the past. Things that happened before the accident.”
“But she told me she couldn’t remember. Not me. Not anything. Why would she pretend not to remember?”
Maria turned her eyes on Bethany. “At first she couldn’t remember, but just before she left for New York, she got some memories back. Her mother made me promise never to tell.”
“But why? It’s good that she can remember, isn’t it?”
“Apparently there are some things she’d rather forget.”
“Like what? What could be that bad?”
“Well, judging that Dan’s not your father, I think it might have something to do with that.”
Bethany thought back to the wicked smile on Linda’s face during the reading of the report. “She knows, doesn’t she?” She stood and paced the room. “But Helen said she lied, but to who?”
“The police,” Maria scoffed. “She lied when she gave an alibi for Grant the night the accident happened.”
“If you knew, then why didn’t you tell the police?”
“I did. I thought I was doing the right thing, but I was wrong.”
“What are you talking about?” Bethany took a step closer.
“I found a letter from Helen addressed to Meredith. She pretty much spelled out the fact that she lied, so I took it to the police.”
“And they didn’t believe you?”
“They did, but it wasn’t admissible in court.” Maria looked away. “Because I stole it from her without a warrant.”
Chapter 71

The sun had set and the darkness was spreading across the city, concealing Bethany’s reddened eyes. She approached Robert’s house, knowing that he’d be waiting just inside the door like a worried father. When she tried the doorknob, she found it unlocked. Quietly she opened it and slipped through.
Thank god he didn’t set the alarm. Bethany’s thoughts were interrupted when a dark figure rose from the chair. She jumped, thinking that Meredith had returned for her, then when the figure rose to its full height, Bethany knew it was Robert.
He strode over to the corner table and flicked the lamp on, sending long shadows across the room. His face looked tired and drawn, and Bethany glanced to the other chair, but Linda was nowhere to be found.
“She’s gone to bed,” Robert said, pacing back and forth.
Bethany glanced at the clock. “I’m sorry, I should’ve called.”
“Yes, you should have. I know I’m not your father, but—”
“There’s a slight chance you could be,” Bethany said sarcastically.
“But, you still should’ve had the decency to call.” Robert hitched his thumb toward the spare bedroom. “I know she doesn’t appear to care where you go or what you do, but I do.”
Bethany started to protest, but Robert cut her off.
“Although you’re not my daughter, you’re the closest thing I have to one. Maybe it’s because of my past, or maybe it’s because I really like you.”
“Thanks, Robert.” Bethany crossed the room and barely wrapped her arms around his waist.
“For what, yelling at you?”
“Yes.” Bethany released her embrace and plopped down into the nearest chair. “I went to see Maria.”
Robert knelt down beside her. “Maria? What does she have to do with all this?”
“How do you know about Maria, anyway?”
Robert looked over his shoulder, checking to make sure the spare bedroom door was closed, then lowered his voice. “I saw a letter addressed from a Maria Masterson, in that box your mother just had to have.”
Bethany leaned forward, excitedly. “What did it say?”
“What do you think I do, go around reading other people’s mail?”
She smirked. “Yes.”
“Well, I don’t. The top of the box fell off and I happened to see it.”
“So it’s still in there?”
“As far as I know. I don’t think she’ll hide it anywhere in my house.”
“Robert, I have to read it.”
“How did I know you were going to say that?”
Bethany remembered seeing Linda move the box into the spare room and guessed that she would’ve stuffed it under the bed like she did at home. Once a psychotic bitch, always a psychotic bitch.
“Robert, you have to get her out of the house tomorrow. I have to find out if what Maria said is true.”
“Well, we do have to go back to see the judge and sign the papers. He dismissed the room quickly after your grandmother collapsed.” Robert patted her hand. “I’m sorry she passed away. She seemed like a nice woman.”
Bethany nodded, not wanting to revisit that pain tonight. “Maria said that Linda can remember stuff from her past.”
Robert furrowed his brow. “How much?”
“That’s what I wanna know.” Bethany squeezed Robert’s hand. “You take her to the judge and I’m gonna search that box.”
“But he wants to see you, too?”
“Tell him I’m sick. I’ll even fake it in the morning. Cause Robert, I have to read that letter. I have to find out why Maria wrote to Linda.”
“Maria, Dan, Helen,” Robert muttered.
“Helen wrote to her, too? There’s no way I’m going tomorrow. I gotta read them all.”
“There’s probably nothing in them anyway.”
“Do you really believe that?”
Robert smirked. “So, if you come across anything good, I expect you to make a photocopy for me.”
“Deal.” Bethany stood and walked to the den as Robert programmed the alarm.
“I’m going to bed,” Bethany said, smiling. “I think I’m coming down with something.”
As she lay down on the pullout sofa, she couldn’t help thinking about the letters in the other room. Why would Maria write to her? I could understand if Laura was the survivor, but she’s not. And Helen, what could she possibly have to say to Linda?
“Grandma, why did you have to die?” Bethany clenched the covers to her face and wept. “Why…”
Chapter 72

“What do you mean, she’s not coming?” Linda asked from somewhere in the main portion of the house.
Bethany stirred and propped herself up in the bed. She tried her best to look sick while Robert played his part.
“Exactly what I said. She’s not feeling well. How do you expect her to feel? She lost someone close yesterday.”
“Close?” Bethany could picture the smile on Linda’s face, the same one from in the courtroom. “But she hardly knew her.”
“You’re impossible!” Robert’s voice boomed through the house. “How do you even live with yourself?”
Bethany heard the footsteps come closer. She sank into the bed and pulled the cover up to her face. When the door opened, she cringed, expecting Linda to come rip the covers from her hands, but to her surprise, she came in and sat beside her.
“Jasmine, are you feeling good enough to come see the judge?” Linda asked in a sweet tone.
Bethany knew she only cared about getting the papers signed. “No,” she mumbled.
“The judge might want to see you again. He might need you to sign some papers, too.”
“I… I don’t feel well. I don’t wanna go anywhere.”
The springs popped when Linda stood. “Fine, be like that! Lay there feeling sorry for yourself. While you’re at it, cry yourself back to sleep.”
Bethany fought to keep from lashing back at Linda’s insensitivity. She thought about how nice it would be to live with her father in his new apartment and get away from Linda. If only Dan was my father.
“Fine! You have ten minutes to get out of bed and get ready, or we’re leaving without you.” The door slammed shut and Bethany whipped the covers down.
“Bitch!”
The next ten minutes seemed like a life time as Bethany waited anxiously for a sign that they had left the house. She could hear whispers from her mother and she hoped that Robert wasn’t giving up on her plan to read those letters, but when she heard the beeping of the alarm, she knew she was gonna have a little time to herself.
“Bye, Bethany!” Robert called as he closed the front door.
Snapping the covers off and sending them to the floor, Bethany stood beside the door, listening for the car to leave.

***

Meredith stood with her back against the wall, hiding in the shadows of the morning. She watched as Robert and Linda stormed from the house and headed for the car.
“Bethany,” she muttered. Her excitement built with every second that passed until the car pulled from the driveway and disappeared down the street. “She’s alone! My daughter’s all alone in that house.” Meredith thought about how easily she’d entered this house. A small rock through the back door window and a few seconds later, she was standing inside this lookout tower.
Meredith glanced at the time and decided to wait ten minutes in case they returned unexpectedly, then she would gather her rock and head across the street.

***

When it sounded safe to leave the confines of the den, Bethany cracked the door open and peered out. They were gone. She quickly moved across the room and headed to the front door. Pulling it open, she heard the warning sound from the alarm behind. After fighting a mental block, Bethany remembered the code and managed to enter it before the alarm sounded.
When she returned to the door, she checked the driveway and even stepped onto the porch, glancing both ways down the street. Satisfied they were gone, Bethany closed the door and walked straight to her mother’s temporary bedroom. Without hesitating, she flung open the door and entered. The room was a mess.
“Okay, Mother, let’s see what secrets you’ve been keeping from me.” Bethany bent down at the edge of the bed and felt around for the box. She couldn’t feel it at the edge, so she dropped to her knees and peered under the bed.
“It’s not here.” Bethany straightened and looked around the room. “I can’t believe she didn’t put it under the bed like she did at home.”
Making her way to the dresser, she lifted a few blouses from the pile and found the jackpot. The lid was half off and a manila envelope rested on top, just like the one the judge had on his desk. Bethany picked it up and was about to open it when she saw the stack of letters beneath. She dropped the envelope and grasped the bundle, then plopped down on the bed.
Flipping through the bundle, Bethany couldn’t imagine where to start. She paused at Maria’s letter, then spotted Helen’s. There were letters from other people, but Bethany didn’t recognize their names.
“Let’s see what Maria had to say.” Bethany pulled the letter from the bundle and opened the sealed envelope. She took a minute to read the entire letter. “Nothing, just a stupid sympathy letter.”
She was starting to lose hope and she could see now why her mother hadn’t opened these letters. She didn’t wanna read how sorry everyone was that her sister had died.
With a little less enthusiasm, Bethany selected Helen’s letter. This one had been previously opened. She unfolded the paper and read her grandmother’s words.

It has come to my attention that you have been having an affair with one of my sons. My husband would not tell me which one it is, but it does not matter as each has already selected a wife. Please refrain from this activity and leave our family alone.

Bethany reread the letter and sat thinking about the possibilities when she remembered Maria’s comment yesterday, >You resemble your father’s side of the family’.
“Frank? No, she wouldn’t even consider… Frank?”
Shaking her head at the disgusting image of the man, Bethany flipped one by one through the remainder of letters. They turned out to be nothing but sympathy letters from old friends wishing her to get well.
When she was almost at the end of the stack, she wondered if she might have been wasting her time.
“That’s odd.” The second last letter was in a blank envelope, and this one had been opened and well worn. The paper inside appeared to have been crumpled and smoothed many times. Bethany pulled it out and read the big letters.

>TIME TO CHOOSE OR DIE’

“She knew someone was gonna try and kill her? Why didn’t she do something about it? Why didn’t she go to the police?”
Bethany searched the back of the envelope for a clue. “It had to be someone who knew about her affair, but who?” She considered everyone involved. “Dan, no. Frank, yeah right, he wouldn’t want it to stop. Grant, well, he doesn’t seem to really care about anything.”
Bethany flipped through the letters again and stopped at Helen’s. She withdrew it and read it another time. “Helen was the only one upset with the affair, but she couldn’t have arranged the accident, could she?”
Chapter 73

Confused at the contents of the letters, Bethany tossed them back into the box and grabbed the manila envelope from the dresser, then stood debating whether to open it or not.
“What could the DNA results possibly tell me?” She pulled the report from the envelope and studied the chart. All three of their names were listed across the top, and below were some kind of a matching system.
Bethany followed the numbers across the paper and looked for the matches. She figured out the process when her numbers matched Linda’s, but when it came to Dan’s column only two were matches.
“Two? But what does that mean.” Bethany flipped to the next sheet of the report and began reading the explanation. Skipping the technical jargon, she attempted to discover the meaning of the report.
“Linda, 99.9 % match. Dan, zero.” Bethany looked puzzled at the zero score. After all he did have two matches. “How can that be?”
She skipped to the bottom of the page. “Linda Taylor is the biological mother. Dan Rosehart is not the biological father.”
Thinking she’d missed something important in the report, Bethany reread the entire thing. “I don’t get it. It doesn’t make sense.” She noticed they listed the laboratory contact information on the top of the report. She read the telephone number then headed into the den.
After punching in the number, Bethany wondered if they would give the information to her.
“DNA Diagnostic Laboratory, how may I direct your call?”
Bethany froze, unsure what to ask for. “I’m…” She cleared her throat and tried to sound older. “I’m calling about the DNA report I received yesterday.”
“Hold a minute while I switch you to someone who can answer your question. Could I please have the patient number on the top of the form?”
Bethany fumbled with the paper and found the number, then read it quickly. She listened to the complete silence of their holding system and tried to gather her strength.
“Okay, Linda.” A man’s voice filled the line. He didn’t sound any older than she was, but Bethany was sure it was just the geek factor affecting his voice. “I’ve pulled your report up. Now, what seems to be the problem?”
“Well… I was just reading the report and I noticed the matches on Dan’s column. I was curious how he managed to get a zero on the parental possibility?”
“Didn’t the judge explain the report to you?” The man suddenly sounded short. “As you can see, you’re a perfect match with Bethany. All sixteen markers matched and we know for sure that you’re her mother. Dan on the other hand only had two out of sixteen matches, which means there’s no possible way he could be her father.”
“But… “
“Yes, I know, he matched two. Well, they could’ve been common matches found throughout the population. Everyone gets them if they’re from the same ethnic origin.”
“Oh.” Bethany started to understand the process. “But what if he wasn’t my—Bethany’s father, but her uncle?”
“Well, that’s a whole different story. You had a paternal test done. For that to work and to eliminate the two matches, we’d need a sample from Dan’s parents, too.”
“They’d never go for it.”
“Well, in that case, going with the information you provided, I’d say it’s possible that Dan could be a distant match.”
“Really?” Bethany felt excited getting closer to the truth, but at the same time she felt sick just thinking about Frank.
“But, I have to also warn you that half the ethnic group could also match Dan’s profile.” The man cleared his throat. “Why don’t you just ask the potential father for a sample?”
“It’s not that easy.”
“Well, without the additional samples we can’t confirm the possibility that Bethany and Dan are related.”
“Oh?”
“If there’s nothing else…”
“Sorry, thank you.” Bethany hung the phone up and walked back to the spare bedroom, then tucked the report back into the envelope and placed it on the dresser.
“Frank?” Bethany considered the possibility. “I sure hope Maria’s right, cause if Linda can remember, I’m gonna get it out of her.”
Bethany heard a muffled click in the other room. It sounded like the door latch closing, but she ignored it when the alarm didn’t sound.
I did reset the alarm after I went outside, didn’t I?
She pushed the thought from her mind and continued digging through the box, but then her curiosity got the better of her. Out into the front room she went. The door was closed, but as she neared the alarm she realized that she hadn’t reset it. When the last number was entered, she breathed a heavy sigh.
“Good thing Meredith’s not around.” Bethany returned to the spare bedroom and pulled the rest of the stuff from the box. There were some track and field ribbons, a twelve-inch bowling trophy, a few photos of Linda and Laura when they were children, and an artist’s sketch book. Tossing the trophy onto the bed, she picked up the sketch book.
Laura’s name was drawn on the front of the sketch book, but it’d been scribbled out with black ink. When Bethany opened the book and flipped page after page through Laura’s pictures, she saw how truly talented her aunt was. Each sketch was better than the previous one, but her heart sank at the sight of the black ink scribbled through each masterpiece.
“This is terrible. Who would do this to her art work?” Bethany couldn’t take her eyes off the vandalism.
“I’m guessing Linda,” Meredith said. Her voice brought a shiver to Bethany’s body.
Chapter 74

Bethany held her nerves in check and calmly turned to see Meredith standing in the doorway. She looked almost normal, except for the wild eyes glaring at the sketch book.
“You know,” Meredith’s eyes took in the entire scene, “Linda always seemed like she wasn’t herself.”
Bethany had to stifle a laugh at the kettle referring to the pot.
“That time she brought you to the cabin, she seemed torn between being a good mother to you and being an artist. It was like she couldn’t be both.” Meredith laughed, but half of it seemed to be forced. “I guess her artistic side won when she dumped you on my doorstep.”
Bethany couldn’t argue the fact. She believed it to be the truth, but it still hurt knowing that Linda would leave her like that and never look back. Breaking eye contact, Bethany dared to call her by name.
“Meredith, why would she come back now?”
The use of her given name shocked her, but she seemed to accept it. “Why would anybody come back to this hell hole? Maybe someone stole her man. Maybe someone stole her art and tried to pass it off as her own, then couldn’t recreate the same kind of work.”
“Maybe…” Bethany said. “Maybe you’re right.”
“Of course I’m right!” Meredith entered the room and edged her way to the plastic box on the dresser. “There’s proof right there in your hand.”
Bethany stared at the sketch of a woman. The work was so realistic and each line appeared to be drawn with effortless skill. How she longed to know Laura at this moment, but the only person who truly knew her was her best friend, Maria.
“Maria…” Bethany mumbled as her eyes darted to the letters in Meredith’s hand. “Did you know that Maria and Aunt Laura were friends?”
“That’s why I fired her.” Meredith opened an envelope and pulled out the letter, read it and tucked it back inside. “Found her snooping around the house.”
“So you thought she was spying?” Bethany watched as she dug deep into the box and pulled out a thick envelope. She opened it like it belonged to her, and pulled the documents from within. “I know she was spying. I caught her red handed going through my stuff.”
“Like you’re doing, now?”
Meredith shrugged and kept on reading. “Ah, that explains it.”
“What?” Bethany asked, but Meredith ignored her.
When she finished reading the pages, she looked at Bethany. “Maria came to our house a few days after your mother ran away. She had some story about a neighbour calling the Welcome Wagon and reporting the new baby, but I think she did it.”
“Why would she bother?”
“It was a cover. She called the Welcome Wagon and they brought out a basket of gifts. That way she’d have an excuse for asking if we needed a nanny.” Meredith slapped her forehead. “How stupid could I’ve been? I should’ve seen it coming! I should’ve known that she was a spy!”
“Maybe she just wanted to make sure I was all right? She seems to really care about me, now.”
“Yeah, now, but what about back then?”
“What?” Bethany asked. She stooped to the bed, grasped the trophy and quickly hid it behind her back, then pretended to concentrate on the sketch book.
Meredith threw the papers down into the box and Bethany was able to make out the title on them. >Last Will and Testament’. Her eyes remained fixed on the will as Meredith plucked the blank envelope from the pile. After unfolding the crinkled letter with the threat on it, she slammed it down onto the dresser.
“This is what she was looking for! This is what she was searching for!”
Bethany read the threat again. “This was in our house?”
“No, not this. Evidence! Anything that would send your father to jail.” Meredith laughed hysterically at the letter then crumpled it in her hands and let it fall back into the box. “Your father doesn’t write like this.”
“He’s not my father,” Bethany said without thinking.
“What are you talking about? Of course he’s your father. He was screwing Linda!”
“That’s not what the DNA test says.” Bethany pointed to the envelope on the dresser. “They say he can’t be my father.”
“But if he’s not your father, then maybe he never was unfaithful to me.” Meredith pulled the report from the envelope and scanned it. “Maybe it was all in my head?”
“I wouldn’t rule that one out,” Bethany mumbled, moving behind Meredith and drawing the trophy high over her head.
Dropping the report, Meredith grabbed the crumpled death threat from the box. “Gr—”
Bethany cut her words short, driving the heavy trophy down into the back of her head. Meredith crumbled to the floor, her head bouncing off the side of the mattress before hitting the carpet.
“Sorry, but I can’t trust you not to do the same.” Bethany ran through the house to the small back entrance room. There she searched the shelves of odds and ends for anything to secure Meredith with. She wished she could find some of those plastic straps, but Robert didn’t have any on hand, so she settled for a roll of duct tape. Besides, if she had to, she could whack Meredith with the trophy again.
When Bethany returned to the bedroom, Meredith was still sprawled out in the same spot on her stomach, moaning. Quickly she pulled Meredith’s hands together behind her back and fastened them with the tape, then secured her feet together.
What should I do? Should I call the police? Bethany couldn’t convince herself that Meredith deserved to go to jail. Sure, she had kidnapped me and maybe she was about to do it again.
But, was she gonna try it again? Bethany wondered why she’d come here.
“I guess she didn’t do anything today, but she would’ve, wouldn’t she?”
Grabbing Meredith by the feet, Bethany struggled, dragging her out into the front room, then took a seat to catch her breath. As she sat looking at the welt on Meredith’s head, she wondered what was so interesting in the will. Quickly she headed into the room and retrieved it, then took a seat on the couch so she could watch over Meredith.
As she scanned Grandma Taylor’s will, she understood exactly why Linda wanted her back so bad.
Chapter 75

Bethany folded the will and tucked it back into the envelope. She was furious with Linda. How dare she use her like this? It wasn’t fair. Slowly she drew some deep breaths, trying to convince herself that Linda didn’t know about the stipulation in the will.
Yeah, right. Why else would she come back here? Bethany walked into the bedroom and held the will in one hand and the DNA results in the other. She needed to confront Linda on both, but which one would she start with.
“Who cares why she came back?” Bethany tossed the will on the dresser so Linda would know that she’d seen it, then carried the DNA results out into the front room. She took a seat on the couch and waited for Robert and Linda to get home.
After pulling out the report and reading it again, she said, “Two out of sixteen, huh.”
Helen’s letter did say for Linda to stop having the affair with one of her sons, but she didn’t know which one?
Bethany watched as Meredith started to stir. When her eyes snapped open, Bethany felt sorrow fill her heart. Here was a woman who eventually looked past her bloodline and raised someone else’s child as her own.
She seems to actually care for me—Care enough to kidnap me so I’d be safe from my biological mother.
“Bethany… What happened? Why am I tied up?” Meredith struggled with the tape and Bethany stood, holding the trophy in her hand.
Her eyes saw the big blunt object in Bethany’s hand, then she winced at the pain in her head. “You… You, hit me with that?”
Bethany quickly tucked the trophy behind her back and her face brightened to a shade of red. She felt ashamed. “You were gonna do the same to me. Weren’t you?”
“I’ve never hurt you, Bethany.”
“Yeah, just tied me up like a dog and kept me to yourself.”
“I only took you away so you wouldn’t get hurt. I knew Linda was up to no good.” Meredith’s eyes flooded with tears. “Please, you have to untie me.”
“I can’t.” Bethany shook her head. “The last time you drugged me and took me away. That’s not what a caring person does. For all I know, you have some more of that liquid in your pocket.”
“Go on, check. I only came here to talk. There’s nowhere else to hide.” Meredith looked beaten, like an old dog preparing to die.
“What about Linda?”
“What about her?” Meredith’s anger returned.
“You beat her silly when you broke into our house.”
“She deserved it! I overlooked her affair with Dan. I overlooked her dumping her child on me, but I can’t overlook her stealing my daughter from me.”
“So, you actually think of me as your own daughter?” Bethany set the trophy down and pulled Meredith up so she sat with her back against the couch.
“Of course I do. I raised you for fourteen years of your life. Why would I do that if I didn’t care about you?”
Bethany shrugged her shoulders and thought over the situation.
“If I didn’t care about you then I would’ve called the child welfare and had you taken away.”
The sound of a car pulling into the driveway caused Meredith’s eyes to widen like saucers. “Bethany, you have to untie me! You have to let me go! I can’t go to jail—I just can’t!”
She watched the terror in Meredith’s eyes and knew she’d never survive in jail. “But I can’t.”
“Sure you can. Let me go and I promise never to bother you again.” Meredith struggled to get free. “Please?”
The sound of the car door slamming shut caused Bethany to jump her decision. She tossed the report on the table and grabbed the tape around Meredith’s ankles then started to unwrap them.
“Please! Hurry. If Linda sees me, she’ll call the cops.”
“Because you hurt her.” Bethany pulled the last of the tape from Meredith’s ankles and paused at her wrists. “They won’t send you to jail. They’ll try and get you some help.”
“You can help me, Bethany.” Meredith got to her feet. “You can give me a second chance like I gave you when you were six months old.”
Sighing, Bethany started to unravel her wrists, then heard the key being inserted into the lock.
“Hurry, Bethany, I can’t go to jail.”
She stopped fumbling with the tape and ushered Meredith through the room, shoving her into the den just as Robert stepped through the door. Quickly she yanked the door shut. It closed without latching then bounced open a crack and Bethany stood frozen, watching as Robert and Linda entered.
“Well, then call and have them put an alarm system in today. I don’t want to stay here another day,” Linda complained as she entered the house.
“Why? What’s wrong with staying here?” Robert argued. “It’s safer here then at your home.”
“Everything’s done?” Bethany said, looking nervously over her shoulder at the den door.
Linda smiled. “You’re all mine. No need to worry about anything now. We’ll get the best alarm system installed today and we’ll be back in our own beds tonight.”
“Linda, I still don’t—” Robert watched as Linda broke for the table. The same table where the papers were.
Spinning around on Bethany, she screamed, “You went through my stuff!”
“That’s about me, too,” Bethany countered.
Linda stomped to the bedroom door and looked inside. “You had no right going through my personal stuff.”
Bethany’s face tightened. She felt anger bubbling up inside like she’d never felt before, not even when Meredith came into the house. Snatching the papers from the table, she held them out to Linda.
“Frank’s my father?”
Linda’s face softened. “What are you talking about?” Her voice lowered into a sweet caring tone.
“They said at the lab that Dan could be related. A distant relation, like an uncle.”
“Is this because of that slight match?” Linda laughed softly. “That’s a normal mistake.”
“No, it’s because of Helen’s letter. She knew you were having an affair with one of her sons, but she didn’t know which one it was.”
Linda ripped the papers from Bethany’s hands and tore them in half. “Think what you want. I don’t have to answer to you!”
“Why… How?”
“Why were you so determined to find out the truth? What’s the big deal who fathered you?” Linda stormed into the kitchen.
Robert watched in amazement. “Frank?”
Chapter 76

Bethany caught the swinging door and followed Linda inside the kitchen. She watched as Linda ripped the papers into smaller pieces, then dropped them into the trash can.
“Why did the judge call you up to the bench?”
Linda turned, looking upset. “He wanted to know if I had any objections to him ordering a more extensive testing procedure.”
“He knew Dan might be related?”
“No, but he wanted to be sure.”
Bethany looked confused. “But, why?”
“Because he figures that if I can’t remember who else fucked me, then he should look at everyone involved.”
Bethany narrowed her eyes. “So, why didn’t he order the tests?”
“Because I told him who the father was.”
“Frank?”
Linda broke her eye contact and turned away.
Maria’s words clicked in her head and Bethany pressed on. “So you remembered?”
“He told me.” Linda pushed her way through the door.
“But you can remember, too?”
Linda stopped and spun around. “No! No, I can’t remember.” She lifted her bangs and displayed the scar.
“Yes,” Bethany rolled her eyes, “I remember you telling me, but Maria also told me that you can remember.”
Linda’s face turned ashen before her jaw tightened. “Maria!” she said, turning and heading into her bedroom with Bethany following on her heels.
“She told me everything.”
Linda dropped onto the bed.
“She told me that you started to remember right around the same time you abandoned me on Dan and Meredith’s doorstep.”
“She’s lying! She’s only saying those things because she’s jealous that I survived the accident and her best friend died.” Linda looked up at Bethany with tears in her eyes. “I was her twin! I should’ve been Laura’s best friend, not that bitch. She stole my own sister away from me and now she’s jealous.”
“Maria said Grandma Taylor made her promise never to tell that you had your memory back.” Bethany reached out and lifted Linda’s chin up so she could watch for the truth in her eyes. “Why would she do that?”
Linda locked eyes with Bethany. “Because I told her to.”
“Why?”
“Because the memories were too painful.” Linda stared off through the window. “After the accident, everything was great. I had no care in the world. It was like I’d been reborn. My slate had been wiped clean. But then my memory came back and the things I knew were awful. My paradise was destroyed. So, I took Laura’s lead and disappeared to New York to peddle her artwork as my own.”
Bethany knew she had Linda on the ropes and went for the knockout. “Why did you come back then?”
Linda looked past Bethany at the box on the dresser and saw the dishevelled papers. “You read Grandma’s will?”
Bethany nodded slowly, fresh tears rushing forward. “Tell me that you came back for me. Tell me that you came back because you care about me.”
“I do,” Linda said.
“Bullshit!”
Robert inched around the corner, watching to make sure things didn’t get out of hand, because Bethany’s last outburst in the courtroom had been a doozey.
“You lying piece of shit!” Bethany screamed, pointing at the papers. “I read the will. I know the only reason you came back was to get the inheritance.”
“At first—”
“Money and a house can’t make you love me. You never loved me, did you!”
“You have to understand—”
“Oh, I think I understand everything. You get pregnant and have me, then the first chance you get, you dump me like a bag of trash and head off for a fresh start. Then when Grandma Taylor died, you found out that she’d linked her inheritance on a condition of you taking responsibility for your own flesh and blood.”
“I know it sounds terrible, but once I got you back everything changed. I don’t care about her house—or her money. I only want you back, Jasmine.”
“That’s it, right there. That one simple word proves everything you said is nothing but bullshit!”
“What? What did I say?”
“You can’t even accept that my name’s no longer Jasmine. It’s Bethany now. The Jasmine you knew is dead, just like Grandma Taylor, Grandma Rosehart, Laura and my life.”
“Don’t say that,” Meredith begged from behind Robert. “Your life’s fine. We’ll be a family again.”
Meredith had snuck out of the den during the argument and came to Bethany’s defence. Her hands were still secured behind her back, but her face was that which Bethany knew from her childhood.
Robert spun around, shocked at her appearance. He instinctively grabbed Meredith and started forcing her to the ground, when he noticed the restraints on her wrists.
“What’s going on here?”
Bethany pushed past Robert and started to unwrap Meredith’s wrists. “She came in when you were gone. I got nervous and knocked her out, then tied her up.”
Robert looked from Meredith to Linda, and realized that Linda had given up. She hadn’t responded to the intrusion like she should have, but instead dwelled on the realization that she had betrayed Bethany’s trust.
“Jas… Bethany, I’m sorry for using you. I should’ve been upfront from the start. I…”
Bethany finished untying Meredith and looked past all the staring eyes. “You should stop talking now, because I’m not listening anymore.”
“But Bethany, I only did it so you could have money and a future.”
“You keep the money. I’d rather have a family.” Bethany turned and walked to the front door. She opened it and paused when the alarm beeped, then walked out into the fresh air, leaving the door open. Halfway down the driveway the alarm started to howl.
Chapter 77

Bethany sat on the park bench with her face in her hands. Her shoulders heaved with every sob and she never heard the approaching footsteps from behind.
“Bethany?”
The word caused her to jump. She straightened and wiped the tears from her cheeks, then turned to see who had followed her.
“Bethany…”
The deep voice was familiar but it wasn’t that of Robert. She looked up, squinting in the sunlight at the face of a friend. It seemed like such a long time since she’d seen him that she thought it might be a mirage.
“Ryan,” Bethany said, jumping to her feet when she realized exactly who it was. “Ryan, but how did you find me?” She climbed onto the bench and leaned over the back, wrapping her arms around her boyfriend.
“I ran into this lady outside your house and she told me where you’re staying. She tried to explain what was going on, but it didn’t make sense.”
“What was she doing outside my old house?”
“Old house? So you’re living here now?” Ryan hitched a thumb back down the street.
“But how did you know I was down here?”
“I didn’t.” Ryan flashed his crooked smile. “I was on my way to check out the address, when I thought I saw you over here.”
“I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to make a scene.”
“You didn’t. I heard you crying… “
“Oh.” Suddenly Bethany realized just how long it’d been since she’d last seen Ryan. She pulled him in close and sank into a long passionate kiss, then released her embrace and sat back down on the bench. “I’m sorry about the other day.” She patted the seat beside and waited for Ryan to take the hint. “I really wanted to be with you, but—”
“That lady told me all about it.” Ryan placed his arm around her shoulder, drawing her close. “Are you okay? She didn’t hurt you, did she?”
“Meredith? No, I think she was actually trying to help me.”
“Kidnapping’s a strange way of helping.”
“I know she’s messed up, but she really does care about me.”
“So are you gonna live with her in your old house?” Ryan asked.
“No, I don’t think that’s an option anymore.” Bethany checked over her shoulder, making sure they were still alone. “Linda has full custody of me.”
“Linda’s the one who gave you all the money?”
Bethany nodded. “She got an inheritance from her mother.”
Ryan looked confused at her troubled expression. “That’s good, right?”
“No.” Bethany leaned forward, dropping her head down. “Grandma put a condition on the inheritance.”
Ryan reached over and placed a finger under her chin, tilting her face up to his. “What condition?”
“She had to get me back to get the money.”
“Oh.” Ryan released her chin and sat back against the hard wood bench. “So you think she doesn’t really want you.”
Bethany’s silence said enough. She climbed to her feet and kicked at a clump of long grass. “What am I supposed to do? I can’t live with her, knowing the truth. Meredith, on the other hand.” Bethany laughed. “She might be committed tomorrow.”
“What about your father? You could stay with him when he gets out.”
“He is out.”
“That’s great. You can—”
“But he’s not my father.”
Ryan looked flabbergasted. “What do you mean? Of course he is.”
“No…” Bethany stared into the distance. “No, he’s not. He’s my uncle.” She shook uncontrollably. “And my father’s a pervert.”
Ryan shook his head, then stood. He took hold of Bethany’s hand and led her across the park. “You could always stay with me. I’m sure my parents wouldn’t mind.”
Bethany stopped and looked deep into his eyes. “I know you wanna help, but your parents would never agree to keep me in the same house as you.”
“I could ask?”
“Till you’re blue in the face, but they’d never allow it.”
“It’s worth trying, isn’t it?” Ryan begged.
“I might as well just hide out in Robert’s house until I’m old enough to live on my own.”
“Robert’s the big ape who was stalking you?”
Bethany laughed at the analogy. “Yeah, he is big isn’t he?” Bethany thought of his missing daughter and how nice he’d been during all of this. “But I’m sure he’d let me stay if I asked.”
Ryan yanked on her arm and started her back across the green grass. “Well, ask him and find out.”
“But Linda will be pissed. She freaks out on him whenever he tries to help me.”
“Fuck her! She’s only in this for the money.”
Pausing, Bethany said half jokingly, “Like you?”
“Of course. I’m still waiting for my cut of the dough.”
“Well, keep waiting. I might need that money for a motel room tonight.”
“Just the two of us.”
“Yeah, keep dreaming.” Bethany shoved him down and started running across the park. “I’m not that easy.”
Chapter 78

It was late afternoon when Bethany and Ryan returned to Robert’s house. They’d spent the day catching up on everything that had gone on during the last few days as they wandered aimlessly around the city.
“Maybe I’d better just leave you here,” Ryan said, stopping in the driveway.
“Don’t be silly. Come inside and I’ll introduce you to Robert and Linda.” Bethany suddenly wondered what would’ve happened to Meredith. Surely they didn’t let her stay for tea.
With a quickened step, she pulled Ryan up to the front door and after a brief hesitation, turned the knob and quietly pushed it open.
“Hello?” She noticed the alarm never beeped. “That’s strange.”
“What?” Ryan pushed past her into the house.
“The alarm’s been turned off.” Bethany wandered through the front room looking for anything out of place.
“Well, maybe with Meredith—”
“Robert!” Bethany yelled. There was a clink of a coffee cup in the kitchen and a moment later, Robert poked his head through the doorway and eyed her carefully.
“Bethany.” His eyes looked Ryan over like a concerned father. “Come in here and have a seat.”
“Robert?”
“Bring your friend with you.”
“What’s going on?” Bethany asked when she saw Linda perched at the table, looking defeated.
“We’ve been talking.”
“Where’s Meredith?”
“She’s being looked after,” Robert said, taking a seat.
“You called the cops and turned her in?”
“Bethany, I had no choice. She’s done some things that must be addressed,” Robert defended.
“But I’m willing to let everything go. So what’s the problem?”
Robert glanced across the table at Linda.
“You’re not thinking about pressing charges against Meredith,” Bethany said.
But Linda refused to talk.
“Meredith did commit some crimes,” Robert interrupted, “and she needs to be made accountable for her actions.”
“I won’t let you—”
He stood and loomed over the table. “I made a few calls and they took her for an evaluation at the hospital.”
“Evaluated for what?”
“Her mental condition.”
Bethany understood what Robert was trying to do. “So you think she’s crazy?”
“I think she needs some help.” Robert carried his cup to the sink. “That’s why I made some calls.”
Bethany half smiled. “So, you’re gonna help her?”
“That’s what you want, isn’t it?”
She nodded and squeezed Ryan’s hand. After a brief introduction, they sat at the table.
“Where do we go from here?” Bethany asked, breaking the silence.
Linda’s head shot up. “We’ll return to our house tonight and then start getting settled into our lives.”
“No!” Bethany demanded, causing Linda’s eyes to bulge. “I don’t wanna go back there—At least not tonight.”
Robert smiled at Linda. “Another night won’t kill you?”
“Nobody will kill me now that Meredith’s locked up.” Linda stood and looked at Bethany. “If you want to stay here tonight, be my guest, but you will live in that house with me.” She turned and left the room.
“The hell I will,” Bethany muttered. She watched Linda leave, then turned back. “Robert, I could stay with you. I could work with you in your office?”
“Nice try, but I’m not getting involved in this. You and Linda need to bury the hatchet.”
“Bury…” Bethany sat lost in thoughts for a few seconds, then slammed her hand on the table. “Robert, the funeral.”
“You want to go?”
“No, but I have to go. She was my grandmother.”
“Maybe?”
“You heard Linda. She said Frank’s my father. So, that still makes Helen my grandmother. Besides then I can confront him.”
“If you do that, you’ll need someone for protection.”
“I’ll do it!” Ryan said, jumping forward in the chair.
Robert laughed. “Sorry, Ryan, but they’d chew you up and spit you out.” He turned to Bethany. “The only way you’re going is if I take you.”
“Thanks, Robert. Now if you can just get Linda to come along with us.”
“Now you’re dreaming. There’s no way she’ll go to that funeral.”
“There is one way,” Bethany said.
Robert gave her a questioning look. “How?”
“You go tell her that I won’t contest living with her.” Bethany smiled widely. “She goes to the funeral and she gets the inheritance. She doesn’t and I live… here.”
“She won’t go for it.”
“Sure she will. What’s she gotta lose? A single day for her money and house?”
Robert ran his fingers through his hair. “I don’t mind taking you, but she’ll be nothing but trouble.”
“Please,” Bethany gave him a big pout. “For me?”
Robert stood and stormed across the room. “You’ll owe me one.” He disappeared through the doorway. “Linda!”
Chapter 79

Bethany was the first to enter the funeral home, followed by Robert, then Linda trailing behind who quickly broke free and hung back near the quiet corner of the room. Bethany watched her disappear into the shadows and started back toward her, then decided that at least she’d shown up.
Clenching a single yellow rose in her hand, she paused to make sure Robert was still with her. The showing was crowded and Bethany wondered how everyone had known her grandmother. Maybe they’re neighbours, or maybe Grandma went to church and this is her congregation.
Suddenly Bethany realized she didn’t really know her grandmother after all. Her eyes drifted over the room and she spotted Dan standing up at the front beside the casket. Grant, Frank and Sally were all there in a row with Dan on the far end. Bethany wandered through the crowd toward the front of the room, fighting the lump in her throat. She’d concentrated so much on what she would say to Frank when she got the chance, that she’d almost forgot her real reason for coming here today.
The lid sat open and Bethany paused at the foot of the coffin, forgetting every word she’d prepared. The fact that her estranged family stood at the other end of the coffin, some scowling at her appearance, didn’t help one bit. She stared down into the open coffin, at the frail remains of the one person who had really loved her.
Helen wore a simple old-fashioned black dress. It was quite different from the soft coloured dresses she’d worn on the farm, but it suited her. I wonder if she would’ve worn this if she’d ever come to visit me?
Bethany could feel Grant’s eyes burning into her. If only he hadn’t kept her away.
She leaned over the coffin and whispered something, then placed the yellow rose over Helen’s hands.
“Rest in peace, Grandma,” Bethany said, struggling to contain her emotions. She heard someone clear their throat loudly and knew before she even looked up that it would be Grant.
“There are people who really care who want to see her, too.” His gruff voice was low enough that nobody would hear his remark, except maybe Frank beside him, or Robert.
Bethany felt the sting of his words, but refused to let him get to her. Instead, she glanced back into the coffin and took one last look at the woman who befriended her at the farm. It was when Robert’s hand touched her back, she felt a surge of confidence.
“Grant,” she stared into his empty eyes, “you didn’t deserve a person like her. She was kind and thoughtful and—”
“Deceiving.”
Bethany staggered as if she’d been hit. “She was not!”
“You hardly knew her.” He cleared his throat and spoke in a hush. “You think you can get to know someone in a few days.” He laughed. “It takes a lifetime. Now move it down the line.”
Frank stood next in the line up beside Sally. His face was still slightly swollen and bruised, but he didn’t seem to care as he stared at Bethany like she was on display. She wanted to scream out the fact that he was her father if nothing more than to make him stop staring at her chest, but the look on Sally’s face ended that notion. Sally looked happy to see her and if she found out that her husband had been unfaithful, Bethany thought Sally might end up in a coffin, too.
So without saying a word, Bethany passed by Frank and gave Sally’s hand a gentle squeeze, then asked, “Where’s Bryce?”
“He had to stay home and do some work.”
Bethany thought of his hobby and wondered if he’d found some new girl to photograph. “Work? Like what?”
“Oh, I don’t know. He’s always got something to do though.”
Yeah, like trying to get somebody’s cloths off.
Bethany continued down to Dan, but felt the empty space beside her. Turning back she saw Robert standing in front of Frank, balling his hands into fists as he stared down into Frank’s face. Then with no words exchanged, Robert moved down the line to console Sally.
“Bethany… I’m—”
“It’s okay.” She took his hand in hers. “How’s your apartment coming?”
“It seems empty,” Dan sighed. “But it’s bigger than my last place.”
“Maybe… I can come over sometime. It’d be like old times.”
Dan raised his hand and stroked her hair. “I’d like that. We could get to know each other again.” He led her to the empty seats along the back wall. Robert started to follow, but held his distance.
When they were alone, Dan asked, “They caught Meredith?”
“Yeah.” Bethany forced a laugh. “She came to pay me another of her wonderful motherly visits, but I stopped her this time.”
“Oh?” Dan’s brows knitted.
“It’s a long story. Maybe I’ll tell you over dinner,” Bethany joked.
“Yes, our dinner. I’ve been so busy with—”
“You don’t have to explain. I understand.” She looked into his eyes. “Dad… There I go again. Sorry, Dan, so you really thought I was your daughter?”
“Yes.” Dan looked over at Robert standing within pouncing distance. “Linda must have been fooling around with someone else while we were together.” He shook his head. “I didn’t think she was like that. I thought she loved me.”
“I don’t know if she’s capable of love.” Bethany’s eyes scoured the room for a glimpse of Linda.
“What do you mean?”
“Her mother’s will was conditional. She only wanted me back so she could get her inheritance.”
“But she must care about you. After all, she’s your mother.” Dan too began to search the room and Bethany thought he was looking to confront Linda.
When his face tensed and he jerked up from the chair, Bethany grasped his arm and pulled him back. “She told me who my father is.”
Dan’s jaw dropped open as he turned to stare down into Bethany’s face. “She knows?”
“Yeah, but I’ll tell you later. Not right now.” She could picture Dan racing across the crowded room and attacking his brother.
“Who? Who is it? I have to know.”
“I can’t—Not right now.”
Dan pulled free and searched the room for Linda. “If you won’t tell me, then I’ll have to ask Linda.”
“Dan!” Bethany yelled and half the room turned to see what was going on. He returned slowly, waiting for the crowd to lose interest. “Fine, I’ll tell you, but promise me you won’t do anything stupid.”
“Stupid, but…” Dan took a few deep breaths and plopped back down into the chair. “Shoot.”
“Frank…” Dan’s face turned beet-red as he drew a deep breath and held it. “She said, Frank’s my father.”
“That lying bitch!” Dan shook his head and exhaled deeply.
“No, the DNA results show that you could be a distant relative.”
“Well, they’re wrong.”
“No, they’re not. I talked to the guy at the lab and he said—”
“Frank’s sterile. He can’t have kids.”
“But Bryce?”
“They had to get a donor. Bryce isn’t his biological son. They got someone else to donate sperm.”
“But if he’s sterile, then he can’t be…” Bethany stood and scoured the room. “That lying bitch!”
Chapter 80

Bethany jumped to her feet and stormed across the room, splitting the crowd and heading straight to the back corner where her mother was hiding. She grabbed Linda’s hand, pulling her with little fight, down the hallway and out into the parking lot.
“How dare you lie to me!” Bethany screamed after looking around to make sure they were alone.
“What are you talking about? I never lied.” Linda jerked her hand free and took a step backward.
“You told me that Frank was my father, didn’t you!”
Robert burst through the doorway and hid in the shadows to watch.
Linda swallowed hard before answering. “He is! Who are you going to believe, me or him?”
“I never asked him,” Bethany had a sly look on her face, “yet.”
“Then what are you talking about?”
“He’s sterile! He can’t have kids. Bryce isn’t even his kid and neither am I.”
The colour drained from Linda’s face. “But how?”
“Dan told me.”
“Oh…”
“So drop the bullshit, cause I’m tired of your lies. Now, tell me who my father is or I’ll never speak to you again for as long as I live!”
“Fine.” Linda walked over to the bench outside the entrance and took a seat. “You might as well sit down for this.”
Bethany stood beside her and folded her arms. “I’m fine. Now tell me the truth.”
“Somehow Dan’s mother found out that we were having an affair. I don’t know how she would’ve found out, unless Meredith was suspicious. But she’d never go to them for help, would she?”
Bethany shrugged her shoulders. “So she sent you that letter?”
“Yes, that letter. Helen found out and must have sent Grant to pay me a little visit. I don’t know what she had in mind, but what he did to me was the worst thing imaginable.” Linda’s eyes filled with tears.
“What?”
“He… He raped me,” Linda said barely above a whisper. Her head dropped down so her chin rested on her heaving chest.
“How do I know this isn’t another one of your lies?” Bethany said, sitting down beside Linda.
“He took pictures. Go ask him to show you the pictures.” Linda met her gaze. “Ask him!”
“No, it’s okay,” Bethany felt her wall falling apart, “I believe you.”
Linda raised her chin and Bethany looked deep into her eyes. “I’m sorry for lying to you, but I tried to tell you how painful the memories were. I wish I’d never got them back.”
“So, you’re telling me that that frail woman in the casket sent her husband to rape you?”
“I don’t know what she sent him for, but when he got there he threatened me and told me to leave Dan alone. He said Dan was happily married and he didn’t need a slut ruining it.”
“But I thought they’d be happy to get rid of Meredith?”
“Grant accused me of killing his grandchild. Can you believe it?”
“Meredith—She thought you were having an affair so she jumped down the stairs and killed their baby.”
“He said I owed them a child—a grandchild.” Linda broke down and started to sob again. “I begged him to stop, but he wouldn’t. He said he was gonna plant his seed and when the time came to give it up, he’d let me know.”
“But why didn’t you go to the police?” Bethany asked. “They would’ve arrested him.”
“He threatened to kill Laura. He said if I breathed a word of it to anybody he’d mail out the pictures to my mother and he’d kill my sister.” Linda’s words broke off into her sobs. “And I believed him.” She looked terrified. “After what he did to me, I knew he’d do it.”
“But the letter in the blank envelope. Why didn’t you take it to the police?”
Linda looked curiously at Bethany as if she was talking a different language. “I did after the accident, but they didn’t believe it?”
“But it was a death threat?”
Linda shrugged and Robert stepped from the shadows. “They thought it was just a prank. They said it had no real identification who the threat was meant for.”
“But?” Bethany turned to see Robert standing on the sidewalk behind.
“The paper and envelope matched the ones in Linda’s apartment. Even the pen was the same.” Robert lowered his voice. “They thought Linda wrote it herself.”
“Why would I?” Linda sobbed. “He must have written that letter on my desk after he…”
“Exactly, but if you’d gone to the police first and told them about your affair and your encounter with Grant, then things would’ve been different.”
“But I couldn’t! How could I?”
Robert walked around in front of Linda and squatted down. He clasped her hands in his and willed her to look into his eyes. “You couldn’t. I understand. But if you had told them, then things might have turned out differently.”
Linda looked up into Robert’s face. Fresh tears were streaming down her cheeks and falling into her lap. “If I had told… then Laura would still be alive today?”
“It’s a good possibility.” Robert heard the sound of the door opening behind and turned his head to see Dan staring perplexed at them. “And you might have kept an innocent man from going to prison.”
“He didn’t do it,” Bethany said, turning and smiling at Dan. “Did he?”
“I never thought he did.” Robert stood and placed a hand on Linda’s shoulder. “But I wouldn’t be surprised if Grant did.”
Bethany stood up straight to challenge Robert. “Well, go get him then. Call the police and have him arrested.”
“Hold on, Bethany.” Robert held up his hands. “I’m not a cop anymore, and you can’t just arrest someone on a fourteen-year-old crime you think they committed.”
“But you heard the evidence,” Bethany said, watching Dan cautiously approaching the discussion. “How could Grant not have done it?”
Dan stepped up to Bethany. “Did I hear you correctly? Are you saying that my father tried to kill…” His eyes fell on Linda’s sobbing form.
Robert spoke in a hush. “If you didn’t, then I’d put my money on Grant.”
“But I didn’t.” Dan’s face brightened with the recognition of Robert. “You were there during my trial, weren’t you?”
Robert nodded.
“You saw that video, right? There’s no way I could’ve done it.” Dan paced up and down the sidewalk. “No way!”
“I know,” Robert said. “That’s why I had to leave the police force.”
“Why didn’t you defend me, then?” Dan stepped up to Robert and looked up into his face.
“I tried, but they made me resign.”
“Made you?” Bethany said before Dan could.
“It’s a long story. Let’s just say there were some personal issues involved and we came to an agreement.”
Dan poked a finger in Robert’s chest. “And you let me rot in that prison because of it!”
Robert looked down into Dan’s eyes and Bethany could swear Dan actually shook with fear as he pulled his finger away.
“It was personal!” Robert growled. “I wasn’t the one who raped and tried to kill Linda.”
“Raped?” Dan turned to Linda. “Is this true? My father raped you?”
Linda stopped sobbing long enough to meet his eyes then nodded.
“I’ll kill him.” Dan turned and raced for the doors. “I’ll kill him!”
Chapter 81

Robert gave chase as Dan headed for the doors of the funeral home. He was almost there when Robert reached out his long arms and jerked him to a stop, then twisted his arm behind his back and forced him face first into the brick wall. Dan struggled to get free, but Robert used his weight to drive him against the wall, then with his arm twisted up almost to his shoulder, Dan settled down and began to see the situation through Robert’s eyes.
Bethany raced to the confrontation and stood next to the doors, looking into Dan’s face. “Do you really wanna go rushing in there and beat up Grant in front of Grandma’s friends? What do you think she would say?”
Dan tried to shake his head but it wouldn’t budge, so Bethany gave Robert a pleading look to loosen his hold a little.
“Rushing in there and confronting him won’t do any good,” Bethany said. “He hasn’t admitted it for all these years, so why do you think he would now?”
“Because I’ll make him!”
“Do you think your mother would want that?”
Dan looked away. “No.”
“You’re on probation, remember?” Robert whispered into Dan’s ear. “So, if you go in there and so much as raise your voice, you’ll be showering with the boys again—Get my point?” He released Dan and spun him around. “Now, Bethany still thinks of you as her father, so I expect you to live up to your fatherly duties and take care of her. And you can’t do that if you go back in jail.”
Dan turned his attention to Bethany. “You do?”
“Well you were my father, even though you weren’t there much. But what else do I have? A demented old rapist for a father.” Bethany forced a smile. “I’ll take you over him any day.”
Dan grabbed Bethany and pulled her tight. “I’ll always think of you as my daughter. It doesn’t matter what that stupid test says.”
“That’s good, because I could really use someone right now.”
“What about Linda?” Dan said, hitching his thumb over his shoulder.
“Are you kidding? We could only take so much of each other before I’d kill her. She’s self-centred, childish—”
“But she’s your mother. She must love you?”
Bethany shrugged her shoulders and turned to see Linda staring at her with red, swollen eyes. “I suppose she does—A little?”
Dan reached down and grabbed Bethany’s hand then started walking her toward the bench. “I have an idea. The judge promised me a dinner with my daughter and I’m gonna collect on that promise.”
When they reached the bench, Dan straightened his suit jacket and took a seat beside Linda. Bethany remained standing before him, still holding his one hand, while watching Robert take a protective position behind Linda.
“Linda?” Dan said softly. “I know you’ve been through a lot lately and I don’t know what I can do to make things better between us, but I think we could start by putting the past behind.”
Linda’s gaze fell on Bethany and Dan’s interlocked hands, then she looked up to see the smile on their faces. She took a deep breath and exhaled it fully, her facial features giving way the torrent of thoughts in her mind.
“What do you have in mind?” Linda croaked as Robert’s strong hands settle on her shoulders, seeming to give her some strength.
“Well, for starters, we could try to get to know each other again.” Dan looked up at Robert standing behind. “Not like we were before, but as friends.” He turned his gaze to Bethany. “We seem to have a common interest at heart.”
“I… I don’t know?” Linda craned her neck up at Robert. “I guess we could.” 
“Good,” Bethany said. “Because Dan has an apartment now, and I thought that maybe…”
Linda looked heartbroken.
“Maybe I could spend some time with both of you?”
Bethany saw the look of disappointment on Linda’s face. “I wouldn’t do anything to jeopardize your inheritance. It’d be like a sleep-over on the weekends.”
“Do you think that would work, Robert? They’d still let me have the house and the money?”
Robert patted her shoulder. “I’m sure we can make it work out some way. And if not, you could always come live with me.”
Bethany jumped up and down and pointed her finger at Robert. “I knew it! I knew it! You do love her. I had you pinned from the start. You love Linda.”
Robert’s face turned red, whether from embarrassment or anger, it didn’t matter because the notion was now set loose in Linda’s mind.
“You do?” Linda asked, looking over her shoulder at the giant of a man behind.
His silence was enough of an answer as his face brightened even more.
“I took a liking to you in the hospital,” Robert admitted. “I was the one who brought you the bouquet of flowers.”
“The jasmine?”
“Let’s just say someone let it slip during the investigation.”
“That was you? You were there? Why?” Linda’s mood changed dramatically. “I don’t remember much from that time in my life, but… I do recall a male nurse who sat with me whenever my mother wasn’t there.”
Robert bent down, coming face to face with Linda. “Your mother didn’t like me very much, and she had a knack of twisting the truth to get her way.” He suddenly stood, sucking in his stomach and forcing out his chest. “What do you mean, a male nurse? Do I look like a nurse to you?”
Linda smiled and found herself at a lack of words, but Bethany found a few. “I’d say an orderly, or maybe even a janitor.”
Robert took a step closer to her and plucked her from Dan’s hand.
“Maybe even a sexually frustrated security guard,” Bethany laughed, fighting to get away from his grip. “But never a cop—Especially a cop in love.”
Chapter 82

Bethany sat at the large table, wedged between Dan and Ryan. The restaurant was crowded so they had a table in the far back corner, but nobody seemed to mind one bit. Dan had promised her a dinner with her family, but the family he had in mind had changed quite a bit over the last few days. With Helen put to rest, and his father being questioned for a fourteen-year-old murder, Dan felt it was better for Bethany to invite whoever she wanted to.
“So, Ryan, you’ve met my father Dan. My mother, Linda, over there, and beside her is Robert. You remember him, right?”
“How could I forget the person who installed fear into my life?” Ryan said, holding her hand beneath the table.
Bethany let go of his hand and stood, watching as someone enter the restaurant. Her smile widened as she hoped that there wouldn’t be any commotion today.
“Linda,” Bethany said, “remember I warned you.”
Linda’s head turned and caught sight of the only person left from her younger years. “Maria?” she said, standing. Bethany wondered if she was gonna fly down the steps and rip her eyes out.
“Linda,” Maria said, wrapping her arms around Linda’s small body and hoisting her into the air. “I’ve missed you, so.” Her eyes were watering and her mascara was threatening to run down her face, so she quickly dropped Linda to the ground and dabbed a tissue to her eyes.
“You still look the same, Maria?” Linda gushed as she took a step back toward the table and placed a loose hand on Robert’s broad shoulder.
“And you look happy.” Maria spotted Robert and gave him a wink. “He must be a very special man to bring such a smile to your face?”
She quickly pulled her hand from Robert. “Oh, we’re not like that. He’s just a friend.” Linda turned and looked at Robert then gave him an evil grin. “More like an employee, than anything.”
He stood, bumping Linda down into her seat and pulling the empty chair out for Maria.
“Well, thank you.” She gave him another wink and watched his face redden. “Maybe if he’s only an employee, then you won’t mind if I ask him out sometime?”
“Actually,” Linda waited for Robert to sit, then leaned against him, “we have been toying with the idea of getting to know each other better.”
“Robert! Linda!” Bethany chastised. “We have to eat soon so cut it out.” She looked around the table and laughed. “You’re gonna make everyone sick.”
“You’re the one who encouraged us.”
“But don’t do it around me, okay. I can handle you guys arguing, but not this.”
“Robert,” Dan said, leaning across the table. “I want to thank you for getting Meredith the help she needs.”
“How is she?” Robert leaned closer, but everybody at the table hushed to listen.
“She seems to be doing better. They have her on some new medication and they think she might be able to function normally with the right dosage and some treatment.”
Robert smiled. “I’m glad I could help get the ball rolling. Actually, Judge Peabody had more pull than me. I just had to point him in the right direction and set him loose.”
“Well, that’s more than most would do.” Dan turned to Bethany and pinched her cheeks in his one hand, causing her lips to pucker like a fish then turned her to face him. “I was gonna visit Meredith tomorrow and I was wondering…”
Bethany smacked his hand from her face. “If I’d go with you.” She took a deep breath and looked at the concerned look on Linda’s face.
“She’s been asking about you. And the doctors think a visit would help her a lot,” Dan begged.
Bethany picked at the place setting. “She does care about me, doesn’t she?”
“I think she loves you,” Linda said from across the table. “Like her own child.”
She thought over these words for a long minute. “Yes, I’ll come with you, but you have to agree to give me your spare bedroom.” Bethany duplicated Dan’s cheek pinching and shook his head back and forth. “Cause you love your little sister, right?”
Dan returned the favour and smacked her hand away. “Don’t say that. It sounds so weird. I’ve grown up my whole life with only a brother. I can’t possibly think of you as my sister.”
“Half-sister, actually.” Bethany slugged Dan in the arm, bringing laughter from everyone at the table. She looked around the table and when her eyes fell on Ryan, she felt his warm hand close on hers and a rush of excitement coursed through her body.
Maria laughed at her behaviour and clasped Linda’s hand in hers. “She actually thought that you were Laura. Isn’t that silly?”
Linda turned her attention to Bethany and smiled, but it was a forced smile. One that caused her left eye to twitch.
Chapter 83

Bethany followed Dan though the main doors of the University Hospital. She nervously picked at the frayed edge on her pocket as they made their way through the hospital, toward the mental health department. The small red bag swung back and forth from her hand, reflecting the fluorescent light off the shiny paper.
“So did the police arrest Grant yet?” Bethany asked, stepping into the elevator and watching the doors close.
“Robert didn’t tell you, did he?” Dan spoke softly even though they were alone. “The police tried to get him to come out, but you know how stubborn that man is.”
Bethany thought about all the nasty things Grant had done in his life and nodded.
“They knew he had guns in the house, so they didn’t take any chances.” Dan shook his head and stifled a nervous laugh. “That stubborn old coot started shooting from the window. I think he’d rather die than admit to them that he’d done anything wrong.”
Bethany watched the numbers flicker past on the control panel. “I think he’d rather go down with a fight then go to jail.”
“You’re probably right.” The doors opened and they stepped out into the corridor. The brightly lit hall was deserted except for the odd security guard standing, watch here and there. They turned right and walked slowly, side by side down the hall.
“So is he…” Bethany began.
“He didn’t come close to hitting any officers, but they returned fire. They hit him twice… He died right there in the front room of the farmhouse. They also found pictures. Pictures of women he had relations with.”
“Linda said he took pictures of her.”
“Her, Sally…” Dan swallowed the lump in his throat. “And Meredith.”
“Meredith, but how? Why?”
“Nearest I can figure, she enlisted his help to break up me and Linda, but I wonder if she knew how much it would cost her.”
“Are you gonna ask her about it?”
“There’s no sense. It’s all in the past.”
Bethany stopped and looked at the pain on Dan’s face. “He was a bad person and deserved to die, but I know how you feel. He brought us into this world and for that I’m grateful.”
Nodding, Dan blinked away tears. “He left a confession note on the counter. He wanted to clear my name before he died.” Dan smiled down at Bethany. “Now everyone will know that I had nothing to do with trying to kill your mother.”
“And Laura.” Bethany patted his cheek and smiled warmly. “I already knew. I never doubted you.”
They entered through the glass doors and signed in at the security desk, then waited for authorization to pass into the visitation centre. While they waited for clearance, Dan said, “I spoke to my lawyer and he thinks I can get enough compensation from the wrongful conviction to buy a nice little house.”
The security guard motioned for Bethany to open her bag and she quickly obliged. After a thorough check, he placed the item back inside and handed it to her, then motioned for them to find a free table.
“Anything would be better than that apartment of yours,” Bethany joked and pulled Dan across the room toward an empty table. “Have you told Meredith about us?”
“What, that we’re actually brother and sister?” Dan plopped down in a seat.
Bethany paced nervously behind the chair. “Half brother and sister.”
“No, I thought I’d let you tell her.” Dan wrung his hands together. “She doesn’t believe anything I say. She still thinks I lied to her all the time, but she thinks you’re perfect.”
“Well, I am.” Bethany smiled and watched as they escorted Meredith into the room. She had a slightly dazed look in her eyes, and Bethany attributed it to some kind of medication cocktail they administered to keep her quiet. Her hair hung down past her shoulders and seemed to be turning gray at an alarming rate, but Bethany thought this new relaxed look was just what she needed.
Meredith’s eyes brightened when they fell upon Dan. But it wasn’t until her eyes looked beyond Dan that she broke away from her escorts into a full-out run.
The orderlies chased her across the room, with the nurses screaming out orders, but they never caught Meredith until she clamped her arms tightly around Bethany’s body, knocking the bag from her hand, sending it down to the cold white tile at her feet.
Meredith squeezed so tightly that Bethany thought she was gonna pass out from a lack of oxygen. It wasn’t until the orderlies pried her grip loose that Bethany realized Meredith was happy to see her.
“Bethany, you came!” Meredith screamed with excitement as she fought to get free from the restraining hands. Her eyes were clear and focussed and searching every inch of Bethany.
After a brief hesitation, Bethany took a step closer and hugged her around the waist. She seemed to stop fighting and the orderlies slowly released their hands from her arms.
“Mother, how are you?” Bethany asked, releasing her embrace and bending to gather the parcel from the floor.
“Mother? Did you hear that?” Meredith said to the orderlies. “She’s still my daughter. I told you she was. You never believed me, but now you will. She came to see me. She still loves me!”
Bethany saw the glow on Meredith’s face. “Of course I still love you. Why would you think I didn’t?” Bethany straightened and held the red bag out to her.
“They said so!” Meredith pointed around the room at everyone.
The orderlies stepped back a few feet, giving Meredith another chance and Bethany guided her to an empty chair beside Dan, then eased her into it. “Don’t believe anything they say in here, they’re all crazy,” Bethany whispered.
“You… You brought me a gift?” Meredith started to shake. Her eyes brimmed with tears as she looked inside the bag. “But it’s yours.” She pushed the bag across the table toward Bethany, but her eyes never left the item inside.
“Correction, it was mine and now it’s yours. I want you to have it.”
Meredith snatched the bag excitedly, pulling it closer, then extracted the worn teddy bear from the darkness inside. “Mine?”
Bethany felt like she was about to burst. The pleasure in Meredith’s eyes was well worth the sacrifice. “He doesn’t like it where he’s at, so I figure he might be happier with you.”
“Yes, he will.” Meredith held the bear up by the arms for everyone to see. “He’ll stay with me, always!”
Bethany gently took the bear from Meredith and showed her the secret compartment filled with candy. “Don’t ever tell them about this, okay?”
She nodded, clutching the bear, then sat quietly hugging it to her chest.
Dan cleared his throat and elbowed Bethany in the side. “Aren’t you gonna tell her the news?”
Wide-eyed, Bethany shook her head.
“What news?” Meredith said, pulling on her arm.
“I don’t think it’s that important,” Bethany said to Dan.
“What news!” Meredith was getting impatient.
“Father might be getting some money and he was wondering where you’d like to buy another house.” 
“Money… Another house?” Her eyes looked distant, like she’d drifted off into the past. “I liked our first house after we were married, but I didn’t like that cabin…”
Dan pulled Bethany close and whispered, “Tell her about us being brother and sister.”
“Half brother and sister, but that’s not important.” Bethany smiled back at Meredith as she rambled on about her preferences. “This is.”


Please be kind and leave a review.
Author Information
 
Check out my website for the latest releases: www.wadefaubert.com
Like my Facebook Fan Page at: www.facebook.com/pages/Wade-Faubert/295274273890556
Add me as a Friend at: www.facebook.com/wade.faubert
Follow me on Twitter at: twitter.com/WadeFaubert
Check out more pictures from: www.heavenlydayphotos.com
Enjoy a sample of
Taken - Before her very Eyes
by Wade Faubert

Prologue

1“What are we doing out here?” Summer sighed, shifting in the front seat and gazing across at Nate’s hardened face. “I know we need to patrol the entire county, but there’s never anything happening out here. Wouldn’t we be more valuable on the city streets?”
Nate’s blue eyes met her with a knowing look. “We’ll get to those parts of Chatham in due time. But there’s a route that’s been laid out and we’re supposed to follow it.”
“How can I forget?” Summer rolled her eyes. “You’re so anal. Just because the chief laid out a route doesn’t mean you can’t deviate from it once in a while. Wouldn’t it be nice to spice things up sometimes?”
“Spiced up, huh.” Nate sighed, raising his left eyebrow. “Somehow I don’t think an old man in the chief’s position would like spice. He strikes me as a heartburn, acid reflux and irritable bowel syndrome type of guy.”
“I’m just saying,” Summer shook her head, “would it kill you to start somewhere different on the route and go backwards once in a while? I’ll bet Stephens and Malroy don’t follow the same route?”
“I can guarantee they don’t. Hell they spend half their time goofing off behind the old grocery store.”
“How do you know that?” Summer flipped her blond hair back from her face and leaned closer to Nate, hoping he’d spill the beans.
“Those stupid asses brag about it every night in the change room. I keep telling them that if they wanna screw around on the job, that’s fine, but not to go spreading it around the station, cause sooner or later the chief is gonna find out and then there’ll be hell to pay.” Nate tapped his finger on the dash. “But you’ll be able to vouch that we followed protocol the way the chief wanted.”
“And what makes you think he’ll believe a word we say.”
“Not we.” Nate grinned. “You. He’ll believe you because you’re a woman.”
Summer felt her cheeks heating up. Nate seldom got to her, but the thought of getting special treatment because of her gender pissed her off. She’d fought long and hard to be treated like an equal all during her training and would never accept anything different now. As far as she was concerned there was no difference between her, Nate, Stephens or Malroy. “That’s a sexist remark.”
“It sure is, but it’s the truth. He knows those other guys would lie to save their asses, but you’re the only woman on the force. It’s like you’re sacred or something.” Nate gave her a wink and a big grin. “The truth is, when you strut in that briefing room with your hair all done and those brilliant green eyes scouring the room, half the guys can’t stand up for five minutes.”
“You’re such an ass.” Summer turned and stared out the side window at the crumbling silo in the distance. The early morning sunlight was just beginning to brighten the horizon and the shadows of the farmland were coming into view. “I suppose you can’t control your hormones either?”
“Oh, I can control them. But if you weren’t already married to Dean, I’d be right there with Stephens and Malroy looking for some action.”
“I’m sure Dean would be happy to know that all the guys on the force would like to get with me.”
“Not all the guys. I’m not so sure that new recruit, Jones, would be interested. He seems a little on the skittish side when he’s near you. Could be he’s still a virgin—or gay?”
“He is not gay.” Summer blew out a deep breath, hoping it’d relieve some of the tension that was building behind her eyes. “He’s just a little shy around me.”
“So, you wanna bet?”
Summer turned away, refusing to answer. She watched as car lights sparkled to life in the distance to her right and tried to change the subject. “You hear anything new on that drug bust last week?”
“Only what they want us to know. It was headed to Dean’s courier company and was slated to be shipped across the country to fake addresses. I’m just glad we were able to intercept it at the transfer yard before it got to his company.”
Summer arched her left eyebrow. “He had nothing to do with it.”
“Exactly, and confiscating it offsite just makes it all that much easier to prove.”
“They don’t think he’s involved with it, do they?”
“Who the hell knows, but the fact that Gavin Stone is working for your husband doesn’t look good.” Nate followed Summer’s gaze to the speeding car racing down the cross road toward the intersection up ahead.
“Dean only hired Gavin because his parole officer begged Dean to.”
“I know, but I still think it was a mistake. You and Gavin have a rocky past. Besides, I don’t trust that guy.”
“Even though he’s served his debt to society?”
“Don’t give me that shit. You don’t believe it any more than I do.” Nate hesitated for a moment, then made eye contact with Summer. “Keep this to yourself and don’t breathe a word of it to Dean. The less he knows, the better it’ll be.”
“What the hell are you talking about? If something’s going down then I want to be part of it. I don’t care if Dean is my husband. I want in.”
“I heard they’ve got a plain clothed detective. Grimshaw’s his name. He’s tracing the truck and all the merchandise that the meth was crammed inside.”
“And what do they have?”
Nate shrugged his shoulders. “Your guess is as good as mine, but let’s hope for the sake of Sabrina and that baby you’re trying to have, Dean comes out clean.”
Summer remembered how adamant Dean had been about the whole thing. He swore he had nothing to do with the shipment and she had no reason to believe anything to the contrary, but his business has been booming lately and he was finally making a profit. Summer shook her head. It was only a coincidence. Nothing more.
Nate sighed. “You realize that if you get knocked up, we’re not skipping the route just so you can hit every drive-thru in the city.”
Summer scoffed. “Don’t tell me I have to get a doctor’s note so you’ll allow me food whenever the baby gets hungry?”
“That’s not a bad idea,” Nate said, his eyes following the approaching car. “I’m sure the chief will go for it.”
The car was racing to the intersection ahead, looking to beat them, but little did the driver know he was in for a big surprise if he decided to fly through the stop sign. Nate was waiting, his finger hovering above the switch, hoping the guy runs the stop sign.
Nate smiled. “I’m betting he’s gonna run it.”
“I’m betting he doesn’t know we’re cops.”
“You think?”
The second the car bounced through the intersection, Nate switched on the roof lights and the countryside was illuminated in a swirl of red and blue, sweeping over the land in a smooth rhythmic arc.
The blue sedan didn’t slow at all. It continued on, rounding the bend in the road and disappearing from sight behind the cluster of thick trees.
When Nate slid the cruiser around that same corner, they could only watch as the sedan disappeared around another. Nate pushed the cruiser to its limit, barely holding it on the loose gravel road, determined to catch this guy.
The cruiser slid around the corner then straightened, but the sedan wasn’t trying to outrun them anymore. It’d struck a second vehicle at the next intersection, sending them both off the road and into the thick brush beside the woods.
Steam spewed from the front of the sedan’s crumpled hood as the driver opened the door and jumped out, dashing toward the thick woods.
Nate slammed on the brakes and slid to a stop beside the two tangled vehicles, then flung open the door and gave chase into the dark unknown, cursing the fugitive like always.
Summer radioed for an ambulance as she raced to the tangled mess. The driver of the van was lying in the long grass beside the vehicle, motionless. His face covered with blood—a lot of blood!
Summer reached into her pocket and withdrew her gloves. After slipping them on, she knelt down beside and searched for the source of all the blood, but couldn’t find any cuts or gouges. He seemed to be fine. Covered with blood, but fine.
Pressing her fingers to his neck, she counted the rapid beats of his heart and was about to check his pupils when his eyes snapped open and an evil grin spread across his face. Summer pulled back, letting his head drop to the ground, taken by surprise at his strange reaction. She glanced around, searching for Nate, hoping he’d come back to assist her, when the man’s hands shot up, grabbing her arm.
There was a sharp pain in her bicep, followed by a burning sensation that raced up her arm toward her shoulder. Summer glanced down at his blood soaked hands and saw the needle sticking out of her shirt sleeve. She couldn’t believe it. He’d stabbed her—and with a dirty needle. And all she was trying to do was save his life.
Summer’s head was swimming. Her thoughts were melting into each other as her legs began to buckle beneath. Everything was fading away. The flashing red and blue lights were now sickening pulses behind her closed lids. She felt the cold damp ground beneath, and heard the side door of the van slide open. A second later she was flying, soaring through the air until her face came to rest on the hard steel floor of the cargo van.
She tried to call out for Nate, but no sound would exit her mouth. She could picture him chasing the guy for a mile or more, whatever it took to get his man. The van roared to life and a second later she could feel the vibrations from the tires up through the cold steel floor—then darkness.

Chapter 1

Summer Demure sat slouched behind the wheel of the white Volvo, gazing off into the distance down the one-way street. Her unblinking eyes were locked on a single point in the darkness, but her mind was completely blank and she relished the feel of it. The ability to shut down her mind and take a break from the constant barrage of memories was the bliss she’d been searching for.
She couldn’t believe how drastic her life had changed these last months and knew the feeling of dread, which coursed through every fibre of her body, was going to be the hardest thing to overcome. She thought of Dean and how he’d tried to comfort her, but a shiver—that same shiver she felt every time he touched her—raced through her body, racking her petite frame with uncontrollable muscle spasms.
It didn’t seem to matter how many sessions she spent with the department psychiatrist, the outcome was always the same. She couldn’t stand the touch of her own husband.
It devastated Dean when she asked him to move out of the house, and he argued for hours that him leaving wasn’t going to solve her problems. Summer knew this was likely true, but like he’d said, this was her problem and she had to find a way to deal with it.
The night Dean left, he said he understood what she needed right now, but she could tell from the look in his eyes that he didn’t. Maybe the time apart would do them some good? Maybe after being separated for awhile, she’d overcome her fears and they could once more live as a family, but until then she had to live alone, taking care of Sabrina.
Her fingers strummed nervously against the worn leather steering wheel. Worn smooth by Dean’s many miles on the road. He loved this car so much that Summer was floored when he insisted she take it. Sure her old car wasn’t reliable, but Dean simply grabbed the keys and drove off, leaving her little choice in the matter. He said he did it for her, but she knew he’d done it for Sabrina.
“Sabrina,” she muttered, breaking the trance she was in. If it wasn’t for the shared custody, Summer would’ve sold the house and taken off far from here. Far from Chatham. Far from Southern Ontario. Hell, she would’ve trekked halfway across the country just to place some distance between herself and the memories of that brutal night five months ago. But even if she had full custody she couldn’t. At least not for a few more days. Not until that bastard, John Scott—Summer shivered just thinking about what that madman had done—was locked away for a long time. The mere thought of him sent her body into convulsions. Her muscles twitched and trembled as anxiety and fear gripped her heart, squeezing until she surrendered.
She glanced in the lighted vanity mirror and sighed. Her normally glowing skin had turned pale and sickly. Her face nearly disappeared, hiding behind the veil of white-blond hair. Normally she spent an hour styling it, but lately she couldn’t be bothered. Wash and go was all she could muster. Her physical appearance had changed drastically over the last months, that was, except for her bright green eyes. They reminded her that she was still somewhat in control, no matter how lost she felt these days.
She flipped the mirror closed and stared out the window. Summer watched as the painted autumn leaves fluttered along the deserted downtown sidewalk, tumbling and twisting, dancing upon their invisible stage. It was Monday morning and the stores were all in darkness. Not a single sign of life could be seen. The only figures on the sidewalks were the bags of trash set out for the early morning pickup. She glanced at the clock and shook her head at the smothering darkness that not only stole away hours of outdoor activities, but also caused her chest to tighten slightly.
Summer closed her eyes and drew a deep breath.
“Everything’s all right. I’m all right.” She blew out her breath as she repeated the technique. “Relax. Deep breath. I’m free. Nobody’s gonna hurt me.”
Slowly Summer opened her eyes. She did feel better. The restriction in her chest was subsiding. After all, this was her home, where she’d grown up and raised her child. This was a safe city. It wasn’t Toronto with its murderous gangs and random drive-by shootings. This was sleepy old Chatham, Ontario. Nothing bad happened here, except… The image of John Scott flashed in her mind and she quickly blocked it out.
She turned her attention to the large elephant-ear leaf tumbling, end over end down the sidewalk to her left. She watched as the wind quickened its journey toward her. A few drops of rain landed on the window, slowly striving to the bottom. Summer scanned the empty street for a matching tree, but nothing fit. It was all alone. Running—no, escaping the city at night.
“What is this, a sign?” Summer glanced to the heavens. “Run, while I can?”
These last few months had been trying. She felt oversensitive, like everything held a secret meaning, a hidden message for her. Maybe it was just paranoia, but as she watched the leaf make its great run, she could see herself chasing right behind.
The radio powered off, sending the car into deafening silence. Summer quickly jostled the keys, cranking them back and rejoining the song in play. The green glow of the clock illuminated the car once again. 6:05. He was late. 
When she glanced back to the leaf, she gasped as a hand shot from a garbage pile near the corner of the building. It reached out, snatching the large leaf in mid bounce.
Summer wrapped her arms tightly around her body, holding the shutters to a minimum. After settling her nerves, she leaned to the window, watching as the dark hand gripped the leaf by the stem, rotating it slowly between its blackened fingers. Side over side it spun, suspended in midair, prevented from continuing on its journey. She swallowed hard, trying to dislodge the lump which was blocking her throat.
“That’s… my life.” Summer swallowed again. “Caught… spinning… controlled.”
She watched as the black fingers manipulated the leaf and wondered why a vagrant was living on this street. As hard as she tried, she couldn’t recall ever seeing a homeless person living on this side of Chatham. Sure there were a few rundown areas in the city where homeless people migrated, but never downtown. The police made sure of it.
As Summer concentrated on the dirt covered sleeve, she realized that nothing stays the same. Everything changes, and if you refuse to change with it, it’ll destroy you. She only had to look at her trembling hands to know this was true.
His blackened fingers slowly worked their way up the stem, delicately sliding onto the crisp dry membrane of the leaf, carefully feeling each vein as they thinned toward the tips.
Maybe he needed help, Summer thought, realizing she needed to change her direction in life. She reached for her purse. Maybe a few dollars for a hot meal?
After removing a twenty from her wallet, she reached for the door handle, but froze when his dark hand clamped down, crushing the brittle leaf within. Quickly she checked the door lock then returned her attention to the hand. It was kneading, crushing, disintegrating the leaf within. The hand shook. The arm shook. It was as if he was laughing, uncontrollably, as he crumbled the beautiful form.
The dirty fingernails rolled beneath his thumb as he continued to grind the leaf into obliteration. It wasn’t until the next gust of wind came erupting down the empty sidewalk that his fingers slowly opened, releasing the fine powder upon the breeze, sending it sailing into the darkness.
Summer felt a chill move through her body. She reached out, twisted the keys and the engine roared to life. The urge to escape flooded her body. Suddenly she didn’t know why she was sitting there on this street, what she was waiting for, only that she needed to get away—and fast.
As she stepped on the brake and placed the car in gear, a red Mercedes came screeching to a halt in front, nearly clipping the front corner of her slowly moving car.
“Shit!” Summer slammed the wheel. She didn’t know if she was angrier at the driver’s reckless behaviour, or at her own irrational thinking.
The man threw open the door and leapt quickly to his feet. Summer’s heart caught for a moment. Her mind flashed back to that night five months ago. She knew she was overreacting. After all, John Scott was sitting behind bars under heavy guard waiting for her to ID him.
“Summer,” Dean yelled, racing up the sidewalk. His dark curly hair, which was always a little too long, caught in the wind and obscured his chocolate brown eyes. Hastily he brushed it back, holding it against the wind with one hand. He smiled as he reached the window, his perfect white teeth gleaming against the dark growth of stubble on his face. “I know I’m late, but it wasn’t my fault.”
“Don’t give me that look!”
His smile faded.
“It’s never your fault, now is it?” Summer listened to him jingle his car keys, an old habit that drove her nuts on a good day. But today wasn’t even close.
“Dean, if you don’t stop shaking those damn keys, I’ll—”
“Sorry.” He clamped his other hand over top. “Hard habit to break.” He pointed to the red Mercedes where Sabrina had propped herself in the back window. Although she had Summer’s petite build, she would never be her spitting image. Dean’s chromosomes had fought the battle and won. Sabrina had emerged into this world with dirty blond hair and eyes the colour of weak tea. The only evidence that Sabrina was her daughter, were those commanding eyes, which had absorbed enough green to almost glow. They were the first thing people noticed and the last thing they remembered.
“Do you like it? Sabrina helped me pick it out.”
She smiled at Sabrina and felt the tension begin to fade. She noticed the trembling in her limbs had subsided.  “It’s nice. Expensive, but nice.”
“Since I gave up the house and my Volvo,” Dean stepped closer to the window, “I needed something to drive.”
“What about my old car? What’s wrong with it?”
“No offence, but it was a piece of shit. They actually wanted me to pay them to take it in for a trade.”
“You traded my car for that?”
“Your old car wouldn’t even pay for the licence plates, let alone a fraction of the cost.”
“But it was my car. You had no right selling it.”
“I gave you this car. You should be happy.” Dean’s mouth tightened into a fine line as he started jingling the keys again. “It’s a hundred times better than that piece of shit you’ve been driving around in.”
“This,” Summer pointed her twitching finger at the jingling keys, “is exactly why we’re separated.”
The rain began falling harder, driven by a gusting north wind. Dean abandoned his hair and flipped up his coat collar. “We’re not separated. We’re just taking a break,” he turned to check on Sabrina and muttered, “because of you.”
Summer glanced in the rearview mirror and saw her face growing red with anger. Her crimson cheeks stood out like stop lights against her shoulder length blond hair. She took a deep breath and decided to change the subject.
“Why do you do this?” Summer forced a smile for her daughter then turned to Dean. “I was perfectly clear. You could have Sabrina for forty-eight hours, then bring her back.”
Dean scuffed his white running shoe along the sidewalk. She knew he was taking a minute to calm himself down and when he looked up again, he ran his hand up his forehead, slicking his hair back, then motioned to Sabrina. “I know you’re gonna say no,” he tipped his head slightly, “but Sabrina really wants to stay for another night. I can drop her off tomorrow morning instead.”
Summer caught the little signal. She turned and Sabrina popped up higher in the back window, clasping her hands together in a mock plea. Although it was a staged act, she felt her heart ache over her daughter being torn between them. She wanted what was best for her, but if she gave in today, he’d ask every time he had custody.
“No, and how dare you put her up to this!” she said through a gritted smile. “You’re lower than low using Sabrina against me.”
“I’m not using her. She really wants to stay.” Dean reached through the window and touched her arm.
Summer jerked away and sat staring at her arm as if Dean had somehow harmed her. As hard as she tried, she just couldn’t stop her body from reacting like that. It was an involuntary reaction and one that had fuelled many fights. John Scott was the real reason they were here squabbling over custody times. He was the reason they were separated. He was the reason she couldn’t tolerate her husband’s touch anymore. Sure they promised to stay together until death, but after what John Scott had done, she felt like part of her had truly died.
“Sabrina’s devastated that we’re not a family anymore.” Dean scrubbed the stubble on his face. “She doesn’t understand why we can’t live together at home. I tried to explain it, but—”
“What, that her mother doesn’t want her father around anymore?” Tears filled her eyes. “That I don’t want you around!”
“No.” Dean shook his head. He reached toward her arm again, but left his hand hovering inches above, unwilling to chance rejection once again. “I’d never poison her mind. That’s not fair—”
Summer’s cell phone rang. Glad for a distraction, she rummaged through the centre console until she found it. She quickly flipped it open and glanced at the display. “You’re a piece of shit! This,” she shoved the phone before his eyes, “isn’t playing fair.”
Dean glanced from the caller ID on the cell phone, to the back window of his car. “I swear I never told her to call you. She’s been playing with that thing all day. She actually called my contact in Detroit. Luckily he wasn’t there—”
“Hi Sweetie.” Summer waved. “Yes, I can see you, too. Why don’t you climb out and see how fast you can get inside this car?”
The image of the vagrant destroying the leaf flashed like a warning shot. Maybe she was overreacting? Maybe she needed to up her dosage of medication? Hell, maybe she didn’t really know what the hell she needed.
“Actually, maybe you should wait…” She leaned forward, looking past Dean, eyes darting to the pile of trash where she’d last seen him, but his hand wasn’t protruding anymore. He probably covered up because of the rain.
“Daddy took me to try on cars yesterday.” Summer turned to see Sabrina bouncing on the seat. She had the biggest smile on her face and Summer couldn’t remember the last time she’d seen her daughter so exited. “Do you like the one I picked out?”
“Did you pick the colour, or did Daddy?”
“It’s red,” she waved the back of her hand across the window, “like my nails. You done a good job, Mommy. The man at the car store, he liked them. He said they were pretty like me.”
“Well, he was wrong.” Summer felt the warmth of tears building in her eyes. She relished the feeling Sabrina brought to her world. The feeling that only her own flesh and blood could bring. Summer dropped a hand to her stomach, feeling the slight bulge below her jacket and sighed.  “They’re not pretty. They’re beautiful.”
She giggled and flopped out of sight. “Daddy told the man that, too.”
Summer glanced at her husband, realizing how much he truly loved Sabrina. He’d always been able to make her laugh and smile. He always knew exactly how to brighten her saddest days. Even after the incident with John Scott, when Summer had confined herself to the bedroom, unwilling to face Dean and the entire world, he’d brought happiness to Sabrina. Maybe she’d been too hasty with the separation? Maybe she needed to face her demons head on? She thought of the small fetus growing in her belly and realized that in four months she’d have to do exactly that.
“Yes, I know you had a lot of fun with Daddy this weekend, but you have school today.” Summer glanced back to the trash pile. A white sneaker protruded from the rubbish. The movement brought relief. At least she knew exactly where the vagrant was.
“I can be sick of school.” She peeked over the back seat. “Daddy said he’d take me to the zoo instead.”
“The zoo?” Summer caught the brief sight of Sabrina before she disappeared again, then turned her attention back to the trash pile. “I think school is more important than looking at animals.”
Dean turned his head, following Summer’s gaze. He took five steps onto the sidewalk and stooped over, gazing at the white sneaker sticking out of the trash.
“Please, Mommy.” 
“Um, no. You have school. Besides, it’s too cold. The animals will all be hibernating.”
Dean took two more steps, blocking Summer’s line of vision. What was he doing? Why is he even getting near that man? Sure he always gave to charity and would never refuse a request for loose change, but this vagrant was dangerous, she could feel it in her bones.
Summer leaned out the window, narrowing her eyes at Dean’s back. A low hushed voice caught on the wind, drifting to her ears. The vagrant was talking to Dean. Probably asking for a handout.
“Dean… Dean! What are you doing?” The fear that the vagrant had instilled moments ago was replaced with a fear for Dean’s safety. Why was he ignoring her call? Was he doing this just to punish her for refusing to let Sabrina stay for another night?
“What? Yes Sabrina, Mommy’s still here.” The phone beeped, sounding the low battery warning. “Darling, Mommy has to go now. Hang up and wait in the car for Daddy to get you.” The phone beeped again and Summer flipped the cover closed, disconnecting her tie to Sabrina, then dropped it into the console.
“Dean! Get back here right—” She paused, seeing the streetlight reflect off the gold chain around the vagrant’s neck. It was the only thing visible as his face remained hidden in the shadows. The image was wrong. A bum would’ve hawked the chain for a bottle of booze. So why did this bum still have it?
The vagrant shifted and disappeared back into the dark shadows. Dean leaned closer, bending over the vagrant, listening to his conversation. He listened for a few seconds before turning his head in Summer’s direction. His face looked different. Pale, shiny, scared. She’d never seen him afraid before.
It happened so fast, but at the same time like in slow motion. The shiny blade slid from the dirty shirt sleeve. Streetlight reflected off as it arched up, straight toward Dean’s mid section. Summer watched the polished blade and swore she could see her frightened reflection screaming out a warning to Dean, but in reality she sat, dumbstruck, unable to voice a single word, let alone one syllable.
The blade plunged through the fabric of Dean’s light jacket, vanishing within his abdomen. The muscles on the vagrant’s forearm bulged as he maintained the death grip on the handle.
Summer’s eyes darted from the knife handle to Dean’s face. The vagrant seemed to be holding the knife deep inside, adding insult to the attack. Dean’s eyes bulged wide as a look of pure terror swept over his face, realizing the blade was still inside—still capable of doing more damage.
Summer winced, sympathy pain shooting through her body. She knew exactly what he was going through, knew the pain of a blade slicing through her skin, flesh and even coming to a jarring halt as it slammed into bone. In a flash, her mind retreated to that bright summer day when she looked from the frightened face of a teenager, to the handle protruding from her body. It didn’t matter if it was close to a vital organ or not, because when the blade disappeared inside your body, you thought about death—your own death.
Dean’s wide eyes locked onto Summer as the vagrant ripped the blade from his stomach with the speed of a professional hit man. Dean took an awkward step backwards, instinctively pulling his hands to his stomach as the car keys fell from his outstretched fingers, tumbling in the streetlight to the wet sidewalk.
As the vagrant sat fully upright, he held the knife before his face, twisting it—almost admiring the way the blood trickled down the razor sharp edge.
Summer heard muffled screams fill the night. They were unmistakably those of her child. She broke the trance with Dean, and fighting a new level of nervous spasms, she dared to glance to the car ahead where Sabrina had been watching the whole time. Summer’s stomach fell. She wished for Sabrina’s sake that she wouldn’t have seen this act of violence. God knows she’s been through a lifetime’s worth in the last five months.
Sabrina’s face was red, her mouth wide open airing a high-pitched scream into the night. Tears were streaming down her cheeks as she bounced wildly in the back seat. Even at six years old she seemed to know exactly what had happened to her father.
“Sabrina needs me. She needs her mother,” Summer muttered, shaking helplessly behind the steering wheel, unable to gather her usual strength and deal with the situation. Normally she would’ve jumped out and subdued the perpetrator. After all, she is a cop—a cop who’s on stress leave for the last five months because she can’t control her stupid emotions in situations… situations like this.
In slow motion, with every muscle jerking uncontrollably, Summer turned back to watch Dean. Her body was rebelling. It seemed to be fighting her every move. Frustration was building as she had to battle her own mind for control of her muscles. Dean had fallen to his knees, one hand clamped to the hole in his flesh, squeezing with everything he had, trying to keep his soul from escaping. His other hand was inches from his face, fingers rubbing the thick blood as he no doubt tried to comprehend what had just happened.
The vagrant drew the blade across his shirt sleeve, wiping the blood off before sliding it back into his pocket. He dug in the bag beside, pulled out a black object and slipped it on his head.
A ski mask.
He yanked it down, adjusted the holes, then slowly climbed to his feet as if nothing had happened. Summer watched as he stood, realizing that he wasn’t actually a homeless person, but a killer waiting to strike.
He glanced over. Holding Summer’s gaze, he bent to the ground before Dean and carefully plucked the keys from a shallow puddle. Straightening, he flipped the keys up, catching them in midair and gave her a wide smile. A grin of arrogance. A grin of superiority.
Her head flipped from the keys, to the red Mercedes. The red Mercedes, which held her only daughter.
“No,” Summer gasped as the attacker walked slowly toward the Mercedes. He acted as if nothing had happened. Nobody was bleeding to death behind. Nobody was watching as he prepared to steal the car. He even seemed to have a slight bounce in his step as he headed straight for the door of the Mercedes.
Hands shaking uncontrollably, Summer cursed while stabbing for the door handle. How she wished she had her control back. After a few tries, she finally managed to grasp it and pull the handle. She pushed against the door with all her might and it swung wide open, causing the attacker to stop with his fingers on the door handle of the Mercedes. He glanced back and Summer saw the smirk through the mouth hole in the mask.
“No!” she screamed, convulsions taking over. “Leave… her… alone!” Reaching out a shaking hand, she gripped the window sash then pulled her trembling body from the car. She watched helplessly as he jumped behind the wheel and started the Mercedes.
Sabrina screamed so loud that nothing came out as she cowered into the farthest corner of the back seat, clutching her hands protectively before her. Summer lurched toward the car, fighting her nerves every inch. She could see the terror in Sabrina’s face.
He was waiting. Daring Summer to come closer.
She lunged forward, reaching out to the car.
Sabrina found her voice and started screaming hysterically.
Something snagged Summer’s pant leg.
She jerked her leg free.
The engine revved.
Another high-pitched scream erupted.
It was back, gripping her leg, preventing her from getting closer.
She lunged as the tires spun on the wet pavement. Her outstretched fingers brushed the wet cold metal as the Mercedes tore out of the parking spot and down the road.
Summer glanced down, spotted the bloody hand clenched to her leg and realized that Dean was dying.
“He…” Summer croaked, pointing a trembling finger in the direction of the Mercedes, “took Sabrina.”
Tears cascaded down Summer’s pale cheeks, falling to the damp concrete below.
“Go!” Dean released her leg. He stared down at the bloodstain spreading from under his hand. “Go, after her.”
“I… can’t?” She glanced at her shaking hands. “I just… can’t!”
“Summer, you have to.” Dean’s voice was strained. He was going into shock. She’d seen this many times before. She knew how to deal with victims, but she couldn’t figure out how to deal with her own fears.
“We’ll call the police.” Summer glanced up and down the street, searching for anybody to help. “They can stop him. They’re good at that.”
“I’ll call.” He snagged her trembling hand and pulled, managing to get to his knees. “But you have to go after him!”
Summer clenched her eyes closed, hoping to make everything disappear. She couldn’t imagine giving pursuit in her condition. She could barely manage to fight rush hour traffic. Her head was spinning. She knew Dean was right. Someone had to go after them. But not her. She couldn’t do it.
“You’re bleeding.” She touched a finger to the dark patch on Dean’s jacket. “You… need help.”
“Sabrina needs your help. Go! I’ll be fine.”
“But—”
“Go!” Dean’s voice broke. His chocolate-brown eyes were pleading. “He’s getting away.”
“But, I can’t. Not after what happened. I just can’t!” Her stomach twisted into knots just thinking about the time with John Scott. How she’d emerged from his care with fears she never imagined possible before. Her chest heaved and a shuttered cry escaped her trembling lips.
Pulling himself to his feet, Dean placed his weight on Summer and, stumbling like a drunk, forced her back to the car door. “Don’t tell me you can’t. You have to. If you don’t, then nobody will save our little girl.”
Summer staggered at the door, fighting against Dean’s weight until he shoved her roughly inside.
“The police—”
“Please, Summer, let the past go. You can’t change what happened, but you can change what will happen.” Dean reached through the window and touched her shoulder. She realized this was the first time in a long time that his touch hadn’t caused her to jerk away. Summer chalked it up to shock and drew a deep breath. The smell of blood filled her nostrils. His blood. The same blood that coursed through Sabrina’s body.
Down at the far end of the street, the tail lights of the Mercedes were fading. Either her sense of time was failing her or the attacker was waiting for her to follow.
“Summer… please…” She glanced at Dean and saw tears in his eyes—real tears. He’d never shed a tear as long as she’d know him. “Go… save our baby.”

Get your full copy of Taken – Before her very Eyes at http://www.wadefaubert.com

Enjoy a sample of
Wampus Springs - Mark of the Wolf
Prologue
— Four Years Earlier —

Lori Foster sat slouched in her chair, mesmerized by the leaves dancing on the playground. At 12 years-old, she wasn’t the only student in Miss Hopkin’s class who found the world outside much more interesting than math lessons. Her eyes darted quickly to the wall clock then back to the leaves, waiting for the wind to whisk them high into a funnel, only to return them to their partners a moment later.
As the sunlight retreated from the angry clouds, an eerie darkness descended upon the schoolyard. It was the darkness of dusk, thick and heavy, covering every crevasse under a blanket of grey. Even though the classroom lights reflected off the dark windows, Lori noticed movement in the distance, near the edge of the woods. She squint her eyes as a fluffy white and brown bunny hopped from the woods and nibbled on a patch of tall grass.
A flash of lightning sliced through the dark sky, forking off into the distance. The overhead lights flickered, sending the classroom into temporary darkness. It was at that moment Lori saw them—two faint red dots staring out from the blackness of the woods. She blinked fast, trying to adjust her eyes, but as the classroom lights came back to full brilliance, the red dots disappeared, leaving Lori to wonder if she’d actually seen them or if it’d only been the lightning playing a trick on her eyes.
 “So class, it looks like we’re in for a good storm,” Miss Hopkin said, turning from the chalkboard with a nervous look on her face. “I hope that’s the last of the lightning. I’d hate for everyone to miss their lunch recess.”
Lori glanced from her teacher, back out into the darkness of the playground. She couldn’t spot the bunny anywhere.
“Lori… Lori!” She turned back to face the front of the class. “I know you’d rather be out playing, but please, let’s just finish up.” As if on cue, the lunch bell rang and immediately the students began to fidget.
“All right, fine. Eat your lunches then go outside.” Miss Hopkin plopped into her chair and opened her desk drawer. “But if you get your shoes wet and muddy, don’t even think about wearing them back in my classroom.”
After retrieving her lunch sack and dumping it onto her desk, Lori dangled the plastic bag before Cindy. “Tuna. Wanna trade?”
“Tuna again.” Cindy tossed her peanut butter and jam sandwich onto Lori’s desk then snatched the offering. “How many cans does she have?”
“Too many.” Lori ripped open the bag and took a bite. “Eat fast, cause I saw a cute bunny out by the woods. Maybe if we’re fast, we can catch it. If my mom won’t let me keep it, maybe yours will.”
“My mom won’t even let me have goldfish, let alone a rabbit.” Cindy took a bite of the tuna sandwich then lifted the top piece of bread and gazed inside. “But yeah, we can see if it’s still out there.”
Lori pulled on the gold chain, fishing the half pendant from beneath her shirt. It had been a birthday gift from Cindy and one she absolutely cherished. Lori held her half of the pendant out, dangling it before Cindy, waiting for it to be completed.
Without hesitating, Cindy fished her pendant out and like two superheroes activating their magic power, they whispered the phrase in unison as they connected the two halves. “Best friends forever.”
When the second bell rang, Lori and Cindy quickly cleared off their desks, dashed from the classroom, down the hall to the glass door. The door had barely started to close when Max and Randy stepped into their path.
“Hey, where’s the fire?” Max asked, trying hard to even out his lopsided grin. “You two almost knocked us down.”
“Yeah,” Randy made kissing noises and shoved Max into Lori, “like you wouldn’t want your girlfriend to fall on top of you, so you can suck her face off.” 
“Shut up!” Max grunted, returning the shove. “She’s not my girlfriend. We’re just friends.”
 “Sure, lover boy.” Randy rolled his eyes then smiled at Cindy. “Where you guys going in such a hurry, anyways?”
“To the woods, to look for a bunny,” Cindy said shyly. “Why, do you guys wanna come?”
“Sure, you girls might need our help catching it.”
“But, if we get caught?” Max looked around nervously. “We’ll be in detention all week.”
“Someday, Max, you’ll have to take your mother’s tit out of your mouth and stop being such a baby. I’m going!” Randy started toward the back of the schoolyard. “You coming?”
“Um…” Max waited until they were a few feet away then made up his mind. “Okay, but if anything happens—”
“Don’t say I didn’t warn you,” all three mocked in chorus. 
Max shook his head, running to keep up. “You guys are the babies.”
As they reached the tree line, Lori headed straight to the patch of tall grass where she’d last spotted the bunny, but it was nowhere in sight. After stepping around the bushes she spotted faint bunny tracks in the soft earth and followed the trail behind the first row of Maples. Randy and Cindy were right behind, but Max paused, peering nervously around for any sign of Miss Hopkin.
“Hey, guys. I think the old bag went inside to find the Janitor.” Max snickered. “She’s probably helping him mop the floor with her dress.”
“You’re just disgusting!” Lori said, rolling her eyes, unsure at that moment why she was actually friends with Max, but when a rustling sound captured her attention, she forgot all about him. Slowly she turned, listening and judging where the sound had come from.
“Over this way! Walk really careful so you don’t scare her.” Lori led the way, followed by Cindy then the two boys. They made their way down the small path, through the brush, and around more Maple trees. The woods thickened and darkened with each step they took. It was as if the trees were crowding closer, huddling against the frightening darkness. They were twenty feet from the forest edge when Max came rushing past, almost knocking Lori off the pathway as he sprinted on ahead.
Lori saw the white patch of fur flash across the path and watched, surprised at Max’s sudden burst of bravery. He seemed to be suddenly sparked with life, a welcome change from his normally nervous behaviour.
For a moment, Max disappeared behind a stand of high weeds, emerging, panting for breath, holding a struggling bunny by the scuff of the neck.
“You’re a fast little bastard.” Max raised the bunny to his face, staring into its eyes. “But you’re no match for me.” The bunny tried to run but its feet only stirred the air. “Hey, I caught him!”
“It’s not a him. It’s a her.” Lori carefully stepped off the path and into the deep greenery. “And I’m going to name her Rosy and keep her in my garage, and—”
The forest was suddenly lit, every tree and crevasse instantly illuminated in an eye-startling flash of lightning from overhead. Momentarily every shadow retreated to its hiding place, only to escape a few seconds later, growing stronger and darker in anticipation of the attack of thunder that was due. Lori heard a few startled screams from the playground, but they were muted when a deafening roar of thunder assaulted her ears, shaking the ground and her body, too.
She glanced at Cindy and was surprised to see her shaking uncontrollably. Her eyes were glued to something just over Lori’s shoulder. As a shiver raced through Lori’s body, she slowly turned to see what Cindy was staring at.
There, only a few feet behind, stood Max. The bunny was no longer in his hand, but hung, swinging back and forth, its teeth pierced through both of Max’s nostrils. Hands shaking, eyes crossed and wide, he stared down at the bunny. Instantly it dropped with a dull thud, scrambled to its feet then dashed away into the shadows. Instinctively Max cupped his shaking hand over his nose as the blood began to flow. 
Now that the storm was overhead, the forest was as dark as night. A steady rain began to fall, pattering on the canopy above, releasing an array of multicoloured leaves, which fluttered down all around them. Lori reached out and grasped Max’s free hand then hurried him back to the pathway, past Randy and a pale looking Cindy. All Lori could think about was what Miss Hopkin would say when she found out they were playing in the woods.
“I knew…bad idea.” Max fought Lori’s help. He struggled, pulling free of her grip. “Never should’ve listened.”
“Come on, Max! Hurry!” Lori looked out through the clearing at the empty schoolyard. The last few stragglers were running for the door, heading for cover. Just then, a scent drifted on the wind. It was horrible, like that of rotting garbage, but worse—much­ worse. She turned back to Max, who was sitting on a decaying tree stump, trying to catch his breath. Maybe the smell had come from the stump?
“Tell Miss Hopkin that it happened behind the…” Her words trailed off seeing the dark shapes on the pathway behind. What were they waiting for? Didn’t they realize how much trouble they were going to be in? “Cindy, Rrr…”
Two faint red dots appeared from the darkness where Cindy and Randy had been. The sight triggered the memory from earlier when she thought the lightning had played a trick on her eyes. She’d dismissed it as nothing, but now, Nothing, was standing over a dark lump on the pathway.
“What? What’s the matter?” Max asked, struggling to get to his feet.
Lori ignored the question. She took a step toward the glowing red eyes in the darkness, wondering what was back there. It wasn’t until another flash of lighting pulsed across the sky, filtering through the small gaps in the branches, that Lori saw exactly what stood guard over the fallen body.
She gasped seeing its blood-soaked muzzle inches from Cindy’s mangled neck, while Randy meanwhile stood to the side, watching and waiting.
It all happened so quickly that Lori couldn’t get a warning out. The beast sprang from Cindy’s lifeless body and in one quick motion sank its teeth into Randy’s neck, ripping out his throat. Then it silently started back into the woods—even before Randy’s body began crumpling to the soft leaf-covered pathway.
“No!” Lori screamed, unable to stop herself. She froze in terror as the beast stopped. Its massive head jerked around in her direction, eyes glaring, burning like embers in a fire.
Lori felt a tremor erupt throughout her body. They had been safe. It was going away, leaving her and Max to survive, but because she couldn’t control her emotions, it was watching—No, coming for them!
Lori turned and grasped Max’s blood-covered hand then sprinted, pulling him down the path to the schoolyard. She didn’t dare look back, afraid that the beast would be nipping at their heels. Instead, she forced Max to run faster, but he stumbled and tripped on everything, finding it hard to keep up.
When they made the edge of the woods, Max tripped on a tree root, falling flat on his face in the soft mud. Lori stopped. She pleaded for him to get back to his feet and continue running, but he looked tired and defeated. His nose was still gushing blood, bright red against his ash-white face. She glanced back into the darkness of the trees and saw the red eyes closing in fast. Max turned to see what they had been running from and when his eyes fell on the charging monster, he scrambled to get to his feet.
“Go!” he yelled.
Lori obeyed. She turned her back on the approaching killer and ran as fast as she could toward the school—and help. Her only chance to live was to out run it. She was one of the fastest kids at school, but could she outrun a killing machine?
Twenty feet from the tree line, she heard the first shriek from behind. Her body shook. She couldn’t help it. She pictured Max back there and could only imagine what that thing was doing to him. He’d always been so timid and reserved, and now he was sacrificing himself so she could get away. She felt ashamed at leaving a friend behind. Felt torn about whether to flee or to fight. Lori remembered how easily that thing had finished both Cindy and Randy and realized that there was no way to win a fight against it. Her only chance was to run for help.
Another shriek came, this one more like an animal cry than a human. Legs trembling, unable to continue, she stopped and glanced back. Just past the trees, in the long grass, Max lay clinging to the rear leg of the beast. It continued on, struggling three legged to resume the chase, clearly angered at Max’s actions.
Lori couldn’t believe it. Max was still fighting for her. He was doing everything he could to save her, but she was stopped, watching and wasting precious time.
“Run, Lori!” Max screamed as the beast turned its attention to the parasite on its body. Max snatched a loose rock from the ground and slammed it into the approaching muzzle. It connected, splitting the beast’s lips wide open. The animal paused a moment, taken by surprise, and Lori prayed that it would change its mind and retreat from the attack. But after lapping at the gushing blood, it snarled, then in a fevered frenzy repaid the effort. Max’s grip loosened then his hands fell, twitching onto the damp leaves.
The beast stepped away from Max’s body and stood tall on all four legs. It was at that moment Lori saw exactly what she’d been running from—a wolf! But not an ordinary wolf. This wolf was huge. Its muscular body rippled under the tattered, matted fur as it slowly stepped toward her. There was something seriously wrong with this thing. Lori felt the tremble rack her body again. The colour of its eyes told her everything—it was pure evil!
The sky let loose as if at the command of the beast and the rain plummeted to the earth, stripping leaves from the trees. The roar of the downpour filled her ears, blocking the sound of the beast’s footfalls as it advanced toward her.
Lori spun, sprinting full out toward the school. Her legs burned. Her lungs ached. She knew that if she didn’t get to the school—and fast—she would die right here in the playground.
The pouring rain pasted her clothing to her skin, making it hard to get full strides. She couldn’t tell how much lead she had and didn’t dare glance back to check, fearing she might slow slightly. The glass door of the school was twenty feet away, illuminated in the darkness of the storm. She prayed for someone to be there to open it, allowing her to dive inside, but it remained deserted.
A flicker of red reflected off the glass door sending a shiver up Lori’s spine. It was right behind, chasing her down like an animal.
Five feet away—the rain fell like a waterfall, cascading down her face and into her mouth as she gasped for breath. The red eyes reflected high in the glass door—it was launching itself at her for the finish! There was no way it was going to let her escape.
Lori’s fingers wrapped around the cold steel of the door handle. She watched the red eyes grow larger and larger as the wolf sailed toward her back. Every movement slowed to a crawl. She pulled the door, which seemed to weigh a ton. Slowly it began moving on the hinges as the rancid breath of the beast filled the air.
The door was half-open, but the reflection in the glass was enough to make her stomach turn. The beast’s jaws were wide open. A mixture of saliva, puss and blood strung from the mangled lips, down to the darkness. Lori was on the threshold, trying to squeeze through the half-opened door, when its teeth pierced her flesh and the blood began to flow. Her left hand snapped protectively to the side of her neck and Lori released an ear-piercing scream…
Chapter 1

Lori bolted upright in bed, screaming at the top of her lungs, her hand clasping the scar tissue at the side of her neck.
“Wolf!” she screamed. “Help!” Then as she became fully awake and realized she was safe in her own room, hundreds of miles and four years away from the horror in the school ground, she broke down sobbing.
After a few minutes the tears stopped flowing and she was able to catch her breath. As her finger slid over the raised scar tissue, she whispered, “So lucky. So damn, lucky!”
She had after all gotten away. The wolf had taken a chunk out of her neck, but as it bit down, she’d slipped on the wet entrance mat and lost her footing, sending the wolf crashing over her head, into the brick wall. Then while it was dazed, Lori had jerked open the door and squeezed inside.
“So lucky to even be alive,” she said, but then her heart twisted with guilt. Cindy, Randy and Max weren’t so lucky. How could that have happened? Killed by a wolf in this day and age?
Lori glanced at the clock on the nightstand. 7:30. “Shit, I’m gonna be late for school.” She swung her feet onto the floor, hurried and gathered clothes then dashed to the adjoining bathroom.
Standing in front of the bathroom mirror, Lori held the pendants from both necklaces together between her trembling fingers. The gold plating had worn off years ago, leaving the words looking old and tarnished. But, it didn’t matter because every time she rubbed the two words between her fingers, Lori felt somewhat closer to Cindy. It was, after all, the last thing Cindy had given her.
Lori wondered why the memory had resurfaced now. It had been years since the last time she’d woken up like that. Why now? Why the hell, now? She could still see Max holding onto the wolf’s leg—giving his life for hers.
Tears filled her eyes. She clenched them shut, praying that the image would disappear. With shaking hands, she reached for her prescription bottle of tranquillizers, popped the cap and swallowed two. Quickly she showered, dressed, then descended the stairs to the kitchen for breakfast.
“Hi, Mom.” Lori avoided her mother’s gaze. “How are you this morning?”
Her mother finished pouring the glass of orange juice then set it on the table. “Never mind me, I heard you scream. Was it the same nightmare?”
Lori nodded her head, dropping into the chair. “It was the same one I had back in Wampus Springs, before we moved here.”
“But it’s been—”
“Years. Yes, I know how long it’s been.”
“I could give Sara Parker a call. Maybe she can get you in to see Dr. Bruce this afternoon. He might be able to help sort out these nightmares.”
“This one’s not a nightmare, Mom—it’s a memory! It’s exactly what happened! It’s like I was right back there.” Lori saw the hurt look on her mother’s face. “I’m sorry, I shouldn’t take it out on you… But, Mom, it felt so real. Like I was really there again, back at the school.” Lori took a sip of juice. “I swear I could reach out and touch the others. I could even taste the rancid breath on that thing as it lunged for my neck.” Tears blurred her vision. “Those eyes, those red eyes…they seemed to bore straight inside me.”
Her mother stepped behind, placing her hands on Lori’s shoulders then whispered that everything would be all right and that they’d get through this together.
Pulling away, Lori looked up, meeting her mother’s gaze. “Mom… I still miss Dad.” Lori swallowed the lump that was stuck in her throat. “Why wouldn’t he come with us?”
“I wish I knew.” The tears were welling in her mother’s eyes but she blinked them away quickly. “I really wish I knew.”
After eating enough breakfast to satisfy her mother, Lori grabbed her purse and school bag then headed out the front door. Reaching the end of the crushed stone driveway, she glanced back. The old Victorian home was picture perfect, barely visible behind the shroud of mature oak trees. Lori could just make out the large hanging swing on the front porch. The one place she could really relax and think.
Four years ago they moved here, to Ridgeway, Ontario, a small town nestled in the countryside, on the edge of Lake Erie. With its sandy beaches and crystal-clear bay, it was an easy choice. But the true selling point was the fact that it was far enough away to settle a hysteric young girl who felt her attacker was lurking in every shadow, waiting to pounce when no one was around.
Lori swung her school bag over her shoulder then headed off down Hillcrest Street. She walked with her head down, watching the sidewalk while her mind replayed that horrible memory. The guilt of seeing Max sacrifice his life for her was gnawing at her stomach.
“Lori… Lori!” Jessica shouted from in front of the school, casting a scowl at anybody else who dared look her way. “Over here.”
Lori crossed the street, walking straight to Jessica. She didn’t feel much like talking right now, but Jessica wasn’t the type to let her alone to sulk. “Hi, Jessica. Were you waiting for me?”
“Of course I was, I’m always waiting for you,” Jessica said, raising Lori’s chin with one finger. “I’ve been watching you since you turned the corner down the street. You must’ve had a bad night, cause you look like shit.”
“Yeah, I had trouble sleeping.” Lori lowered her voice. “I had a nightmare.”
“So, you’ve had that same nightmare for the last three weeks. What was it this time, wandering through the woods or the farmer’s fields?”
“No, not that one!” Lori stepped away from the crowd, lowering her voice. “The other one I used to have.”
“The one where you were attacked?” Jessica whispered.
Lori nodded. “It’s been years, but it was exactly the same. Nothing’s changed. Nothing’s even faded with time.”
“Wow,” Jessica raised a manicured eyebrow, “I have trouble remembering last week, let alone years ago. But why would you have it now, unless—”
“It has something to do with my regular nightmares.”
The bell rang.
Jessica grabbed Lori’s arm and escorted her inside. “You know you’re gonna have to get a hold of this thing before it destroys you. One day they’re gonna find you dead in your bed, with a scream stuck on your face.”
“I know. Dr. Bruce says it’s all in my head, but I’m still scared. What if it comes back for me? And what if something happens to you, like it did to my other friends?”
“Don’t worry. Nothing will happen to me. Nothing I don’t want to happen. Besides, you don’t think I can kick some ass?” Lori followed Jessica’s gaze. It was directed at Jessica’s ex-boyfriend, Marcus and Crystal, the most popular girl in school. “Remember what I did to her last year?”
“I still can’t believe you broke her nose, and what for?” Lori said. “Because your stupid boyfriend was talking to her.”
“Talking?” Jessica laughed. “Half an inch closer to that bitch and they would’ve been tonguing each other. It serves that slut right for messing with my man.”
Raising an eyebrow, Lori said, “Well, you got the last laugh. You dumped him, right?”
“Um… right.” Jessica shook her head and stormed down the hall as Lori ran to catch up. “He’s a typical boy, follows his dick like a divining rod.”
“Well, I’m just glad you’re my friend,” Lori ran right into Jessica as she stopped suddenly, “and not my enemy.”
“Watch where you’re going.” Jessica drew a long ragged breath then exhaled deeply before turning to Lori. “Did you ask your mother about the dance Friday?”
“Let’s just say we had a long discussion about boys, sex and drugs. I didn’t think she was gonna give in and let me go, but after thinking it over for a few hours, she finally agreed.”
“That’s great cause Kirk just got his car running again. You know, the Buick, the one with the big back seat?”
“No, I wouldn’t know about that, but I’m sure you’ve checked it out many times.” Lori fell behind a step. “But I don’t even have a date. Who’s gonna want to go with me?”
“Don’t worry your pretty little head about that. I’m working on it.”
As they approached their lockers, Jessica suddenly stopped dead in her tracks so Lori almost stumbled into her. “Why is he always there?” Jessica complained, gesturing toward Douglas, who had the locker to the left of Jessica’s. “You have to trade me lockers, Lori. I can’t take it any longer. Every time I get something from my locker, that dork, Douglas is there. How come I had to get stuck beside him?”
“Look at the bright spot.” Lori smirked. “At least you’ve got me on the other side to balance things out.”
“If you trade with me, I’ll do all your homework for the rest of the year.”
Lori rolled her eyes, nudging Jessica along. “Nice try Jessica, but I do want to pass.”
“Anything,” Jessica begged dramatically. “Just name it.”
“All right I’ll trade, but only if you agree to go on a date with Doug.”
“Bitch!” Jessica whispered. “Fine, let’s get it over with.”
“You know why he spends so much time at his locker?”
“Because he’s a moron?”
“No, because he likes you. That’s why he pretends to get stuff from his locker, just so he can wait for you to show up.”
“That’s just gross! The thought of that little dweeb thinking he could score with me.” Jessica shook off the thought. “He’s never even been with a girl before. For all I know, he might be gay. You know, I read once that all gay guys are obsessed with neatness. Take one look at his locker and you have to agree he’s a candidate for a Butt-surfer award.”
Lori shook her head. “Don’t even start with that. You never read anything.”
“That’s not true. I read it in one of the smut magazines at Kirk’s house.”
“You reading smutty articles? No way.”
“Hi Jessica,” Doug said, his face turning a brilliant shade of red.
Jessica ignored his salutation and moved past to her locker. She glanced repeatedly from the corner of her eye, waiting for him to leave. Then after fifteen seconds and no success, she pasted a big smile on her face and poked her head into his locker. “Hey Doug, you got any tampons in here? If not, how bout a pad? Mine’s all bloody. You know how it gets on the heavy days.”
The colour drained from Doug’s face and a cold sweat broke out on his forehead. “Um… No. Um… I don’t… Why would I?”
“It was a long shot, but I think mine’s full. You know, I think my panties are getting full of blood too.” Jessica reached inside and fumbled through his gym sack. She pulled out a sock first then finally found what she was searching for. “Can I borrow your spare undies, just in case I leak?”
Doug couldn’t take any more. After ripping his underwear from her hands, he tucked them back into his sack, slammed the locker door and turned toward the classroom.
“But Doug, I promise not to wash them!” Jessica yelled as he ducked into the classroom to avoid all the stares. “You can wear them after I’m done!”
“You’re so mean Jessica,” Lori said, unable to hold back the smile. “I still think you guys would be great together.”
“If he’s so nice, then why don’t you date him?”
Lori opened her locker, stuffed her bag inside then grabbed a binder. “Cause he clearly likes you. He couldn’t take his eyes off you the whole time.”
Jessica shoved Lori toward the classroom door. “I never thought I’d say this, but let’s get to class so you’ll shut the hell up.”
The rest of the day went by like clockwork. Lori attended her classes but found it hard to concentrate. Her mind kept drifting back to the images of the wolf attack and to the question of why it had resurfaced now, after weeks of being haunted by the other nightmares. She prayed they weren’t connected, but deep down inside she suspected what was happening and it scared her—scared her to hell.
After school, Lori hurried down the hallway, anxious to escape. She nearly made the door before Crystal, Monica, and the latest addition to their group, Tanya, noticed her passing. Lori could feel their eyes following her every step and braced for the insults, which were bound to come.
“Wolfie. Come here, Wolfie,” Tanya called. For being new in town, she seemed to adapt to her position as bully pretty quick. The fact that she towered over most the girls—and some of the boys, combined with the fact that her father was the latest recruit on the police force, made her pretty much invincible. She took advantage of her position beside Crystal, and Monica—the English teacher’s daughter—to dish out an extra dose of punishment.
“Wolfie want a—” Tanya stopped when a classroom door opened and Mr. Schafer stepped out. He glared at Tanya and point down the hall, toward the principal’s office. Without a word, Tanya shrugged her massive shoulders and shook her head before plowing through the crowd toward the office.
Lori turned, giving Crystal and Monica a big smirk before stepping through the door. It felt great seeing the stupid look on Tanya’s face at being caught red-handed, but Lori knew it would only infuriate Tanya and the next time she’d be more careful and more relentless.
Once outside, Lori scanned the crowd and found Jessica and Kirk propped against the wall, making tongue babies. Normally she’d wait until they tired and broke apart, but today she found herself impatient.
“You coming?” Lori said, stepping behind Jessica. “Or are you gonna try to get your gum back?”
“Yeah, I’m coming.” Jessica broke free of Kirk’s groping hands. “It’s not like another few minutes would’ve killed you.”
“No, but if the principal releases Tanya, then she just might try.”
A big grin filled Jessica’s face. She hated Tanya more than anybody else in the school. Not just because she was bigger and stronger than she was, it was the fact that her father, the cop, had been spending too much time around her mother’s coffee shop, getting too close to her personal life.
“Why what happened?”
Lori recounted Tanya’s run in with Mr. Schafer, and described the look on Tanya’s face when he’d stepped out into the hall. The news seemed to make Jessica’s day, bringing her to full-blown laughter. It wasn’t until they turned the corner and were clearly out of sight of anyone at school that Lori tagged Jessica then sprinted down the sidewalk. Jessica would give chase—she always did. 
Lori couldn’t believe how easy it was to out run Jessica today. Normally they were neck and neck, but today her feet seemed to glide over the sidewalk, hardly landing before pushing off again. She thought it might be the rush of hormones inherited from her first menstrual cycle. The extra little push she’d been missing for the last years. Other normal girls had suffered and complained for years about the pain and mess, but Lori had been immune from the whole deal, that was, until last month when it finally came. She’d been half relieved, half scared to death of it. Her mother said she was lucky not to have dealt with it at a young age, but Lori could tell its absence had worried her mother a great deal, too.
Reaching her driveway, Lori glanced back, spotting Jessica a block behind, holding her stomach and gasping for breath.
“Come on, Jessica! Let’s get you in the house so you can rest.” Lori jogged back, bouncing on her toes and grabbed Jessica’s arm. “You want me to help you the rest of the way, Grandma?”
“Ha, ha, you’re so funny.” Jessica shrugged off the offered hand.
Lori’s mother was standing just inside the front door when they entered. Her face relaxed the moment Lori stepped across the threshold and Lori wondered if her mother had moved from that spot at all during the day, or if she’d stayed there waiting, unable to proceed with her life until she knew her baby was safe at home.
“Hi, Mrs. Foster,” Jessica said, trying to hide the fact that she was tired and out of breath.
“Hello, Jessica.” She smiled and turned to Lori. “And how was school today?”
“Oh, the same as always,” Lori dropped her school bag onto the hall table, “boring.”
Jessica jabbed Lori in the ribs. “Hey, what about Sex Ed class?”
Lori felt her heart race. Jessica had a way of turning the ordinary into the extraordinary. She shook her head, praying that Jessica would hold her tongue, but knew her prayer would go unanswered.
“They showed slides of diseased penises.” Jessica smirked at Lori. “Now you can’t tell me you were bored looking at penises?”
Lori’s mother nervously moved the school bag then arranged the magazines on the table. “That’s enough, Jessica.” She shook her head. “You must drive your mother crazy.”
“I try.” She grinned. “I think it’s my duty as a teenager to make her ponder her decision to reproduce.”
“Oh, I’m sure she ponders often.” Lori’s mother turned and headed to the den. “Supper will be ready shortly. Don’t spoil your appetites with junk food.”
Lori led the way into the kitchen and rummaged through the cupboard for a snack. After plucking a bag of cookies from the shelf, she turned to Jessica. “Nobody’s gonna ask me to the dance. They’re all scared of me. They think I’m some kind of freak and this scar proves it.”
“Scar? You can hardly see it.” Jessica ripped the bag from Lori’s hand and set it on the counter. She closed her eyes and rubbed her temples. “I can see a young man who’s interested in your body. Nice looking boy, dark hair, full lips, tight butt. Oh… Oh… but wait—Wait a minute. I see it! Yes, I can see it! Oh…” Jessica opened her eyes and shook her head. “Too bad, he has a small cock. But hey, you’re still a virgin, so you won’t know the difference.”
Lori glanced around, making sure her mother wasn’t near. “I’m proud to be a virgin.”
“Spoken like someone who’s never had sex.”
Lori exhaled heavily. “Who is he? And how do you know he likes me? And why didn’t you tell me before?”
“Slow down.” Jessica closed her eyes and reached for her temples only to have Lori restrain her arms.
“Just tell me without all the crap!”
“It’s Josh Hughes.”
“From English class?”
Jessica pulled her arms free of Lori’s tightening grip. “Yes, Josh. He’s always staring at your ass when you go to the blackboard.”
Lori glanced out the doorway. “He’s nice, right?”
“He’ll do.” Jessica grabbed the cookies from the counter and popped one in her mouth. “Too quiet for me. But Kirk kinda knows him and he mentioned you’re looking for some action.”
Lori shoved Jessica back. “He didn’t!”
“Who knows what they talked about?” Jessica skirted around Lori and settled in at the table. “The important thing is, Josh is interested in taking you. Kirk’s gonna call tomorrow and find out for sure.”
“And what exactly is he expecting?”
“I don’t know. Probably what every boy’s looking for. But don’t worry, just tell him Aunt Flow’s in town. That turns them off fast.”
“It might not be a lie. It’s been three weeks since my first period so it could start any time.” Lori grabbed two pops from the fridge and sat down at the table, then took a cookie from the bag. “Hell, if I was three years late, it might not come back for another six months.”
After dinner, the rest of the night slid by with the usual routine of television and gossip. When eleven o’clock rolled by, Jessica headed home before her mother started calling.
With Jessica gone, the house seemed too quiet. Lori peered into the den and saw her mother sound asleep on the couch, the book she was reading still clutched in her hands.
Lori fought away a yawn as she made her way up the stairs. She was almost to her bedroom door when she paused to gaze at the old family photo hanging in the hallway. There she was, four years old, hoisted on her mother and father’s shoulders as they posed before the colourful backdrop of the carnival. She found herself drawn to the picture like a magnet, probably because they all seemed so happy that day, something they’d been missing for many years now.
Breaking free from the picture, she continued on to her bedroom. There she changed into her nightshirt then crossed the room to the window. The sky was clear with only the brightest stars shining through the glow of the streetlights. Lori scanned the darkness, examining every hiding place, but there was no wolf lurking in the shadows waiting for her to leave the safety of her home.
She bent down, opened the lid of the window seat then lifted her sweaters and dug deeper until she found what she was looking for. Her diary.
After opening the diary to the last entry and reading it, she stared out into the night, thinking. Then finally…

Dear Diary — Friday
Mother’s finally letting me go on a date. I know how hard it is for her to let go and watch me grow up. I can still see the fear in her eyes whenever I leave the house.
Jessica’s getting Kirk to set up a double date for the dance. She told me that Josh had been asking about me a lot. Who would have thought that Josh liked me? Sure, we share a few classes and I have caught him looking at me. But here I just thought he was looking at me and thinking ‘There’s one messed up girl’ but he wasn’t. He actually likes me and by the way, he is cute and he does have a nice butt, just like Jessica said. 
I was starting to wonder if I’d ever have a boyfriend. They all seem so scared of me. It doesn’t help that Crystal and her new recruit Tanya spread all those stories about me.

Lori felt her blood pressure rise just thinking about that latest rumour. The previous one was bad enough, but to spread a rumour that she was the one who’d killed her best friends, then turned the knife on herself in a botched attempt at suicide. That crossed the line from being bitches to slandering bitches. 
Lori sighed.

Maybe Josh is different. Maybe he won’t care what Crystal says about him dating me. Besides, this could be the turning point in my life, going from such a screwed up childhood, to some kind of normal life.
It could be the beginning of a real relationship. Something that I thought this scar on my neck would prevent from happening. But now I’m getting carried away. We might not have anything in common, or he might change his mind and cancel before Friday. Oh well, no sense in worrying about it, I’ll find out soon enough.
Gotta go 

Lori closed the diary then placed it back inside the window seat. With her sweaters hiding her thoughts, she turned off the lights and climbed under the covers. The thought of Josh taking her to the dance caused her body to tingle with excitement. It was a welcome change to the dread that she normally felt, worrying about the nightmares and memories that would inhabit her sleep.
Chapter 2

The sun was high overhead as Lori walked the two blocks to Jessica’s house. Her mind was reeling from the memory of the dream she’d had last night. But at least it’d only been one of her usual dreams. She dreaded reliving that memory of the wolf attack at the schoolyard. The mere thought of seeing her friends being killed all over again sent her stomach churning. She hoped she would never see that image ever again for the rest of her life.
Just as she stepped onto the sidewalk, heading up to Jessica’s house, the front door opened and out ran Jessica. She grabbed Lori’s hand and pulled her quickly down the road.
“What’s the matter?” Lori asked. “Your mother hounding you to work at the coffee shop today?”
“No, it’s her new boyfriend!” Jessica’s jaw muscles were bulging. “She finally let it slip who he is.”
Lori wanted to ask, but waited until Jessica finally spilled it.
“Ken Parry! I should’ve guessed. He’s new to town and—”
“Ken Parry—As in Officer Ken Parry. The same man who fathered Tanya, the Sasquatch?”
Jessica nodded. Her face looked long and pale. “I should’ve known it was him. They’ve only been here for less than a month and I should’ve known it was someone new by the way she was acting. But, how could she find him the least bit suitable? Just look at his offspring. It looks like he mated with a fucking Bigfoot. What’s going to happen if they get along? What if they get married?”
“Then the fucking Bigfoot will be sharing a room with you.”
Jessica slowed to a walk when they were a safe distance away. “As if. I’d rather move out and live on the street.”
“Did Kirk call yet?” Lori asked, thinking she’d change the topic before Jessica got into full melodrama mode.
“Call who?” Jessica shrugged her shoulders. “I don’t know what you’re talking about.”
Lori gave her a playful shove, sending her stumbling to the grass.
After regaining her footing, Jessica gave Lori a long careful look. “Kirk said he’d call him sometime today.”
Lori dropped her gaze to the sidewalk. She felt her hope fading fast. After all, it had all been too easy. To think Josh would actually want to be seen out in public with the girl who was rumoured to have murdered her childhood friends then blamed it all on a wolf attack, was preposterous.
“Hey.” Jessica put her arm around Lori’s shoulder. “If Kirk doesn’t call by suppertime then I’ll make him call. You’ve gotta understand, it’s not easy for a guy to ask another guy something like that. They have all these macho hang-ups about being cool. And nagging another guy just ain’t cool.”
“It’s just that I’m so excited. Last night I couldn’t stop thinking about Josh and the dance. But, what if he changes his mind and doesn’t want to go with me?”
“Then I’ll go over there and kick his ass until he changes his mind.” Jessica gave her shoulder a squeeze. “Don’t worry. I’ll take care of you.”
They continued down two more blocks then turned right at Len’s Corner Store. Once they rounded the curve in the road, shimmering water danced between the gaps in the trees. At the far end of the road, a pathway had been sliced through the thick grove of pines, carved with care to form a perfect walkway. The branches were pruned high above their heads, forming a peaked ceiling. No matter how many times they took this path, it always seemed like they were following a secret pathway to some strange and mysterious land far away.
The air seemed to drop ten degrees as they entered the shade of the tree line. With each step taken, the aroma of pine intensified as their feet stirred the fallen needles. They followed the pathway for five minutes then the cool darkness gave way to blinding sunlight reflecting off the clear blue water of the bay.
The beach was unusually barren for this time of year. Usually a dozen kids or more would be swimming in the water or playing football at the edge, but the cool spring had kept the water cold, forcing the sun worshippers to pray for enlightenment on the beach instead. Off in the distance only a few kids dared each other to go in the water, but they were lucky to make it waist deep, before running back to the warmth of the sand.
Lori and Jessica strolled along the beach for twenty minutes, stopping occasionally to pick up a stone and skip it through the waves, as they headed down toward the pier. The ancient wooden structure creaked and moaned with each step they took. When the boards up ahead looked too rotten to support their weight, they plopped down on the edge and dangled their feet inches from the water’s surface as brightly coloured sunfish gathered, circling below their feet, imitating Piranha readying for a quick snack.
Removing her top, Jessica revealed the bikini beneath then readjusted her contents as she lay back on the wooden platform.
“When I called Kirk last night he mentioned that Josh has been asking all kinds of questions about you.”
“He has?” Lori felt warmth stirring deep inside at the thought. “Like what?”
“Well, he asked if you put out on the first date.”
“He did not!” Lori felt the heat in her cheeks and knew her face would be bright red. “He wouldn’t say anything like that. Would he?”
“I’m just messing with you, but apparently he has been asking if you have a boyfriend, and if you date and you know, guy stuff. It sounded like he was interested in asking you out anyways, so we’ll just get Kirk to give him a little shove in your direction.”
“This will be great. You know,” Lori closed her eyes against the bright sun, drinking in the warm touch, “the more I think about it, I have noticed him looking at me in class. But I thought he took Monica Jones to the last dance?”
“He did. I remember seeing her plump little body squeezed into that purple dress. You really should’ve come. It was great. She looked like a fat grape ready to explode.”
“Then why would Josh ask me to the dance? Why not take Monica again?”
“Just look at her. There’s no contest between the two of you.”
“Stop.”
“No, really. Josh would be an idiot not to pick you. I think the only reason he took Monica is that he wanted to get a good mark in Miss Jones’s English class. You watch, if he dumps Miss Jones’s little baby and takes you instead, his mark will nosedive.”
“Come to think about it, Josh was looking at me yesterday in class. Maybe if I hadn’t ignored him, he might have asked me to the dance then.”
Jessica turned on her side and faced Lori. “See. I told you he liked you—or just wants to get in your pants.”
Lori turned, slapping Jessica’s thigh hard. A red handprint rose immediately.
“Hey,” Jessica rubbed away the sting. “That’s gonna leave a mark.”
Lori raised an eyebrow and smirked. “From what I’ve heard, Kirk spanks your ass harder than that.”
“Yeah, but my ass has more padding. And besides it makes me really horny when he does that.” Jessica spanked her ass then let out a long exaggerated cry of pleasure. “Just think. We’ll be going on our first double date Friday night. Me and Kirk, and you and Josh. Hey, maybe Josh might give you a little spanking in the back seat then we’ll hear you moaning and groaning.”
“Oh, stop it.” Lori shook her head. “Like I’d put out on the first date. I’m not you.”
“Yeah, you couldn’t handle being me.” She rolled on her stomach and propped herself up on her elbows. “Hey, since when do you sleep past seven? At first, I thought your mother was trying to get rid of me when I called this morning. I thought there’s no way you could still be in bed at ten o’clock.”
“Um… I didn’t sleep so well last night. I… I woke up during the night and, um…”
“And what?” Jessica sat up and looked Lori in the eye. “Another nightmare. Which was it this time, the school attack, or the other?”
“It was the other. I was wandering through the woods again. It feels so real like I’m actually there, but…” Lori swallowed hard. She remembered how dirty she felt when she finally realized what had happened last night and she still couldn’t get over the embarrassment of it. “When I woke from the nightmare, I was… naked.”
Jessica shrugged her shoulders. “So we’re all naked sometimes. Hell, I sleep in the nude all the time. One time I got up and started downstairs for breakfast. I was halfway down the stairs when I realized that there was a breeze in the valley below.”
Lori shook her head. “No, it wasn’t the fact that I was naked, but that when the nightmare ended and I finally woke up, I was standing in front of the window.”
“Exhibitionist,” Jessica gasped. “Now that’s what boys like. Me, I’ve never tried that, but hey—”
“I felt so dirty standing there in front of the window. I couldn’t believe that I’d stripped down and stood there for… for god only knows how long.”
“Was the light off?”
“Yeah, but what—”
“Well, the most anybody walking by would see is the outline of your body. It might be enough to horn up the old man who walks his dog late at night—or freak him out. Either way I don’t think you have to worry about pictures being posted on the internet or anything like that.”
“But why would I do it? I’ve never done it before.”
“What’s different this time?”
“Nothing—Just the nightmare the other night of when I was bitten. That was the first time I’d had it since I moved here four years ago. I used to wake every night after the attack from that exact nightmare, but then we moved here and it disappeared. It was like the distance severed the tie to it.”
“More likely you just relaxed, not having to worry about the wolf around every corner.”
“Or the distance broke the control the wolf had over me?”
“Don’t say that again. You’ve told me what happened, and yes, I’ll admit it’s pretty fucked up, but I doubt there was anything special about that one pissed off wolf. You guys probably stepped into its territory and disturbed its den or something like that.”
Lori knew Jessica’s viewpoint on the wolf attack and knew there was no way to change her mind, but if only she’d seen what Lori had seen then there wouldn’t be any problem convincing her. “Maybe you’re right Jessica. I guess I’ll just have to pin the drapes shut tonight. I can’t stand the thought of waking up naked in front of the window again.”
“Just in case, I’ll call Josh and send him over. What time should I tell him?”
Lori smacked Jessica’s thigh again but Jessica just laughed and lay back on the dock, watching the clouds float slowly by. “So, what do you think you’re searching for in all your nightmares?” she asked.
Lori shifted on the rough wooden planks then sat up, hugging her knees to her chest. “I don’t know, all I can remember is walking around searching, but I don’t think I ever found what I was looking for.” Lori’s eyes blurred with tears. She sat there staring off into the bay while the images replayed through her mind.
“So what do you think it means, Lori?”
“I don’t know. Maybe it means that I’m looking for happiness—friendship—something?”
“But you’ve found both of those things. I’m your best friend and obviously you’re mine. And how can you say you’re not happy with your life? You’re beautiful. You live in a nice house and your mother’s a nurse who makes lots of money. Oh yeah and the best thing is—if I haven’t already mentioned it—you have me.” With that, Jessica sat up and wrapped her arms around Lori.
Lori continued hugging her knees. Her eyes burned with fresh hot tears. She felt the warmth from Jessica’s body and her arms felt strong and supportive holding her tight, but there was still a chill racing down her spine at the memory of the nightmares. She feared that no matter how far away she ran, there would always be a tiny chance that the wolf would someday return and finish the job it started four years ago.
“I know it’s been hard, Lori, but it’s all behind you now. From here on in it’s you and me, okay? You just let me know what will make you happy and we’ll do it.”
Sometimes Jessica could be such a pain in the ass, but at times like this, she made up for it tenfold. Lori smiled and was only able to nod in agreement as a few more tears overflowed, following the trails down her cheeks.
Jessica released her hug and sat back smiling. “Now, if you could do anything you wanted to today, what would it be?”
“Why don’t we just sit here?” Lori said. She knew that Jessica would rather head to the mall or even to the schoolyard to see if the boys were playing a game of football today, but she didn’t think she could stand either place right now. Her mind felt all mixed up and the best place for her to think things through and sort out her feelings was right here, listening to the water lapping at the wooden pillars under her feet. There was something calming about the water. Maybe it was the rhythmic sound it created or maybe it was the fact that life survived both above and below the water’s glassy surface.
“I guess I could work on evening out my tan lines.” Jessica dropped back, lying down on the pier then removed her bikini top.
“I don’t know how you can do that.” Lori wiped the tears from her cheeks and settled down beside Jessica. “Aren’t you embarrassed that someone will see you?”
“What’s wrong? They’re only tits. Hell, you’ve got the same thing under there, too. Besides half the old men have bigger man-boobs than both of us. Who cares if it gets them worked up? Hell, it’s half the fun trying to get them to walk around with a boner in their swimsuits.”
“I don’t know, Jessica, I don’t think I could ever do that.”
Jessica turned her head and shaded her eyes, meeting Lori’s gaze. “From what you told me you’ve already shown the whole package in your window.”
“That’s different. I don’t have—”
“I’m just kidding.” Jessica rolled her eyes. “Don’t worry about it. You’re beautiful. Don’t be afraid to show it off.”
“Yeah, beautiful,” Lori scoffed. “Beautiful girls don’t have to have someone find a date for them.”

Wampus Springs is available at: http://www.wadefaubert.com

