Secrets and Lies 
Part 1 
Harry’s Secret 
By R L Stephens
14 June 2013
Published by R L Stephens at Smashwords.
Copyright Smashwords 2013
This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author. 
Acknowledgment – book cover image imagerymajestic FreeDigitalPhotos.net
All characters appearing in this work are fictitious. Any resemblance to real persons, living or dead is purely coincidental. 
This is a work of speculative fiction that based around a ‘what if’ scenario. While the author does acknowledge that the contents of this e-book may offend some people, this is not the author’s intention, nor does he condone some of the actions portrayed. While certain events are portrayed in graphic detail, the author contends that these are a necessary for the full rendering of the events portrayed. If readers have any complains to issues with this they should take these up with
Chapter 1 
“I think that’s all we need for now Mr. Wright,” the man said looking down at his notes.  “You certainly seem to have excellent credentials,” he added taking another look at the resume that was sticking out from under his notepad. 
“Thank you,” Mr. Wright said nervously rubbing the palm of his right hand with the fingers of his left hand.  “Oh and please call me Harry,” said having always had a dislike for such formalities and wanting to feel more ease with the situation.  It wasn’t that he always felt so nervous at job interviews it was just that this was the first one he’d had in a very long time and really wanted to come and work for this particular bank.
“Well then Mr. Wright, I mean Harry, I think we can say that unless there is anything else you wish to add then we are done here,” the man said looking at the woman sitting to his right, who nodded the required confirmation the man was looking for.  She had been more or less silent during most of the interview, but she introduced the two of them and then had let the man take the lead through most of the interview.  During the introductions Harry thought she had said her name was Amy Ellis or something like that, but Harry hadn’t really been paying much attention at that point.  He also thought that she had said she was from the Human Resources department and that Richard Scott, the man who was sitting almost directly in front of Harry as the head of the department that Harry would be working was going to lead the interview. 
Despite being really quite anxious at the start Harry had soon found himself settling down and relaxing enough to be able to be able to answer Richard’s questions as articulating as possible.  Even though he found that he hesitated his way through answers far more than he would have liked, and hoped that he didn’t come across as some kind of gibbering idiot.  But he did think that he was coherent enough in his answer to get his main point across.
“Just one last thing,” Richard said as he replaced the top on his pen and slid it neatly into his top shirt button.  “May I ask how old you are?” He then asked as he organized his pile of papers and notes in a tidy pile and slipped them into the hard back notebook he had brought with him.  Harry could see that there were several other loose bits of paper hanging out untidily from the edges of the notebook.  
“That’s not part of the interview, but I was just wondering,” Richard then added as he pushed his chair to back from the table so that he could stand up and seeing the look on Harry’s face must have appeared to be a mixture of both surprise that the question was asked and suspicion as to why the question was being asked, after all companies weren’t supposed to discriminate on the grounds of age. 
“Oh 29,” Harry said as casually as he could manage in the circumstances.  But I'm a good few years older than that, but that’s not the only thing that I'm hoping you don’t find out about, thought to himself behind the guise of an awkward smile as he too rose to leave. 
“Ah I thought that was the case,” Richard said as he offered out his hand for Harry to shake and he could feel the soft smoothness of Harry’s hand that seemed to be quite a bit smaller than his own.  Harry on the other hand could feel the roughness that came with age of the older man who must have been at least in his late forties.
With the pleasantries completed Harry strode as confidently as he could, trying to leave one last impression on the two people he left behind him.  Hoping that he had done enough to persuade them that he was the man for the job, and that if they did they wouldn’t dig too deeply into his past as they may not have liked what they found. 
   “What do you think?” Richard asked turning to face Amy Ellis as the door to the meeting closed behind Harry. 
“I don’t know, he seems to be more than suitable,” she said as she straightened her skirt that was just a little bit too tight around her amply proportioned thighs and hips.
“Yes I know,” Richard replied, “that was my impression too.”
“You sound doubtful,” she replied her voice sounding higher in tone than you might have thought given her size. 
“There's just something, I don’t know, like he's hiding something,” Richard said his face twisted as if he were trying to figure what it was that he couldn’t quite out his finger on.   That one thing about the young man who had just left that seemed to elude him at the moment and continued to do so regardless of how hard he tried. 
“Whatever it is,” she said in her surprisingly high pitched voice that seemed to ring with glee at the thought of unraveling this duplicitous young man, “it’ll come out in our usually pre-employment checks.”
“Yes just like that guy last year who embezzled almost a million pounds from and it turned he’d done it before at his previous employer,” Richard said skeptically as if he doubted the thoroughness of such queries. 
“He came back clean,” Amy said a little defensively as she turned to leave the room. 
“We’ll see,” Richard said more to her back.
***
So far so good, Harry thought to himself as he settled down in a booth in the nearest pub to where the interview had taken place, with a cold pit of lager sitting invitingly on the table in front of him.  He then took a long drink from the glass and winched a little at the taste of it was there something about it that he had never been able to quite get used to.  Despite this he had found that he had been able to drink four to six pints of it in a night and while this wasn’t a huge amount by most men’s standards Harry had found that it was just enough to keep up appearances.
Where he was sitting just nicely out of the way so that he could maintain a certain level of anonymity, but that he could still watch the goings on in the bar, which at this time of day wasn’t much.  It was almost 3pm and the lunchtime rush had long since passed, but people hadn’t started to filter in after work and Harry thought he would have at least an hour before things started to get busy.  And that would be more than enough for him get a couple of pints in before he headed back to his hotel for the night. 
Harry had been looking for work for almost 18 months now, since he had been made redundant from his last employer, through no real fault of his own.  The money he had received, along some savings he’d manage to build up over the years, had been enough to keep him going so far, but he was starting to run low on funds.  As such he had stepped up his job applications over the last three months or and had even bought a couple of new suits for job interviews.
“If you're tired of the same old results,” he’d once heard some motivational speaking eulogize, “stop doing the same old things.”  That was one motivation for buying a new suit at the time, but that didn’t help him getting to the interview stage, so he then tweaked his resume here and there and eventually about a week ago heard that he’d been selected for interview for a an office manager job at bank, the only problem was that it was based in London and he was living in Manchester.  In principle that didn’t really both Harry, except that he would have fund the move himself.  That may be a problem, but Harry had always been one of those people who were able to not worry about things until absolutely necessary.
And so Harry managed to budget in enough money for a train ticket to London and a couple of nights in a hotel so that he could prepare for the interview properly and not have to worry about getting there.  That was how he now found himself in a bar, in London having just had his first job interview in who knew how long and feeling fairly confident.
I’ll cross that bridge if I get to it, Harry then thought to himself sternly as the thought of the cost of moving crept its way stealthily into his mind once more and he then gulped down the lager of the lager in the glass.  He then looked around the pub and seeing that it still wasn’t all that busy decided that he would have another pint and made his way to the bar. 
“A bit early isn’t?” A brunette in her mid-twenties, who Harry hadn’t seen sitting at the bar, said.      
“Pardon?” Harry replied politely as the waited for the barman to come over and serve him. 
“To be drinking,” she said looking at his empty glass.  “Shouldn’t you be at work or something?” She then asked having looked up and down the full length of Harry’s body.  Harry had always been naturally slim and was on reasonable shape.  Under the dark jacket she could see the matching waistcoat that fitted just about perfectly around his flat stomach and the dark trousers that was obviously part of the same suit.  His face was smoother than most men these days, who seemed to almost universally have a permanent five o’clock shadow or something that went further than designer stubble. 
“Oh I've just been for a job interview,” Harry said keeping his focus firmly straight ahead and not even turning to look at her once. 
“Yeah same here,” the woman said and now Harry turned and could see that she was just as formally dressed in a skirt suit, white blouse and a jacket that matched her skirt. He momentarily glanced down at her shoes, for some reason that eluded at the time, and could see that there were a shiny black that made him think that they were either new or hadn’t been worn much.  The heels were more than your typical women’s workaday shoe, but were just high enough that would give her that sexy walk that came with high heels, but not high enough so she would have difficulty in walking in them. 
   “I hope it's not for the same job,” she said smiling with a genuine pleasantness that Harry felt himself smiling back. 
“Even if it is,” he said as the barman took his order and started to fill his glass, “good luck anyway.”  There was an easy kindness in his voice that made the woman feel at ease and her smile broadened obviously in response to his kind and honest words.  
“Thank you,” she said warmly and emptied her wineglass after raising it in a toast to Harry and their mutual good fortune.
“Will there be anything else?” The barman said gruffly as he handed the now full pint glass to Harry. 
“Oh yes and whatever,” he started to say and then realized that he hadn’t caught her name.  “Oh I'm sorry but what was your name again?” He asked the woman and wondering if she had ever even mentioned it. 
“Susan,” she replied handing her glass over.
“And whatever Susan would like,” he then added to the barman.
“Do you mind if I join you?” Susan said being more forward than Harry had expected her to be.  “I don’t normally drink with strange men, but you seem nice and I hate drinking alone,” she added and Harry wondered whether he had actually seen her tongue rub across her bright red lips.
“Ok I guess,” Harry said and feeling as nervous as he always had done in such situations.  In the workplace and in general socially, he had no problem talking to and being around women.  It was just that when things got into these more intimate situations he always got a case of the nerves and never knew quite how to act.
A few minutes later they were sitting in Harry’s booth, just out of the way, and Harry listened attentively as Susan told him all about her recently failed relationships with men and her efforts to further her career.  These hadn’t always been as successful as she had expected them to be and she mentioned a few times that she felt she had gone as far with her current employer as she could go, and that was why she was looking to move on.
“It does make a change for a guy to be able to listened and not bang on about himself,” Susan said a couple of hours, and a few drinks, later.
“Well there's not much to tell, “Harry said as he smiled shyly.
“Oh I'm sure there's more to you than you let on,” Susan said smiling at Harry seductively.  More than you could guess, Harry thought to himself and Harry was beginning to wonder how he could manoeuver himself out of this without being rude.   
“Well I was made redundant almost a couple of years ago and I've been looking ever since,” he said trying to think of something interesting to say about himself. 
“Mmmmm firm, but not overly muscular,” she said and then he felt himself almost jump out of his seat as he felt her hand squeeze his right thigh.  “Oh sorry I didn’t mean to make you jump,” Susan said her voice more normal sounding now.  “It's just that I can get a little forward when I've had a few to drink,” she then added by way of apology.
“No, no it's ok,” Harry said wondering whether he should apologize for flinching away like that and hoped that it he hadn’t offended her. 
“You're not married or anything?” Susan then asked looking down at Harry’s hand to see if there was any sign of a wedding ring.  “I mean I don’t mind if you are and were looking for a one off,” Susan then added.
“No, I was in a relationship but it ended about the same time as I was made redundant,” he said smiling halfheartedly. 
“Oh I'm sorry to hear that,” Susan said with what sounded like genuine compassion.  “Losing a job can be hard on any relationship,” she added, even though she had never been in exactly the same situation herself.
“These things happen,” Harry said taking a sip from his glass and trying to think how he could change the subject quickly. 
“So do you live locally?” Susan asked.
“No, I'm from Manchester, but staying close by overnight,” Harry replied between mouthfuls of lager. 
“So you don’t need to be up early in the morning?” Susan asked closing any remaining gap between them. 
“No not especially,” Harry replied without thinking. 
“Good, me either,” Susan said taking his head in her hands and kissing him deeply on the lips. 
***
“Oh bolux,” Harry said when woke up the next morning and realized there was another person in the bed next to him.  It took another few minutes for the realization to sink in that the body next to him belonged to Susan, then brunette he had met in the bar the previous afternoon and he privately lambasted himself for letting things get this far.  One night stands had never really been his thing and he’d always been so careful about avoiding such encounters.  
He then flung himself flat on his back and stared up at  the pristinely white ceiling and wondered how many elicit encounters had occurred under it.  The body next to him stirred as Susan began to wake up and Harry braced himself for the barrage of wrathful verbal missile that would inevitably soon be fired in his direction.  Seconds later Susan bolt upright and momentarily starred right had Harry’s face.
“I told you I don’t normally do this sort of thing,” Harry said by way of preemptive apology. 
“But you could’ve at least told me,” Susan said as she pulled the bed clothes tightly around herself to cover her body as a sense of violation and embarrassment suddenly filled her being.
“I'm sorry, I didn’t mean to,” Harry said truly apologetic with what had happened then previous night.
“Look I don’t know what sort of game you’re playing, but I think it's best if we never mention this again or even see each other again,” she said starring fixedly at the opposite wall and forcing herself not to look at Harry.  “Look I know a lot of women aren’t like that,” she said trying to hide the revulsion she felt at the thought of what they’d done, “but I wouldn’t have minded if you’d only told me.”
“You didn’t object too much last night,” Harry said not able to hide the sense of deep regret he was now feeling. 
“But you should’ve told me first,” Susan said.  “Please don’t say anything else,” she then added as a small tear formed in the corner of her eye.   Susan wiped this away with the duvet and then flung it aside and got off the bed quickly and decidedly.  She then dressed in silence with her back facing the bed where Harry was still lying.  When she was dressed sufficiently be to be decent, Susan then stormed out of the room and strode quickly down the corridor trying not to look as if she were in a hurry and definitely without looking back.   
Harry just lay there in the bed for what seemed like hours wondering what he should now and how he should deal with this himself.  Eventually he decided to try to forget it himself, it wasn’t as if he had meant for things to go that far, and events had just gotten out of hand before he could stop them. 
Chapter 2 
Harry wasn’t sure how long he had lain in bed after Susan had left so abruptly, but as each agonizing moment had ticked by with less urgency as a sloth getting up on a lazy Bank Holiday he waited with bated breath for the police or hotel security to come banging on his door.  In those anxious moments Harry decided that he wouldn’t have blamed Susan for making a complaint against him and after what he had done, he probably deserved everything that was coming to him.  But, despite his expectations the knock never came. 
Pull yourself together Harry, he eventually thought to himself as he lay there agonizing over what might have happened. Get up you fool, he thought trying to spur himself into action.  His train back home wasn’t for another four hours or so and there would be more than enough time for a quick shower and a slow breakfast.  Taking heed to his own words, Harry forced himself out of bed and dragged his reluctant body into the bathroom.  
By the time Harry found himself starring at his own face in the mirror he had pulled one of those generic white dressing gowns that you usually find in high end hotel rooms.  You're such an idiot, you know, he rhetorically said to his reflection not expecting any kind of answer, except perhaps for redemption in the chastisement of his reflection and by implication himself. What you thinking? Getting drunk and falling into bed with some strange woman, he then asked of his reflection as if the interrogation of this illusionary version of himself would produce the answers he sought. 
As Harry had expected no answer came from the figure looking back at him as he himself had few answers to offer, other than he had been a fool to let things get out of hand like that.  Pulling himself away from the reflection of his would be accuser and interrogator, Harry decided that a hot shower would be the order of the day.  And so he turned the temperature up as much as he dared and turned on the taps controlling the shower.
Harry then remembered housekeeping and slipped out of the bathroom to make sure that the ‘do not disturb’ sign was still on the door handle from the previous night.  Satisfied that his was the case he then returned to the bath where water was now full flow and starting to fill the bathroom with steam.  He ran his hand under the water to make sure it wasn’t too hot Harry slipped out of the dressing gown and, after stepping into the bath, pulled the shower curtain fully around him so as to hide his body from any casual observers. 
***
Just over an hour later Harry was sitting in the dining room for breakfast, his eyes nervously dashing around the room from behind his paper looking for the unmistakable form of a police officer come to inform of Susan’s complaint.  As his eyes darted paranoically from guest to guest and from staff member to staff member Harry was sure that his worst fear was about to come true.  Eventually he forced himself to hide behind the newspaper and periodically munch on some toast, while remaining firmly hidden.  Then without warning it happened. 
“Excuse me sir,” said the over polite voice of the owner of the hand that rustled his newspaper.
“Y-y-yes,” Harry said having just almost leapt five feet in the air from his stationary seated position with fear. 
 “Sorry I didn’t mean to startle you,” said the waiter and Harry braced himself for the request that he should follow him t reception.  “But would you like some tea or coffee?” 
“Pardon?” Harry asked still shivering from the unexpected query and wondering whether his ears had deceived him and that he had actually been asked something else entirely. 
“Did you want any tea or coffee sir?” The waiter asked again in a more impatient tone of voice that was still laced with politeness that seemed to Harry as if the man could be telling him the most awful things imaginable and yet still make it sound inoffensive and ordinary. 
“Oh coffee please,” Harry replied and exhaled a huge sigh of relief as the waiter wondered off without looking back.  You really must get a grip Harry; Harry heard a calm, but not very reassuring, voice echo though his mind.  But the words were true and he desperately wanted to follow that sensible piece of advice, despite the feeling in the pit of his stomach that at any minute things would happen just as he imagined they would.   And every minute that nothing out of the ordinary occurred made him far more anxious that it would any minute, instead of having the calming effect that inaction should have had. 
A few minutes later the waiter returned with the requested beverage and Harry earnestly watched him pouring the hot black liquid into his cup and thanked the man when he had finished.  A sense of nervous anticipation flowed through every corner of Harry’s being and he couldn’t remember every having had watched another person so closely before for signs that something, anything was amiss, even though it all seemed every bit as normal and ordinary as it should. 
“Oh is it too late for a fried breakfast?” Harry asked just before the waiter was about to turn and leave, more giving the other man a chance to say something than from a real concern that he had missed out on bacon and eggs that morning. 
“No sir, please help yourself to the buffet,” the waiter added and then casually turned and walked away to serve the next guest.  As he did so Harry could still feel his heart beating, or rather more like pounding, his chest with unfulfilled anticipation and expectation. 
After that Harry did indeed have a hearty breakfast and as he made his way through bacon, two fried eggs, a couple of hash browns, mushrooms and four more rounds of toast Harry finally began to relax.   The occasional nervous glance around the room couldn’t detect anyone who even remotely looked as though they were watching, and by the time he had finished eating Harry felt considerably calmer than he had when had woken up those hours before with a strange woman in his bed. 
Feeling more than a little stuffed Harry soon found himself back in his hotel and feeling like just climbing back into bed and trying to forget the events of last night and this morning.  Instead though he fell back on the bed and starred up at the ceiling.  Things are definitely getting out if hand, Harry thought to himself as he considered everything that had happened recently.  But then nailed his sails to the masts of certain decisions that he had made over the last eighteen months or so and there was no going back now.  
That wasn’t completely untrue as Harry probably could to slip back into his former life and continue where he had left off.  But he had lost contact with most of his former friends and colleagues, and there would be a massive gap of almost two years that he would need to explain away.  Trying to start a new life, as he had decided to all those months ago, had been far easier to sip into.  New friends and acquaintances needed little or no explanation, just a convincing and consistent storyline that he could easily trot out as required.  The hard part had been trying to set up a new history for him in terms of education and employment as, while he did have some money in the bank, he would eventually need a source of income. 
New, very convincing false identity documents he had found surprisingly easy to come by, but the trouble would start when a new employer tried to get references and trace his background.  He was fairly confident that things were in place so that this would be relatively painless for Harry.  But there was always that nagging doubt that something could go wrong or that he had missed something.  In any case it may be too late now as he was pretty confident that the interview he had attended the day before went well enough for them to offer him the job.  If not then this whole trip would turn out to have been a complete waste of time. 
Speaking of time, Harry thought as he reached for his mobile and checked to make sure he wasn’t running late for his train.  And while he was still in time, he didn’t have much to spare so he all but sprang off the bed and quickly packed his things in his overnight bag.  No more than fifteen minutes later Harry was striding out of the room toward the elevator which would take him to reception so that he could check out.   Fifteen minutes after that he was climbing into a taxi that would take him the station in order to catch his train.  And he arrived at the station with more than enough time to buy a paper, a coffee for the trip back to Manchester and find the right platform.  All of which was done without any kind of incident whatsoever and Harry more than thankful that. 
With twenty minutes of the train leaving Euston station Harry found himself leaning back in his seat and trying to doze off.  While he didn’t mind long train journeys, Harry did like to try and close his and let his mind wonder a little, or failing that to read a newspaper, magazine or book.  Anything to try to make the journey go quicker, but regardless he soon found himself approaching his destination.

Chapter 3 
“How’d the interview go?” Ken Greene asked as he placed a pint glass down in front of Harry.  
“Good I think,” Harry replied as he took a first sip of the cold lager and he winced slightly as he tasted it.  It had been almost five days since the job interview in London and still he hadn’t heard anything.  This wasn’t too much of a worry for Harry, not yet anyway, as he knew that they would have a lot of candidates to see and then have to assess each one individually before making a final decision.
“Ahhh, you’ll be fine,” Ken said he drank long and deep from his own glass before setting it down on the table in front of him.  “But I should miss these mid-week drinking sessions of ours when you’ve moved to the Smoke,” Ken then said after another large mouthful of lager and Harry nodded in agreement.   They had been meeting at 3pm almost every Wednesday for the past fifteen months as it was the one day that Ken’s boss almost always used to work from home and he could slink away from the office early.  
As his wife had an aerobics class or something straight after work, Ken knew that he could be home around 6.30pm and still be there long before his wife.  And since she was usually exhausted from whatever after work activity it was that she did on a Wednesday, Ken knew that she wouldn’t nag him for drinking after work.  Not that he took much notice anyway, but there was a lot be said for a quiet life. 
“I bet you had a wild time while you were down there though, eh?” Ken asked in a nudge nudge wink wink kind of a way.  To which Harry didn’t say anything and just kind of smiled mischievously without saying anything.  “I knew it, you're a real Romeo on the quiet,” Ken said and Harry wished that he wouldn’t make such references to his womanizing ways every time they met.  Nothing could be further from the truth and in the whole time that they had known each other Harry had barely been on a single date.  That didn’t make much of difference and the less Harry said the more Ken said, especially when they were with their expanded group.  This rather suited Harry somewhat as it meant that Harry didn’t really have to say or do much other remain silent and look a little coy.  Except this time it was true that he had met someone, but that hadn’t either been planned or had gone as well as you would’ve liked. 
“Well there was someone actually,” Harry said trying to remain at least a little coy. “A woman,” Harry then added by way of explanation hoping that no more would be asked of him.
“Oh yeah,” Ken then said with more than a hint of vulgar mischievousness in his voice and the dirtiest expression on his face that you could imagine.  “I bet she was a right looker,” Ken said between drinks, and by had almost finished his pint. 
“Yes,” Harry replied taking a sip of his own and feeling a sudden flash of guilt over what had happened and wished he could quickly and cleanly change the subject, but neither could he think of anything interesting to say nor did he think that Ken would let the subject drop a easily as that.  “We met in a pub after the interview, had a few drinks and err spent the night together,” Harry then added by way of elaboration.
“Yeah and kept the rest of the guest awake most of the night no doubt,” Ken then added in the same vulgar tone of voice before draining the remainder of his glass.  To which Harry said nothing but smiled in his usually modest way.
“It wasn’t much more than a one nightstand,” Harry said and then finished his own drink.
“Yeah ‘cause one night was way too much pleasure for anyone woman, right?” Ken asked rhetorically as he rose to buy another round.  Sometime Harry didn’t know what he saw in these afternoon drinking sessions with Ken, and the others when they were able to join them, but then Ken asked very little of Harry except to be there, have a few drinks and listen to him moan about various subjects.  Even though it was never said, Harry could sense that Ken really did appreciate having someone who was able to just listen while he got a few things off his chest and who wouldn’t judge him, not matter what was said. 
On the other hand Harry thought that it was worth the laddish, or even sometimes loutish, behavior as it meant that Harry was able to keep up certain appearances to the outside world and would have someone who would attest to his character if it ever came to that.  Not that in the last eighteen months he had needed to rely on Ken for anything more than a few drinks a couple of times a week.   And for the time being that suited Harry just fine, in fact he had become quite found of Ken over time, not that he would ever admit to it of course. 
After Ken returned to their table the afternoon quickly reverted to type and their conversation returned to its usual array of subjects that included football, politics and of course the state of Ken’s marriage.  Which, while not quite on the verge of breaking up, wasn’t the most tranquil of romances and they often found themselves sailing through choppy waters and mostly had to do with Ken’s drinking and her occasional paranoid thoughts of Ken cheating on her.  And despite what Ken might say, or how he may seem to behave, Harry never thought that Ken was the sort of person who would actually cheat on their partners.  But then you never really someone,  Harry thought to himself as Ken once again started to bellyache about how Mandy, his wife, never really seemed to trust him completely and Harry thought about his own duplicitous predicament.
“Sometimes you don’t start out meaning to deceive someone,” Harry found himself saying aloud during a gap in Ken’s almost continuous monologue.  
“I suppose not,” Ken said as he was stopped dead almost mind sentence, surprised by Harry’s intervention.  “Speaking from experience?” Ken asked realizing for a moment that he’d never really heard anything Harry’s romantic past, or even about Harry himself if he were being honest.  But then it had never really seemed to matter until that moment that he knew next to nothing about his erstwhile drinking companion. 
“Oh, oh no, not really,” Harry said trying to back track from his statement and giving himself a moment to think about what he should say by taking a longer than normal drink from his pint.  “I just mean that sometimes things just get out of hand, “he then said smiling over the top of his pint.
“Oh,” Ken said wondering for a moment exactly what Harry meant, “you like buying your wife expensive perfume as a surprise and then trying to cover yourself when she finds out so that it can still be a surprise?”  Ken asked, despite being more than a little surprised. 
“Exactly,” Harry then said realizing that had provided him with the perfect get out and he vowed he would be more circumspect in what he said from now on.  Phew that was close, Harry added to himself when Ken picked up almost from the exact word he had been about to utter when Harry had interrupted him. 
***
Just after 6pm Ken had announced that he’d better be off as he wouldn’t be able to get home and be sober for when Mandy got home and he didn’t want to have another row with her if he could avoid it.  Harry nodded in a knowing way as if he understood exactly what Ken meant, and that he somewhat agreed with him.  
Even though wanted to say to Ken that it would probably be better if he were honest with Mandy said that he had been in the pub having a few drinks with friend instead of pretending of pretending that he had just come in from work it would probably be better in the long, Harry said nothing.  For one thing saying so would’ve broken some unwritten rule where you agree with whatever  a mate says about their partner regardless of whether you agree with it or not.   And secondly pointing out someone else’s duplicity while remaining silent about his own unmentioned lies, which were equally about laying the impression of being something he wasn’t, would make Harry a huge hypocrite.
For someone in Harry’s position not liking hypocrites may to some have appeared to be counter intuitive, it was one of the things that Harry clung to that he thought gave him sort of moral fortitude.  While he may not always have lived up to such high standards he did try to be consistent, and he tried so he tried to justify his little slip up with Susan.
The moment the door to his pokey little bedsit, Harry rested his back against the door and breathed a sigh of relief.  It was almost 7pm and he had gotten through yet another day without any word regarding his illicit encounter with Susan in London and, more importantly, without discovering his little secret.  Well it wasn’t so little as to be one of those forgivable secrets that one often kept like not returning a library book or eating the last of the biscuits.  This was a big secret that could probably get Harry into a lot of trouble and had resulted in him starting something of a new life that had been ‘born’ no more than two years previously when a beloved part of his previous life had come crumbling down around his ears.
It was one of things that, like a lot of secrets, began small with him trying to step away from the life had known and the friends he had once held dear and start to look into the dark unknown that represented the fresh start  he was looking for.  That was partly how he had met Ken, Harry had been drinking that same pub he had just come from and then two sort of just bumped into each other.  It was busy that day, as Harry remembered, and they had just started chatting about this or that.  It soon grew out of that and into a weekly thing.
In all this time Harry never mentioned to Ken what he was hiding, or even that he was hiding anything at all, and tried to reveal just enough of his life before they met to keep Ken from becoming suspicious,  but not enough for him to work out Harry’s dirty little secret.  In any case here behind closed doors, and away from the prying eyes of outsiders, Harry felt at least a little bit secure in his grotty little bedsit.  It wasn’t much, but it was enough to allow him to relax a little bit and not to worry too much about being discovered.
There were times when Harry really hated having to come back to this dive, considering what he had been used to previously, especially since it always seemed to be far too empty and isolated.   But there were other times when he felt more relived to be back here and able to close the door on the outside world and be somewhere where only he knew his secret and there was no one around who could find him out. 
It wasn’t completely secure of course, being a kind of self-contained room in a larger house that was made up of five other such rooms.  Each of which had their own kitchen, for what it was worth being so small there probably wasn’t even enough room to swing a gerbil.  While Harry considered not having to share a kitchen with anyone else being a considerable bonus there was one major drawback, all the rooms shared a communal bathroom and a separate toilet that could be used if the bathroom was in use the time of dire need.  And at first Harry, being a rather shy and, especially recently, private person had been more than a little nervous of such an arrangement.   While there was a lock on the door, there was the no small matter of getting to and from it when he wanted to shower and the like. 
But it didn’t take him long to work out the routines of the other tenants and manage to organize himself in such a way that he would be undisturbed as much as possible.  Otherwise, it very much suited his needs for the time being, but he would have to find something else if he were to move to London. 
Chapter 4 
All the next night Harry lay awake starring up at the ceiling, his mind whirring through the various scenarios and possibilities that the choices he had made could lead to and none of them seemed even remotely good.  The least bad scenario involved Harry going to prison for fraud for using a false name in order to gain some kind of financial reward, whether it be the salary he hoped to earn from the job at the bank to any insurance payout that he had received over the last couple of years.  The worst of which could amount to a murder charge, which would be hard for him to defend with laying out the full sordid details of his deceptions.  Most of which he found it hard to explain to anyone, especially to himself. 
It's not as if I intentionally planned all of this, Harry argued with the unseen accuser of his own conscious.  It just started out as a bit of fun, a bit of any escape, and surely people will realize that, he then found himself justifying to the darkness that seemed to close in on him as he lay there like a gang of interrogators out to extract the truth from him.   As he heard the creak of the settling stairs outside of his room Harry forced himself to rollover onto his side and pushed all thoughts of what could happen out of his mind as surely the next day would be the day he got the good about the job at the bank in London.
As Harry drifted off to sleep he realized that his immediate anxieties stemmed not just from the ill-advised encounter with Susan, but also from the unexpected and troublesome visit from his creepy landlord Matt Russell.  Who Harry was certain a fine and decent fellow, but there was just something about him that made Harry shudder right down his spine from the moment he first him.  A feeling that Harry, at the time, was sure would go away with the passing of time as he got to know him, but it never did seem to ease.  Even now after almost eighteen months of living in is this bedsit and seeing Matt every so often to pay rent and the like the nagging worry that there something odd about him never seemed to go away.
Physically Matt was a little shorter than Harry and had a very slight frame and smallish head that was proportionate in size to his body.  The man had a slight hunch appearance to his shoulders that seemed to push his head forward and he had small glasses with round lenses.  His overall appearance raised thoughts of certain stereotypes in Harry’s mind, all of which Harry had tried hard, and frequently, to push out of his head.  But no matter how hard he tried the ill feeling never really left him. 
Maybe it was the fact that Harry often, when he couldn’t sleep, would see Matt creeping around the house late at night or early in the morning.  And while couldn’t fault the man for trying to be quiet while others slept, Harry couldn’t help but wonder why he was doing it  or what he was doing at such strange hours of the day, or the rather night. 
 In any case on the Thursday afternoon after he had met up with Ken, there came a soft knocking on Harry’s door and his mind immediately rushed to the possibility that Susan had finally some to her senses and made complaint against him.  The knocking on the door therefore, he reasoned, must have been the police who had managed to track him down from the hotel.   Harry’s heart started to pump at a mile a minute as he frantically looked around his room for a way out.  But the door was the only sure way in or out room, and outside there were the police who surely here it arrest him.  For a moment he considered making a dash for it by climbing out of the window, but then he dismissed this absurd idea as the police would have that escape route covered anyway.
Out of apparent options, Harry closed the gap between where he had been sitting and the door in no more than a few strides and all too soon for his liking Harry found himself standing by the door with his hand reached out ready to open it.  He took one last deep breath to steady his nerves and then, bracing himself for the in rushing burly police officers who he was convinced were about to barge their way, he opened the door.
“Yes?” He queried the unknown and unexpected visitor with his eyes closed in anticipation of the worst. 
“Harry,” said the soft masculine, but all too familiar, voice that belonged to his landlord Matt Russell.  “I'm glad I caught you,” Matt then added when Harry acknowledged his presence, even though the words ‘caught you’ sent a shiver down his spine.  
“Oh?” Harry queried in feigned innocence, trying to remember when he last paid rent or even when had last cleaned his flat, hoping that he had done so before he had left for London and mentally telling himself that he planned to have a tidy up later day after he had run some errands or some such other reasonable excuse. 
“Can I come in?” Matt asked in such a tone that was clearly more a statement of his intent than an actual request that Harry could in all honesty refuse. 
“Sure,” Harry said his heart starting to race again and the he turned away from the door so that the other man may enter. Matt then positioned himself in the middle of the room and ran his beady little eyes over the room scanning for any sign of wrong doing on Harry’s behalf.  As Matt’s head turned around the room on his neck like some kind of surveillance camera on its bracket Harry could feel his palms getting sweaty from the anxious anticipation of the reason behind this visit.
“Do you know Emily Baxter is?” Matt asked, his eyes now firmly fixed on Harry as if they were trying to peer into his and probe his thoughts.  Oh fuck, I've been found out; Harry thought and had to work hard to stop the panic from overwhelming him. 
“Why do you ask?” Harry queried trying to buy for himself so that he could come up with some kind, any kind, of plausible excuse. 
“When you were away in London last week some mail came for her,” Matt said reaching into his pocket and pulling the now rather dog eared letter.  “You do know that this is a single room and you're not allowed overnight guests without letting me know?” Matt then added caressing the envelope loving as if it were a smoking gun and that it contained undeniable evidence against Harry and his unwelcome girlfriend.  Is that all? Harry thought to himself and breathed out a massive sigh of relief that he hoped Matt hadn’t noticed.   
“You’ve not got anyone living here with you, have you?” Matt then asked being more direct and pointing the envelope in Harry’s direction.  “That would be a clear violation of the lease,” he added o a serious note. 
“No, no, not at all,” Harry stammered while he tried to buy even more time to come up with a plausible explanation.  “She’s, she’s,” Harry said pausing while an idea formed in his mind.  “She’s overseas travelling,” he then found the words exploding out of his mouth almost like projectile vomit before he’d had a proper chance to think the idea through before saying anything.  Yes that’s it, he thought to himself triumphantly, abroad and travelling in Australia.  Harry hoped that he hadn’t said that bit out loud. 
“Then why are you getting mail for her?” Matt added looking very confused.  “I mean I'm sure they’ve been letters here before, but I didn’t quite twig it then,” he added searching his memory other times he’d seen mail for names he didn’t recognize.
“That’s because,” Harry paused and wondered whether he should at least give part of the truth.  Well it would more plausible than anything I could think up, Harry persuaded himself that it's time he came partially clean.  “That’s because it's a cheque from an insurance settlement a few years ago,” he then explained more or less truthfully.
“Oh, but don’t they tend to pay out in lump sums?” Matt asked still looking more than a little confused and Harry wondered whether he was going for it.  
“Yes, but,” Harry started to say, but then had to pause so that he could get the words right.  “But Emily got them to set it up as some kind of trust and pay her in regular payments instead of a lump sum,” Harry finally said, hoping that it would be convincing enough. 
“Then are you getting them?” Matt asked still not wholly buying it.  That’s a good point; Harry conceded to himself and wondered what he had told Matt about his background so that he wouldn’t get caught up in a lie. 
“I mean she’d have to be a very good friend as didn’t you say you didn’t have any brothers or sisters?” Matt said not giving Harry any room to maneuver.  Bugger I did say that, Harry said to himself. 
“Sister in law,” Harry said slowly as if that would make it sound more convincing, but then realized he had to find a way to make it said reasonable why he was no longer married and was on such good terms with his sister in law.  “Sister of my late wife who died a couple of years ago and now Emily is travelling around Australia trying to get over the guilt as she was driving at the time,” Harry said almost mentally handing himself a shovel to dig himself into a rather deep pit here and not leaving himself much of chance to get of it if Matt didn’t go for this.
“Oh I see,” Matt sad, still not looking as if he were wholly convinced, but Harry still hoped he had done enough to get his landlord off his back. “I'm sorry to hear that,” he then added handing over the letter.  “Don’t forget your rent is due in a couple of weeks,” Matt then added as more of an afterthought as he turned to head toward the door.
As the door closed behind Matt Harry stood rooted to the spot with the letter in his right hand held out in the same position as when he had received it from Matt a few moments earlier.  He just stood there dumbfounded that he had actually managed to talk his way out of that awkward situation with a story that he had managed to cobbled together on the spur of the moment with a loose combination of the truth and fabrication that was rather more convincing than he expected at the time.
Harry wasn’t sure how long he stood there in stunned disbelief, but he couldn’t bring himself to move until he was sure that Matt wasn’t coming back.  When he was sure, and could finally relax somewhat, Harry breathed out a huge sigh of relief and almost collapsed on the spot, such was his release of anxiety at that moment.  He was then able to bring himself to open the letter and he stared at the expected cheque that was contained within. 
“Thank you Emily Baxter,” Harry then said aloud as he kissed the letter in thanks at its timely arrival.  But I really must get my story straight in advance in future , Harry said quietly to himself determined to learn from this experience and not to get caught having to make something up that risked the chance of him being caught.
Retrieving the cash card from his drawer, Harry knew he would have the simple matter of paying the cheque into Emily’s account.  But this didn’t usually cause him many problems as banks not to worry too much about money being paid into an account; it was more trying to get it out again that had been the issue in the first place.  Still he’d long managed to work out a system that had worked well for him over the last eighteen months.
This didn’t really help Harry when he was lying in bed later that night trying to get off to sleep, but having the constant anxiety of being caught wondering through his mind.  Still there didn’t seem to be much of a threat from Matt, the landlord, it was just the issue of fraud relating to those cheques that worried him.  Not to mention what the police might find if they started to look into what had happened to Emily Baxter.  It wasn’t as if he had started out with the intention of killing her or causing her any kind of harm, it's just that things had gotten rather out of hand far too quickly and he’d lost control of the situation, without having had a proper exit strategy in place.  Not to mention his encounter with Susan, at least in his mind of course, further complicated matters. 
Still no sense losing sleep over it, Harry thought to himself as he turned over onto his side and pulled the duvet close in around him.  There's always tomorrow, was the last thing that filtered through Harry’s mind before he finally fell asleep. 
Chapter 5
Unfortunately it wasn’t the peaceful and restful sleep that Harry had been looking forward to all day.  And ever since he had received that letter, hand delivered to him by his creepy landlord, Harry’s mind had been all a blur of all sorts of unpleasant scenarios.  While his landlord seemed to accept his almost true story about the late Emily, there was no way for Harry to really know whether he would just leave it at that or whether he would make further inquiries.  It probably wouldn’t have taken his landlord much effort to have found out that beyond about two years ago Harry Wright wasn’t Harry Wright and that the real Harry Wright had in fact died in a car crash.  It had just been a massive coincidence that Harry had been able to take over the poor man’s identity.
There Harry had been sitting in a café, going under the name John Bailey at the time, when in Harry Wright walked.  The place was busier than normal for a midafternoon and there weren’t any spare tables.  Harry, or rather John, was sitting there trying to loose himself behind a newspaper when the real Harry Wright wondered over. 
“You mind if I sit here?” Harry had said in a rather gruff northern accent that made John winch a little.
“Pardon?” John said in the politest voice he could muster and looking around the newspaper to see the barely shaven interloper who had just clanged a mug of some dreary liquid that passed for tea down to the table.
“You mind if I sit here?” Harry then repeated his query in the same gruff tones as before.  While john would rather have been left alone, he saw no reason object and gave his assent with an indifferent shrug of his shoulders and a polite enough “Sure”.  With that Harry planted himself down on the chair and took a few slurps from his cup and starred almost straight ahead in John’s direction.  Which john found more than a little unsettling.
“So what do you do?” Harry asked casually wondering why someone was sitting in a café almost 3pm wearing a full suit and tie.  
“Oh I'm between jobs at the moment,” john replied conversationally without looking up from his newspaper.
“Yeah, me too,” Harry replied to an unasked question with more than a hint of resentment in his voice.  “I was on a temp contract when they asked to leave one afternoon,” he then added with all the wounded pride of a not so innocent person. 
“Didn’t they give you a reason? “ John asked barely interested in keeping this conversation going but not really wanting to leave yet.
“Something about cutbacks and needing to shed temp staff,” he added as someone brought over his food.  “They said ‘it wasn’t anything personal’, but don’t they always?” Harry then added taking a noisy bite out of his bacon and egg sandwich, and John could smell the appetizing aroma of the bacon grease, which made his stomach rubble even though John felt more than a little stuffed from the large meal that he hadn’t long finished.
While Harry bolted down the sandwich Harry continued to rubble on about the inequalities and unfairness that existed in the world, especially those that seemed to affect him personally, and John managed to mumble something that was both polite and noncommittal from behind the newspaper. If he were being honest John was barely interested in what the other man had to say.   When Harry had finished eating looked at his watch and then stared into the space just beyond John as though answers to his problems were writing on the wall behind John. 
“You going to be here long, mate?” Harry said in John’s general direction. 
“I guess so, at least 10 or 15 minutes,” John replied not really sure how much longer he would be hanging around and wondering whether he should in fact leave now.  It wasn’t as if he were waiting for anything specific, it was more a case of just wasting time between this and that. 
“Good, be back in a mo mate,” Harry said pushing the chair back from the table and standing up.  “Then I have an offer for ya,” Harry then added before he turned wandered off in the general direction of the toilets.
“Ok,” John said more to Harry’s back than anything as he watched the other man wonder off.  From just behind his newspaper John could see that Harry had left his jacket hanging off the back of his chair and, at the same moment, he also noticed the bulge in the jacket’s pocket.  After gazing around the café John could see that there wasn’t anyone looking in his general vicinity.   He then serendipitously reached around the table and felt the pocket of Harry’s jacket.
Inside there was what felt like a wallet and a set of keys, and it seemed that Harry had been silly enough to leave these in his jacket pocket unattended with only a complete stranger to watch over them.  John’s eyes then slowly scanned around the general area where he was and, seeing he was again unobserved, John quickly stood and casually picked up the jacket as he walked out of the café.  As he headed toward the door John managed to keep his attention stiffly focused on the exit and casually he opened to leave. 
As he covered the short distance from where he had been sitting to the door John could feel his heart beating faster and harder in his chest and for just a brief few seconds he thought that it might even beat so fast and hard that it would burst out of his chest.  John then felt the cool air of a spring afternoon’s breeze on his face, that felt refreshing after the stuffiness of the café, but that did nothing to relax his mind that expected Harry to come rushing out of the café at any moment to confront him.
Without looking back John hurried around the nearest corner, trying to walk quickly without looking like he was rushing.  Then turned into a little side alley and, pressing his back against the wall, took a deep breath and waited for the inevitable. 
Five, or even ten minutes, passed before John was even able to consider bringing himself to look around the corner of the wall for any sign of pursuit for the fear that the minute he did so he would be confronted  by the man whose jacket he now wore guiltily around his shoulders.  When, eventually, there was no sign of his would be pursuer, John eventually looked around the wall and could see no sign of Harry.  He then ducked back around the wall and took another deep breath, then after quietly counting to ten John strode off in the direction he had been fleeing away from the scene of his crime. 
Instead of being able to use his own car, as John now had the keys, Harry had to get a lift with a friend of his that afternoon.  Who, being a few times over the legal alcohol limit, careered off the road and crashed his car into another vehicle, resulting in both the driver and the passenger, Harry, being killed.  At the same time John was posing as Harry to buy a train ticket to Manchester with the money he had found in Harry’s wallet.  After that John found it easy enough to slip into using the identity of Harry Wright, barely aware that had it not been for his intervention then Harry hadn’t been killed. 
It wasn’t being at least partially responsible for at least one man’s death that kept Harry awake in the early hours of that morning.  It was his culpability in setting in motion the events that lead to a fatal car crash that kept him passing back and forth his ill-gotten bedsit.  It was more the connection between himself, Harry’s true identity that is, and Emily Baxter that worried him.  A connection he wasn’t quite yet ready, or able, to sever.  If someone were able to make the connection between him and Emily Baxter then Harry could soon see everything come crashing about his ears.  And that was enough to keep Harry up most of the night and pacing back and forth wondering whether his landlord would be able to see past his little subterfuge or just accept his on face value.
Chapter 6 
“Mr. Wright?”  The vaguely female voice on the other end of the telephone said as Harry answered it.
“Yes,” Harry replied hesitantly as he hadn’t recognized the number and tried not to answer the phone without knowing who was calling as he hated being bothered by cold calling sales people. 
“This is Ms. Ellis from GRB Ltd,” the name didn’t really mean much to Harry but it did have a familiar ring to it, even though he wasn’t sure he may have heard it before. 
“Ok,” Harry replied just has warily as before trying to be as noncommittal as possible in case he was drawn into agreeing to something.
“We interviewed you a couple of weeks ago for the position of office manager in our international trading section,” she then continued as if this should mean something to Harry.  Oh get to the point, Harry thought to himself wishing that she would just come out and say whatever it was she was calling to tell him.  “The good news is that we’ve decided to offer you the job,” she then said finally after another couple of minutes of preamble about how difficult he decision had been and how strong all the candidates had been and so on and so forth.  She had prattled in so much in fact that Harry had almost lost interest in this conversation and had started to feel his concentration wonder a little. 
“Pardon?” Was all that he managed to say as he wondered whether she had said what he thought she had said, or whether he had phased out of this conversation so much that he had imagined the whole thing. 
“I said we’d decided to offer you the job,” Ms. Ellis then repeated confirming that Harry had indeed heard her correctly.
“Eh that’s excellent news, when do I start?  What was the salary again?” Harry blurted out before the news had even started to sink and he’d had a chance to consider the implications, or even to formally accept the offer.  And these were just two of a multitude of different questions that had flown into Harry’s mind in that microsecond after hearing the good news. 
“Does that mean you’ll take it?” Ms. Ellis replied his to his questions one of her own. 
“Oh, yes of course, yes I’d love to take it,” Harry blurted out again before he had the chance to think through what he was going to say, and was more than a little glad that he hadn’t sworn or said something equally regrettable.
“Good, I will of course confirm the full of employment in writing the next day or so,” Ms. Ellis then continued to say barely giving Harry enough time to finish his sentence.  It seemed to Harry almost as if she had a set form of words that she would trot out every time she was in the same position, which didn’t seem to be too much of a bad thing to Harry as he mulled it over in his mind a few hours later.
“This is conditional on you satisfactorily passing out usual pre-employment checks,” she then added while Harry wondered what he should next, if anything.
“Oh yeah, yeah of course,” Harry said mentally swallowing hard as this was one of the moments that he had been half worrying about.  Whether or not his recent history would stand up to scrutiny would be revealed in the next few weeks.  But Harry though that he had taken sufficient steps to ensure that a superficial check would come back clean, or at least clean enough for him to start work.  
“Along with our offer letter I will also send you out our standard pre-employment pack.  And the quicker you return to us the required forms then the quicker we can get things moving at this end,” Ms. Ellis then added still sticking to her standard script.
“Oh yeah, yeah of course,” Harry said mentally crossing his fingers that things would work out in his favor. 
“YES!!” Harry exclaimed when he was eventually able to out the phone down a few minutes later.  Looks like things are starting to go my way; Harry thought it a rather more subdued fashion as he started to text his friend Ken.
***
“So what's the job again?” Ken asked for the umpteenth time since they had met up in the pub that Wednesday afternoon. 
“Office manager with some bank,” Harry replied for the umpteenth time, but even the repetitiveness of having to answer the same question over and over again couldn’t shake the broad grin that had been on Harry’s lips ever since he had received the telephone call from that woman Ms. Elis.  Since then he had also received the offer and the forms that she had mentioned on the phone to him. It all seemed pretty standard to Harry and had been asking for copies of his ID and personal/professional reference.  All of which he had been able to provide, but Harry was still concerned about what the people he had named as referees would come back and say. 
This was especially the case as the last two employers had been those of the real Harry Wright, who had died a couple of years ago, but who had mentioned to Harry he had been made redundant.  It had been very easy for Harry to slip into using the deadman’s identity, and he had even been able to track down his flat.  Pretending to be Harry Wright he had managed to persuade the passport office to issue him a new passport based in the fact that he had lost his own, and providing new photos.  At the time he had actually been surprised how easy it had been, mind you had also been able to find a copy of the late Harry Wright’s birth certificate at his flat.  
To this day he from time to time expected a knock on his door from the police about identity theft, but each time he’d had such thought Harry managed to push to the far recesses of his made as deadmen tended not to complain about such things.  But that didn’t stop the idea from coming back to the forefront of his mind from time to time.   And now it was more relevant than ever as this was the first real time he had tried to use the Harry Wright’s credentials like this.
“I didn’t know you had a banking background,” Ken asked when he had returned with their third pint of lager of the afternoon.
“I don’t,” Harry replied.  Not that you actually know much about my background anyway, Harry added to himself and smiled politely as he sipped away at his drink. 
“Oh, so then how’d you get the job?” Ken then asked now getting curious about what Harry hadn’t been telling him for the first time in ages.
“I guess I just managed to convince them that I would make an excellent office manager,” Harry said with a wry grin knowing that he had virtually bullshitted his way through the entire interview.  Still if he could get through the checks and get himself established at the bank then just maybe he could maintain the illusion long enough for him to gain competence as a manager.  Before he started though Harry thought he would try and bone up on some of financial rules and practices so that he wouldn’t be completely out of his depth. 
“What's that pay like?” Ken then asked after drinking deeply from him glass a couple of times. 
“£50k,” Harry said with a self-satisfied smile.  “I mean they still have to do background checks and the like,” Harry then added in order to move the conversation away from his possible salary.
“Fuck me!” Ken managed to exclaim when the figure finally registered.  “Yeah but for a standup guy like you that shouldn’t be a problem,” Ken added.  If only you knew, Harry replied to himself, and he couldn’t help but smile smugly.   
“Yeah, but you never really know how these things are going to go,” Harry said aloud trying to play down his chances.
“So you going to move to London,” Ken asked wondering what he’ll do on Wednesday afternoons when Harry left. 
“Yes, once everything is confirmed I’ll find a place,” Harry replied. 
“Yeah then there’ll be you prowling the pub and clubs of London, the women won't stand a chance,” Ken said in that vulgar voice of his that Harry found more than a little irritating, and he just smiled with more than a hint of embarrassment.  He had never been one to boast about his sexual conquest, and rather looked down on those who did.  In Harry’s experience it was mostly bravado with very little to actually back it up with.
“Maybe even look that Susan up and hook up again, eh?” Ken then said in the same tone of voice as before. 
 Oh I didn’t manage to get her number,” Harry said, almost sure that he was now blushing somewhat.
“Oh yeah, I bet she can’t wait to see you again,” Ken then added looking at Harry for some kind of confirmation that he would be looking for a repeat performance with a former partner.  Oh I doubt very much that she’d even want to see me again after what happened, Harry thought to himself, but let Ken maintain the impression of the impressive nature of his performance that night. 
“Yeah that’s what I thought,” Ken said taking Harry’s silence as confirmation that he was right about Harry’s intentions for when he moved to the capital.
After that the conversation ebbed and flowed from one topic to the other and when things eventually moved onto the state of Ken’s marriage Harry listened attentively as usual.  He managed to nod and smile in all the right places, and offer the odd suggestion as to how Ken could perhaps improve things without going so far as to suggestion that his friend was ever  in the wrong.  Harry couldn’t help but think that he had heard this all before and that Ken was just waking over old ground for the sake of moaning.  But then Harry didn’t mind too much as, if things were to go his way, he wouldn’t have to listen this for much longer, and that thought coaxed a sly smile on to his lips. 
From time to time Harry was able to drift out of the conversation and let Ken do most of the talking without the other man really noticing that Harry wasn’t paying much attention to what he was saying.  During these distant moments Harry wondered about all the different things that he would have to do before he could take up his job in London.  These ranged from the obvious like trying to arrange a place to live, which shouldn’t really be that much of an issue,  to the more obscure like he thought that he might look at buying a couple of new suits in order to create something of a good impression when he started on is first day.
In any case what may or may not need to be done, Harry resolved to sit down when things were confirmed and draw up a list of things that would need to be done.  Then he could go through everything and draw up a budget for the move.  Harry may or may not be many things, but one thing that he had always tried to be was to be methodical and go about things in a systematic way.  That way he wouldn’t miss anything when he did in fact move.  
By the time this thought meandered its way into Harry’s mind he was almost all the way through his fifth pint and was feeling more than a little drunk, as in Ken’s word he was ‘something of a light weight’ when it came to alcohol.   Harry also realized that he needed to pee, but knew that the pub was too far from his bedsit for him to be able to hold it until he got home. 
“Excuse me for a mo, I just need to go to the erm,” Harry said to Ken drunkenly pointing on the general direction of the toilets.  He the staggered through the now filling up bar and managed to push his was past various bodies in order to reach his destination.  When he reached it, Harry gingerly pushed open the door and quickly scanned around the room.  Seeing that there was no one else about he stepped in nervously made his way to the only cubicle, which was fortunately unoccupied and he slipped in side.
Oh fuck, Harry thought as he saw that here was no lock on the door and he couldn’t help but think of much he hated these places. 
Chapter 7
“There's always the life insurance policy,” Detective Sargent Illingworth said in matter of fact way that did nothing to help Detective Inspector Peters’ mood.  In fact it only served to irritate the more senior police officer more as it only served to remind him that he didn’t really have leads on this case, assuming that there was a case in the first place. 
“What life ‘insurance policy’?” He asked grumpily as he looked up from the file he had been looking through. 
“The one Mrs. Baxter took out on her husband before he died,” the Sargent replied knowing full well that the Inspector wasn’t particularly annoyed with him specifically it was just that this case had seemed as though it was going nowhere.   Detective Inspector Peters knew that Emily Baxter was dead, and hadn’t just disappeared as was commonly thought.  The trouble was that in the two years, or perhaps a little more than that, since she had disappeared here hadn’t been any sightings of her whatsoever and there hadn’t been any sign of her body. 
The bank accounts that she had normally used had been dormant virtually since the day that she seemed to have walked out on her life and job.  There hadn’t been a single cash withdrawal, card payment or even an attempted online purchase made on any of her accounts; not even for a train ticket. And all that made DI Peters even more suspicious than usual.  
If Emily Baxter had indeed just simply walked out on her life then DI Peters reasoned that she must have needed money to live on, to buy food and pay for rent or any of the myriad of things that most normal people would need to in order to survive from day to day.  He that there had been no activity because he had been able to put a track on her bank accounts after the first week she had been missed had gotten her bank to track back for the period from she had last been seen leaving work to when he had put the check on her accounts in place.  Neither had turned up anything at all, even though there had been almost £500 in her current account and nearly double that in her savings account.
As no one would leave almost £1,500 in their bank account untouched for this amount of time, DI Peters knew that she was dead.  But as yet he couldn’t prove it and had no real leads, other than a strange man who had been seen in and around where she lived in the six months prior to Mrs. Baxter disappearing.   No one in the area could quite place this stranger, even though most people who had seen him had said that he looked vaguely familiar, but yet no one could quite place where or when they had seen this man before.  And as far as DI Peters was able to tell no one had seen this man since she had vanished and even a television appeal on the local news had turned up no real leads. 
“What about it?” DI Peters said with more frustration than he had intended to show as they had been trying to get information out of the insurance company more months now.  This was something that was frustrated by the fact that they didn’t have any real evidence of a crime being committed and certainly didn’t have any evidence that Emily Baxter had been kidnapped, or worse.
“National Mutual Insurance have confirmed that they have being paying out every quarter or so for the last 2 years,” DS Illingworth said ignoring his bosses foul mood, which was pretty much normal when he was stuck on a cast that was going nowhere.
“How have they been paying it?” DI Peters asked more interested in his sergeant now than when the man had walked in a few minutes ago. 
“By cheque sir,” DS Illingworth said after having a quick look at his notebook to make sure that he had remembered the details correctly.  “They said that they had been sending the cheques to an address in Manchester for over a year,” he added as DI Peters indicated for him to continue.  
“Well that’s something,” the DI said when Illingworth had stopped talking.  “Did they say what the address was?” He then asked with more hope than he had felt in many months.
“No, they said since there wasn’t any indication of fraud then they wouldn’t divulge that information,” DS Illingworth added and as he did he could see the hope physically drain from his bosses eyes that had suddenly sparked to life with his initial report.
“Damn,” DI Peters exclaimed trying not to let his disappointment get the better of him, “back to square one then I guess.”  He then clenched his fists tightly and had to stop himself from slamming them down on the desk in front of him.  There may have been times in the past when he would have allowed himself the take his frustration out on the nearest object, or at times even the nearest person, in a violent outburst, but over the last decade he had managed to get his impetuous outbursts under control and himself more focused on the task at hand.  
Deep down in the pit of his stomach he knew that someone had done something to Emily Baxter, and that was all that he needed to keep him from dropping this case as just another missing person.  There was something else going on here and he knew it, after almost twenty-five years working as a police officer he trusted his feeling and instinct on case more than anything.  Here there was just something that didn’t seem to add up to DI Peters and he was determined to find out what it was.
“Illingworth,” he started to say to the sergeant who was now standing there waiting for further instructions, “that poor woman is dead and I know it.  Now someone is cashing in her husband’s life insurance policy and I want to know who it is,” he the said with steely intent.
“But where do we go from here?” The Sergeant asked wondering what the Detective Inspector had in mind. 
“Honestly?” DI Peters asked rhetorically with more than a hint of resignation about his tone. “I have no idea,” he then added clearly not knowing what he should do next.
“Couldn’t we get a warrant to force the insurance company to let us have the address?” DS Illingworth then suggested as he saw that his boss was considering his next move.
“Maybe,” DI Peters said considering the idea and then dismissing it, “but we don’t really have any evidence of wrong at the moment.” Which was true, regardless of whether he liked the situation or not, there was nothing he could do at the moment to change that fact.  “But maybe there is something that we could do,” DI Peters then as he flicked through the file in front of him thoughtfully. 
“What's that sir?” DS Illingworth asked trying to work out what his boss was thinking and where they could possibly go with this case that would lead them out the cul-de-sac that it had already led them up.
“Wait,” the DI then said without looking up from the file that was now starting to get engrossed in.
“If someone is fraudulently cashing those cheques then sooner or later they’ll make a mistake,” he then added when he saw that DS Illingworth was still standing there waiting to hear what he had to say on their next move.  “On the other hand if Mrs. Baxter is just missing and cashing those cheques then she’ll turn up,” he then added not happy with the situation but having to live with the realization that there were several active cases that he could be pursuing that had actual leads to follow up instead of this wild goose chase that didn’t seem to be going anywhere.  And one thing he had learned over the years was to be patient. 
In the case of Emily Baxter, as DI Peters could tell anyway, there wasn’t anyone in immediate harm and even if they were there was no way at present for him to find out where they were being held. And there was every bit the case that if Mrs. Baxter had been kidnapped then she would probably have been killed several months ago, as DI Peters didn’t think that whoever had taken would have kept her alive this long without making some kind of ransom demand.  But then there didn’t seem to be anyone to make a demand of, let alone Mrs. Baxter being worth the risk anyway.
This case was going nowhere and sooner or later whoever was cashing the life insurance would make a mistake.  When they did DI Peters would be ready to take advantage of that mistake and until then he would just have to be patient.  Whether he liked it or not and DI Peters certainly didn’t like just having to sit on a case and wait for the next move. 
***
It was a cool summer’s afternoon a couple of months and DI Peters was sitting in his car parked opposite, and a little way away from, Emily Baxter’s house.  He had made some enquiries previously and while it hadn’t as yet been sold, he couldn’t find any indication that it had been rented out either.  Just prior to when Mrs. Baxter had last been seen a young man, probably in his twenties and 5’7 with short dark hair, had been seen coming and going on a semi regular basis for a few weeks.  There hadn’t been many sightings of Mrs. Baxter around the same time.  There was no sign of forced entry or any sign of a struggle.
They had even been able to have the house watched for a few days after her disappearance had been reported, but there had been no sighting of either this young man or even Mrs. Baxter herself.  In fact there had been sign of any callers at all, except for the usual postal deliveries from Royal Mail.  For all intents and purposes the place looked as though it had been abandoned, with what looked all of Mrs. Baxter’s belongings still in the house.  Which was one of the things that really didn’t add up to DI Peters and made him think that she had been killed somewhere along the line, but that it hadn’t been done here at the house. 
What am I doing here? DI Peters had wondered to himself several times over the past three hours as he sat there sipping coffee that tasted as though it was long past it's best in the vain hope that something would happen.  There had been, almost two hours ago now, a moment of hope when a car had pulled up right outside the house and a man stepped out.  Even though to DI Peters he looked too old and tall to be the man he was looking for DI Peters had perked up and focused all his attention on this stranger. 
The man walked up and down the street a couple of times as he looked the front of the house over as if he were looking for something himself.  Then he stood right on the edge of the pavement, just y the side of his car, and pulled out his mobile phone.  This he pulled up to his eye line and stood still for a couple of minutes, and while he did DI Peters wondered what he was up.  For a moment he thought that he had imagined it, but DI Peters was certain that he had seen a slight flash come from the vicinity of his phone and then it happened again, and a third time. For whatever reason the man was seemed to be taking photos of the outside of Mrs. Baxter’s house, which certainly hadn't been listed with any of the estate agents in the area.
Then the man seemed to speak into his phone for a few minutes and while he did DI Peters strained his eyes to train and make out the registration of the car, which he then noted down in his notebook.  The man finished his call, got back into his car and drove off.  As he did so DI Peters tried to think of all the possibilities that could account for this peculiar behavior.  The most likely was that he was from some estate agent or other and was taking photos for their listing, but then why not go into the house as well and take interior shots?  If that was the case then who had instructed them and was the intention to sell or to rent it out?
“This is DI Peters, registration check please,” DI Peters said into his radio after the man had left and gave the operator the registration he had noted down.
“Registered owner is Bryce Howard,” the operator said after a pause of a couple of minutes while she waited for the information to come through on her computer and she then gave DI Peters the address for Mr. Howard.
“Does it give his occupation? “ DI Peters then asked when he’d been able to note down the name and address. 
“None listed at present,” the operator then confirmed when the information came through on her computer. 
“Ok thanks,” DI Peters said as he put his radio.  I wonder what he was doing, DI Peters thought to himself as it seemed odd that someone might try to case the house in broad daylight and in such an obvious manner.  But then he had seen several strange things over the years that could be said to have been even odder and the brazen nerve, or even stupidity, of some criminals never ceased to amaze him.  It certainly could turn out to be a line of enquiry he could follow up later.
That had been the pretty the only even vaguely interesting event in what so far had seemed to have been a wasted three hours of his day off that DI Peters could have used for all sorts of other things he needed to have done that Saturday afternoon.  It seemed so far that his feeling about this case was misdirected and perhaps there wasn’t anything here at all other than a simple missing person who had decided one day to get  up and leave her others, apparently, normal life.
It wouldn’t have surprised DI Peters if she had done so as a reaction to the death of her husband, as he had seen people do all kinds of weird and unusual things that in other circumstances would have seemed completely out of character.  But then again grief, and other extreme emotional states, can make people do the most unbelievable things.  And just as this thought rolled through DI Peters’ mind a woman almost perfectly fitting the description of the one seen around the time of Mrs. Baxter’s disappearance casually wondered into his line of sight.  Maybe there is something here after all, DI Peters thought to himself.
Chapter 8
Ah here we go; DI Peters thought to himself as the man came into view and seemed to walk casually right up to the front door of Mrs. Baxter’s house.  What are you up to? DI Peters then thought as the man looked around sheepishly as if trying to see whether the coast was clear or not.  Breaking and entering in broad daylight? He then asked rhetorically as the subject of his request could neither hear him nor reply, and it wasn’t as if there was anyone else in the car who could answer the question anyway. 
  The man then seemed to fumble around in his pockets for a couple of minutes as if he were looking for something, then his pulled something out of his pocket and raised his arm to where the lock would have been.  Oh so you have a key do you? DI Peters asked as the man turned his hand a little to one side.  He then pushed the door inwards and soon disappeared into the house, closing the door behind him.
So you’ve finally had the courage to burgle the place then? DI Peters only wished that he were able ask these questions of the man in person instead of musing to himself.  He then wondered whether he could legitimately go up there, knock on the door and question the man about the whereabouts of Mrs. Baxter.  And while DI Peters that he probably could he also considered that it might be better to sit back for a while and keep the house under surveillance for a while.  After it wasn’t as if Mrs. Baxter was still there and going in ‘two footed’ may either make things worse or blow the whole thing.  
No in this case patience would be the order of the day and DI Peters had learned to be as patient as the next man, even more so at times.  He would sit there all day if need be and wait for the perfect moment to make his move.   That would give him the opportunity to see where things were going and the chance to gather as much evidence as possible before acting. 
DI Peters didn’t have to wait long as no more than half an hour later a car pulled up outside the house.  It was the same car that had pulled up there a few hours before and that he had learned had belonged to a man called Bryce Howard.  What looked like the same man as before, who he presumed to be this Bryce Howard, got out of the car and rang the doorbell of the house.  Now we’ll see what's going on, DI Peters thought as the door opened slowly inwards. 
Hang on, what's this? DI Peters thought to himself as a woman’s head popped around the now open door.  She was, as far as he could tell from this distance, the same height and build as Mrs. Baxter.  The woman who had opened the door also had shoulder length straight hair that was a dark as obsidian and DI Peters wondered whether she had brown eyes as well, but he couldn’t quite see from this distance.  Her ruby red lips were in stark contrast to her dark hair and white skin, but there was also a familiar look to her.
So you’ve turned up then? DI Peters asked to no one in particular as he looked at a photo of Mrs. Baxter that he had taken from the file and was surprised at the remarkable similarity between the woman at the door and the woman in the photo.  At this distance it looked to DI Peters as the two women could either be the same person or very identical twin sisters.  He would have to get a closer look at the woman to be sure, but he was almost convinced that it had to be Mrs. Baxter at the door.
However, that wouldn’t really have made sense since as far as DI Peters was concerned she hadn't been seen for just over two years and as far as he could tell the house was empty when he had arrived.   Since he had been here he had seen no one else enter or leave the house other than the man who had let himself in a good half an hour ago.  By the time DI Peters had considered all of this the woman had let the man, who he was all bit convinced had to be this Bryce Howard, and had now closed the door behind them.
The blinds on the downstairs front window were still drawn and he would have given almost anything to have been able to see what was going on behind them.  Was there some kind of suburban ménage à trois going on between, what he presumed to be, the three current occupants of the house?  Or was there some other arrangement or conspiracy between them?  Or even was Mrs. Baxter now being held against her will in her own home and forced to do things that weren’t in her best interests?
These and other even darker and more sinister possibilities swam through DI Peters mind like shoals of piranha eating away at the control that prevented him from charging in there now and breaking the door down.   While DI Peters felt that he would be justified in going confronting the three of them now, he also realized that he didn’t have anything even remotely solid to base his suspicions on.  In fact this could be a perfectly innocent meeting of three consenting adults taking part in nothing more minacious than good old fashioned afternoon tea. 
Not much more than ten minutes later the front door opened and Bryce Howard exited the house.  He and the woman who DI Peters suspected was Mrs. Baxter calmly exchanged a few words and then shook hands.  As far as DI Peters could tell from this distance they seemed to be on good terms and Mrs. Baxter certainly didn’t seem to have obvious physical injuries.  Bryce Howard then got in his car and departed, looking to be in no particular hurry whatsoever.   Mrs. Baxter, as calm as you like, looked around a couple of times and then went back into the house closing the door behind her. 
Right I’ll give it five minutes then I'm going to see what's going on here, DI Peters said to himself as he looked at his watch and saw that it was almost 4pm.  That way he thought that it would give Mrs. Baxter and this mystery man a chance to relax just enough after whatever it was that had occurred between the three of them, including Bryce Howard who had just left, but enough time to hide incriminate evidence or to get their stories straight.
 At almost exactly five minutes past four, DI Peters got out of his car and strode confidently towards the house, minding the traffic as he crossed the road. When he reached the door DI Peters took a couple of minutes to compose himself and to get his warrant card out of his jacket pocket.  He then rang the doorbell and waited a minute or two, and when then there was no answer he rang it again.  This time he waited a little bit longer before trying the doorbell again and as he did so he tried to peer around to the front downstairs window.  
The blinds were still drawn and there was no sign of movement.  He then arched his back so he could at least try to see if there was sign of life from the upstairs window, but he couldn’t really see anything from where he was standing.   He then tried the doorbell again and peered through the letterbox.  “Open up, it's the police,” he called through it when he couldn’t see any sign of movement and his patience was now starting to wear a little thin.  Moreover he was starting to think that just maybe something had happened to Mrs. Baxter between the time she had gone back into the house and now. 
“Hang on, hang on,” came a soft voice that DI Peters couldn’t quite pin down as the gender or age of its owner.  “I'm coming, I'm coming,” it then said again a form, roughly the same height and build as Mrs. Barter appeared behind the glass door, but it was so obscured that DI Peters couldn’t tell anything else by it.  
“Sorry I was just,” the voice said when the door opened and what appeared to be a young man was revealed to DI Peters.  The man stopped shirt in his sentence when he saw the policeman’s warrant card and to DI Peters he appeared to be anywhere between late teens or mid-twenties in age, but definitely looked like the man who had entered the house earlier.  “What do you want?”  He then asked nervously when he’d had a chance to take in the warrant card.
“Sorry to disturb you sir,” DI Peters said in his best polite but authoritative voice that he always used in these circumstances, “but I’d like to speak to Mrs. Baxter.”  DI Peters then smiled graciously at the man as if he were doing him a service.
“I'm sorry but who are you?” The man’s eyes flicked nervously between the warrant card and DI Peters’ face as if he were trying to work out what the policeman wanted with him and how he could talk his way out of it.  DI Peters definitely thought that the man was hiding something and that he was trying to buy time so that he could think of plausible yarn to spin the officer.
“Oh I'm sorry sir, my name is DI Peters of CID I’d like to speak with Mrs. Baxter,” he then said introducing himself and repeating his request in the same tone of voice.
“Can I help at all?” The man asked, seemingly avoiding the issue. 
“Well I need to speak to owner sir,” he then added trying not to let growing impatience show.  “I believe that’s a Mrs. Emily Baxter and that she is in, sir,” DI Peters then added and there was definite shadiness about the man who was standing in front of him.
“Well she’s not here,” he said in what seemed like a furtive tone to DI Peters, who was growing in confidence that he was on to something here. 
“Are you sure sir?” He then asked not wanting to give away the fact that he had been watching the house for most of the afternoon.  “Maybe if I could come in sir,” he then added and started to move forward. 
“Yes I'm sure,” the added backing away from DI Peters and trying to close the door.  “I’d rather you didn’t as the place is a bit messy,” he then added making up the excuse on the spot. 
“Oh I'm sure I've seen worse sir,” DI Peters said inching his way closer to the man.  “And besides sir it would put my mind at ease, you see Mrs. Baxter hasn’t been seen for two years,” he said now with his foot virtually in the door.  
“Oh, oh ok then,” the man said nervously as he eyes darted down to the ground in a distinctively guilty fashion, but he relented and showed the policeman in to the hall. 
“And you are sir?” DI Peters asked in a politely enquiring tone.
“Harry, Harry Wright,“ Harry lied, but he had been telling people that was his name now for so long now that he virtually believed it be true as well. 
“And you live here sir?” DI Peters asked as a matter of course as he practically knew that the man couldn’t have been living there. 
“Oh no,” Harry said as he didn’t think there was any point in trying to lie about his accommodation.  “I'm in Manchester at the moment,” he then added trying it stave off DI Peters’ next obvious question. 
“Oh I see,” DI Peters said, feeling more and more certain in his suspicions with every passing moment.  “May I ask what you're doing here today?” He then asked and had apparently taken Harry by surprise with the question. 
“Oh I'm,” Harry then paused wondering whether he should in fact tell the truth.  “Oh I'm getting the place ready to be rented out,” he then added deciding that honesty was the best policy. 
“And you have the owner’s permission to do so?” DI Peters asked suspiciously.  Now we’re getting somewhere, DI Peters thought as he maneuvered Harry into a corner he wouldn’t be able to wriggle out of. 
“Mrs. Baxter?” Harry asked before pausing while he wondered whether this policeman would go for it or not.  “Oh yes of course I do,” the then added truthfully.
“In the absence of Mrs. Baxter do you have proof of this?” The DI then asked not giving Harry any breathing space.  “When did you last speak to her?” He then added remembering why he was here in the first place.  By how Harry had led DI Peters into the living room and while the furniture still seemed to be where it should there was something obviously missing, but he couldn’t quite put his finger on what it was.    
“We haven’t spoken in a while,” Harry said with a wry smile.  If only you knew the truth, he then added to himself as he tried to think of what he could offer DI Peters as way of proof.
“But you don’t know when?” DI Peters said as he gazed around the room, still not able to work out what was the problem was, but he was certain it would eventually come to him.  
Things often happened that, that odd bit of information or detail that sticks in the back of your mind like a bit of food stuck between your teeth.  No matter how much you try and dislodge it with your tongue, you just can’t seem to move it.  Then late one night it just moves by itself and the niggling piece of information or that detail you can’t quite place suddenly comes into sharp focus. 
“What's upstairs?” DI Peters then asked. 
“A couple of bedrooms and an attic,” Harry said innocently. 
“Can I see them?” DI Peters asked and Harry shrugged his shoulders as he led the DI upstairs.  He then showed the policeman the master bedroom and the spare room, neither of which seemed to be particularly out of the ordinary.  They both had a bare bed, and when DI Peters looked through the draws and the wardrobes that were found there, they were all empty.  There was no sign of any kind of a struggle or even a droplet of blood that someone had forgotten to clean up.  Just very ordinary rooms all ready and waiting for someone to rent them out, but DI Peters was now starting to get an inkling of what it was that was bothering him.
“What about the attic?  DI Peters then asked as he came out of the spare room and Harry had started to head back downstairs.  
“Oh I don’t have a key for that room,” he said jiggling the keys in his pocket nervously.  “Emily, I mean Mrs. Baxter asked not to touch that room,” he then added avoiding eye contact with the DI.  
“Hmmm,” was that DI Peters could manage as he sniffed the air and detecting a very feminine perfume.  The smell seemed to be mixed in with something, but it was there nonetheless.  “Are you sure that Mrs. Baxter isn’t here?” He asked and couldn’t help but notice Harry shuffling a bit on the spot and he had the feeling the other man was avoiding eye contact.  Yes he’s definitely hiding something, DI Peters thought to himself. 
“No, no she’s been on holiday and then travelling with friends,” Harry said hoping that DI Peters would buy the same lie that he had told his landlord.
“Where? Who are these friends?” DI Peters then asked moving in closer to Harry in order to intimidate him.  At the same time Harry moved backwards until his back was literally up against the wall and he could move no further. 
“I don’t know,” Harry said, knowing that he had taken that lie as it would go and that he hadn't been prepared to be challenged about it.  “All I know is that Mrs. Baxter some time ago asked me to rent her house out as she would be away longer than she had planned,” he then added feigning any knowledge of Mrs. Baxter’s whereabouts. 
“Are you sure you don’t know anything more?” DI Peters asked backing away a little from Harry to make him feel more at ease.
“Yes, that’s all I know,” he said, but couldn’t see his eyes twitch to the left as if he were still hiding something.  Well that’s all I'm prepared to tell you, Harry said to himself more confident that than he had managed in saying to DI Peters.
“You know,” DI Peters started to say as he remembered the scent of perfume in the air, “my wife is huge fan of French perfume and she has the exact same fragrance I can smell now.”  As he said this in a very accusatory tone of voice his piercing eyes bore right into Harry’s forehead.  Harry then sniffed the air himself and was he too could now sell the distinctly feminine fragrance and had to think fast on his feet in order to come up with a plausible explanation.
“Look I know I shouldn’t have done it, but I stayed here last night,” Harry said relived that an idea came to him just in time.  “I met a woman in a bar last night and, well you know,” he said winking at the DI as if he should know what Harry was talking about.
“Oh well, does Mrs. Baxter know?” DI Peters asked maintaining the implication that Harry had been caught out in some wrong doing. 
“No,” he said smiling guiltily for a brief moment.  
“I don’t think any harm is done,” DI Peters said, “if it was just the once and won't happen again.” As DI Peters said this Harry breathed a sigh of relief as if that was what he had been hiding all along and was relieved that it was now out in the open. 
“No, no, it won't happen again,” Harry said and the relief in his was obvious to DI Peters, but he still thought that Harry was hiding something and that it would be better that he believed he had gotten away with it.  DI Peters could then work away in the background with this new information he had just gotten and would find out all he could about Harry Wright.
***
 I thought he’d never leave, Harry thought to himself as he leant against the front door having just shown DI Peters out.  Couldn’t you have just told him the truth? Harry asked of himself as he felt his heart pounding in his chest and the reassuring barrier of the door that was now between himself and the threat that the DI posed.  Surely it's not that unbelievable? Or is it? Harry thought as he debated with himself.  
After all if he just told the truth then this would be easily explainable, but then he wasn’t even sure that he could explain to himself how things had progressed to this point let alone anyone else.  What had started as little bit of escapism for harry had now reached the point where he had stolen some blokes wallet, then his identity and now the police were involved.  If this went any further then Harry could find himself in real trouble.  But at least it's not boring, Harry thought as his breathing returned to something resembling its normal level. 
Chapter 9 
“Did you get the information I asked for?” DI Peters asked DS Illingworth when he saw him the following Monday morning, having asked him to run a check on Harry Wright as soon as he got in that morning.
“Yes, but you’re not going like it,” the more junior police officer said and then wiped the smile off his face when he saw the look on his superior’s face.  “Well there's nothing on the PNC,” he said meaning the Police National Computer that held all the details of people’s criminal records and arrests, “which means he’s never been convicted of anything.”
“That’s a shame,” DI Peters said rather more disappointed than he should have been considering he had felt as though he had made at least some progress over the weekend and at least now had a name to go on.  “It would’ve been nice if he’d had form for kidnapping and murder,” the DI then said with an uncharacteristically humorous smile.  But then when he had asked Illingworth to do the check for him he had thought it was going to be bit of a long short but it would have been nice if they had been able to find something on him.
“But I did manage to get something from the DVLA in Swansea,” DS Illingworth said ignoring his bosses unusually jovial mood.  “They had an address on file for him, no driving endorsements or bans though,” he then added before DI Peters could anything.
“Local?” DI Peters asked trying not to get his hopes up and knowing the way his luck was going on this case the address would turn out to be in the Outer Hebrides or somewhere else just as remote. 
“Yes here in Northampton,” he said then read out the address.  
“I think then we’ll go and pay him a visit,” DI Peters and was just about get up and leave when his desk phone rang. 
“Yes sir,” he said as he answered it and recognized the voice on the other end being that if his boss Detective Chief Inspector Robert Mitchell, who was usually called Bob by most people.
“So you’ve got nothing to go on?” DCI Mitchel asked as DI Peters walked into his, or rather more growled and having read DI Peters’ recent report on the case he wasn’t too impressed.  Especially with one of his officers, who really should have known better, conducting an unauthorized surveillance on what should have been his day off. 
“Not that’s not true,” DI Peters said calmly as he did think that he had started to finally make some progress.  While he still hadn't been able to locate or actually speak to Mrs. Emily Baxter he did have the feeling that there was something very odd going on at that house and would’ve dearly loved to have been to see that attic.  He would’ve normally tried to push this Harry Wright further in order to pressure him into opening up the attic, but then if the man really didn’t have the key that would’ve been a waste of time. The next step he felt was to get a warrant to fully search the place, including the attic, and to have the flat for this Harry Wright searched too.  While he was a little short on actual evidence he had managed to get a warrant on a lot less in the past. 
“Hmm yes this Harry Wright does seem to be a bit odd as you say,” the DCI conceded, “but that’s not a crime.”  Which was true and it could have been the case that Mrs. Baxter was indeed away travelling and had authorized this Harry to rent her house out or her. 
“Yes I know, but we only have his word that Mrs. Baxter asked him to rent her house out,” DI Peters said trying not to sound like an errant schoolboy called into the headmaster’s office for misbehaving.
“Do you have anything that contradicts that?” DCI Mitchel asked.  “Other than your gut instinct of course,” the DCI then added the stave off what he thought DI Peters was about to say.
“No,” DI Peters conceded as he sighed.  “But I just know that there's something funny going on here and it's just so frustrating,” he then said truthfully. 
“I know Mike,” DCI Mitchel said using DI Peters’ first name.  “But you can’t just go round investigate people every time you think there's something odd going on,” he then added trying to sound more sympathetic than when the DI had first entered his office.  DCI Mitchel could be a very hard man to work for as he demanded the very highest of standards from each and every member of his staff, but he would also try stand by every one of those people to the bitter end.  
“You also said that this Harry was going to send you a letter or something from Mrs. Baxter,” DCI Mitchel said reading the line from DI Peters’ report. 
“Yes that’s right, apparently she wrote to him a couple of months ago asking him to rent out her house,” DI Peters said confirming what he had written in his report.  
“Well then, wait for that to come in and we’ll take it from there,” DCI Mitchel said showing his more reasonable side.
“What if it doesn’t?” DI Peters asked.  
“Then I’ll make sure that you get your warrant for both Mrs. Baxter’s house and Harry Wright’s flat,” DCI Mitchel said.  “But until then I want you to focus on other cases and drip this one.  Now what about that spate of burglary’s you were talking about other day? ” DI Peters then started to update his boss on the various other active cases that he had on the go at the moment and tried to push this Emily Baxter thing out of his mind. Which wasn’t going to be easy as he just knew that there was something really odd going here.
***
A couple of months after that uncomfortable encounter with DI Peters Harry everything was no more or less sorted for his move to London.  The background check had comeback quicker than he had expected and much to his surprise, and relief, they had also comeback clean.  Almost a week after hearing this news the HR Department of the bank had written to Harry to inform him that they could now officially, and formally, offering him the job of office manager.  This was due to start from the beginning of October and that gave Harry almost six weeks to find a place to live in the Capital and to move his stuff down.
Considering that he only really had his laptop, a TV and his clothes to move that wouldn’t have much of an issue.  It was just the finding of a place to live that concerned Harry and by the time he narrowed the possibilities to a few places that seemed even remotely suitable.  He could straight away exclude all those that were going to be too expensive or too far away from the office in the City of London where he was going to be working.  Sod that, I'm not spending 4 hours a day commuting, Harry thought to himself when he had found almost the perfect place in terms of price, but had then seen how far away from work it was going to be. 
In the end he had settled on three different possibles; two of which were almost in the center of London and the other seemed to be out near the Clapham Junction station.  Great another overnight stay in London then, Harry thought to himself when he couldn’t arrange to see all three in one day, and the best he could do was to be able to view the two that near together in the center one day and the one in Clapham Junction the next.  
When he viewed the two flats in the center of London, they turned out to be little more than shoeboxes and Harry could feel his spirits drop the moment he set foot through the front door of the first one.  You want £400 a month for this?  The unasked question around his mind as he was shown first what was supposed to be the bedroom/living room and Harry was certain he had seen single prison cells on TV that were bigger.  And that look luxurious compared to this dump, he thought as he the prison cell metaphor stayed with him as he looked around the room and was sure that he could see cracked paint in the corners and what even looked like mold growing there.
Least said about the kitchen the better I think, Harry thought as the landlord wittered away about the advantages of this room and what was included in the rent.  The only advantage I can see is that I would be able to grow my own penicillin, and that thought made Harry smile which brought a querying look from the landlord. 
“Oh nothing I was just thinking about another place I saw,” Harry said trying to emphasis the another as to make it sound as though that place was miles worse than the one he was now being shown. “Well I have another couple of places I want to see first,” Harry found himself almost on autopilot when the landlord stopped and looked expectantly at Harry as if asking for his decision there and then.  “And I think it's only fair to see those as I've made appointments and I think it's only fair to honor them,” he then added before the landlord could another word.  The other place he’d arranged to view that day was almost as bad, if not worse. 
Well so long as this place isn’t too bad I guess I’ll just have to take it, Harry thought to himself that night in the hotel as he weighed up his options.
It was almost 10.30 am and at that time of the morning the bus from Clapham Junction Station, which was billed as the busiest train station on the UK, was fairly quiet.  Admittedly Harry thought that most people would’ve gone to work or school or whatever already, but still it did seem fairly quiet.  There were perhaps ten people on the bus in total, plus Harry.  They all seemed to be just sitting there minding their own business, some reading a newspaper and others just looking stiff necked straight ahead waiting for their stop. 
I wonder if they know, or if they can tell, Harry wondered to himself as the bus trundled along the on straight round that would eventually take him to what he was sure would turn out to be another grotty little shoebox that some unscrupulous landlord was way over what he should be, but then it was London and you had to expect to pay way over the odds for any scrap of space, no matter how unkempt and rundown it was.  For the first time Harry was actually regretting having to move down here as he certain that he would have to pay far more than he wanted to just keep a roof over his head.
 I suppose we’re all keeping those little secrets, the mused looking at a woman in her mind forties who was sitting across the aisle from him.  He then had the sudden urge to adjust his boxer shorts in that typically blokish way when they'd become uncomfortable and his eyes darted around the bus wondering whether anyone had even noticed or if they were just deliberately ignoring it.  I wonder what your secrets are, he then thought as his attention was drawn back to the woman in her forties. 
She was dressed in a light airy blouse type top that was just about perfect for the summer and a long skirt that came down to her ankles.   Harry could imagine it flowing in the breeze as she walked and he just caught the flash of the sun off her wedding ring.  He could also imagine her wearing black lacy panties and a matching bra.  
 I wonder if your husband knows that you're now one your way to see your lover?  He thought imagining that she could hear his thoughts.  Does he know you're bit of a slut on the side and have been seeing someone behind his back for years? Come on what secrets are you keeping?  He thought letting his mind wonder as the bus trundled on.  Or what about lesbian affair you had a couple of years ago, does he know about that? Or is it something you keep secret that lets you get off when he’s on top of you?  With that thought Harry swung his head forward and kept it fixed straight ahead so that he couldn’t give away his thoughts about her as he realized that he starting to get like Ken and his mates.  
The way they talked about women had always made Harry feel more than a little uncomfortable and he had found himself on several occasions just smiling awkwardly and let them get on with it.  Now though it was different as he was the one having such vulgar thoughts and there was a part of him that was really very bothered by that.  After what would Emily think? Harry heard himself think as the bus came to what he thought was his stop.
As the bus pulled away Harry looked up at the building that was Gernigan House, which looked little like it had been made out of Lego by a particularly unimaginative child who had no creative vision or style, and who had then decided to paint it the dreariest shades of grey.  This had then been allowed to gather dirt and allowed to settle for several decades ; and Harry was almost certain it hadn't been painted, or repainted, since Harold Macmillan was telling people they'd ‘never had it so good’ in 1957.
It can’t be that bad, Harry thought as he looked round at the four or five other buildings that were in the same area and, eventually, found the entrance to Gernigan House.  As he waited for the elevator to arrive Harry was certain that the interior hadn't been redecorated since at least the building had been opened and, as the elevator opened, he couldn’t help but inhale that too familiar aroma of disinfectant and ammonia that seemed to be of places like this and that would have been more appropriate for a public convenience. 
The smell notwithstanding, Harry was soon standing outside of the door for flat number on the second floor, which was the one he’d come to view.  He rang the doorbell and after a couple of minutes a tall black man opened the door. 
“Colin?” Harry asked of the man when he looked at Harry with querying eyes wondering who he was.  “I'm Harry; I'm here to see the room?” And for a moment or two Harry wondered whether he had the right place or whether he had actually written down the wrong address by accident. 
“Oh yeah, sure, come in,” the man said in an unexpectedly very English accent that seemed to be typically very London, without being too cockney.  As the man, Colin Baptiste, suggested Harry then followed him in to the flat and Harry found himself in a very narrow hallway.  A few feet in and on the left there was a bathroom and on the right there were two doors that Colin said were spare rooms.  At end of the corridor there was door leading to the kitchen and one just to the right of it that was in fact Colin’s room.
“This is the room here,” Colin said, indicating he what was effectively the middle of the three bedrooms and Harry entered the room just behind Colin.  Fuck, Harry exclaimed to himself when he saw how small the room and tried to work out whether it was bigger than the two had already seen, and if it was it couldn’t have been larger by much. 
“What do you think?” Colin asked with that same expectation that Harry would instantly love it and without hesitation take there on the spot that Harry was sure he had seen in the eyes of the other two landlords he had met the day before.  Are you serious? Harry thought but managed to stop himself from actually saying anything.
“It's, it's,” Harry said wondering whether he should say what he really thought or not.  “It's nice,” was all that Harry could think of saying as it was at least clean.  Well that’s not saying much about it, Harry thought taking another look around the room itself before Colin ushered him into the kitchen and then showed him the bathroom.  Well at least I could make a quick dash for a shower in morning, Harry thought trying to hide an amused smile that had appeared on his lips at the thought of his bashfulness of his own body. 
“So what do you do?” Colin asked when they had settled back in the kitchen. 
“I'm starting as an office manager for a bank in October,” Harry started to say as he wondered whether he had brought that letter from the bank confirming his appointment.  “Which is why I need it from 1st October,” Harry then added as he fumbled around in his pockets. 
“Ah,” Colin said as that answered his next question about why Harry was moving.  “Isn’t it a bad time to be a banker?” Colin then asked half remembering things he’d read in the papers recently about the credit crunch and various scandals about banker excesses. 
“I guess no,” Harry said, “but then I’ve only just joined them.”  Harry didn’t add that he’d never worked for a bank before and had been a little surprised that he’d even gotten to the interview stage let alone offered to job.  But then he must’ve put on quite a show at the interview.
“Oh ok,” Colin sad and then went on to run down how much the rent and deposit were, and what the rent included which turned out to be all the bills as the advert had stated.  Harry nodded and agreed where he thought was appropriate as tried to look as though he was at least interested in what Colin was saying.
“So are you interested?” Colin eventually asked and almost caught Harry off guard.  Not really, Harry thought to himself but then he probably didn’t have much. 
“Well I've got another couple of appointments this afternoon,” Harry lied, “and I think that it's only fair to them that I make those.” Harry added the same line he’d used the day before, but which then wasn’t entirely untrue, but now was a bit of a fib as he’d not lined up anything else.  
“Oh yeah, yeah,” Colin said.  “So you’ll let me know? I mean I've got other interested people coming to view the room later and I really need to know soonest,” he then added and trying to pressure Harry into making a decision.
“Oh yeah, I’ll let you know later today,” Harry said all but having made up his mind already, but not wanting Colin to in case he saw somewhere better later when he looked online again later that day and couldn’t then take it as he’d already committed himself to this room .
“Oh ok, no problem,” Colin replied and Harry was on his way a couple of minutes later.
***
Later that afternoon Harry was sitting in the hotel pondering over his accommodation options and no matter how he looked at it Harry didn’t think that he had much choice.  On the one had he little shoeboxes that looked dirty and he thought that they would be overpriced at half the price.  On the other hand he had a little shoebox of a room that would mean sharing with some strange guy that he didn’t know and all the possible unknown annoyances that could do lead to.
Another quick search of the internet as soon as he got back revealed nothing that looked particularly inspiring and that left him rather down hearted with nothing but bad choices ahead of him, but at least it didn’t have to be forever and when he was settled in his job Harry could start looking for somewhere else to live.  I suppose I’d better take it then, Harry thought as he looked over the journey times and routes from the place in Clapham Junction to where he would be working, which wasn’t that great a journey but it didn’t look too bad, on paper at least. 
“Hello Colin?” Harry said when the other man answered.  “It's Harry, about the room, if it's still available I’ll take it,” he then added before Colin had time to really say anything.  
“Yes I've got a few things to sort out and I’ll send you my references over tonight,” Harry then added when Colin had confirmed that it was.  All things being equal, and with no setbacks, Harry would be moving in around 1st October and he supposed that was at least something to look forward to.
Chapter 10
“You're the new guy,” the woman said as Harry was sitting in the kitchen eating his lunch. 
“Not so new,” Harry said between bites as he pulled his attention away from the newspaper he had been reading. 
“Oh yeah, how long have been here?” She asked gracefully gliding into the seat opposite Harry at the table.
“Almost 2 and half months,” Harry said trying not to be rude, but also not really sure he wanted to get too familiar with anyone at work. 
“Well I'm Libby Short,” Libby said reaching out a hand.
“Harry Wright,” Harry said in reply and shaking her gently by the hand in a gesture of greeting. 
“It's nice to meet you Harry Wright,” Libby said with a broad friendly smile that sat comfortably on her ruby lisp and Harry was sure that he could see a glint  in her eye that hinted at a hidden mischievous side to  her, even though she looked all business like on the outside.  Apart from the bright red lips, she had very little makeup on and her light brunette hair shone the artificial light of the office and danced about her shoulders as if it had a life of its own.
“Likewise I'm sure,” Harry said hoping that he didn’t sound too rude as he didn’t want to aggravate or antagonize anyone in the office if he didn’t have to.  On the other hand he didn’t want to get too friendly to anyone either, as he was sure that at any time he would be found out and forced to leave the bank.  
“How are you settling in?” Libby said as she speared a piece of lettuce and egg from her salad and with her fork and delicately pulled it off again with her perfectly formed lips.
“Ok I guess,” Harry said, just before taking another bite from the sandwich.
“Good, I hear some of the traders on your team can be a bit,” she said and paused mid-sentence and she elegantly took another mouthful of her salad, “difficult.” As she Libby said word ‘difficult’ a little knowing smile appeared for a moment on her lips and then disappeared just as quickly.  It seemed to Harry that she knew more than she was saying as if there had been something that had happened before he had arrived. 
“So,” Harry started as this seemed to be a good moment to ask the question that had bothered him since he arrived, “why did my predecessor leave? I mean no one will tell me anything,” Harry said as every time he asked anyone the question they would just say something like ‘left to pursue other opportunities,’ or such nonsense that sort of half explained it and then they would quickly change the subject.  Most of the time Harry didn’t want to pursue it further as he felt that it may be overstepping the mark a little, but Libby may have been just far enough outside of things to actually tell him the reason. 
“Oh there was a clash of personalities,” Libby said with a quick half smile that only appeared so briefly that Harry thought for a moment that he had more imagined it than anything. 
“Yes that’s pretty much what everyone says,” Harry said with a sigh of frustration. 
“No really there was a clash of personalities between your predecessor and Robert Gehlert,” she said in a soft voice almost as though she didn’t want anyone else to hear her.  “And Robert won out,” she then added a little louder. Yes but what really happened, Harry thought to himself wanting to get the full story so that he, perhaps, he could avoid the same mistake.  “He,” she said meaning Robert Gehlert, “usually does.  I mean he almost always gets what he wants and pushes people to the limit if he doesn’t,”  the was something in her tone that Harry thought meant that Libby had some history with this Robert Gehlert and that perhaps she was one of his conquests.
“Don’t get me wrong he’s good at what he does,” Libby said before Harry could say anything.  “But it's just that you need to how to handle him,” she then added between mouthfuls.
“And you do?” Harry asked with something of knowing smile and tone of voice that he didn’t really use too often. 
“Oh god no,” Libby replied as though the very idea was just too repulsive a thought for her to even consider.  “Not for want of trying of course,” she then added before Harry could say anything.  “I mean I usually have a clear ‘no dating at work’ policy,” she said in such a way that led Harry to believe had been, and could still be, some exceptions.
“’Usually’?” Harry then asked in that same knowing way he’d used a couple of minutes ago.
“Yes,” Libby said as she finished her lunch and looked at her mobile phone.  “Oh fuck,” she said in a such a silky voice that even the usual vulgar nature of the word sounded as though it were wrapped in a silky satin, “is that the time? I’d better get back.” Libby said as she stood up and started to clean up her things.  “We really should do this again sometime,” Libby said just before she walked out of the kitchen door leaving Harry alone to his thoughts.
Now, now, don’t get too attached, Harry thought to himself when he was certain he was a lone.  After all you probably won't be here long and you remember what happened with Susan, he then added sternly to himself as a warning that things could quite easily get out of hand.  But then things already had gotten out of hand and he wasn’t entirely sure how had managed to keep things going for this long, and had never meant to in the first place.  It’ll just be a bit of fun, Harry could remember the thought that had crossed his mind as he looked in the mirror at himself one morning almost two and half years ago.
  ***
“I thought you didn’t date people at work?” Harry said as Libby sat down at the restaurant table,  a couple of days after they had first met Libby had sent Harry a message asking if they could meet up one night after work and Harry didn’t really have much of any excuse other than he didn’t want to.  But that sounded a little rude to Harry and besides Libby seemed nice company to be around and it was only dinner.  So he had agreed and Libby had suggested a little Italian place she knew and it was set for the following Friday night.
Harry had decided on one of his best suits, that he usually wore a checkered waistcoat with and a dark bow tie that looked like it was black was in fact a deep purple and Harry loved the idea that most people thought that it was black.  That was something that excited Harry about showing people one thing that was in fact something else, and that was part of what had started him on the journey that had led to this point in the first place.
“Oh I don’t usually,” Libby said as the waiter passed them a menu each and poured a couple of glasses of water.
“Why make the exception for me?” Harry asked hoping that didn’t sound as rude to Libby as it did him, even though he didn’t mean it that way. 
“Well to be honest Harry there's something different about you and I just can’t quite put my finger on it,” Libby said smiling and trying to get to give Harry the impression that she meant that it a good way. 
“I'm glad you think so,” Harry said and then added if only you knew, to himself as he looked over the menu. 
“I don’t know, maybe it's just that we've been here almost 10 minutes and you have tried to impress me with the size of your erm bank balance,” she said and Harry thought for a moment that she might have been going to say something else, but then changed her mind half way through the sentence and the thought what she might have been about to say made him smile just a little bashfully.  It was there for a only a couple of seconds before Harry was able to regain his composure,  but the smile had lasted just long enough for Libby to pick up on it. 
That’s just what I mean, Libby thought to herself.  “Oh erm I'm not usually this nervous on a date you know,” Libby suddenly said, reflecting how she felt in the inside.  “It's just that I really don’t know anything about you,” she then added trying to fill the silence.  
“Well I'm not married or seeing anyone, if that’s what you meant,” Harry said almost biting his tongue as he realized how that could’ve have sounded and that he really hadn't intended it to sound that way.  “I mean I was married but there hasn’t been anyone since,” he then added to try to defuse the situation. 
“Oh no that wasn’t what I meant,” Libby said and the added but it's good to know that anyway, o herself as she didn’t fancy being someone’s bit on the side.  “No it's just that when someone joins this bank they usually come from another bank and the rumor mill gets going even before they arrive,” Libby said trying to explain what she meant.  “But in your case there was nothing,” Libby added hoping that she wasn’t babbling just to make conversation.
“Good,” Harry said and smiled satisfied that no one was talking about him.  I might just be able to pull this off then, Harry though as the waiter returned to take their order.   And maybe dating someone will help my cover, Harry then thought as he watched Libby give her order to the waiter and no more than a minute or so after the thought entered his head Harry tried to dismiss it as he didn’t want to deceive her as she seemed quite nice and probably deserved better than that. 
“So, have you ever been married?” Harry asked trying to sound interested.
“Me? Oh god no,” Libby replied as if the very idea was unthinkable.  “I mean I've dabbled a little here and there, but, well you know,” Libby then added. 
“Not met the right person?” Harry asked trying to keep him conversation going in order to avoid an awkward silence more than being genuinely interested.
“Kind of,” Libby said looking a little shy herself now that he had asked something that was bit of a sore subject with her on times.  “Well more like, well you know, not enough time to look due to wok and the like,” Libby added feeling a little exposed by the question. 
“What about you?” Libby asked quickly trying to turn the attention away from her and back on to Harry. “I mean how come you never dated again after your marriage ended?” Libby asked in order to clarify what she meant by her previous question. 
“He, I mean she,” Harry said quickly corrected himself and hoping Libby hadn't noticed.  “She was pretty much the love of my life,” he then said quickly so that Libby wouldn’t have time to notice his earlier slip of the tongue.  Come on Harry keep it together now, loose lips and all that, he thought to himself as he tried to see if she had noticed his little error. 
“He?” Libby asked confused by the slip by Harry and wondering whether she had heard him right. 
“No she, my late wife, Emily,” Harry said lying to cover up his error of a couple of minutes ago and then took a deep long drink from his wine glass.  “Sorry should probably stay off the booze,” Harry added quickly as if being a little tipsy would explain his error and gave him a moment at least to think of something.
“I guess so,” Libby said still a little confused. 
“Sorry it's a difficult subject for me,” Harry then said quickly so as not allow Libby time to think.  “She err died almost three years ago you see,” Harry said telling Libby almost the truth about what had happened.
“Oh I'm sorry,” Libby said and reached out to touch Harry’s hand sympathetically, but as she touched his hand Harry looked quite uncomfortable with the gesture.  He left his hand there for as long as seemed polite and then pulled it away as soon as etiquette would allow.  
“You’re still not quite over her are you?” Libby asked feeling Harry’s discomfort at her caress.
“No, no not quite,” Harry said as she brief smile flashed across his lips, which was more due to a feeling of satisfaction that she seemed to have bought his little lie than due to her attempt at comforting him.
Their meals arrived soon after this and they two of them ate almost in compete silence except for the occasional small talk about the weather or how their jobs were going.  At one point Libby felt the need to fill the awkward silence with something, anything, that would take away the strangeness that seemed to have descended on the meal so that it wouldn’t be completely lost as a waste of time.  But it didn’t quite work as all seemed to be able to do was to blurt out snippets of little stories of when she was growing up and there was still something hanging large in the air around their table.  It felt as though they had their own atmosphere that enveloped only their table. 
By the time they had ordered desert Libby felt as though something had eased between them and Harry seemed to be a lot more cheery by now as the handsome smile that she had first seen a few weeks ago returned to his lips and she remembered what she had first seen in him.  That made up for the little slip he had made a little bit earlier and she was prepared to put that down to either nerves, alcohol or both.  After all there are worst things he could have done, Libby said to herself as her strawberry sorbet arrived. 
“Would you like to come back to my place?” Libby asked as Harry took a first mouthful of his desert and she surprised even herself with her query.
“Well I don’t know if it's a good idea,” Harry said when he’d swallowed the mouthful of apple tart he’d been chewing.  “I mean this is our first date and all,” Harry said trying not to offend Libby by turning her down directly. 
“Oh that’s ok,” Libby said not seeing that he was trying to let her down gently.  “I mean it's just for coffee,” she then added suggestively. 
“Ok, just for coffee then,” Harry replied.  Yes and you make your excuses to leave as soon as is polite, Harry told himself sternly. 
About twenty minutes after they had settled the bill Harry and Libby were back at her little flat Harry was sitting on the sofa while Libby made the coffee.  Harry found himself looking around the living room and thought that Libby had made good use of the limited space available.  There were a few photos of Libby hung in the wall, mostly of when she was teenager and looked as if they showed her having received prizes for various sporting events and there was one of her that had been taken at her graduation from university or college.  In one of the corners there was a little table that had photos of what Harry assumed were her parents and what looked like siblings too, a younger brother and sister.
“Do you take milk?” Libby asked from the kitchen after a couple of minutes.
.”Oh yes please,” Harry replied from the living room. 
“Ok,” Libby called back and soon after she reappeared in the living carrying two cups of coffee, one of which she handed to Harry and the other placed on the table just in front of the sofa when she had sat down next to him. Harry then took a sip from the cup nervously as she saw Libby looking into his and then she placed a hand on his thigh, which made him feel distinctly uncomfortable. 
“What are you doing?” Harry asked as Libby gazed into his hazel eyes and gently squeezed his thigh. 
“Can’t you tell?” She asked as she closed the gap between them and lent in to kiss Harry.  She then pressed her soft ruby lips against and closed her eyes as she settled in the kiss.  Then suddenly Harry pulled back away from her almost spilling his cup in the process, but managed to avoid doing so as he stood up urgently in one swift movement.  
“What are you doing?” Harry asked as he all but slammed the cup down on the table and looked at her furiously.  
“Oh sorry is it too soon?” Libby asked still sitting almost in the same position as when she had started to kiss him.  “I mean it's been 3 years since your wife died,” she then added as if that were the issue. 
“It's not that, it's,” Harry said as he visible shook from head to foot and almost blurted out something that he hadn't meant to say.  “It's just, sorry but I can’t do this,” he then added and to Libby it looked as though he were going to explode.  
“What is it then?” She asked trying to be understanding.  “Are you gay?” She then asked thinking about his little slip earlier in the restaurant. 
“Oh god no, no, not in the least,” Harry insisted as he continued to shake with fury.  “I'm sorry I just can’t do this,” he then said as he stormed out of the flat all but slamming the front door behind him.
    You idiot Harry, the then scolded himself as he hit the wall in frustration. You almost let things get out of hand again, he then thought to himself more sympathetically as he tapped his forehead against his arms that were now resting against the wall. 
Chapter 11 
“Yes?” Libby asked when she opened her front door and saw two smartly dressed men standing there.  One was middle-aged with a slight receding hairline, but jet black hair and an equally black moustache.  The other man was younger, perhaps ten years younger than his companion, but was at least three inches taller and clean shaven.  His blonde hair was cut short, but had definite shine to it that seemed to catch the dim hallway light.  He stood to the left of the older man and slightly behind him as if he was somehow subservient to him. 
“I'm Detective Inspector Peters and this, “the older man said indicating the younger man, “is DS Illingworth.” As he added the younger man’s name he then pulled out a small wallet and opened it wide so that Libby could see the photo ID of a police warrant card that confirmed that he was who he said was. 
“Ok,” Libby said wondering why the police had come knocking on her door at almost 8 pm at night when she was just winding down after a very long day at work.  “How can I help you? “ She asked wearily, hoping that they would just tell her what they wanted and go away.
“Can we come in ma’am?” The man you said his name was DI Peters said and he stepped forward toward the doorway just as he finished his sentence.  Libby wasn’t inclined to let them in, no because she was hiding anything or had anything against the police personally; it was just that she was very tired and just felt like slumping in the sofa before getting changed for bed. 
   “What do you want?” She asked as politely as she could muster, and thought it probably sounded ruder than she intended. 
“It would be better if we came in ma’am,” DI Peters said taking another inched step toward the doorway and Libby suddenly felt a wave of concern come over her as she had heard from time to time about people pretending to be police officers in order to trick their way into someone’s home before doing horrible things.  “Please, this won't take long,” DI Peters said in a polite but assertive manner that had been honed over the year’s just situations like this.
“I suppose so,” Libby said as she yawned and stepped out of the way of the two police officers, letting them entered her felt.  She then closed the front door behind and made her way across the room to the chair that was just on the other side of the sofa.  “Please have a seat,” she said to them gesturing to the sofa with a wide arc of her arm.  “Can I get you anything to drink?” She then asked as she stood by chair that looked as though it was from the same suite as the sofa.
“No, no thank you,” DI Peters said answering for both of them as they sat down on the sofa, with DI Peters sitting closest to where Libby was now also sitting. DS Illingworth opened his notebook and had a pen in hand ready to take notes.  If these they were impersonating police officers then they were being committed to the deception.  
“How can I help you?” Libby asked tucking her right leg under her other one.
“I believe you know a Mr. Harry Wright?” DI Peters said coming almost right to the point and in a tone of voice that made it sound more like a statement rather than a question.
“Yes, he works for the same bank as I do,” Libby said wondering what they could possibly want with Harry.  “Is he all right?” She then asked suddenly concerned for man she had started to develop feelings for, but hadn't seen since their date that had ended badly.
“I understand that you’ve become quite friendly with him and I was hoping that you could perhaps tell me,” DI Peters then said as his colleague made notes.
“Yes I mean we spent a few lunch times’ chatting and went out for a meal together,” Libby said seeing no reason to lie about what she had hoped would be a burgeoning relationship.
“Yes, yes your work colleagues mentioned something about,” DI Peters said in such a way that Libby thought he was insinuating something.
“I don’t know what you're suggesting,” Libby said rather getting a little annoyed that this man was trying to suggest that there was something inappropriate about their relationship.
“Nothing, just that it had been noted that you were quite friendly,” DI Peters said diplomatically trying to get Libby back on his side so that she might be more inclined to answer his questions honestly. 
“When was the last time you saw?” DI Peters then asked moving thing along a little quicker in the direction he was trying to go. 
“Erm, almost two weeks ago,” Libby said, “just after we’d had dinner together.” 
“Did he seem alright when he left?” DI Peters asked.
“Yes, well no,” Libby said changing her mind as she remembered what had happened. “We came back here after the meal for a coffee and he just kind of freaked,” Libby added remembering Harry’s reaction when she tried to kiss him and trying not to mention the exact details as she felt rather more than a little embarrassed about it.
“’Just freaked?” DI Peters asked repeating what Libby had just said.  “How do you mean?”
“Well,” she started to say and a little awkward smile flashed across her lips monetarily.  “Do I have to tell you everything?” She asked hoping to be able to avoid actually having to say it.
“I think it's best if you do,” DI Peters said in a kindly, comforting voice.  “Best to get these things out in the open,” he then added trying to make his voice as soothing as possible in order to cajole the truth out of her.
“Well I sort of lent over to kiss him and he freaked,” Libby said feeling very awkward about having to say this about someone she had otherwise considered to be a very nice man.
“Was he violent at all?  Did he try to err force himself on you?” DI Peters asked and this time his voice was more knowing that anything else as if he had heard similar stores quite often in the past. 
“Oh god no,” Libby with disbelief, “Harry is nothing like that.”  Or at least he never seemed like that, Libby then added to herself not wanting to believe that such an apparently kind man was capable of anything of the like. 
“Well we’ve seen men attack women before because they’ve been rejected or had their masculinity threatened,” DS Illingworth said, speaking for the first time and briefly looking up from his notebook.  His attention was then quickly refocused on the little notebook again after a stern look of warning from his boss.
“Not Harry,” Libby said.  “He just sort of freaked a little and then stormed out,” he added honestly and openly.  “What do you want with him anyway?” Libby asked with a confused look on her face.
“That was the last time you saw him?” DI Peters asked trying to keep things focused. 
“Yes, almost two weeks ago,” Libby said sounding more than a little frustrated at having to repeated herself.  “He's not been in since.  Someone from his team said he’d had to take some time off for personal reasons,” she then added remembering the conversation she’d had with an odious man named Robert Gehlert.
“Yes that’s what we’ve been told as well,” DI Peters said, “and that you were the closest person to him.”  Again Libby picked up a slight insinuation in DI Peters’ voice that more than implied that she knew more than she was saying.
“You still haven’t told me what this is all about,” Libby said, sounding as if she were getting annoyed with all this dancing around the issue.  
“We’ve also been to his flat and his landlord hasn’t seen him for a couple of weeks either,” DI Peters said.   “He's not owing any rent at the moment so the landlord, a Colin Baptiste, didn’t think that there was anything wrong,” DI Peters then added and Libby glared at the man as if to say ‘so what's the problem’ but she didn’t say anything, just looked rather confused. 
“So Harry’s gone on holiday,” Libby said when she’d had a moment to digest this latest piece of information. “That’s hardly a police matter Inspector,” Libby added, getting a little worried now as she had tried to call Harry a couple of times on his mobile and he hadn't returned any of her messages.  
“It's a little more serious than that, ma’am,” DI Peters said in a serious tone of voice that was still laced in a syrupy coating of politeness.
“How so?” Libby asked now looking very worried as however he’d reacted after their date she still regarding Harry as something of a friend, or someone she wanted to be friends with.  If only he would explain why he reacted as he did she would probably have been able to forgive him, and maybe even been able to help him with whatever issues he seemed to have.
“We would like to talk Harry Wright in connection with a potential insurance fraud and identity theft,” DI Peters said in a matter-of-fact tone of voice that had lost any sense of its previous politeness and now had a hard quality to it.  “Also it had come to our attention recently that Harry Wright died almost two and half years ago,” DI Peters added then news that had prompted their sudden interest  in Harry Wright and as he said this Libby’s mouth feel open in dismayed shock.
***
A few hours earlier Harry had been just about to walk through the front door of his building when he thought he heard a familiar voice coming from just the other side of the door and just for a moment through a pane of glass in the door he thought he saw the face of that annoying DI Peters who had questioned him a few months earlier.  In something of a blind panic Harry quickly ducked behind the outcropping of wall that framed he door and pressed himself tightly against the cold stone.
He then heard the door open and the sound of DI Peters voice as the two men walked through the door and left the building.  Harry could hear their footsteps stop on the stone floor just outside of the door as they paused for a couple of minutes.  Above the sound of his own breath that was growing rapidly Harry couldn’t quite hear what the two men were talking about, but he had a feeling it was about him. 
The voice of DI Peters was deep and clear, just as it had been on that day at Emily Baxter’s house, but the other voice he didn’t recognize.  He assumed that it was a colleague of DI Peters and thought that it might a Detective Sargent or some such lower ranked officer as that always seemed to the case on TV. 
 Harry crossed his fingers and hoped that they would move in soon as he was certain that he would somehow give away his position if the stayed there much longer.  His eyes then darted around where he was standing and Harry could just about see the other side of the building.  I could probably make it, he thought to himself as the idea of making a run for it crossed his mind, but then as soon as he moved the two policemen would probably hear the sound of his movement and come looking around the building to see what it was that had made that sound.  So Harry decided to stay put and he pressed himself as thinly as he could against the cold stone of the wall, hoping.
     “What's next sir?” Harry could make out the stranger saying to DI Peters as he felt his pulse racing dangerously high and he forced himself to control his breathing down from a heavy panicky panting that could give away his serendipitous hiding spot. 
“Err Libby Short I believe,” DI Peters said. “Apparently she’s the closest person to him at the office,” he then added as Harry forced his eyes closed and pleaded with the gods to let them leave soon. 
“Ah yes I have her address here,” the stranger then said after Harry could hear him flicking the pages of what assumed to be one of those pocket notebooks that police officers always seemed to be carry.  Harry could then make out the sound of their shoes as they made to leave.
Please don’t turn around, please don’t turn around, Harry willed with his eyes closed tightly and he remained as motionless as she could while he heard the footsteps of the two men fade into the distance.  When he was fairly sure they were far enough away Harry opened his eyes and forced himself to look around the wall so that he could see where they had gone.  He could just about make out the silhouettes of their backs in the distance and let out a huge sigh of relief as she sank down to the ground. 
Sitting there on the sun dried grass Harry could feel the net tightened in around him as his heart still pumped madly in his chest with panic.  What am I going to do?  What am I going? Harry repeated over and over to himself as he felt the pressure build up behind his eyes and he felt as though he would explode at any moment.  I really can’t keep this up, Harry thought to himself as he wondered what he could possibly do now.   After all things seemed as though they had gone too far and it was too late to just come out and tell the truth now.  But he had to do something, and Harry couldn’t help but wonder what poor old Emily Baxter would think of him now, and he even wondered she would do in his position. 
***
“W-w-what do mean he died?” Libby asked when she able to regain some of her senses.
“Well,” DI Peters said trying to be too patronizing in the way he said it, “it appears that a man called Harry Wright died in a car crash a couple of years ago.  But there was some kind of administrative mix up and his details have only just been updated.”
“What's that got to do with Harry?” Libby asked meaning the man she had met who had called himself ‘Harry Wright’.
“We searched the real Harry Wright’s flat and found a set of fingerprints that matched those found in sealed attic in the house of a Mrs. Emily Baxter,” DI Peters said explaining their recent discoveries. 
“So? Who is Emily Baxter?” Libby asked more confused now than ever. 
“She disappeared almost 3 years ago and it seems the man you know as Harry Wright has arranged for her house to be rented out,” DI Peters said on something of a monotone.  “We believe that this man calling himself Harry Wright has killed Mrs. Baxter and has been cashing life insurance cheques intended for Mrs. Baxter that relate to her late husband,” DI Peters added. 
“No that’s not true,” Libby replied shaking her head in denial.  “Harry is a good man,” she added with as much convictions as she could muster.  “There must’ve been some mistake,” she said trying to find a rational explanation for all of this. 
“Well that’s why we want to talk to Harry,” DI Peters said. “You don’t know where he is?  He’s not been in touch or anything?” He added. 
“No, I told you I haven’t seen him for a couple of weeks,” Libby said telling the truth as she really hadn't seen him.
“If you do hear from him you will be sure to let me know,” DI Peters said getting up and retrieving a business card from his wallet, which he then handed to Libby. 
Chapter 12 
Thirty minutes after the police had left Libby was still sitting in her chair in stunned silence unable to believe what she had just been told.  The seemingly decent man that the Harry wright she knew, or at least thought she knew, didn’t seem capable of insurance fraud let along murder.  But there it was laid bare before her and without further explanation Libby didn’t know what to think. 
The apparent disappearance of Harry seemed to confirm that he was potentially on the run from something, or at least was afraid of something.   Maybe that was he had reacted as he had done when she had tried to kiss him. Perhaps he was afraid of getting too close to her as he had done to this Emily Baxter, who he had apparently killed or was responsible for her death somehow.  It didn’t seem to unlikely that either she had reacted him and he had killed her or he had been swindling her and she had confronted him.  The result of that confrontation was that Emily Baxter was now dead and that this Harry Wright, the man she knew, was responsible for her death. 
The ringing of the doorbell tugged Libby back to reality from her thoughts with a sudden jerk as if someone had grabbed hold of her arm by the wrist and yanked it hard in an unnatural direction.   She then sat bolt upright in her chair, suddenly aware of every little detail of her surroundings.  Then the doorbell rang again and again, and the fourth ring was followed by a loud knocking on the door.  The first though that Libby had was that the police had forgotten some little they had intended to ask her about and had returned to grill her again.  But then she realized that the knocking had a far more urgent quality about than someone who had just forgotten to ask a trivial question.  It sounded more like someone who was in dire trouble and needed urgent help. 
Prompted by this apparent urgency Libby all but sprang from her seat and dashed quickly toward the door.  “Who is it?” She said, her hand paused by the lock as if stayed by some sudden premonition of the danger that could lie on the other side of the door, which stood as the only barrier between her and whatever, or whoever, was now banging on her door to be allowed entry into her flat.
“It's me, Harry,” came the familiar if slightly panicky voice from the other side of the wooden barrier.  “Please let me in Libby,” he said and there was something in his voice that sounded to Libby that he was in real trouble.  Not believing that this good man could possibly do her nay harm, and through the concern she had for his wellbeing, Libby then turned the lock on the door and opened it.  
There was Harry dressed in not much more than a t-shirt and jeans, the first time Libby had ever seen him dressed so casually, and visibly shaking with what Libby assumed was outright fear.  Harry then all but fell through the doorway and swung the door shut absently with one swift movement of his hand.   He then dashed past her leaving Libby standing in stunned silence, rooted to the spot from where she had opened the door.   In no more than what seemed like a couple of hurried steps Harry had closed the gap between the door and the sofa.
“Why don’t you come in,” Libby said only just recovering from his whirlwind entrance as Harry plonked himself down on the sofa.   He was sitting with is legs spread wide, elbows resting on his knees and holding his head in his hands.  Libby thought that she must’ve been mistaken as she thought that there were even tear tracks running down Harry’s face as if he had been crying for quite some time. 
“Are you ok? Would you like something to drink?” Libby asked concern for his wellbeing now overriding any sense of foreboding that she may have had and she now found herself crossing over to the sofa where Harry was sitting.  Libby then sat down next to him and started to pay Harry on the back in an effort to comfort him.  Harry didn’t seem to initially notice Libby’s caresses and when he did he first flinched from her touch and the pulled away from her, placing himself in the far corner of the sofa and leaving a gap between them. 
 “I-I-I'm sorry,” Harry said when he saw the confused look on Libby’s face.   “I really didn’t know where else to go,” he then added by way of explanation. 
“Where have you been?  I've been worried about you,” Libby said when she thought Harry looked a little more composed. 
“I just needed to get away for a bit,” Harry said as his eyes darted around the room as if looking for something or someone.
“Why’d you react like that, after that meal?” Libby asked referring to when she had tried to kiss Harry and he had dashed off.  “I mean, do you find me that repulsive?” Libby asked, desperately wanting an explanation for his actions and not having a chance to ask him before now. 
“No, no it's not that,” Harry said as he flicked a stray strand of hair from her face affectionately.
“You're very attractive,” Harry then added as Libby closed her eyes at the feeling of his soft touch and realizing that she hadn't noticed before how soft and gentle his hands were.  At that moment she could just about imagine how they would feel caressing the rest of her body.  Harry could see the look on her face and then suddenly pulled his hand away from the side of her face and inched further away from her. 
“So what is it then?” Libby asked as she returned to her senses.
“I-I-I can’t tell you,” Harry said as he looked down at his hands resting on his lap in what looked like to Libby shame, as if he had done something or could do something terrible. 
“What is it?” Libby cooed sympathetically as she took his hand in hers so to both comfort him and as if she could pass on some of her strength to him through this simple gesture.  Harry looked Libby in the eyes and then looked down to see her holding his hand in hers and just for a moment he felt reassured.  Then as the reality of the situation filtered through his mind Harry pulled is hand away from her grasp and again the shameful look spread across Harry’s face.
“Well, I can’t help you if you won't tell me,” Libby said pulling and twisting back so that her back now rested against the arm of the sofa.  
“You wouldn’t understand, no one would understand,” Harry began to say as he looked Libby right in the eyes and just for a moment Libby thought he was going to tell her.  “I don’t even understand at times,” Harry then said more to himself than anything.
“What is it?” Libby then cooed just as sympathetically as she had down a couple of minutes ago. 
“What did they want?” Harry then asked changing the subject.
“Who?” Libby asked now getting confused again and a little annoyed that Harry was changing the subject.  
“The police,” Harry said, “I saw them leave as I arrived.”
“Oh,” Libby said in reply.  “Don’t change the subject Harry,” Libby then added before Harry could say anything else. 
“No seriously, what did they want?” Harry said pushing the question. 
“They wanted to know where you were,” Libby said as she started to remember what that DI Peters had said which had been temporarily pushed out of her mind by Harry’s arrival. “If you saw them why didn’t you speak to them?” Libby then asked as the question popped into her head. 
“I wasn’t sure what they wanted,” Harry lied knowing perfectly well what they wanted; well he thought that he probably did.  “So what did they want?” Harry asked pressing Libby on the matter. 
“Something about some insurance fraud?” Libby asked more than a little confused about what DI Peters had said about that and then it suddenly hit her.   “Harry, they said you were dead.  Or someone called Harry Wright had died,” she then added growing very concerned. 
“Oh, “Harry said, trying to think on his feet.  “So that’s what happened to him,” Harry said a little surprised at the news himself, but more relived that this man wouldn’t now be looking for him.  “I sort of err stole his identity,” Harry said looking as guilty as a child who had been caught with his hand in the cookie jar. 
“Eh?” Was all that Libby managed to say. 
“Yes, well, I met him a couple of years ago and walked off with his jacket,” Harry said now visibly blushing.  “I've err been living under an assumed name ever since,” he then added rather embarrassed to have to admit his misdeed. 
“And then you killed him?”  Libby asked feeling a knot forming in her stomach as the realization that she was potentially in the same room as a killer.
“No, I have no idea what happened to him,” Harry said a lot more calmly than he felt and certain a lot more calmly than Libby was beginning to feel.  “No honestly that’s the truth,” Harry said as he gestured toward Libby in such a way that he hoped conveyed his sincerity. 
“And he just happened to die?” Libby asked and it was her turn to now rapidly gaze around the room and that knot in her stomach began to change into full blown panic as it started to dawn on her that Harry, or whatever his name was, was now sitting between her and her only means of escape.  Oh god, he's planned this from the very start, Libby thought to herself as she considered the possibility that he had sat on that side of the sofa to deliberately block her escape.  
“Yes I suppose so,” Harry said trying to make his voice sound as convincing as possible, which he didn’t think would be too hard as it was the truth; regardless of how improbable it might have sounded.
“O-o-ok,” Libby said as she could feel the panic start to rise up within her, but she tried to push down any fear that she might so that as not to spook Harry into making rash decisions and in the hope that if she remained calm, even if it were just on the outside, then she might be able to reason with Harry.  Libby also hoped then so would Harry, and she could then somehow work out a way of getting out of this mess or even getting a message to that DI Peters, or some kind of call for help to any else for that matter.
“So, so what's your real name?” Libby said trying to engage Harry in conversation in order buy herself sometime.
“Oh well, I went by John before Harry, but I prefer Harry,” Harry said hoping that there was still someway that that he could get out of this mess without having to tell Libby the truth.  But at this point Harry couldn’t see that there was much chance of that.  Maybe it would be best if the truth did come out, Harry thought to himself, and maybe I could make her understand why I did it. 
“Harry,” Libby started almost too scared of finding out, but knowing that she had to know either way.  “Harry, who is Emily Baxter?” She then managed to ask with more conviction than she actually felt. 
“I was afraid you were going to ask me that,” Harry said not having been able to think about Emily, except in the briefest of moments, for a long time. 
“Who is she, Harry? Did you kill her?” Libby asked as she reached out her hand toward Harry as a comforting gesture.  “It's ok Harry, we can sort this out if you did,” she then said in the softest of tones as if to a small child who had been caught doing something very bad.
“Oh god no, no don’t be silly,” Harry said and a broad smile spread across his lips as Harry tried to defuse the tension that had become clearly palpable between the two of them.  “She’s very much alive,” Harry added as he felt the comforting caress of Libby’s hand on his knee.  He looked at her for a moment with fond eyes and then pulled himself away from her again. 
“Eh?  I don’t get it then,” Libby said looking very confused.  “Where is she? Why does this DI Peters think she’s dead?” Libby added as questions poured out of her mouth almost as soon as she thought of them.
“I don’t know, because it's his job to be suspicious?” Harry said and his eyes light up with a bright humor that matched his smile, but that Harry hadn't felt for a while.  “It is true that I've let things get out of hand, and should have said something earlier,” Harry said with much more somber tone of voice, and expression, as he could see that Libby hadn't appreciated his bright mood.  “I don’t know, certainly at the start I was having too much fun and then things just started to get out of hand,” Harry added in a confessional tone of voice. 
“And you what?  Hurt this Emily Baxter by mistake?” Libby asked not sure that she wanted to know the truth.  “If that’s the case Harry, then I'm sure that the police will understand,” Libby said sincerely in a tone of voice that she hoped would garner his trust and enable him to open up to her. 
“That’s just it, I'm not sure I understand myself,” Harry said now looking more confused that Libby had all evening.  “I can tell you that Emily Baxter is alive and well,” Harry said still hoping that he could avoid the truth. 
“And you have her locked up somewhere?” Libby said maintaining the same tone of voice as it seemed to be working. 
“Oh god no,” Harry said and screwed up his face as if the very idea repulsed him.
“Then where is she?” Libby said starting to feel confused and frustrated by Harry avoidance of her questions.
“Ok,” Harry said and pulled himself as far away from Libby as he could while remaining in the sofa.  He then braced himself to admit he truth for the first time in a long time. 
“I am Emily Baxter,” Harry, or rather Emily sighed with relief. 
“Eh? You what?” Libby asked with an expression that was at the same time a mixture of disbelief, confusion and repulsion all at the same time.  “How do you mean?” Libby asked as the implications of what Harry, Emily, had just said started to dawn on her.
“It's true,” Emily said as she turned her eyes down toward her lap as barely able to face looking Libby in the eye. 
“B-b-but I kissed you,” Libby said disgusted at the thought of being almost tricked into kissing another woman as she had never in the slightest bit ever even considered herself to be curious about such things let alone even attracted to other women.  “When were you going to tell me?” She then asked as she recoiled further away from Emily on the sofa.
“I was hoping that it wouldn’t be an issue,” Emily replied now holding her head in her hands. 
“What you thought that you could just trick me into bed?  Is that it?” Libby demanded of her guest as she stood up from the sofa and simply brimmed with anger. 
“No, no that wasn’t it at all,” Emily started to say as she felt tears start to trickle down her cheeks.  “I'm not even attracted to you like that,” she then added trying to make a mends.  
“What now you're saying that I'm not attractive?” Libby asked as she felt her upper body start to quack with fury and in that moment she just wanted to lash out at this freak who was sitting was in her living room and who had lied to her form the first moment they had met. 
“No, I mean I'm not,” Emily said barely able to say the words herself as she mouth quivered as h started to sob with shame.  “I never met things to get this far,” she then pleaded with Libby who looked as though she was about to bust. 
“Couldn’t you handle being a lesbian then?” Libby spat accusatorily at Emily who then looked up at Libby in shock as the tears started to split into little tributary rivers that streamed down her cheeks and dripped off her chin. 
“Oh god no, I was married for 10 years,” Emily said trying to hold back the tears and stop herself from crying even more.  But the harder she tried the more Emily seemed to sob as if she had been holding it all in behind a damn that had now suddenly been breached by Emily being confronted by the truth and there was nothing she could do to stop herself. 
“Married?  Does he know about all,” Libby then paused unable to find the words as she gestured with her arm towards Emily, “all this?”  Eventually Libby was able to finish the sentence that she had started, but had left hanging half way through. 
“No, no way,” Emily spluttered as more tears all but gushed down her face.  “He's DEAD,” Emily couldn’t stop the words from escaping her mouth and they just exploding out of her like a bullet being fired from a gun.  While the admission didn’t stop her from sobbing, she did feel a certain degree of relief that she had finally been able to tell someone, even though she had probably never really dealt with it herself.
“Oh I'm sorry,” Libby said as the admission of her loss stopped the fury that had been building in Libby for the last few minutes dead in its tracks as if she had been running at full speed and had then suddenly hit a wall that had appeared from nowhere.
“Where you together long? Did you love him very much?” Libby asked not being able to imagine the pain that Emily must have felt in losing someone that close to her. 
  “Yes, very much,” Emily said smiling at the thought of the good times she had spent with her husband.   “Yes, we had been married for about 10 years, had dated for almost 2 years before that,” Emily then added.
“Is that why you?” Libby then asked, but was unable to find the words to express what Emily had been doing and she sat down next to the other woman on the sofa as she felt a wave of sympathy for Emily flow into her.  After all there must have been something of this woman in that nice kind man she had met a few months earlier and had started to feel something for.  
Maybe it was the sense of betrayal more than anything that had caused Libby to fly off the handle a little, after when she had tried to make the first move, it was Harry who had backed away.  And now, with what had been revealed, it sort of made sense to Libby why he had reacted like that. 
“Dress as a man you mean?” Emily said as her sobbing had eased off a bit and she was able to look Libby in the eyes for the first time.
“Well yes,” Libby said not sure how she should feel about this. 
“No, I don’t think so anyway,” Emily said sniffling back the last of tears away.  “I don’t know, at first it was kind of fun, being able to walk around town and no one know,” Emily said, smiling as she thought back to those early days when she had first down go out in her new look.  “And then later, I don’t know, I guess it gave me a sense of strength or something,” she then added and rubbed her eyes dry. 
“I did it more often after I’d been made redundant,” Emily said with a slightly embarrassed smile.  “And sometimes bump into the odd person I used to know from work,” she then added looking rather pleased with herself. 
“Didn’t they recognize you at all?” Libby asked now feeling her former fury starting to subside.
“No, not really,” Emily said.  “The odd ‘do I know you from somewhere?’ but nothing more than that.” 
“So where did you think this was going?” Libby asked getting confused a little confused again and wondering what she expected to gain from all this. 
“I have no idea,” Emily replied shrugging her shoulders honestly.  “It was just meant to be a bit of fun,” Emily then added the words she had been telling herself for the last couple of years. 
“So what happened?” Libby asked and looked as if the confused expression she wore was a permanent feature of her face. 
“I went on holiday for a couple of weeks, and came back to see the police outside of my house,” Emily said.  “I later found out that someone had reported me missing, and at the time I just kind of panicked,” she then added remembering the fear that she had felt when she had seen the police car outside of her house that day.
“So what's this insurance fraud all about?” Libby asked recalling what DI Peters had said earlier. 
“A few months after that I went back to my house and the police seemed to have gone,” Emily started to say.  “So I let myself in and managed to pick up my mail, which included a letter relating to the life insurance policy on Adam, my husband, and got that redirected to another address,” Emily said in a matter-of-fact way. 
 “Oh, and Harry Wright?” Libby asked glad that the other woman seemed to be being honest with her.
“Just some guy I met in a café, and then stole his identity,” Emily replied telling Libby the truth. “I guess him dying was just some kind of coincidence,” she then added sighing with relief that it was finally all out in the open. 
“So why didn’t you just tell that DI Peters all this?” Libby asked wondering where she had put that business card he had left her. 
“I don’t know,” Emily said trying to find a reason that actually made sense and failing, so decided to just be honest.  “Sometimes, when you start with a lie it's hard to stop,” Emily added.
 “A-a-are you going to tell the police?” Emily then stuttered not sure if she could face having to explain this all again.
“Well you really should tell them yourself,” Libby said not sure how she actually felt about all this.  And while her initially anger had all but dissipated now, she did still feel a sense of betray that Emily, or Harry or whatever her name was, had lied to her from the first time they had met.   “Oh and I don’t think that the bank will be too happy either,” she then added as a smile spread across her lips at the thought of how some of her colleagues were going to react.
***
To be Concluded 
