
SEVEN DEVILS

M. Chris Benner
Copyright 2012 Matthew Christopher Benner
Smashwords Edition
mchrisbenner.com

to April Stuart


CONTENTS_______________
1. The Mosquito Warrior
2. The Scattershot 14
3. The Next Nine Days
4. The Blue Sky 
5. The Asterisk
6. The Time to Go
7. The Siege on Philadelphia





a brief interlude about the seven devil nation


The Violent End of Sensei Ki-Jo
I was on my way to the window when everything began to move in slow motion.
Steve and Travis passed on either side of me, running away, their heads low and bodies hunched down. I was dazed as if in a trance, facing the open door to the back deck watching the approaching shower of arrows headed toward the house in which I was standing. They were released from their bows at the same time, all of them joining together deep in the heart of the blackening sky. They grew slim and then, driving back down toward the Earth, only slightly larger. The flames of their tips were only visible as they landed. The early ones hit, one coming in through the window, but two hands grabbed me, pulling me back, back into the kitchen, squishing me down behind cover. The sound of tiny thuds, like miniature feet running across the roof. Windows broke, things shattered. Before the arrows finished landing, I snapped out of the stupor and remembered the goal. 
Travis, Steve, and I were crouched behind the counter.
“You—” I spoke to Steve, “go downstairs and find the rifles.”
“You—” I spoke to Travis, “go upstairs and get the supply bag and then get downstairs to Steve. You two hole-up, stay at the downstairs door until the fire gets close.”
“Where are you going?” Steve asked.
“I’ll be outside. They’re here for me. They want me, they can have me.”
The two men dashed off to follow my plans. They weren’t very well-trained but we had practiced a lot with the long shot rifles. Steve was a good shot but Travis wasn’t particularly good with any gun.
Calmly, I pulled a black-sheathed sword off the wall and walked out the same door that I had stood staring out when I froze, transfixed by the arrows. Smoke was ebbing just above the threshold. The roof was already catching light. I stood at the balcony overlooking the dark forest. Night had almost completely overtaken the soft blue of dusk and the forest was a shield of darkness.
From the sheath, I pulled out the sword and held it up.
Then I howled like a motherfucking wolf.
I let it ring out in echo as a call for blood.
The first man to emerge from the forest was the biggest of them – Maggie the Ogre, the hulking, dagger-wielding mad man I had seen twice before. As the fire spread across the roof, the parameter of the house and the edges of the forest grew in visibility. The hulking man motioned for me to come down from the deck and join him near the edge of the forest, which I gladly obliged. Each step down I thought I noticed an extra face and pair of eyes in the forest – the darkness was pulsing with the presence of the bandits, and I knew there had to be at least thirty of them.
My feet found the grass at the end of the stairs and strolled toward the hulking man. My eyes were on everyone else in the forest I could spot; his eyes were on me and solely me. Before reaching him, I withdrew the nine millimeter gun from the back of my pants and began firing. There were sixteen bullets in the clip, plus two extra clips in my pocket, and I was going to use every one of them.
The first bullet hit the hulking psycho in the arm, causing a look of panic and confusion on his face. The wound didn’t seem to hinder or hurt him much and he tried to dive back behind the tree line. He stumbled over his large feet in the attempt and the next two bullets hit him in the back and in the back of his head. He dropped like a rock but I had already begun firing at each face I had seen in the shadows of the forest.
With each shot fired from the gun, there was a distinct sound that followed when it hit someone. As I fired the fourteenth, fifteen, and sixteenth bullet, I could tell I had stopped hitting people and that most of them had fled backward.
Eject the clip, reload with the sword still in my hand.
An arrow from directly in front of me buzzed past the trees to hit me in the chest just below my weak left shoulder. The gun fell from my hand. The smell of sulfur filled my nostrils and the taste of iron filled my mouth, a sensation that seemed to happen whenever I was seriously injured, one that I had grown accustomed to.
As I gripped the long end of the arrow and snapped it off so only a tiny hunk of stick protruded, a man came running from the forest. He had his sword over his head and clutched with both hands. It was his scream that gave away his position and a bullet whizzed past my ear to hit him in the belly.
As he fell about five feet from me, I bent and picked up the gun, pleasantly surprised to find that my left hand still worked perfectly fine. Without turning around, walking into the forest I gave a thumbs up pointed back toward the downstairs door.
Past the tree line, I found six more bodies.
Two of them had been hit with arrows.
There was another gunshot from the downstairs doorway.
The blossoming fire behind me illuminated deep enough into the forest to see that the bandits hadn’t moved to flank me or fled too far back, they just backed from the light. They formed a semi-circle around me, ten of them pointing drawn arrows; in-between each archer was another man with a sword in his hand, as if back-up.
These were the real deal.
The men that had acted hastily, that had forged away from the group – including the hulking man and the one that had run screaming – were two of the bandits I had encountered previously. The rest of them – the archers and swords’ men weren’t as dirty – they were all wearing billowy blue cloth, their sleeves hanging low.
“If you set-a down your—weapons. I will—speak wif you.”
The voice had called out from behind the line of archers and bowmen.
It had a thick Japanese accent.
I licked my lips and set down both weapons.
Two of the archers and two of the swords’ men stood aside and a tall, dark featured Japanese man walked out. He had on a similar cloth as the others, except his was checkered blue and white. His hair was up in a bun on top of his head and he kept both hands together at his waist, each tucked into the other’s billowy sleeve.
“Why are you here?” I asked him in a stern, low and menacing growl.
“You angered my family,” he said, matter-of-factly.
He continued approaching, staying just outside of arm’s length.
“How?”
“You have disrespected us,” a nearby archer spoke.
The Japanese man turned quickly to the man that had spoken and, quick as a flash, threw a tiny dagger from under his sleeve. It hit the archer in the chest and, as he backed up from the wound, the swords’ man to his right quickly impaled him; then the swords’ man pushed the meat off the end of his sword, picked up the archer’s bow and arrow, and replaced him in the same stance and position.
The gut shot bandit outside the tree line had gotten to his feet and was moving toward the forest when another shot rang out from the downstairs of the house.
There was a brief mist in the fire light and the man dropped silently.
The Japanese man sighed at this, his eyebrows raised as if it were whimsical.
“Him and his men,” the Japanese man continued, “ask-a help. I help.”
I waited for more but that was all he had.
“So what now?”
“I kill you. All your friend.”
That seemed to sum it up best for him because then he threw a dagger at me.
If it weren’t for my reflexes, his dagger would have probably hit my throat; instead, I turned and it slid across the top of my right shoulder, leaving a painful gash. In the brief aftermath of the surprise dagger-throw, our eyes met. Neither of us retreated. I could feel the archers tighten their drawn arrows, the swords’ men at the ready. The dark featured Japanese man and I stared at one another.
There was a short buzz and I was certain that was it.
The Japanese man went pale and fell over.
A moment passed before I noticed the arrow sticking from the back of his neck.
Sensei Ki-Jo was in the forest, firing from a vantage point high up.
All of the archers turned in uniform and fired their shots in the direction of that lethal arrow. Half of the swords’ men did an about-face as well, one half charging toward the shot fired and the other half charging at me.
Bent the second I noticed that fatal arrow, I grabbed the gun in my right and the sword in my left. I fired two quick shots at the charging men and they dropped, but three were still standing and flanking me.  As one circled to get behind me, a gunshot from the back yard rang out and the man dropped. The other barely took notice as they advanced to the point that I had to engage them in battle. The archers had returned their attention to me, already having reached into their quivers to pull another arrow.
Steve and Travis had advanced to the line of the forest.
“Not too far to hit now, are you, bitch?—oh shit,” Travis said, noticing that I was in the middle of a sword fight with two men.
Steve fired a shot, then Travis; they both pulled back on the bolt and another round went into the chamber.
Two archers fell but all of those that remained never took their attention off me.
One swords’ man swung and caught me across the chest but the wound was shallow, as I had been backing up. The second advanced, hopping toward me now that I was wounded. With the momentum of my backward stagger, I ducked low to the ground—BANG BANG the shots rang out from behind me (I don’t know who shot) and both hit the advancing swords’ man in the chest, propelling him backward into half the line of the archers.
The second swords’ man gained his bearing with just enough time to see my sword slash at his leg. As his body fell, I grabbed him and used him to shield me from the arrows fired by the remaining archers. One hit me in the calf and I howled in pain, the others thumping into the swords’ man’s back. Reaching my left arm out from under the side of the half-conscious but dying swords’ man’s body, I fired at every moving body ahead of me.
The clip went empty…
Nothing was approaching, nothing moving…
I finally felt safe enough to go into shock from the massive amount of blood I had lost in such a short period of time.
There were fading glimpses of Steve and Travis saving my life in the light of a burning house. They were forced to move me closer to the fire in order to see better. The house was blazing and I kept my eyes on it. The air was still and the fire rose straight up without swaying much. The flames danced as always, shuffling and flicking out, shaking and nodding and licking the black air. My eyes would flutter and they would pull smelling salts from the supply bag I had ordered Travis to grab before the fight, wafting it under my nose to keep me conscious.
In the moment after the smelling salts, there was a vivid image in my memory of whatever I was staring at:
The house slowly collapsing in on itself.
Embers in the air.
Travis crying.
And there’s a brief memory after they stopped the bleeding. It stays with me because both men took a hand, both sitting on either side of me, and they waited for me to die.
I didn’t find this out until later but I had lost so much blood that there was little hope I would survive. Steve had pumped me full of morphine from the supply bag and, while the bleeding had stopped, shock from the blood loss was surely to kill me before I ever reached a hospital. Steve had decided that the next time I dozed off, he would let me sleep.
And I did doze off again…
But Travis refused and put the salts under my nose.
The next memory I have is of the helicopter that took me to safety.
The next after that is of a rain smattered window—refocusing—Steve and Travis were finally allowed to visit me in the hospital.
When I thanked them in my raspy voice, they told me the Dingane saved me – the mercenary that Bartleby had hired to kill me, the one that had outsourced the job to these goddamn bandits, the one with the South African flag tattooed to his scalp – Dingane the mercenary had been the one to radio the helicopter. He had apparently remained in the area to track the bandits and find their leader and hideout – Charne later told me he had absolutely despised the group, following a safe distance behind them to find their ship so he could pillage it before killing them.
Steve whispered one other thing in my ear before both gave me a sad nod and left.
Once they were gone, the nurse corrected their statement:
“They absolutely saved your life.”
When she said this, I wasn’t paying attention, instead focused on the last thing Steve had whispered:
“Sensei Ki-Jo was…hit with several arrows. Some of the swords’ man survived and fled and…when they left…they took his head with them. And we couldn’t find their leader.”


the siege on philadelphia
(part one – the lead up)


NEW YORK – 5:00 A.M. MONDAY
David wakes to a phone ring – the woman on the line says it’s a 5:00 a.m. wake up call on Monday, August 20th.
He brings his legs around the side and shuffles his way around the room, clothing himself minimally before strapping on shoes and walking down into the lobby. He enters the cab. The cab takes him through the blue dawn streets of New York, pre-rush hour. It’s quiet and the lights are sad, as if they’re slowly realizing they’re no longer necessary in the new blossoming world; relics. The cab arrives at the building and David gets out.
Revolving doors. Escalator. Elevator. Cute doctor.
And she escorts him back.
The surgery ends two relatively painless hours later.
David sits up, a bit groggy. The anesthetic had been local but they gave him nitrous oxide at his request. His head feels as if it’s in a vise again, gauze stuffed on either side of his head.
“How did it go?” he hoarsely hollers, startling the doctor.
The doctor’s thin red lips wiggle.
David doesn’t hear her in the least; her face is happy, which is a good sign.
He gives her a questioning thumbs up.
Then, to his surprise, she signs to him:
“Congratulations. You are going to be fine.”
“Really?” he answers, joining her smile.
“Both ears should make a full recovery within the next two weeks.”
“Fantastic. Yay. Thank you so much.”
“You cannot go to loud events. You cannot ride on an airplane or climb a mountain – do not drastically change barometric pressure. Ears need to begin strengthening again.”
“Thank you so much.”
“Don’t take the bandages off for at least a day – replace them if your ears continue bleeding. Pus and wax will also need to be cleaned out on a regular basis.”
“Gross. Thank you very much.”


JONESBORO – 10:14 P.M. SUNDAY
Chris and Lizzy get a hotel in Arkansas. It has adjacent beds and she’s laying down, over the covers and in her pajamas, while Chris sits on the edge of his bed, cutting away at his toenails. She asks him, “Read me something.”
Chris stops and looks at her, not-quite-but-almost-flabbergasted.
“Huh?…read you what?” he sorta mumbles, turning his head to survey reading material in the room.
“I don’t know. Anything. I miss my dad and when he reads to me, it makes me feel better.”
Lizzy had been sullen after the stop in the flooded town. Knowing there was a ghost town of forgotten and abandoned lives and homes that just got flooded one day because the government felt it was economically viable was nothing short of upsetting; what if they just started deleting places just ‘cause it was economic. And it also made her miss her home, and her father, that much more. She felt incomplete and wanted to see him or even hear his voice, but it had been hard. She tried briefly but there was some sort of problem with his ears and he was going to have to wait to talk and hear her.
“Pickle, do you remember…it’s so long ago. Me an’ you’er in a nice hotel like this when you’er ‘bout four. Yer daddy was in the hospital and your uncle had to leave town an’ I’as watching you. And we stayed in a hotel an’ you kept sayin’, ‘Read me the horror book.’ And I didn’t have it. You did it every night for three nights ‘til yer daddy got released. You remember that, Pickle?”
“No…” she has the look of concentrating too hard.
Chris finishes with his toes. He brushes the clippings onto the floor. Lizzy lets out a disgusted noise.
“They’ll vacuum tomorrow.”
He opens the television guide.
“I’d rather read this than the New Testament.” He begins skimming the pages. “Let’s see…


Here’s somethin’. It’s called the Story of April Mae Junebug. Comes on…tomorrow night.


What’s it about?


It’s ‘bout…an hour and a half long. [laughs alone] Your daddy would’ve found that funny.
So The Story of April Mae Junebug…


Starts happy enough, when a young boy finds a nice girl that’s a little bit older than him. He sort of…tricks her into thinkin’ he’s older. And they become friends but they become friends secretly.
Why?
Well, ‘cause she’s from a better neighborhood. Same reason as always. Different families, different…lives. An’ everyone thinks the little boy is odd since he…he likes girl stuff, likes plays and romance and dressing up and stuff like that—when all the other boys are out beating each other up and climbin’ and gettin’ into trouble.


Your acent is fading.
Yeah, it does that, pickle.
Anyway, the girl – April Mae Junebug – she agrees to meet him near her house, out in a field nearby. So they begin camping together and having fun and they never, you know…smooch or nothin’ gross, they just hang out an’ talk.
One thing they always talk about is the Gerlock – it was a monster that lived in the forest around her house. Every week the boy would make up some scary story about what the Gerlock was doing that week, what little boys he was eating. Sometimes it would be funny and the Gerlock would have taken the week off to go visit his monster cousins, or he’d have eaten Timmy Treble, the nasty choir boy from the church. Sometimes he’d spend the week watching cartoons.
Sometimes the lil’ boy would tell the girl a scary story about him and she’d curl up near him. Eventually he told her nothing but scary stories so she’d curl a little closer – he got really good at it, actually – but after some of the scarier ones, it got hard for her to walk home in the dark.


Anyway, one night…the police find them.
The little boy’s mother called ‘em when she found her son was gone. And they pickt him up and brought him home and she…well, she was meaner than ever to him. She didn’t like the girl or her “uppity” family. She didn’t like the boy sneakin’ out, which was more like other boys than anything else he did.
She just didn’t like the boy, I think.


[ends]
That’s the end?


No-no-no.
The boy decides to leave forever but he doesn’t tell the girl. He just says he has to go for a short time and that he’ll be back. But he asks her to do one thing for him.
[waits; builds suspense]
Okay, what?
There was a post in her back yard and he asked her to put a stuffed animal on it while he was gone. He didn’ wanna scare her so much an’ then leave, so he let her know – if there was one thing the Gerlock hated, it was stuffed animals.
Purple bein’ his least favorite.


Uncle Chris, this is so obviously you. We saw that post yesterday.
You’re too smart for me, pickle. Though the first time we did this—
When I was four?
Yeah, when you were four you didn’t figure it out, smarty pants.
What did you tell me then?
Um…I think I told you the sequel to The Story of April Mae Junebug.
But that’s enough for tonight.
Bedtime.


JOHANNESBURG – 2:07 A.M. MONDAY
When I board the plane home, it’s a charter.
Fuck first class.
I had expected to be home by Monday morning but had stayed to recruit. The plane fits the twelve of us nicely (which is saying a lot, considering all of the men besides myself are bulky rough necks) and I have plenty of room to video conference with Augustus.
“Yeah?” Augustus answers without any affectation.
He’s in his room, in his chair, and wearing the same outfit as when I left three days earlier. I doubt he’s showered or moved much since I left, as I tend to hound him on hygiene while Steve and Travis avoid him at all costs, opting to talk on conference; if it weren’t for me, Augustus would never move for the entirety of a job and he’d never be seen in person.
“First – shower,” I tell him.
He groans like I told a bad joke.
“How did it go?” he asks, suspiciously.
“Like I thought it would.”
He overhears commotion behind me.
“Who else gonna be joinin’ the party?” he asks, even more suspiciously.
My eyes lift over the computer to the South African flag tattooed to the side of Dingane’s scalp; his eyes had grown tired over the years but his body had never seemed more dangerous, his grimace a constant series of lines circling his mouth. Him and his men are scattered around the plane, some of them lying in the large isles or resting on two joined seats with their legs over the side.
“An old…associate. Next, I want you to shut down your operation immediately—understand?” I interrupt as Augustus tries to object and continue on without a response from him. “Good. Disconnect all lines, all drives, everything by noon. What time is it there?”
“Nine a.m.”
“Start packing it up now – I don’t trust the location, we’re gonna move for preparation. Tomorrow is still a go. Okay? Disconnect. Sit around, eat a twinkie…” he’s already unwrapping one, “…and I’ll be there in a few hours.”
As he starts to say something, I disconnect.
From an airline phone, I call the number of a prepaid phone.
“Finally,” Steve answers. “We’re pretty confident there’s only four. Unless they went to Kensington or something—but that doesn’t fit, your theory fits. They’re all along the Broad Street rail line. North Philly, the one near China Town and Market East, the one near Spring Garden by Vine, and the last one’s near Walnut and Locust. All of the places are right along that one line and most of them are around two. The El. Patco. Regional.”
It appeared that, out of all the maps we found, one had (very purposely) been let to slip through the cracks: Mans el-Ray Pasquale had been watching the subway routes.
“Do we know why they’ve waited?” I ask.
This was the one question that remained: Why hadn’t they just done it already?
“Only thing we’ve found so far is a convention Wednesday—it seems likely even though I don’t understand it. But, this is probably the event. Like you say, no coincidences, right? Senator Atwater is making an appearance Wednesday afternoon at the Convention Center.”
“Subway tunnel runs right under it?”
“Yeah. But why organize all of this? If the Senator is behind this, what is it? A fake attack?”
I let out a loud breath of air.
“What?” he asks.
“Just a theory. Wealthy Senator knows about trillions off the Iranian coast based on the research of a mining company he owns part of.” Pause, thinking. “Has a bill to clear the embargo in Iran. And then he contacts people…” pause, thinking, “…to help him, contacts the Seven Devil Nation somehow. They—they agree to help him based on the information he’s brought – but their help is to help the whole, right?” I ask myself, working out the details. “So they handle it. When he’s assassinated, by Iranians, the bill will pass. The water will be free. The man at the forefront to reap the benefits will be dead. And the Seven Devil Nation will have the jump on billions.”
“Maybe,” he says, thinking through it quickly and dismissing it. “Doesn’t matter why. All that matters is when and how.”
“And Steve, please make sure you have enough Hacker-plus-plus for eleven more men?”
“Funny,” he laughs.
“I wasn’t joking.”


BROOKLYN – 4:19 A.M. TUESDAY
And at 4:19 a.m. Tuesday morning, David is shot from out of Fort Hamilton.
So many people talked to him in preparation for the flight; he caught little of it and had practically no idea what was being said 90% of the time. The day prior, as he recovered in his hotel room, David had tried to work out all the details from Shepard how Dawlish Publishing could acquire access to a military aircraft on such short notice. Shepard had explained it repeatedly but the only words David could ever really tell he was saying were NEPOTISM and MONEY; he just assumed that someone had an “in” with the army and paid a fair amount of money for this privilege. There was the sneaking suspicion that Shepard had, on a few attempts, said something along the lines of “testing new equipment” and that it wasn’t the military but “contractors that built military aircraft.” At the sight of David’s panicked face, though, he returned to NEPOTISM and MONEY.
Terror had filled David when he saw the aircraft and the safety precautions, especially those related to an ejection mid-flight, which were absolutely horrifying. As he climbed into the back cockpit of a “something-something-A79” (maybe?), and two men on either side strapped and tethered him tightly to the seat, his nerves caused him to nearly vomit. The fear escalated exponentially every second leading up to the engines starting. Once the cockpit had closed, locking him in with the pilot in front, and the engines rumbled soundlessly – the whole of the craft’s body shaking gently, as if purring – David felt a warm feeling fill his body, like a tiny burning star in his belly; the trip would be alright, he decided, no matter what. And it was too late now.
He had to get to London.
He had to find Kate.
He had to win her back.
There was no other option.
So, at 4:19 a.m. the aircraft took a running leap off the runway traveling faster than David had ever or would ever again travel in his life.


ST. LEWIS – 9:30 P.M. MONDAY
Monday is the long drive to St. Lewis, Missouri.
Chris and Lizzy made one short stop in Jefferson City for lunch. It didn’t feel like it had the same impact as the other stops had on Chris’ adventure. They ate at a nice restaurant and Chris mentioned that Jefferson City (or just outside of it) had been where his father’s family had been from but, in all the years, he had never tracked down a living relative; they had vanished like cockroaches to the light.
After the sandwich, he gave Lizzy the option to stay but she declined, wanting to head to St. Lewis. They arrived at the arch near nightfall and, once again, get a fancy hotel room.
“What’s in St. Lewis?” Lizzy asks, mid-brushing her teeth.
She drools toothpaste onto the carpet.
Chris laughs.
“Ain’t much, really. ‘Cept it’s a few hours to Livingston County in Illinois…”


Isn’t that where that girl lived?
[finishes; gets in bed]


It is. We’re gonna go to a little commune that used ta be there. I don’ know—I hope it’s still there, I ain’t been there since I’as twelve.


Tell me what happened to the old man and his daughter!
Eh, that one’s a bit sad.
Why don’t I tell you the otha’ half to April Mae Junebug?
[thinking] What story did you tell me when I was four?
That one, I think.
I don’t think you did. I…there’s like, I sort of—
Nope, it’as that one. How ‘bout I tell you the story of the place where we’re going?
Mmmmm…okay.


So the police picked me up an’ I’as just a twelve year old boy, lyin’ through’is teeth. ‘Cause I got picked up in another state, the police couldn’t verify much of my information – which’as lucky, ‘cause they’d’ve found me lying though my teeth pretty damn quick.
So they sent me to Illinois but, since they couldn’t find my parents—I told ‘em my parents’re dead and that I left but they knew it wasn’t true and, since I didn’t tell ‘em about my real mother, they shipped me to a commune in the state of Illinois.
And when they shipt me upstate, it was in convoy with prison convicts.
Extraditing convicts to other states.
It was surreal.
I got to sit up front with the driver and there was mesh between us and the guys in back but they kept tryin’ to talk to me and—I mean, big, muscly, scary men were back there crying and plea…[realizes it’s inappropriate]


Anyways, they took me ta this little area where’n there was a new state program where orphaned kids could work together in an environment where they built shelter and grew crops.
It’as called Illinois Outreach. The commune was called Upashamus.
They called it that ‘cause the person that ran it had been there a long time, taking in kids and helpin’ ‘em while their parents’re located and so on, like an orphanage but with more teambuilding. Guy’s name was Shamus and everyone would always say, “Take ‘em up ta Shamus.”
Anyway, that’s where…
[lizzy snores softly]


PHILADELPHIA – 2:15 P.M. TUESDAY
The charter plane pulls up onto a private runway where two stretched Hummers wait for us. The drivers to both open the door for us…then stop, both of them gawking at the eleven hulking men and me.
We split and pile in.
They already have the address to the destination, something I don’t even have. We travel the way there and, even with two stretched Hummers, the insides to both are crammed with people and supplies. Muscles and body odor and sweat fill the interiors immediately following the closing of the door. We open all windows but it doesn’t much help. The driver sections us off.
All of the men are mid-waking, having slept most of the flight to prepare.
They’re dressed similarly, in dark green or black. I told them that, if there was a need for anything more than what I had already bought everyone, I knew where I could find a Russian arms dealer with an impressive arsenal.
There’s only one rule:
No deaths.
We arrive at the destination in the far south portion of Philadelphia, near the water front. It’s an abandoned boat house for larger vessels. From the outside pulling up, the exterior is intimidating. About forty feet high, tin, with rusted orange spreading from every crevice and crack. There’s a window near the top but, otherwise, it’s only an amazingly large garage door and a teeny tiny door (by comparison) for people.
The lot in front of the boat house is wide open and empty. Grass and weeds grow between cracks in an otherwise endless sea of pavement. In the distance, there’s an active ship yard with a large amount of shipping containers.
We get out of the hummers and stretch, everyone (except me) grabbing their duffle bag of clothes and whatever supplies. We enter through the unlocked front door as both stretched Hummers hightail it out of the yard behind us.
Steve and Travis meet us in the first room past the door. The room has a long table with old dirty, rusted chairs on either side and a ton more stacked against the back corner. The room leads along half the yard, opening without a wall or divider at the edge of the massive front garage doorway; there’s a large rectangle of water just past the windows lining the opposite side of this conference room, long, wide passageways on either side leading to the second massive garage doorway, where ships could dock from the ocean.
The place tastes like iron when we enter the air.
The lights are a dim yellow, most of them flickering.
Steve and Travis rise from sitting on the floor; they’ve obviously been waiting for some time. The large table – about the size of four picnic tables combined – is partially covered by maps, pictures, markers, transit lines, and so on.
“Where are we gonna set our shit?” one of them men asks.
“Uh…anywhere you want. We unpack when this is done.”
The men look disappointed.
“Just drop your shit – I’m not paying four hundred thousand for you to be comfortable. Show me you’re worth it,” my attention is mainly on Dingane, who stares emotionlessly back, “We need you up to speed.”
Dingane nods as if he expected nothing less.
“Where’s the hacker?” I ask Steve and he points to a bag.
“Let me talk to you a moment,” he says, pulling me aside.
“Can it wait?” I ask, annoyed; every second counts now.
“It’ll take just a moment.”
I follow Steve just out of earshot.
“Are you sure giving these men the hacker is a good idea?”
“Yeah,” I assure him. “We’ll isolate each one when they do it. If they show – I don’t know, psychotic fits or something, we’ll stop. But they need to try it if it’s going to make them that much more proficient.”
“Alright. I also made this for you.” Steve hands me a little tube like the normal ones, tiny and shaped like a cigarette, except this one’s colored red. “This is…something new. Different.”
“Okay. What is it?” I ask, looking at it.
“Well, imagine if the hacker embellishes intelligence and focus and so on?” I nod. “Okay, well, this one does something similar except it embellishes, say…anger and violence. Or adrenaline, yeah. It turns you into a mo’fuckin’ wreckin’ ball.” He’s trying to sound tough but it comes off as odd and slightly humorous.
“Why…” I look at it, “…would you create something like that?”
“Accident, I guess. I already had something similar that was an accident but I tweaked it a bit, made it stronger in some ways. I want you to have it since you’re already…the fighter, I guess. This is for a situation like that one outside Sensei Ki-Jo’s house. If you…find yourself up against a wall, maybe facing another army, you take this and you’ll…you’ll be damn near unstoppable for about twenty minutes. And it’s one-time-use only so…use it wisely.”
“Okay…thanks, I guess. We need to start.”


LONDON – 12:30 P.M. TUESDAY
David is on a street in London.
The aircraft ride had been exhilarating, causing David to do everything from scream with excitement to vomit into his little airsick bag. It had flown over the ocean with such speed that the landscape appeared to be unmoving. The ocean – miles and miles and horizon to horizon – David could sympathize with his brother’s feelings about the ocean as a vast, breathing entity; then they landed and David vomited so hard the bag fell from his hands and the puke landed all over his front.
He had cleaned himself repeatedly and again once he reached the hotel in Mayfair. Bored with the clothes he packed, David decided to leave and head out to the shops in order to buy new clothes and cologne but it never seemed to get the feeling of puke off him.
So he walks the London streets, passing shop after shop.
Since he’s early and the signing doesn’t start until 2:00 p.m., David takes several detours and becomes lost while window shopping. There are numerous stores and he wanders until finding the exact one he had hoped to find.
He exits the store forty-five minutes later, pocketing his new purchase.
Strolling leisurely, David passes an old woman with a weird expression on her face. She stares at him, passing with a crook eye. He becomes uncomfortably aware that he may still smell like vomit; or, it could be the gauze packed into his ears. Without a second glance, he continues on until, maybe half-a-block later, a young woman gives him a similarly odd look.
She approaches and David’s face grows concerned.
The woman reacts instinctively, waving her hands as if to say she’s not going to hurt him; it must be the gauze. Maybe injured people get different treatment in London. He nods as if everything’s fine but, looking back the way he’d come, he sees the old woman following him. This startles him a moment and he turns to continue on when the young woman nearby reaches out to touch his arm.
David breaks into a sprint.
He runs the remaining block and turns the corner. As his head turns to look back, he smashes into something big and fluffy – a towering man in a large overcoat with tiny, out-perking ears. The man bends down and gives David a hand to pull him up. As David stands, the man’s face changes; first squinting, then recognition.
Ahead of the towering man is long line.
The line stretches a block and leads into a nearby store.
The two women catch up to David, both with a look of concern on their faces. They talk but David points to the gauze, still trying to look down the line leading into the store. People further up the line have turned around, leaning between one another to whisper, watching the incident unfold.
It’s glaringly apparent that David is causing a scene.
David goes to move his arm to his ears when it smacks against an outstretched arm – the young woman is smiling, her hand extended to shake, graciously.
David’s eyes dart, wary and uncertain, his head on a swivel.
Finally, he takes the woman’s hand and shakes it. She places her other hand on top as if to bless the greeting.
Throughout the line, people clutch blinks and blips of something familiar, a familiar yellow and orange. Dazed, his eyes focus on one close to him. It’s a copy of the book Captain Rivet & the Fantastic Ambruister. Some of the onlookers point at David, most smile, most nod appreciatively. Some catch David’s wild, confused gaze and give an alarmed look in return.
His face relaxes as he accepts that he’s not in danger; though still thoroughly confused, he gives a mild wave to everyone in line.
And he can’t hear it but there’s an uproarious applause from the crowd.


PHILADELPHIA – 10:00 P.M.TUESDAY
Steve, Travis, and I synchronize the time on our prepaid cell phones. Our phones and Bluetooth devices have long since been tossed into the water far from our new location. No one knew where we were, and there was no tracking us from here on out.
We stand outside a moment and nod.
Travis and Steve kiss goodbye while I look out to the black of the water.
No one says anything, it’s all nods and Travis engaging us with fist bumps.
And we head off on our separate ways.
…Travis ventures with a group of two others to the four specific entry points in the underground water systems…
(He has to venture down there personally as he’s the only one with any baring of the labyrinthine sewer system, as well as the only person able to use the piece of equipment he’s modified to get through specific seal breaks in each individual buildings’ water filtration system and administer into each one a single fluid ounce of the thick pink liquid Steve had synthesized in the Drexel lab (with my help): It’s a compound that, when diluted with water, boiled, then drank, would result in a sleeplike paralysis within an hour; that, coupled with Travis’ finding the water passageways from the Public Works building, and we were administering a sedative into the water supply. Three of the four buildings were imprecise and had varying damage radiuses, where anyone that boiled tap water for coffee, tea, or anything else would have less than an hour before falling unconscious: the North Philly location had a damage radius of about 50 meters, including the second floor apartments, the pizza shop, and the book store; the location near China Town and the one near Walnut and Locust had a smaller radius of less than 15 meters, the chemical and water system precise to a select few outlets, most of which either unused or in the target destination; and the Spring Garden location had only one source of incoming water, and it strictly went to the target. We hadn’t had enough time to get cameras into each individual location and were unsure if every one of the three identical locations had coffee at the same time as the first location – in the end, the possible risk of casualties (if someone drove shortly after imbibing the liquid) was only a few percentage points less than the possible benefits of drugging everyone in the building; since we had time, and the math was sound, Travis’ objective was more a hopeful backup, a preemptive strike to render those unconscious in each building before the groups entered.)
…Steve goes back to the hotel to clean up the mess…
…And I enter the Center City Police Department and approach the front desk.
“I was told that I was wanted for questioning.”
“Name,” the older, balding front desk officer asks.
After I give my name and he types a moment, he asks me to take a seat.
After waiting thirty-five minutes, a young officer wearing plain-yet-fashionable clothes approaches and asks me to follow him back to an office. I pass the cubicles clustered in the center of the large foyer, several of which are overcrowded with people in handcuffs, half of the shackled people loudly insisting, pleading, justifying, and saying whatever else they can to exonerate themselves.
The plain clothes officer leads me to a back enclosed office and shuts the door behind us. The office isn’t occupied full-time as there are no pictures, no computer, no cabinets, the desk cleaned but for some coffee stains. I take a seat and the officer does the same behind the desk, slapping a manila folder onto the table.
“So why are you here?” he asks in a dominant yet dismissive way.
“An officer from my town told me I was wanted for questioning here in Philadelphia but he—I don’t know what it’s about, I just wanted to clear it up.” My voice is calm and upbeat; it seems that the friendlier and happier I am, the easier it is to act oblivious to details and remain believable; the moment I let my chin lower and gaze into someone’s eyes – reading them, knowing them – while speaking in my normal “robot” tone (as David and Chris sometimes call it), people often see me for the intelligent, manipulative person I can sometimes be.
“Well, there’s nothing much. You were wanted for questioning in a robbery and attempted homicide in your residence but we never found you—just says you left the country, doesn’t even…” he looks through the papers in the folder closer, “…doesn’t even say where you went.”
He looks up at me.
“I left to check on investments and stayed for a bit,” I answer in the space he provides me to fill in the blanks. “My bro and I figured the robbers knew I was leaving but didn’t know my bro was staying with me. I didn’t even find out for weeks after and by then, my bro had recovered and the men had been captured—or found, whatever. It didn’t seem important to come back just for that.”
He makes a thoughtful “Huhn” noise moving his eyes between me and the folder.
I pull my phone from my pocket and begin unconsciously flipping it over and over in my hands.
“How’s your brother?” he asks finally.
“Good—opp,” I say, almost dropping my phone to the ground. “Close. Yeah, my bro and I run a school together south of here.”
“Where?”
“Georgia. Is that all this was about? My bro being wounded?”
“No, there was some stuff about an arson…” he reads, “…but it’s been closed now, forever ago it looks like. And the people that robbed you and shot your brother were found dead shortly after the robbery so it’s been closed for years now, too…”
“So…are we done?” I ask.
“Looks like it. This’ll be taken off the…computer system, I guess – I’m surprised someone mentioned this to you. Actually, I’m surprised I found it – took thirty minutes to find our old computer logs. We switched the system two years back. You say you teach in Georgia?”
I nod.
“And an officer in Georgia told you that you were wanted for questioning? In Philadelphia?”
If I hadn’t already figured it out, this would have been the point when I would have realized that I had been betrayed.
“Yeah…why?”
“It’s just—there’s almost no way someone could have told the officer unless they gave him the contents of this folder,” he holds it up, “this exact one right here. Because it hasn’t been registered on our new file system, which means it hasn’t been relevant for at least two years. And no one has this folder but me, right now. I didn’t find this on our computer system and crimes of this nature aren’t shared between states unless it’s FBI or we’re extraditing for something serious but…we weren’t actively pursuing you in any sense, at all. If you hadn’t come here, we’d never have known.”
He closes the folder.
“Oh well. Tell the officer in Georgia the case is closed. Waste of both our time.”
His face shrinks with irritation, as if he had expected this to end with an arrest, and he gets up to escort me out. As I stand to follow him, my phone drops off my lap; it shatters into several pieces, scattering across the floor and under the desk.
“Shit, sorry,” I say, bending to pick up the pieces.
“Find your way out, Mr. Ridley. Have a nice…” the officer says, more annoyed at the time I’m wasting. He rounds the corner, giving me ample time to plant the square metal EMP emitter right under the empty desk.


LIVINGSTON COUNTY – 3:45 P.M. TUESDAY
The area looks barren, deserted. There’s a large field overgrown with weeds, one that hasn’t been plowed in close to a decade. There’s a collapsed two-story house on the opposite side of what was once a farm, unchecked honey locust lining the parameter of the area. Chris pulls the car to the side of the road, stepping out onto the waving grass between the road and the derelict farm. The passenger door opens and Lizzy hops out, following. There are darkening storm clouds filling the sky in the distance and the wind is beginning to pick up speed; it’s not distracting yet, the sky overhead a ceiling of white cloud, but rain is on its way. It appears to be a passing thunderstorm, violent and quick.
“Lizzy, there’s—I…I would like to talk to you for a moment.”
Lizzy looks at him, anxious.
Lightning strikes the ground in the far off horizon.
Thunder softly bellows from over four miles away.
She crosses her arms in front of her, defensive against the storm.
Chris pushes his hair behind his ear, the nervous habit when he doesn’t know what to say.
“I’ve…I’ve never been much of anything until I met you, pickle. You look at this place—I loved this place. The people here. I learned to play two songs on a Spanish guitar. Met girls, made friends. I met Traycee’s pop here – he worked here one summer and he offered to take me back to his home, back down to ‘Bama to finish school…”
It starts to sprits a small amount of rain mist, as if a humid fog surrounds them.
“Pickle, I ain’t never done much good. I tried but it just—it never seemed to come natural, never amounted to nothin’. And I need you to know…” the wind picks up a small amount but it carries the cool rainy mist, “…I’m…never gonna leave you.”
He finds himself unable to tell her.
“Great!” she says sarcastically, giving a thumbs up and then motioning to the car.
“No, pickle. Here,” he motions to a dead tree stump, “take a seat. There’s a conversation I’ve been meaning to have with you since I first met you.”
“When I was four?” she asks.
“No, I lied. I actually met you when you were a tiny baby…


You’er mother introduced us when you was a few months old.
She uh, she wanted me to meet you.
Why?
Because…she wanted me to meet…her daughter.


[laugh; pause]
What?
This trip…I wanted you to come ‘cause I wanted you to know me—I didn’t know my pop. I asked your daddy to let me take you—I wanted to take you on this trip so you could…I don’t know, so you could know me. And…and if something happens tomorrow or the next day, I want you to remember me.
I’ve just, there’s so much I want to say to you…


[lizzy reaches up as if instinctively knowing her mother’s involved in the conversation]
My broach! The hairpin my mommy gave me – it’s gone!
Okay, okay, calm down. Where was the last time—
Camping. When you made me go camping in that stupid—we have to go back! [begins crying hysterically] I just wanna go home! I miss my daddy…[has more but stops]
How about we go back to Alabama.
Let’s get your hairclip.


[walks over, puts arm around her; balls into his shoulder]
It’ll be okay, pickle.
It’ll be okay. I promise.


PHILADELPHIA – 3:59 A.M. WEDNESDAY
The Center City Police Department dispatch computers blink twice and turn black. The two dispatchers switch their computers off and on; it begins to boot up again, blinks twice, and shuts off. The main area is mostly empty, an officer at the front and another at his desk; their computers blink twice as well, then turn black.
(Travis tried to find ways to theoretically improve the EMP pulse emitter during the short time he had to test it, but there was nothing to find: it was the first time I ever heard him describe something as structurally and conceptually flawless. Since I couldn’t use Augustus and his resources, the mercenaries [at an outrageous cost] introduced me to a trades’ dealer selling black market Asian technology, and the trades’ dealer introduced me to a device called the E.M.P. C.P.U. Disruptor; the size of a phone battery and silver. He said a continuous pulse would disrupt the CPU chip in any modern computer motherboard within a 30 meter radius for ten minutes exactly; the best feature was that it left no damage to the computer – the pulse would just cease to emit – so people often dismissed it as a momentary glitch.)
The dispatchers switch their computers off and on once more to the same results, then use the landline to call nearby districts to see if they’re encountering problems; no one is. Since there aren’t any sparks, the electricity is fine, and I.T. is asleep, Center City dispatch hub is rerouted temporarily to the surrounding districts farther north and west while they alert the Sergeant, who’s on patrol.
Ten minutes pass and, miraculously, the computers reboot normally.
As the dispatch computers function once more, three calls prompt the board one after the other, and all three describe similar disturbances even though they’re blocks apart:
“Think someone’s playin’ with firecrackers. They’sa loud eksplosion. Then I saws a man come out and it lookt like he was’a shot in the belly or somethin’ maybe ‘cause it was dark, ya know,” and, “Think someone kickt in the door next door or somethin’, there’sa loud bang done woke me up an’ people shufflin’ ‘round there,” and, “Them damn kids’er thrownin’ firecrackers at my door—” to which the dispatcher asked:
“Are you sure it was a firecracker and not a gunshot?”
“Honey, I live in Philadelphia. I think I know the difference.”


LONDON – 3:30 P.M.TUESDAY
David’s hand gets a cramp.
He started the signing early and all staff had been divided between the front registers or dealing with David and the crowd. Without asking, they consistently brought him tea and finger sandwiches, always with an exceptionally bright smile. Book after book arrives in front of him. There’s a bin of notecard-sized blank paper attached to a large sign just before the front of the line, reading:


David Ridley is dealing with a personal issue and will be unable to hear any requests. If you have a request, please write it on a slip of paper before approaching.


People hand him notecards and most ask for simple dedications; a lot of women (and a fair amount of men) write their phone numbers for him to keep, some with descriptions of what they would do if he called. A mother and young child about Lizzy’s age step up and David gives them a beaming smile. They don’t hand him a card so he signs his name and adds a best wishes. As he hands the book back, the young girl starts hopping excitedly but, as David realizes, not for him. She’s staring out the large window overlooking the street. Her mother tries to scold her but her attention is also drawn to the window. There’s a camera flashing outside the window and David looks over.
A group of camera men snap photos behind what looks like a tiny floating person…it takes a moment to see that Kate is standing outside the bookstore’s front window, a crowd of paparazzi surrounding her…it takes another moment to see that she’s holding up a blue infant onesy outfit and pressing it against the glass…it takes another moment to understand that she’s holding baby clothes against the window…and crying…the paparazzi snap more and more photos behind her but she ignores them and they catch the stupid look on David’s face while he figures out what’s going on…slowly, gradually, as if unaware where his hand is reaching, he pulls the ring he had bought only hours before at the jewelry store down the street…he opens the case, the mystified look frozen on his face…setting it carefully on the table, his eyes never leaving her face, he turns the ring toward her…she can’t see the particulars but she can tell it’s a ring…and David takes the ring, stands, walks in a dumbfounded, zombie-type shuffle over to the window, bends to take a knee, and even with the glass between them, he offers her the ring…tears pour down her cheeks and she nods her head up and down, her eyes closed and her face covered by a bittersweet smile…she runs around the front and in through the door, past the line, and directly into David’s arms, where they embrace passionately, kissing for all the paparazzi to photograph from outside the store.


PHILADELPHIA – SIX YEARS EARLIER
In a hotel room in Philadelphia, Chris Young lets four-year-old Elizabeth Marie Dawson curl up against him while he looks into a TV Guide and tells her this story:
This is better than the horror book – let’s see…Okay…Simpsons are on later. And I Love Lucy.
That’s not’a story.
Sorry, you’re right. Okay, pickle. There’s something coming on called…April Mae Junebug. And it’s about a young couple—
Princess and Prince?
Sure. Princess April Mae Junebug. And Prince Elee. And they know each other all throughout their childhood and they become best friends but then, one day, the evil Queen scares the Prince away.


Prince Elee travels far away.
And he does many things.
He fights in the Army and he starts many lives. But every life that Prince Elee starts – whether it be a…fisherman or carpenter or…student, filmmaker…no matter what life he picks, it’s never right. And he leaves.
People always miss Prince Elee but the Prince can’t ever settle.
And, one day, he decides he needs to find the Princess, that he’s strong enough to win her back and keep her.


So, on this one day, he returns to his old kingdom and finds everything’s practically the same.
Except, for one, the evil Queen’s gone.
So Prince Elee finds his Princess April Mae Junebug and he tells her, “I’ve loved you since the day I met you. Will you spend the rest of your life with me?”
And Princess April Mae Junebug says yes.
And they [checks lizzy, she’s already sleeping] don’t live happily ever after. Because he leaves again. They love each other and it’s awesome but…as always, he’s irresponsible and one day he gets bored and he just leaves. He’s just so used to leaving – it’s easy. As he always does. But you know what, pickle?
That’s one decision he regrets…out of every life he left, every person abandoned, he always misses Princess April Mae Junebug. He can’t have her back – it ain’t in the cards, but he misses her every day. And he wishes he were different – that he hadn’t grown to be so unreliable, so irresponsible…
And now that I have you, I’m not gonna ever leave you again.
I will not regret any more.


[caress her hair; tears well]
Your mother and I were…
I’d probably regret it if she hadn’t been the one to leave me.
I had no choice – she left. Straight up vanished. And it was sudden and I couldn’t get a hold of her and, it wasn’t ‘till some time later that I found out she had given birth to a beautiful young girl.
She introduced us and I just…
I was happy that she didn’t bother me, didn’t want me around.
And I didn’t bother her.
Hell, I made porn and abandoned everyone I’d ever loved…
She made the right decision.


But…you know, for so long I’ve been looking for something to accomplish. Some amazing feat. Save a ton of lives, prove I’m worth a fuckin’ salt. Be someone. And…and all this time, I never really figured it out until now, until today.
I can be somebody…to you.
I can be somebody to you.


You’re my daughter, pickle.
And I’m never gonna leave you again.


the siege on philadelphia
(part two – the siege)


The four attacks begin at precisely 4:00 a.m.:
Team one, with Dingane plus three, storm North Philly.
Team two, with Steve plus four, storm the Market location.
Team three, with Travis plus four, storm Spring Garden.
Team four, with three plus me, storm Walnut and Locust.
Each team encounters a similar environment with different occupants. The locations always have an open first-floor area; some are apartments, others are just empty floors. Team one finds the area empty while team two finds someone sleeping on the floor. Team three finds one person awake but disoriented from the charges used to blow the lock and hinges on the front door; Travis and the mercenaries fire a series of rubber bullets and the person drops in pain; they zip tie their hands behind their back and their feet together before moving to locate the entrance to the downstairs area. Team four blows the lock and hinges to find two men with semi-automatics waiting behind cover. Myself and one of the burly mercenaries enter last while the other remains flush against the outside wall—BOOM BOOM—and both of us are fired upon and hit, the gun blasts echoing through the small apartment; behind and over us, the two men spray a hail of rubber bullets and litter the enclosed area inside, blowing shallow holes in the walls and causing the lights and outlets to explode sparks.
The third reaches down to pull his friend up first, then myself. The shots had been to our chests, which were covered by Kevlar vests. It hurt and I can feel a broken rib. After the two suited gunmen are strapped with zip ties, we search for the door leading into the downstairs area. The layout of the Walnut and Locust location is nearly the same as the North Philly location, with a narrow hallway from the front door leading to an open room with chairs and tables. The mercenaries go to work checking the walls on either side of the hallway until one of them is greeted with a metallic thump.
The last man brings in the bag and removes more equipment.
Night vision goggles, more charges.
Again, they place charges and we crowd into the open room, crouched against the farthest corner; the explosions go off together and the concussive shock suffocates the air from the room before flooding it with a thick-choking smoke. The men are moving before I’ve gained a sense of balance – the hallway walls are disintegrated and there’s a metal door frame; the door is missing, blown back into a makeshift, dark stairway heading down into even darker territory. One of the mercenaries tosses a concussion grenade down the stairs and there’s a faint thump under the floor. Together, the three men move as a single unit down the stairs and into the room below.
I strap on my night vision goggles and follow behind.
In the green light of the goggles, I see the treasure I’ve sought for days:
There are cages of men unconscious from the concussion grenade, four cages with three men, all of foreign origin. Their bodies hang limp against the mesh wiring of their cages, some upright and slumped like a resting marionette.
The men begin photographing the various maps and details spread across one large workspace cattycorner the cages, which are against the far wall back corner. The rest of the concrete area is empty but for a pantry full of canned and packaged food, and two cots side-by-side, four feet apart, between the wall and the cages.
There is a cave-like exit through the wall beside the cages: the hole was imprecisely created using something like a sledgehammer, with jagged hunks of concrete strewn everywhere and hanging along the top, most of it mixed with brown dirt (which is green in my goggles, as is everything else).
Behind me, the men locate an explosive device – it’s in a metal briefcase.
My head ducks out of the hole in the back – it leads to a narrow passageway that leads out to subway tracks; and I move to the edge of the tracks, searching both directions for the nearest station.
There are lights to one side and not far off.
One of the men grabs me by the collar and drags me back into the room. They’ve finished with their photographs and one of them is holding the metal briefcase. Another of the men sticks an index finger in the air and twirls it, signaling to regroup and disrobe. We remove all of our equipment, goggles, vests, rubber-bullet rifles, and it all goes into the duffle bag that once carried the charges and goggles.
One-by-one we climb the stairs and exit the location.
The warm, fresh air feels amazing, as if I had been in a dungeon for years and we’re only now emerging for freedom, sweet freedom. It’s an odd feeling, as we had only been inside for six minutes and forty-seven seconds.
Two of the men head in different directions once we reach the street; they hail cabs individually and head off toward various routes to lie low until they can leave Philadelphia and the state of Pennsylvania entirely.
The man transporting the explosive device and I take a rental car back to the boatyard location.
On the trip to the rendezvous, I see two cop cars but zero lights.
Everything had gone smoothly…until I reach the shipyard and find a trail of blood leading from one of the four rental cars and in through the front. I can hear noise before entering, something similar to sex: moaning, grunting, and strenuous exertion. I enter through the front door to find Steve covered in blood, looking down at his blood-covered hands and his blood-covered shirt, pacing in disbelief as if he distrusted the reality his eyes were finding. On the table, Travis is sprawled out flat with Dingane and three of his men surrounding on either side, helping.
Steve looks up at me with eyes swollen red and tears pouring down his cheek. He has blood smears on his face and lips, in his hair, and he holds his hands up to me, crying even harder. He approaches and cries into my shoulder, embracing me tightly. My first reaction is shock; my second is to look over at the blood and chaos on the table. Travis’ eyes are wide and terrified as he stares up, avoiding the sight of the wound in his belly. Dingane is on one side of him with a needle, the tip stuck in a vial as he pulls the plunger back and fills it with a clear liquid; one of the men holds Travis’ arm down and Dingane gives him the shot.
Travis gives a startled cough and blood spills from his lips, dripping down his cheek. The men notice but they had already known and, once the shot is in Travis’ bloodstream, the men back away.
Steve’s face is pressed against my shoulder [sobbing, “It went through the vest,” over and over again] and I put my hand on the back of his head, keeping it securely against me, as Dingane gives me a solemn look and shakes his head. Travis’ eyes grow sleepy, half-open, and the panic and terror fades from him.
“He needs his friends,” Dingane’s somber voice makes Steve stop repeating himself and cry harder.
The men leave the boathouse.
Steve sobers as much as he can, wiping his face on my shirt, and he turns around to find Travis’ arm lifted off the table and his hand hanging limp. Steve stifles another sob and walks over, taking Travis’ hand in his. He sits next to him, at his head, and Travis’ turns to look into Steve’s eyes.
I move to the other side and take Travis’ right hand.
Steve gently caresses his thin black hair.
Travis tries to say something but he coughs harder.
“Shhh shush shush,” Steve cries, his voice breaking, “don’t speak, baby.”
Travis looks from Steve to me, his eyes glazed and half-open, blood covering his mouth and cheeks on both sides. There’s a slight smile to his lips. When I open my mouth, I find myself unable to speak…for the first time in many years, my eyes well with tears that slowly fall along the ridge of my nose, over my lips, and into my mouth.
“Baby, baby!” Steve calls as Travis’ eyes begin to close.
With the final moments of Travis’ attention, Steve tells him:
“I love you.” He crosses over him, resting his forehead against Travis’, kissing him with tiny pecks and staring into his eyes. “Let me take you just—” his crying causes him to lose his breath a moment, and then he sobers a little, keeping his head against Travis’, whispering, “just let me take you home okay you can just—you can just you go to sleep and I’ll be there with you okay I’ll be there in your dreams and I’ll be there okay baby okay please no please don’t…” and the crying grows harder as Travis’ body gently shakes, and Steve pleads the word “no” over and over, pecking Travis’ lips and cheeks and forehead in-between each plea, Steve’s hands reaching up to Travis’ face, Steve lifting his head with an expression both aghast and mournful, staring into Travis’ peaceful, smiling face.
And then, well…we feel Travis leave us.
Steve’s soulful, mourning cries are safely tucked away inside the boathouse as I leave him to be with his dead love. My eyes have already stopped crying and I join the newly amassed group, now a group of four as all the others have been dismissed.
This four is the back-up team, the just-in-case team.
“Man was crouched down out the back,” one of the bigger men tells me in a sympathetic tone. “Surprised us all. No way we could have seen him.”
I nod.
“Let’s talk about the fifth location…” Dingane starts.
“What?” he catches me off-guard. My emotions run the gamut, from surprised to anger to fear; having just lost a close friend and received little-to-no sleep, I’m raw physically and emotionally.
“We’ve been discussing each location. They all housed different aspects of the intel. Team one found maps designating the locations we already knew – plus one. There’s a fifth on Girard. What d’you reckon we do on this?”
The team stares at me.
“The police station has the black diary,” I tell them, thinking…“so they’ll know what’s going on by morning. The fronts to each apartment blown open, they already know something by now.” I lick my upper lip and taste Travis’ blood, smeared by Steve when he cried on my shoulder. “Maybe give the police an anonymous tip about the location?”
“And what if that doesn’t work?” Dingane asks, honest and checking his watch. “It’s five-thirty. You got us for another seven hours. You sure you want to sit this out? If you’re wrong, there’s less than two hours—”
“Yes, send your men,” I answer. My thinking had been too fast to verbalize, as it was a new aspect to anticipate police involvement in the taking another location. Dawn was breaking. “Take the Girard train station – hop the track, find a back entrance. If the police know, they won’t get to that downstairs right off the bat. Each one had a hole dug out in the back?”
My eyes cross the men as they give a unanimous nod in agreement.
“Dominick, Henrik, Herman. Take the cars, get to Girard and…”
He looks at me for help.
“Broad,” I answer. “Girard and North Broad. There’s a station on the corner. It’s going to be that one. Which direction on the tracks I don’t know. But you better hurry, stations are going to start crowding soon. You got maybe half hour for the station to be discreet.”
Dingane takes it as a sign and circles a finger in the air.
His three men head to different rental cars; they take off shortly after.
“And you still—” he begins.
“You’re still on track. Take me to the city.”
He nods and we both get into the last rental car. We mark our plans to further reunite in several hours as he drops me off at the hotel, then heads back to the airport. I enter the lobby, the elevator, the familiar hallway, and finally the frigid room where Augustus is tied to a chair. He isn’t yet awake but he startles when I slap him, and he mumbles an incoherent sentence or two before realizing what’s happening.
“We drugged your twinkie,” I tell him before he can ask, “and now I want you to explain it to me, Augustus.”
He doesn’t answer.
The room is freezing and Augustus shakes nearly to convulsion, having just been sleeping several hours in a room set to 40 degrees wearing nothing but basketball shorts and his sweat-stained tee-shirt; I notice he didn’t change or shower since I had last told him to, though it could have been because he’d been drugged and unconscious most of the time.
“Why?” I ask.
His head is hung and I can’t see his eyes.
“They asked first,” he finally answers. “I was already here working on it. Once Bartleby got wind, they knew you’d be soon after. Since you’re a Seven Devil, you aren’t to be killed but…”
“They hired you to sabotage the whole thing, keep tabs?”
“Yes,” he wheezes, coughing and shaking further.
His lips tremble.
“Was it Charne?”
“No.” He shakes his head, still staring down.
“Who is it?” I ask. “Who’s your Philadelphia contact?”
“Someone—I don’t know who, I never met ‘em.”
“WHO!” I scream and smack him again.
He waits a moment, recovering; then he chuckles.
“You don’t seem to get it. They’re everywhere. The guy in Philly – I don’t know who it is. Some guy – there could be a dozen of them, I don’t know. I’d give him information over the net and he’d respond with further instructions. That was it.”
“How do I find him?”
“You don’t. If I can’t track him, no one can.”
“That’s not good enough. You’re going to find him for me.”
“I can’t—” he pleads, looking up.
I stare at him, unimpressed; then, I catch a look in his eye.
“You dirty fucking liar – you already know who it is,” I say angrily, pointing a finger into his chest. He had a familiar glimmer in his eye; he was lying to me. “Who is it?” And I swing, catching him with a soft blow to the temple. I don’t want to kill him or seriously hurt him, only confuse and disorient him until he tells me. “Who is it?” I ask again with another swing.
I stop a moment.
“I’m going to let you freeze in this room, Augustus. Tell me,” I use a tone as if I’m reasoning with him. “Just tell me.”
His lip quivers at the cold and a thin line of bloody drool slips from his lip.
I raise my fist again.
“…Mans el-Ray Pasquale. He’s—stop!” And I go to hit him again, pausing an inch from his face. He speaks faster. “His death was staged – it wasn’t him. That was why I was already here working. I forged the autopsy and made sure you guys would find it and made sure he was dead to the world. He had been with the Senator…it’s how the Seven Devils know so much, it was Mans el-Ray Pasquale. He’s the contact—”
“How do I find him?” I snarl, lifting my fist again.
“I-I don’t know,” he whimpers through chattering teeth.
“Travis is dead. Steve’s going to want revenge and I’m sure he’s going to take it out on you. Tell me now…how do I find him?” I ask again, calmly, lowering my fist.
“I-I-I would follow the bombs. The—the convention center!” he squawks quickly as I raise my fist at the stupid idea to follow the bombs until they explode. “He’s—he’s expecting you to attack tomorrow. He’s knows the plan…”
At my lack of reaction, Augustus realizes.
“You already did it?” I don’t respond. “You already did it. He’s gonna know—he’s gonna know something’s wrong and he’s gonna figure out something. He’s gonna—oh, God, he’s gonna come for me.”
Finally, a piece of good news.
“He’ll come here?” I ask, still calm.
There’s a specific technique I tend to use when I need information, and that’s to let my emotions appear to range wildly from fury to calm indifference – it gives the person being interrogated the assumption that I am a psychopath, as long as I follow through with some element of violence. The apathetic tone tends to produce the best results, and always after a few rounds with the fist and fury.
“He won’t do it personally but one of his men will. When they realize something’s wrong, they’ll find me—oh shit,” his eyes dart to something in his pile of electronics, “there’s a locator in there – he knows! He knows! We got to get out of here.”
I debate my next move.
“Unless you can track him, Augustus, I’m left with no other option than to let his men come. They may get you because I’m going to leave you as bait – but I’ll be able to track them. So if you have some trick, some piece of information…”
“No-no-no, don’t. They’ll kill me.”
I stare at him until I’m sure he’s not going to say anything else useful.
It’s 6:15 a.m.
In less than an hour, I’ll be able to buy a gun – something I’ve begun to feel naked without.
The door to the hotel room opens and I rush the wood shut again, anticipating an attacker. Steve groans from the other side and, softly, says, “It’s me. Let me in.”
I open the door to find Steve in a state of breaking down; his condition is poor, his demeanor sour and aching. His face still has brief flecks of blood that he missed in cleaning himself. He keeps his eyes staring, focused, unblinking; his pupils seem dilated. As he walks in past the threshold, his eyes eagerly search the room – Augustus is right where he left him, tied to that stupid chair he was always leaning back in.
“You bastard—” and he makes a mad dash for Augustus.
I let him take a few swings, Augustus’ face recovering with a horrified expression after each punch; Augustus deserves it but, after three mean jabs, I pull Steve back. It takes a moment to calm him and I let him sit, crying, for several minutes; then I remind him that there’s still something pressing, and explain to him a make-shift plan: Steve is to install one of Augustus’ tiny fiber-optic cameras somewhere in the room and set the receiver to Augustus’ cell phone so that he can safely watch the inside of this hotel room from next door. If anyone is to show up before I get back, he’s to follow them to the street; checking the remaining equipment in the room (and handing Steve the fiber-optic camera and Augustus’ cell phone), I just so happen to find that Augustus still has the pen-like GPS ejector that Travis had used to plant a device and follow the sedan (feels like years ago) – I tell Steve he’s to use it only if he can do it without being noticed.
“I’ll be back in an hour,” I tell him, leaving Steve on the bed with a look of pain and fierce struggle on his face.
When I reach the Russian arms dealer, he’s bent over and shuffling his merchandise, which is stuffed into a series of boxes in the back of a black van. He doesn’t act as if he notices me but, turning around, I notice him tucking a tiny pistol up his sleeve in preparation of an attack.
“My good friend!” he says, laughing before he’s even looked at me; it’s as if he recognizes my presence. He turns and pulls the tiny pistol from out of his sleeve and stuffs it back into a box, returning to smile with an outstretched arm. He shakes my hand vigorously – his jet black hair has grown longer, well past his shoulders, and his face is covered in a neatly shaped, thick black beard. His mouth is hard to see under it but his voice is boisterous, every word a proclamation.
We haven’t seen each other in many years but I used to visit him once a week, often perusing his line of mostly illegal weaponry. He had a knack for talking me into buying highly illegal and dangerous weapons, culminating with a trunk of Russian incendiary grenades that I eventually used to tear down an apartment building.
“What brings you back to this Philadelphia city!” he exclaims in a thick Russian accent.
“I’m just looking for a gun. Semi-automatic, something small and easy to hide but something that has weight.”
“Oh-ho-ho. You, my good friend – I have just gun for you!” he chortles heartily, seemingly overjoyed at my appearance. “Walther P22 – 15 ounce weight,” and he removes the tiny black firearm from out of a box, cradling it in his hand, “2.4 inch barrel, 10 round magazine.”
He hands me the gun and I hold it in my hand…it’s been quite a long time since I’ve held a firearm with the expectation of using it to end a life. The metal feels warm and my fingers clasp the handle like they would a breast in the heat of passion. I pull back the slide, eject the magazine, and find the gun is unloaded; twice I click the slide in place and fire a CLICK at the ground. With guns, there’s a mutual attraction, where the gun feels as if it were made for you and your hand feels as if every curve and line developed just to fit this one object.
“I’ll take it,” I say; it feels right. “Give me a box of hollow point bullets and…what is that?” I ask, motioning toward a toppled-over box half sticking-out.
“That?” the Russian asks, slyly. “You don’t want that.”
“Um, I do. Give me two.”
And I remove the cash, well over the amount it should be – but with that money comes a filed serial number and a set of sealed lips. The Russian shakes my hand vigorously once more, and I head back to the hotel. Halfway there, my prepaid cell phone rings and it’s Steve:
“They killed him, the guys. They’re in dark clothes. Like jumpers. Full body.” He’s half out of breath and running down stairs as he talks. “Opened the door. Sneaked, nothin’ loud. Came in. Killed Augustus—God, he couldn’t defend himself—they killed with some inhaler thingie – prolly blew out his lungs like they did with whoever replaced Pasquale. I’m following them to the—they were in an’ out so quick, I’m runnin’ the stairs to follow them on the street. Over.”
And he hangs up.
The cab pulls up to the hotel not two minutes later.
As I casually walk toward the grand front entrance, a growing silence half a block down catches my attention. There’s an invisible sphere on the sidewalk, one that people can’t seem to enter. There’s a crowd gathered in almost a perfect circle. I run at the same time as I gasp with sad realization, causing my first few steps to stagger a bit. Pushing harder the closer I get to the shield blocking the gawkers, I make it to the front and I find Steve convulsing on the sidewalk. Foam comes out of his mouth like a soap dispenser and I bend near him, wide-eyed and frightened; seldom does my fear stem from something other than police, the only formidable enemy I’ve known. I feel fear for family, too, especially Lizzy. The fear inside my chest as I bend down to Steve is the fear that my friend is leaving me forever…it’s a harrowing feeling, one I’m not accustomed with. It sucks the voice from my lungs, along with the air. I crouch and support his head but I know he has only moments – though he appears to be having a seizure, I know that only moments before I got there a man caught him in some way unaware and gave him a dose of that lethal air, injected it right into his lungs, which were now disintegrating.
The look on his face is of exquisite pain.
“No, don’t…” I whisper to him as he moves, until I notice that he’s handing me Augustus’ phone.
I take the phone and look into Steve’s eyes but, well…Steve’s eyes move through me and I feel him leave.
And I shake it off – it’s an emotionless center I can resort to that nobody else ever seems to have. After the amount of people I’ve murdered – the amount of eyes I’ve felt move through me on their way to whatever else it was that came next (probably nothingness) – all of that death, it left a hidden corner behind my heart where I could tuck whatever emotion I didn’t want to feel, whatever pain or anger or sadness that surged, I could just tuck it away, just hide it behind my heart and move on with my business until I felt the need to remove the bookmarker, the stain.
And I stand, focusing on the phone and merging back into the crowd. Not a single person goes to help, or tries to stop me from what looks like a quick phone robbery – nope, they just stare.
The phone has a map, and the map has a blip that’s two blocks ahead of me.
And I run full sprint, passing businesses and in-between people of the 7:00 a.m. traffic. The streets are busy and there’s a line of people piling down into the subway system. The blip didn’t move much from their spot – just standing in one position – and I close in on the location.
Nothing. No one in jumpers. People crossing the street and, where it seemed to be the middle of the street, there’s no one standing still.
“Fuck!” I slap my head at being so stupid and return full force to the line down into the subway system, pushing past people who shout obscenities, until I reach the dank bottom and run along the white tiled walls – there’s a toll and I pay the man, who hits a button and lets me pass to the yellow line along the edge of the tracks, everyone waiting for the train.
At the end of the platform, I see three men in jumpers.
They don’t notice me and I keep my face down.
There’s the rush of wind and the unmistakable sound of an oncoming train.
I remain still and watch them from next to a pillar.
The train pulls up to the station.
People begin to pile into the train, everyone moving at a snail’s pace as the train’s already a bit crowded. One by one and in doves, everyone moves – and I, with everyone, stand in a line to board the train. Inch by inch by inch until I get to the door and check to find…the men in jumpers haven’t moved. They’re still standing side-by-side near the end of the platform. It took the platform emptying of people before I had a clear vision of the metal briefcase in one of the men’s hand.
And, after a moment, everyone had boarded the train…
Except the three men in dark jumpers…
And me.
They may not have noticed me before but the train doors close and the three men turn to look at me; faced with no other option, and nearly an entire train platform (maybe twenty feet) between us, I turn and face the three men.
Even at a distance, I recognize the face of Mans el-Ray Pasquale.
It’s in the center, with a man at either side.
We stare at each other, three men facing one, while the train ramps up and departs down the track. It’s an awkward moment, as several people on the train have a clear sight of us – we have to wait for them to leave. Then again, Mans el-Ray Pasquale must know I’m the fly in his ointment, and I personally blame this one man—no matter who did it or how—this man, Mans el-Ray Pasquale, is responsible for the deaths of Travis and Steve and Augustus.
And I’m going to be sure to hold him responsible.
Before the train is clear out of view, I throw a disk-like object at the men, pulling my gun and ducking behind the same column I had been peeking around moments earlier. Mans el-Ray Pasquale and one of the men react quickly by rushing to the edge and hopping onto the track; the third man is close to the disk I threw, which begins shooting aluminum powder into the air.
I’m glad I bought two.
My eyes are shielded and facing the opposite direction.
The other men are on the tracks and running the opposite direction.
The man that hadn’t made the tracks in time has his gun drawn. People on the adjacent platform of the station, waiting for the trains heading in the opposite direction, curse and ask questions and holler from the other side—until the blinded man screams and fires his pistols, blind from the flash bang grenade that went off only a few feet from him – BAM BAM BAM – the shots are loud, deafening, and they echo endlessly down the tunnel, reverberating for miles.
Quick, I duck from behind the pillar as the wild shots hit nothing but air and concrete. Two shots from my new Walther P22 and the man twists, falling just shy of the tracks.
I’m already down between the thin iron tracks, running toward the next station a few blocks up – and deadly careful not to touch the electrified third track, which is imminent death. When I look at the phone, I find the tracking device had been planted on the man that had already fallen; the other two were ahead of me somewhere, and I toss the phone to focus in the darkness of the tunnels. Every fifteen feet there’s a red light in-between the oppositional tracks; it keeps a good barometer of distance but it’s still near impossible to see.
As I run, half-crouched, a gunshot – then a bullet ricochets against the tunnel walls. First thinking I’m lucky, it actually served as a warning and a man comes from behind and grabs me by the throat. He knocks the gun from my hand and holds my arms down at either side as the shooter – and I see it’s Mans el-Ray Pasquale – quickly comes close enough to fire a bullet into my body without missing.
The man holding me from behind grips hard and did successfully knock the gun from my hand, but he’s not bigger – and I make him well aware of that fact. A quick stomp, and I bash the front of his face in with the back of my skull. He wobbles and I circle. Mans el-Ray Pasquale is close enough to shoot me and he tries to aim, but I’m behind his friend before he can fire.
There isn’t much hesitation before I toss his friend face-first using his own momentum – and the man lands with a sizzle on the third track, his body convulsing with the electricity coursing it. Smoke and the stale, acrid scent of burnt hair and flesh fills the air. I’m down to the ground, my gun illuminated in the sparks of the electrifying man.
When I stand, Pasquale is already seeking cover and firing—BAM BAM BAM—wildly at me, well aware that I am now armed again. He has the briefcase and I circle to the opposite track, firing while not running but walking succinctly, forcefully, with passion.
This wasn’t going to be a fight, and he was well out-matched.
I toss the second flash bang past Pasquale and onto the opposing track, firing to keep him pinned. Turned, face down, the soft thump of ammonium powder being shot in the air with blinding ferocity, and I pause only long enough until the area is once again in swallowed darkness before firing again, each of my gunshots keep him pinned until I’m close enough to reach him. He’s surprised at my proximity as I near him—he lifts his gun but I hit him three times before he’s even level. The gun drops. Next, I relieve him of the briefcase. We move back onto the adjacent track as I hear an oncoming train headed the opposite direction. The suitcase lies between each of the tracks and I grip Mans el-Ray Pasquale by the scruff of his shirt.
Face to face at last.
He has stubble, I notice. He’s half-Mexican, which I knew from his file, and his skin is a very soft, gently tan shade. His eyebrows are bushy but it may be made more apparent by his wide, frantic eyes. He goes to speak – the rushing wind of the oncoming train making it hard for him to be audible – but I don’t especially care to hear anything he has to say. With a slight jump, I let go and stick a knee in his chest dead-center, causing him to back several steps, trip, and fall onto the opposing tracks, directly in the path of—there’s a rush of wind and metal and speed, the sound of gushing momentum and weight, and once it’s passed, nothing remains of Mans el-Ray Pasquale.


the siege on philadelphia
(part three – the epilogue)


HENRY FOX AT THE PENINSULA CHICAGO
A cab takes me to yet another hotel - the Peninsula Chicago.
At this point, if I never see another hotel it’ll be too soon.
It’s Wednesday near 10:00 p.m. when I pass through yet another polished lobby to yet another golden elevator; up to the 33 floor; and out to the ubiquitous dark-and-swirling-flower-pattern present on the carpet of every hotel hallway. There’s two burly men standing cross-armed outside the door to the Desmond Suite and they stop me roughly.
“I would like to speak with your boss. He’ll know who I am.”
One of the men snaps a photo of me with his camera phone and walks into the Desmond Suite; a moment later, he returns. They frisk me and find I have nothing on me except the stench of travel. They escort me into the suite and everything’s dark except one closed room with a thin white light shining along the gap between the frame and the door; it looks almost as if there’s a massive source of pure, burning white light behind the wood, waiting to burst out.
The first man opens the door while the second follows in behind me; the first remains outside.
The overhead light is bright enough to increase the temperature. The fixture hangs from the ceiling and it looks as if someone installed it specially. The rest of the room is cramped, with bookcases and side tables filled with books and knickknacks and enough tiny plants (mainly cactuses) that I begin to think the overhead light is a heat lamp; once I notice that there’s anoles and geckos roaming the room freely do I believe the overhead light is without a doubt a heat lamp for the terrarium/office.
There’s a silver, metal-framed chair with a black plastic seat in front of a tiny clustered desk. Henry Fox sits behind the desk, bifocals on the end of his nose while he looks down carefully at something in his hand. He makes no acknowledgement of me until I swipe at an anole that tries to steal my seat.
“I see you didn’t bring the man I asked for,” he says without lifting his eyes. He’s got a tiny screwdriver and he’s twisting it into something miniature cradled in the palm of his hand.
I notice a book on the bookshelf next to me.
Captain Rivet & the Fantastic Ambruister.
“Open it,” he says.
I do.
Inside is a blood red inscription:

Henry Fox
Looking forward to meeting you.
David Henry Ridley

He finally puts down the tiny screw driver and, from the palm of his hand, drops the dead carcass of a small lizard as if it were a toy. His face is lined but tough, grey hair and a boxer’s chin.
My lip quivers for a fraction of a second, the anger flushing me with boiling blood. There’s a slight ringing in my ears. The room feels closed a bit tighter. My throat dries and the first bead of sweat drips from my forehead.
“You’re here for one of two reasons…let’s see: Either you’re here to plead for your safety; or, you need money to help fund your faggot school and you’re looking for a handout.”
“I came to tell you something.”
He looks down at me with a scowl.
“Voicemail would’ve sufficed.”
“I wanted to see your face,” I tell him.
There’s a thump-thump from outside the door.
The big man behind me opens the door and finds the room empty. He pulls a gun out and proceeds into the dark suite. Henry Fox watches the doorway while I watch Henry Fox.
“This is over,” I tell him.
There’s another, louder thump from just outside the room.
A moment passes and a large figure takes shape outside the door.
Dingane enters the terrarium/office, a bead of blood dripping from the piano wire clutched between his hands.
The last I see of Henry Fox, his face is shrunken in terror.
Dingane approaches as I leave.
The office door slightly closes with Henry Fox’s frantic attempt to flee or find a weapon…
There’s the gurgling noise of a struggle.
And I exit out the front door, careful not to leave prints.


PRINCESS APRIL MAE JUNEBUG & PRINCE ELEE
It’s early morning when Lizzy wakes in the passenger seat.
Chris drove all night and she looks out the window to find roads familiar in their miles and miles of uniform landscape – red clay dirt roads, forests, creeks, and flat land. Same as before, Chris turns the car onto one of the dirt back roads, following along an embankment until he reaches a sign that says Road Closed.
He parks the car.
Lizzy opens the car door and rushes full speed down the path without closing it. She keeps her eyes open on the ground but her main goal is the post with the stuffed animal, the marker signifying a left turn to the campground.
Chris follows behind but at half the pace and, within minutes, she’s out of eyesight. He picks up speed, panicking that Lizzy may possibly get lost. After he doesn’t see her soon, he begins to run faster and faster. His heart beats heavy in his chest, terrified that Lizzy may end up lost in the woods looking for her hairclip. Breaking into a sprint, his adrenaline pumping, Chris finally hears voices in the distance.
As he comes within sight of the purple elephant nailed to the post, he sees Lizzy facing the forest, looking up, and talking. Arriving shortly after, Chris locates the source of her attention:
It’s a pudgy man – he saw him through the window the other night.
Lizzy’s pleading but the man seems serious.
“Hey, whatchu doin’ back there?” the man asks Chris as he approaches.
“Sorry, we’er out camping the other night and…my niece lost somethin’ important.”
“’Er you two the one’s that went chomped inta my brush over yonder?” he asks, squinting.
“Yeah.”
“Bobby – who is it? What’re you doing…” a woman calls out, approaching quickly but slowing as her eyes find the child. She stops completely as her eyes wander to Chris, her voice trailing.
“Hey, April Mae…” Chris says.
The woman’s features are delicate, her eyes a soft brown. Her cheek has a beauty mark and face is free of aging. Her hair is still in a bob, just as it had been so many years before. Her arms are muscular for a woman – Lizzy notices as the woman quickly moves to Chris and raises an arm. Chris flinches instinctively but the woman wraps her arms around him and gives him a hug.
The pudgy man’s face drops in surprise.
“You know him?” he asks.
April Mae Junebug nods, backing from the hug.
“Leave ‘em be, Bobby. God sake’s it’s a little girl and my friend—” then to Chris, “You remember my brother Bobby. Asshole then, asshole now.”
Chris smiles.
April Mae bends down at the knee, face-level with Lizzy.
“Hello, beautiful,” she says in a warm, practiced tone. “What’s yer name?”
“Elizabeth Marie Dawson – but everyone calls me Lizzy.”
“Well then so shall I, sweet thing.”
“I—” Lizzy’s voice turns frenzied, “—I lost somethin’ campin’ here the other night.”
“You were campin’ here and you didn’t say hi?” April Mae Junebug asks Chris, and he nods, a forsaken look on his face.
“It’s my mama’s hairclip – it’s the only thing I got left of ‘er,” Lizzy says with the tinge of a southern accent.
“Well then we must go find it, sweetie!” April Mae Junebug says enthusiastically.
“It’s in our old spot,” Chris tells her but she already seemed to know.
“I’ll help your…” and she waits for Chris to fill in the gap.
“Niece.”
“I’ll help yer niece go and find her broach – why don’t you go on down and say a few words to yer mama. I’m sure she’d like to hear ‘em.”
April Mae Junebug and Chris share a sad glance, and he gives a solemn nod.
Bobby returns to the house, dismissing all of it grumpily.
April Mae Junebug and Lizzy follow the path to the open field while Chris follows the second path, which dead ends after a few minutes at the entrance to a withered, debris-strewn cemetery. Dead chucks of tree and vines cover the graves, all enclosed by an iron fence half beaten down by the elements and under a thin shield of overhead branches and green, flourishing leaves.
“Hi, ma. It’s Christian.” He crosses the other graves, walking on top of them, to stand directly on his mother’s grave, looking down at the granite stone that’s already beginning to age – her memory wasn’t going to last a half-century, it looked like. Chris thinks a moment, having addressed himself by a name he hadn’t heard elongated in some time. “Christian E. Lee Gibberts—E. Lee’s funny, ma. Edward Lee. I’ll give it to you – funny. What’d you always say? ‘Robert E. Lee – great man but a loser. Lost the war.’ Sort of how you thought of me, wuddin’t?”
He crosses his arms in front of his chest and says a silent prayer.
The silent prayers for his mother were something April Mae Junebug had asked him so kindly to do – “Tell your mother you love her. She may not’ve been a good mother or a good person but there was a person in there, an’ maybe her life wasn’t always peaches and cream, neither. Can’t carry that hate when you think’a yer mother, she brought you here into this world.” When Christian came back – after the commune, after high school and the army – he had come back for April Mae Junebug, and she seemed to have spent the interim just waiting for him to come back for her. Theirs was a sad love story, one that sputtered and stalled, as Chris grew tired of the same thing day in and out – same back yard, same job workin’ on cars in the nearby garage (one he never could get the hang of, not in two years), and same smile on the same face of the same girl he would see every day, forever. When Chris left, he had intended never to form another long-standing relationship and, subsequently, ended up in Florida making amateur porn for his own website within three years; Sadie had the same intentions as he did and that’s why she stuck around so long, and then there was Sarah, Lizzy’s mother.
“I hate you…just, so much,” Chris says. He looks up at the sky of green blocking out a beating, heavy-hearted sun; to his surprise, there’s a small gathering of tears in his eyes. “I’m not gonna cry over you,” he informs her, matter-of-factly, looking down and wiping the damp before it can form and fall. “It might have been hard for you but you made it so…so Goddamn hard for me. I could’ve…I could’ve gotten us out of here. I would’a been smart. You—”
And Chris finds himself finished.
“Goodbye, ma. I love you but…”
And Chris turns and leaves.
Back down the path, a curve at the post, and he finds Lizzy holding up her hairclip in triumphant fashion, April Mae Junebug standing behind her, a sad smile curled across her lips. Chris makes a decision then and there:
When Lizzy is ready to lose the hairclip, she’ll be ready to know about her real father.


THE AFTERMATH
Kate found the positive results of the home pregnancy test two days before the trip to Philadelphia and debated whether or not to tell David. For the entire day they wandered the streets of Philadelphia, she thought of the best way to tell him; ultimately, while at dinner, she settled on the fact that he didn’t need to know. He had lost his hearing, and he missed his child, and he didn’t need to add anything to an already large amount of grief. Once they crossed that ocean, she thought, and after they spent their final days together, he could leave and she could abort the baby and no one would know.
Back in London, she spent her days alone. Word spread that she was back and friends had called to go out drinking but she couldn’t bring herself to do it. After two days and nights of relentless hassling, she finally budged and, Sunday night, went to the bar with her friends. They questioned her when she didn’t smoke, which was new but not especially odd, and they bought shot after shot, washing them down with mixed drinks of vodka or tequila, but Kate refrained.
Her friends noticed immediately, as Kate was one to throw them back.
As they questioned her, buying her drinks that she refused, her closest friend exclaimed, “Yer pregnant, rn’tcha? Class-less street whore!” she laughed, and Kate’s somber expression only solidified the truth.
The paparazzi were waiting for them outside the club as they left. Kate’s friends slurred insults and stumbled, one of them using Kate for support. One of the paparazzi – a fat man named Ralph, who’s round stomach poked out from beneath a stained tee-shirt enough to bare the tuft of coarse black hair around his belly button – kept yelling the normal things London paparazzi yelled at the famous people when they found them alone and vulnerable:
“Show us yer snatch! Lily—hey Lily, why’d yer boyfriend dump you? Is it true he gave you herpes?”
Only Kate, her friend Lily, and a model named Bianca (whom Kate had never met before) were famous or interesting enough to catch the cameramen’s attention; there were four other women with them, none getting the tirade of disrespect from the paparazzi.
“Kate? Why ain’t you sloppy, Kate? Gonna gimme ano’er nice pho’o of’at ‘ere ‘airy snatch? Wearin’ pan’ies?”
The fat man named Ralph was the most vocal but the others were shouting similar things, and every so often they would lower the camera to try and sneak a photo beneath their skirts.
Making sure each of her friends got home safe, Kate returned home to sleep.
When she woke the following day, morning sickness finally set in and she threw up until past noon. There was a phone number penciled on a square sheet of white paper, ominously sitting on her loft’s kitchen counter. Each time she passed it, there would be a reason not to call and schedule an appointment – maybe she should tell David, maybe this would be the only child she could have and aborting it would cause irreparable damage, maybe the paparazzi would find out and publicize it in every paper, maybe this and maybe that, maddening.
It was then that she decided to tell David…she needed—she needed David, he could help and…it didn’t have to be this depressing if she just—but there was no way David would talk to her again, not after—not after abandoning him in Philadelphia, he’d probably…
The most shocking and surprising thought she threw into the argument against herself was Lizzy – the surprise came from an inkling in her when the image of the young girl appeared in her mind; she brightened, there was a glimmer of hope in her belly, and it caused her heart to beat faster.
A part of her actually wanted to see Lizzy again.
And so her thoughts drilled on until Monday night.
As she sat alone eating a box of cereal, the phone rang and she let it go to voicemail. The message was from her friend Lily and it said:
“You’re boyfriend’s popular. Check the bestseller list.”
The next day, she wandered toward David’s signing. She was a bit dazed, almost on autopilot. There hadn’t been a plan, nothing, and she found herself looking at baby clothes. Inside her, deep, she knew she was having a son.
So she bought a blue onesy.
The clothes, the signing, the ring – it happened in such a desperate blur. She had shown up outside the signing and saw him (head packed with gauze) through the window, and had been unable to move further. Tears started, paparazzi showed up…and he proposed.
It isn’t for two nights, on Wednesday night, until things finally slow.
David and Kate are resting on the couch in her living room. She’s cradled under his arm. The television is off, as is the music. Only an overhead light and the shadow of fan blades swinging from the ceiling. A candle’s flame flickers against the slight breeze from the fan on low, its scent described as fluffy pillow.
It’s calm, peaceful.
The past two days of signings had been exhausting, as each one had been packed from start to finish. At the end of each night – two days running – David and Kate had spent the evening curled together without television or music, only white ethereal noises from the SoHo-like London neighborhood around them. David couldn’t hear the sound anyway, couldn’t hear her even if she wanted to speak but she didn’t. Her reasons weren’t as important – they were together now, that was important.
Every so often they look at each other and kiss, then return to the tranquility.
Around 7:30 p.m., David’s phone vibrates with a text from his brother:


BROTHER: How are you? 


There’s a brief back-and-forth between them…


DAVID: I proposed to Kate yesterday. She said yes.
BROTHER: That’s wonderful.
DAVID: She’s pregnant.
BROTHER: Congratulations.
DAVID: I’m sorry I was such an asshole before you left.
BROTHER: It’s ok.
DAVID: No it’s not. I’m sorry.
BROTHER: Forgiven.
DAVID: I saw there have been some deaths in Philadelphia…
BROTHER: The city is safe. For now.
DAVID: Are you a hero?
BROTHER: No.
DAVID: Did you save lives?
BROTHER: When are you coming home?
DAVID: We want to fly everyone out for the wedding.
BROTHER: When is it?
DAVID: We’ll wait however long it takes to fly everyone out for the wedding.
BROTHER: I’ll handle it. We’ll be there in three days.


David sets his phone down and finds Kate’s adoring gaze leveled at him, her eyes watering, cheeks growing flush. She bats a hand at her face for air and says the word emotional several times in a row. David moves over her, pinning her down to kiss her neck and face all over. She giggles and spasms when he tickles her armpits and they share a devious look together.
Her lips move and David stares a moment.
He lets go to write on the pad, Did you say “elephant juice”?
She shakes her head.
He writes on the pad, “Olive juice”?
She shakes her head again, the devious look returning.
“What kind of juice are you talking about?”
David and Kate make love for a total of seven minutes. It starts with aggressive grabbing and undressed, groping hands, lips and tongues, their arms wrapped around each other. They lay under the spinning ceiling fan, the shadow rapidly crossing their bare skin as they roll on the carpet. It’s the ninth time they had had sex in the last two days. Kate had been uber-sexual, from the pregnancy and overwhelming hormones or sheer attraction, David was unsure; only thing he knew was that sex had become astounding, even Earth-shattering since the loss of sound and addition of Kate’s newly unbridled passion.
He can feel her moaning the words, “I love you.”
After their intense, sweaty, seven-minute love-making session, David kisses Kate once more – she’s on the floor, naked but for the pillow blanketing her chest. Her hair is disheveled, sweat forming on her brow.


THE FELLOWSHIP OF THE RING
Four days later, David, Chris, Rough Ralph, hoods from Kate’s side of the party, and I head off for a night of debauchery.
Lizzy spends the day and night with a pregnant Kate, Kate’s mother and sister, Sadie, Pam Noel, Bethany Walker, and Kate’s brash London female entourage; it’s planned as a full day event with a slumber party. All of the girls and women get full-treatment at their favorite spa and salon. They buy new clothes and get Lizzy a beautiful, sparkling dress for the wedding. Since drinking isn’t an option, they spend their day traveling to clubs (sneaking Lizzy into some, to Kate’s mother’s chagrin). In the later evening, they go to the city and gorge themselves at Kate’s favorite restaurant. They rent a suite and fill it with chocolate and champagne and gossip and karaoke and more dance parties and make-up.
Lizzy refers to this forever more as, “The best night of my life.”
The men spend their daytime walking the streets and drinking beer. The male counterparts to Kate’s entourage split off to do their own thing, which no one protests. Rough Ralph calls it quits around dusk, his face flush from day-drinking and his speech low, practiced but faltering. Tire has overcome him before the drink and he heads back to the hotel.
And then there are three.
We seclude in the VIP of a strip club. Fully nude women walk around the dark back area, one with velvet couches sectioned to keep wandering eyes off each individual section. We have a chilled bottle of Don Perignon next to several empties, and the three of us are drunk – one where we haven’t crossed into the abyss, our thoughts still fully formed, but we’re slipping, close, near downright slammed. But, for this short window of debauchery, we’re coherent.
“And so I’m broke. Or near it,” I tell them.
They’re my best friends.
“What! How?” Chris asks.
“—Ha! I gotchu,” David says.
“I spent…let’s see…” I tally the money in my head, “…well, in rentals—room and board, food, equipment, more rentals, travel…the mercenaries cost a pretty penny—”
“Mercenaries!” they both proclaim.
“Yeah, I hired some…” I drunkenly burp, pouring myself another glass of Don with more attention than to my story, “…some mercenaries. Guy named Dingane. He—the prick that poisoned me, he hired this mercenary named Dingane to come kill me some years back. Guy actually ended up saving my life back then and Bartleby—who’s alive and well, the prick.” Under my breath I give a quick, “Prick. Poisoned me.” Then, “Anyway, he got me in contact. There were too many bombs around the city to handle with just my team—”
“Bombs?!” Chris exclaims.
“Team?” David cautiously asks.
“Yeah. I never really told you guys much about the two years I was gone…”
And I tell my best friends everything.
For the first time, I tell them every detail I can recollect in my drunken stupor; and they sit there absolutely mesmerized. I tell them the truth, how the only worry I now have involves the fact that, now that I’ve pissed off the Seven Devil Nation, I may not have them guarding my back anymore, and I certainly don’t have their resources, which I didn’t utilize anyway. I tell them the truth of Philadelphia during the story of Travis and Steve…


THE TRAGIC LOVE OF BONES & FRANKFURT
I lost my crew in all this, though.
I mean, you guys know yer my crew but…this is my crew away from my crew. They were the first men I called when I knew where I was going. And assumed what I had to do. Steve, the chemist from Cincinnati — smart, smart like me smart – and Travis, the black Engineer, super smart.
Anyway, they were with me with Sensei Ki-Jo. I hired them to help me protect myself. I knew Bartleby was out there with his resources – I assumed he had the same resources as his father, which were extensive, global. So I hid in a nowhere forest in a nowhere country and waited, trained, eventually hired them. I wanted weapons for stealth, weapons that I could use quickly and discreetly incase I was attacked in public or wherever, things to keep on myself at all times.
Well, Bartleby had hired mercenaries. Guy named Dingane, his group. They found me when I went hiring people, the only time I emerged. Instead of coming to me, Bartleby’s checks turned bad and his money ran out so they outsourced it to local bandits. The local bandits poisoned the locals so I had to deal with them…


[first, The Chemist, The Engineer, & The Poison of Amerwoncik; The Melting Man; The Marauder’s Trap; Conversations with the Seven Devil Nation; The Return; and then, The Violent End of Sensei Ki-Jo.]


[they start]
Holy shit—
That’s fucking ridicu—


I know, I know. I was there. It was…quite a sight. Now, talking about it all like it’s scenes from some movie, it’s fantastical but being there, just actually doing these things – it’s like a laundry list, things that happened long time ago, things I don’t much think about. Except the arrows. The flaming arrows coming at Sensei Ki Jo’s place, that was—they were…breathtaking. Ez—ecc—ecssquisite. Recommend it, sort of.
Off track.


I got my crew, Steve and Travis. They went to Philly, and we contacted another man named Augustus…
[sips his drink, thinks, lifts the champagne glass]
Lift your drinks to…to Augustus.
[they lift their drinks, clink, sips]
He died a good man. Mistakes, yeah. But a good man.


[looks off in a moment of silence; continues]


While we were at Sensei Ki Jo’s, I mean, it was obvious the two men had started…fooling around the day after they started. There was just an air to them. They didn’t speak about it or anything but I could tell they were…together.


Oh my—[catches himself] Sorry.
David the homophobe, huh?
No, you know I’m not a homophobe. There was just a mental picture in there that I wasn’t braced for—don’t worry, go on. We’re listening.
I think it’s beautiful.
I’m sure you do, Chris.
See, now I feel like shit. I’m not homophobic. You know I’m all for gay rights.
I’m just fucking with you, broseph. You’re more tolerant than I am, actually. ‘Cause my first reaction was to send them home and reneg on the deals I had offered them. Last thing I wanted when I was protecting myself was to homosexuals in a lover’s quarrel. But, truthfully, it helped bring us together as a unit.
They never fought. They never even argued – most I ever saw was a half-drunk discussion that ended with them wrestling, and Steve always won. He was prolly the…pitcher…
Anyway…


We followed the clues.
Man whose name you’ll probably remember, Mans el-Ray Pasquale – he had been privy to some information. The way it seemed, he found out too much and got hisself killed but, in actuality, he was a member of the Seven Devil Nation like I was, a prominent kid that went to an Ivy League school and joined politics.
That reminds me, I wanna get into politics but—we’ll talk about that later. Go on…
O…kay, David.
Mans el-Ray Pasquale planned to detonate several bombs under the city uhhh, the city convention center. Motivations are a bit cloudy but the bottom line involved money, as they usually do. Five in all, we found out, under the convention center by way of the subway system.
Broad Street Line?
Yup. So, we stopped them. My crew with the reconnaissance and, with a number from Bartleby, the mercenaries.


It was all…I mean, it’s all meaningless, in the end.
The Seven Devil Nation has wind of this, that there’s billions in precious metal off the coast of Iran. And they supported the original plan to kill the Senator leading the charge—or at least knew of it—so they’ll continue until they’re successful.
Philadelphia is safe but the Senator moved on to Baltimore for now so…


They’ll get what they want.
Eventually, they get what they want.
Even at the cost of some lives, for the sake of many.
I don’t know how you would even begin to fight against them but, at some point, I’m probably going to have to try.


What happened to Mans el-Ray Pasquale?
I threw him in front of a subway train.
Damn…I really enjoyed saying his name.


Steve and Travis, they used to have these awful nicknames for each other. It sort of started out as…as a Who-Can-Make-The-Worst-Nickname type of game.
Sugarfarts.
Puffy Nips.
Dick Butter.
Frankfurt and Bones were the two most common but they had a ton, all awful. It was one of the few things that – it would usually crack me up but it did gross me out a bit.


Travis was shot in the belly when we were gathering the bombs.
Someone hid and shot him.
The contacts, they got the bomb and made it back with Travis…bleeding, gut-shot, they made it back to the boathouse. And he died there. Steve and I were with him. We—I’ve killed a lot of people.
[large sigh]
Wow, that’s the first time I think…I’ve said that and feel how true it is. I’ve…I’ve killed many men. All of them…well, most of them deserved it but, you know, by those standards someone could murder me clear of conscience. But Travis slipping away was the first time that I—that I really felt someone leave, felt the shell empty.
Steve was crying so hard and it was…he was telling him that he would take him off to the kingdom.
[mournful glance off]


What…what did it feel like?
It felt like a light went off, in a way. Like, like a shadow moved in the room that wasn’t there. It’s a hollow feeling in the belly. The room, it shrinks. The universe feels smaller, the world feels tangible and you can sense it. That the world isn’t everything, it’s finite. It has an end when you circle it all the way around.
The soul exists and it…it goes somewhere.
I’m not religious, I don’t believe it goes to heaven or hell or anything, but it goes somewhere. Light from a flashlight, goes only so far. But that energy’s still out there. Battery to bulb to world throughout.


And Steve died a few hours later.
Pasquale and his two friends shot concentrated dry ice and disintegrated his lungs.
I felt him leave in much the same way, and we were on a crowded street surrounded by strangers. Yet he died in my arms and it was the world shrinking; the circle of crowd around us fell into shadows and the sun beat on us and it was us, him and I at the gateway. He turned his flashlight to me, then past me, then off and gone and I was left holding his body.


These men were my friends.
I hadn’t seen ‘em much while I was gone, while we were putting up the school and working on our business. I didn’t much need them the way I had before. They worked in outsourcing, had good jobs together. Ones where they traveled, worked in their fields, and I talked to them sometimes. Only ever over the internet, they didn’t come my way much.
It’s been…a while since someone died that I truly cared about.


[lifts his glass; joined by two more]
To Steve and Travis…
The heroes.


THE SOMBER NOTE ENDS
We make a brief detour in dour territory, where I contemplate life and the lives of my deceased gay friends.
The naked women meandering the VIP don’t interest us much while I talk but, as I end with a toast, two women walk over for our attention and money; they had been standing on the sidelines, watching as I told something that must have, from a distance, looked intense and captivating.
Both women are gorgeous.
One’s a brunette and one’s blonde, and both are dressed more than the other ladies in the room, tight black brassieres with long, skin-toned stockings. I’m sitting to the right, on the outside edge, with David and Chris on the inlet, a coffee table in front and the left outside edge vacant. The lights are a dim red and purple hue. The brunette straddles Chris and the blonde turns her behind to me and bends over the coffee table, provocatively. She pours herself and her friend a glass of our champagne.
“So I think I want to go into politics—” David begins but Chris abruptly interjects,
“You know that video I made for you, the one I showed you way back when, with the music and the trippy lights and everything—you know that was a joke, right? David and I put together a real one but that was…we were just fucking with you. I had my friend put it together for his class.”
“Yeah,” I nod, my eyes on the blonde as she turns back to me. “I figured it out when I called all the stations and they said I was crazy, there was no way an ad could be nine minutes long.”
David and Chris laugh.
“But you two, you finished a real one?” I ask.
They both nod, all of us a little preoccupied with the women as they sit on the velvet couch, one across from me on the outer left edge and one between Chris and David.
“So…I want to get into politics,” David says for the third time, without interruption.
“Go on,” I urge, half talking to the blonde across from me as her fingers caress her body.
Neither woman has said a word yet.
“I want to go back to Philadelphia. I want to help the school system.”
“Good for you,” both Chris and I say in unison.


THE DIVERGENT LIFE
There is color and life – vibrant, exhilarating life.
There’s a large, rose-colored celebration, not dark. Not gray.
And Uncle Chris’ ex-girlfriend brought us into her house and she was really super nice and awesome, says Lizzy. She had a little baby that was adorable and her husband was like a real live lumberjack or something – we didn’t get to meet him but she was nice.
Wha’ ‘bou’ the fact tha’ yer daddy and I are gettin’ married? Kate asks her.
It’s – absolutely totally awesome! My daddy ain’t been as happy as he has since you bin’ with him.
Are you sure, sweetie? David asks.
Yes, daddy.
Good. Now please stop talking like a southerner.
Leave us, pa. Kate an’ I need ta have girl talk.
There are friends, plenty of friends – God, friends! And they sing to the music and dance and have a good time. There’s a delicious white wedding cake and a fountain of chocolate. There’s free booze, beer, and lots of champagne and appletinis and chardonnay and all that girly shit.
New friends smile while old friends shake hands.
Bethany – I’m so glad you came, I tell her and kiss her cheek. We mingle and I introduce her to Kate, who already knows her from some misshape involving the bar. Bethany Walker and I sit side-by-side during the ceremony, and she touches my hand – I’m grateful for it and we hold hands, even slow dancing during the reception afterwards. Pam Noel and Rough Ralph dance near us, an odd couple on the dance floor, one tiny and one large. Sadie and Chris also dance nearby and I catch them sharing an odd, unfamiliar look with each other – whatever the look is, it isn’t silly, which is what it always was before.
There’s happiness—fucking happiness everywhere, and laughter, infectious, booming laughter.
I’m there in my best tuxedo, my arms wrapped around Lizzy – she’s getting so big – and we’re moving together on the wooden dance floor. She’s standing on my toes, so beautiful, so much older and taller that it’s amazing how big she’s getting.
There’s an interruption near the front table, a clinging glass, signal to the DJ. The music lowers and eyes turn toward the sound.
A former porn star – a friend…he gives a speech:
“I…” he clears his throat, smiling at the attention of 100 people, “Where—where’s the best man?” he says to the head table, and my brother looks through the crowd until he finds me on the dance floor.
My friend finds me, too, and turns away from my brother.
And then he raises his glass extra high and shouts, “To sunshine, health, margaritas, and the beautiful women we love! To all the things that make us happy!”
And then I, well…I raise my glass in return.


A LOOSE END REMAINS
I had August look up the whereabouts of the man I had first know as Sam the Driver and later learned was Ryan D’Andrea – part of a generations-old crime family and nephew to a notorious, recently imprisoned Chicago criminal. It was because of this kid that Henry Fox in Chicago blackmailed me and, though I never intended to do much with the info, I found out the kid was, coincidentally, hiding near London. This was a detail I let slip to my brother and my brother reminds me of this in a text he sends while I’m in a cab taking me, finally, to my home:


DAVID: Sam Cranston is in London?
BROTHER: He was.
DAVID: Where?
BROTHER: 182 Church Road in Potter’s Bar. About an hour north of you.
DAVID: Maybe I’ll go visit him. Got a few days before the show and honeymoon and I’m running out of fun.
BROTHER: Take Chris with you. And you tell Sam to call me the instant you see him.
DAVID: Why?
BROTHER: Uh, I sort of fixed a problem he was having.


It’s evening when they leave and night when they arrive.
Chris naps and David drives the rental he finally got after unnecessarily losing money to cabs. The landscape grows hilly and empty as they move farther and farther north from the city. The GPS takes them to a small town with narrow, single-lane cobble stone streets. Each path is tight and stretches the length of the town entire, sparingly intersecting with almost mathematically precise perpendicular streets, like a grid. The town itself is comfy, a lot of orange glow from closed, opaque windows. Some store fronts have wood signs hanging overhead, most for pubs. There aren’t many wanderers on the sidewalk, which is about the length of a single, moderately sized person.
When Chris wakes, he realizes the car’s slowing to a stop and David’s turned, his eyes narrowed on the numbers to each home in a long row of two-story row homes. The car has closed in on the outskirts of the town, and row of homes ends just past the last street, the final three front doors facing the open land surrounding the minuscule town.
They park next to a grassy knoll, just off the side of the road.
When they exit the car, David thinks something nearby moves. He scans the landscape and finds only hedges, some flourishing green trees (vibrant even in the darkness), and open patches of grass heading toward local farms in every direction out.
Chris gets out of the car, stretches, yawns loudly.
Nothing else moves and David heads to the front door, Chris staggering through the sleep-induced fog. They approach the front door to #182 and knock. There’s a moment and David knocks again. On the third knock, the door opens and David comes face-to-face with Ryan D’Andrea a.k.a. Sam Cranston. He’s in a white tee-shirt and jeans, his muscles bulging with veins as if he had just stopped a routine of push-ups. His chest heaves.
There’s a moment where they meet eye-to-eye.
Ryan looks behind David, behind Chris, presumably at their car—but no, higher, farther behind—David feels the scruff of his shirt yanked down as debris hits him in the face.
There’s a flood of pricks and pracks against the wood frame.
Chris, next to David, is a moment late and something from behind jolts, spins, and shoves him fast and hard in through the front door, a puff of red in the air as the only evidence he had once stood there. Ryan keeps a hand on top of David’s head, pulling him into the apartment and pushing him to the floor of the living room. He grabs Chris’ limp body under the armpits and pulls him further in, kicking the door closed.
The door is forced back open as it bursts with a few dozen tiny pops, the hallway just past and the living room exploding with glass and plaster and debris and porcelain and wood and anything else in the room as the walls blow out with a hundred tiny explosions. The scene is almost poetic, slow, fluff and pillow feathers and shards from the eruption of the volcanic lights raining down in a symmetrical bedlam.
As David’s eyes barely register the mayhem, Ryan is flipping Chris over to check for a pulse. His eyes register nothing – not hope, not dismay – and he moves on, leaves Chris’ limp body, yelling so loud that David can actually hear him over the massive destruction still taking place.
From a back hallway to the kitchen, there’s heavy movement.
Someone drops to the floor with a thud.
Ryan slithers on his belly toward the kitchen. In that instant, he makes a gesture, ensuring that David clearly understands to follow him. When they reach the kitchen, they crawl through a puddle of blood. A woman’s body lies limp on the tiled floor and David recognizes her before seeing her face: it’s Ryan’s girlfriend, the one that had taken massage classes with Sadie.
Ryan’s eyes fill with a fury that David has never seen in a human: His teeth bare in a large snarl, his eyes wild. He twists his head, looking around, and he smacks David, whose attention is solely on the woman and her penetrating, blank stare.
Everything’s happened so fast that David is in shock.
It takes several minutes until the shock has worn off – as it does, David notices he’s in a car with Ryan the Driver. There’s whisps of memory, of crawling out the back door to the garage in the back, then into the car, but nothing sticks and nothing stays as Ryan the Driver guns the engine. The car lurches forward and through the garage door. The sound is colossal and David can hear the faint sound of metal scraping metal, then metal grinding stone. Before the garage door has fallen from the hood of the silver BMW, the right side of the car explodes with tiny sparks. Ryan the Driver bends David’s head down in time to avoid the shots but David catches a glimpse:
There’s a man standing behind David’s rental car. An Asian man. Not just an Asian man, a familiar Asian man, one with multi-colored eyebrows and a scar under his eye. The glimpse is short – the man’s wearing all black, an assault rifle braced against his shoulder and firing at the car; as the car passes, Sinto runs to the driver’s seat of David’s rental car. Not a moment later, the lights are on, the car behind them, Hue Sinto continuing pursuit.
Ryan the Driver’s eyes remain unhinged, crazed; they rush over every inch of landscape as he maneuvers back into the town and down the narrow alleyway-like, cobblestone streets. The high beams are on, driving full speed and turning a narrow corner at 90 degrees. The car slides, the entire left side slamming into the wall and stopping the momentum like a bumper car. There’s a gunning engine, roar of tires, and the car shifts its momentum forward once more.
And then they’re out of the town almost as quickly as they had re-entered it.
There’s farm country to the right, open land with the small town drifting to the left and farther until gone. Ryan the Driver shifts gears again, the car speeding up enough that David’s head flings back involuntarily. David’s eyes glance at the side-view mirror and he notices another car in close pursuit. Though he can’t see the driver, he recognizes his rental car.
Ryan the Driver checks his mirror briefly, downshifts, and pulls the handbrake. There’s smoke on either side of the car and he twists the wheel, the front right quarter panel nosing into the rental car door as he passes to the right.
David catches Hue Sinto’s eyes in the driver’s seat as the man lifts a handgun, pointing it into the car—Ryan the Driver’s already released the handbrake, up-shifting, and the car lunges forward again, catching the side of Sinto’s car with an extra leap of speed and causing it to fishtail.
Hue Sinto drops the gun as he grips the wheel, losing control of the car as it twists and turns, finally spinning around and around and off the road, onto the grass, the back half hitting a fence with a sudden jolt, causing the car’s front end to hop into the air.
Ryan the Driver pulls over, reverses to the crash site, jumps from the car, and rushes to the driver’s seat of the wrecked car. He pulls a swinging and scraping Hue Sinto from the car and begins hitting him again and again, in the face and chest, punching and kicking him over and over again.
David’s still in shock when the police arrive to find him alone with the busted car and dead body of Hue Sinto.


THE END
And I arrive home Wednesday evening, just past dark, almost two weeks to the day since I left.
Pam Noel, Rough Ralph, Bethany Walker, and Sadie had already returned from London, returned to their lives, returned to work and school and kids and such. Chris and Lizzy were staying in London until Lizzy had to return to school. There was to be a large event on Friday night involving a lot of British talent, one where David had been asked to participate.
I wanted to be there but I had my own life to return to.
Before going to Pairadice, before eating at the buffet, before checking on Sadie and the massage school, before doing anything, I enter my nice, clean home. There’s a breath of stagnant air and I open windows. Upstairs, I unpack my carry-on and the first thing I notice is the red cylinder Steve had given me. Energy and enthusiasm had long since abandoned me; the suitcase isn’t fully unpacked before I collapse onto the bed, not asleep but not especially awake.
God I missed my bed.
As I begin to drift off, there’s a thunderous noise in the distance.
I stand and move to the window, opening the blinds.
In the short distance – only a thin tree-line obscuring full view – I can make out the shopping center with my school and my bar as they both blaze in a fit of vengeful fire. Sadie had been teaching there. Pam Noel had been bartending. I smack my face to make sure I’m awake and that the events outside the window aren’t a hallucination…
When a knock at my front door startles me.
Groggy and exhausted to the tips of my fingers, I run the dark hallways, turning on lights as I go. At the landing, I turn on the outside light and open the door. Standing away from my front landing is a ghost, an apparition walking toward me.
“I—you…” I start, with dawning realization.
It hadn’t been a knock at my front door but two knives thrown with enough force to stick outright in a direct line. At maybe ten feet from the door, he enters light. A tall, dark featured Japanese man stands just outside of the porch light. He has a blue-and-white checkered cloth draped across his body. His hair is up in a bun on top of his head and he keeps both hands together at his waist, each tucked into the other’s sleeve. There is a visible scar on his neck and he opens his mouth but, instead of words, a noise erupts like the horrifying sound of a pterodactyl’s screech. The arrow must have hit his vocal chords; this is the man that ordered the archers and the swords’ men outside Sensei Ki-Jo’s house so many years before.
I was never sure he had died there, thinking they may have taken the body of their leader to immortalize him; not once had I thought he got up and walked away but I knew there was a chance the arrow hadn’t severed any main arteries, had only hit and stuck in a hunk of meat.
Behind him, in the near distance, I can see the blazing fire as it reaches dozens of feet into the air, smoke thick and visible in the darkness – I know it’s my school, and the bar, and the buffet, all blazing as if made of matchsticks; this is only a brief glimpse as the dark-featured man advances into the house.
As I back up, the back door between David’s house and my own is kicked open and I hear several footsteps enter; the back door to Chris’ house crashes open as well, and more footsteps can be heard.
I bolt up the stairs and reach my room.
With haste, I push the dresser in front of the door and back up. I bend at the waist and reach under the bed for the tiny case with my handgun. Hitting the digits 5-5-5-5, the case unlocks and I remove the pistol.
Footsteps run full pace up the stairs.
The lights go out – the power shut off – and I’m in darkness.
My hand finds something cold and cylindrical on the bed…
Without much thought, I bring the end of the red cylinder to my lips. This is the back-up, the army waster that Steve gave me as what turned out to be his final farewell present.
The red hacker.
Violent.
Animalistic.
The vicious breath.
The effect is instantaneous with the deep inhale.
My lungs immediately burn as if I inhaled fire and ash.
Alone in the darkness of the bedroom, from out of my chest and lungs comes a blazing red that engulfs my body from head to toe. My clothes feel as though they hinder the effects and I strip naked, gripping the pistol in my right hand as the people outside the door pound harder and harder.
The dresser will only keep them out a short moment longer.
My heart beats so fast I can’t breathe. My body grows numb and the orange and blood red fire grows hotter, concentrated passion and fire and fury, higher, farther, climbing deeper – this time, it isn’t climbing in and down my throat but up and out as if unleashed, as if escaping before I have the chance to change my mind, seething down my legs as if I’ve jumped into a scolding hot, boiling tub. My skin burns down to the soles of my feet and the hair on my body lifts.
I howl at the burning as all of the blood rushes to the surface of my skin.
The pounding at the door stops with my primal howl, then restarts.
And just as the feeling of the vicious breath calms, there’s a brutal explosion the color of pure scarlet, and it mushrooms out and twirls up in the brilliant flames of a bonfire. My elbows tuck in against my sides and bend, my clenched fists on either side of my temples. Every muscle tenses as I lower my head, both eyes closed. The burn is wonderful, like the ability to fly and never fall or fail.
When I stand, the fire is still around me.
It hasn’t finished with me, only prepared me…
A pound, heel against the spine of the door, hinges cracking.
A pound, the door cracks again, louder, caving. 
There’s another howl from my lips, this one an invitation.
And with one more heavy pound, the door opens.
