
Parallel Loop

12 Stories concerning beings and other entities
More than, less than or other than human
Mike Crowson



Copyright Mike Crowson 1990 – 2005
Some of these stories have appeared in small press magazines or other collections
Smashwords Edition 2010



Contents:
Sealed Entrance
Neighbourhood Watch
Something on Account
Cat Burglar
Other Than Human
Trespassers Will Be Persecuted
The Godmother
Parallel Loop
The Price of Success
El Quinto Sol
Word of God
Last Words



Sealed Entrance

I pulled into the kerb, switched off the engine and looked around. There was no sign of anyone who could be Mr. and Mrs. Norris, nor of anything that could be their vehicle. I grabbed my handbag off the front seat, got out of my car and locked up, glancing at my wristwatch as I did so. Five minutes late. It was unlikely our clients had left already so I assumed they were later than I was and studied the outside of the property.
I have never liked showing prospective buyers around anywhere that I haven't seen myself first: on this occasion it was unavoidable, since this was my first day at Harold Grainger Associates and Mr. Grainger had phoned in on his mobile to say he was running late and would I keep the appointment for him.
The 'For Sale' sign stood beside the double gate of a detached house with built on garage. It didn't appear to be anything grand, but looked newish, fairly pleasant and worth considerably more than the asking price. I wondered what the catch was. The place looked empty, the hedge needed trimming but was not wildly overgrown and ditto the lawn. There was a dead bird by the hedge but I hastily kicked it out of sight.
I glanced at my wristwatch again and opened one of the double gates. The latch worked and the gate swung easily on oiled hinges. I wandered up to the garage. It was roomy, but you wouldn't get two cars in. I looked back at the road: still no sign of any vehicle pulling up nearby. In fact, it was pretty quiet. This was the dead end approach road to a small middle-class estate built, I would guess, ten or twelve years ago. I took the bunch of keys and the description of the property from my handbag and opened the front door to take a quick look around.
I passed through a fairly typical hall with a downstairs toilet and stairs leading upwards to the first floor, and went through a door on the right, into a large lounge. There were windows overlooking the front garden and at the end of the room. To the rear there were no windows, but a doorway at the far side of a fireplace led into a conservatory. There was a serving hatch into the kitchen, let into the wall next to the door by which I had entered. In the back wall, balancing the doorway into the conservatory, was a bricked up doorway with a wooden rail over it that suggested curtains, though there were none in evidence. 
I could see that it was the wrong place for a door: right where you'd want a dining table, if you were going to make use of the serving hatch. Having the bare blocks plastered over, the rail removed and redecoration done would make the house more saleable, but why not a window, though? And why leave un-plastered breeze-blocks? I went out into the conservatory.
The place was quite empty, dry and dusty but stuffy and rather too hot. I looked at the outside wall to see how the doorway had been bricked up and was surprised that there was no trace of it. The doorway had been so well filled that I couldn't see where it had been. The brown brickwork looked continuous and original. My mobile phone rang.
"It's Jane from the office," A voice said when I answered.
"Yes?"
"Mr. Norris just rang in. He and Mrs. Norris won't be coming because they've decided to buy another property."
"Pity they didn't phone half an hour ago," I said. 
"That's what I thought," said Jane.  "What's to stop a person ringing in quarter an hour before and appointment time, instead of a quarter of an hour ... "
The phone went dead on me. When I glanced at the display there was a signal but no power and while I watched it went off completely. 
I was unreasonably irritated and jammed the thing away and went back into the through lounge. I wondered why the bricked up entrance bothered me. It did, though. I felt really uncomfortable in that room. I don't think I'd have bought the place, even with the plastering and redecoration done, and I thought there'd be trouble selling it. Possibly that was the reason for the low asking price.
I went out into the garden, locking the front door behind me. A little cloud of green midges hovered like a wisp of green smoke over the pond. I closed the gate behind me and glanced at my watch. It had stopped.
" Damn!" I muttered. The auguries for my first day at Harold Grainger Associates seemed to be turning a thumb down rather distinctly.

I drove straight back to the office, put my mobile on charge and was immediately immersed in all the 'first day' activities that go with starting a new job, in this case as a junior partner in the firm. At lunch I went out to a jeweller's to get my watch battery replaced and then to eat. I remembered the property in Timegate Close and the sealed entrance over soup and a roll in a café in the Market Square. As I was back in the office a minute or two early, I took the time to bring up the file on my computer and scroll through the details. 
The instructions had come via a solicitor and we were selling the property on the instructions of the executors of the late Brian Winter.
Brian Winter. The name rang faint bells and I struggled to recall the context. It seemed to me, though I wasn't quite sure, that he'd disappeared suddenly and without trace a few years ago. I couldn't remember any details, but I thought Sally might know. Sally Newsome is deputy editor, chief reporter and general dogsbody for the local weekly paper. She has a prodigious memory for local affairs and if she doesn't know something herself, generally knows someone who does. My hand hovered over the phone for an indecisive moment, and then I rang the Gazette and asked for Sally.
"Sally? It's Angie Morgan here," I said. "Do you by any chance recall Brian Winters?"
"Vaguely," Sally answered. "Didn't he just disappear in moderately mysterious circumstances about eight years ago?"
"I think so," I said. "It's only idle curiosity, but I'm trying to sell his house and I wondered about the story."
"I don't really remember much about it."
"I just wanted a few fairly general details."
"I'll dig out the old archive stories for you. Are you still at Greengates?"
I told her I'd moved to Howard Grainger Associates and she promised to send photocopies of the archive there.
"If you're wanting more detailed information," she continued, "You could try Detective Inspector Scott. He dealt with the search. About the last case he had before he retired. He still lives around here. The local nick could probably give you his address.
I thanked Sally and rang off. I had a valuation to do next, but I could probably find the former DI Scott on Grainger's electoral roll CD-ROM, without having to bother the police station at all.
II
The retired detective was expecting me because I'd phoned first, and he seemed quite happy to talk about the case. He led me into a very comfortable living room.
"So you're selling Brian Winter's house,' he said.
There had seemed no point whatever in pretence of any kind, so I had told him of my curiosity and my strange feelings about the place.
"It was a strange case," he said. "We went through that house with a fine tooth comb."
"Including the sealed doorway?"
"Especially the sealed doorway," he said. "We had that out block by block. We even poked some of the outer brickwork away, to make sure there was no cavity. I mean, we could see there wasn't but we were being really thorough."
"Was Winters married?"
"There was a wife and a small child," Scott said. "We never found a trace of them either."
"Was the house furnished when he disappeared?"
"Furnished and all or most of their clothes and personal possessions were still in the place. I can't say for sure that there weren't enough clothes and things missing for a few days away, but everything looked to be there."
"Who raised the alarm?" I asked.
"Sister," Scott said. "Geraldine. Now what was her married name? Stone I think. Anyway she reported them missing. I couldn't rule out foul play and I had her watched for a while and questioned her, but there was no evidence of anything. We fingerprinted the house and never found any trace of anyone but the three of them and the sister, and not many of hers."
"What did Winters do for a living?" I asked.
"Good question," said the detective. " He lectured and researched in Quantum Physics at the University and he'd written a couple of books on the subject, one of them a best seller."
"A best seller? What was it called?"
"Don't ask me. I suppose must have seen it but I've forgotten."
"What was it about?"
Scott shrugged disinterestedly. "If I ever knew I've forgotten," he said.
There was a rail over the sealed doorway," I said, changing the subject. "Did you find any curtains?"
"There were heavy velvet curtains hanging there," he said. "I had them taken down and sent to forensics." He paused and I waited. "They gave them a pretty thorough going over. The front was clean but the back was covered in dust from the blocks and cement and there even splashes of the stuff on the fabric."
'The back of the curtains," I repeated, puzzled. "What's the significance of that?"
"It suggests that the curtains were closed when the doorway was bricked up from the other side."
"But you can't get at it from the other side," I protested.
"Exactly," the retired detective agreed. "The whole thing was puzzling and I ended my career with an unsolved mystery."
"What do you think happened?"
Scott scratched his thinning hair. "I think somebody murdered him, but there was no sign of a crime and we never found a body."
"Was his car in the garage?"
"He didn't drive but his wife's car was there."
I felt as nonplussed as before, but more curious, and decided to try and locate Brian Winter's sister.
III
I was on uncertain ground professionally about what I did next. I used the little information on our file plus our CD-ROM of the electoral roll plus the photocopies of the Gazette's archive material Sally Newsome sent me to trace Geraldine Stone and made contact with her.
Mrs. Stone was willing enough to meet me - and she could very justifiably have resented my curiosity and refused to see me - but I had a distinct impression she was holding back. Considering what she did say, I can't imagine what she didn't say. Yes, she had been in the house while Winter was alive and well. I knew that already from talking to DI Scott of course, but I didn't mention seeing the detective.
I told her I was selling the house and that I found the story intriguing which sounded somewhat 'thin', though it was true enough.
"My brother is what you might call a lateral thinking genius," Geraldine Stone remarked, a per pro of nothing.
I thought any genius was a person who could see the opportunities that others missed - in short, a lateral thinker. I also noticed the 'is' rather than 'was'. Did Ms. Stone really think her brother was still alive?
"Did you ever see the doorway behind the curtains before it was sealed?" I asked her, expecting a negative.
"Oh yes," she said. "Brian used it a lot."
I was surprised. "Where did it lead?" I asked.
"To the conservatory. I sat in there a few times myself."
"But it's very well sealed up at the rear," I said, puzzled.
"You've never seen the rear," Geraldine said. I started to say that I had, but she continued, "If you went through the right hand entrance, the view from the conservatory was over the hedge to the woods at the back of the estate, and the outside door lead into the garden. The left hand door, with the curtains across, led into the same conservatory, but the view was different and Brian never let us go out."
My head buzzed. "How was the view different?" I asked, for want of more sensible question.
"There were quite a few different views. The one I liked best was a sort of grassy plain leading towards low hills," she said.
Do you know where you were?"
"I was in the conservatory," she said. "Brian said it was in the same place, but it wasn't. I don't know where it was."
I couldn't take that in and tried orientate myself.
"Did you see any buildings or any other people?" I asked. Geraldine shook her head and I wondered whether that was true.
"Did you see any animals or birds?" I asked, still looking for clues to the reality.
"No."
"Why wouldn't Brian let you go out?"
Geraldine didn't answer. It was not a blank refusal, so much as an obvious consideration of how much to tell me. At last she said, "On the Grassy Plain one he said there were some insects like large green mosquitoes. Brian didn't want Judith or me or little Naomi to get bitten by them."
In that case, why had he apparently taken his wife and daughter there permanently, I wondered. Perhaps they'd gone somewhere else where the mosquitoes were not a problem, but it rather looked as if he'd gone precipitately. While I digested the information she continued, "Mosquitoes in this world carry all sorts of germs like malaria, many of them fatal. I suppose he didn't want us catching anything nasty."
Or bringing it into our world, where nobody would have developed immunity, I thought. I wondered how much Brian Winter had actually said and how much she had thought out herself.
"I understand he was a writer," I said.
Geraldine seemed relieved to change the subject. "One of his books was a best seller," she said, "It still brings in royalties."
"What was it called?"
"Same Places - Other Worlds."
It sounded like it could be an explanation of the science behind the sealed entrance. "What was it about?"
"Parallel universes."
"Did you mention parallel universes to the police?" I asked.
Geraldine smiled a little, but not very humorously. "Not likely," she said. "I just reported the family missing. I think they suspected I'd done them all in or something."
"Did you know your brother was going to seal up the entrance?"
"No. It was a complete surprise. He destroyed the equipment he'd built as well, so nobody could follow him. That was all gone too."
"Do you know why he did it?"
"Not really," she said.
I thought she both looked and sounded as if she might have a very good idea, and that made the more determined to read Winter's book and try and figure it out for myself.

Since I split up with Keith I often find myself at a loose end in bed and either surf the net and turn in far too late or I read in bed. I went online and traced the book through an online second hand bookshop and sent off for it. 'Same Places - Other Worlds ' was neither light nor easy reading, but it was surprisingly interesting, and provided the evening's entertainment several nights in a row.
I was good at science subjects at school, but I have always been able to dowse and do other similar things that science says are impossible. That makes me much more open-minded than most scientists are, and I didn't fancy denying my own skills for three or more years at university, which is why I drifted into selling houses.
In spite of school science, I hadn't known much about how a hologram is produced and that was vital to the rest of it, but I could make sense of it. If you drop two pebbles simultaneously into a still pond, the ripples spread outwards in two circles that eventually meet in a complex of waves and troughs. The scientific term for that is 'interference', and laser light works in the same way.
To form a hologram you split a beam of laser light: half falls directly on the light sensitive plate and the other half bounces off the subject and onto the plate. What is recorded is the interference between the two halves of the beam. Shine a light through the negative at the same angle as the original beam and you get the hologram. I could follow that, and Winter explained that a lot of quantum physicists think the whole universe is holographic: what you might call a projection from a higher level.
According to Brian Winter, an interesting feature of a hologram is that if you change the angle of the beam ever so slightly, you can store another hologram in the same space. Potentially, Winter argues, if the universe is holographic, you could store an infinite number of parallel universes in the same space. Obviously Brian Winter had put his theories to the test. But why had he suspended the test so abruptly?
IV
I parked my car on the driveway in front of the garage and sat looking around. It was a pleasant evening and quite warm. There was still no one about and the midges hovered over the pond as before. I glanced at my watch and checked it against the dashboard clock. I was not sure why I'd come back to Timegate Close, but I wanted to think about the problem in appropriate surroundings.
I got out of the car, locked up and went first to the garage. When I opened the door I was disappointed to find it completely empty. I've no idea what I expected to find, but it wasn't there: somebody, probably Geraldine or perhaps the police had cleared it out. I noticed another dead swallow on the lawn - dead birds would not help the house to sell and I thought I'd suggest a gardener dropping for an hour.
I locked the garage door and went into the house by the front door. I went through the hall and into the lounge. I walked across and stood in the centre of the room, facing the fireplace. What had been Geraldine's exact words? "If you went through the right hand entrance, the view from the conservatory was over the hedge to the woods at the back of the estate, and the outside door lead into the garden. The left hand door, with the curtains across, led into the same conservatory, but the view was different and Brian never let us go out."
Having an open door to another universe in the same space as this one seems to me rather like having a permanently open connection to the internet. Unless you have a firewall and anti-virus software you stand a significant chance of letting all sorts of nasties into your computer. It seems to me that any one or any thing can pass either way through an open door. I looked at the bricked up left hand doorway. Brian Winters had taken all his gizmos, gone through and bricked it up from the other side: Finality?
 He'd taken Judith and Naomi when he apparently didn't even think it safe for them to go outside in some, perhaps all the worlds: Desperation?
According to DI. Scott nothing much was missing from the house, possibly nothing at all, other than the people. Winter must have thought they wouldn't need anything much. 
There was a slight feeling similar to that when you walk across a nylon carpet in bare feet in very dry weather - a sort of static electricity that makes your skin tingle and the tiny hairs on your arms stand up. I don't suppose Brian Winter's equipment could be causing static after eight years, but something was doing.
 I turned and walked out through the hall. On the spur of the moment I turned again and mounted the stairs. Every room, every cupboard was completely empty. I returned down the stairs and went out of the front door, closing it behind me.
I glanced at my watch. The time was exactly as it had been when I stepped out of the car. With an unnamed and unfocussed suspicion I took out my mobile phone. The display was completely blank. The hair on the nape of my neck rippled and a chill gripped my spine.
A second later common sense took over. What could be responsible for discharging batteries? I had been all over the house and seen nothing. The entrance was sealed and, according to Geraldine Stone, all of Brian Winter's electronic equipment was gone. The doorway was closed and nothing could get through. Except that all the equipment was now on the other side. Had Winter himself or some other intelligence opened the door again?
I got into the car. Either a piece of equipment or something live was responsible for the flat batteries. There had been nothing at all in the house, so it couldn't really be equipment, at least not this side of the sealed entrance. If it was something live it lived on pure energy and I'd not seen it. You can't have something with no mass and no dimensions, surely? I shrugged off the flat batteries as a remarkable and very irritating coincidence. It did cross my mind to wonder whether Geraldine Stone's use 'is' rather than 'was' meant that the Winter family were still alive and using the doorway, but that seemed unlikely. 
The tingling of static electricity was present again in the car and I had a vague impression of something present. It was a mildly irritating and somewhat disturbing feeling and I was taken by an urge to get away from Timegate Close. It occurred to me that there might be difference in the sciences of our world and ones parallel to it: moving the laser beam might change the level of vibrations or something. Living things might vibrate at a higher level and be invisible to the human eye or even live on pure energy. I locked the central locking doors, the more logical half of me laughing at the unease of my more emotional side - I'd seen nothing to lock out of the car. 
I slipped the key in the ignition and turned it. There was the click of the solenoid. The car battery was too flat to turn the starter motor. I attempted to unlock the central locking doors. There was no response. The electric window winders wouldn't work, presumably because the battery was flat.
 The ignition light went out. 



Neighbourhood Watch

London Borough of Shadwell
Lakelands Estate Tenants Association
General Meeting
To consider action on crime on the Estate
With:
Councillor George Blankett
(Chair of the Housing Committee)
Housing Department Staff
Local Beat Policeman
7.30 Friday 13th October

I
Shirley Dixon, long term resident of Lakelands Estate and sometime freelance reporter for the Shadwell Herald-Advertiser, in that she was occasionally paid for her contributions, flipped her notebook shut with a sigh of frustration. Councillor Blankett was making wild promises with an eye on the forthcoming local by-election and the local beat policeman was making wildly optimistic promises more generally. Clearly nothing much was about to change.
She looked around for Alex and Jerry, but she could see no sign of them, though her not being able to see them amid the general chaos didn't necessarily mean they weren't present. Several emails were called for.

To:Jeremiah Tombs
CCAlexandra Adams
From: Shirley Dixon (Beltane@excite.co.uk)
 Subject: Tenants Meeting
Hello
What a shambles! Can't see how crime level is ever going to be lowered on this estate with people rowing like that. If the local council keeps its promise of Security Patrols and CCTV cameras it might help - but will they keep their promises? I'm betting that Councillor Blankett only turned up because of the by-election next month. Local beat policeman wasn't much help either - like trying to plug a fist-sized hole in the dyke with your finger?
Shirley
And the two replies
To:(Shirley Dixon) Beltane@excite.co.uk
CC:(Alexandra Adams) Resurrection@nextworld.com
From:(Jerimiah Tombs) Epitaph@nextworld.com
Subject: A Shambles
Shambles? Yes. CCTV cameras? No, they would just steal the bloody things. Councillor Blankett? Yes - Just interested in by-election votes. Whole problem is depressing. Better learn self-defence.
Jeremiah

To:(Shirley Dixon) Beltane@excite.co.uk
CC:(Jerimiah Tombs) Epitaph@nextworld.com 
From:(Alexandra Adams) Resurrection@nextworld.com 
Subject: Tenants Meeting/Shambles/Self Defence
I agree with your analysis. The only way of seeing a rapid improvement would have been if Councillor Blankett was mugged on his way out of the estate. I notice he left his chauffeur on watch in the car park to see nobody broke into his car during the meeting!
With so many walkways linking the four buildings and so many entrances/exits this place is a nightmare (paradise if you're a criminal!!!), but we can't just despair. Jeremiah's observation that we need 'self-defence' is an interesting one. What I'm thinking of is not what he meant exactly, but it's full moon at the weekend!
Alexandra
II
Nick Miller was an almost shaven headed mixed race kid, tall and gangling, with a firm conviction that life owed him a living. He felt he had no need of school or talent or effort, because he could just take anything he wanted without working at it. He was fifteen and known to his friends as Dusty - nothing whatever to do with the armed forces' habit of referring to all Millers as 'Dusty': this name referred to the dust he theoretically raised when running away extremely quickly after staging a mugging, so as to establish an alibi somewhere else, should occasion demand it. He had, on this occasion, an accomplice. Johnny Murphy was thirteen, a local white kid, also tall for his age and with a head shaved in admired emulation of that of Nick. He was learning the trade from an experienced veteran villain with no convictions.
Nick watched Mrs. Elaine Norton get off the bus and look around nervously as she walked towards the estate. Of course, elderly women on the way back from the Post Office on pension days were the most productive targets, but a woman in her early thirties was better than nothing, especially if it was falling dark and she was nervous. He gestured to Johnny, explained why she looked likely for a handbag snatch and they began tailing their target.
At dusk the estate was less decrepit and ugly but more threatening than it was in daylight. The lights on the walkways made an interesting pattern as they reflected in the wet, even though a few were out, making the pattern irregular in places, and you couldn't tell in the dark that some flats were boarded up. The four buildings - Windermere House, Ullswater House, Coniston House and Derwentwater House - formed a loose square. The centre of the square was a car park and a couple of street lamps were not working. In the near dark you couldn't tell that two of the cars had wheels and windows missing, one was clamped and another had a council warning that it would be towed away if unclaimed by a date weeks before. Across the gaps between the blocks ran walkways, which made fine escape routes for muggers, burglars and lesser troublemakers, as well as a good point from which to spit or drop things on those who passed under.
Nick and Johnny followed Mrs. Norton at a distance along the rather unevenly lit footpath in the fine miserable drizzle and watched her turn into one of the two entrances to Windermere House. 
"I'll go up that entrance after her," Nick said. "You wait by the stairs at the other entrance. I'll be right down. I'm going to snatch her bag as she gets out her keys by her flat door and then run off."
The ground floor was well lit - you could see the peeling paint and graffiti, the broken bottles and litter. The entranceway smelt of stale urine and the steps could have benefited from a good wash. The lift was not working and higher up several lights were out on the stairwell. Elaine Norton sighed uneasily as she walked up to the third floor through the patches of menacing shadow. Nick Miller went silently after her, concentrating on the woman. He was concentrating on her so much that he did not notice the presence of a watcher, moving even more silently than he was himself.
Mrs. Norton pushed open the third floor door. There was no glass in the frame - that was swept into a pile on the landing - and she could quite easily have stepped through the space left by the glass. The door banged to behind her. Nick, following closely, stepped silently through the glassless frame to avoid any sound the door might make. The watcher glided through the frame itself, also without a sound.
From this point on everything happened so quickly that neither Elaine Norton nor Nick was quite sure afterwards what had happened or in what order, but both were greatly shocked and startled by the turn of events.
Mrs. Norton took her keys from her handbag and held them up in the poor light to see which was her front door key. Nick took six silent strides and grabbed the strap of her handbag. He pulled. She resisted. Something tapped Nick on the shoulder and said, "A moment, young man."
Nick yelled in surprise and alarm because he had no inkling of another presence. Elaine Norton screamed in alarm at Nick's attack and in surprise at his yell. Inside the flat, Elaine's dog began barking. The neighbour's dog started barking too. Another animal further down the walkway joined the cacophony. Nick took a desperate grip on Mrs Norton's handbag strap and pulled. The watcher prised his fingers loose and pressed something into his hand as he began to run.
The walkways were wet and there was no dust to be raised, but he would have certainly raised some if there had been any. He dived through the far door and went down the stairs two steps at a time.
When Nick arrived panting at the foot of the stairs, Johnny looked at him with a puzzled expression.
"I thought you were after her handbag," he said.
Nick looked down. He was gripping a bag of garbage as if his life depended on it.


London Borough of Shadwell
To: David Cool, Housing Manager
From: Nigel Morris, Finance Director
Re: Lakelands Estate
I recognise the problems of Lakelands Estate and I have read the "National Housing Federation Survey of Successful High Density Estates in London", your copy of which I return herewith.
One does not need to be a sociological genius to understand that fitting a door entry system to every entrance, at the same time as fitting gates to cut off walkways between the blocks, would reduce criminal opportunities - unfortunately, nor do you need to be a financial genius to see that we can't afford it. The cost of these operations, plus CCTV and warden patrols is almost half the total housing maintenance budget for the whole borough for the entire year. It simply cannot be done.
As to your other little problem, the attempted mugging of Elaine Norton, married daughter of Councillor Blankett., Can't you just re-house her somewhere decent and get him off your back? If he has scruples and wants you to do something about Lakelands anyway, spin him some delaying tale about looking for 'Government Funding from the Urban Renewal Fund' or The Mayor of London's Housing Action Fund, or something similar.
Nigel.

email
To:(Alexanda Adams) Resurrection@nextworld.com 
CC:(Shirley Dixon) Beltane@excite.co.uk 
From: (Jerimiah tombs) Epitaph@nextworld.com
Re:First Success
Congratulations. That the councillor's married daughter should be mugged may stir things up a little. I admire your approach to the problem by the way - great lateral thinking, but I think I will go for something stronger. I believe I met just the thing on the astral last week.
Jeremiah

III
Nathanial St John Curbishly's smile on the posters in his car was a forced, professional one and the overall effect was that he appeared just a little smug - but not nearly as teeth-grittingly smug as the real thing standing alongside the car. He was watching his three by-election workers coming towards him and wondering whether there was enough time to start on the Lakelands Estate, just over the road. He had just decided to ring on his mobile for some more workers - three was not really enough to let loose up there: he should have at least another four or five. Put two yobbos as bodyguard for nice old lady, perhaps? He dialled the BNP office number.
Wilf Stacker was not a yob. He was not a very pleasant character in some ways, but he was not a yob, though Curbishley had lumped him with Wazinsky and Scott, who more or less were. Stacker looked smart, for one thing, and was wearing a suit and tie. For another he had a good job in IT support at a City firm and, though he was (like Scott and Wazinsky) a Shadwell United fan, he carefully stayed out of trouble at matches.
"All done, Mr. Curbishley," he said, "Just a few leaflets left."
"How are you for time?" Curbishley asked.
"How about a nifty pint and then another couple of hours?"
"I don't really want us anywhere around here after dark," Curbishley said, and glanced at his watch. "We could have a quick one, meet up with some more workers and do another hour and a half across the road in Lakelands."
"Seems reasonable," Stacker agreed.
"Here," Wazinsky interrupted, "Isn't that what's 'is name, the Nigerian player from West Ham?" They all looked. A well built, fit looking young man was just turning into the estate.
"Out of football kit they all look alike to me," Curbishley said dismissively.
"I owe him one," Wazinsky said dangerously. "He scored for West Ham against us the other week, and when I heckled him I got banned from the ground for a month."
"For heckling?" Curbishley was surprised. "I thought football crowds were one long heckle."
"Yeah, well, sort of," Wazinsky agreed. "But I sort of mentioned his colour and the stewards didn't like it. Anyway, I owe him."
"So let's get him," Scott said, and started across the road. He was accompanied by an eager Wazinsky.
"Not very helpful to a by-election campaign," Stacker observed. "I'd better go and make sure nobody sees anything that can be tied to you, Mr. Curbishley."
Nathanial Curbishley nodded and turned to look up the street, where two policemen were approaching - still some way off but ambling towards him in a relaxed but careful manner.

Obu Nabangi turned into one of the entrances, not really conscious of Scott and Wazinsky running towards him. Fortunately for his footballing career, the lift was working and on the ground floor. As the lift doors were just closing Scott charged in, but he was a fraction too late to catch them. Nabangi went up to the second floor.
"Up the stairs," Wazinsky panted, and the two yobbos began racing up the hard way.
The lift trundled unhurriedly past the first floor, reached the second floor and Obu Nabangi stepped out, though the door onto the walkway. Scott and Wazinsky heard the lift and stormed on up the stairs, too many cigarettes and beers taking their toll. They staggered panting onto the walkway. Nabangi was some way off, ringing a doorbell, apparently quite unable to hear what both young thugs could plainly hear. The baying of a pack of approaching hounds!
Could the sound be on someone's TV? Could it be inside both their heads simultaneously, but not Nabangi's? The stairwell door opened behind them and they were joined by Wilf Stacker, unflustered and unhurried.
"Ah, there you are," Stacker remarked. "Not caught up with your Nigerian foot ..."
"Can you hear that," Scott said hoarsely.
The sound, if was inside their heads, was inside Stackers as well.
"Sounds like dogs," Stacker said. He was still more puzzled than scared.
"Or wolves," said Scott more scared than puzzled.
"And getting nearer," Wazinsky said, rather more 'thoroughly alarmed' than scared and starting to back towards the door.
"Getting nearer from both sides," Scott said.
"Run!" Wazinsky screamed and turned. He could 'see' several big hounds approaching on the walkway, baying as they loped along the, tongues hanging out, teeth bared and saliva dripping from enormous muzzles.
Both Scott and Wazinsky dived through the door and plunged down the stairs, as if the Shadwell United football team had been given a good half time talk by the manager. The West Ham footballer was forgotten. Stacker also moved quickly, but he simply removed the wedge he had used to keep open the lift doors. As they closed he saw the phantom hounds chasing the two would-be thugs down the stairs.

Nathanial St. John Curbishley had been chatting amiably to the two police officers when the mini bus with Councillor George Blankett and the Mayor of London's Housing Advisory Team turned into Lakelands Estate.
"Drat!" Curbishley said under his breath. Out loud he remarked with forced amiability, "I see the local Labour Party is also putting up a spirited campaign." He nodded towards the mini bus, "Councillor Blankett and the Labour candidate were among that crowd."
"Sounds like the hunting lobby," one of the two police officers remarked.
It did sound a little like that. A baying of hounds might (or might not) have been a subjective one, inside all their heads - but the crash of a vehicle against something solid could be heard, and that wasn't. Two figures dived across the road to the car to stand there gasping and panting. A third strolled across in more leisurely fashion.
"Have these two been up to something?" Curbishly asked.
"Good as gold," said Stacker. "Just a little keep fit exercise."
Curbishley looked doubtfully at his two workers. "They don't look very fit to me," he said.
"They came over here as if the hounds of hell were after them," the talkative policeman said.
"They were," remarked Stacker. Somebody might have asked what he meant, but there was the sound of an approaching ambulance.

email
From:(Shirley Dixon) Beltane@excite.co.uk 
To: (Jremiah Tombs) Epitaph@nextworld.com 
CC:(Alexanda Adams) Resurrection@nextworld.com
Re: Neighbourhood Watch
I'm afraid the well meaning clergyman and the not-so-well-meaning councillor seem to have put a temporary end to our neighbourhood watch scheme, but I have to say that I always thought your astral friends were a little OTT, as it were.
As it happens, I may have a  'middle way' solution to the problem. The question is, how can I create a guardian without wishing harm on anyone (which would do my immortal soul no good at all?
I think I have the idea, but I'll need both of you to help.
Shirley
IV
The boys all liked to impress Tracy Willis if they could. Tracy was not a magazine cover girl beauty, but she already had a bustline which suggested she might soon be a 'page 3' girl. She not only looked older than just sixteen, she had tastes that belied her age as well. She had been 'borrowed' by her mum's boyfriend one afternoon earlier in the year, which had impressed her, though it was unlawful by a couple of weeks at the time. She had also borrowed some of her mum's gadgets, which had impressed her too. She was no longer likely to be impressed, as she once had been, by the silly or malicious pranks of overgrown toddlers.
These three particular boys were fourteen and fifteen, which was a bit on the young side for Tracy to let them inside her knickers. She wasn't, anyway, very impressed by them, more scornfully amused by their efforts. 
First they had piled up a range of potential missiles - bricks, pieces of paving stone and so on - on the walkway over the car park access road. Next they had gone down to the waste bin store at the bottom of one of the rubbish chutes. They forced the padlock off with a crowbar and wheeled out one of the bins.
Setting fire to the contents of the bin was more difficult than it sounded, and they had to open and screw up lots of newspapers to really get it going. Once alight it made quite a cheerful blaze. They pushed the burning bin back into the bin store, closed the doors and ran back up to the walkway over the access road. Smoke was wisping out of the rubbish chute by the time they called the fire brigade on Tracy's mum's mobile, that being safer than using their own.
Two of the boys heaved up a larger slab of concrete and balanced it on the parapet, like soldiers defending the walls of a medieval city. Another piece of concrete rose silently in the air and hovered gently over their heads. A brick, or three quarters of one, also floated into the air and hovered over Tracy's head. Nothing was said, but Tracy would not have needed a very high IQ to figure out that there was a connection between the piece of paving slab balanced on the wall and the brick floating above her head. Suddenly the whole joke seemed less funny and she wandered off. The brick floated in more or less the same place. Tracy decided to go home and see what was on TV and, once she had gone from the site of the proposed ambush, the brick floated gently back down to some six inches from the ground and then crashed down as if casually thrown, as indeed it had been. 
In the mean time the third boy, who had not actually picked up a missile, decided it might be a good idea not to. The sound of an approaching fire engine could be heard. He took a couple of steps backwards, away from the paving slab - and it was just as well for him that he did.
As the fire engine approached, the piece of concrete floating above the two boys with the slab descended suddenly and precipitously, as if it had been dropped - not surprising, since it had. The concrete did not land on either boy's head. It crashed between them, smashing on the paving slab and sending bits of the concrete showering over them. It may not have actually hit them, but they were certainly surprised. They jumped backwards. The paving slab rocked dangerously for a moment and then toppled inwards, as if given a helping hand. 
Fortunately the slab hit the walkway, because the impact would have broken a foot. Unfortunately it bounced, and came down sideways across one foot of each boy.
A maniacal chattering and laughter rang out along the walkway, as if a cage-load of astral orang-utans were running wild. The sound was drowned by the fire engine passing underneath and three dispirited would-be vandals walked miserably away, two of them limping.


Something On Account

The classroom door crashed open and Peter Frost rushed in n, somewhat out of breath. 
"Sorry I'm late, Ms. White," he panted, and added a trifle cryptically, "Prefect duty." 
"Yes. Sally told me. We've barely started." the teacher acknowledged as he slumped into an empty desk, scattering his books and papers untidily across it. 
While Jessica White waited she surveyed her sixth form English group. They were a good group with some promising candidates for the 'A' Levels. More important than exam potential (though you wouldn't think it to hear the Head or the Governors), these were a group of lively, critical minds developing well. 
"I asked you to turn to Act 1, Scene 3 of Dr. Faustus," she said. "Now remember that Faustus was determined to try and conjure up Mephistopheles to supply his ambitions." 
Peter with his folders, books and papers now sprawled out across the double desk said, by way of loud aside to nobody in particular, "This really is a load of rubbish." 
"To the modern mind it is just superstition," agreed the teacher, noting that the tone of voice and expression of face were both just a little humorous and certainly resigned rather than resentful. "However, Peter," she continued, "we are studying the play as literature, so you'll just have grin and bear it. It is actually a highly dramatic scene and would have had the Elizabethan audience on the edge of its seat. Metaphorically speaking, of course, since most of them would have been standing anyway."
There was a smile or two at the attempted humour, then Ms. White continued, "Tim, perhaps you would read. Can you manage the Latin when we come to it?" 
Tim Swale was a particularly spotty specimen with straggling hair and National Health glasses. Bright but quiet, he was not unpopular but neither was he the sort to be mobbed by the girls.
"I ought to be able to manage it, he said, cleared his throat and began to read: 
"Within this circle is Jehova's name 
 Figures of every adjunct to the heavens 
 And characters of signs and erring stars 
 By which the spirits are enforced to rise. 
 Then fear not Faustus to be resolute 
 And try the utmost magic can perform." 
Tim's voice was clear. He was chair of the debating club and possibly the best public speaker in the school, but usually too 'stiff' for acting. It was, therefore, with a little surprise that the class listened to the growing strength and vibrancy of his voice and manner as he launched into the Latin. 
"Sint mihi dei Acherontis propitii!
 Valeat numen triples Ichoval 
Orientis princeps Lucifer 
 Beelzebub, inferni ardentis
 Monarcha, et Demogargon,
 Propitiamus vos ut appareat surgat
 Mephistopholes!"
Tim's voice rose dramatically to a climax on the word 'Mephistopholes' and there came squeals of surprise as the word was accompanied by a substantial clap of thunder. 
"Good grief!" was the only comment a some what be mused Ms. White could manage. As the thunder died there was a moment of total silence in which everybody looked  at everybody else uncertainly. Then, a split second before the entire group would have broken out into questioning chatter, the silence was broken by a polite knock at the door and a man entered, accompanied by a cloud of smoke which trailed after him, bringing with it a smell of burning. 
The newcomer was a tall, suntanned, not quite handsome person, of indeterminate age, dressed conservatively in a dark suit, plain blue shirt and dark tie. He had a dark hat, a black brief case and a rolled black umbrella. 
"Good afternoon gentlemen ... oh, and ladies," said the newcomer.  "May I be of service?" and politely took off his hat and laid it with his briefcase and umbrella on one of the front desks. The stunned silence continued. The teacher, considering that she was in charge and was, therefore, the person addressed by the visitor, felt she had to say something. 
"Good afternoon. I ... er ... I don't think I know you. I suppose you aren't ... " her voice trailed off inadequately. "I mean you didn't come in response to ... er ... The visitor smiled benignly. 
"Mephistopholes at your service," he said. 
Peter, the sceptic, brushed his fingers through his sandy hair and said, so straight faced that Jessica White would thought he was deadly serious, had she no known the boy better, 
"When you arrived with such a flourish we thought you were the old man himself ... you know, the boss." 
Jessica could just sense the humour and could also sense that the rest of the class thought it less than funny. Mephistopholes, if it was him, took the question seriously. 
"Oh no. The ... boss, as you call him, is far too busy to make this kind of call himself. However," the sun tanned visitor continued, "I am his accredited representative." 
"He's management and you're sales?" asked Peter, still straight faced. 
Mephistopholes was still taking the conversation seriously and not altogether pleased by the last remark. "To continue the metaphor correctly, you are addressing the sales manager. I don't normally make this kind of visit in person, but this was a particularly powerful summons of the sort I haven't had for centuries. Quite a magician you must have here. Now, to business. What can I do for you? Come now. I have full authority to enter into any contract on behalf of the ... er ... firm. Now, what is your desire? Money? Power? Attraction?" 
Jessica White felt that things had slipped completely out of control. "You were called by ... a mistake," she said. "We were studying Doctor Faustus and Tim there read the formula. A little too effectively perhaps." 
The sun tanned face of the visitor lit up in a brilliant smile. "Studying Faustus! A whole class of magicians! Oh the master will be pleased. And so young. Such promise." He was carried away by his own enthusiasm. 
"And this Tim: such power, such promise. One can forgive the odd mistake in the enthusiastic apprentice so," he looked around and beamed, "if you'll just give me the word of dismissal I'll be on my way."
Jessica felt with a growing certainty that she was somewhere inside a practical joke. "What word?" she asked. 
"The word of dismissal," said the visitor. "The word."
"I don't know the word." 
"How ... unfortunate," observed the visitor, rather unhelpfully.'` 
Jessica wondered whether people in a complicated practical joke always felt like this. She waited. 
"Of course I can quite easily leave if somebody takes up a contract." 
Jessica wondered where the TV cameras were hidden. "A contract?" she repeated inadequately. "Those are the rules of business. You summon me and I sign a contract with somebody, or I am given the word of dismissal. Hopefully, with a sincerely meant 'Sorry you were troubled' to go with it. Come now, there must be somebody with desires I can supply. You, young lady." He addressed Jackie. 
The reason for his choice was obvious. She was plain to the point of being 'frumpy' with no make up, a shapeless sweater, baggy jeans and short, straight, mousy hair. He was not to know that Ms. Rogers chose to look as she did. 
"You young lady," he beamed, "what is your desire. Beauty? Long blond hair and a lovely figure? A rich husband?" Jackie bristled. Visibly. 
Mephistopholes must have been well used to the Satanic wrath, but it was probably no worse than the wrath of the feminist when roused. 
"I don't want to be a sex object, thank you very much," she hissed venomously. 
The satanic visitor's smooth manner was only slightly ruffled, though he had an icy touch to his voice as he replied, "In that case, young lady, you must already be well satisfied." 
He looked around the class. Sally already blonde hair, though it was quite short, and a nice figure. He selected one of the two Afro-Caribbean boys as a likely candidate for temptation. In point of fact, Kevin had been considering a deal. It was most unfortunate that the visitor chose Carlos instead, considering how widely known his views were. 
"You sir. What about you?" he asked Carlos. "Would you like wealth? Servants? A yacht? A very substantial income Jackpot on the National Lottery? 
Mephistopholes wondered what was coming. The boy squared his shoulders and took a breath. Jessica knew very well what was coming, and was more than ever sure that this was a clever and well informed joke. 
"Listen man," said Carlos, "Wealth should be shared. Nobody has the right to take more of the world's wealth or the world's resources than they need. When the revolution comes it will be the end of capitalists like you." 
The visitor was again unruffled. "I'm not interested in offering you what's right," he said, "I'm interested in offering you what's wrong. Anyway," he added, "it will take more than a revolution to make me redundant, though it's funny how you religious types always think you can change the world." 
Carlos was taken aback: this was the first time anyone had suggested he was religious and Jessica almost laughed out loud at his expression. 
The visitor turned to her. "I trust the rest of the world is still out for what it can get." he remarked. 
"Probably," she answered. "Thank badness for that. Now what about yourself? You could be a head teacher to morrow. You could have your own school. I could even arrange Secretary of State for Education, given a few days." 
"Is that supposed to tempt me? You'd have to offer something right outside education, I think."
 "That could certainly be arranged. Anyway, I have to have a contract before I can leave." 
If she could only have been certain it was all a joke, Jessica would have signed, just to bring the whole charade to an end. Only, a corner of her brain wasn't absolutely certain. 
"I'm prepared to sign," said Peter. 
"Charming boy," said Mephistopholes. "What is your desire?" 
"Listen. I don't believe in all this mediaeval superstition. I don't know where the joke is, but there has to be a joke somewhere. God and the Devil are just myths. The supernatural is rubbish." 
"Really," said the visitor smoothly, as he produced a rolled parchment from his briefcase, "then you won't mind signing this." He unrolled the parchment and passed to Peter, to the accompaniment of a tremendous clap of thunder. 
There were several squeals, mostly from the girls, and even Jessica jumped. 
Peter didn't turn a hair. "I like your special effects," he remarked, without looking up from reading. "Give me a pen. "
"You sign in blood," said Mephistopholes.   
"All right, so give me a knife." 
Jessica considered Peter's composure either entirely genuine or very well contrived and perhaps a little foolish. Even the visitor was impressed. That gentleman produced a small, sharp pointed dagger from his briefcase and handed it to Peter, who had two or three tries before he drew enough blood to sign. 
"Not so easy as it sounds, to sign in blood," He said. "There you are. Not very neat, I'm afraid." 
Mephistopholes took the contract back with considerable respect. "In all my years years as an agent," he said, "you're the first client to worry about neatness. 
"Your other clients didn't write essays for Miss White," replied Peter, once more being a little cryptic. 
"No. I'll just roll up the contract and seal it." He took a small stick of sealing wax from his pocket and held it over the contract. There was a flash of lightning and a sizzling sound with a slight smell of brimstone and little drips of wax plopped onto the parchment, sealing it shut. 
"There we are," said Mephistopholes, and returned the wax to his pocket. "Now, since you had no special requests, this was our standard contract. Wealth, irresistible attraction to women and the option of either career success and early retirement or a position of power. In exchange for your soul at death, of course." 
Jessica watched the parchment and knife returned to the briefcase. "I haven't got a soul," remarked Peter. 
Mephistopholes turned to him, smiling, and said with a hint of malice and menace, "For the time being you have. Good day to you all." 
There was a flash and some smoke accompanied by another tremendous clap of thunder and Mephistopholes quite simply disappeared. 
"Just like a stage demon," said Peter, and Jessica had to admit that it was. 
"Thank goodness he's gone," said Jessica wafting the smoke away from her. "Now perhaps we can get on with the lesson. However, I don't think you should have done that, Peter."
"I'm not superstitious," said the clearly still sceptical young man. 
It was then that Jessica noticed the look on Sally's face and began to wonder. 
"Can I sit next to you Peter?" the latter asked in the kind of 'little girl' voice you associate the archetypal sexy blond but definitely not with the normal Sally. 
"Stop joking Sally," said Peter, but she moved her books on to his table, pushing his spread out papers and folders in to a pile and herself unnecessarily close to him. 
"I'm not joking," she said in the same voice," I really like you. I've never noticed before how exciting you are." 
Jessica felt that things were getting out of hand again. "Not in the classroom, Sally," she said. 
There was a knock at the door and it opened. A small boy entered, carrying a parcel. "Excuse me miss, but the secretary sent me miss. This parcel was just delivered to the office miss. For Peter Frost miss, and she asked me to give it to him." 
"Go on then, give it to him. There's Peter Frost." 
The small boy took the parcel over to Peter, somewhat overawed by the presence of the sixth form, and then left hurriedly. "Well open it darling," said Sally. "See what's in it." 
"The joke continues, I suppose," observed Peter, and began to unwrap it. 
"Perhaps its a box of sticking plaster, man," joked Carlos. "I hope the knife was sterilised. You might get AIDS or something." 
Peter pulled the wrapping off a stiff cardboard box about thirty centimetres by sixty centimetres by sixty centimetres. When he had the box itself open, Sally leaned over to see inside and let out a scream.
"Wow," she squealed, "There's a fortune here. Look, notes." She held up three wads: two of twenties and one of crisp, new fifties. She put them on the desk. "And gold!" She held up a heavy gold necklace with a pendant on Jessica was stunned. The money and the gold might be fake, of course, but they looked real. 
"Where did it come from?" she asked. "This is a pretty expensive joke." "There's a note," said Peter, "look." 
Jessica read it  out loud. "Just a little something on account. Unkind regards. Mephistopholes."
There was another clap of thunder with a peal of demoniac laughter. For the first time Peter wondered whether he had got a soul after all. 
For the time being.



Cat Burglar

The operator at the West Yorkshire Police Central Control who took the 999 call at just before eleven pm was not at all sure there was a real emergency, but she didn't think it was a hoax call either. 
"You've got to come," the caller said in a strong local accent. "They've both gone. You've got to send someone."
"Keep calm madam. Tell me your name and address and who has gone missing."
"It's my boyfriend and his mate," the female caller said, loudly and in a panic. "They went into this 'ouse. 27 Stanstead Walk and they never come out."
"What do you mean?" the operator asked.
"My boyfriend and his mate. They went in through a window and they never come out. My brother was keeping a lookout with a mobile, but when he rang them t' mobile was switched off. He kept ringing and ringing."
"Was this their property?"
"No. They broke in. They shouldn't have done that, but that's nowt to do wi' it. Summat's happened to them or they'd have answered t' phone. Look, are you going to send someone round?"
"Let me take down a few details and I'll check the log and see whether there are any calls or arrests."
The caller was almost incoherent. "There hasn't been no police here. Not from what my brother says. They've just disappeared."
"I'll need to look into it madam, so I'll need some details to check. First their names."
The caller banged the phone down. The emergency operator who passed on the call in the first place had been given an obviously false name and address and the call turned out to be from a public call box on the Merrimoor estate in Witchmoor.
The operator/dispatcher at West Yorkshire Police Central was not quite certain what to do: the fact that the caller had mentioned a boyfriend and a brother made the call seem more probable. If the call were genuine, the two boys would probably be apprehended, so the caller would be identified anyway. Moreover, she had sounded genuinely worried, so the operator despatched a patrol car to the address that had been given. 
The patrol car drove round to the address mentioned in the call. The Merrimoor estate was a local crime hot spot so, on the basis of past experience, the officers were looking for either a hoax call or a trap of some sort. They parked on the main road next to a call box that the caller might possibly have used, and looked around. The call box was empty and there was no one about, so they got out of the car and locked it. There still appeared to be nobody in sight so they walked together up the path three doors to 27 Stanstead Walk. There was a downstairs light on in number 27.
"They're still up," one of the officers remarked.
"No sign of a break-in that I can see," his partner observed. "And no one about."
"I'll try the door." 
The second officer stood by the gate, looking outwards towards the patrol car, while the other knocked at the front door. There was a pause and then a sound of shuffling feet.
"Who is it?" demanded a querulous voice from behind the closed door.
"Police, ma'am."
The door opened a little on a chain.
"What do you want?" a little old woman demanded. She was little - no more than 5 feet, and was holding a scrawny tabby cat.
"We had a report of a break-in at this address, ma'am."
"There's been no break-in here," the old woman said. "Either someone gave you a wrong address or it was a trick." It was an old voice, but it had no trace of a local accent - more the clipped vowels of an educated northerner
"You're up late. Have you heard anything?"
"I'm feeding my cats. I haven't heard or seen anything," the old woman said, and started to close the door.
If there had been no crime, then there was nothing to investigate, so the police officer had no choice but to wish the woman 'Good Night'. He turned uneasily away as she shut and locked the door and together the officers walked slowly back to their car, taking a good look around again as they went. Nothing.
The caller had sounded to be a young female - say 12 to 16 years. The story was a strange one and the dispatcher passed a brief report of the call to the Witchmoor Edge CID. She attached a copy of the report of the responding officers.

Detective Inspector Millicent Hampshire read the reports next morning and thought that the situation had been reasonably handled. DI Hampshire was a mixed race and rather formidable detective in her early forties. She broke off from the strange and urgent murder case she was handling long enough to send a message down to Missing Persons to the effect that she was to be informed of any relevant reports and rang the call centre to say that, should the same caller ring again, she was to be passed straight to whichever detective was on duty.
Missing Persons came back almost immediately with a message to say that there had been no reports which could conceivably be related directly to this case, but that there had been two recent reports that were strikingly similar. A young mugger called Eddy Mason had disappeared some two months previously, causing no great grief in the Witchmoor Edge Division of West Yorkshire police, and a fire-raising young vandal called Samuel Barnes had disappeared just over a month ago, both had last known addresses on Merrimore..
The Merrimoor estate had suffered more than its share of problems in the recent past, but the crime rate had improved the last month or two. Millicent was intrigued by the disappearing criminals and sent for copies of the files. By the time they arrived she was already engaged in more pressing matters and put them with the report in her 'pending' tray.

That evening DI Hampshire mentioned the strange call to Tobias N'Dibe, over coffee in the café in Bradford Public Library. Tobias N'Dibe needs some explanation, but beyond pointing out that he is a high-ranking civil servant nearing retirement age with a very pedantic manner and occult interests not entirely in keeping with his position, this is not the place. Millicent Hampshire shared some of his interests, including an esoteric group, which met openly in a room at Bradford Central Library once a month to hear interesting speakers on interesting topics. 
N'Dibe listened gravely to Millicent's account of the call. 
"You think there will be a further call," he said - definitely a statement not a question. Millicent realised she did think so.
"I don't feel as if we've heard the last of it," she agreed.
N'Dibe nodded, solemn still.
"Two previous disappearances, both of the missing characters less than desirable citizens.  Sounds like an interesting way of disposing of a crime wave," he remarked. "Perhaps they all annoyed the wrong person!" He glanced at his watch. "Just time for an ice cream, I think," he added, getting to his feet.
Millicent smiled to herself. N'Dibe's weakness for ice cream was so far out of character that it made for an almost human trait.
"I'd like us to watch Zoe Robinson tonight," he remarked as returned from the counter. "Judith intends to propose her for membership at lodge next Saturday and I would value your opinion at the end of tonight's meeting."
The remark was an oblique reference to the inner group that lay behind the public meetings and Millicent nodded rather absently and without comment.
II
By coincidence it was about the same time as the public meeting ended in Bradford Central Library that the operator at West Yorkshire Police Central Control put the female caller through to Detective Constable Tommy Hammond.
"I have a note about your call last night," Tommy said reassuringly. "We sent a patrol out to investigate."
"I know," said the caller close to tears. "I saw them."
Tommy forbore to point out that she should have 'it', not 'them', since a patrol is singular, even when it consists of several people. I'm getting as pedantic as N'Dibe, he thought - DI Hampshire's friend was well known in Witchmoor Edge CID. Out loud he said: "Then you know they went to the address you gave us. We were told there hadn't been a break-in."
The caller sniffed. "I don't understand it," she said. Tommy agreed with the operator that she sounded genuine. 
"Have there been any further developments?" the detective asked, trying to get her talking.
"There were no sign of t'other two this morning. They never went home nor nowt. My brother kept hanging around t' place all day. Tonight he went in t' same way himself. I told him not to but he wouldn't listen."
There was a pause. The caller was probably crying, but she blew her nose and continued: "He went into number 27 and he hasn't come out. He's disappeared."
The caller was really sobbing now. DC Hammond thought she sounded completely genuine. Like the operator and the patrol the previous night he was used to hoaxes and people trying it on. Like a referee at a first class football match, he had seen enough dives in the penalty area to be careful when awarding penalties. This, however, seemed like a genuine foul.
"If I come out myself right now," he said, "will you stay around to help me." The caller sniffed but didn't say anything. "Look," he continued persuasively, "If I go on my own and the person at 27 Stanstead Walk says there wasn't a break-in, what can I do? I need you to contradict the householder or we can't do anything."
The line went frustratingly dead.
With a certain degree of justice DC Hammond rated himself quite highly on the persuasiveness scale and he had been at his most persuasive. He was cursing his luck when the Call Centre Operator rang back.
"Same caller," she said." She asked for the man she was talking to."
"We got cut off," Tommy said rather obviously when she came through.
"Yes. I did it, but not on purpose. I'm all upset."
"I need your help," Tommy Hammond insisted." I'm not in uniform and I'll be driving an unmarked car but I'll try and find a uniformed police woman to come with me. Now, where shall I meet you?"
"Come up t' main drag and stop near the end of Stanstead Walk like last night. Stop by t' phone box. I'll meet you there."
"You won't run away," said Tommy. "Remember I need your help."
"Okay."
DC Hammond agreed with his boss - it was very odd.

The only woman officer around the Witchmoor Edge Police Station at that time of night was in the canteen when DC Hammond went searching, but he told her enough to rouse her curiosity. PC Brenda Carver finished her mug of tea and hurried after Tommy to the car park at the rear of the station.
"If you're telling the truth, it's a queer one," she remarked as they drove out of the yard, automatic gates closing behind them.
"Would I lie to you?" Tommy asked.
"I've been conned before."
"Well I can tell you I'm puzzled by it," Tommy said. "And DI. Hampshire was curious as well about last night's phone call. If it's a hoax, then I've been conned as well as you."
"We'll know soon enough, I guess," Brenda said as the car squealed a right turn, tyres protesting, off the Keighley road and climbed steeply towards the Merrimoor estate.
The call box was easy enough to see, but there was nobody in sight anywhere around it. DC Hammond and PC Carver got out of the car and looked around. 
"I think," Tommy said, "It may be like feeding a squirrel or wild animal."
"What do you mean?"
"Wait around a while and don't do anything suddenly to frighten the creature off."
Brenda Carver was a little taken aback by Tommy's astuteness about his nervous target. She didn't say anything, but he went up a couple of notches in her estimation.
After less than a minute that seemed like ten, a figure emerged reluctantly from the shadows and girl of about fifteen approached them. Brenda thought she might have been quite attractive done up, but she looked careworn and somehow rather bedraggled, though the night was fine and the girl wasn't actually wet. She was one of those mixed race girls for whom the mix is a brilliant success - smooth, tanned looking skin, dark eyes and glossy black hair, though her eyes were red rimmed at the moment and her hair dishevelled.
"It weren't you that come last night?" the girl said.
'No," Tommy answered, "But it was me you spoke to on the phone and I've got a report the officers filed last night. You're sure there's been no sign of any of the three boys."
"Didn't you believe me?"
"If I didn't believe you I wouldn't be here," Tommy said. 'But I've got to make other people believe the story as well. Now, I don't have a name for the householder at number twenty-seven."
"Everybody calls her Moggie Braithwaite, on account she has a load of cats. I don't know her first name."
"And what's your name?"
PC Carver waited for her to refuse to answer, but she realised Tommy was interrogating her very circumspectly.
"Tanya Grant."
"And your brother who disappeared. He is also a Grant?"
Tanya nodded. "Damion," she said.
"Now we get to the important bit for when I speak to Moggie Braithwaite," Tommy said. "Did you actually see your brother enter number twenty-seven?"
"Aye."
"And you can show me the spot?"
"I told you, I saw him go in." Tanya was agitated. Perhaps she thought Tommy was questioning her truthfulness. "It were a back bedroom windows. I saw him go in."
"Did you actually see the other two enter twenty-seven?"
"No. Damion stood outside keeping watch. He saw them go in, but I wouldn't have nowt to do wi'it. It was Damion what told me about last night."
"I'm a bit puzzled about what they expected to find in the house," Tommy said. "According to the report from last night it's a very ordinary house with an overgrown garden and a small, old and rather scruffy looking old lady householder. It doesn't sound like rich pickings."
"That's what I said, but Aga kept on about how he thought she had some money stashed away. It were all nonsense, but he had it in for her and he kept on about it. He said it would be easy to get in and he could find the stuff and she had it coming anyway."
Brenda Carver slipped out her notebook and wrote down the various names Tommy had elicited so far.
"Who's Aga?" he asked.
"It's short for Alexander Graham Adrian," Tanya said. "Puff used to call him that as a joke when they went around together. I don't think he liked it, but you don't argue with Puff. Or you didn't before he went away."
"Does Aga have a last name?"
"I don't rightly know. It's Wilson or Wilkinson or something, but everyone just calls him 'Aga'."
"He doesn't go around with Puff any more?"
"Puff''s moved away. Gone. Disappeared."
"What was Puff's name," Tommy asked.
The girl sounded desperate rather than angry. She replied: "Look. Are you going to do anything about Damion and Gary and Aga?"
Tommy replied gently, "I'm not looking forward to calling a little old lady a liar. I want as much background information as I can. I want to be able to spot if she's not telling the truth. Understand?"
Tanya looked mollified but only partly convinced. "Go on then," she said.
"Did Puff have a proper name?" 
"Eddy Mason," Tanya said. "But he's nowt to do wi'it."
Tommy recognised the name as one of those reported to Missing Persons section. Eddy Mason too had disappeared and might be connected, though he couldn't see how.
"I think there's a possibility he could be connected," Tommy said. "He disappeared too and no one seems to know how or when. I think we have to keep him in mind."
"I don't like to think on him," Tanya said, shuddering. "He were a bully. Really nasty. He liked hurting people for t'fun on it. He were big an' he carried a knife."
PC Carver remembered a colleague describing a brush with that particular young thug a few months earlier. 
"And what about your boyfriend. Gary you said?"
"Gary Dalton."
"Okay," Tommy said, "I think we'll have a talk with Moggie Braithwaite. PC Carver, will you knock at the door of number 27 for us. You come along with us Tanya, but leave the talking to me unless I ask you to join in. You understand."
"Aye," the girl said reluctantly. Whether she was reluctant to keep quiet or merely reluctant to go with them, Tommy wasn't sure.
As the three of them walked up the road the few metres to number 27, Tanya blew her nose and pulled herself together a little. Brenda Carver thought it was developing into a something strange, and couldn't see how it was going to end. Tommy kept his counsel and tried to keep an open mind. 
Tommy stopped at the gap in the fence where the gate of number 27 should have been and surveyed the property. The garden was unkempt and, although it was too dark to be certain, the house looked as if a coat of paint wouldn't do any harm. A downstairs light was on. PC Carver looked at DC Hammond who nodded and she stepped towards the door.
III
The same feet shuffled to the door as on the previous night; the door again opened a crack, held on a chain, and the same little old lady demanded to know who was there. The presence of a uniformed policewoman was what finally gained them entry.
The house smelt pretty revolting. The place probably needed cleaning and freshening anyway, but the stink of cat litter was pervasive. Tanya followed PC Carver and DC Hammond inside and she too wrinkled her nose. Tommy was not sure how many cats there were, but it was quite a few. There was the scrawny tabby from the previous night, two timid ones that peered out from behind a bookcase stacked with tins of cat food, and a large, rather ugly one which sat in a corner spitting and snarling at them.
The old woman reached down to stroke the fierce one and it swung a paw at her, claws out.
"Now, now," she said to it, "I had to have you neutered because you insisted on being unpleasant. I'll clip your claws as well if you don't behave."
The cat snarled again, but it slunk off into a corner.
"You had a break in earlier today," Tommy said, more statement than question.
"There was no break-in here," the woman said.
"You're Ms. Braithwaite?" Tommy asked.
"Miss Braithwaite," she corrected heavily. "Miss Margaret Braithwaite." 
Tommy could see where 'Moggie' came from - a combination of Maggie and the cats.
"Miss Grant says she saw a youth climb in through one of your rear windows earlier today."
"Miss Grant is mistaken," Moggie Braithwaite said. "Apart from a few minutes at the shops this morning, I have been here the whole time and nobody has broken in."
'Do you mind if I have a look around," Tommy asked. "Make sure there isn't anyone lurking in a corner somewhere."
"If you want. You won't find anyone but you can look if you want."
Tommy got up and looked in the kitchen. Except for a very smelly litter tray and two more cats licking an empty bowl, it was empty. The top window was very slightly open, but it was doubtful whether anyone could get through. A cat, perhaps, but not a burglar. He tried the back door. It was securely locked and bolted. DC Hammond unbolted and opened it. The back door opened into an open porch formed by an outside toilet and a shed. There was no door on the shed, which was completely empty anyway, and the toilet was just that - a toilet. Tommy shut, re-locked and re-bolted the door. 
There was one other door from the kitchen, which turned out to lead into a pantry, which was empty of anything alive, even a cat.
"Satisfied?"  Moggie asked as DC Hammond came back into the living room.
"I'll just take a look upstairs if you don't mind."
"Suit yourself," the old woman snapped. "You won't find anyone."
The hall and stairs lights were still on. Tommy glanced under the stairs. There was no cupboard and nothing there except another litter tray. 'I wonder how she can be so sure there's no one about,' he thought.
He went up the stairs.
It was a two-bedroom house. In the larger front bedroom was a double bed, covered by a rather grubby duvet, snagged by cat claws. There was also a dressing table, a wardrobe, a bedside table and a chair. The inside of the wardrobe smelt of mothballs and contained some rather more decent clothes than Moggie Braithwaite was wearing at present. There was, however, no sign of Damion, Gary or Aga.
The smaller bedroom was even less forthcoming. The floor was of black and white lino tiles, but the only furniture was a small chest of drawers and a wooden tea chest in one corner. There were no cupboards, trunks or anything of that sort and definitely no sign of the three boys. The bathroom door was open and the only live occupant was another cat.
DC Hammond went back downstairs slowly, considering the implications of the situation. He didn't think Tanya Grant was putting on an act: he was certain she believed her story to be true, though it pretty clearly wasn't. He'd have to get her to point out precisely which window she'd had seen her brother enter by. He went back into the living room.
"Seems safe enough," he said genially to Miss Braithwaite. "There's nobody prowling around upstairs and no sign of a break in."
"I told you so," said the old lady complacently.
"You did indeed," DC Hammond agreed, "And I said I'd feel happier if I were sure about it. I think," he continued to PC Carver and Tanya," that we'll leave the house now."
Tanya looked strained again as the two of them got up, said their good nights and followed Tommy Hammond out. They heard the lock and the chain as they walked down the path.
"Okay Tanya," the detective said. "We'll go round the back and you can point out the exact window to me."
The three of them walked to the end of the block and followed a narrow footpath down the backs of the houses. When they came to the rear of number 27, Tanya pointed.
"If you climb up on t' shed t' bathroom window's in easy reach but that were shut. Both times t' back bedroom window were open a bit and Damion got in that way. It's a bit of a stretch but you can do it."
Tommy thought you probably could if the window was open. "Both times?" he repeated. "I thought you said you didn't see the first time."
"I didn't. That were what Damion said."
DC Hammond led the way back onto the main road in silence. Finally he said, "Look. If we're going to take this any further it has to be done properly. I went all round that house tonight and didn't see any sign of Damion, Gary or Aga. If you saw them go in, we'll have to do a proper job, get fingerprints from your house and check number 27 for their prints. Do a thorough search. We can't do that on verbal evidence. Are you willing to come into the station tomorrow and make a proper statement. That way we can send someone to your house and to Gary's and Aga's to get statements and fingerprints. Will you do that?"
Tanya nodded dumbly. She obviously didn't like it, but PC Carver thought the girl had stubborn streak which might make her see it though.
DC Hammond wrote down DI Hampshire's name, told the girl to ask for her, made a note of Tanya's own address and drove her home.
IV
When DI Hampshire read Tommy Hammomd's report next morning she was intrigued. She was well aware that whole job should have been delegated to a more junior detective initially, but she wanted to meet Tanya Grant and size up the girl herself. Whether the case was as odd as it seemed depended entirely on the girl's story and the extent to which she was a reliable witness.
If she was telling the truth then three youths had gone into 27 Stanstead Walk and then gone missing. Tommy's search had revealed no sign of them and suggested the possibility of foul play, though Miss Braithwaite did not sound convincing in the role of serial killer. Apart from the three alleged disappearances over the last two days there were two earlier ones - unexplained and quite possibly unconnected, but undeniably genuine.
Tanya Grant turned up at Witchmoor Edge Police Headquarters around ten o'clock. She was considerably smartened up for the occasion and, as PC Carver had observed the night before, the girl possessed striking good looks. She still looked a little strained and short of sleep as DI Hampshire sat her down in an interview room to take down a few details.
"I won't record this chat," Millicent Hampshire said. "You're the person filing this complaint and at this point I just want some starting points. Later, if it turns out you're a witness to a crime, we may need to record a statements. You understand?"
Millicent wasn't sure whether the girl nodded or not and the 'Yes.' Was very faint.
"The first thing that springs to mind is why am I talking to you and not to your mum or dad with you in the background as a witness?" Any sting in the question was partially pulled by Millicent's generally amiable manner. In any event, Tanya did not seem to mind the question.
"Dad doesn't live with us and mum's at work," she said, "If anything needs signing she'll come round after work, but I can tell you better than her what happened anyway."
That seemed reasonable to the inspector. She glanced at DC Hammond's report. "You live at 18 Dyson's Dive House?" she read.
"That's right."
"You are Tanya Grant and your missing brother is Damion Grant?"
"Yes."
Now that she was less agitated Tanya's accent, though still noticeable, was much less strong.
"How old are you and your brother?" Millicent asked.
"I'm sixteen in two months and Damion's fourteen."
"What's your mother's name?"
"Ellen Grant."
Millicent wrote it down, along with the address DC Hammond had noted when he drove her home the night before.
"Now, I'll need the names and addresses of the other two youths you say also disappeared." DI Hampshire said. "Wasn't one of them your boyfriend?"
Tanya nodded and Millicent wondered if there could conceivably be something here related to a bust up. On balance the detective inspector didn't think so. It just went some way towards explaining why the girl was co-operating with the police.
"I'll check that they haven't been reported missing yet," DI Hampshire said, "and, if not, I'll send a detective out to their home addresses to look for them." She did not add, 'and ask about their part in an alleged burglary!'
When DI Hampshire had all the details she needed, she sent Tanya home with some scene of crime officers to get Damion's prints and a photograph. Alone then she mulled over Tanya's story. The key elements had not changed since the 999 call and now that she'd met the girl she felt, as DC Hammond had felt the previous night that, whether Tanya's story was true or not, the girl at least genuinely believed what she was saying. She might be borderline delinquent but she wasn't a fool and appeared truthful - which had serious implications.

The scene of crime staff brought back a photo and several items with Damion's prints, to form the beginnings of a file. Missing Persons Division had no record on Gary or Aga, so Millicent sent out DC Bright to look for them and DC Goss to make some preliminary enquiries about Damion with such places as hospitals, his school and other divisions. With that DI Hampshire turned to other urgent matters.
*   *   *
Millicent had just driven home around seven thirty that evening when Tommy Hammond rang her.
"Hampshire," she said into her mobile as she filled the electric kettle.
"Tommy Hammond here. I've had another call from Tanya Grant and it's about a coincidence you won't like."
"Go on?" Millicent sounded interested.
"There's a fire. It wasn't reported to us, because nobody knew we were interested. Fortunately Tanya Grant saw the whole thing."
"Where?"
"That's the coincidence you won't like. 27 Stanstead Walk."
"You're right I don't like it and it doesn't sound like a coincidence. Meet Tanya somewhere and meet me outside number 27."
V
There was no difficulty whatever in finding the place. Two fire engines and an ambulance stood outside in the main road, lights flashing and smoke still came from an upper window, though the worst of the fire appeared over.  As DI Hampshire pulled up by the phone box she saw Tommy Hammond and Tanya Grant.
"Ambulance," Hampshire said crisply as she got out. "Who's injured?"
"Miss Braithwaite," said Tommy.
"Burns I suppose. Is it serious?"
"No, not burns" a deep voice boomed. Millicent turned in surprise at the sound of Tobias N'Dibe's voice. "The young lady saw her trip over a cat as she came out of the door."
"She tripped over the nasty one," Tanya said. "It sort of dived between her legs. It was almost like it tripped her up on purpose."
"It was exactly as if she was tripped deliberately," N'Dibe corrected her.
"What are you doing here?" Millicent asked him.
"I came to talk with Miss Braithwaite."
"I didn't know you knew her," the detective remarked. She was puzzled but amiable. "What is your connection with her?"
"Connection?" the big black man said. "I am in no way connected with the lady."
"How do you know her, then?" Millicent asked.
"I don't want to be unnecessarily pedantic," N'Dibe said, "but whether I 'know' her at all rather depends on what you mean by 'know'. I 'know' who she is and I 'know' her by reputation, which is why I came here this evening. I have, however, never actually met her. Not to speak to."
The ambulance pulled out from behind the fire engines and headed off, siren sounding and blue light flashing, in the direction of Witchmoor General Hospital. 
DI Hampshire strode towards the house, where a couple of firemen were emerging. She picked out the watch commander and flashed her warrant card. "Any word yet on how it started?" she asked.
"So the police are interested," the man remarked. "No explanation yet, but it started in the back bedroom. What's your interest?"
"It's just a very strange coincidence I don't quite like," Hampshire told him. "We had reports of two break-ins here and Miss Braithwaite denied they had happened. I'd like to give the place a once over when you declare it safe."
"No problem," he said. "The fire's out, but we have to do some damping down and I want to have some idea what happened myself."
"I'll have the place secured when you finish tonight and we'll have a look in daylight." Hampshire turned to walk back to Hammond, Tanya and N'Dibe.
The large cat with a vicious streak was sitting in the garden looking very self satisfied. Millicent broke stride and watched it for a moment assuming that was the creature Tommy Hammond had meant, before the cat turned towards her and snarled. She continued to walk away. The cat suddenly dashed across the lawn and dived between her feet. Millicent, however, saw it and avoided a fall.
It stood in front of the detective bristling and snarling. Neither Millicent nor the cat saw N'Dibe's hand sweep down. He snatched it up by the scruff of the neck and it hung there twisting and snapping. N'Dibe held it out and shook it.
"My friend," said, addressing the animal, "I don't think you realise your delicate position. You've lost your home and food supply. You're too unpleasant for any decent human to want you, so now you'll have to dodge the dogs and find your own food."
"It looks like you've got a little tiger by the tail," Millicent observed. "I don't think you can put it down."
The cat was still writhing in an attempt to scratch him, so N'Dibe dropped it over the hedge of number 25 Stanstead Walk. A vicious fit of barking erupted and a hitherto unseen Doberman dived after something grey flashing through into the next garden.
"Nothing like a Doberman to see off an intruder," N'Dibe remarked complacently.
"Who discovered the fire and what was the sequence of events" DI Hampshire asked.
"I arrived to look into Miss Braithwaite and the little matter you raised and found this young lady among the crowd watching the evening's entertainment," N"Dibe said.
"By that time Tanya had already telephoned me and I'd called you," said Tommy Hammond. "I arrived to find N"Dibe and Tanya together."
"I didn't know you two were acquainted?" Millicent said.
"We are now," N'Dibe said cryptically.
"He's nice," said Tanya. "He believes my story."
"Neither of us disbelieves it either," Millicent said. "We just don't understand it."
"The police have to be sceptical and open minded my dear," N'Dibe observed to Tanya. He turned to Millicent. "However," he said, "This young lady is thinking that 'believe' and 'not disbelieve' are somewhat different propositions, and she is correct."
Hampshire decided that she had better start with statements from both Tanya and N'Dibe. She was thinking that there were unanswered question by the score. Nevertheless, she felt that neither the elderly black civil servant nor the mixed race teenager had any direct responsibility for events. "DC Hammond, you can take a trip to Witchmoor General, see how Miss Braithwaite is and take a statement from her if she's fit to give one."
VI
"So," Millicent said to N'Dibe, as DC. Hammond climbed into his car. "What do you know about Miss Braithwaite?"
The big man made a vague gesture. "I asked around," he said. "Your odd story two nights ago suggested to me that the three missing gentlemen in question had annoyed somebody best not annoyed, so I made enquiries as to who would fit the bill."
"That might explain why you were interested in her, but it doesn't tell me why you came her."
"I was curious to meet her."
"And you didn't know about the fire?"
"I'm afraid," N'Dibe admitted, "That I had no expectation of the conflagration. A most unusual circumstance, I will say, especially such a mishap is much the easiest kind of misadventure to predict, but I had no forewarning. A glimpse of events past, yes, but that particular aspect of the future, no."
Tommy Hammond's car was already pulling out from the kerb as Millicent Hampshire led Tanya and N'Dibe back to her own car.
*   *   *
DC Hammond parked as near to the Accident and Emergency entrance of Witchmoor General Hospital as he dared and went inside. Moggie Braithwaite had already been taken up to a ward and a harassed receptionist pointed him in the right direction between a telephone call and a worried relative.
Full dark had fallen and the last of the visitors had left as the young detective went up the stairs.
"Miss Braithwaite? A mild concussion," the charge nurse said. "She's already awake and seems okay, but we're keeping her in overnight until we can do a scan to make sure there's no hidden damage. She's in the small room to the left by the door."
DC Hammond followed the gesture and crossed the corridor to the room indicated. He opened the door. There was just a single, low light on.
It was a small room with only the one bed, one chair, the usual hospital bedside cabinet and a small TV on a bracket. The TV was off and the bed looked empty. Not being quite certain in the dim light, he crossed the room for a closer look. The bed was empty. Tommy's first thought was that Moggie Braithwaite had gone to the toilet but, if so, why turn out the light? He wandered back to the nursing station, where the charge nurse was still writing notes.
"The bed's empty?" the charge nurse repeated. "I expect she's in the toilet, though I didn't see her go past."
A tea trolley barged the swing doors open. "Last drinks," the Filipino woman said in a very local accent. "Ovaltine, Horlicks or tea?"
"Ovaltine, I think," said the charge nurse.
"Who let a cat on the ward?" the woman demanded.
"A cat?" The nurse said. "I haven't seen a cat." She sounded rather affronted, but the drinks lady didn't notice. DC Hammond, however, pricked up his ears.
"Big moggie." The woman said. "Ran out of the ward when I opened the doors to come in."
Moggie? DC Hammond thought. Surely not?



Other than Human

Adela Noonan was bored. Here she was, fifty odd and fast approaching the age when fertile females settle on a child rearing partner and take time off for an offspring, and she was doing nothing useful with her life She realised, of course, that, not belonging to the 'WF' (Woman Fertile) class, she was not able to conceive, even if she found a Male Fertile. It was not a matter of choice or compulsion, 'WN's had been genetically modified before implantation to be infertile. It was simply a necessary requirement to keep down population numbers, now that other genetic modification had slowed the aging process.
"Take a break," Adela told her autosec. "I've got one or two things to sort out." 
"Do you want me to try the busy fax numbers again for the reminders?" it asked. 
"Oh yes," she said. "I'd forgotten about them." 
The glorified computer didn't say anything. It just quietly switched off its view screen. Adela felt, absurdly, that the machine was being just a little smug. 'Smug' is one of the feelings artificial brains can't reproduce: the irritation probably sprang from her own mild annoyance with herself for forgetting to send the reminder and switch off the view screen. Computers do not forget. It is possible accidentally to erase data, even with all the fail safe devices, but computers themselves do not forget and, after all, an autosec is just a computer. 
Adela got up, put on her jacket and wandered out of her office. She nodded vaguely to a young man going into the rest room, but she didn't really know the other tenants of the building very well. 
"That," she thought, "is hardly surprising. After all, I've only been here a short while." 
At one time everyone had worked from home, as you will recall, but the sociologists had established the rather obvious fact that you don't meet people in your own home and that social relationships are helped if you meet others while you work. Hence the office block with its individual, fully equipped offices and its common rest room. 
She went out onto the street. 
"What I need is a partner," she thought. It was nearly ten years since her last one. It wasn't any fear of losing her own identity or any social shortcoming of which she was aware that had made her keep her aloneness. She was reasonably nice looking and reasonably intelligent. As genetic modification didn't allow any great variation from the norm, so that was true of most people. It wasn't even worries about AIDS, since everyone under eighty had an engineered resistance to the HIV virus. 
She wandered along the street and wondered what the problem was. A partner of either sex would be a welcome relief from boredom. Or would she or he? 
Adela turned into a MacDonatelli's cafe, sat down and spoke her order into the orderphone. 
"A frothy coffee and a dinky biscuit, please," she said. 
She tried to imagine that there was a real person at the other end of the line, because she always felt slightly absurd being polite to a machine. On the other hand, she had discovered that the computer controlling the order phone was mildly responsive to the way it was spoken to. If one missed off the 'please' when addressing it, the machine missed off all frills in its reply, and she didn't want the machine to be rude to her. That was also faintly absurd. 
"Will that be a large or a super large MacDonatelli Italian Style frothy coffee?" the machine asked. It had the sickly sweet voice of a human bordering on the subnormal, and she resisted the urge to say 'Small' with great difficulty: that was precisely what it meant. 
"Large."  
"And will that be a large or a giant Super Crunchy MacDinky biscuit?" it continued. 
Adela's teeth grated. "Large," she said with heavy patience. 
"That will be one Unit ten Subunits," said the machine. "Please place your currency card in the slot provided." 
Adela felt for her wallet and extracted the card. She put it in the reader slot and placed the palm of her hand on the identification plate. There was a slight whirring, the card ejected from the slot and the machine said, "Thank you. One moment please." 
A few seconds later a small paper cup and a minute biscuit were delivered in a paper bag via the little hatch at the side of the table. 
Adela braced herself. "Enjoy your meal and have a nice day," the machine said. 
"Have a nice...." She'd like to line up against a wall and shoot the stupid sods who programmed it! 
The drink was indeed hot and frothy and tasted quite pleasant, though whether it was coffee was debatable. The geneticists had done so much to popular food plants that their old names were no longer strictly accurate in some cases. Coffee was quite a good example. Caffeine had been genetically removed from all varieties of the plant back in the last century. Was the resulting plant still coffee? A moot point. 
As she drank it coffee or not Adela thought more on the problem of being bored. There was no point in taking a partner for the sake of it. She decided she would look into retraining for another job. 
"Something less routine and either more physically and emotionally demanding, like nursing, or more intellectually challenging, like law, seemed called for. She would need an intelligence assessment for academic study, of course, but that was easily arranged. In the meantime she thought she would solve the partner problem in the short term with a robot. It was more usual to find robots used by those too old to be immune to HIV and unable to attract a long term partner, but such a plan offered a useful solution to her own immediate problem. There was a sexual supplies shop in the next street but one, and she made up her mind to pay a call there when she finished work at two that day. 
On the matter of retraining, she decided to ring as soon as she got back to her office and arrange an intelligence assessment and felt somewhat better. Her own decisiveness on both points cheered her up, as any counsellor will affirm is normal, so she put her paper cup, the biscuit wrapper and the paper bag in the Instant MacCycler and got up. She thought she had better MacOff before she was driven MacPotty. 

Adela rested her hand on the fingerprint reader and waited while it checked her records and opened the door. It slithered soundlessly open and she went into the office. 
"Did you manage to get through on those calls?" she asked the autosec as she reentered. 
"I'm sorry, I didn't understand you," said the machine. Please repeat that." 
Adela sighed.
"Were you able to fax the reminders?" she asked, more slowly and clearly.
"Yes," it replied." 
"Well let me see the viewscreen then," she told it as she took off her jacket, and the screen lit up, though there was nothing on it. 
"Show me the reminder schedule," Adela instructed, and the data scrolled itself dutifully down the screen. 
The computer had indeed faxed all the reminders out but then, if a computer says it has done something, it invariably has 
"Okay. You can turn off the viewscreen for now," she said, and it did. 
Adela turned towards the video phone and asked it to get her the Academic Assessment Unit. There was a very slight pause while it checked the online directory and then beeped out the right digital sequence.
 The screen spelt out the one word 'dialling', which was an archaic expression which approximated to what it was doing. The word changed to 'ringing' , also not strictly accurate, and then, almost immediately, came to life. 
An older woman in her mid eleventies appeared. 
"Academic Assessments. Can I help you?" she said, and smiled professionally. 

Adela had not had cause to go into a sexual supplies shop before, not that she was in the least bit worried what others might think. Such a concern might have been genuinely something to consider a hundred or even fewer years ago, but it wasn't any more. However, she was slightly conscious that she lacked experience or a background awareness -  like going into an expensive restaurant or a golf club for the first time perhaps. 
In the window was a display of vibrators of various sorts more extensive a range than the supermarket carried along with various aids to enjoyment with  a partner and a selection of robots, male and female. One or two robots of both sexes looked quite inviting. 
She opened the door and went in. 
"Can I help you?" asked a woman of about Adela's age, smiling" reassuringly. 
"I was thinking of a robot," said Adela. "I'm between partners..." she didn't say, ten years between ... "and I thought a robot might fill the gap, so to speak." 
"I'm looking for a good home," said a tall female dressed in frilly knickers and a 'come hither' smile. "At the moment I'm programmed AC/DC. Want to share me with a partner?" 
"I said I was between partners," answered Adela, becoming aware only as she said it that she was speaking to a robot. 
The shop assistant, who was human as far as she knew, smiled. "We can reprogram her while you wait, if you like," she said. 
"I think I'd like to look at all the possibilities before I make up my mind," said Adela. 
"Suit yourself," said the robot, rather abruptly. 
Adela decided that she didn't like her - it - much. She wondered whether it was something to do with the AC/DC programming. She had to admit that it was very realistic, though, and wondered how good she - it - would be in bed. 
"What else do you have?" she asked.
"We have some very interesting male robots," said the human. "They're programmed to respond to your preferences and recognise an orgasm. They learn from experience too, up to a point. In addition, they're all fully equipped with a vocally operated override for safety and comfort. All in all, they are very satisfying as physical partners, though they are a bit limited intellectually. " 
"Unlike the men I've encountered," remarked Adela, "They tend to be quite good intellectually but hopeless in bed," 
"Well, when violence and aggression was engineered out of them, all sexual assertiveness seems to have gone with it. one of the costs I'm afraid." 
"You sound regretful," commented Adela. 
"Not really," answered the woman. "It has made a lot of business for us. Quite a significant proportion of women like a little assertiveness while remaining in overall control. We can program that into any robot, no problem. With the override you still remain in control, while having as much of whatever you want. We can programme for absolutely any taste, requirement or fetish," she said. 
"I'm not into domination," Adela, remarked, "but the men I've met have seemed a little ... well, flat." 
"Ah," said the woman with a knowing smile, and she dropped her voice conspiratorially, "if you don't fancy a robot but you miss a little ... " She hesitated, searching for an appropriate word  but falling back on one well tried already. "... assertiveness, I think I can do something for you." 
"Yes?" 
"Yes. We have undertaken a little genetic manipulation of our own, at least our suppliers have. There's nothing actually illegal about it, though the authorities might very soon make it illegal if they knew we were doing it."  
"Go on." Adela was curious. 
"We have genetically engineered the ideal partner. Either sex, of course. The male version is not too bright, but he can be trained to do housework and cooking, as well as to be exceedingly good in bed. Always ready and, like a robot, he doesn't take offence if you don't feel like it. Got a dong like a donkey and a good physique." 
"But they'd take years to mature and train and what would you do with them if you got tired of them?" objected Adela. 
The woman paused. The hesitation was just long enough for Adela to realise that there was more to what she was being offered than she had been told so far .
"That's what the authorities might object to if they realised what we're doing. These partners are engineered to develop quickly and age quite quickly as well.At about five or less they're ready to train, you get about fifteen years good use from them. We'll give you a fair trade in before that or dispose of him or her for you after that." 
"But that sounds rather callous treatment for a human," said Adela, worried. 
"Oh no," the woman answered quickly, "They're not real humans, any more than a dog is. They look like the traditional ideal of a male or female human, depending on which sex they are, of course, but they're not human. They're a sort of animated robot. For women they're better than a robot, because a robot tends to be a bit heavy and lacking in give when it lies on you. Some of the robots are very good though," she added quickly, in defence of her own wares. 
For the first time Adela wondered whether genetic manipulation simply speeded up evolution or created something new and different. Was she a human, within the traditional meaning of the word? Was the woman in the shop? It would have been a problem for theologians or philosophers, were they not both extinct species and ethics an extinct study. Was the race still the human race? If it wasn't, could genetic engineering be considered evolution, or was it mutation? 
The moment passed though, as she realised that it was too late for her to undo the genetic changes that made her what she was. Anyway, she didn't know that she wanted to: it was no more than a little flicker of doubt, like a cloud passing momentarily over the sun. It was the old Adela that spoke. 
"Okay," she said, "If I say I'll have one how long do I have' to wait and how much do I have to pay?" 
"There's a bit more to it than that. Are you 'WF or  'WN'' ?"
"N. Non Fertile."
"Good. But I'll need to see your Identity Card to check your status for myself. Our suppliers want us to be more than just careful. We have to be absolutely scrupulous. Some of the males I referred to are fertile, so we can only sell a female to a 'WF'. We would certainly be in trouble with the regulations if we started selling fertile mentally subnormals to 'WF's. Our suppliers have several of each sex in training now. We can arrange for them to deliver this evening. On the other hand, they're rather expensive, I'm afraid. Twelve thousand four hundred and thirty five Units, though we can do long term credit on them, subject to status, if you require." 
Adela thought about it. All right," she said at length, "I can afford it, so I'll have one. A male." 
The woman pulled a catalogue from beneath the counter. "There are holograms and descriptions of personal partners here," she said. "Look through and choose." 
Adela looked. It was difficult to make a choice from a book, but they all certainly looked hunky. "This one." she said pointing. 
"Roger will arrive this evening," said the woman, as Adela took out  her holocard and her ID Card, thinking that she'd better tidy up the flat. 

Adela realised as she finished the housework that she would have to nip round to the all hours Super Store for a few odds and ends. She thought how much more convenient it would be to just vid. for the things you needed and have them delivered. Of course, Super Stores didn't want you to buy only what you needed they wanted you to buy a lot of things you didn't need as well. That's why they would deliver, but you had to go there in person. You could bet your boot disks that, if she went to the Super Store, Roger would arrive while she was out. 
She was still wondering what to do when the door announced a caller. Adela knew, of course, exactly who it would be, but she looked at the view screen which took up most of one wall of the living room. The programme was interrupted and the scene at the front door appeared. 
The woman from the sex shop smiled and said, "Just dropping Roger off to meet you." 
"Okay," she said, straining for a sign of her future partner, "come on up." 
"Let me introduce you," said the woman, as Adela came to the door. "Adela, this is Roger. Roger, Adela." 
He kissed her on the cheek and handed her a bouquet of flowers. He was certainly hunky. Tall and dark haired with a tight, sexy bum and broad shoulders. Not exactly a bodybuilder's overdone shape but, well, hunky. 
"Pleased to meet you," he said. He sounded quite normal. Adela was stunned. 
"Come in," she said, a little faintly, suddenly aware that she was just standing there on the landing, looking. 
"Thanks, but no thanks," said the woman, "I'll just leave you two to get acquainted. Don't forget," she added in a low voice to Adela as Roger " passed inside, carrying a holdall and a small case, "He needs a few hours to bond with you. After that he'll get attached to you and there's no risk of him straying. Have fun," she added as she turned to leave. 
"Welcome home, Roger," said Adela, leading the way into the lounge. 
"Very nice," he said. "Fancy a quick screw now?" 
Adela was a little taken aback, though the sight of him had put exactly that idea into her mind already. 
She covered her surprise and said, "I've got to pop out for a few minutes for one or two things for later. Can you wait 'till I get back?"
 "Sure," said Roger amiably and sat down facing the viewscreen. 

As the front door knew Adela it would have let her in straight away. Instead it announced another caller. Roger looked at the viewscreen and saw a woman friend of Adela's. 
"Hello," she said, "Is Adela there? It's Maggie .
"She had to pop out for a few minutes for one or two things for later," Roger replied, repeating Adela's words and sounding normal, "Can you wait 'till she gets back?" 

"Oh," said the woman, "Can I come up and wait for her?" 
"Sure," said Roger. "You can let her in" He added for the door's benefit and went to meet her. 
"Wow," said Maggie when she saw him, "Where's Adela been keeping you?" 
`"Here," replied Roger, puzzled by the question. "Come in." 
Maggie took off her jacket. Roger looked at her appraisingly as he took it, so hard and long she looked a little excited and faintly embarrassed.
 "Very nice," he said. "Fancy a quick screw now?" 



Trespassers Will Be Persecuted

Spliff and Warner watched the two men unloading the last of the newcomer's furniture. A gust of chilly wind set dust and litter dancing in a spiral over the rubble of the damaged wall in front of the steel-shuttered newsagent's, and a splatter of rain forced them back into the boarded doorway of what used to be the community centre, before the fire
The view was as unprepossessing as Spliff and Warner themselves. The concrete tower block was a dismal grey, cheerless and graffiti covered at the lower levels. The brick of the walk-up flats should have been a mellow dark red, but had lapsed into a gloomy brown and the whole estate oozed an air of despondent neglect. Grass grew between the flagstones, but was gone from round the broken and stunted trees; half the flats were empty and boarded and everywhere there was litter and dog dirt.
The only thoughts in Spliff's dull brain revolved around whether the newcomer had anything 'nickable' and how easy or otherwise it would be to get into the flat to nick it. It must not be thought, by the way, that Spliff was 'dull' in the sense of unintelligent, because he wasn't - more 'unimaginative'. The situation of the two did not encourage a wider vision than weighing up the possibilities offered by the arrival of a new resident.
The ground floor flat had been spruced up a bit - there was a new door and the outside had been painted nicely. Spliff thought out loud that his name would look good in foot high lettering on that cleaned up wall. It wouldn't have to compete with other names and slogans to be seen. Not for a day or two, anyway. 
As they watched, one of the two men got into the van and drove off, while the door closed behind the other. Spliff wandered over with Warner trailing after him. Spliff was sizing up the wall when he noticed a metal box by the door, forty centimetres high, twenty centimetres wide and twenty centimeters deep and painted grey.
"Bet I can boot that tin box as far as the grass," he said to Warner.
"Bet you can't."
Spliff aimed a mighty kick at it. In his trainers it was like stubbing his toe against a concrete waste bin: the box was more solid and much heavier that it looked. As he jumped around, holding his foot and close to tears, the door opened.
"Oh, that's useful," said a voice, "Can you give me a hand?"
Before either of them really had time to realise what was happening, Spliff was holding the metal box against the inside of the front door, while the tenant bolted it in place.
"My own design," explained the bearded newcomer, "Letters drop onto this grid halfway down and slide out via this flap, but petrol or anything like that drops through the grid, into in the fireproof box. It isn't absolutely proof against fire raisers, but it ought to slow them down a bit."
Spliff thought it would, especially as the door itself was metal lined. New and nice looking, but almost certainly hardwood with a metal lining.
"Now I just have to slip this wrought iron grid in place in front of the door and we're through." said the newcomer with an air of satisfaction.
Spliff watched the decorative, black, wrought-iron grid being slotted into its hinges. There were no locks that he could see, just a simple catch.
"That won't keep anyone out," he said, more to himself than anyone else.
The new resident looked Spliff over with some interest. 
"It isn't meant to," the stranger said and pointed to a notice screwed onto the wall.
Spliff was not the World's best reader. The sign said:
 'CAUTION - TRESPASSERS WILL BE PERSECUTED BY THE GUARDIAN'
Spliff didn't think it made sense.
"The point of the grid is to keep the guardian in," explained the newcomer. "Anyone who breaks in has to open the gate, and they can't do that accidentally, so they'll only have themselves to blame for anything that happens."
Spliff wondered what 'persecuted' meant. Probably something like 'prosecuted', and that was usually just an empty threat. Warner wondered what they'd only have themselves to blame for.
The new bloke appeared to be in his early forties, but his appearance was distinctly odd. He had a rather pointed beard, a completely shaved, bald head and a slightly mocking smile, that was not entirely nice. He reached into the pocket of his red cord trousers and took out a two-pound coin.
"For helping," he said, offering it to Spliff.
Spliff took the coin and the stranger went inside.
The money pocketed, Spliff slouched back towards the empty shell of the Community Centre, Warner trailing after.
The latter was marginally better read than the former, though that didn't say a lot, and was still puzzling over the notice.
"Persecuted means, sort of, followed and got at all the time," Warner said, "Kind of like 'bullied'. Why would anyone do that?"
"I'd do that if somebody nicked my stuff and I knew who it was," admitted Spliff. "But it's just a threat. Anyway," he added, "How would he know who to perse ... perse ... bully?"
"Not him, the guardian."
"What's a guardian?"
"A bloke what guards something, I suppose," Warner answered.
Spliff shook his head slowly. 
"Got any money?" he asked.  "This won't quite buy ten cigs." He tossed the coin given him by red-cords.
Warner shook his head.
"I think I'll go over the place and see if there's anything worth nicking," said Spliff, thinking out loud.
Warner wasn't quite sure. He didn't say anything, but the notice made him feel just a little uneasy, and the odd appearance of the newcomer wasn't helping.
"I wonder if that guardian bloke is there all the time?" Warner wondered out loud. "The bloke said that grid was to keep the guardian in."
Spliff thought about it. "It's just to try and keep you out," he said at last. "Nobody would stay in all the time and how can he know who nicked the stuff if he doesn't?"
"Maybe there's a video camera or a big dog."
"I'll ring the bell and see if a dog barks and if there's a camera I'll nick it," said Spliff getting bolder. "It'll be worth a few quid," he added.
For some reason Warner still wasn't quite sure but for lack of any definite ideas, he allowed himself to be persuaded by Spliff's enthusiasm.
As they stood huddled in the doorway of the burnt-out Community Centre, the newcomer came out, wearing a wide brimmed black hat on his bald head. The flat door slammed and the man firmly shut the wrought iron grid. He picked up the shopping bag and strode off in the direction of the main road rather that the local shop. Spliff watched him go and thought he'd have time to 'do over' the flat before the bloke came back.
"Right," he said.

There was, as Spliff had observed in the earlier conversation, no lock of the wrought iron grid. It opened easily and, in spite of what red-cords had said, it appeared to be just decoration.
"I told him it wouldn't keep anybody out," he remarked.
"And he told you it wasn't supposed to," Warner pointed out.
Spliff looked again at the notice. It still didn't seem to make any sense. How would the guardian know who to bully? According to baldy, the grid was supposed to keep the guardian in. Spliff shook his head. Perhaps there was somebody in the flat, in which case he'd better ring the bell first, just in case. He pressed the button, waited a few moments and, when there was no sound other than the distant bell, tried the door. It was locked, of course.
"Shut up about the guardian and the grill," said Spliff, unaccountably irritated by Warner's remark. "This is a pretty tough lock in a metal plated door and we've nothing to force it. We'll have to break one of the windows at the side of the door. Get me a brick or something."
The wall in front of the newsagent's was a handy source of material, and Warner had no trouble prising loose a brick. 
Spliff did not even look around to see whether anyone was watching as he first smashed a hole in the glass and then enlarged the hole until he could reach his arm through and reach the lock. The door was held on a locking catch, but there was no mortice deadlock.
"Wait outside and ring the bell if you see him coming," said Spliff, opening both door and grill to let himself in. Spliff closed the door. Warner closed the grill and walked to the corner where he had a better view.
Inside Spliff looked around. He was in a small hall, the floor of which was tiled in ceramic tiles. It was unadorned except for a large mirror, which was screwed to the wall and looked rather heavy to carry far, even if he had come armed with a screwdriver. In any case he didn't quite like anyone watching, even if it was only his own reflection.
Spliff wandered into the living room and was surprised at what he saw. The floor was carpeted and there was a three-piece suite, the settee incorporating a bed but, instead of the music centre or the video and TV he expected to find, there were endless bookcases all round the room. Some of the bookcases were already full, while more books were packed into boxes stacked neatly on the floor. Spliff was not a reader and the idea that anyone should waste money on so many books was baffling. The only thing interesting was a carved wooden box, and all that contained was a large glass ball, wrapped up in a black cloth.
Disappointed, Spliff walked into the kitchen. There was a whistling kettle on the stove, but no sign of an electric kettle, much less a microwave or even a toaster. Even more disappointed he walked into the bedroom.
He was even more surprised by the bedroom than the living room. It was empty. There was new lino on the floor and heavy red curtains but, apart from a box with a cloth over it and couple of candles, which stood in the centre of the room, and a plain wardrobe against one wall, there was no furniture. He took the cloth off the box to see if there was anything it - there wasn't. He checked the wardrobe - nothing but coloured dressing gowns, or something similar to them.
Puzzled, Spliff returned to the living room and looked around again. There was absolutely nothing worth nicking and he hadn't any spray paint or a felt marker with him, and there was nothing like that in the flat. 
Frustrated, he swept his arm along one of the shelves, sending the books crashing to the floor. Then he noticed a slight panting noise, like a large dog. There was nothing in evidence. He shrugged and was about to send another shelf of books crashing when the bell rang.
'Warner's signal,' he thought, grabbing the carved wooden box and rushing to the door.
He was already turning the catch and opening the door, when he noticed an arm in a blue uniform through the broken window.
'My God!' he thought. 'The fuzz.' It wasn't: it was the post.
"Parcel for Mr. Brainridge," said the woman, holding out a package about twenty by forty centimetres by ten or twelve centimetres thick.
"Oh, er, yeah," muttered a slightly stunned Spliff.
"And a letter as well," added the woman, and Spliff took both the letter and parcel.
"Hardly moved in and I see you've had visitors already," said the woman sociably, pointing at the hole in the glass. "Pretty depressing place to live with all the louts and thieves round this estate. Bye."
She walked on and Spliff waited until she rounded the corner before he breathed a sigh of relief and exiting quickly, slamming the door behind him. He left the wrought iron gate swinging open and almost ran over to where Warner was waiting.
"I didn't know she was going to ring the bell," Warner apologised. "What's in the parcel?"
"No idea," Spliff. "Let's take it back to my place and find out."
"What else did you get."
"There was bugger all else worth lifting," growled Spliff.
"What's that with the parcel?" asked Warner, taking the letter. "Why has it got your name on it? Did you bring it with you?" he demanded.
Spliff snatched it back. "Don't be daft. I just got it with that parcel," he snapped. 
He stared at the name and address for a disbelieving moment. "Nobody 'cept the head teacher every called me Anthony," he said rather weakly.
He tore open the envelope and pulled out a singly sheet of paper. In rough letter, done in capitals in what looked like red felt pen, it said quite simply, 'TRESPASSERS WILL BE PERSECUTED.
II
Spliff threw the carved wooden box carelessly onto his bed and began to examine the parcel. He wondered out loud about the contents.
"Open it and see," Warner suggested.
Spliff peeled off the heavy tape and ripped open the cardboard.
"A book!" he said disgustedly. "A bloody book. He's got hundreds already."
Warner idly picked up the invoice and whistled in surprise.
"Phew," he said, "According to this, that book's worth over three thousand two hundred pounds."
"Go on," said Spliff. "No book's worth that."
"Anything's worth what somebody will pay," Warner observed sagely.
Spliff made no comment, but clearly thought over the remark before putting the book more carefully on the bed and picking up the wooden box.
"We could take it to Dobbie and see if he wants it for his boot fare stall, like we usually do with stuff," Warner continued. "Even if he doesn't want it himself, he would know how to get rid of it," he added, examining the postmark on the letter to Spliff. The latter opened the box and took out the crystal ball.
"How did anyone know to send this letter so that it arrived just as you were in the flat?" asked Warner, re-reading the letter itself.
"How do I know?" snarled Spliff.
"Perhaps he used that crystal ball?" joked Warner.
"Well he can't use it now, 'cause I've got it. How do you use one of these things, anyway?"
"You gaze into it," said Warner absently, looking at the postmark on the envelope again. "Today's the twenty-fifth, isn't it?"
"Yes. Why?"
"He posted this letter two days ago, before he even knew you existed. He must've used that crystal ball.
Warner took the crystal from Spliff, who put the stand on the table near the window and took the ball back from Warner to place it in the stand.
"All right," said Spliff, "Now I'm going to gaze into it."
Warner didn't think that just looking was likely to do anything and nor, to judge from the tone of his voice, did Spliff. He simply stared at the ball.
The ball reflected the view from the window and the curtainless window itself, but upside down and slightly distorted, of course. It was perhaps sixteen or eighteen centimetres in diameter, and the outline of the window, if you stood back, was a square of rainbow light.
Spliff moved closer. A dog took shape. A large dog, like some sort of terrier but large, grey and vicious looking. Spliff was shaken for a moment, then he noticed a dog walking past the house with its owner. It wasn't grey and it wasn't quite the same shape as the one he'd seen in the crystal, but he seized on the conclusion that this phenomenon was due the distortion. That was much the safest conclusion.
"I told you I wouldn't see anything," he said, which wasn't exactly true, since he hadn't expressed and opinion directly.
"Let's go and see Dobbie," Warner suggested.
Spliff nodded and put the ball back in the box. Warner picked up the invoice and the book and they went out.

Dobbie was a well-built man with a beer belly and thinning hair, cut very short to try and disguise the fact. He was genuinely good-humoured but unscrupulous and dishonest. He looked at the book and the invoice and then thoughtfully at Spliff.
"You've got yourselves a right little time bomb there," he said at length. "If anyone tried to sell this, the buyer would want to know where it came from and all about it, and they'd probably check up too. I don't want it and I don't want anything to do with it."
Spliff thought he was bartering. "I know I won't get anything like its real value, but make me an offer."
Dobbie kept his good humour, but said with a seriousness that seeped even into Spliff's brain, "Look. I said I didn't want anything to do with it. I'll bet there just two or three of them in the country. If one of them's missing and you've got it, you'll get well and truly nailed. I haven't seen it. You haven't offered it to me. I don't want it. I wouldn't touch it with a barge pole. Now, get lost before I look after my own hide and turn you in myself. Come back with something I can handle."
While Spliff was slowly taking in the dreadful reality, Warner cottoned on to the facts. 
"Like nicking a well known painting?" he asked.
"Exactly," nodded Dobbie. "No use nicking this kind of thing unless you've got a buyer lined up. Take it back. Put it in the bin. Leave it on somebody's doorstep. Take it to the police and say you found it. Do anything but get rid of it."
The pair turned to go. Spliff was distraught. "I've never had my hands on this much money before and I can't do anything with it," he said.
"You could take it to the rozzers, say you found it and claim a reward or the book if nobody came for it. That way would be yours and you could sell it legally."
"No," said Spliff, turning down the side of the apology for a park. "They'd ask too many questions and my prints are all over that card where I signed for the parcel."
"This isn't the way back to your place," Warner remarked, as they headed towards the flat they had broken into earlier. Spliff prised a brick loose from the remains of the wall by the newsagent's.
"Hello," said Spliff. "He's repaired the hole in the glass by the door already."
The smashed pane of glass next to the door had indeed been repaired. 
"Let's smash another for him," he said.
Spliff put down the book and hurled a brick at one of the other windows in the ground floor flat. It smashed with a satisfying crash, but they had to scarper as red trousers came out. He went straight to where Spliff had put down the book. He picked it up and carried it back to the front door, where he spoke, as one might talk to a dog, but softly.
He said, "He's still got the crystal and there's another window. Go and worry him a bit tonight, boy."
There was a very soft panting noise and something padded softly away. Red trousers went inside, shutting first the gate and then the door.
III
Spliff had a bit of a headache when he went to bed that night and the air felt rather oppressive, like a thunderstorm, though the weather wasn't the least thundery. For some reason he felt better with the light on as he lay listening to the radio, but the music bored him. This was not unusual but, when he turned off the radio, the silence was incredibly loud. His mother was out with her latest boyfriend and there was no telling whether or what time she'd be back. He picked out the faint sounds of traffic on the main road, and a couple of blokes walked past the maisonette arguing. When they'd gone the silence was even more deafening. Then he thought he heard it.
What exactly he thought he heard, Spliff couldn't have said. There are all kinds of noises in an empty house - timbers and stonework cooling when heating is switched off, doors or windows creaking or rattling in the draught of a chilly wind, pattering rain, the slight sounds of neighbours moving around. Being alone can make noises seem louder and more mysterious, not that Spliff, as has been observed already, was very imaginative.
Whether or not he was asleep and dreaming is a matter unclear to Spliff himself afterwards, but he thought he heard a large animal padding up the stairs. He thought it padded up to the bedroom door and sniffed loudly at the crack below it. He buried his head under the covers, possibly to shut out sight and sound but just when he was thinking that 'it' couldn't get at him through the door, 'it' jumped up onto the bed. 'It ' had weight and its breath smelled foul: sort of like rot and decay. 'It' stood on the bed, panting and growling. Spliff sat bolt upright in bed screaming.
The light was still on and, in the glare of the unshaded bulb, he saw that words TRESSPASSERS WILL BE PERSECUTED had appeared on his bedroom wall, written with a thick, red felt pen. He was certainly wide-awake by now.

"Perhaps you wrote it yourself," suggested Warner next morning. "You know, in your sleep or something."
Spliff wondered whether such a thing was possible.
In the cold light of day, a dream about a big dog and some writing on the wall with red felt pen didn't seem very scary.
"Have you got a red felt marker?" Warner asked.
Spliff thought about it.
"I don't think so," he answered at last. "Anyway, not a thick one and not new enough to run like that," he added.
Warner looked at the writing more carefully.
"I don't think it is felt pen," he said. "It's more like thick poster paint. Like the paints we used to use at school, but not with much water."
Spliff examined the writing carefully too.
"Or blood," added Warner as a joke.
"Don't be stupid," Spliff snapped, but he had to admit to himself that it did look more like paint than pen. Or more like blood, but he didn't like to think of the implications of that.
"Why don't you just take the stuff back and ask the bloke to call off his guardian?" asked Warner.
Daylight was making Spliff bolder and his terror of the night before had faded.
"Don't be stupid," he said again. "I 'm going to persecute him back."
"Well," said Warner, "It's you he's hounding, if you'll pardon the expression ..." Spliff glared at him. "But, if it was me I'd give in sharpish. I know when I'm beat."
"You give in too easily."
"But I sleep at night and I don't have bad dreams. Still, suit yourself. What do you think you're going to do?"
"I'll start by smashing his windows."
"I hope you don't mind," said Warner carefully, "but I don't think I'll have anything to do with it. Anyway, you broke his windows yesterday."
"Coward!" Spliff accused, to which Warner said nothing. "And you're superstitious."
Again Warner said nothing.
"Look," he said finally, "I've done over lots of places with you. We're old friends. The thing is, we always agreed when a job was too risky, that way we never got caught. I think this bloke has some kind of security system we can't beat and I don't want to risk it."
"Rubbish," answered Spliff. He half agreed with Warner, but he felt he would lose face if he backed down now and anyway the other, more violent, side to him wanted revenge for making him feel a fool. In daylight, at least, he felt bold enough to battle it out.
"I'm going to sort him out and if you won't help, I'll do it on my own." He felt angry in general, though his anger was not really against Warner.
Warner watched as Spliff went down the side of the 'park' - a small square of dirt and scrubby grass with a few sorry looking trees, all surrounded by rusting railings. The railings were, oddly enough, complete and for that reason it was used by dog owners to exercise those animals supposed to be kept muzzled and on a leash in public. In fact, its frequent use for that purpose was probably responsible for the railings being left intact - dogs tend to be like their owners and it is unwise for most people to tangle with a pit-bull or a rotweiler or its owner. Warner was not given to philosophical thought, but something like that might have been going through his brain as he shook his head reflectively, dodged the two muzzled dogs and their owner barging past him into the park, and went in search of other pastimes.
Spliff was armed with a can of spray paint and a stout piece of wood wrenched off an armchair someone had dumped. He strode purposefully up to the newcomer's flat. First he took out the can and decorated the wall with a couple of abusive but unimaginative remarks and his name, which he sprayed in foot and a half high letters.
Then he turned to the stick - and noticed that the broken window had been repaired again.
"That's quick," he muttered, and attacked the glass with the stick. The new glass shattered with a really satisfying crash and he opened the iron grid in front of the door.
"Still not locked," he muttered. "Never learns."
He didn't notice the slight padding noise, as if a large dog had come out, because he was busy attacking the panels at the side of the door. Finally he wrenched out the grid and threw it on the ground.
He was still admiring his handiwork when a van drew up, so he retreated to a safe distance to watch. On the side of the van it said 'WILSONS GLAZIERS -all types of glass repairs'
A bloke got out, went up to the front door and rang the bell. It was opened by the same bald but bearded man in red cord trousers who had paid Spliff the day before.
"I've come to fit the glass you ordered. Two windows and two toughened panels for the doorway," the glazier said.
Spliff couldn't believe his eyes as he watched glazier bloke unload. It must have been ordered long before he went on the rampage. The glazier started to work on the window, while red trousers reappeared carrying a brush and a can of paint. He put the can down and picked up the wrought iron grid, which slipped back into its hinges. He looked across at Spliff and smiled, though it was a slightly mocking and somehow rather unpleasant smile.
"Enjoy your last few minutes," he said.
"Are you threatening me?" demanded Spliff belligerently.
Red trousers was still smiling.  "I don't threaten," he said. "The notice about opening the gate was a warning you ignored, not a threat. This time I'm merely predicting your demise."
Spliff didn't know what a 'demise' was, but he inferred from the way the word was used that he didn't need one. A cold shiver ran up and down his spine. He gave red trousers what he thought a superior look, snorted what he thought was derisively and began to stroll away. Then he heard the padding feet and panting of a big dog.
Spliff looked around anxiously, but there was nothing to see. He began to run and the padding paws began to run as well.
Close to panic, he vaulted over the railings into the park in an attempt to shake off his invisible pursuer. There was a savage growling and Spliff fell awkwardly, an arm raised in self-defence as his foot twisted and one leg folded underneath him. He lay very still, his head at an unlikely angle.
The man with the two pit bull terriers was still exercising them and, though this was a 'public place' within the meaning of the dangerous dogs act, the dogs were off the lead, though they still had their muzzles on. By the time the horrified owner left the friend he'd been chatting to and crossed the patch of tatty grass that passed as a park, Spliff was in an untidy heap on the ground, his head at the same unlikely angle, with one of the two dogs sniffing at him. It seemed to be expressing no more than a general doggy interest. It did a little wee on the body and then wandered off. 
By the time red trousers walked across to the park, the friend had gone to call an ambulance and the owner was examining Spliff.
"I wouldn't waste time on him," said red cords. "He's dead already."
"Nothing to do with my dogs," said the owner, worried about what the police would say. "I didn't see what happened, but they've had their muzzles on all the time. Anyway, they're always so placid since they've been neutered."
"I saw it all from a distance," nodded red trousers. "They weren't anywhere near him when the other dog jumped over the fence after him." He shook his head sadly at Spliff.
The dog owner looked around. "I didn't see any other dog and seems to have gone now."
"I saw it," said red trousers. "A really big, shaggy thing. Dog like that ought to be kept behind a good high iron gate with a warning notice. I'll be finishing my painting if the police want to speak to me."
He strolled back to his flat and held the gate open as if for somebody - or something - to enter. Then he closed the decorative grid, picked up the paint and brush and began to repaint the wall, obliterating Spliff's name.
By the time the ambulance arrived for Spliff's body, all trace of his name was gone and, it may be supposed, there was little remembrance of it either.



The Godmother
(A Children's Fairy Story from an Adult Perspective)

I don't know how I got landed with it all. I mean to say, her physical well-being was never my responsibility at all, I just felt sorry for her. I don't know, perhaps I did feel responsible in a general way as well, considering her position. And all that business with the shoe, I must say that was just plain stupid, the whole idea, and did it cause me some trouble. But I'm getting a bit ahead of myself. Let me start at the beginning. 

Actually, I do know how I got landed with it, I just forgot for a minute. Her mother was a friend of mine. Such a nice woman. My friend's mother was the king's younger sister, so my friend was the king's niece and, like I said, ever such a nice person. Very kind and very polite. 

Anyway, my friend married a nice young nobleman. A bit lower rank than her, only a baron I think. Of course, married to the king's niece he did quite well for himself, though I'm not saying he didn't work hard too. They had a daughter, this friend of mine and the baron. Lovely child she was as well, with silky blonde hair and blue eyes. She's still a beauty, of course. Yes, she has definitely grown up to be a real beauty, with elegance and poise as well as good looks to go with a nice nature. She was always quiet and well behaved as a very young child and so considerate when she got a bit older.  My friend asked me to be her Godmother and I agreed. I was only too happy to help, but that's how it all started. 
Then, when the daughter was about seven or eight, my friend up and dies. Oh I don't mean that she did it on purpose or even that suddenly, like. I didn't hear about it right off, because I was out of the country for more than two years, but the way it was told to me afterwards, it happened something like this:  She was out riding one day and a low branch knocked her off the horse - a pure accident, it could have happened to anybody. She was concussed and she broke a few bones as well. She just lay there on the grass amongst the trees and it began to rain. The baron was up at court and it seems none of the servants missed her until the horse arrived back at the castle without her. She'd gone out alone and nobody knew exactly where she was, so it was hours before any help arrived. 
The first thing was that some of the broken bones didn't knit properly and a cut was infected too. The next thing she'd caught a nasty chill. She was bedridden for months, getting steadily worse. It wasn't the baron's fault and it certainly wasn't the daughter's fault either, poor little mite. All the same, the king was not pleased about his niece's accident and a lot of the baron's wealth and fortune slipped away, along of the king's favour. Up to that point it was nobody's fault - from there on the baron did some quite inexplicable and really rather stupid things. Well, it seems like they're stupid to me anyway. 
First off, the baron began to be very careful with money and began to trade. He drove some very hard bargains and made a lot of cash but lost a lot of friends. Money and real friends don't appear to go together, and a grasping nature doesn't cultivate affection, as several famous writers have pointed out over the years. He became very well off, though you wouldn't think it to see him or his castle. There were hardly any servants. There was not a lot to eat: enough food but nothing fancy, and he was away a lot as well. Then he got married again. Now I suppose a body shouldn't be that surprised at that, and maybe I'm prejudiced, because I was a close friend of the first wife but ... well, what a choice! 
It wasn't that she was a lot older than him or that she had two daughters by an earlier marriage, though she was and she did, but she was a crabby old witch to start with - and he made her worse. For a start he never gave her enough money. She had a bit of money of her own and she had to spend it on her two girls. He didn't have anything like enough servants to run the house and the money he gave her for housekeeping was nothing like enough. She wasn't that bad looking, I suppose, but he didn't seem to look at her much, because he was hardly ever home, and when he was he hadn't a good word for her. She did tend to take it out on his daughter a bit and treat her rather like one of the servants, but he did provoke her something shocking. 
That was when they got this invitation that really started the trouble. The king's son came of age and they were having this huge party to celebrate. Now she was related to the boy, sort of second cousin or something, and she was invited. So were the two stepsisters. Her father felt the king had abandoned him and refused to go to the ball himself. He even refused to buy the girl any clothes for the party. The stepmother didn't see why she should spend her money on his daughter when he never spent anything on her kids. There she was, right in the middle of their quarrel and no chance of going to the party. 
Well, I did feel sorry for her, poor little thing. She was left with the servants while the stepmother and the stepsisters went to the party. I'm always reluctant to resort to magic for humans, because they never seem to appreciate it, but I decided to make an exception this time. A lot of work it caused me, too. 
I had her running around collecting various things like mice, lizards, a pumpkin and so on. I didn't really need them, but it keeps up the air of mystery that mortals seem to need to cope with the supernatural. Then I sent her off to the party, on condition she left before midnight. Well, I was her godmother wasn't I, and godmothers are responsible for moral upbringing! 
Being such a beauty it's no surprise that she made a quite hit with the prince, nor that not having been to formal parties or balls much, she nearly forgot the time. In her rush to leave, she lost one of her shoes. Now that was what led to the trouble. The prince wanted to find her again. She was coy and he had the shoe. He came up with this mad idea that he'd marry whoever the shoe fitted. I ask you, have you ever heard anything so crazy? 
He knew this girl was between 14 and 24. Now, there were thousands of girls between 14 a 24 in the country. Nobody had bothered to keep a list of guests at the party, so almost any of them might have been there, either as a guest or a gatecrasher. About one in six or one in eight of the girls and young women would have had feet that would have fitted reasonably into the shoe. He was going to start in the capital and work his way outwards and he was promising to marry the first girl the shoe fitted. I told you magic always causes problems with mortals, but I don't mind telling you that this was one problem I hadn't foreseen when I did that bit of fancy stuff with a pumpkin. There was no help for it, I had to sort this one out.
First I had to make myself invisible then, for five whole days I stayed with that stupid boy. Everywhere he went I made the shoe a bit larger or a bit smaller so it didn't fit anyone, and then she almost didn't try it. Mind you, that wasn't her fault. She didn't know about the Prince's visit and the stepsisters never told her because they never knew she'd been to the party. I had to plant the idea in the Prince's mind that there was some one else in the castle. 
Anyway, I'm pleased to say that she tried the shoe and it fitted, of course. The Prince married her. She had a bit of money to help the stepmother and stepsisters. The baron was back in favour with the king. He was a bit nicer to his wife and the girls than before and a bit less miserly with the readies. I won't say everybody lived happily ever after - humans are too bloody stupid for that - but things weren't too bad.



Parallel Loop

The part-Afro woman leaned across the desk and pressed the 'record' button on the tape recorder.
"Detective Inspector Millicent Hampshire and Detective Constable Tommy Hammond," she said into the microphone. "Investigating the unexplained fatal fire at the home of the late Doctor Douglas Anderson. Interview with Doctor Lester Waybridge commences at 14.35 on 23rd March."
D.I. Hampshire looked up from the microphone, drew a breath and wondered how to start on an odd interview. She decided a few safe facts were the best opening gambit. She looked at the elderly archaeologist. Balding and bearded, he looked close to or beyond retiring age.
"You are Doctor Lester Waybridge?" she asked for the tape.
"I am."
"You lecture in archaeology at Witchmoor University?"
"I do," the archaeologist agreed. "This is my last year. I retire in June this year."
"You visited the home of Doctor Douglas Anderson yesterday evening, just around the time of the fatal fire?"
"Just before," agreed the doctor. "It started as I was leaving and I raised the alarm."
"I gather from the report of the officer who attended the scene," Millicent said, coming to the potentially puzzling part of the matter, "that you admitted talking to Doctor Anderson."
Waybridge nodded.
"Can you tell me," Millicent asked, "What an elderly archaeologist and a 42 year old physicist had to talk about."
Waybridge hesitated. "I think I'd like to tell you the whole story from the beginning, then you can ask me questions."
Millicent saw no objection to that. "All right," she agreed.
"Do you know Bolling Hall in Bradford?" Waybridge asked.
"I went there on a school trip years ago," Millicent said, "But I don't remember much about it."
"Let me remind you," Waybridge said. "Bolling Hall is an architectural nightmare when taken as a whole, but a historical treasure. It's roughly orientated east and west and faces south. Somewhere in the thirteenth century someone built a square tower, three stories high with narrow windows and a flat, battlemented roof. It was built to be defended. In the fourteenth or early fifteenth century the first addition was made, extending the tower to the north, two stories high. This provided kitchens and servant's quarters. In Tudor times a two-story extension eastwards provided a panelled entrance hall, drawing room and a couple of bedrooms. In Elizabethan times a large dining hall was built on eastwards. An early eighteenth century extension still further eastwards nearly balanced the original tower, except that it was a different shape and not quite as tall. Finally there was a Regency extension northwards from the last one. At every stage the original detail of the architecture was kept - all the panelling, fireplaces, cornices, mouldings, you name it."
"Bradford Council, who own the property, maintains it very carefully. When they authorised some repairs to the oldest section last September, they asked the Archaeology Department of Witchmoor University to come in and study the structure closely while the floor was up, and to supervise the repairs. I worked the Bolling Hall project for two or three days each week from October to the beginning of March of this year. My principal assistants were a doctorate student called Martin Jones and a member of my department called Mary Hewitt."
"While we were working on the restoration, Mary asked about the doors: one each in the north and the south walls  - which was the original one and which had been made when the first extension was done? I didn't think there was any argument. The south-facing door had a pointed arch with carved stone surround, while the one leading into the extension was plain and square. However, her question did lead us to look closely at the north door and the fireplace, and to notice that the wall one side was much thicker than the other. While I was examining the corner, with the stone paving slabs up, I noticed what appeared to be the edge of a step. We took some test soundings and found a hollow space. When we took out a section of the wall, it revealed a spiral staircase leading down to a cellar or dungeon."
"There was no mention of the cellar in any record of Bolling Hall and it appeared possible it was blocked when the first extension was built, back in the fourteenth century, though goodness knows why. Anyway, I was excited. I got the workmen doing the renovations to rig up a lamp on a long lead. We were cautious in our descent, but I led the way."
"The steps did indeed lead down to a cellar, though not very large. The place was stone built and floored and had every appearance of being the same age as the tower, though there was nothing about the structure we could actually date. The place was airless, with no ventilation I could see, and rather damp. The space was quickly explored but contained some very odd items. There was a skeleton, a jug and mug and the remains of a plate, along with a carefully sealed wooden chest. The latter turned out to be smeared all over with candle wax, which was responsible for its remarkable state of preservation. Needless to say we took lots of photographs and then moved the various artefacts back to the University to study them properly."
"What we had discovered was puzzling in the extreme and we kept most of it confidential for a time. Indeed, some of the most extraordinary aspects of the finds I kept from Martin and Mary. The press were only told of finding the dungeon and the skeleton and the mug and so on next to the bones. We mentioned those to the press and admitted that it looked like the individual had been deliberately left in the dungeon and the entrance bricked up. That was so sensational that they never asked for more information. We sent the bones to the British Museum to be carbon dated. The date we were given was so impossible that I gave out to everyone - including my colleagues - that they dated to the late fourteenth century - around 1360 to 1380, which is about the time the first extension was built. I got the date from what was inside the box. We carbon dated a sliver of wood from the chest itself to a pretty similar date to that I had been giving out."
"It was only partly true. Neither Martin nor Mary could throw any light on events - but I could have done. Inside the box were a book and some sheets of manuscript. That told me the story, but I did not mention the manuscript to my colleagues. The box was sealed with candle wax.  I opened it when nobody else was around and made no list of the contents."
The archaeologist took a drink of water and paused as if gathering his thoughts. He had a far away look as he sighed and said: "You're not going to believe the rest of the story," he said. He took another sip of water, sighed and continued.
"The box or chest was about two feet square by one foot deep - about sixty centimetres by sixty centimetres by thirty or so centimetres - and made of wood. The base was flat with small wooden feet carved in the shape of something like lion's paws. The lid was hinged and there was a hasp held in place by means of a wooden peg rather like a matchstick. In fact, the first anomaly was that it turned out to be a modern matchstick, carbon dated later as contemporary. The box wasn't locked but, as I said earlier, it was sealed with wax that, when analysed, turned out to be hardened animal fat - probably tallow of the kind used in medieval candles. That was the second anomaly - it carbon dated to around 1360 or 1380."
"I removed the matchstick from the hasp and opened the chest carefully. It was held shut only by the wax, which also sealed out the damp, so that the contents were very well preserved. Inside was a beautifully bound, handwritten book. It was in Latin, but it turned out to be a very early copy of the Holy Grail story about Parcival and his quest. That will be a very valuable asset to some museum and represents a considerable addition to our knowledge of the Grail story."
"Now, I have admitted to the chest, the wax and the book - all in keeping with the likely age of the cellar or dungeon. My department at the University was very excited and shared the reflected glory. I did not, however, mention the carbon dating of the bones or the matchstick. Nor did I mention the other great anomaly. The biggest of all."
"Inside the pages of the book were some hand written notes. They were in modern English and the writer appeared to have used a biro or gel-ink pen. They were initially dated 23rd March 2006 and the writer was Douglas Anderson. They told a story which is difficult to believe."
Waybridge paused as if he expected to be challenged but neither DI. Hampshire nor her DC said anything, so he continued.
II
"The anomalous manuscript consisted of notes written by Douglas Anderson. When I tell you his story you will understand why I had to talk to him personally."
"Douglas Anderson had discovered a way of moving between parallel universes. Now I didn't really know anything about the theory, but I gathered that he rigged up two wooden posts like doorposts, with a current passed around a combination of quartz points and electromagnets. When the current flowed the door was opened and varying the current gave some control over what universe you stepped into. Apparently Anderson had these things in his garage and on this occasion he was experimenting with taking a second set of 'door posts' through the first ones and setting them up to see whether you could open a second doorway parallel to the first."
"According to the notes, he walked through the doorway and into a world that seemed more or less empty: just tufty grass stretching as far as the eye could see in any direction. It wasn't winter either: it was warm enough to make him open and think about taking off his padded jacket. Seems he set up the two posts he'd brought with him to make another doorway. He took his time about setting them up and juggled with the settings to get them as near identical as those on the first doorway as he could. He pulled at the cable - and he knocked over something flammable. The liquid ran through the first doorway and flared up. Not wanting to be stuck in the parallel universe and with his return blocked by the flames, he stepped through the second doorway, before the power was cut off. He was just in time. The cable must have burned through and cut off the power supply: the door between the worlds was closed."
"When he looked around, he was standing close to a track through a thick forest. The trees and undergrowth formed an almost impenetrable barrier, through which the track cut a clear path, which he had no choice but to follow. It was cold with a chilly wind. The trees showed no sign of spring, though some of the undergrowth was evergreen. Other areas below the trees were a tangle of brambles and briars, but lifeless. It looked, in short, like a cold March day and he zipped up his padded jacket again."
"Anderson said in the notes that he simply started walking along the track, carrying the 'door posts' and the length of cable with him. He wrote that he had some idea of finding another power supply and reopening the doorway, though he wasn't clear whether he could just plug in the power supply. He had no idea of where he was. I think the question of 'when' was more important than 'where', but he didn't know that."
"After thirty or forty minutes walking he came to a small clearing in the forest with several thatched wooden huts around a patch of cultivated land. There were at least two kinds of plant, one of them like some variety of cabbage and another that looked as if it might have been a root crop of some kind. Both appeared to have gone to seed, which implied that there had been no harvesting the previous autumn. There was no sign of life and nothing moved. Anderson put down the doorposts to investigate."
"Beside one of the huts were six crude mounds of earth, suggestive of graves, recently, but not newly, dug. One of the huts had a wooden fence round it and smelt of pig. There was a break in the fence, however, and the pig or pigs were gone. Inside one hut was a decaying body showing the signs of the depredations of carrion eaters, probable rats, because he caught a glimpse of one. It was not possible to make out the dress style, but hanging up on a peg behind the door was a smock and cloak with a distinctly medieval look. He was not in the hut for long - but long enough to be bitten by a flea."
"There was nothing in the hamlet to eat but the well water looked clean, so Anderson risked a drink before he leaned the two 'door-posts' against the side of a hut and walked on. The trees were endless and the scenery unchanging. The path kept steadily in a generally southerly direction and climbed steadily too. Anderson was sweating in spite of the chill wind. After over an hour and a half and with light beginning to fade he came upon another clearing, rather larger than the first."
"There was another cluster of huts, which one might euphemistically call a village, as poor and fragile as those he had seen earlier, a rather larger cultivated area and a square, stone tower about three stories high. I recognised his description as probably being the first stage in the development of Bolling Hall, so the date would be somewhere in the mid to late thirteenth century. It occurred to me, even before I read on, that a date around 1360 to 1365, when the plague - the 'black death' - was ravaging England, which was quite likely. In view of what happened next, such a date seems almost certain: perhaps 1362."
"There were people about and, though nobody spoke a language he could communicate in, Anderson made it clear that he was lost, hungry and needed help. He said that he was originally given the cellar to sleep in because there was nowhere else in the tower. He wasn't a prisoner. Then after a day or two he began to fall ill. The flea-bite he received in the hut in the first village had no doubt been responsible for his catching the plague. When his hosts recognised the plague, they walled up the cellar, presumably in something of a panic to protect themselves. At least some of them survived, because the rest of Bolling Hall was built."
III
D.I. Hampshire and D.C. Hammond could both see why Waybridge had been anxious to look up Doctor Anderson - assuming that this fantastic tale was true, and some of it was verifiable. However, it was clear to Hammond that Anderson couldn't be both dead in a twenty-first century fire and buried in the 1360s ... or was it clear? His mind boggled at the implications of 'parallel universes' or, in this case, 'parallel loops', if there was such a thing. 
"So you read these notes and decided to see Doctor Anderson?" said Millicent.
"Not quite," Waybridge told her. "First I checked to see whether there was such a person, where he lived and a little about him. Discreetly, of course."
Millicent nodded.
"When I found that there was such a person living locally and employed in the Physics Department at Bradford University it gave me pause for thought. If he was in Witchmoor now, he wasn't yet dead in the 1360s. I could, therefore warn him of the risk. Besides, I was fascinated by the idea of parallel universes, though I knew very little about the concept. Accordingly I rang up Douglas Anderson at work and asked if we could meet. I told him a little of my find and he invited me to his home."
"You went there on Sunday the 23rd March?" Millicent asked.
"Two pm," Waybridge agreed. "I thought that if he was meeting me he couldn't be using the doorway."
"And he told you the science behind his device?" she remarked.
"No. He told me the science behind the theory of parallel universes. He carefully avoided giving me any clues about the device. I got those from the notes."
"He started by explaining a hologram to me. He said I had to understand that as a first step. To form a hologram, he told me, you split a beam of laser light: half falls directly on the light sensitive plate and the other half bounces off the subject and onto the plate. What is recorded is the interference between the two halves of the beam. Shine a light through the negative at the same angle as the original beam and you get the hologram. I could follow that, and Anderson went on to explain that a lot of quantum physicists think the whole universe is holographic: what you might call a projection from a higher level."
"Doctor Anderson said that he found the most interesting feature of a hologram is that if you change the angle of the beam ever so slightly, you can store another hologram in the same space. Potentially, Anderson claimed, if the universe is holographic, you could store an infinite number of parallel universes in the same space.  He had been experimenting with travel between them."
Millicent could follow the logical progression, though believing it was another matter. "How did he take your warning?" she asked.
"Seriously, I thought. He took the notes and read them in some detail. He asked to keep them to copy and said he would think about the warning."
"He kept the notes?"
"Yes."
"So where are they now?"
"I presume," Waybridge said, "that they went up in the fire."
Hammond thought that might be very convenient. 
"You have no proof your story, then," Millicent said.
"I've every proof of my own part of it," Waybridge said. "I also told you what Anderson's notes said, or the general drift of them. I've no proof of that."
"Where were you when you first saw the fire?"
"I had already climbed into my car," the archaeologist said. "I saw smoke coming from under the garage door. I started to get out and go to ring the doorbell again, but while I was wondering how it could be - a matter of seconds - there was an explosion from the garage which blew the doors partly open and covered everything in sheets of flame, so I phoned the fire brigade instead."
"An explosion?" Hammond said.
"The petrol tank of his car or something." Waybridge agreed.
Millicent drummed her fingers on the table. The archaeologist had been to the house just before the fire. He seen the fire and raised the alarm. There was nothing to suggest that he had anything to do with causing it. The fire had started in the garage of a three-story town house with the garage on the ground floor. There was no real evidence of any foul play and therefore nothing to keep Waybridge at the station. He was merely a person who happened to be around just before a fatal fire. The story was strange, perhaps, but so what?
"Well, thank you for your time, Doctor Waybridge," Millicent said, "I'll get some of the interview typed up as a statement and get you to sign it. Otherwise I think that's all."
"Waybrdge rose and Tommy Hammond saw him out. When Hammond returned, Millicent was still sitting at the table, fingers lightly drumming on her notepad.
"It can't have been Doctor Anderson's bones in the cellar of Bolling Hall," Hammond said. "We found his body in the house."
"It can't have been Doctor Anderson," Millicent agreed. "At least, I don't see how that would be possible, even in a parallel loop. But Anderson had a 21 year old stepson who's missing after the fire. I've been ringing around checking for him. By coincidence he was also called Douglas Anderson and by yet another coincidence he was a doctorate student in his father's department at the university. The housekeeper says he was into whatever experiments his father was doing. "



The Price of Success

As early as 1992 some 64,000 transgenic animals (animals with the genes of more than one species)
were born in the UK alone, including some 'geep' part goat, part sheep.

Jonas M'bwanbi looked at the "shigs" jostling for a place at the trough and guzzling the food. There was no doubt that these crossed animals part pig, part sheep were fertile beggars. Sheep usually have one lamb and twins are regarded as a triumph. Pigs have a litter of young   amounting to at least six and not unusually to eight or ten. Shigs were just as prolific in their numbers and this would solve his family's problems, that and the "waize" he'd planted. 
The waize seed was rather expensive to buy, of course, because you could only buy it from the company that owned the patent, but it grew in a hotter, drier climate than wheat usually did and the flour cooked better than maize flour. He felt satisfied. He had used the last of his cash to buy four shigs from a man the agent had put him in touch with. At last his family would eat well and there'd be a lot of shiglets to market and some waize as well. They hadn't lived so well since the Americans stopped buying their pyrethrum.
His brows scrunched up and his nostrils dilated like those of an angry bull, at the thought of that little incident back in the early nineties. The insecticide pyrethrum comes from a plant related to the chrysanthemum. Some big company had genetically engineered insecticidal genes from pyrethrum in to a mid-latitude chrysanthemum plant, so the Americans could grow it themselves instead of importing it from the tropics. He and his mother had grown pyrethrum as a cash crop and, when the market for the stuff collapsed overnight, his family had struggled just to survive for quite a few years. They had been lean years. 
He watched the shigs snuffling around after any food that might have spilled out of the trough. They'll eat almost anything, the agricultural agent had claimed, and he was right. The agent had explained that pigs had a much tougher digestive system than sheep. Tougher even than a goat or a "geep" and shigs had the same digestive system as pigs. He had nearly gone for two or three geeps, but the greater weight gain of a shig had decided him. But weren't these creatures prolific! 
They weren't that attractive to look at. It was too hot for either sheep or pigs here, so he hadn't actually seen either, but he doubted if they were as odd and ugly as a shig. They were fat, hairy things that lumbered clumsily and generally rather slowly around, turning their whole surroundings to trampled dust - to mud whenever it was wet  - into which they prodded and pushed their snub noses in search of food. They were dirty, smelly, snuffling things with a deep "baa" of a call. But boy were they ever breeders.  
He supposed he had better go and fill in the survey form the agent had left. The original suppliers wanted to know how many live births there had been. Well, he'd plenty to report. 
Before he left the shigs, Jonas topped up the water trough and checked the pen - the agent had referred to as a 'sty'. Satisfied that all was secured, he began to walk back, past the waize field, towards the house. He noticed that the slightly orangy heads were fat and ripe, ready to harvest. Tomorrow they would all turn out into the field and make a start on harvesting it. He would cut, his older son and older daughter could gather, while his wife, Ajuke, and his other daughter threshed. His mother liked to think she was helping, so she could lay out the bunches for threshing. It wouldn't make much difference to the speed of the operation, but they would kid her that it did. It was a good crop and this was going to be a good year. A few more like it and they'd be able to afford to hire a mechanical thresher. That would really make things easier. 
The next morning, as soon as it was light, Jonas fed the shigs and then got out his sickle and a sharpening stone. He wanted to cut as much of the waize as he could before it got really hot. He was sure that it was getting hotter these days. Ajuke had just laughed on the occasions he had mentioned it to her. She said that it wasn't the summers getting hotter so much as him getting older. Probably she was right. Whether or not, he intended to start cutting early and take a longish break in the middle of the day. 
By mid-morning he was ready for a rest and a drink. Jonas junior and his sister had been gathering the cut stalks of grain for hours and Ajuke had kept up with the threshing. It was going well enough to rest until afternoon. There was no likelihood of rain: the rainy season had been growing shorter in recent years. In the old days that would have been a problem, but waize didn't seem to need as much moisture as crops used to do.
The harvest took four days, although they could have managed it in less if there had been any reason to hurry. Close to the end of the fourth day the agricultural agent, Mr. N'Fufu dropped by. His elderly Landrover pulled up in a cloud of dust and he wandered over to the edge of the field, where he stood watching. His eyes followed the sacks of grain, fifteen in all, as one by one they went back to the house, though he did not offer to help move them.
"Had a good crop?" he asked , as Jonas neared the end of the job.
"Very good," Jonas answered. 
"You get a good yield from waize. I told you so," said Mr. N'Fufu. 
Jonas nodded. "So you did," he agreed. 
"How are the shigs?"
"Breeding very well. I filled out a survey form for you. I'll just finish hauling these sacks to the house then I'll get it." 
Mr. N'Fufu nodded as Jonas picked up another sack, heaved it onto his shoulders and staggered back to the house with it, straining under the weight. He still made no offer of help but leaned against the Landrover and watched until the last sack was on its way. then he strolled towards the shig pen. 
A minute or two later Jonas joined him, carrying the survey form. 
"I see you've had quite a lot of shiglets," N'Fufu observed. 
"Thirty six."  Jonas was as proud as if he were personally responsible.
 "That's going to be a lot of money." N'Fufu was frowning slightly and his expression suggested that was some kind of problem. "The supplier's royalty is more than the selling price just at the moment."
Jonas looked puzzled. "But I bought them in a private deal. You put me in touch with the man yourself."
"Doesn't make any difference," N'Fufu told him. "If you own a shig you have to pay a royalty to the company for every live shiglet born."  He paused. "It goes on for seventeen years from their introduction, that's another fourteen years. When the shig grows up and has shiglets itself, you pay a royalty on them too." 
This wasn't good news to Jonas and it wasn't anything he had heard before. Certainly the agent had never mentioned it when he decided to buy the animals. 
"How much do they want?" he asked. 
"The royalty is twelve US. dollars for each animal born," N'Fufu answered. 
Jonas did a quick calculation in his head. Thirty-six shiglets at $12.00 was $432. That was a huge sum. "What's the going price in the market?" he asked.
"Around $25 for a fully grown animal depending on condition," answered the agent. "Only about $4. for a month old shiglet though. There's no demand for the young ones."
Again Jonas was doing some quick calculations. $160 dollars for the full grown ones and $144 for the young. Perhaps $80 for all of the waize and $10 for his few chickens. Altogether his income would be under $400. He had the land, of course, but with no animals and no crop from it, apart from some lentil bushes on south edge, it wouldn't keep the family alive. He wondered how long the multi-national company would wait for their money. He might get more for the shiglets in six months. He asked the agent.
"The company want their money immediately," N'Fufu told him. "Under the GATT agreement, the government has to honour patents and, if we didn't agree to enforce the company's terms, then the crops wouldn't be available to our farmers.
"And if I don't pay?"
"The government seizes your land, auctions everything off to pay the royalty and throws you in prison if it isn't all paid off."
"And my family?" 
N'Fufu shrugged and looked uncomfortable. "They'll have to find jobs," he said at length. Jonas knew that they were very unlikely to find work. So did N'Fufu. 
"There's no wonder that man sold me the shigs cheap," observed Jonas, breaking a long silence in which he had watched the ugly creatures snorting and snuffling around. "How's he doing?"
The agent looked uncomfortable again. "He's not around," he said. 
"Where is he? Prison?" 
N'Fufu nodded.
 "And his farm?"
"Auctioned off," said the agent, "That's why you got those four shigs so cheap. He knew what it was coming to. 
Jonas knew what it was coming to as well, though he was not quite so sanguine about it as the other farmer seemed to have been. "You may as well take the form," he said, offering it. N'Fufu took it and turned back towards the Landrover. "Can you l end me your rifle till tomorrow," Jonas asked him "I've a couple of wild dogs prowling around the shig pen. I saw their tracks this morning and I don't want them getting inside."
The agent hesitated.
 "You'll be this way tomorrow or the next day with the bill. You can pick it up then.
 "I'm going to write the bill and leave it with you," the agent answered as they     reached the Landrover, "But I can collect the gun when I collect the royalty money I suppose." He opened the driver's side door and reached inside for a pad of forms. He rested the pad on the bonnet of the vehicle and wrote slowly and with an air of great concentration. "How much waize seed will you need next year?" he asked at length.
 "I'll keep back a couple of sacks from this year's harvest," Jonas told him. N'Fufu put down the pencil and looked up "With several of the seeds," he began, "It just isn't possible to grow from the seed you keep back. If won't germinate.  That's to protect their investment. Waize is one that will grow from your seed, but whether you buy new seed or use what you keep back, the royalty is just the same,"
"You mean I can't just use my own harvest as seed?" Jonas was shattered by the idea. 
"You don't think the company invested millions in research to have every farmer using their invention for free," objected the agent. 
Jonas sighed. "I'll let you know what I need," he said. The life of plenty which had seen just a few days before was slipping away again. His bills were far out stripping his income, and there would be nothing for his family. "Okay," said N'Fufu, standing up straight and tearing off the bill to hand it over. "I'll come back the day after tomorrow for the money." 
He reached inside the Landrover again. "Here's the gun," he said, handing it over. "Look after it." 
"I will," said Jonas, and shot him. 
He left N'Fufu's corpse, still looking surprised, and went to the shig pen. He chose one of the larger shiglets and lifted it out. 
We may as well have a decent last meal," he thought aloud.
*   *   *
Later he sat in the light of a solar powered lamp and stared at the bill again. He ran his fingers through his greying hair. How on earth could he have been expected to find the money? Perhaps he should have lied about the live birth rate. Hidden some of the young shigs in the bush or slaughtered them immediately. 
With Ajuke and the children silent now there was no sound except the bleating of the shigs. Dirty, greedy things! Like the company which produced them. The house was a mess: blood everywhere. It was a shigstye. He shook his head and sighed as he went outside to fetch the can of petrol he had siphoned out of the Landrover. He splashed some around the house and struck a match. 
The house was already blazing fiercely as he splashed some more petrol around the Landrover. 
Two fires were already blazing fiercely as he splashed the rest of the petrol around the shig shed and lit it.

At first he could hear the frantic bleating of the shigs. Then there was a gun shot and he heard nothing. He didn't even hear the gunshot.



El Quinto Sol

I pushed back my broad brimmed hat and mopped my face. Then I had to put on some more mosquito repellent. That's the trouble with this part of the Yucatan in summer: sit in the sun and the sweat pours off you and wiping the perspiration wipes off the mosquito repellent at the same time. On the other hand, sit in the shade and the mosquitoes swarm around - big black buggers that sometimes carry malaria in this part of the world.
I sat down on the step and leaned back against the stonework, looking across the closely cropped grass at the Pyramid of the Inscriptions. I'm getting old and much more easily tired than when I was young. I'm medium height and not grossly overweight: a balding, bearded archaeologist with a good degree but a reputation as a maverick, here on a busman's holiday.
I'm getting old, like I said, and I've buggered up my academic reputation long ago by being a bit too blunt in expressing reservations about dearly held mainstream ideas on ancient history. I don't mean that I joined those promoting the idea of Atlantis or anything, but let me give you an example. For a century and a half the conventional wisdom was that America was settled by hunter-gatherers, who crossed the Bering Straight when it was dry land during the ice age. I always thought it was a completely mad idea. Alaska is pretty chilly today. At the height of the ice age, with much lower precipitation levels, it was an ice desert. A dry, cold hell, if that's not a contradiction. The idea that a bunch of nomadic people would just wander a thousand miles or more across that ice desert, and then stroll over a couple of thousand miles of two-mile thick Wisconsin Glacier on the off-chance of finding something better is just plain bonkers - and yet that was the academic wisdom. The generally agreed date was around 12,000 to 14,000 years ago and anything that suggested otherwise was ignored and anyone who suggested otherwise was howled down and excoriated from academic society. Now the diggings at Monte Verde in Chile have been dated to an indisputable 32,000 years ago this same academic consensus is changing and people who used to shout "Clovis man arrived in America 12,000 years ago" are quiet. 
Of course, you've only to look at Native Americans to see they did come from South East Asia. A friend of mine: correction, the wife of the son of a friend of mine, is a Quechua Indian from Peru. She went with him to Thailand and the local people were surprised to find that she was a foreigner. The banana is a native of SE Asia as well, and it doesn't have seeds. You have to transplant a whole plant, and a bunch of nomads didn't carry a tropical plant across the Bering Straight in the ice age! 
Another problem with archaeologists is that they have their own limitations that they impose on the past. Jane Sellers, who's an archaeo-astronomer remarked in a book that because Egyptologists don't know much about astronomy, they assume the ancient Egyptians didn't either - and that applies to most archaeologists and most ancient peoples. I'm yachtsman. I potter around up and down the coast in an elderly ferro-concrete ketch and I've sailed over open seas in it as well. The boat is in a marina down at Villa Hermosa and I came here by bus. It doesn't seem odd to me that the ancient peoples should sail the Atlantic or Pacific and reach America that way, probably with banana plants. I can just see the settlers missing their bananas and sending a boat home for some plants.
A black cloud had built up quickly and a clap of thunder with a few spots of rain roused me from the steps and I went up the terracing and under cover as the downpour began. Summer is the wet season in Palenque. The rain is warm, but it's like walking fully dressed into a warm shower: a minute or less and you're soaked. I stood and gazed out on the torrent, thinking about the building and about yet another Maverick quirk I have.
I think there are more problems with carbon dating than are usually recognised. You can't date a stone or brick building. You have to find something organic in or around it. Take Lord Pacal's tomb, over there in the Pyramid of the Inscriptions, almost invisible through the torrential downpour. There is no way to date the tomb, but you can date the remains of the man himself. You don't know whether he was buried for 500 years somewhere else before the pyramid was built, and then moved or whether the building had been built a thousand years before he died. Of course, you can tell sometimes. If Westminster Abbey were to be destroyed in an earthquake and several hundred tourists were buried, an archaeologist in the year 3000 could tell when the building was destroyed by dating the remains of the victims, but he'd be 50% out when it came to dating the age of the building itself that way. 
And that's another thing. You can tell Westminster Abbey was built as a tomb for famous people because they're buried there, right? Wrong. But archaeologists are inclined to overlook that point. Because there were a few famous bodies in the some of the pyramids of Egypt it doesn't follow that they were built as tombs.  There are a lot more bodies buried in Westminster Abbey and that isn't a cemetery! I sound a bit like Graham Hancock or Anthony West, I guess, or somebody even more way out. I'm just old and sour and as sceptical of experts with an axe to grind as I am of weirdos. Mind you, right now I feel sort of weird myself!
Looking across the space towards to row of pyramids, I could just make out through the rain the one with the Temple of the Inscriptions on top. There are two other pyramids just beyond it, but you couldn't see those through the rain. I didn't reckon it could last long like that. 
In my backpack there was a bundle of arrows I bought from a stall near the entrance on the way in. The main entrance to the Palenque site has vast array of stalls with Indians selling artefacts as souvenirs. There are serapes made of agave cactus thread - you can use that bloody cactus for anything: make tequila with it and get drunk, make thread for a hammock or a serape and rest, make dye ... useful plant that. There are various cheap clay calendar artefacts and glazed clay masks, also arrows with stone heads, like the ones I have. The stuff is cheap and all of it is contemporary, but a lot of it is made in traditional ways by the descendents of the people who built this place. I had a feeling of dejá vu when I examined the arrows a little while ago. I eased the backpack off my shoulders again and sat down on a stone.
An odd feeling it was, not of having seen them before, though I've seen plenty of arrow heads both 10,000 year old ones and modern ones made by various reservation tribes in the US. You can't really tell a well-made modern one from a well made original you've dug up. No, this was a different feeling, seeing the arrowhead mounted in an arrow. I had the feeling that I was an 'Indian', handling an actual tool that I needed. I put off the feeling as the fancies of an old man who's dabbled in archaeology too long. 
There was a crunch of a rock dislodged behind me and I turned to see a scrawny Mayan kid of about ten or twelve jumping down beside me. He was holding little ceramic squares on bits of string, cheap Mayan 'month' symbols that I suppose he was trying to sell to tourists. 
He held one out to me. 
"Quieres?" he asked, waving it at me. "You like to buy?"
I took it from him and studied it. The colours weren't quite right, but then the ancient Maya had a smaller range of colours than their descendants. I asked him how much
"Quanto es?" I asked.
"Cinco Pesos."
About two for a dollar or for a euro. I'll bet they were more in season. I felt sorry for the kid - I imagine he was having a thin time of it. The tourist season is mostly November to March when it's cooler and drier. In summer it tends to be just mad dogs, Englishmen and offbeat, elderly archaeologists.
I fished in my pockets and drew out a two-dollar piece and held it out to the kid.
"Dos dolares," he said. "Veinte pesos, pero no tengo cambio."
He had no change? Well, maybe he hadn't found many customers this morning. His exchange rate was pretty steep too, because you can get more that ten pesos to the dollar most places. I was feeling generous and I was sorry for the kid. What's more, I wouldn't need the money much longer. I would be returning whence I came and would have no need of it.
"Es igual," I said.
He was grateful and all smiles. He reminded Smoke Monkey of Three Rabbit when praised. But who the hell were Smoke Monkey and Three Rabbit?
"Gracias," he said and turned away to look for another sucker.
The strange thing is, the cheap souvenir also had a funny effect on me, same as the arrows. I gazed at it, not really studying it - the colouring was inaccurate anyway - and I 'was' an elderly Maya shaman from two maybe three thousand years ago. Who knows, it may have been more and I may have been one of some predecessor people of the Maya - Olmec, for instance. It occurred to me that I was someone called Smoke Monkey. A gust of wind moved the rain in swirls, like smoke and I could definitely smell the scent of burning copal in the mist and smoke. There didn't seem to be a visible source, but I was haunted by the fragrance of copal incense for several seconds, clear and distinct and unmistakeable.
I looked at the little souvenir pendant again. The Mayan calendar is complicated. In case you don't know how it works, there are two. One is a year of 260 days, made up of 13 months of 20 days, each with a name. Then there is another solar calender, rather like the Egyptian one, of 12 months of 30 days plus five 'unlucky' days that don't belong to any months, making 365, and again, each with a name. The two calendars mesh together and come back to the starting point every 52 years with a big ceremony. Then the Maya adjusted their calendar like we do in leap years. I'm telling you all this because, as Smoke Monkey, I knew all this, every detail, off the top of my head and I could reckon all the dates!
Then there's the method of counting the Maya use: they invented the zero and the concept of place, which is pretty smart, but they counted in twenties. If you've ever tried binary to programme a computer, you'll know it's hard to get your head round anything other than the decimal system we use. When we write, say 14, we mean 1x10 + 4x1 = 14; when the Maya wrote their version of 14 (4 dots over an eye) they meant 1x20 + 4x1 = 24. Well, I found myself thinking in twenties and, most of all, thinking about the 'long count' of thousands of days, multiples of 52 years that enabled the Maya to count backwards and forwards tens of thousands of years.
 What Smoke Monkey, what I, was thinking about was the end of the long count cycle. I believed, as Smoke Monkey, that civilisation had been wiped out and the earth almost destroyed at the end of four previous long counts or 'suns'. We are living in the fifth sun - el quinto sol in Spanish - and Smoke Monkey was thinking about what might happen when the fifth sun ended, though he wasn't thinking in Spanish, any more than he was thinking in English. What kind of catastrophe awaited humanity? Almost more to the point, what would cause it?
I sat on a rock ledge, within the pillared entranceway of an imposing, partially ruined structure they call the 'palace', for no particularly good reason except it isn't a pyramid and doesn't seem to be a temple. It might have been a palace for all I know, but it might equally well have been an administrative centre or market place or the ancient Mayan equivalent of a university. There's a group of buildings set around a sort of raised quadrangle. The complex is riddled with passageways and rooms. I heard the sound of boots coming down a passage and looked around.
A fit and fresh-faced young man in his late twenties or early thirties, that might almost have been me forty years ago emerged and stood looking at the rain. He looked me over and grinned.
"American?" he asked with an American accent.
"Canadian," I corrected, "but I live in Spain right now."
He nodded, looked at the rain and sighed.
"Funny how rain seems unfair when you're on holiday," he said. "Even in the wet season."
"I don't think it will last much longer," I said.
"I came right now, this time of year, because it is cheaper in Mexico in the summer. Now I know why it's cheaper! I suppose I ought to look at it as part payment for the holiday," he said.
That was a very philosophical way of looking at it. "I guess," I said.
 We sat there in silence looking out at the sheets of rain. I was thinking about our changed view of asteroids and comets.
Two things did it, One of them was the near certainty that an asteroid wiped out the dinosaurs: There is a sudden cut-off point for dinosaur fossils and between the fossil - no fossils rock there is a world wide, very thin layer of high iridium clay, and iridium is a rare element associated with asteroids and comets. The second thing was that the Shoemaker/Levy9 comet crashed into Jupiter in the 1990s with the entire scientific community watching. Suddenly the planet doesn't seem so safe from collision with things from space any more.
The scientific community has long thought that the slight variation in orbit roughly matching the Milankovitch cycles of increased and decreased solar heat wouldn't be enough to trigger the beginning or end of an ice age. Maintain it, yes: trigger it, no - certainly not to trigger a sudden rise in temperatures and an end within a very short time. How about if the trigger was an asteroid or comet? If it came down on land there would be a violent impact, millions of tons of dust, vast fires, volcanoes and total winter with the sun blotted out for several years. If that coincided with a downturn in the solar cycle it might be enough to initiate an ice age. On the other hand, if the asteroid landed in the sea there would be huge tidal waves of hot salt water. Recent computer simulations by the team who accurately predicted the Shoemaker/Levy cometary impact with Jupiter suggest that the height of the wave when it hit the shore would be dependant on the depth of the ocean at the point of impact. In other words, impact at a spot three miles deep means a tsunami three miles high. That amount of water is going to flood inland and cover a lot of glaciers with hot salt water - and you know what happens when you pour hot salty water on ice? It melts. Maybe that would trigger the sudden end of an ice age.
I reckon an asteroid would do it and we've had two near misses in the last couple of years. An asteroid bigger than the Chicxulub one that destroyed the dinosaurs missed us by 14 hours in the late nineteen nineties and a slightly smaller one came within three hours of a collision in 2002 - and we didn't even know it was there until it had missed us and gone. I think that's how the fifth sun might end!
The rain was easing and my silent young companion stirred himself.
"I think I'll set off to the museum," he said, taking a waterproof cape from his backpack.
I watched him disappear into gradually lifting mist. A slight breath of wind stirred the mists and steaming ground like smoke and I smelt copal again.
*   *   *
The mist was lifting and merging with the smoke and the scent of the copal. I was uneasy at the strange visions I had experienced. I tossed on my pallet. I know that an archaeologist is one who studies the past, like priests who learn the stories of the Popal Vu, but I found trouble in merging minds with this man.
The effects of the dreaming draft were wearing off and, though I could not yet see my house or my apprentice Three Rabbit, I was conscious again of who and where I was. I knew, too, that I had been travelling to recover information from the world of the spirits. I was Smoke Monkey and I knew how the long count, the fifth sun, would end. I did not understand the date 28th of December 2012 when el quinto sol would end, but I knew that was the date on a calendar they would use by the time the rock from heaven destroyed their world.



The Word of God

Godfrey Dearnham, the Cabinet Secretary was referred to by those who  knew him as 'God'. Partly it was an obvious abbreviation of his name, but the nickname also referred to the power and influence he wielded, both officially and unofficially. Of course, one never referred to him as 'God' if there was any chance of him hearing, but the appellation was not entirely inappropriate, considering his position: almost the only way to the Prime Minister and the Cabinet was through him, which is why Rebecca Fairthorne had found it necessary to approach him personally. 
"The implications of the report are clear enough, but how am I to know whether the evidence justifies the conclusions?" asked the Cabinet Secretary, closing the report before him with an air of either indifference or indecision, Rebecca could not tell which. 
"Tell me about the science behind it," he said. "And keep it simple." 
"Ice floats. Floating ice won't add to sea levels because it displaces as much water as it contains, so when it melts it doesn't make any difference. That's why your Martini and lemonade doesn't overflow when the ice in it melts." 
"Gin and tonic," Dearnham observed irrelevantly. "Go on." 
"Ice makes a difference only when it isn't floating," Rebecca continued. "Clear so far?"
The Cabinet Secretary nodded and Rebecca continued, "Most of the Antarctic ice doesn't float. Part of it is resting on mountain tops, islands if you like, the bottom of the ice in the water but not floating. On top is a huge thickness of glacier. And we're talking about thousands of cubic miles of ice." 
The Cabinet Secretary nodded again. 
"What our submarines have established is that the ice around these islands is breaking up. It's going to let most of the Eastern Antarctic ice shelf slide into the water. That will raise sea levels by a huge amount and over a very short period. That's what the report is saying." 
"I see." Godfrey Dearnham thought about it. "By how much are sea levels likely to rise?" 
"That depends on how much of the ice shelf slides into the sea. Not less than two metres and probably not more than about four and a half metres," answered Rebecca Fairthorne, one of Ministry of Defence's most senior scientists. Senior in rank and respect rather than age, that is. 
"Between just over six feet and almost fifteen feet. Over what period of time?" 
"Again, very hard to say exactly, because it would depend on tides and currents, but not long. A year or two at the most, I would say," she told him. 
 "And most crucial of all. When?" 
"That's the most difficult prediction of all to make. The process has begun. The bulk of the ice shelf could begin its slide into the sea tomorrow or the main collapse of the ice may not happen for eight or ten years." 
The Cabinet Secretary thought about it in silence for a time. "Could be as much as two elections before it happens," he said. 
Rebecca could not see the relevance of the remark and asked him what he meant. 
Godfrey Dearnham maintained his silence, his eyes cast a little down and his whole expression rather vacant. He drummed lightly and absently with his fingers of the folder. Abruptly he seemed to reach a decision of some sort. 
"And what course of action would you recommend?" he asked, rather brusquely. 
A little taken aback by the question she struggled for an answer. "Well," she said, "The cabinet have to make contingency plans." 
"I thought you said it was inevitable. You can only make plans for a contingency which might occur, if it also might not occur."
"Make plans then." 
"What plans?"
 Rebecca considered. "To move people and plant to higher ground before the floods," she said. 
"Most people won't move until they see the waters rise for themselves. A lot of Americans don't even listen to hurricane or tornado warnings and people live on the slopes of active volcanos like Mount Etna. As for plant, you can't move something like, say, the Circle Line Tube or Victoria Station." 
"We'll need an alternative capital," said Rebecca with an edge of desperation. "London will be flooded." 
"If the government announce somewhere else as capital without an obvious and immediate threat there will be widespread opposition. Think of all the companies with their head offices in London. They wouldn't be very pleased to see their investment going to nothing. They would donate large sums of money to the other parties, the government would lose the election and any plans would be reversed. The only thing we'd achieve would be the government party losing an election." 
Now Rebecca was becoming desperate. "But we have to do something to avoid loss of life," she said. 
"You said yourself that the whole process will take up to two years. There'll be plenty of time to get out of the way and it will only take a week or so to mobilise the army to rescue any stragglers."
"But what about the homeless? Millions will lose their homes. And their jobs." 
"They're going to lose their homes anyway. You can't tell everybody in low lying areas to sell their homes and move because there's no point in buying a house in a low lying area and you can't sell if there's no one to buy." 
"We could compensate them." 
"No government wants to pay more in compensation than it can avoid and the level of compensation will be a lot lower when everyone can see the scale of the problem for themselves." 
"And what about low lying countries like the Maldives or Bangladesh?" she asked. "Most of Bangladesh will disappear along with all of the Maldives." 
"Knowing that they're going drown isn't going to help them avoid it, and we won't have room for any more people here." 
By now Rebecca was really desperate. "There won't even be enough land left to grow the food needed to feed the population," she said. 
"Ah,' Dearnham acknowledged, "now I do agree with you there," he said. "What's more, with industry severely curtailed and no ports, we wouldn't be able to rely on imports. It might be necessary to reduce the population somewhat. However," he continued, "The cabinet will be too squeamish to realistically prepare for that problem. You had better leave it to me." 
"Do you mean that you're not even going to tell them?" Rebecca was incredulous. 
"Absolutely," agreed the Cabinet Secretary. "Who have you discussed this report with?" 
"No one. Just one or two junior staff in my department. It's my report."
Godfrey considered this information. "And the submarine captain concerned. Does he understand the implications of the observations he made?" he asked. 
"Not all the implications, no, I don't suppose so." 
"Good. Now if you would just wait outside for a moment." 
Rebecca Fairthorne reluctantly went out into the lobby while the Cabinet Secretary picked up the phone. He dialled himself, rather than asking his Secretary to get the number. It rang.
"Hello, Simon, God here. The PM needs a little help from MI5 with some aspects of a problem we have. There's a report kicking around the M.o.D. which has the potential to be dangerously subversive. I'd like you to have any hard copies picked up and recover the computer disks as well ... Yes, it might be as well to wipe the compute completely. Then I'd like a 'D' notice slapped on a nuclear submarine report, I'm sure you'll be able to take care of that with no problems. However, there is a further delicate little matter .... ... Yes, the author of the report ... Actually she's just outside my office at the moment .... At No 10, Yes ... All right, I'll have her back in and offer her tea ... I'll keep her busy until your man gets here ...  Yes, he can give her a lift somewhere or other quiet ... I knew you'd sort it out. Rid me of this turbulent scientist, as it were."


 
Last Words

I remember falling but not much else - no time for fear or panic, no time to wonder who or why, no time even for pain.
 I was crossing a footbridge over a main road when somebody seemed to heave me up and push me over the side, onto the road below.  Memory plays tricks and you hear stories of memories suppressed because the conscious mind rejects them, but I don't think I saw anyone at all. Again, I can't remember what I was doing on the bridge - returning from the shops on the other side, maybe - or of being with anyone. On the other hand, some individual did throw me off. Bastard! I think a vehicle may have hit me as I fell, and slammed me towards the side of the road, but I'm not sure. I just remember falling and then hospital. 

I have a vague consciousness of lying on a trolley in accident and emergency, being prodded and examined by a doctor and undressed by a nurse. I was embarrassed in a detached sort of way to be naked, but she didn't hurt me, though I didn't seem able to do anything myself.
"No response," I remember the doctor saying about some reflex. I told him I couldn't feel anything. He shone a light into my eyes to examine them.
"Hmm," he said, noncommittally. "How did it happen?"
"I was thrown off a bridge," I said.
"According to a witness, she just jumped off a footbridge, onto the Aire Valley Trunk Road," said the nurse, ignoring me completely.
The Doctor pulled a face. "Makes a change from paracetamol and vodka, I suppose," he remarked. 
I was about to say that no one in their right mind would choose to jump onto a main road from a bridge.  Before I had chance to speak, he continued: "Well there's extensive pelvic and spinal damage and the head injury, though there's not much blood loss that I can see. Renew the drip. Take some blood samples in case we need to give her transfusions for internal bleeding later. Send her for X-rays of her spine, pelvis and head, then send her up to intensive care and let Doctor Dennison have a look at her."
The doctor rushed off. The nurse bustled about, acting as if I wasn't there and then things went hazy again.

I became conscious a second time on the ward, but only briefly. I was linked up to a variety of monitors and I couldn't move. I wasn't held down in any way, it was just that I was unable to force even the slightest movement of my muscles: not a finger, not my head, not even my eyes. It was brief but boring and very, very scary.

 The third time I became aware I was wide-awake and could sense what I couldn't see. I could hear and speak and think, but I still couldn't move. It was some time, possibly days, later, when a doctor - presumably the Dennison they had mentioned in accident & emergency  - had come onto the ward to examine me, bringing several students with him. I could see him when he stood at the end of the bed and a bit of the side reflected off the face-mask helping me to breathe. I could see he was about the same age as my mum - early to mid forties I should guess - and the nurses stood alongside him in a way that suggested he had some authority, even the one as old as my gran.
I couldn't see much of the students except when he called them forward to look at some bit of me. He shone a light in my eyes, held up the X-rays to examine them and drew in a long breath. He looked over the various monitors connected to me and then turned his attention back to the students.
"Let's recap," Dennison said. "Female in her early twenties," 
"Twenty three," I told him.
"Pelvic damage on the right side. Substantial and fairly serious but I could repair that. Spinal damage looks much more serious. I think there could be near total paralysis from the waist down."
I thought Dennison was a bit blunt, considering he was speaking in front of me. Not very high up on the bedside manner scales, perhaps: it was just like he thought I couldn't hear. He put down the X-rays of my back and bum on the bed and picked up the one of my head.  He was out of my sight but I think he was looking from the X-ray to the various monitors. 
"Pulse a bit fast and temperature a little high," he said.
"Not enough to cause real concern, surely," the older of the two nurses suggested. I could still just see her, but I could hear them both clearly enough. 
The older nurse moved back into full view again: she had greying hair that had been very auburn - the colour still showed a bit - and a sharp though pleasant manner. Perhaps she wasn't as old as my gran at that, but she must have been close to retiring age.
"Oh no, I agree," Dennison said. "It's the head injury that concerns me. How did she get the injuries, do you know."
"Some one tried to kill me," I said.
"Attempted suicide, I believe," said the sister ignoring me like Dennison had done.
"Like hell it was attempted suicide!"
"Well, the attempt was nearly successful," Dennison remarked drily. "She hasn't shown any sign of life?" he asked. 
I wished they wouldn't talk about me as if I wasn't there.
"Not really," the older nurse said. "I've thought once or twice she might have responded to her position being changed as we settled her in, but nothing of her own accord. Three days and still nothing."
"I've tried to talk to you," I said, annoyed and worried as well. "But you won't take any notice of me." 
They were still taking no notice of me. I don't think they could hear me. Perhaps I couldn't communicate at all, as well as not being able to move.
Dennison nodded slowly to the nurse and then spoke to the students I couldn't see. "There's no sign of life on the EEG. Unless there's any change in the next hour or two, we're going to have to think about switching off the various life support features."
"Please don't switch me off," I said starting to panic. I didn't know whether I could breathe without this thing on my face and I couldn't move to feed myself or drink anything. If they switched off all this gear I'd be a goner.  Besides, I wanted to know what had happened on that bridge. "I'm not dead yet and anyway they haven't caught the person who tried to kill me."
" I think I'll talk to the relatives when I've finished my rounds. I'll ask them to drop in this evening.
The doctor was obviously taking no notice of me at all. I screamed in panic: "FOR GOD'S SAKE DON'T SWITCH ME OFF!"
He ignored me completely. I might as well have said nothing.
He glanced at his watch but I could see the ward clock from where I was lying - it was just turned ten thirty. 
"I'm due in the operating theatre at two," he said, presumably to the students. "And I want you to pop into my outpatient clinic after I've finished here, but," he added to the nurse, "There might be time to phone the relatives before lunch and set up an appointment if we push on. Right," he continued briskly,  "Let's see what else you have for us,"  
The curtains around me swished open as the junior of the two nurses followed the doctor and the ward sister and the students to the next bed, to close those curtains as briskly as she had opened those around me.
II
Bernard Dennison considered himself a very competent surgeon, as indeed he was, but it did incline him to arrogance and a feeling of infallibility. He had often saved his patients against the odds and he wasn't relishing giving up on Mrs Linda Braithwaite, but he was satisfied she was already brain dead. What on earth prompted a presentable young woman, in her early twenties and apparently not long married, to jump off a road bridge? He sighed and opened the door of his office.
Dennison hung his jacket over the back of a chair and sat down at his desk. The post had arrived, though most of it was internal. He skimmed through to make sure there was nothing urgent then turned to the phone. Actually it was a fax machine, incorporating an ordinary telephone and an answering machine. A sheet of paper projecting from it showed there was a fax waiting. He tore off the short message and glanced at it.
Then he looked again more carefully. 
The message read simply 'FOR GOD'S SAKE DON'T SWITCH ME OFF!'

He had been thinking about Linda Braithwaite and about contacting whoever was her next of kin. Presumably a relative must have dropped in to see her and the ward sister had said something. This was abrupt to the point of rudeness.
He examined the fax. There was no cover sheet or header. There was no signature or other indication of the sender, just the short, stark message. He looked carefully at the printed details of the sending machine. It was a local number. In fact, he thought it might be one of the hospital numbers. He picked up the handset and dialled the switchboard.
"Do you recognise this number?" he said, and read it out.
"That's one of the patient lines," the operator told him. "Let's see ... " there was a brief pause as she looked through a list. "It's the patient line from the Intensive Care Unit."
"Thank you," Dennison said, surprised, and put the phone down, wondering if the sender was still around.
'I might just catch them', he thought.
He gathered his notes for the afternoon's work, put Linda Braithwaite's notes and the fax on top, grabbed his jacket from the chair, and rushed out of his office, heading for the ICU.

Dennison bustled into the quiet of intensive care, breaking a silence one could feel. Brenda Easterman looked up from her work at a bedside, saw Dennison dump his notes on the nursing station counter and went over to see what he wanted.
Dennison looked around the ward, empty except for still patients and silent but for quietly beeping monitors.
"I gather some relative of Linda Braithwaite must have been in," he said.
"There's been nobody at all since you left, except for the porter collecting the laundry."
"Well who sent this?" he demanded, waving the fax at her.
Sister Easterman looked at it. Then she looked at it again. "I don't know who sent it," she said. "We haven't got a fax on this ward."
"Is this some kind of a practical joke?" he snapped. "It's come from the patient line in Intensive Care."
Brenda looked at the fax again. "I don't think so," she said. "The patient line is mobile unit and can be plugged in to various sockets, but you have to have a Patient Call Card with a PIN number, so I don't think you could send a fax from here, even for a joke."
"What other explanation could there be?" Dennison demanded. "Anyway, I have to go to the theatre. I haven't time for unfunny practical jokes." He slammed down the fax, picked up the bundles of notes and stormed out. The atmosphere subsided slowly to calmness, like a pond after a flight of ducks have flown noisily away. 
Brenda Easterman looked at the fax again, thinking that practical jokes did not seem to be likely, nor did they seem physically possible without her knowledge. In fact, a practical joke did not seem physically possible at all. If there was a logical explanation, for the life of her, she could not see what it could be.
She folded the paper carefully and put it away in her uniform pocket. She had an idea as to who could possibly throw some light on it. She would phone her sister when she got home.
III
Brenda Easterman finished putting away her shopping, took her mug of tea into the living room and flopped into an armchair. She kicked off her shoes, took a sip of tea and picked up the phone to call her sister.
"Judith? It's Brenda here ... Look, an incident happened at work today that seems just right for you and your weird friend ..."
"I presume you mean Toby. He's not weird, you know. Just psychic."
Brenda gave a little laugh that was more a good-humoured snort. "As far as I'm concerned you're both a bit weird," she said.
This time it was her sister's turn to give a very similar sort of laugh. Judith put on a strong Yorkshire accent. "T' whole world's weird except me and thee and sometimes I'm not so sure about thee." She said, and added, "So tell me about your weird incident."
"I said your friend was weird," the nurse said, "but the whole incident is a bit that way. We have an attempted suicide in a coma in intensive care. Doctor Dennison was round this morning. He talked about switching off the life support equipment. When he got back to his office there was a fax saying, 'For God's sake don't switch me off'. No heading or anything. No signature, just the message."
"Didn't the fax have the sender's number?"
"Yes. And that's the weirdest thing of all. It gave the number of the patient line from the intensive care unit. I swear nobody went near the phone with a fax machine and anyway, you need a patient call PIN number to make a call, so you couldn't fax out without reprogramming the machine first."
Judith hesitated a moment as she thought about it. "I don't think you could re-programme a fax machine to give a PIN number on request," she remarked doubtfully. "You're right. This really is weird. I think I'd like to have a look at your coma patient who sends faxes to a doctor while lying in a coma."
"I was hoping you might say that. I wondered whether your psychic friend could throw any light on the affair. Do you think Toby would like to see the patient for himself?"
"I'm sure of it. I'll give him a call and see if we can visit this coma victim tonight. If not, we could maybe go tomorrow night."
"Dr Dennison was talking about seeing the relatives tonight about switching off life support."
"Then we'd better go tonight. Can we just walk in?"
"Visiting in the ICU is any time, subject to the duty sister's discretion. Janice Adams is on duty this shift. I'll ring her up if you're sure you're going."
"What's the bloke's name? The patient, I mean."
"Her name," Brenda corrected. "It's a twenty-three year old woman. A Mrs Linda Braithwaite."
 "Okay. I'll call Toby and see whether he's free and call you back. This does sound really unusual. Weird."
"Ah," Brenda said, "So you do admit to being weird!"
Judith laughed. "No. Interested in the unusual, yes, but weird ourselves, no! Talk to you in a minute."
IV
Lying on your back for hours on end, unable to move a muscle, is boring. A nurse stuck headphones on me and turned on some hospital radio programme. In one way it was a relief from the monotony, in another I could have done without bland pops and forced good humour. I could have cheerfully strangled the DJ when he talked about getting out of bed and dancing. Well, actually, I couldn't have strangled him, any more than I could get up to dance, but at least I could think about my situation when it was quiet.
I had a vague recollection of coming back from the shops, across that footbridge, carrying something. It must have been shopping. I wondered what had happened to it.  When the nurse took off the headphones and changed a drip I thought over my present position. 
It was clear that that I couldn't move a muscle, not even my eyes, so probably I couldn't move my mouth to speak. I could see. I could hear. I could think. I could even think the words I wanted to say so clearly that it felt like I was saying them, but no one could hear me, so I can't have been actually talking. The reason everyone ignored me was not lack of interest but my total inability to communicate.
Two people appeared at the foot of my bed. One looked like a younger version of the older nurse I had seen around earlier, but she was a bit smaller with masses of auburn hair held in some sort of clip. This new woman was more my mum's age and wearing a green dress that matched her eyes and went with her hair colour. She was really rather nice looking, with an air - no, a feeling - of latent power. Sort of like a friendly and amiable looking lioness. The bloke next to her was big, black and old. He had searching brown eyes and really friendly 'feel'.
"Good evening," the big bloke said. "I am Tobias N'Dibe and the lady is Judith Easterman."
"She looks like one of the nurses," I said, not that anyone could hear me speak.
"Not surprising," this Tobias said, apparently knowing what I was thinking. "She is the younger sister of one of the ward sisters.
"Is she a nurse then?" I wondered.
"Oh no. They are genuine sisters and there is a family likeness, but their occupations are quite different - one of them tries to save lives while the other tries to understand life. Their souls are not very alike either."
"Can you hear me?" I wondered
"Yes indeed. Not your words, but your thoughts."
"That's a relief. I can't seem to communicate with anybody."
"Actually you did communicate earlier today, in a most unusual way. That's why we are here."
"But they can't' hear me. The doctor even wants to switch off the life support do-hickey."
"And you sent him a fax saying 'For God's sake don't switch me off'. It caused rather a stir, you know."
"How did I do that?"
"If the emotion is strong enough, it's surprising what the mind can do. So, why was it so important to you?"
"They wanted to turn off the do-hickey - whatever it is, I can't see. If they did that I'd be dead. Isn't that reason enough?"
"Possibly. But I detect something more."
"I didn't attempt suicide. I was pushed off the bridge."
"Pushed?"
"Picked up and thrown. Either I didn't see who did it or my memory's playing tricks and telling me I don't know. Anyway, I want someone to catch whoever tried to kill me. I want to know before I die."
"That may be a little difficult to do, under the circumstances.
"What d'you mean?"
The big man looked sad but friendly. "I mean, Linda my dear, that you're dead already."
"I can't be!"
"Oh, but you are," he said, perching on the side of the bed like a large, elderly robin and taking my hand. "That's why I can hear you and talk to you."
"That's not fair. What about whoever tried to kill me?"
"I'm afraid they succeeded, but that doesn't mean they'll get away with it."
"What do you mean?"
"Karma, Linda my dear. Karma. Whoever killed you will have to pay for it in this or some subsequent lifetime. The scales of karmic justice stretch for all eternity, and everything must be settled in full. Balanced. Why don't you let go of your body and go on to your own next lifetime?"
The auburn haired woman smiled like a friend too. She reached over the other side and took my other hand. I could feel the warmth of them both flooding through me. Suddenly everything seemed all right.
V
At that moment the jagged but uneven lines pulsing across the monitor screen went flat and a little alarm began beeping insistently


Mike Crowson – Former teacher, former Secretary of the UK Green Party in its early days - is an Occult and Esoteric Consultant, offering free and unconditional help for those in genuinely occult or psychic difficulties, based on some 40 years of study and research. He is a Mason, Rosicrucian and an Adept of the Western Mysteries, and can be found and contacted at: http://www.mikecrowson.co.uk 

His books include:

Witchmoor Edge Series:
Witchmoor Edge
On Edge
Outside Edge
Over the Edge
Edgeways On
Female of the Species (Short Stories) 
All are (or will shortly) be available as ebooks through Smashwords or favourite supplier

Occult Novels:
The Rings of Poseidon
Only the Darkness
Heat Stroke
The Flag and the Flower
The Riddle and the Key
Wytchmoor Peak
(and ‘Sealed Entrance’ coming shortly)
Parallel Loop (Short Stories)
The first three are available free as .pdf from obooko. 
All will eventually be available as ebooks through Smashwords, some as free downloads)

Non-Fiction:
Psychic Lifeline
(Recognizing and Managing Psychic & Occult Harm)

Poetry & Plays
What’s Left for Tomorrow (Poetry)
All This Homework’s Killing Me (Play)
The Poser in the Porsche (Play)

