Miz Scarlet and the Vanishing Visitor:
A Scarlet Wilson Mystery

By Sara M. Barton

Published by Sara M. Barton at Smashwords

Copyright Sara M. Barton 2013

All rights reserved. This book or any portion thereof may not be reproduced or used in any manner whatsoever without the express written permission of the publisher except for the use of brief quotations in a book review.

This eBook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This eBook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you are reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, please return to Smashwords and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.

Chapter One --

A flash of red. A thud as hands hit the outside of the passenger side window. Bloody hands. Suddenly there were terrified eyes and a gaping black hole of a mouth coming at me. A young girl screamed, a sound that pierced the night, slicing through the calm backdrop of ocean waves and seagulls like a discordant song, and I felt my soul shiver with foreboding.
“Help me!” A balled-up fist pounded on the glass, leaving a smeared red hand print on my nice, clean window. “Help me! He’s going to kill me!”
One minute, I was lost in a daydream, wandering through the memory of my lovely weekend with Kenny at the Jersey Shore, and the next, a writhing body clung to my silver hatchback, clutching my open moon roof for dear life, even as I lifted my foot from the brake and rolled forward past the red, red stop sign. I should have stopped. Why didn’t I stop? The shock of seeing that unexpected apparition stunned me, and I automatically put my foot on the accelerator, suddenly feeling that rising panic. Flee! Get the hell out of here!
Even as I instinctively gave the Ford Focus some gas, the desperate girl threw her legs onto the hood of the car, still not relinquishing her Vulcan death grip.
“What are you doing?” I hollered, all too aware that she was at risk of rolling off the slippery front fender, towards the wheels. I jammed on the brakes, trying not to shake her off my car even as I frantically tried to shake off my fear. And that’s when I turned and looked beyond her, in time to see hell’s fury across the road, heading this way. Hands raised, he seemed to summon a wild maelstrom of invisible energy from the sea as he crossed the pavement, drawing it to him like a supernatural force of malevolent anger. As he bellowed, I thought I saw its raw power find outlet through his hands, deadly hands. He was dressed in black, tattooed skin covered in a patchwork of ink drawings. What was that shiny thing he was gripping as he strode towards the girl?
“Please!” she cried, more of a sob than anything else. In that one moment, I had to make a decision. Did I pop the lock, let her in, and drive away from the maniac pursuing her, or did I leave her here, to face her assailant in a death match of “Survival of the Fittest”? This wasn’t reality TV. She barely weighed a hundred pounds, judging from the black tank top and blue shorts that clung to her shivering stick-like limbs, interrupted only by a fanny pack. He had a good hundred pounds on her, biceps that looked like they could easily squeeze the life out of her, and a face so contorted by rage that he seemed like a Maori warrior doing a Haka war dance.
You might think it’s an easy choice -- after all, don’t I have a moral obligation to rescue the tiny girl from a huge man wielding the rather large knife in his right hand? As he rapidly closed the distance between us, I considered my dilemma. Calculating the seconds it would take her to grab the door handle, open it, and get into the passenger seat, I realized there wasn’t enough time. He would surely kill her before she was in my car, and then he might decide to kill me, too. And that’s when I knew what I had to do. As she jumped off the hood and flipped her agile self around the side of the car in the hopes of gaining entry, I gave her enough time to clear it, and when I was certain that her feet were out of the path of the tires, I put the pedal to the metal. Time to see if the vehicle really could do zero to sixty in 8.7 seconds.
“No! Don’t leave me! Please!” she wailed as I gunned the engine and the Ford Focus took off.
I had no intention of leaving the girl behind. Instead, I did the only thing I could think of to stop her murderous pursuer. I steered right into him, heard the horrible sound of flesh against bumper as they connected, and cringed. The look of shock upon his face said it all. I threw the transmission into reverse, even as he flew into the air and skidded across the pavement onto the sidewalk twenty feet away. Backing up ten feet, I slammed on the brakes, popped the lock, reached over and opened the door, waiting for the beleaguered teen to scurry in. Her fanny hit the seat with a thump, and even as she pulled the door closed and I locked it, he was back on his feet and rushing us. The rage in those cold eyes chilled me to the bone. There was no mistaking his intent. And now I was on his naughty list for Christmas.
Before you ask, the answer is no. I didn’t ram him again. I’m not a cold-blooded crazy person. My only desire was to get the girl away from him, so I backed up. Even as I grasped the steering wheel with my left hand and looked over my right shoulder, aiming for the middle of Barnegat Lane, I fed the engine the fuel it needed. The car wobbled across the pavement like a drunken seagull as my hand shook and I prayed for a clear road, with no summer tourists suddenly entering the lane. I managed to maneuver a good fifty feet before I did a rather sloppy V-turn across the breadth of the pavement, shifted into forward, and tore away. Even as I risked a glance in the rear view mirror, I could see the limping man still giving chase. That was one determined bastard.
At Bergen Avenue, I turned left and cut over to Ocean Avenue. I had every intention of following Route 35 back to Bridge Avenue. There I knew I would find the Bay Head Police Station. I had seen it earlier in the day, when I stopped at Mueller’s Bakery for blueberry scones, banana nut muffins, and jelly donuts. Breakfast. That seemed forever and a day ago. I had wandered through town on foot, enjoying the chance to explore. How I wish I had paid better attention to my surroundings. I was still too enamored of Kenny, and the feel of his hands on my skin was still imprinted on my brain, displacing common sense. How far was I from the police station?
“Oh, my God!” said the quivering figure in the bucket seat. “He’s after us!”
“What?”
“That’s him, in the pickup truck!”
“Are you sure?” I know it was an idiotic thing to say, but I was hoping she was overreacting.
“Yes, yes! I’m positive! What are we going to do? If he catches me, he’s going to kill me!” Her voice rose up an octave, emphasizing her conviction of his lethal intent.
Twilight. Dark enough to need headlights. Light enough to still see the road without them. Think, Miz Scarlet. He’s gaining on you. What do you do?
“Red light!” the teen screamed at me, as a white Volvo station wagon scooted into the intersection at Johnson Street, followed by a green Hyundai that seemed to form the head of a rather long conga line of traffic. No time to waste. It was now or never. No guts, no glory. Either that or no brains. Instinctively, I did the math and made my split-second decision.
“Screw it!” I growled, accelerating. I had barely enough room to squeeze through the two cars before the gap closed, cutting off the pickup. I heard the first squeal of brakes as a chain reaction of metal-to-metal took place. Thump! Thump-thump-thump! Bam!
“Oh, my God! You just ran a red light!” That was really the least of my problems. Judging from the calamitous scene in my rearview mirror, there were at least three bumpers locked into a twisted Alexander Calder sculpture in the middle of Bergen Avenue.
“I’m pretty sure the cops won’t care as long as I deliver you in one piece.”
“Police?”
“Yes, police. That’s where I’m taking you. You need help.”
“I...I do need help.” That tiny voice faded away as the seriousness of her predicament hit her. “I’m in deep trouble.”
Was that a confession...an admission of guilt...or just the uttered plea of a terrified teenager covered in sticky red liquid? “Are you injured? Did he cut you?”
I risked a quick look at my passenger. She seemed nervous, but I didn’t see blood gushing from a main artery.
“No. No. He killed Mozzie, though.” Water poured out of her eyes, splashing down those unlined cheeks.
“What? Who’s Mozzie?
“My dog.”
“He killed your dog?” I’m a dog person. With Huckleberry and January, I’ve probably hiked close to a hundred miles in the last six months alone. Anybody tried to harm either of them, I’d probably use my bare hands to tear the miscreant from limb to limb. “Bastard! Why?”
“Um....” Long pause. Hesitation.
Oh, crap! What did she do to make the guy so angry? Call me suspicious. I am. After teaching for a couple of decades, you get to the point where you realize teenagers sometimes exercise really bad judgment.
“I took his laptop.”
“You stole his computer?” I was now waiting in a six-car line for the light to change on Bridge Street, and as I glanced sideways at the girl, I could see a furtive look come over her face.
“I had to! Richie wouldn’t give me my money!”
“You stole his computer because he stole your money?”
“No, he wouldn’t pay me!”
“He owed you money?” I flipped my blinker on and eased forward, stuck behind a Town and Country van loaded with a family from Pennsylvania. Boogie boards on the top, bikes on the back. A video was playing on the miniscule screen. It looked like “Shrek”.
“Mmm-hmm.”
Let me clue you in, in case you don’t speak teen. Any time someone under the age of twenty-one gives you grunts, groans, mumbles, or moans, pay attention. You’re either being jerked around or you’re about to get dragged through hormone-laced hell.
“For what?”
“Huh?”
“Spit it out!” I commanded in my best teacher voice. “Why did he owe you money? What did you do for him?”
“I delivered the package to him. Paolo said when I got to Point Pleasant, Richie would pay me. But he didn’t.”
“What did you do with the laptop?”
“I threw it in the bushes outside the house.”
I slowed as I came up on the turn for the Bay Head Police Department. Even as I waited for the chance to turn in, I could hear the sound of sirens in the distance. My eye caught sight of a sign and my frazzled brain commanded me to pay attention. That’s when I read the words printed there.
“The police department is temporarily located in Point Pleasant? You have got to be kidding me!”
Hurricane Sandy washed out the local constabulary. What a time to find this out. Where was 704 Howe Street? And how was I going to find it at this time of night, when my mind was racing a mile a minute? I could use my Tom-Tom, but how would I explain all this to the cops?
“I have to call Kenny,” I said out loud, even as I made up my mind. I knew he was on his way back to Princeton, back to his own home, the one he shared with his late wife.
“Who’s Kenny?” the waif next to me asked.
“My boyfriend.” Those words still sounded strange to me. Boyfriend...at my age? I pulled off the road to make the call, but even as I did, it occurred to me that maybe Richie wasn’t a guy to leave well enough alone. If he got himself out of that tangled mess of fenders, he could be trolling the main drag in search of us. I took a right at West Lake Avenue, and then a right onto Willow Drive. Passing Holly Avenue, I continued on until I found a quiet spot to pull over and found his number in my contacts list.
“Hey, babe. What’s up? You missed me already?”
“Kenny!” Relief flooded over me as I heard that strong, comforting voice. “I have a problem!”
Exactly four minutes later, Kenny was explaining to me in great detail why my problem was a hell of a lot bigger than I thought.
“What was in the package you delivered,” he demanded of my passenger, via speaker phone.
“I don’t know,” she insisted. “Paolo just asked me to bring it to Richie. And he said he’d give me a hundred bucks if I got it there before five today.”
“Where did you meet Paolo?” I wanted to know.
“Dover, at a metaphysical healing center.”
“So, what aren’t you telling us?”
“Nothing.”
“The guy wouldn’t kill your dog for nothing,” Kenny shot back. “What did you take out of the package?”
“I swear I didn’t....”
“Cut the crap,” said the former assistant director of the Princeton University Department of Public Safety. “What did you take out of the package?”
“A sample.”
“Of what?”
“Um,” she mumbled evasively.
“Um what?”
“Organic soap.”

Chapter Two --

“This is about soap?” Kenny and I asked in unison.
“Uh-huh.”
“That makes no sense,” said the private security consultant. “In all my years as a cop, I never heard of anyone trying to kill for organic soap.”
“Do you still have it with you?” I asked the girl. Nodding, she unzipped her fanny pack, pulled out a small rectangular packet tied with raffia, and handed it to me. Turning on the dome light, I took a closer look. It was wrapped in ordinary white tissue paper, and as I pulled away the covering, I found a dark purple, fragrant, lavender-scented bar, nothing particularly unusual, at least at first glance.
“Kenny?” I put the soap up to the light. The opaque bar seemed like ordinary glycerin soap, save for the little tidbits suspended inside. “There are little doodads inside the bar. Looks like gold flakes and maybe some crystals.”
“Paolo said it’s a healing soap, meant to cleanse the aura. I only took it because I wanted to change my life and purify myself.”
“By stealing?” I set my disapproving eyes on her. It never fails to amaze me when kids miss the connections in life. Then again, I know plenty of adults who miss them, too. “What is your name, by the way?”
“Fern.”
“Fern?” What a crock, I thought to myself. This kid was too used to lying. “Let’s see your license, Fern.”
“I...I don’t have it with me,” she stuttered. Not an experienced liar, perhaps. Gaining expertise, but not yet a master. There was hope for her, if only I could tap into it.
“Cough it up,” I insisted. She extracted her wallet from the zippered case, flipped it open, and showed me. “Serena Polk. 455 Bonny Meadow Lane. Fort Laramie, Wyoming.”
“Fake,” Kenny decided. “Must be a runaway.”
One look at that distressed face and I tossed out my best guess. “Your stepfather took a liking to you.”
The sudden intake of air produced a whooshing sound as the teenager swallowed hard. The eyes were fearful. That’s when I noticed the gnawed fingernails. There had to be more bad news, I thought, as I studied her. I took another shot at solving the mystery. “Your mother got sick and your stepfather turned his attention to you.”
“Are you psychic?” It was said with some awe, as if I had some cosmic connection to her heart.
“Sweetie, I’ve been a teacher a long time. I’ve seen some pretty rough stuff happen to my students over time. Unfortunately, you’re not the only kid who’s ever been in this boat. I wish it weren’t so, but there you have it.”
Big, wet tears rolled down her cheeks, and she wiped them away with the back of her hand. The pain was still too raw. This was a kid on her own, cut loose from blood relatives, manipulated by those who should have protected her from harm. She had escaped one devil, only to find an even bigger demon. There had to be more.
“My, um...mom died two months ago,” she sobbed. “Cancer. My stepfather promised her he’d take care of me, make sure I went to college, but the day of her memorial service, he tried....”
“What about your father?” Kenny broke in. “Where is he?”
“My mom said he died after he went back to California to visit his family, when his father had money problems and needed help with the family business.”
“What’s your real name?” I asked. “I’m Scarlet Wilson.”
“Jenny. Jenny Mulroney.”
“Well, Jenny Mulroney, we’ve got to get you some help. We can’t have anyone trying to kill you, can we?”
“Scarlet!” Kenny said my name with great emphasis, and I knew what was coming next, but I didn’t care. “Don’t even....”
“Kenny, I’m not dumping an at-risk teenager at the local police station, not if she has no family to look out for her. I won’t do it. I’m obligated by the state, as a teacher, to report abuse and to protect children.”
“You are not in Connecticut, Miz Scarlet,” he reminded me bluntly.
“Be that as it may, this child is not going to get hurt on my watch.” I looked at my companion, with those tear-rimmed eyes, and I made yet another instinctive decision. “I’ll bring her back to the inn, until we get this sorted out.”
“You cannot transport a minor across state lines, Scarlet, especially if she’s been involved in a felony of some kind!”
“Oh, I’m not a minor,” she piped in. “I turned eighteen two weeks ago.”
“How convenient,” Kenny cut in. “Not that it matters all that much. Now, let’s try again, Jenny Mulroney. Where were you living with your mother before she died?”
“Pelham, New Hampshire.”
“Mother’s name,” he demanded tersely.
“Vivian Lorraine Mulroney.”
“I’m going to check on that, so if there’s anything you need to correct, this is the time to do it.” There was a long silence, so I glanced over at Jenny. She was shaking her head, a detail I quickly shared with Kenny.
“She says no.”
“You two come and meet me in Princeton. I mean it, Scar. We do this by the book.”
“I don’t know that we can.”
“I don’t know that we can’t,” was his reply.
“But, Kenny, you should have seen that guy before I lost him on Johnson. He was a complete maniac!”
“Do tell.”
By the time I recounted the narrow escape, Kenny, sensible man that he was, wanted to take a chunk out of my hide. Even I had to admit to myself that running the red light and zipping through the traffic was out of character for me. I was bold, but I wasn’t bananas. But striking the man with my car? That was madness. Kenny sounded like he was having serious doubts about me. Not good for such a tenuous point in our relationship. This weekend was supposed to be a chance for me to finally meet his kids, so we could move forward, to the next level -- monogamous dating.
“Do you have a screw loose in that head of yours? You could have been killed. Or killed someone else!”
“I didn’t have a lot of options,” I insisted. Open moon roof and a maniac with a knife? Not good odds, but Kenny didn’t care. This was a side I hadn’t seen before, the professional law enforcement guy. Despite all the jokes about him being a campus cop, he was a serious advocate of public safety, and therefore, my bad behavior earned me his scorn. I would have to work hard to get back into his good graces.
“Get here and we’ll sort it out. Let me give you my address, Scarlet, so you can Tom-Tom it.”
“But....” I started to protest, thinking about the fact that the inn had three guests arriving tomorrow. As innkeeper, it was my responsibility to prepare for them. My brother, Bur, was currently holding down the fort at The Four Acorns Inn, our family bed and breakfast.
“I’ll call the colonel and warn him that you won’t be home tonight. You be careful on the road. Drive safely. And if you notice anything, anything at all, you call the New Jersey State Police first, and then me. Got it?”
“Got it.” The moment I agreed, the call ended. Kenny’s way of letting me know he was royally ripped with me.
“Boy, he was pretty mad,” Jenny stated the obvious. “Is your brother really a colonel?”
“Bur? Oh, heavens,” I shook my head and snickered. “That’s his nickname. Colonel Grey Poupon, like the snooty mustard. Oh, you’re too young to know about that.”
“I thought you were going to tell me he was a soldier. Or a cop.”
“My brother, the troublemaker? Let me put it this way. Bur is the guy who was always pulling pranks in high school. He was a regular wise guy who always seemed to manage to sweet talk his fanny out of hot water.”
“Kenny sounds mean. And mad.”
“Kenny takes the law seriously. He’s a straight arrow, expects people to behave.”
“He’s going to hate me.” That little plaintive voice suddenly seemed to care what the former campus cop thought of her. Was it daddy issues or a good kid who fell off the beaten path when her stepfather gave her too big a shove? I contemplated this as we got back on the road.
“You mentioned college. What do you plan to study?”
“I can’t go now. There’s no way Steve will pay my tuition.” Sadness. Jenny was pushed out the door and into adulthood a little too soon.
“Oh, that can’t be right,” I told her. “If your mom made arrangements for you to be cared for by your stepfather, she must have set up a college fund for you. That would mean he’s just got control of it, but it’s your money.”
Even as I said that, a terrible thought occurred to me. What if Steve had a motive for being a bastard to his ward?
“How long was your mom married to him?”
“Eight months.”
“Oh. That’s not very long.” I calculated the chances that Steve was a cunning creep, taking care of a dying woman, not because he was a nice guy, but because he was a predator, and from where I sat, the odds were good. What if Jenny’s mother named him as executor and the teenager just assumed the money went to Steve? Maybe the wicked stepfather did what he did to chase the child away and keep all the money for himself. “Did your mom work before she got cancer?”
“Yeah, she was a human resources specialist at a rehab center.” Probably made a decent living, I decided. If she raised Jenny by herself all those years, it was likely she put some money away for her daughter. That’s what I would have done.
“What does Steve do?”
“He fixes computers. He’s a real tech geek.”
“Does he have a shop?”
“No. People come to the house.” I absorbed that information and then changed the subject.
 “What makes you think your mom didn’t leave you anything in her will?” Might as well poke the bear while I had the opportunity.
“Steve said so. He told me that all her money went to pay for her cancer treatments.”
Even I had to admit it was possible. And yet, if Jenny’s mother worked in health care, she probably had pretty good insurance.
“You know what, kiddo? I think you need to talk to a lawyer, someone who will look after your interests, someone who will check to make sure Steve’s telling the truth.”
“I don’t understand. They were married. I thought married people had to share their money.”
“Good heavens, no. That’s not always how it works, especially for a parent who has a dependent child. For example, if your mother owned her home before her marriage....”
“How did you know that? Are you sure you’re not psychic?” Hardly. More skeptical than mystical. I was beginning to feel like I wanted to dig all the way through this ugly little set-up. “Steve moved in with us about a year ago, just after my mother met him.”
Steve apparently moved fast. And no doubt, he got power of attorney when her mom got sicker. Talk about convenient.
“What’s Pelham like?” We spent the rest of the trip talking about her life before Steve and cancer.
By the time I pulled into Kenny’s driveway, there was a New Jersey State Police sedan and an unmarked SUV parked on the street. Not good.
“Are they going to arrest me?” Jenny wanted to know.
“For all we know, they’re here for me.”
“Because you ran that red light?”
“Yeah, something like that. Come on, kiddo. Let’s take our lumps and get it over with, once and for all.”
“Maybe we can share a jail cell,” she suggested. I glanced over at the teenager in the seat next to me. A little smile played across her face. The unexpected sense of humor surfaced, a sure sign of a lifetime of mother-daughter moments. I could imagine Jenny confiding in the woman who raised her alone, sharing a joke or a gripe. Confidants. Conspirators. Chums. As we exchanged glances, our eyes locked for only a few seconds. As reluctant as I was to look away, it pained me to see what Jenny unintentionally revealed about herself. Those eyes were still tinged with sadness. She had lost her mother only two months ago. I was a poor substitute, I decided, a fill-in for the real deal. For the first time since I passed my thirtieth birthday so long ago, I regretted not having kids. I could have had a daughter like Jenny, someone who counted on me through the tough times. And then I remembered her mother had died. Was the girl angry about that, or did she know it wasn’t her mother’s choice to leave her?
“What?” One word uttered by an eighteen-year-old brought me back to reality. I turned away, busying myself with my pocketbook.
“We should go in,” I admitted lamely, not willing to acknowledge my sense of powerlessness to comfort Jenny. Whatever she was feeling now, I had no doubt it would only grow worse with time. She was on the run, cut off from whatever family she had left in this world. There’s only so far we mortals can run before our legs give way and we crash to the ground.

Chapter Three --

“Let’s have it,” said the gruff, middle-aged billy goat with the chin whiskers and the blue eyes below a tuft of graying hair. Kenny introduced him as Sarge. Jenny looked at me for direction, so I nodded affirmatively, encouraging her to hand over the evidence. In his enormous fist, Sarge held a magnifier, and used it on the opaque soap.
“Lookie-here,” he said to his three colleagues. They all leaned in over his shoulder as he sat at Kenny’s kitchen counter under a very bright pot light. The former assistant director of Princeton University public safety leaned against the refrigerator, arms crossed, glaring at me. I felt my face burn. Had it really only been four hours ago he was kissing my lips and telling me how much he would miss me when I was back in Connecticut? I flashed back to the early morning, when all was right with the world. Kenny’s daughter, Kendra, and her fiancé, Duff, went off for a run just after sunrise. Kenny and his youngest, Jake, went fishing. Knowing everyone was due back at the rented cottage by eight, I had read the New York Times front to back, swept the sand from the front porch, collected shells on the beach, and then wandered into town for a trip to the bakery. I should have known that glorious feeling would have to end.
“What are those?” said the youngest of the troopers. The name on the tag was Duggan. “They look like crystals of some kind.”
“Maybe bath salts,” another suggested.
“Or crystal meth, Rollo,” said the third. Lonnie seemed like Sarge’s senior man.
“Or not,” replied Sarge, an odd note in his voice. “Ken, you got a knife I can use?”
“Steak, butcher, or paring?”
“Paring,” was the answer, “and a cutting board. A camera and a ruler would be helpful, too.”
Sarge laid down the bar of soap on the wooden surface, still studying it. He photographed it from several angles, the ruler next to it. Then carefully, with the precision of a surgeon, he began to cut away a corner of the bar of soap.
By now, Jenny was showing signs of curiosity. The blood had dried on her arms and face, leaving her looking stained. I thought about the poor dog who sacrificed his life. Where was the monster that had cut short the canine’s life? Had the cops gotten him? No one from the state police was spilling the beans. Instead, they were all focused on the purple bar of soap.
A single cube of soap fell away from the bar, no more than an inch and a half by an inch and a half. The lawman moved in to examine it more closely. He skewered it with the tip of the paring knife, held it up to the light, brought it to his nose and sniffed, and then plopped it down on the board once more.
“Let’s nuke this puppy,” he decided. “If the crystals are drugs, I expect they’ll melt.”
“Might as well find out,” said Duggan, the second trooper. He looked all of about twenty-six.
“Here,” said Kenny, handing his friend a microwave-safe cup. The little purple cube went in and Kenny turned to pop it in the microwave above the range.
“Aren’t you going to cover it with plastic wrap?” I wondered.
“You think it’s necessary, Miz Scarlet?” He still sounded annoyed with me.
“I would. And I’d vent it, too. If it does melt, it could splatter all over the place. And if those crystals don’t, they could pop up and damage the inside of your oven.” I actually caught Kenny rolling his eyes at his buddies as they all tittered at the thought of an outsider like me offering a professional opinion. Birds of a feather.
“Right.” He reached into a drawer by the refrigerator, pulled out some plastic wrap, and encased the little Pyrex cup tightly. As he started to put it into the oven, I stopped him.
“Poke a hole in the top,” I said.
“You want to do the honors, Miz Scarlet?”
“Sure.” With that, I took the cup from him and the paring knife from Sarge. One tiny prick on the clear surface big enough to let the heat escape was all that was necessary. Into the oven it went. I figured I’d start with just thirty seconds of cooking time and go from there.
We all gathered around the window and watched the purple cube melt. It took a couple more rounds before it was a puddle of soap base and doodads. I grabbed a pot holder and pulled it out, setting it on the cutting board for Sarge.
“The crystal didn’t melt,” Rollo announced. The young trooper seemed rather surprised. We all watched Sarge’s adept hands lift out a rough crystal about the size of blueberry. He carefully washed it in the sink and dropped it back onto the board. Poking it here and there with the blade of the knife, the man grunted and mumbled a few times before looking up at Jenny.
“Where did you get this soap?”
“Paolo gave it to me.”
“Just this one bar?”
“No, there were boxes of them in a back pack.”
“Talk to me,” he commanded. Twenty minutes later, we learned that Jenny had met Paolo at the New Dawn Meditation Center in Dover after she left the campground. She was passing through on her way to Pennsylvania, where her mother’s best friend, Paula, lived with two cats and her husband, the oral surgeon. The center was offering a free aura cleansing to the first fifty people who walked through the doors.
“Paolo bought me a bus ticket to Philadelphia and promised me that Richie would give me a hundred bucks. But Richie tried to kiss me, so I slapped him. And then, when I told him I wanted my money, he told me I’d have to...you know...if I wanted it.” She went red from the neck up and we adults all got the gist of the exchange.
“When did he kill your dog?” Rollo asked. “And how?”
“Mozzie was barking at him, because he grabbed me, and he just took out his knife and sliced open his...thro-o-at!” It hit her then, that lonely memory. Her only companion, her best friend from home, the last connection to her childhood, had died trying to protect her.
“Bastard,” mumbled Lonnie, the third trooper.
“How did you get away?” I noticed that Duggan kept silent as Rollo continued to question the girl.
“I kicked him in the nuts and ran into the street.”
“What were you doing in Bay Head, if you were supposed to deliver the soap to Richie in Point Pleasant?”
“Richie picked me up at the bus station and took me to a house on the bay. He said he had to make a delivery to some guy before he could give me my money, so we’d just wait till the guy got home.”
“How did you get your dog on the bus?” demanded Sarge. “I know for a fact that there are no dogs allowed, unless they’re service animals.”
“Okay, well, I hitched!” she snapped, defiant. “Save the lecture!”
All eyes were on the miserable, blood-soaked runaway. She couldn’t leave her dog behind, could she? That stepfather probably would have taken Mozzie to the pound.
“Where was the house? You think you could find it again?” That was Sarge.
“I don’t need to find it. I know exactly where it is.”
“You do?”
“Yeah, because Richie creeped me out. I put the address in my Smartphone address book, in case I had to find directions out of Bay Head on my own.”
Already winning points for being bright, Jenny triumphantly handed her Smartphone to Sarge, who jotted down the address, and then she hit another winner. “The house was under construction. All the rooms were torn up. Richie called some guy named Hinson and told him he wanted his money for the merchandise. Hinson told him he’d be back by nine and to stay put. That’s when Richie decided he was going to make me...you know!”
A house under construction. I took that information and tried to match it to the homes I had seen on my walk around Bay Head. On the bay side, Jenny had said. Funny, most homes were normally not under construction during the summer season, but with Hurricane Sandy, a lot of folks were still waiting on repairs.
“Kenny, I need a glass, one that you don’t really care about,” Sarge informed him. I watched my lanky love interest reach into a cupboard and pull out a glass mixing bowl.
“Will this do?”
“Yeah.” The seasoned New Jersey state trooper turned the bowl over, and with the crystal in his right hand, made a scratch on the bottom.
“Is that...” Rollo started to ask. Sarge answered, nodding.
“A diamond? Yeah, definitely.”
“No way!” I couldn’t help myself. Why would there be a diamond tucked into a bar of soap?
“I’m afraid so,” was the confident reply. No way he was afraid in any way, shape, or form. Sarge was already holding up the remainder of the lavender-scented bar. “Let’s get this to the lab. Duggan, call the DA and get a warrant for the property.”
“You think there are more diamonds?” That was Jenny. She sounded thrilled.
“Possibly. We won’t know until we do a search. Kenny, you’ll keep an eye on the ladies?”
“Sounds like you two will be using my guest room tonight.” I noticed the reference to the sleeping arrangements and suddenly felt a big pang of rejection. Was Kenny kicking me to the curb, all because I had stopped to help the girl? Twenty minutes after Sarge and his boys left, I had my answer.
“Make sure she doesn’t vanish in the middle of the night, Scar,” Kenny whispered in my ear as he bade me sweet dreams.
“How am I supposed to do that?” I answered him, my lips pressed close to his cheek.
“She won’t go if she thinks we’ll look after her,” he promised me. “Mother the girl. Make her feel safe.”
Pulling out sheets, Kenny and I made up the twin beds in what once was Kendra’s bedroom. Apricot walls, floral drapes, and a handful of stuffed animals were the remnants of her college years. White furniture kept the room feeling young and fresh, but not childish. Kendra’s marriage plans had been put on hold after her mother’s death, but she and Duff still planned to marry later this year. Would she be staying here in the days before the ceremony?
“I think I have something for you to wear, Jenny.” He opened up the dresser and pulled out an oversized blue night shirt with an owl on the front.
“Temple University,” she said, recognizing the university’s mascot.
“Very good. That’s where one of my daughter’s boyfriends went. She dumped him when she met Duff.”
“I thought about going to college in Pennsylvania, but it was too far from my mom after she got sick.”
“Where were you planning to go?” I probed gently.
“Rivier. They have undergraduate and graduate nursing programs. I wanted to...take care of my mom.” Looking at those eyes, I felt my throat constrict. Jenny wiped away a tear with the back of her hand and it was all I could do to blink hard and keep from doing the same.
“She must have been very proud of you,” said Kenny gently. “I’ll bet you took good care of her while she was sick.”
“I did. I learned to change her bandages after her surgery and the nurses showed me how to bathe her, so I wouldn’t damage her skin. She had radiation treatment, so I put the cream on to soothe the burn.”
“You were headed to Pennsylvania after your stepfather mistreated you?” Kenny was sitting at Kendra’s desk, watching the girl. “You said your mother’s best friend lives there. Would you like to call her? We could drive you there tomorrow, and make sure you’re settled.”
“Honest?” Those big eyes wanted to believe Kenny was one of the good ones.
“Honest. Do you have her number? You could call her now, even though it’s late.”
What was Kenny up to? Was he playing a hunch? Jenny dialed her Smartphone and waited for an answer. The conversation didn’t go well.
“Hi, is Paula there? When will she be back? January? But...oh, I see. But...um, okay. No, no message.” The shoulders slumped and the head fell forward. So much for Jenny’s plans.
“Paula and Max are in Lausanne, Switzerland. He’s working on a research program for Drexel University and they won’t be coming home until the end of January. They rented the house to a family.”
“Oh, that’s too bad,” I responded, seeing her disappointment.
“What am I going to do?” Such a forlorn sound to those words.
“Don’t worry, we’ll figure something out.” Kenny sounded upbeat, but it didn’t fool Jenny, who had lost her mother and her dog. One of life’s new realities for the orphan was that she was responsible for her own welfare. She was no longer anyone’s baby girl.
“We could use you at the Four Acorns Inn,” I blurted out. Don’t ask me what prompted that. Maybe it was that I had three guests coming to the inn this week and two of them needed care. Maybe it was that I couldn’t bear the thought of sending this waif out into the cold, harsh world to fend for herself. “If you want a job, I’ll make one for you.”
Kenny looked over at me. I couldn’t tell what he was thinking, and frankly I didn’t care. I just didn’t want Jenny to run off, to vanish into thin air, never to be seen again. I wanted to help her find her way in this world. She was so vulnerable and there were other men like Richie out there.
“I don’t know anything about working at an inn, Scarlet,” she confided.
“Oh, don’t worry about that. I can teach you. Mrs. Blevins is coming for her niece’s wedding. She’s got Parkinson’s and uses a wheelchair to get around. I think she’d appreciate having the help. You could practice your nursing skills.”
“Really?”
“Really,” I promised. “And Mr. Hornblower is having surgery on his ACL. He tore it when he fell down his cellar stairs. I have the VNA scheduled to check on him daily, but I’m sure the nurses would be delighted to have your help.”
“What kind of inn do you run?” Jenny wondered. “Do all your guests need nurses?”
“Actually, many do. My mother is handicapped, so our house has an elevator. She and her cousin, Lacey, brought home one friend after another as their health failed and they needed care, and the next thing you know, I was running an inn for people with special needs.”
“Wow. But where would I live?”
“Oh, heavens. We have a room for you, with your own bath. And I’ll pay you a salary. It won’t be a huge salary, mind you. You don’t have your nursing degree yet. But you’ll be able to save some money for college. At least we can look out for you until Paula and her husband get back. In fact, we’ll help you get in touch with them in the meantime.”
There was the carrot, and the hungry little bunny took that first nibble. “You think I could take a college course?”
“I’ll tell you what. You work hard and I’ll help you get into a good school. I might even sponsor you for classes. Let’s see how it goes. If you feel you’ve got something to offer the Four Acorns Inn, we’ll get you on the right track.”
“Honest?” There was hunger in that voice. I pushed back a little, wanting to know more about her.
“Did you graduate from high school?”
“With honors. I had a 3.8 grade point average. It would have been higher, but my mom really needed a lot of care during her last year.”
“Well, that sounds pretty good. I’m sure there’s something we can do to get you where you need to be. Right now, why don’t you go take a long shower and get that gunk off of you?” With a firm hand on her shoulder, I walked her out to the hallway and pointed her towards the bathroom. She seemed so small, so vulnerable, as she padded off, her bare feet barely registering on the wooden floor.
Kenny was sitting on one of the beds when I went back into Kendra’s room. He wore a wry smile on his face.
“You do know you’re getting in over your head, don’t you? You know next to nothing about this girl, Miz Scarlet.”
“I had to make the offer, Captain Peacock,” I said, using his high school nickname. “She’s in dire need of supervision. We can’t just send her off to Pennsylvania if her mother’s best friend isn’t available for another six months.”
“No, we can’t. But you’ve forgotten something, babe. The New Jersey state police might be building a criminal case. Jenny might be a major witness.”
“So? It’s not like she won’t be available. And she has to live somewhere in the meantime, doesn’t she? What better place than the Four Acorns Inn?”
I should have known it wouldn’t be that easy. Of course, if I had a premonition of what was to come, who knows what I might have done differently.

Chapter Four --

“She’s a material witness!” Sarge bellowed. “We’ll keep her safe here.”
“She’s a child,” I insisted, “who recently lost her mother to cancer, her stepfather to stupidity, and I’m not taking no for an answer!”
“Good God, woman! You’re worse than my wife when you get your dander up!”
I’ll admit it. I was royally peeved. The hulking New Jersey state trooper wanted to keep Jenny in state custody, as a vagrant, all because she had no permanent address.
“I’m giving her a job, Sarge. I’m giving her a permanent address. She will live with my family at the inn. Case closed.”
“It’s not closed until I say it’s closed!”
“I’ve got news for you, bub! It’s closed when I say it’s closed. She’s coming home with me because she needs a family atmosphere to help her heal!”
“And if I let her go home with you, she’ll never come back to New Jersey to testify!” He was three inches from my nose and I could smell the coffee on his breath.
“Want to bet? I’m putting her in nursing school and sponsoring her tuition. If I say she comes back to testify or she gets no money for school, she’ll testify!”
“What’s your proof she’s college material?”
“She had a 3.8 GPA in high school, and did it while she took care of her sick mamma!”
“Well, fine! But if she doesn’t show up for court, I’m going to hunt you down, Scarlet Wilson, and make your life a living hell.”
“You do that, Sarge, and I’ll tell your wife!” One minute he was glaring at me and the next, he threw back his head and let out a loud guffaw.
“You and my Maggie are two peas in a pod! She’d think you were a real hoot!” he told me. “You’re one tough cookie.”
“Yes, she’s crunchy on the outside and soft in the middle,” Kenny informed him, “and sometimes even a little nutty.”
“Very funny,” I retorted. That just made the men laugh harder.
We were sitting in Kenny’s living room, the three of us. Jenny was upstairs, trying on clothes that Kendra had stored in the attic. Her father’s daughter, she took his call for action on the Jenny Project and offered up her old cast-offs. “The only thing I don’t have is underwear for her. But check Mommy’s boxes in the corner. I haven’t had the heart to get rid of them yet.”
His wife’s decades’ long battle with multiple sclerosis had taken their toll on the whole family, her most of all, but her death was unexpected. Jillian suffered brain trauma in a terrible fall down stone steps -- it turned out to be a fatal injury. Kenny and the kids were devastated.
Decades after our teenage romance was crushed by Kenny’s move to New Jersey, we were reunited by a troubling case at the Four Acorns Inn back in late winter. My brother Bur called our old buddy for his investigative expertise and he rode to the rescue. The old spark of high school romance was rekindled, the flame fed with a more adult passion. Now that we were dating, I was actually glad that he had been happily married to his wife for so long. He wasn’t some dope who jumped into bed with every fanny-wiggling female. Even though I knew he still missed her, we were enjoying the chance to rediscover each other.
After Kenny talked to his daughter, he and I had gone upstairs with Jenny, ready to get to work. He had pulled down the attic stairs, made his way up the wooden steps, and brought down the plastic containers of fabric-covered memories. I could tell it was tough for him to see those reminders of his past. There was real relief when we left the teenager alone to assemble her new wardrobe.
“I’ll take her shopping this week and get those clothes back to you,” I promised him as we headed down the stairs.
“No rush,” he said tersely. When he reached the bottom of the stairs and stepped into the foyer, his shoulders slumped. For a moment, he seemed miserable, but then he let out a sigh. “Jillian would approve, Scarlet. She’d say you’re doing the right thing.”
“I’m glad, Kenny.” I thought about saying more, but that seemed all he really needed to hear. His wife would have seen the Jenny Project as a healing thing. Jillian had been an activist and an advocate for MS patients. She understood both the need to provide care and the need to receive it. Maybe that’s why Kendra was so generous in sharing her attic treasures with the orphaned teenager, especially after Kenny shared the details of Jenny’s life with his daughter.
“Well, now what?” Sarge wanted to know. “You two taking off with the kid this afternoon?”
“It depends. How soon do you think you’ll find Richie?” Kenny was adamant that Jenny’s pursuer was a threat until he was locked up, and he refused to allow me to leave until we knew what the score was.
Of course, I couldn’t help but wonder what we’d do if Richie continued to evade the cops. He had assaulted a little old lady in Bay Head and stolen her 2006 Acura after he crashed his truck into three cars while chasing us. The local cops were on the lookout, stepping up their patrols in the area, especially after the search of the house failed to yield any significant clues in the case. The police had recovered Richie’s truck, which was registered in his real name. A convicted felon who worked construction after he did his time, he led an unremarkable life. It seemed likely that the bars of soap Jenny delivered to him in Point Pleasant were studded with jewels stolen in early 2013 from a store on West 47th Street in New York. The New Jersey State Police were working with the New York City cops to track down the rest of the uncut stones.
“Richie was the hired muscle. He assaulted the shopkeeper when the thieves snatched the diamonds. They had been part of a shipment that had just been delivered by FedEx, so we think the information was leaked, possibly by one of the sellers, who then got to collect the insurance money.”
“Nasty,” I decided.
“Very. The old man may never fully recover from the beating he took,” Sarge informed us. “We think that the soap ploy was just the first effort to move the diamonds.”
“But why not just hand them over in a pouch? Why go to all that trouble of sticking them in bars of soap?” I wanted to know.
“Honestly? It’s got me puzzled. My best guess is that they need to distribute the stones slowly, which means the thieves can’t risk being caught with the goods, so they’re hiding them in the bars. We made sure to keep it quiet that we recovered the stones. We don’t want to spook anyone.”
“But why soap?” Kenny was still curious. “What’s the game?”
“Beats me,” said the New Jersey state trooper.
“Unless....” I didn’t finish the thought. After all, it was kind of silly.
“Unless what?” I saw my handsome boyfriend studying me. “Give it up, Miz Scarlet.”
“It’s nothing. It’s just that...well, the only reason I can figure that anyone would put jewels in bars of soap is that they’ve got too many jewels to keep on hand.”
“Hence, they need to hide them safely in some way that deflects suspicion and allows them to store the jewels safely.” Kenny pondered the implications of this.
“Funny you should mention that,” Sarge grimaced. “We think these thieves aren’t professionals. They don’t know how to distribute the goods without getting caught. No criminal connections. So, maybe they’re holding onto the uncut diamonds and fencing them here and there. After all, folks know these stones were stolen. Flood the market and someone tips off the cops. They have to put them back into circulation a few at a time.”
“Hmm....”
“Hmm what?” Kenny asked me.
“Well, when I think fancy organic soap, I think about gifts. Why did Richie want to meet the girl in Point Pleasant? Why not just drive up to Dover and pick up the soap from Paolo? Because Paolo is somehow connected to the diamonds? Or the soap? Or Richie?”
“Maybe. Richie has a criminal past,” Kenny pointed out. “The mastermind could be well known in the Bay Head area and can’t afford to have people connect him or her to Paolo.”
“And what does this have to do with Hinson’s house? Jenny said Richie was supposed to meet Hinson and give him something. Maybe Hinson is the fence,” the investigator with the billy goat whiskers decided.
“Or even the mastermind. What do we know about him?” Kenny inquired of his buddy. The answer was disappointing.
“So far, the only thing we know about the unidentified out-of-state owner of the property is that he bought it two months ago through a real estate trust, had the place gutted, and paid his construction crew through the law office of Mather and Johnston. No one, it seems, including the real estate agent in Bay Head, has ever met the guy. We’ve got the name of the general contractor in charge of the renovation. He’s well-known around town and seems legit, a plumber by the name of Lars Weims.”
“Do you really think Hinson was going to meet Richie that night?”
“Hard to say,” sniffed the man in the club chair opposite me. Bing! We all heard the message arrive on his Smartphone and waited for him to check it. “Oh, holy crapola. Guess what just washed up in Mantoloking.”
“How could we possibly guess?” I challenged Sarge, but then I took a stab at it. “Oh, wait. The backpack of soap!”
“I’ll give you a hint. What’s the worst thing that could happen to our case?”
“I have no clue,” I shook my head. “Hit a dead end, I suppose.”
“Dead is the magic word,” Sarge announced.
“In that case, my money’s on Richie.” Captain Peacock solved that mystery a little too quickly. Did he know something I didn’t? “Cause of death?”
“Gunshot wound to the temple.”
“Suicide?” Both men looked at me like I unexpectedly sprouted two heads and had a future in a circus sideshow.
“Hardly. No, Richie was offed,” Sarge declared.
“Maybe there was a falling out among thieves,” Kenny suggested. “Somebody was disgruntled. Maybe Hinson was mad the cops got called in and served that search warrant.”
“Or Richie mishandled everything by letting the kid get away,” replied the New Jersey state trooper. There was a long pause as we thought that through. Finally I asked the big question.
“What happens now to Jenny?”
“Well, it all depends on what she told Paolo about herself. We’ll have to talk to her.”
“Hey, Scarlet....” Kenny gave me a funny look. I wasn’t sure I liked it. It struck me that he was trying to get rid of me. “Maybe you could go to Target and buy Jenny some underwear, socks, that sort of thing.”
“Really?” I glared in his direction. I’m not a complete idiot. I know when I’m being blown off.
“Please?” He said it nicely, pretty-please-style, with a cherry on top. Bastard.
“Fine, but don’t you two dare bully that girl!” I hissed my warning and let it hang heavy in the air. I groused my way up the stairs, wanting the men to know just how unfair I thought it was that they were sending me away. I should be here. How did they know Jenny wouldn’t keep something important from them out of fear? She and I had already developed a rapport. Besides, they were leaving me out of the loop, and I deserved to be inside that tight little circle. Without me, that girl would have been murdered and the evidence would have wound up in some shark’s belly, or as food for the bottom-feeders in the salt water pond. So much for gratitude.
Jenny gave me her bra and panty sizes, color choices, and even asked me to pick her up some shoes. That’s when I realized she was still wearing rubber flip-flops.
“Just out of curiosity, where’s all your stuff? Back at your stepfather’s place?” I wanted to know. She nodded. I thought about that. The teenager had the right to her own possessions, but without a home to store them, what was the point in packing them up? We definitely needed to hire a good lawyer to represent her interests.
I thought about that as I killed time, wandering up and down the aisles at Target. I hit the sales racks and found bargains. Ever since we recovered some of the Wilson family trust money that was stolen in a Ponzi scheme, I was feeling more confident about my future. I had spent decades putting money away for my retirement, and when it was siphoned off, it just about did me in. Getting some of it back went a long way towards soothing those wounds, enough so that I felt I could spend some of it to help Jenny.
Jenny...she needed so much. If she didn’t go to college now, she might never get her degree. That would be a shame. If she moved in permanently at the Four Acorns Inn, she could go to the University of Connecticut and pay the tuition rate for state residents. Even if she worked and took two courses a semester, she’d be able to get her degree in five years or so. The commute wouldn’t be much, maybe twenty or so minutes, plus time to park and walk to class.
Oh, you’re probably thinking I’m getting totally carried away, but you have to understand I trained as a teacher, and I’ve tutored high school students for the better part of my career, steering them towards college. I can’t imagine a teenager like Jenny not having a fair shot at getting a good education, and from what she told me about her mother’s cancer, I was confident that she had an aptitude for nursing. The trick would be to help her stay motivated.
What kind of girl has no family at all? Was it even possible? How could her father’s family not contact her mother, not send money for her support? Maybe Kenny, the security consultant, could find out something about them. Better still, maybe we could convince them to cough up the financial aid Jenny and her mother should have received all along.
I felt a tingle in my pocket and pulled out my phone. Brother Bur back at the Four Acorns Inn in Cheswick.
“Hey,” I sighed. “How’s it going?”
“You owe me big, Scarlet. You have no idea what a pain in the....” He was at his bombastic best. Lucky me. I cut him short.
“You do realize they just fished the body of the really bad guy out of the ocean, right? I’m not down here lying on the beach, soaking up the sun and eating bonbons. I’m at Target, shopping for an orphan that some maniac tried to kill.”
“Well, you still owe me!” he snarled. “Do you have any idea what Hilda Blevins is like? Not only did she insist on a different room, she wanted to know why you weren’t here to greet her. And she hated the licensed practical nurse that showed up to help her bathe.”
“Who did the agency send?”
“Marva.”
“Well, I don’t blame her. Marva spends the whole time whining. I told them the last time she showed up that she was a bad fit for our guests. Tell Hilda that I’m calling the VNA now and I’ll make sure they send Ernesta or Belle. And I should be there later tonight.”
Twenty minutes later, I had the licensed practical nurse situation for the guest with Parkinson’s all straightened out. I called Hilda to explain the snafu and to personally reassure her that her nurse tomorrow would be far more helpful and less talkative. As soon as I hung up, my phone rang again. This time it was Kenny.
“You can come home now, babe.”
“Mother, may I?” Shades of childhood.
“Yes, you may,” he trilled, doing his best old lady impression. Funny how the games of our youth still make us silly.
With my purchases in hand, I left the store, climbed into my Focus, and headed back to Kenny’s house. The driveway no longer had a state vehicle parked on it. That was a positive sign. I wondered if the neighbors just assumed Kenny was chummy with the cops in his capacity as a security consultant. I didn’t see faces peering out from behind the curtains on my walk from car to house.
“Ready to hit the road?” That was the first thing Kenny said to me when I made it through the door. He seemed to have ants in his pants, itching and twitching, urging me to grab my suitcase from Kendra’s room.
“On your way to put out a forest fire, Smokey?”
“Something like that.” His eyes landed on me long enough for me to recognize the concern there. Not good. I wondered if he’d gotten bad news while I was gone. Or was this about Jenny and some dark secret?

Chapter Five --

My clothes were already in the suitcase. I gathered my toothbrush, toothpaste, shampoo, conditioner, and deodorant, shoved them inside my plastic travel case, and zipped it closed. Moments later, I was in the foyer. I deposited the luggage, hit the powder room, and then found Jenny and Captain Peacock in the kitchen.
“Okay. I’m ready.”
“I’ll follow you,” he announced.
“Oh.”
“Jenny will be traveling with me, Scar. I need to talk to her about a few things.”
“I see,” I told him, but the truth is I didn’t. Something didn’t feel right. They were keeping secrets from me. There were worry lines around Captain Peacock’s eyes. Did he think Richie’s killer would make an attempt on Jenny’s life?
Jenny was the first one out the door. She headed to Kenny’s Ford Escape in the garage. He caught my hand, pulled me close, and whispered, “I’ll make it up to you.”
His warm touch made me shiver, especially as his lips brushed my cheek. An electrical charge pulsed through my veins. Love is good, even when it comes late, and better late than never.
“Let’s try to make it without stopping, Scarlet.”
“Is it important?”
“Yes.”
“Then we’ll do it.”
Three hours later, I pulled my Ford silver bullet into the long driveway of the Four Acorns Inn and continued to the carriage house. I parked in my garage bay, lifted the hatchback, grabbed the luggage, and met Kenny and Jenny out front. Inserting the key into the front door, I stepped aside to let them pass.
“Wow,” the teenager sighed as she entered. She twirled around, enthralled with the house. “It’s a mansion.”
“Yes, it is. Every guest room has a private bath.” I led her through the first floor, showing her each of the public rooms. We finished in the living room, where my mother, Laurel, and her cousin, Lacey, were playing Scrabble with Mr. Hornblower. I introduced our newest visitor.
“She’ll be working part-time,” I told the assembled crowd, “to pay for her keep.”
“How nice,” Lacey decided.
“Indeed.” My mother gave the plan her stamp of approval. I gave Jenny a conspiratorial wink, to let her know she was doing just fine.
“What’s for din-din?” came a booming voice behind us. We all turned to see my brother, Bur, saunter in, dressed in his golf clothes.
“Whatever you’re making,” I shot back. After all, I had just driven nearly two hundred miles non-stop.
“Now, now, Miz Scarlet. No need to get snippy. Is this the little waif? Let me take a look at her,” he insisted.
“Ignore him,” I instructed Jenny.
“Don’t listen to her,” my brother replied, going right up to the teenager and staring in her face. “I don’t see any obvious signs of drug use. No needle marks, no yellowing of the eyes to indicate liver damage....”
“Pay no attention to the ignoramus. We only let him out once a day. Otherwise, he stays in his pen in the backyard.”
“My sister kids. I live in the carriage house.”
“Wow, do you two always fight like this?” Jenny seemed shocked.
“Are you kidding?” Lacey was laughing. “They were born belligerent.”
“I wouldn’t say belligerent,” my mother spoke up.
“Thank you, mother.” Bur nodded in her direction.
“More like cat and dog, two separate species.”
“Dog!” I called, beating my brother to the punch.
“Fitting in every way,” he shot back. “Woof! As in bow-wow!”
“At least I’m not a mouse chaser like you, you old dust bag! Help yourself to a saucer of milk.”
“Better still, why don’t you fetch it, Fido?”
“Children!” There was that admonishing tone in my mother’s voice that brooked no nonsense. She might be stuck in a wheelchair, but she still had a voice that could carry above the din. “Enough! Both of you stop it. Now, Scarlet, where is Jenny going to sleep?”
“I thought I would put her in the library for now.”
“No, that won’t do at all,” my mother decided. “She should be on the second floor.”
“But....”
“No buts about it, Scarlet,” Lacey added.
“I beg your pardon, ladies. May I remind you that it’s my job to see to the guests?”
“Or you could put her on the third floor,” my mother suggested, “with you.”
“What?”
“Why not? That storage room could be transformed into another bedroom....”
“But....” I tried to protest, but the Googins girls were already talking over me, like I wasn’t there.
“They can share the sitting room.”
“And it will be a quiet getaway.”
“Mother,” I cut in. No response. “Lacey!”
“You’ll have to share the bathroom, but that’s not really a big deal, is it, Scarlet?” Neither of the elderly ladies bothered to wait for my response.
“Well, now that we have that settled, let’s talk about dinner.”
“Settled?”
“She’s in the Red Oak room until the guests arrive this week, and then we’ll move her to my room, and I’ll temporarily stay in the library, until the new bedroom is finished,” Lacey told me. “Weren’t you listening, dear?”
“Kenny is staying in the Red Oak room tonight,” I pointed out.
“Put him in the library,” Lacey suggested. “He won’t mind, will you, dear?”
“No, ma’am,” said the former Eagle Scout, grinning at the Googins girls.
“Let’s not get carried away, ladies. I’m still in charge of the guest accommodations.” What good did it do to assert myself? They pretended not to hear me.
“I...I don’t want to cause any problems,” Jenny piped in, clearly distressed at all the discussion over her sleeping arrangements.
“Kiddo, you’ll have to get used to this,” Kenny confided. “It comes with the territory.”
“Don’t listen to him,” said Laurel, offering the girl her hand. “My daughter and son like to bicker. I don’t know where they get it from, probably their father’s side of the family.”
“Hardly!” Bur was all over that statement in a flash. “This is definitely Googins in origin!”
My mother sniffed, her pert little nose rising toward the ceiling. “I think not, Bur. The Wilsons were hardly the epitome of good breeding. I’ll have you know that your father was reputed to have quite a temper as a young man.”
“That’s because you drove him batty,” my brother responded.
“Oh, lordy!” I sighed. “Welcome home. Speaking of which, where are those dogs? And Scrub Oak?”
“Damn!” That was Bur. “I put them up in your room when the workmen were here this afternoon. We had a small problem with the gas furnace during the annual maintenance check, and they were coming and going, in and out of the house.”
“Come on, Jenny,” I shook my head. “Grab your suitcase and I’ll show you where you’re sleeping.”
Leading the way up the long staircase, I watched the girl take in all the details of the grand two-story foyer. The house, built during the era of success for the pressboard mill my grandfather and his partners ran, truly was a marvel of architectural elegance.
These days, as a bed and breakfast, it was popular with our clientele, thanks in part to the elevator we had installed in a closet decades ago, after my mother lost her mobility. With only three, sometimes four guest suites, we were hardly a swank hotel. But our guests had come to expect pampering and socialization, two things at which we excelled. Some came on their way in or out of the hospital, whether for cancer treatment or general surgery. Some came because they had physical limitations and had business in Hartford County. I often arranged for physical therapists to come to the house, nurses to check on recently discharged patients, or supplemental oxygen for people with breathing difficulties. There was a ramp to the driveway, gardens that were handicapped-accessible, and a peaceful setting for guests to kick back and relax in while they were with us.
“Here you are,” I told her, leading her to the door of the Red Oak room. She stepped in, mouth open, and gasped at the carved bed. “Wow!”
“Like it?” I patted her shoulder. “It belonged to my grandparents. You can put your case down on the trunk there.”
Even as I spoke, I could hear the barking upstairs. Huckleberry and January were in full chorus. I could only hope my suite was still relatively intact. After hours of being cooped up on the third floor, the Four Acorns Inn resident pets were likely to be feisty.
“Good thing you like dogs,” I told Jenny. “How do you feel about cats?”
“Oh, I love all kinds of animals,” she cooed, as I showed her the way to the staircase to the third floor. Definitely less grand, it was far more private, something I appreciated. When I went to bed at night, it gave me comfort to know that I could shut the door and be in my own little world, at least for a few hours.
The sounds of barking stopped the moment the door opened at the second-floor landing. We both looked up to see three figures, all about the same size, waiting at the top. Huckleberry was my Yorkshire terrier, a sweet little boy who was affectionate and perpetually hungry. He loved the cocktail hour, when little tidbits fell on the floor. I could see him dancing around as he waited for my arrival.
“They’re so cute!” Jenny declared. “Oh!”
As we stepped into my sitting room, January claimed Jenny as her own. The fox terrier practically threw herself into the teen’s welcoming arms.
“She belonged to one of our first guests, Hank. He stayed with us while he had cancer treatment, and when he passed away, January joined the family.”
“Poor baby,” Jenny decided, burying her face in January’s coat. I thought I saw her wipe away a tear as she hugged the tiny pooch. Maybe it was that Hank, like her mother, had passed away from cancer. Maybe it was that Jenny had lost Mozzie, her dog, to Richie’s barbarian ways. Something told me that January would soon have a new champion in her corner.
“And this fine fellow is Scrub Oak. He’s a house cat. We don’t let him outside because there are coyotes in the neighborhood. And fisher cats, hawks, owls....” I recited the list of predators in the area. “White Oak Hill is a park behind the house, known for its hiking trails and its wildlife. You might see deer in the garden from time to time. There’s an occasional bear sighting, usually in the spring when the mama has her cubs. Do you like to hike?”
“I’m from New Hampshire,” she reminded me. “My mom used to take me camping every summer before she got sick. We had a kayak and we used to spend time paddling around Little Island Pond.”
“Does that mean you can swim?” I inquired. Jenny bobbed her head. “In that case, you’ll be happy to know we have a storage rack down by the pond with a kayak and a canoe. The water’s about eight feet at the deepest point. It’s pretty good swimming, but just remember you’re sharing Mother Nature’s playground with the other critters. And don’t try to pet anything wild. Rabies.”
“Cool.”
“We should get these dogs out for a tinkle. Want to help me?”
Kenny joined us at the front door, and we stepped out together to do a loop around the neighborhood. Staying on the sidewalk, he and I pointed out the sights to the young girl. She was duly impressed by the waterfall that cascaded down over the old stone wall.
“This must have been a great place to grow up,” said Jenny, awe in her voice.
“It was,” Kenny acknowledged. “I have a lot of good memories of Cheswick.”
“You grew up here? I thought you lived in New Jersey.”
“My dad changed jobs when I was a teenager, so we had to move. Bur and Scarlet were old friends of mine from high school.”
“My mom was from Boston. That’s where I was born. I don’t remember it, though. She moved to Maine when I was two, and then to Vermont when I was seven. And when I turned ten, we moved to New Hampshire.”
“No grandparents, aunts and uncles?” I probed. “Cousins?”
“She had a sister who died when she was twenty. My grandpa died when I was six-and-a-half. Grandma lived with us in Vermont. She died four years ago.”
“You’ve had a tough time of it, haven’t you?” That just slipped out of my mouth and as soon as it did, I wanted to take it back. The look on Jenny’s face told me the wounds were still very raw. And yet, it was true. The child had suffered serious losses in the past few years, and the wicked stepfather and Richie were the straws that could have broken that camel’s back.
“What was your grandmother like?” the security consultant wanted to know. I looked at Kenny and saw him studying his subject with great curiosity. Was he doing a background check on the child?
“Oh, Nana was wonderful. She was a science teacher at the local high school. She used to practice her lesson plans on me before she’d use them in class. We did a lot of hiking in the White Mountains, the three of us.”
“Did your grandparents have any relatives?” Captain Peacock was on a mission.
“Nana had an older brother, Vance, and a younger sister, Violet. I think they’re both dead because they didn’t come to Mom’s memorial service. And Poppy had a younger brother who died in Vietnam.”
“Were they from Maine?”
“Born and bred,” Jenny laughed. “Poppy was the manager of the local grocery store. I used to go visit him at work on Saturdays.”
“Sounds like your family loved you a lot, Jenny.” Those intense eyes trained on the teenager and didn’t let go. What was Kenny up to with all this interrogation? Did he know something I didn’t?
“They did. I had a really nice life, up until my mom got sick. And then....” she sighed heavily, shoulders slumping, her voice breaking off. She turned away from us, trying to keep her composure. That didn’t stop Captain Peacock. He ignored my glare and kept on picking at that scab.
“And then what?”
“Mom got worse and had to quit her job because she couldn’t think straight. That’s when my stepfather moved in.”
Why hadn’t anyone stopped Steve from taking advantage of Jenny’s vulnerable mother? Didn’t the woman have any friends?
“He insisted they get married, so he could take care of her. And he made her sign over the house to him, so she wouldn’t lose it to all the hospital bills.”
“That explains a lot,” Kenny decided. “Jenny, would it be okay with you if I tried to find your family?”
“But I don’t have one. My mom....”
“Maybe your mom’s family lost touch with her, for one reason or another. Would you mind if I tried to find them?” he asked again.
“Sure. But I don’t think you will.”
“Let me worry about that. In the meantime, Miz Scarlet will get you settled here and show you the ropes of running an inn. Frankly, I’m glad you’re here. She can use the help.”
“Oh?” I glanced over at him in time to catch a wink.
“We’ve been dating for months now, and every time I want to whisk her away for a date, somebody needs her to do something.” There was that boyish grin I so loved. “You could start now. Any chance you could take the dogs back to the house and ask Bur to call up for a couple of pizzas?”

Chapter Six --

Jenny glanced at me and then at Kenny. She had a tiny smile on her face, a knowing smile. “Sure. Come on, guys.”
We watched her walk away, the terriers trotting beside her. With time, she might let go of some of that pain. It wouldn’t happen overnight. Considering her background, it was possible that she could, with the right support, get herself through college and have a productive life, providing we could keep her safe. A lot depended on whether or not the New Jersey State Police could figure out who Hinson was, who his accomplices were, and what happened to the rest of those missing uncut diamonds.
“I think Stepfather Stevie’s been a naughty boy,” Captain Peacock announced.
“You do?”
“I do.” Kenny slid his hands around my waist and gave me a proper kiss before he continued. “He married a woman suffering from mental confusion as the result of her cancer treatment. He got her to turn over ownership of her house, which should have gone to her daughter.”
“That’s terrible. You’re not going to let the bastard get away with that, are you?” He kissed me again sweetly.
“Heavens, no.”
“Promise,” I insisted firmly. My dander was up, my feathers clearly ruffled by the thought that Steve had taken advantage of a teenage girl.
“Promise,” he told me, hand up in the air. A moment later, he tried to kiss me, but I was too riled up.
“What are you going to do about it?” I demanded, pulling away.
“Do about it? I’m going to track the creep down and see that Jenny gets what she is owed.”
“Jenny needs a lawyer, someone to protect her legal interests.”
“Yes, she does. We’ll talk to Bur. He’ll know someone.”
“Good.
“Good is right.”
“When?”
“When what?”
“When are you going to start?” I wanted to know.
“I already have, Scar. I put my peeps on it before we left New Jersey.”
“Excellent,” I grinned, rewarding him with an enthusiastic kiss. When we finally came up for air, I pointed out the obvious. “You’re the best.”
“I am. Let’s head back to the house before we get carried away and find ourselves in trouble.”
“How’s that, Captain Peacock?”
“Sometimes you’re too great a temptation, Miz Scarlet. I find you hard to resist.” He tweaked my cheek with thumb and forefinger.
“In that case, I guess it’s a good thing you’ll be sleeping in the library.”
Bur was pulling out of the driveway when we returned, on his way to Tony’s House of Pizza. I found the teenager in the living room with Mr. Hornblower and the Googins girls.
“Shall we set the table, Jenny?”
“Sure.” She followed me into the dining room, marveling at the massive table and its many chairs. At the moment, Mr. Hornblower and Mrs. Blevins were our only guests, so we set the table for eight. Tomorrow afternoon, the Reinharts would need a ride from Bradley International. I’d move Jenny into Lacey’s room, so they could sleep in the Red Oak room.
“And this is the butler’s pantry,” I informed her, as we walked through to the kitchen. “We keep this area for coffee in the morning, snacks for guests, and even wine storage. Just so you know, Jen, I’ll kick your fanny out of this inn if I catch you doing anything illegal. Got it?”
“Got it. How come you never had any kids, Miz Scarlet?”
“Oh,” I shrugged off the question. “Sometimes life gets complicated. Motherhood just wasn’t in the cards for me.”
“Too bad. You would have been a good one,” she decided. “A little bossy, but good.”
Even as my eyes flashed, I realized she was teasing. That big grin on her face said it all.
“So, it’s like that, eh?”
“Uh-huh.”
“Best subject in school,” I demanded.
“Science, followed by English and math.”
“Worst subject.”
“Driver’s ed.”
“Driver’s ed?” I was shocked. She seemed like a fairly competent girl. How did she miss that? I asked.
“My mother couldn’t take me on the road much, so I didn’t get to practice. I never did get my license.”
“Seriously?”
“Seriously.”
I made a mental note to check with an old colleague of mine, Bob Horshak, at the local high school. He was an industrial arts teacher and taught driver’s ed on the side. If Jenny was going to stay with us, she’d need her license, especially if we got her signed up to start nursing school in the fall. Maybe he could tutor her so she could pass the Connecticut MVD test by the end of August. I’d take her out for practice driving after Bob gave me the thumbs-up.
“Can you fill the two pitchers with water, please?” I showed her the ice machine and the wet sink in the butler’s pantry. “And then fill the goblets.”
We all hung out in the living room after dinner, chatting. Mrs. Blevins turned out to be a very funny woman, and she shared stories of her years as a botany professor in the Midwest. Mr. Hornblower was a retired businessman, who had a penchant for gardening, so they discussed the pros and cons of genetic plant engineering. Lacey and Laurel got in on the action when they introduced the subject of the Four Acorns Inn bird garden and asked Hilda to take a look at it and suggest things we could do to improve it.
By nine, my mother was ready to retire, so I accompanied her to her bedroom. She maneuvered her wheelchair into her bathroom. A moment later, I heard the whirring of her battery-operated toothbrush.
Ten minutes passed before she emerged, in floral nightgown, and I helped her into her bed before stowing her wheelchair in the corner.
“Scarlet, there’s something not right about that girl’s story,” my mother confided. I glanced down, unsure of what she meant. “She’s clearly had a loving family.”
“Why do you say that, Mama?” Curious, I handed Laurel the ball and let her run with it.
“When you observe her with other people in conversation, she’s very interested, almost hungry for it. She’s comfortable around adults, like she’s spent a lot of time with them. She doesn’t have that normal teenage desire to get away from the old fogies.”
Time to share a little of Jenny’s story with her. When I got to the part about Stepfather Steve, Laurel grimaced.
“How tragic.” Two words. They summed up the last couple years of Jenny’s life so succinctly. “What are you going to do about it?”
I was reminded of my mother’s earlier comments about the Wilson side of the family being responsible for my feistiness. The truth is the Googins girls never can keep out of other people’s business, even when they know better. Lacey and Laurel always find a way to insert themselves into situations whenever they feel fixing is needed, whether it is welcomed or not.
“Just between us, Kenny is looking into it. He is convinced that Jenny has family and he wants to know why they weren’t at the memorial service.”
“Not at the service? Terrible. Did they know her mother had died?”
“Good question, Mama. Maybe Steve was too busy stealing the family fortune to notify them.”
“She’s a smart girl. She should be in school, Scarlet.” My mother looked up at me expectantly, as I arranged her bedcovers.
“We’re working on that. And I’ve got to see about getting her a driving instructor.”
“Dear lord, don’t tell Lacey that. She’ll insist on taking the girl out on the road and we don’t want the girl to pick up all those bad driving habits!”
My mother has several grandchildren, of whom she is very proud. Lacey, on the other hand, never quite got the requisite number she planned for, and she was likely to adopt Jenny, whether the teenager wanted to be or not. Even as I acknowledged my mother had a point, I smiled. Lacey might just be the ticket for a lonely orphan in need of instant family. Then again, my mother seemed to have already laid claim to the girl as her protector. When it rains, it pours.
As soon as I bid my mother sweet dreams and shut her door, I made my way down the hall to the Red Oak room. Jenny was sitting in the chair, staring down at her Smartphone.
“Busy?” I asked.
“No,” she frowned. “I can’t figure out what to do with my stupid phone. My charger is in my backpack.”
“Where is your backpack?” I wondered.
“I stashed it at that house where Richie took me.”
“Cops probably have it,” I replied. “What kind of charger do you need? Maybe we have one that will work.”
I took her down to the library, where we kept an ancient Mac and a drawer full of abandoned electronic adapters of every make, model, and size. Kenny was sitting on the sofa, waiting for my return, and slightly surprised I brought company with me.
“Jenny needs to charge her phone. She left her backpack in Bay Head. Any chance the cops found her stuff?”
“I’ll call Sarge tomorrow and ask. If it’s there, I’ll pick it up and bring it here on the weekend.”
“Does that mean you’ll be staying with us again, Captain Peacock?” I deposited the box of plugs and adapters on the coffee table before him.
“It just might. Let me see the phone, Jenny. What have you got there?”
“White or red?” I asked, on my way to the butler’s pantry.
“Red,” Kenny replied, busy digging through the pile.
I found an open bottle of Shiraz and poured a couple glasses. On my way back to the library, I found myself thinking about Jenny’s plight. Her mother had died two months ago. Her stepfather made his move after the memorial service. Where had Jenny been in the meantime? How had she survived? I posed the question when I joined the pair a moment later.
“I camped out. I had three hundred dollars in my bank account, so I rented a space for my tent at the campground where my mom and I used to stay up north. But then my money got low. Things were okay for a while. Mr. and Mrs. Mann let me do some odd jobs, to help pay for my tent site. But then one night this guy tried to get fresh. Mr. Mann chased him off, but he said he was worried the guy would cause trouble. Mrs. Mann said I should go stay with family, and when I said I didn’t have any, she suggested friends. That’s when I decided to go see Paula in Pennsylvania.”
“That makes sense.”
“Here you go,” said Captain Peacock, handing her an adapter. “That seems to be working.”
“Oh, goody. Now I can call Jessica.”
“Who’s Jessica?”
“My friend from high school. She’s working at a camp up in Vermont for the summer. I haven’t talked to her in ages!” There was that teenage enthusiasm for the telephone. Alas, it was short-lived. “I have no service!”
“Oh, let me hook you up to our micro cell.” Seven minutes later, the gizmo designed to boost our cell phone signals was operational, but the phone still wouldn’t let Jenny make a call.
“Shall I?” Kenny’s masculine hand reached out and took it. He quickly dialed a number, waited, and then I saw him frown as he listened. “Stepdaddy has apparently cut off your service, Jen.”
“But I’ve had this phone number for three years!”
“Not to worry. We’ll get you hooked up again in no time. We’ll reactivate it tomorrow,” said I, with great confidence. Little did I know it was easier said than done.
“You can do that?”
“We can put it on my service,” I told Kenny. “Was the phone working earlier today?”
“Yeah. I called Zak.” What do you know...the teenager kept in touch with her pals. That was surely a good sign. And yet, none of her friends took her in after the incident with her stepfather? Why not? I had to ask. “Zak’s in Colorado for the summer, at his uncle’s ranch.”
“None of your other friends could put you up after your stepfather got nasty?”
“Mirabelle’s mother kicked me out after two weeks. She said I bummed her out just moping around all the time. And when I stayed with Lally Wheaton, her father got a little weird because he has a new wife. She’s like thirty and kind of bitchy. She didn’t even want Lally around. By then, it was warmer out and I really missed my mom, so I decided to go camping.”
“That’s too bad.”
“While my mom was sick, I didn’t really have all that much time to spend with my friends. I was always taking care of her.”
Of course she was. Poor kid. Small wonder there wasn’t anyone around to look out for the teenager. Everyone probably just assumed she was taken care of by Stevie, the jerk.
“Well, if anyone wants to know why we’re switching your number to my account, it’s because you’re working for me and you need your phone here in Connecticut. We’ll all go early.”
“We have to,” Kenny agreed. “I have to be on the road back to New Jersey first thing. Now, time to hit the hay and get some sleep.”
Captain Peacock was up at the crack of dawn. I made him pancakes and sausage for breakfast. Jenny came down just as he took his first bite, so I made another batch for her. She was eager to get her phone service back. Right after I got Laurel set for her morning with her physical therapist, we all piled into Kenny’s car and headed to the Verizon store in the plaza.
I carefully explained that I wanted to switch Jenny’s phone to my service plan, but the twelve-year-old in charge wasn’t buying it.
“Sorry. No can do,” Trong replied.
“No can do because....”
“The number’s in use elsewhere.”
“Meaning?”
“Meaning someone just bought a new phone with this number and got a brand-new two-year contract.”
“Who in God’s name would do a thing like that?” Exasperated, I felt like slugging that stepfather of hers. Talk about mean-spirited.
“What am I going to do?” She was teary-eyed at the thought of losing touch with all her friends.
“We’ll just have to get you a new phone and a new number.”
“But I need this number...and this phone! How else will my friends know it’s me calling? And how can get in touch with them if I don’t have my address book?”

Chapter Seven --

“Oh, baby!” I groaned, expecting the teen to be tech-savvy. “You have been spending too much time out of the loop! We’ll transfer your contacts to your new phone, so you’ll have every number on it.”
Trong agreed, explaining that he had a device that allowed him to copy everything that was on her current phone, including photos.
“And if you have your friends’ email addresses, we’ll send out an announcement, so they know how to reach you in the future.”
“My mom bought me this phone.” It was such a poignant statement. I looked to Kenny for some wisdom. After all, he understood this kind of loss.
“Tell you what,” he said carefully, glancing at the Verizon clerk. “Why don’t we get you a new phone and then you can keep this one in your memory box?”
“What do you mean? What memory box?”
“You don’t have a memory box, a special place to keep all the things you care about?”
“Do you have one for your wife?”
“Of course I do. And we’ll get you one, for your important memories.”
“I’d like that,” Jenny decided.
“Great. Now the question is which phone and accessories do we get you? What can you show us, Trong?” The Verizon clerk steered them towards the Smartphone display, while I hung back a bit. Wasn’t it interesting that Jenny wasn’t afraid of Kenny? It was like they had that bond between them, both still mourning their losses. Mind you, I know that Captain Peacock is a very trustworthy guy. He was like that even in high school. Still, for a girl who had been burned so badly by relationships, someone somewhere had been her chivalrous protector. Was it her grandfather?
Kenny dropped us off, promising to check on that backpack in Bay Head and to return to us at the weekend. I felt that little flutter of excitement at the news. He and I had been getting together twice a month for the last six months. To have him back in Connecticut in just a few days was an added thrill.
Jenny seemed to settle in quickly, eager to learn the ropes of working at the Four Acorns Inn. I showed her how to prepare a guest room -- changing the sheets, sweeping and vacuuming, and finishing with the bathroom, which was scrubbed and cleaned daily. I showed her the supply closet, where we stored everything right down to the tiny bottles of hair products and body lotions. By three, we were ready for a break.
“In the mood for a hike?” I asked her. I saw a slight hesitation. Too many memories of the past? I added, “The dogs need a good, long walk and when it’s this hot out, we always head for White Oak Hill. It’s almost a mountain.”
That got her attention and interest. We harnessed the pooches and set off. I decided to back off a bit on the questions, and just let her speak her mind as she chose. We headed up the blue trail, over to the pink, where we stopped at the summit to admire the view of Hartford in the distance. It was a clear day, so I pointed out the Heublein Tower in Simsbury.
“It’s really pretty here. It reminds me of my grandparents’ house in Maine. They lived near a mountain. I was really sad when we had to move.”
“I can understand that. Change can be tough.”
“After Grandpa died, Grandma was very sad.” Jenny seemed to be remembering. “Mom got a new job in Burlington, at a hospital there. And then she met a doctor who moved to New Hampshire three years later.”
That explained the male bonding. He must have been a positive influence on Jenny. “Your mom didn’t marry him?”
There I went, spoiling it all, even after I decided to let the girl direct the conversation. Her crestfallen face indicated trouble for the relationship. I wasn’t expecting what came next.
“They were supposed to get married, but he was in the Army reserves. The military sent him to Germany, to work at that big hospital there.”
“Did he come back after your mom was diagnosed with cancer?” A slight shake of the head bespoke the heartache.
“She didn’t want him to know. She said he’d feel like he had to come home and take care of her, and he really should be taking care of the wounded warriors.”
“No one ever told him?”
“No.”
“How sad.” I made a mental note to tell Kenny. Someone really should get in touch with the man. He probably never understood why Vivian Mulroney broke it off with him, and it would be healing to know the truth. At least I hoped it would.
“That’s when Steve came along.” Oh, is there anything sadder than a soldier getting a “Dear John” letter while stationed overseas, I thought to myself. And then I decided there was. Marrying Steve after saying farewell to a good man who loved her. What might have happened if Jenny’s mother had been honest with her doctor boyfriend? Would Jenny have had a decent stepfather to look after her? The decisions we make in life so often have ramifications and rewards. All the more reason to choose wisely, I reminded myself.
We headed back down on the yellow trail, winding up at the back of the property. As I led her through the woods and into the yard, I pointed out the blueberry bushes, raspberry canes, and vegetable garden.
“Is it organic?” she wanted to know. “Pesticides can kill you. That’s probably how my mother got cancer.”
“Cancer is over two hundred different diseases, Jen. Many of them have roots in your genes, and those genes get passed down through the generations. The environment can have an impact, but it’s not really likely that the cancer only happened because your mother didn’t eat organic fruits and vegetables.”
“Does that mean I’m going to get cancer?” Nice going, Miz Scarlet. Now you’ve really done it.
“That’s not at all what it means. Your mom got sick because she got sick. Sometimes there’s a predisposition to a particular disease in your family, so you take steps to make sure you’re not encouraging problems. For example, my dad had heart disease. We didn’t know it until after he died. Later, we found out his father had a massive heart attack when he was 58. This allowed us to tell our family doctor we’re at risk, so he keeps an eye on us, for signs that we might be getting symptoms of heart disease.”
“Don’t you worry that you’ll just keel over someday?”
“Once in a blue moon. But then I remind myself that I am careful to eat healthy foods, I get plenty of exercise, and I watch my weight.”
“Oh.”
“And to answer your question on organics, there are some things I do in the garden to keep the fruits and veggies healthier to eat. I don’t normally use pesticides or insecticides unless I have no other choice, and when I do spray, I’m very careful not to do it when I will be harvesting any produce.”
“Does that mean I can eat the blueberries off the bush?”
“Knock yourself out, kiddo.”
“Awesome. Can I pick some and make a fruit smoothie?”
“Absolutely.”
“My mom loved smoothies. They were her favorite treat.”
We walked back to the house along the winding garden path, Jenny nibbling on the handful of berries she grabbed as we passed the bushes. January caught the scent of something under the garden bench and wanted to dig.
“What’s she doing?” the teen wanted to know.
“Best guess? Chipmunk or mouse.” Huckleberry caught the same scent and scooted into the bushes in pursuit. “He’s a trained ratter. Yorkies were bred to go into tunnels for rodents.”
“No way! That cute little puppy?”
“It’s in his genes,” I laughed.
Hilda Blevins was in the living room, watching Dr. Oz discuss the intricacies of the bowels in great detail, when we passed by. She hailed us with a request.
“Any chance I could get something to drink? Water, soda....”
“Ice tea?”
“That would be lovely. And if you could put it in a plastic cup, rather than a glass, I would appreciate it.” I saw that trembling hand and knew exactly what she meant.
“Jen will be right back with it.”
In the kitchen, I grabbed a tall blue tumbler and filled it with ice and tea, added a lemon wedge, and popped on a lid with a built-in straw. The girl took it from me and smiled.
“That’s a good idea, Scarlet. She doesn’t have to worry about spilling anything.”
“No, she doesn’t. Would you like a glass of something?” I got down a matching tumbler.
“I get it. If I have my own drink, she won’t think you’re using this because her hands shake. Clever.”
“You’re going to make a good nurse, Jenny.”
“I hope so.”
“I know so.”
As the days passed, we settled into a routine. Mornings we spent cleaning the inn. Just before lunch, we headed to the third floor, to tackle the new bedroom for the teen. Two coats of lavender paint and some colorful fabric shades cheered up the space nicely. We painted the antique pine floors and added a thick, shag rug. In the afternoons, I tutored students and Jenny took driving lessons. We often went hiking around three, and when we returned, she helped me in the kitchen while I prepared dinner for the inn guests and the Googins girls. At night, she gravitated to the living room, where the adults played Scrabble, watched TV, or chatted.
For some reason, she took a liking to Bur. Maybe it was that he teased her. Maybe it was because he reminded her of someone. Maybe it was because she didn’t have a sibling and thought it was hilarious that we still went at it, even at our advanced ages. The truth came out the day we finally got a new mattress for the bed we found at a yard sale. Bur was helping us move the furniture around in her new room.
“What time you want to hit the road today, squirt?”
“Can we do it in an hour?”
“Sure. Fine with me.”
“Hit the road?” I looked at the pair of them, surprised. “Where are you two going?”
“Practice time,” my brother announced.
“Bur takes me driving,” she explained. No wonder she tolerated him. She wanted that license.
“How did that happen?” I asked. It’s not like my brother is known for being kind to children or animals, at least not normally.
“Lacey offered,” said Bur, “and I told her that she didn’t have the right car insurance for that. She wanted to know what it would take to get the girl behind the wheel and I said I’d take her in the Focus.”
“Where was I when all this was going on?”
“Teaching.” Of course. Wouldn’t you know that my brother would take my car and let a teenager wreak havoc on the road while I was otherwise engaged? This is why we shortened his nickname from Colonel Grey Poupon to just Poup. Sometimes he was just a royal stinker.
“Very clever, colonel. When did you intend to tell me?”
One look at Jen and I could see she was nervous. “It’s my fault, Scarlet. I asked him to keep it a secret. I wanted to surprise you by getting my license.”
“Really?”
“Really.” No one had ever thought to do something like that before. Made me think there was more to it than that. “Did you fail the first time around?”
“How did you know?”
“Tell you what. You and Bur keep doing what you’re doing. And when you do get your license, we’ll all celebrate. How does that sound?”
“Aw, great.” There was that big grin. It broke the tight tension around her eyes and made her look like a kid again.
Of course, in the meantime, it meant she had to be driven everywhere, or rather escorted. We were headed out to the grocery store one morning, in my Ford Focus mind you, and on impulse I tossed her the keys.
“Oh, I couldn’t!”
“Because....”
“Um, ah...well, I guess I could.”
After that, she took it for granted that I would let her drive everywhere we went, and for the first time in my life, I had to trust a teenager not to get me killed. Was this what every parent went through? Lucky for me she was a pretty good driver, once she let go of all that anxiety.
The last days of July turned into August, and Kenny suggested we take another trip, this time with Jenny in tow.
“Where?” I asked.
“New Hampshire. We have a court date.”
“We do?”
“Oh, yeah. It turns out that at the time Stevie took over the house from Jenny’s mother, he had already had her declared non compos mentis, because the cancer had spread to her brain. In fact, when he married her, she was barely able to communicate, let alone make rational decisions.”
“You’re saying the guy stole the house out from under Jenny and her mother?”
“I’m saying Stevie is a cheese weasel who took advantage of a dying woman and robbed the daughter. John Vignone, the lawyer up in Salem, has decided to challenge the probate claim and file a lawsuit against Stevie to recover the house, the car, and even a savings account that was supposed to help pay for Jenny’s college expenses.”
“Captain Peacock, you’re the best!”
“I am. And you can kiss me now, fair lady!”
We stayed at a Holiday Inn near Salem. Jenny, Kenny, and I showed up in court with the New Hampshire attorney hired for the hearing by Gayle Fulsom, Bur’s legal friend at the Hartford office of Winnow, Smith, Quinlan. Within an hour’s time, John Vignone had presented the medical records of Vivian Lorraine Mulroney. Any sensible person could see Vivian was in no shape to make decisions about her own future when Steve was transferring all of her property into his own name.
It also turned out that Vivian’s boyfriend, Dr. Jason Smith, was back in New Hampshire, and he was a great witness, telling the judge about the lengthy discussions he had had with Vivian about Jenny’s future. It turned out that he was the one who advised her to put more money each month into the college fund. The reunion between teen and mother’s lover was bittersweet. They had both loved Vivian and both lost her. Jason was now married, with a child on the way. He seemed at a loss as to what to do about the young woman he had once considered adopting.
Three of Jenny’s high school teachers provided testimony on Vivian’s conversations during parent-teacher conferences, her interest in sending Jenny to college, and even Jenny’s consistently good schoolwork. Kenny had first contacted them when he ran a background check on Jenny, and he was impressed with what they had to say about her. The judge was equally impressed.
Kenny also managed to track down Vivian’s relatives, who had, it seems, been told that she moved without leaving a forwarding address, right after Steve transferred the property into his own name following the marriage. They testified their cards and letters had been returned to them as undeliverable, and their phone calls rebuffed, all part of Steve’s plan to make Vivian and her daughter disappear from public view. Before the distant cousins left the judge’s chambers, they made sure Jenny knew of their desire to remain in touch and even invited her to visit whenever she felt inclined.
But best of all? With medical charts and scans in hand, the oncologist detailed Vivian’s illness for the probate judge. Jenny looked stricken as the doctor pointed out the locations of each of the tumors and explained the erratic behavior of his patient over the last few months of her life. Listening, my heart ached for the teen. She had been the one at her mother’s bedside during those long months, not Steve.
The final nail in the wicked stepfather’s legal coffin was hammered in by the three visiting nurses, who had provided the hospice care to Vivian. They swore that Jenny was the one who changed her mother’s adult diapers, tended to her personal hygiene, and even spoon-fed her when she was too weak to feed herself.
“I’ll make my ruling after I have reviewed all of the material,” said the probate judge. “But first I would like to consult with the district attorney and the Pelham Police Department about criminal charges in this matter.”

Chapter Eight --

Steve bristled at that, his bitterness clear. It seems he had already put the house on the market, planning to move to Florida, but the probate judge put a stop to that. “You will, in the meantime, vacate the property until this case is decided. I will have a sheriff accompany you now to retrieve your belongings. And if Jennifer would like to go to the house and also collect her belongings, she can do so.”
“What?” Steve seemed rather baffled by how things were turning out. His attorney was more than a little stunned. It seemed that his client had been less than truthful with him. “She can’t go there!”
“Why not?” the judge demanded.
“It’s not her house!”
“I’ll decide whose house it is. Make arrangements with the sheriff’s office to go into the home and take what is yours, Jennifer. I’ll determine ownership of your mother’s belongings when I’ve had a chance to go through all the records.”
“You can’t do that!” Steve screamed at the probate judge, even as his own lawyer admonished him. Turns out Steve had moved his long-time girlfriend in the day after Jenny moved out. That was the game he played on an unwitting, vulnerable teenager.
Kenny and I drove Jenny to her mother’s house, accompanied by a sheriff and three deputies, who were expecting trouble from Steve’s girlfriend. It turned out that she worked at the hospital and had tipped him off to Vivian’s deteriorating health. It was a deliberate con from the start.
Kathy answered the doorbell, and when she saw all the uniforms standing there, she had a meltdown. All of Jenny and Vivian’s possessions had been moved to the one-car garage at the back of the property, at least that’s what she claimed. No one was buying that. There were boxes in the basement, a few in the attic.
The trip to that one-car garage yielded a treasure trove for the teenager, including family albums, framed photos, and even her mother’s costume jewelry. The sheriff informed Kathy that she would have to surrender Vivian’s jewelry, so that the judge could decide ownership. The items included Jenny’s grandmother’s pearls.
When someone asked Steve’s girlfriend why the couple held onto everything, she told him Steve was worried Jenny would come back and challenge his right to the house. As soon as the happy couple were packed up and the house was sold, Steve planned to hire a company to take Jenny and Vivian’s belongings to the dump. That was supposed to be the end of it.
The trip back to Cheswick was subdued. No doubt Jenny was thinking things over. She hadn’t realized that her relatives had been misled. The big question at the probate hearing had been how did Steve pull off such a scam? Sadly, we learned the answer while we were sitting with the lawyer over lunch. It turned out to be fairly easy for him. Chasing relatives and friends away from the home meant Steve could manipulate her finances and property. The papers, signed in a tentative hand, were dubious at best. In two instances, John Vignone uncovered misspellings of Vivian’s own name, suggesting she was mentally challenged by the cancer that was consuming her body, and therefore not in her right mind, or Steve forged the paperwork.
The Googins girls were horrified to learn the details upon our return. They went out of their way to nurture Jenny, fussing over her like she was a twelve-year-old. I thought about stepping in, but when I saw how hungry the teen was for that attention, I decided to let the ladies have their way. After all, Jenny had found out some shocking information in the course of the probate hearing, and she needed time to adjust.
Kenny took off right after dinner, claiming he had to be at work early in the morning. As I walked him to his car, Jenny hurried out after us.
“Wait!” Her face was tense as we turned toward her. “I just...I just wanted to thank you for...everything.”
She was clutching the framed photo of her mother, the one we found in the bottom of a box of clothes at the back of the garage. Kenny scooped her up in a bear hug.
“Not every guy’s a bastard. Just remember that.”
“I will, Captain Peacock,” she smiled up at the man. I had to laugh at her use of Kenny’s nickname. Jenny was becoming part of the Four Acorns family.
When Bur found out what had happened up in New Hampshire, he speculated on the possible outcome. He was full of advice for the teen and even wanted to discuss how she should invest her inheritance and manage her money portfolio.
“You have enough to get you through school if you conserve it,” he insisted. “Always remember money doesn’t grow on trees, so spend it wisely and make it work for you.”
“How about we cross that bridge when the probate judge makes his decision?” I suggested. “We can’t actually count those chickens quite yet. You never know what will happen between now and when the judge issues his final decision.”
I was feeling very confident that Jenny’s life was back on track, and it would be smooth sailing from that point on, but secrets have a way of biting you in the ass or kissing you on the cheek. It’s hard to know the kind of greeting you’ll get from them until they’re standing right in front of you.
The first clue that things were going south came when Kenny called me on Wednesday, just after breakfast. We normally spoke after dinner.
“Hey,” he said, his voice sounding tight. “Got a minute?”
“What’s wrong?”
“Is Jenny there?”
“No, she’s upstairs, making beds. Let me call....”
“Don’t. I need to tell you something and I don’t want her to know about it till we get it straightened out.”
“Oh, okay.” I was cleaning the dining room, hanging around while Laurel was out on the porch, getting a workout with her physical therapist, just in case they needed me. I stepped into the kitchen for a little privacy, sat myself at the counter, and waited for that other shoe to drop. “I’m all ears.”
“Jenny is not Vivian’s daughter.”
“Excuse me?”
“Jenny’s mother was Vivian’s younger sister.”
“No!”
“That’s not the least of it, Scar. A copy of Jenny’s birth certificate was found in a box recovered by the sheriff’s department.”
 “Why do I think there’s more news?”
“Because there is more. On that birth certificate is the name of Jenny’s father.”
“That’s good, isn’t it?”
“Let’s hope so. I’m calling you now, Scarlet, because I want you to start thinking about how we’re going to break the news to Jenny. She can’t get her driver’s license without a birth certificate and she’s just about ready to take the test.”
“We’ll handle it,” I decided. “Do you think you can find her real mother?”
“Already have. Remember how Jenny said she was born in Boston? She was. Her mother died when she was two weeks old. Vivian collected her after her mother took an overdose and brought her up to Maine.”
“Crap. That stinks. Why did she do it?”
“There were a few more papers in that box. As best I can tell, Jenny’s father went out to California to see his family. Maybe he was planning to tell them he had a wife and child. I don’t think he had the chance. The bus he was on flipped over and he was one of three people who died.”
“Dear Lord,” I sighed. “What a mess.”
“Indeed.”
“Poor kid. Father dead, mother dead, aunt dead, grandparents dead. She’s really an orphan.”
“Not quite, Miz Scarlet.”
“No?”
“Her father’s parents are still alive out in California.”
“They are?” A little piece of me flickered inside, hope springing eternal. Was it possible this could all turn around? “Do you think they might want to meet Jenny?”
“Honestly?” He paused. “I don’t know. It’s complicated. Maybe their son had the chance to tell them and they don’t want anything to do with Jenny. Maybe they have no clue they even have a granddaughter. I won’t know until I have a chance to talk with them. The bad news is that Steve might actually have more of a leg to stand on now that we know Vivian wasn’t Jenny’s real mother. At least now he can’t totally blind-side us in court.”
“But surely the basic facts of the case still remain, Kenny. Vivian still wasn’t of sound mind when she married him, and that shouldn’t change the fact that she set aside money for Jenny’s education. Jenny’s still a relative.”
“The thing is Steve is claiming that Vivian changed her will after he married her. The case isn’t cut and dried any more.”
“Damn.” I thought long and hard about it. In my book, nothing had really changed. I still planned to help Jenny get through college. It might take a little longer, but it was doable.
“Babe, I’ve got to go. I’ll be up this weekend and we’ll sit down with her and go over things.”
“Okay.” It was hard to keep the disappointment out of my voice. Kenny picked up on it immediately.
“Scarlet, don’t worry. We’ll figure this thing out. We made a promise to her and we’re going to keep it. Bye.”
“Bye.” We made a promise to her and we’re going to keep it. That almost sounded like a commitment. It did, didn’t it?
“What’s up?” said a voice behind me. I jumped at the unexpected sound of Jenny’s arrival, as she came through the butler’s pantry. For a moment, I studied her. She had changed so much in the last few weeks. It was now the middle of August. Next week, we would sign her up for her first college class. She’d take the SATs when she was ready to matriculate. Already far more confident, her hair was cut short, in a spiky little pixie cut, slightly tom boyish. She wore shorts and a sleeveless tee shirt. She had put on five pounds and it looked good on her.
“Nothing much.” I forced a smile onto my face and turned to get busy with the bread for sandwiches. “Tennis lesson this morning?”
“Yup. And then I’m going out for lunch with Meanie.”
“Meanie? Who’s Meanie?”
“That’s just his nickname. They call him Amino Acid, because he’s studying biochemistry. He’s one of the tennis instructors.”
“Wow, a tennis player who’s going to be a scientist? Grab him up!” She laughed as I said that.
“He’s kind of geeky,” she acknowledged. “And a little shy.”
“In other words, he’s a nice guy.”
“Mmm....”
“I’m glad. Go have fun.”
Bur wandered into the kitchen just before noon. He was looking for Laurel because he lost a button on his shirt and needed it sewn on.
“She’s finishing her physical therapy session on the porch.”
“I’ll just wait.”
I was about to say something to him about Jenny when Huck and January started making a ruckus in the front hall. Bur and I hurried out to the hallway in time to see the teenager desperately trying to shut the front door on a hand.
“What in God’s name is going on?” I demanded. The look on Jenny’s face gave me the answer. She was terrified of whoever was on the other side of that door. Bur moved fast, pulled the girl out of the way, and yanked open the door.
“What the f-f-f...” Bur was stunned by what he found. A masked man burst through the door, knife in hand, and reached for Jenny. It happened so fast, my brother just stood there, unable to fathom what he saw.
“Don’t you dare!” I screamed. “Don’t you freaking dare!”
I had already picked up the golf club Bur left in the corner by the door, and I was ready to swing at the masked man’s head. For a moment, he seemed to hesitate, but something almost imperceptible changed in his eyes. What was it? Ah, he knew I really would clobber him with the club.
“Leave!” I bellowed, my voice guttural, gritty. “Get out of this house right now!”
Even as I said those words, I could hear a siren fast approaching. Bur moved forward, extending his hand to Jenny, who gratefully took it with a whimper, even as he pulled her hard in his direction, away from the intruder’s reach. She stumbled, nearly losing her footing. Now I had a clear path to swing at the knife-wielding miscreant, and it was enough to make him run. Following him to the front door, the three of us stood open-mouthed as the man in black headed down the lane, towards a black sedan parked in the distance. As he got behind the wheel and started the engine, I noticed the right tail light was broken. With any luck, the cops would pull him over for trying to snatch Jenny. And if not, maybe they’d get him for that traffic violation. I made a mental note to let the cops know about it.
Two police cruisers arrived almost simultaneously. Bur rushed out to the driveway to spit out the details. I grabbed Jenny and held her trembling body in my arms. As I did, I saw Laurel wheel herself into the foyer. Her face was troubled, pale, and her lips were firmly set in a grimace.
“What in God’s name was that all about?” she demanded. “Who in heaven’s name was that? And what did he want with our Jenny?” Our Jenny.
My mother was mad. Spitting mad. Next thing I knew, she held out her arms to the teenager and the girl flew across the room, flinging herself in my mother’s lap with a sob of pure misery.
For one teeny little moment, I felt a pang of jealousy as my mother comforted the motherless child. And then I realized something about Laurel Googins that I had never understood before -- she was fiercely protective of this waif, this orphan who had found her way to our doorstep. She already thought of Jenny as the granddaughter I had never given her, and nobody messes with Laurel’s peeps. Lord help you if you try. My mother might be wheelchair-bound, but she wasn’t going to let that stop her from mowing down anyone who posed a threat to someone she loves. That motorized scooter of hers has some power and a determined driver behind the hand gears.
It turned out that Laurel had just bid her physical therapist, Lori, farewell when she spied the masked man creeping through the bushes at the front of the house and dialed 911 on her cell phone. The police dispatcher warned her to stay in the library until the police arrived.
“Thank you, thank you, thank you,” Jenny cried, kneeling on the floor before my mother.
“Oh, child!” exclaimed the fearless Googins girl, patting the trembling shoulder kindly. “There’s nothing to thank me for -- you would have done the same thing in my shoes.”
It was true. Jenny would have. I think it helped her to realize the truth of that statement.
I caught Kenny at the office a short time later and filled him in. “Aw, geez. Not good.”
“No kidding.”
“No, I mean not good, Scarlet. The New York cops just obtained a search warrant and served it on the assistant manager of the jewelry store that was robbed. He was the inside man.”
“That’s good, isn’t it?”
“Sort of. He only knew two of the guys, one of whom was Richie.”
“Two is better than one.”
“Except the assistant manager was just found dead in his jail cell at Rikers Island. Apparently, he mouthed off to another inmate and got himself strangled. The cops are trying to put together the clues so they can round up the second guy. Let’s hope that goes well.”

Chapter Nine --

“When it rains, it pours,” I responded. It was true. The way things were looking, we were going to need a really big umbrella.
“Listen, I’m coming up there. In the meantime, keep Jenny home. Don’t let her out of your sight. Maybe you should give Larry a call.”
“I might just do that,” I agreed. “Drive safely. Get here in one piece.”
Larry was a homicide detective I met when a couple of inn guests were murdered a couple of months ago. They were only at the Four Acorns Inn as part of a plot to ruin Bur and me. I had no way of knowing that the secret affair I had with an eco-terrorist was less about love and all about hate for the Googins family history. It turned out the guy was a serious tree-hugger, who took exception to our family involvement in the forestry business. His own secret was well buried with the skeletons of his long-dead relatives. When Larry showed up with some of her colleagues to investigate, we ended up being friends. Named after her father, she was all business on the job and didn’t take any crap from anyone, male or female, but off the job, she was a hoot. She could also drink me under the table on our girls’ nights out.
She picked up the phone on the second ring, and I heard that dry chuckle in my ear. “Well, well. What did the cat drag in this time? I haven’t heard from Miz Scarlet in some time. You must be in trouble, girl.”
Larry can be very accurate, even when she isn’t trying. I heaved a great sigh.
“Oh, come on! You can’t be serious. What did you do this time?” she demanded. I gave her the short version. “Damn. It sounds like you picked a kid just like you! Do you have any idea how many cases I’m working on right now?”
“Yeah, but at least with this one, you don’t have a stiff yet,” I shot back. I heard a moment of silence, followed by a very loud belly laugh.
“Give me half an hour. And you damn well better feed me something good for lunch, Miz Scarlet.”
“Lobster? Filet mignon?” I offered.
“Anything but tuna. That stuff is nasty!”
Bur was relieved when I told him Larry was on her way. I think part of that was due to the fact that Larry really is gorgeous -- coal black ringlets that shine, skin the color of café au lait, and a very lean, well-shaped body that she hones at the local gym. My brother has a thing for good-looking women, but most of all he loves a challenge. Larry had his number the first time she met him, and she keeps him on his toes, totally immune to his charm. She earned his respect by the way she handled things on the case of the imposing imposter. Most of her fellow Connecticut state troopers call her a cop’s cop. When she digs in, and narrows down the list of possible suspects, she doesn’t stop until she corners the guilty guy. Grown men fear her, even the men on her team. She deliberately carries only hot pink Bics with her, not because she’s a girly girl. She says it’s the only way she can be sure they will keep their grubby paws off her pens.
Bur and Laurel kept Jenny company in the living room, watching “The Price Is Right” while I made lunch. Lacey was off for the day with her latest conquest, Raphael Rodriguez, who insisted on taking her to an authentic meal at Cuba Libré, owned by one of his buddies. Two of our guests, Ms. Bagdadi and Mrs. Werther, had left early in the morning for the Connecticut Shore, to take in the exhibits at the Florence Griswold Museum in Old Lyme. They weren’t expected back until dinner time. Lucille Wymans, retired elementary school music teacher, was at a luncheon reception with former classmates from the Hartt School of Music. Eric Plouffe was at a meeting in Hartford. With the guests all safely out of the way, I was hoping we could wrap this case up quickly, before there was any more nonsense.
Larry arrived just after the chicken came off the range top grill. I let the meat rest while I answered the door. Dressed in a pair of soft lime green slacks, a white linen jacket, a turquoise silk tank top, and sandals in turquoise snakeskin leather, she looked like the Caribbean equivalent of a hot female cop. I caught a whiff of “Romance” as I leaned in for a hug and a double-cheek air kiss. Ralph Lauren eau de parfum, recently applied.
“New boyfriend,” I decided drolly. She slyly evaded eye contact, so I knew I hit pay dirt.
“No time today, sister. Now, where’s the wild child?” she asked, quickly changing the subject. He must be a keeper if she wasn’t talking.
“In the living room.”
I made the introductions, explaining to Jenny that Larry was considered a family friend and was stopping by for lunch, and then I excused myself to head out to the kitchen, arriving just in time. Scrub Oak was pacing round and round in tight circles just below the grilled chicken. I shooed the cat away, only to find two hungry dogs under foot. Slicing the meat, I arranged it on top of baby field greens, added some shredded cheddar cheese, cherry tomatoes, shredded carrots, cucumber slices, and avocado. I pulled out some ciabatta bread, sliced it thinly with a serrated knife, buttered each piece, and plated the final result. When everything was on the table, I called the gang to the dining room.
“Oh, my favorite,” said Larry, eyeing the meal with the enthusiasm of a dedicated foodie. “You have any of that Champagne vinaigrette?”
“I do.”
We chatted as we ate, avoiding the big subject. I watched Larry watch Jenny, and I knew she was trying to get a handle on the teenager. By the time I brought out the fruit salad and raspberry sherbet, the homicide investigator was rather quiet. That usually meant she had something on her mind and she was seeking an opening in the wall she wanted to bring tumbling down.
Laurel and Bur excused themselves. Bur had work to do back in his office in the carriage house and my mother had calls to make as chairwoman of the White Oak Hill Park Conservation Society. Larry, Jenny and I stayed at the table, and I poured another round of coffee. That’s when Larry made her move, pouncing faster than a conniving jaguar on an unsuspecting gazelle.
“How long are you going to keep lying to Miz Scarlet here?” Those dark eyes lit on the teenager and stayed put.
“What?” For one moment, she looked rather stunned and the next, her face went white. Jenny looked like she was going to throw up. The state trooper moved in for the kill.
“You’re keeping secrets from her.”
“I...I....” She looked at me, then back at Larry, and once more at me. “Um....”
“Jenny, we can’t help you if we don’t know the truth,” I said gently. Larry had no problem with me playing good cop. She slapped her hand on the table for emphasis.
“I want the whole truth, girlie!”
“I...I...but....”
“Jenny,” I tried again, “we need to know. That man didn’t just happen to come here today. He was here because of you.”
“Oh, you’re going to be so mad at me!” That started the waterworks. Larry wasn’t having any of it. She leaned in, her face just inches from Jenny’s, and practically spit out the words.
“We can do this here, or we can go down to the station and get it done there. What’s it going to be?”
“I’m so sorry, Scarlet,” she sobbed. “I didn’t mean to lie to you. It’s just that you said I shouldn’t hold anything back, but I did, and then you said you didn’t want me to do anything illegal, but I already had, so I just didn’t tell you because I knew you’d be mad.”
“What the hell is she babbling about?” Larry snarled.
“I don’t have a clue,” I admitted. As the investigator moved in again, I reached past her, grabbed Jenny by the hands, and pulled her towards me. And then, when I was sure I had her complete attention, I spoke as softly as I could. The sobbing girl stopped long enough to listen to me. “I can’t help you if you don’t tell me what’s going on.”
“You know that soap?”
“Yes,” I nodded.
“I have four more bars of it.”
“Holy mother of pearl!” I howled. “You’ve got to be kidding me!”
“What is she talking about?” said the irate woman sitting at my side. “This is about soap?”
“There are uncut diamonds embedded in the soap, Larry, from an unsolved jewelry heist in New York City.”
“Oh, looks like I’m really going to clean up on this case, if you’ll pardon the pun. Let’s go get that soap. It’s rub-a-dub-dub time.”
“Um....”
“Crap, are you going to tell me you lost it?” she growled, glaring at the teenager.
“Oh, no. I’ve got the soap. I swear!”
“Then what?” The state trooper’s patience with the teenager was wearing thin.
“You know that laptop I told you about?” Even as Jenny asked the question, my heart was dropping into my stomach. Hello, heartburn. “I tossed it in the bushes back in Bay Head, but first I made a copy of the files on a USB stick.”
“You copied Richie’s computer files?” My mind raced over the implications. She had the information. That, and the diamonds, might be what the masked man was after, and he was willing to kill to get them. Jenny’s eyes grew big, filled with tears, and she pulled her bottom lip into her mouth, the teenage equivalent of thumb-sucking, no doubt.
“Who’s Richie?” Larry wanted to know.
“The dead guy who washed up on the Jersey Shore.”
“I’m guessing someone whacked him.” That’s the trouble with homicide cops. They can usually smell a murder a mile away.
“You’re guessing right,” I admitted. Jenny’s eyes never left my face. She was terrified. “Do you still have the USB stick?”
“Yes.” Tiny voice, like she wanted to disappear under the table until the adults weren’t mad any more.
“Jenny,” I said softly, kindly, “I’m not kicking you out.”
“But you said....”
“I understand why you did what you did. Is there anything else you haven’t told us?”
“Um, no.” She made eye contact, but then looked away. I was pretty sure she was mostly telling the truth. As sure as you can be with teenage orphans who are afraid their lives are completely spinning out of control.
“Let’s go get that stuff, so Larry can check it all out.”
“Is she going to arrest me?”
“Larry?” I chuckled softly and shook my head. “I didn’t invite her here to grill you, kiddo. I invited her here to keep us company until Kenny could get here, just in case that guy came back.”
“But if you lie to me again,” Larry warned, “I might just throw you in a holding cell until you come to your senses.”
Jenny quivered like a five-year-old who got caught taking an extra lollipop from the candy jar, and suddenly Larry reached over and patted her on the knees. “Buck up, kid. Take a breath. You’re going to be fine. Now, show Auntie Larry the goodies. I’m dying to see these diamonds of yours. Never seen uncut diamonds.”
“Pretty rocks,” I assured her. “Worth a small fortune.”
There were four more bars of organic soap, but they weren’t all purple. One was pink, one was green, and one was almost indigo.
“Who ever heard of dark soap?” Larry asked. “I mean, I get the purple and the green. At least you can sort of see through them. But indigo? Most people will feel dirty washing with such a colorful bar.”
She had a point, I thought to myself. It did seem unusual. We were up in my sitting room, the three of us. I grabbed that midnight blue soap and went to the window. Holding it up to the light, I thought I saw a glimmer of something shiny, a tiny flicker of sunlight through the bar.
“Hold on,” I sighed. “I think these are cut stones.”
“Let me see.” Larry took it from me to examine. Her eyes narrowed as she turned it back and forth in the light, and then they grew wide. “Well, slap my ass and call me Fanny! Who’d a thunk it?”
“What?” Now Jenny was interested in having a peek. “Wow!”
“Give me that green one,” the homicide investigator directed me. I placed it in her hand. “See here? Check this out, Miz Scarlet. Is that an emerald? Looks like about two carats, cut.”
“It means they weren’t just embedding the uncut stones in the soap. Were there other robberies?”
“Must have been. If I had to guess, I’d say these four bars of soap are easily worth more than forty grand.”
“And Jenny had a full backpack of them.”
“Richie said he and his friends were going to really clean up nicely.” That came from the peanut gallery, and Larry and I immediately turned our attention to the teen. “It would make the gift business a real success.”
“What gift business?”
“They were going to sell them in baskets with other items. You know, like lotions, hand creams....”
“I thought you told Sarge everything,” I said with a voice that dripped disappointment all over the girl.
“But I couldn’t, could I? If I had, I’d have had to tell him about these bars.” Excuses, excuses.
“Sarge only thinks the uncut stones are in the purple bars,” I informed Larry. “He’s going to be royally pissed when he finds out.”
“You know, Miz Scarlet, it’s pretty significant that the masked man tried to enter the Four Acorns Inn. That tells me these stones are worth a pretty penny. But he came in the daytime. Why?”
“I don’t follow you.”
“Why not sneak in at night, when everyone is sleeping? Most jewel thieves are not violent, and normally, they operate as lone wolves or with a single partner, and maybe a source of information.”
“Okay. What’s your point?”
“These guys are either not experienced jewel thieves or they’re up to some other game.”
“I’d guess not experienced jewel thieves. Richie was the muscle. Jenny stole his laptop, trying to get him to pay her,” I explained. Larry turned and studied the teenager a moment before she leaned forward, balancing her fanny on the edge of the sofa.
“Give me the blow-by-blow of what went down when you took that laptop.”
“Richie said he’d kill me if I didn’t give it back.”
“How did he even know you had it?” she shot back. Jenny’s eyes grew wide as she wracked her brain for an answer and came up with one that surprised her.
“I don’t know, because he didn’t see me take it.”

Chapter Ten --

“Was it turned on when you picked it up?”
“No.”
“Tell me about the house he took you to in New Jersey.”
“I don’t know what you want me to say. It was big. And the inside was all torn up. There weren’t any walls.”
“Why take the girl there? Why not just take the soap from her?” Larry was talking to herself, thinking aloud. “Where did he pick you up?”
“At the train station in Bay Head. I hitched a ride because I had my dog with me and the Greyhound driver wouldn’t let me on the bus.”
“You’re lying,” the state trooper announced.
“No, I’m not! I had my dog with me and the driver wouldn’t let me bring Mozzie!”
“She’s lying, Miz Scarlet.”
“I am not!”
“Are too!” Larry shot back.
“Wait a minute,” I said, standing up. I needed to pace as I thought this through. “You told us that you were dropped at the train station in Bay Head because you missed your stop. Then you said you were taken to this house by Richie. But why would Richie even know about the house in Bay Head if he was in Point Pleasant, waiting for you to arrive? I think you were at the house in Bay Head and you called Richie to meet you there.”
“But....”
“I think you stole that laptop in Point Pleasant, brought it to that house in Bay Head, and downloaded the files there. Why, Jenny?” Hands on my hips, I faced the girl on the sofa, waiting for her reply.
“That’s where there was supposed to be more soap. I thought I could take some and sell it, to get gas money to get to Pennsylvania.”
“Who was with you?” Larry demanded. Jenny cringed.
“Bobby, a kid from Ohio, who had a car. I met him and his friends at the campground in New Hampshire. He drove me to Point Pleasant, to the meeting. When Richie found out I didn’t take the bus, he was really pissed. He started counting the bars of soap, and when there were five missing, he went after me. Bobby got out of the car, to make him stop beating me, and that’s when Mozzie started barking. Richie wanted Mozzie to shut up, so he slit his throat. And then,” she sobbed, “he tried to kill Bobby, too, the same way.”
“So you took the laptop to make him stop?” I asked as gently as I could, knowing she was already miserable about what she had witnessed. She nodded. “What happened next?”
“I told him that if he ever wanted to see the laptop again, he had to leave us alone. I swear I didn’t know there were jewels in the bars of soap!”
“And you promised Bobby you wouldn’t tell anyone he was with you because he’d get in trouble.”
“He’s got a full scholarship to Ohio Wesleyan, and if he gets into trouble, he loses it.”
“This girl is a terrible liar, Miz Scarlet.”
“No kidding,” I sighed. I sat down on the sofa next to Jenny, leaned back, and closed my eyes. I was still missing something. “You broke into that house with Bobby after you stole that laptop. You said you threw the laptop into the bushes outside. In Point Pleasant or in Bay Head?”
“Bay Head.”
“How come Richie killed the dog in Point Pleasant?” I wondered. “Is this what you told the state troopers? Where was the dog’s body?” Something smelled very fishy.
“Am I missing something here?” Larry demanded.
“Jenny was covered in blood the first time I met her. She told me Richie killed her dog.”
“Man, when she digs herself into that hole, she digs herself into that hole!”
“Meaning?” Now I directed the conversation to my friend, mostly because I was furious that Jenny had the audacity to continue lying to me. But even as my head was spinning, I kept thinking there had to be a logical explanation for her really bad behavior. Larry summed it all up in a neat little package.
“She’s building a lie upon a lie upon a lie, one right after the other. Pull out one, and the rest all crumble.”
“That’s it!” I cried. “Bobby didn’t give her a ride because he was a nice kid. He was the kid who was supposed to transport the soap. He let Jenny and the dog go along for the ride because Jenny wanted to go see her mother’s best friend in Pennsylvania, and since he was going back to Ohio, he could drop her off on the way.”
“Now we’re getting somewhere. So, you’re protecting the boy with the fancy scholarship.”
“Larry, no one ever claimed to have found that dog’s body. I didn’t see any mention of it in the newspaper account.”
“Maybe that’s because the dog ain’t dead.”
“You mean Bobby took the dog for safekeeping? To make sure Jenny kept her mouth shut about his criminal activities? How can Jenny be sure she’ll get Mozzie back?”
“She can’t, unless she has a way to get in touch with Bobby, Miz Scarlet.”
“Like a new phone?”
“Yup.” Larry nodded her head enthusiastically. Jenny seemed to sink deeper into the sofa.
“And if Bobby was the guy who was supposed to bring the soap to Richie, and if he was four or five bars short, Richie would have wanted to kill him for stealing the soap. Hence, Bobby took the dog as collateral,” I suggested. Larry’s dark eyes flashed a warning at the girl as they locked on and tried to bore a hole right into the teenager’s forehead. Jenny crumbled and fell apart, no longer able to maintain the fiction.
“Which would explain why that guy showed up in your house today and tried to snatch the girl,” the experienced homicide detective decided. “Bobby knows where you’re staying.”
For a long moment, no one spoke. It was the end of the road for the teen, the last chance to save her soul. She took it.
 “That man wasn’t trying to kidnap me. He was giving me this note.” Trembling fingers withdrew a piece of white paper from her pocket, folded over into four sloppy squares. As she flipped it open, Larry snatched it from her hands.
Meet me in the park, at the summit. You can have your dog back, but only if I get the soap.
“Just out of curiosity, how were you going to explain the miracle of finding Mozzie in the woods?” I asked the teenager.
“I was going to say I found a lost dog and he reminded me so much of my old, dead dog, I wanted to keep him and call him Mozzie Two.”
“Had it all worked out, did you?” Judging from Larry’s sarcastic tone, she was really miffed, and rightly so. This was a big, fat mess.
“He’s all I have left of my family,” Jenny moaned. “I have to get him back!”
“Shoot!” Those lime-covered legs stood up in those strappy turquoise sandals and I wondered how the hell Larry was going to climb up to the top of White Oak Hill in her current attire. “Do either of you know how long and how hard I had to work to get this job? And now you expect me to go traipsing up a freaking mountain to confront some little punk who may or may not have already killed a defenseless dog?”
The key word was defenseless. The minute I heard that, I knew Larry was in.
“You want to borrow a pair of shorts and some hiking boots?”
“Oh hell, no! I’ve got clothes in my car. You two really are a pair, you know that?”
I could hear her stomping her way down the stairs and out to her car. She was gone about ten minutes, and in that time, the teenager must have apologized at least ten times. It really was all about the dog.
Half an hour later, Jenny was ready by the back door. She was wearing a pair of white shorts, a bright yellow tank top, and white running shoes. Larry said it was important to be able to spot her at all times. I was feeling nervous about the plan, so I went over it one more time. Bur would stay with my mother at the inn. I would bring up the rear, following Larry, who was following the teenager. If only Kenny had arrived in time, I’d feel a whole lot more confident. I pointed that out to Larry.
“Are you insane?”
“What do you mean?”
“Do you really think I am dumb enough to go up there with just you for protection?”
“Well, you’ve got your gun.”
“And what are you going to do? Hit him over the head with a mushroom? You are not coming with us, Miz Scarlet. You are a civilian!”
“But I have to go! Jenny’s in danger!”
“Believe me, she’s in more danger with you on the case! You stay here. I have my team moving into place as we speak. I called in a couple of special ops guys who owe me a favor. And if that damned dog isn’t at the summit, there’s going to be hell to pay, ladies!”
“Yes, ma’am,” I agreed. Was I relieved to be out of the loop or disappointed?
“Yes, ma’am,” Jenny echoed. She took a deep breath, steeled herself, and headed off to collect her beloved dog. As I watched them go out the door, I could only hope it all went like clockwork. There had already been enough heartache.
Kenny arrived less than ten minutes after they left. I took him up to my suite to show him the soap and the USB stick with the files. By the time we collected the items and brought them down to the library, marked cruisers were pulling into the driveway.
“What’s going on?” I saw that look of apprehension in my mother’s eyes. Kenny broke the news to her as we gathered in the living room to await the outcome.
“This must be some kind of money-laundering thing,” Bur suggested. “If they’re delivering the soap with the jewels hidden inside, they have to have a distribution network.”
“The answer’s probably on the USB stick.”
“Gift baskets,” I decided, building on Jenny’s information. “You can put a bar of organic soap in a gift basket and no one looks at it twice.”
“And you can ship a gift basket,” Kenny added. “In fact, if you’re sending them to your retailers, you can even ship several in the same container without arousing suspicion. The scented soaps won’t test positive for drugs, and why would anyone look for jewels, real jewels, in organic soap?”
At a little after three, an all-terrain vehicle pulled up to the front door. Jenny was home, carrying a bundle wrapped in a blanket. I rushed to the door, threw it open, and hurried her in. January ran up, wanting to know what was going on. Huck was on the heels of the fox terrier.
“Well, did you get Mozzie back safely?” My heart was pounding hard against my breastbone. Jenny’s face was glum. Larry, chauffeured in a second ATV, arrived at the front porch and climbed out. She was laughing with her colleagues. I couldn’t, for the life of me, understand whether the outcome was good or bad. “Jenny?”
The blanket was pulled back to reveal the oddest looking creature I had ever seen. White-and-brown head, big brown eyes, no fur below the chin. “He shaved Mozzie’s hair off!”
“Oh, dear,” I sighed, as the naked pooch stuck out a pink tongue and licked Jenny’s hand weakly.
“What is that?” Bur demanded. “It looks like E.T. on a bad day.”
“No,” the girl sniffed. “It’s a-a-a Cavalier King Charles spaniel.”
“How unfortunate,” my mother announced. “Those are such pretty dogs, too.”
“I know!” The teenager was inconsolable. Even as I watched her, I thought much of the teary-eyed lament was born of her relief that Mozzie was still alive and her sense of guilt for having deceived us for so long.
“Hair grows back, Jen.”
“But they cut him. See?”
Sure enough, the bottom of one of the little dog’s ears had been sliced off. That must have happened when the teenager snatched the laptop. Or the soap with the jewels in it. Or both. I took a closer look. There was crusted blood and some signs of infection.
“Hey, she did good,” Larry told me, looking over my shoulder. “We got the little bastards. They’re on their way to jail, probably post bond tomorrow. What’s the matter with the dog’s ear?”
“Someone cut it off.”
“Take the dog to the vet, Scarlet. Have the vet document the injuries. Get a complete work-up, with photos. I’m going to put somebody’s feet to the fire.”
“Right.” I felt the dog’s little body. It was hot. Not good. I eased the limp pooch back into Jenny’s arms and pulled out my cell phone. The vet’s assistant answered on the third ring.
“I need the vet to examine a dog who was physically abused. All the injuries have to be documented for court.”
“Is this an emergency, or can it wait until tomorrow?”
“The dog’s been cut and it looks like the wounds are infected.”
“Bring the puppy over to the emergency room.”
“Okay. Thanks.” I hung up and told Kenny the situation. He and Larry were going over the details of the New Jersey case, and the homicide investigator was getting all the contact numbers and names, so she could coordinate the Connecticut end of things.
“I may or may not be here when you get back, Scar. Sarge is meeting us just over the New Jersey border, so Larry can hand over the evidence.”
“I’ll be glad when this is over,” I sighed, resting my head on his shoulder. His lips brushed my forehead tenderly.
“Me, too.”
“Poor puppy,” the teenager cooed, hugging her dog tightly. “Don’t you worry, boy. We’ll get you fixed up.”
Even as we made our way to the carriage house to collect my car, that was a promise I wasn’t sure we could keep. For the first time in days, I slid behind the wheel of the Focus, and Jenny settled herself in the passenger seat. The limp dog lay in her lap, and I knew the outcome was out of our hands. How bad was the infection? How long had the unfortunate creature suffered? And what would happen if Jenny lost the only tie to her old life?

Chapter Eleven --

We sat for twenty minutes in the waiting room. A Great Dane, a Pekinese, and a poodle went into exam rooms ahead of us with their owners. When we finally were shown into number six, the assistant weighed Mozzie, marked the new patient chart with the information, asked a number of questions about vaccinations and the spaniel’s health history. Luckily, Jenny had kept up with the dog’s care. She gave the assistant the name of the veterinarian clinic up near Pelham, so the vets could communicate. She also authorized Mozzie’s old vet to send the records. The assistant took a look at the dog’s ragged ear and shook her head sadly. It did not fill me with confidence that Mozzie was coming home with us tonight.
The vet strode into the room, brimming with confidence and good cheer. She shook hands with me and with Jenny before having her assistant hold Mozzie on the table for the exam. The young woman gently cradled him, but it was clear the dog was suffering. Going over every body part, the vet said little, other than offering the occasional grunt here and there. Finally she stepped away from the table, made some notes in the folder, and then turned her attention to us.
“I can tell you the pup is in very rough shape. There are a number of puncture wounds all over the body, several of which are infected. And we have the situation with the ear. My best advice is to euthanize the dog and put him out of his misery.”
The howl that came out of the teenager’s mouth shocked even the vet. We all turned to see Jenny as she lost consciousness. One moment she was standing next to me, and the next, she was a crumpled, unconscious figure on the floor.
Ten minutes later, once we had her sitting on the chair, Mozzie in her lap, I asked the vet to step out for a conversation.
“Look, Doc, this isn’t your normal situation. This poor girl just lost her only living relative to cancer two and a half months ago. Her stepfather just stole her inheritance right out from under her. And on top of that, she’s right smack dab in the middle of a criminal case in another state. She has no one and nothing, save for this little dog. If she loses him, I’m afraid we may lose her. Is there anything, anything at all that might work to save Mozzie’s life?”
“She’s an orphan?”
“Yes. She lost her mother and her home. We brought her to our house because she has nowhere else to go. I’ll pay for the dog’s care, but please, there must be something you can try to keep this pooch alive.”
“It won’t be easy,” said Dr. Greenwald. “The flesh is very infected. The dog will need to have the wounds cleaned daily. It’s going to be expensive, between the tests, the medications, and the emergency treatment. If the dog survives and goes home, there’s still a lot of round-the-clock care needed, which is time-consuming. You could save some money if you did some of it yourselves.”
“Whatever it takes,” I promised. “Jenny wants to be a nurse. She took care of her mother through her hospice stage.”
“The dog will need to stay on the antibiotics. You can’t miss a dose. We could start him here, at the hospital. And he needs fluids. He’s quite dehydrated. He needs to gain weight. I don’t think he’s eaten much lately. He’s all skin and bones.”
“Anything he needs.”
“She’s an orphan?”
“Yes. I’m trying to figure out how to get her in school. I was going to take her to register next week, and now, with this, I’m afraid she’ll just give up.” Even as I talked, I kept trying to figure out how to convince the veterinarian how important Mozzie was for the teen’s psyche. “Worst of all, we just found out that her birth mother died when she was two weeks old, and her aunt posed as her mother. We’re still trying to figure out how to break that news to her. We’re just overwhelmed here.”
“Like I said, the normal course for a dog this ill is to put him to sleep. But we’ll give it a try, at least for a couple of days. If he doesn’t improve, I’m going to lobby hard for the humane treatment. In the meantime, we’ll do the best we can to keep him comfortable. We have a fund for uninsured pets. Let me see if he’s eligible. And tell me something. What bastard did this to the dog? I’d like to give him a taste of his own medicine.”
“You and me both. The dog was a pawn in a criminal case, and he was tortured in an effort to make the girl cooperate with the bad guys. There’s a state trooper, a homicide investigator, who will check in with you to get the details. You have my permission to share with her.”
“Okay. Time to get started on making a miracle happen.”
It took us the better part of five minutes to convince Jenny that no one was going to put Mozzie to sleep. The vet gave her a blow-by-blow explanation for the treatment, along with the gritty details of what to expect if things got worse. The vet allowed Jen to hold the dog while she cleaned all the wounds and medicated them. It was a quiet night at the animal hospital, so Dr. Greenwald allowed us to stay. Jenny sat with Mozzie in an exam room, hugging him as she sang lullabies and cried.
I tried to talk her into something to eat, but the teen just wasn’t hungry. I finally convinced her to let me get her a fruit smoothie on a food run. I ducked out of the facility and down the road, where I grabbed a burger and coffee. I sat at the table in the nearly deserted restaurant, watching the occasional diner wander up to the counter to order. What was I going to do if Mozzie didn’t make it? Dr. Greenwald was going to give the dog a massive dose of antibiotics, to try to knock the infection out. Maybe I should be thinking about what we would do if it did work. What would it take? The vet said we’d have to work around the clock. Jenny couldn’t do it alone. I might be able to rope Laurel and Lacey into helping for a few hours here and there. I had reservations for all three guest rooms for the next couple of weeks, so I would be stretched thin. Then again, maybe I could ask my mother’s cousin, Myrtle, and her daughter, Willow, to help us. Willow was a nurse and an animal lover. She had already promised to mentor Jenny in nursing school. Maybe she’d be willing to start with a little hands-on animal patient care.
We finally left at midnight, and the only way I convinced Jenny to leave was that I promised her Bur would bring her back in the morning. She cried all the way back to the Four Acorns Inn.
Lacey was waiting up for us in the living room, dressed in cotton floral pajamas, a glass of scotch on the side table. She was watching an old Hollywood B-movie.
“What happened?” She led Jenny by the shoulder over to the sofa and sat her down. I found my way to the armchair opposite, where I regaled her with the details. She promised to be part of the Mozzie team and help out. By the time I led the teenager up to her third-floor bedroom in the wee small hours of the morning, she was sleepy, but optimistic. I wished I felt that same hope.
The first day of Mozzie’s hospital stay was brutal. Twice, the vet suggested the kindest thing to do would be to euthanize the dog, but Jenny just wouldn’t hear of it. She stayed with the dog in one of the back rooms, with vet techs coming and going as they worked around her. She refused to take a break, so we took meals to her and held Mozzie while she ate.
The second day dawned much like the first, with a lethargic pooch, but somewhere around midday, something changed. It was a slight, and yet noticeable, improvement. The eyes were brighter, more alert. Mozzie’s temperature dropped, even though he was still on an IV drip, receiving fluids.
The third day offered a real ray of hope. Dr. Greenwald wanted Jenny to let Mozzie sleep on his own, so that he would get more rest, because he was starting to stabilize. The teenager could see the dog was healing. His wounds were beginning to clear. He wasn’t eating on his own yet, but the fluids were helping.
On the fourth day, Dr. Greenwald told Jenny that she needed to give back a little something to the animal hospital, to help defray some of Mozzie’s costs. She had Jenny walk a couple of the dogs outside before their dental cleanings, and she even asked her to wipe down the waiting room and sweep the floor. She also had the teenager filing papers and refilling the brochure holders. At eight, the vet on duty told her to go home for the night, because it was important for her to get some rest. Mozzie would be released within twenty-four hours. Bur picked her up and brought her home after dropping his date off. I had a plate waiting and she sat at the dining room table, recounting her day as she ate. She was finally beginning to relax, no longer the tense teen, and things seemed to be turning around.
I set the breakfast table for eleven people before I went to bed. We had six guests staying in our three rooms, and two of the couples were traveling together. They were leaving at seven to catch a plane, so I was up early to make them eggs. They indulged in a variety of bagels, muffins, and croissants, fresh mango and pineapple slices, and took their time, reading the Hartford Courant and the New York Times. I had already cleaned up the first round of breakfast dishes when Jenny padded into the dining room. I was on my second cup of coffee, enjoying a container of Greek yogurt.
“Oh, that looks good.” The last few days had taken its toll on her. Face thinner, clothes beginning to hang on her, she needed to make up for lost time.
“Would you like some eggs? Maybe a cheese omelet?”
“Mmm...can I have the comics, please?”
I handed her the Living Section on my way to the kitchen. When I returned, with a steaming plate of egg and cheesy goodness, she had vanished.
“Maybe she went to the bathroom,” I decided. Ten minutes later, I went looking for her. Another five frustrating minutes passed before I tried her cell phone. No response.
Bur helped himself to Jenny’s omelet while I was busy. I decided that was better than letting it go to waste.
“Have you seen Jenny, Colonel Poup?”
“Nope. This could have used more onions and peppers, Miz Scarlet.”
“I’ll try to remember that next time I make Jen an omelet. In the meantime, I can’t reach her.”
“She’s not answering her phone?”
“No. And I can’t find her in the house,” I told him, even as he was dialing his phone.
“Hmm...you’re right. She’s not picking up.”
“She knows we’re supposed to leave to get Mozzie in a little while,” I fretted, as I sat down at the dining room table in front of the comics section that the teenager requested from me. “Where would she go? Do you think we should worry?”
What if Bobby’s boss decided to come after the girl? What if someone snatched her? As the possible scenarios flew through my brain, panic followed.
“Take a breath, Scar. We’ll go looking for her. Where are the dogs?”
“With Mama,” I told him. Sure enough, January and Huckleberry were ensconced on the carpet, in a patch of sunlight, snoozing. My mother had her head buried in a book about Wales, glasses perched on her nose, taking notes as she read. “Have you seen Jenny?”
“She went out. Is something wrong?”
“When you say she went out, does that mean she mentioned where she was going?” I wondered. Laurel shook her head.
“I caught sight of her in the bird garden in the backyard, if that helps.”
“It does.” I thanked her as I hurried away.
Bur beat me to the back door. “I’ll take the blue trail, you take the yellow. I’ll meet you at the summit. Call me if you find her.”
I hit the trail at a fast walk, dialing Jenny’s Smartphone every five minutes. Still no answer. By the time I reached the wooden footbridge across the stream, I was worried. What would make Jenny just vanish? Or who?
As my eyes scanned the rugged landscape, searching for the tiniest movement, I was baffled. It wasn’t like her to just disappear. In the short time we had known her, she hadn’t been completely honest, or sensible, for that matter, but she had been a decent kid. If she up and went, she had a reason. Maybe something upset her.
I was five minutes from the summit when my cell phone buzzed in my hand. “Bur, did you find her?”
“She’s on the boulders at the top, Scar. She’s bawling her eyes out. I think I’m going to let you talk to her.” My brother has never been good about women and tears. “I’ll stay and keep an eye on her until you get here.”
I came through the woods and out into the opening, where the wide panoramic view of Hartford spanned the miles. The morning was clear, with good visibility. A couple of early bird hikers were passing through and they paused to admire the scene. They glanced at the girl on the rock ledge, nudging each other with that question strangers often ask each other. “Should we approach?” I made sure to make some noise, so they would know I was there for Jenny. They looked up at me, nodded, and moved on.
“Jen?” I called softly. Her back was to me and I didn’t want to startle her. Those shoulders were bobbing up and down, chin on her chest. “You okay?”
She went on crying, at times gasping for breath. I let her agony take its course, knowing she needed to get it out in the open. Sitting beside her, I lightly rubbed her back in gentle, slow circles. When she rested her head against my shoulder, weary, the little sobs intermittent, I put my arm around her and let her finish, compose herself, and tell me what was bothering her.
“Today is...my mother’s...birthday,” she sniffed. “She would have...been...42.”
That explained a lot. With everything that had happened in the last couple of weeks, it would have been easy to forget the importance of the date. But she had asked me for the comics section of the newspaper. The date at the top of the page must have hit her unexpectedly, as she was gazing at the cartoons.
We stayed another half hour, talking. I asked her what kinds of things her mother liked to do, what kinds of books she liked to read, what lessons she taught the teenager. When we finally came down from White Oak Hill, we walked in companionable silence.
Bur was watching for us when we got back to the house. He was working on his laptop in the living room, with Laurel, while they waited for our return.
“You okay, squirt?” His voice was kind and the girl responded honestly.
“Yes. It’s my mother’s birthday today,” was her explanation. My brother mumbled about how tough that must be. Laurel patted the sofa cushion, beckoning. I noticed Jenny didn’t hesitate. She plopped herself down wearily and put her head on my mother’s comforting shoulder.
I left them to go call the animal hospital and find out what time we should collect Mozzie. Helping myself to a second cup of coffee, I punched in the number, talked to Tonya at the front desk, and promised her we’d be over in about half an hour.
Knowing my mother wanted the chance to work her magic with Jenny, I kept myself occupied while I waited. I was chopping vegetables for lunch when my phone rang.
“Miz Scarlet,” Kenny greeted me. “How’s my favorite lady?”
“Captain Peacock, it’s so good to hear your voice. I miss you.”
“Miss you too, babe. And I’ve got news. Unbelievable news.”
“Great. I could use something cheerful.” I told him about Jenny’s tough morning.
“Know that one. It’s tough. First birthday after Jillian died, it was hell. I thought I was going to feel that heartache forever. The kids suffered, too. At least we had each other. Poor Jenny doesn’t really have anyone who knew her mom to share the pain.”
“We’re trying, but we don’t know what it’s like to miss Vivian, do we?”
“Exactly.”
“So, what’s the good news?”
“Are you sitting down?”
“Actually, I am, at the kitchen counter.”
“I found Jenny’s grandparents.”

Chapter Twelve -- 

“You did?” I was shocked. Kenny had done the impossible...or the nearly impossible.
“We had a very long, very emotional conversation. The Martinez family didn’t know what happened to their granddaughter. Their son, Jaime, was studying at Boston University. He wanted to be a chemist, and he was on a full scholarship when he met Jenny’s mother, Christina. She was also a student. The pair fell in love, she got pregnant, and he married her. But he didn’t tell his parents because he knew they would be upset that the lovebirds weren’t married by a priest. He figured that he would bring her out to meet his parents over the summer, they’d have a formal ceremony, and everything would be just fine.
“In the meantime, his father ran into trouble on the family farm. He was laid up with a broken leg, so Jimmy withdrew for the remainder of the semester, bought a bus ticket, and rode across country to help out. The weather was bad in Colorado and there was a terrible crash.”
“Oh, Kenny....”
“The Martinez family was devastated. It took a while to receive all of his personal effects because the wreckage was scattered across the highway. Someone found his notebook, with the notes he made while he was trying to figure out how to tell his parents about Christina and Jenny. The police had to identify the owner of the notebook, and at the time, it wasn’t a priority that justified the manpower. By the time they figured out it was Jimmy’s, Christina had died of an overdose of tranquilizers and Vivian had taken Jenny to Maine.”
“Christina must have thought Jimmy had abandoned her,” I sighed. “I’ll bet she wondered why he didn’t call her.”
“Antonio said his wife spoke to Christina when she called. Maria didn’t know who she was or why she was asking about Jimmy, but when she tried to tell the girl her son was dead, the words wouldn’t come out. Her husband gave Christina the news. He said Jimmy’s accident happened before he reached California, so they didn’t know what the young woman from Boston was talking about when she insisted Jimmy was her husband.
“Later, when the notebook was returned to them, they realized Christina and Jimmy were in love, so Antonio hired a private investigator to find mother and child, but the man had no luck because the trail was cold by then. The letters the Martinez family sent to Boston were returned, without a forwarding address, so they assumed the Mulroney family wanted nothing to do with them.”
“Vivian and her parents never knew the Martinez family reached out?”
“Apparently not.”
“Tragic.”
“It is. Christina was a new mother, and emotionally vulnerable. She might have been experiencing post partum depression, so Jimmy’s death would have hit her hard. The police report said that she left a note, saying she just couldn’t go on without him and that Jenny should be turned over to her sister for safekeeping. The responding officer said that Vivian showed up fifteen minutes after the cops did because Christina had called to ask her sister to look after the baby. She timed her suicide, giving herself enough time to die, but not leaving her baby vulnerable. My best guess is Vivian carried that terrible burden with her all her life.”
“What, that she was too late to save her sister?”
“And the guilt that she never suspected the terrible outcome.”
“Maybe that’s why Vivian never told Jenny. She’d have to confess that she was unable to rescue Christina.”
“There’s more. Antonio and Maria want to meet their granddaughter. I suggested that they might want to visit the Four Acorns Inn.”
There was a long pause as I took in that news. How did I feel about it? I wasn’t sure.
“What if they don’t like Jenny? What if they decide they don’t want her? I’m not certain she can handle that kind of rejection, Kenny.”
“Scarlet, we have to give them the chance to get to know their granddaughter. We owe it to Jenny to choose her own destiny.”
“I know, but I’m still nervous about it. What if it’s all too much for her? To go from losing her aunt, the woman she thought was her mother, to finding her grandparents....”
“Let them come, Miz Scarlet, and meet the girl without telling her anything. We’ll play it by ear and get it all sorted out.”
“I don’t know. Mozzie’s coming home and....”
“Jenny needs family. These people have wondered all these years why their granddaughter disappeared. They assumed that the Mulroney family was so upset by Christina’s suicide that they wanted nothing to do with the Martinez family.”
“And all this time, they could have all been united?” The tears hit hard, unexpectedly, sending a sharply stinging pain behind my eyelids. How could I say no to Jenny’s family? “When do they want to come?”
“They’re flying in on Friday.”
“So soon?” I wasn’t sure I was ready to give up Jenny, at least not until I was sure she would have a good life. Still, what right did I have to stand in the way? “Okay.”
“I’ve got to go, babe. I’ll talk to you tonight, after dinner. Bye.”
“Bye back.”
When I retrieved Jenny from my mother’s arms, I grabbed my pocketbook, along with the keys to the Focus. I had tucked my credit card with the big limit in my wallet. Good thing. When the secretary passed the bill for Mozzie’s medical care over the counter, I actually gulped hard when I saw the total. It was almost a year’s worth of car payments. And then I looked at Jenny, cradling her canine buddy in her loving arms. Somehow I would figure out a way to suck it up. If things didn’t work out with her new family, the teen would still have Mozzie.
It took three pages of written instructions, six different medications and ointments, and special food for the dog before we got vet permission to go home. We had an appointment on the following Tuesday to make sure he was healing properly. Dr. Greenwald told us it was a small miracle that the pup survived his ordeal. For her, it had been one of the highlights of her career as a vet. And then she instructed the secretary to credit me half the vet fee, which was more than three hundred bucks. She said she utilized an experimental wound medication on Mozzie and she’d write an article about its success in the AVA journal.
“Thanks, Doc,” I told her.
“I wish I could do more, I really do.” Her eyes fell on Jenny and Mozzie, nose-to-nose. “This is what it’s really all about.”
“Can I see you for just a minute?” We stepped out into the hall. “I just wanted to tell you that we found Jenny’s grandparents out in California. She doesn’t know yet, and we hope it’s going to be a good thing for all of them. But if it’s not, know that saving Mozzie probably saved Jenny as well.”
“Thanks for telling me.” The vet hugged me. “I’m a sucker for a happy ending.”
“Me, too.”
Back at the house, January and Huckleberry were curious about the new visitor. Mozzie was still on bed rest, so we set him up in a nice, cushy crate in the living room, where he could watch the action while he healed. His new canine friends hung out with him, Huck lying next to the doggie version of a hospital bed. January decided she preferred curling up next to Lacey in the club chair.
“He’s already starting to look better,” Laurel decided, observing the patient.
“Isn’t he?” Jenny sounded like a proud parent. “He still needs a lot of care, but I think he’ll be okay.”
I waited until the following day, when I had more details, before I sat Laurel, Lacy, and Bur down for a family meeting. Cousin Willow had stopped by to help Jenny change Mozzie’s bandages according to standard nursing protocols, so I knew that would keep Jenny occupied while I talked to the gang.
“Mr. and Mrs. Martinez will be arriving on Friday. Bur, can you pick them up at the airport?”
“Sure, Miz Scarlet.”
“We’re not going to say anything to Jenny about this, at least till Antonio and Maria have a chance to meet their granddaughter.” The Googins girls nodded in agreement as I said that. “And even then, we’ll have to figure out how to break the news.”
“Of course.”
The days flew by, the hours filled with inn responsibilities and care for the injured pup. I took the healthy dogs on their daily walks, while Jenny stayed with her patient.
On Thursday night, I told the teen that we had a couple coming from California and we needed to get the Black Oak room ready for them as soon as the Whipples checked out.
“No problem,” she answered cheerfully.
My stomach spent the day rumbling as I worried and fretted, fretted and worried. What if Jenny thought we betrayed her by keeping the secret? How would she take the news? What would we say to her? What if she didn’t believe Antonio and Maria were her grandparents?
After dinner, we all sat in the living room. Mozzie came out of his crate and spent the evening on Jenny’s lap. Lacey and Laurel shouted out the answers to the puzzles on “Wheel of Fortune”. I excused myself to go call Kenny when the final spin was spun and the contestant lost. I came back in time to watch “Masterpiece” with the gang. Miss Marple was devastated by the loss of a friend in “The Pale Horse” episode. At ten-thirty, we turned off the TV, and Bur offered to carry Mozzie’s crate to the third floor while I got Laurel settled in bed. By the time I climbed the flight of stairs up to my suite, Jenny had the Cavalier King Charles spaniel nestled on his doggie pillow in her bedroom.
“He seems to be pretty perky,” I smiled, watching the small tongue dart out of Mozzie’s mouth to lick Jenny’s hand.
“Scarlet?” She looked up at me with those big eyes as she sat on her heels.
“Yes, Jen?”
“I don’t know how to ever thank you for saving Mozzie. I don’t know what I would have done if he had died.”
“I’m so glad we didn’t have to find out what life would be like without him.”
“Me, too.”
“Good night. Sleep tight.”
The dawn came with a red sky as the sun rose. I watched it through the kitchen window as I prepared breakfast. How long before the storm clouds blew in from the south?
At nine, the rain began, lightly at first, and then turned torrential. Bur was scheduled to collect Mr. and Mrs. Martinez from Bradley International at two, on his way back from a business meeting up in Springfield. Jenny worked on the guest rooms, in between visits to the canine patient. Huck and January wanted their morning walk, so at eleven, I leashed them and we headed out onto one of the woodsy trails, where the tree canopy was thick and most of the rain didn’t get through. I tried to work off my anxiety by walking faster. By the time I returned, I was exhausted, but still worried. At least I had passed the hour getting some exercise.
Jenny was in the living room with my mother when Bur returned with the guests. Placing Mozzie gently in his crate, she hopped up and headed out to help with the luggage. Hands nervously smoothing my Capri pants, I hurriedly followed in her wake, praying things would go well.
The front door was open and through it, I could hear voices on the porch as they all made their way towards the foyer. January, alerted that we had visitors, came tearing out of the kitchen to see whether they should be allowed into the inn.
“California, yes. We have an almond farm,” said a deep male voice.
“Almonds?”
“Yes. You’ve heard of Blue Diamond Almonds? We’re part of the growers’ association. The new thing is almond milk. Have you ever had any? It’s great stuff, especially for people who can’t digest dairy.” 
Jenny carried two bags into the hallway, a pleasant look on her face. A tall, thin, fifty-something man stepped through the door after her. Ignoring the grandeur of the entry hall, his curious eyes remained on the girl as she walked ahead. He was younger than I expected him to be, sparse hair on top, but distinguished-looking, with dark eyes. He gave me a quick nod as he passed. He seemed slightly reserved, but hopeful.
Bur held the door for a short, attractive woman, dressed in a mint green pantsuit, her brown hair curled into short ringlets. Her eyes were lively, alert and friendly, but as she waved hello, I was struck by her smile. This was definitely Jenny’s grandmother. There was no mistaking the likeness.
“Hello there,” she called to me, her voice melodious. “I’m Maria, as I am sure you’ve guessed. You must be Scarlet. I’ve heard so much about you. It’s nice to finally have the chance to meet you.”
For a moment, my heart skipped a beat. She was unlike anything I was expecting. Just watching her, I knew instinctively that Maria would love Jenny in all the right ways. This grandmother was a keeper.
The Googins girls agreed when we compared notes a short time later. Jenny was showing her grandparents to their guest room. We could hear her giving them the details on the architecture as they made their way up the main staircase.
“It’s really striking, isn’t it?” said Lacey.
“You mean that resemblance between Maria and Jenny? Absolutely.” My mother wheeled her motorized chair to the door as her cousin and I leaned against the wall there. Bur appeared in the doorway, more luggage in hand.
“When are you going to tell her?” Lacey wanted to know.
“We’ll have to see. The time has to be right. We can’t just blurt something like this out,” I told them.
“We don’t want to freak the squirt out,” Bur concurred. “What time is Captain Peacock arriving?”
“Some time around six. He wanted to miss the weekend traffic on the bridge, so he said he’d leave early in the afternoon. By the way, I invited Myrtle and Willow to dinner. I thought we’d surround Jenny with people who care about her, just in case this doesn’t work out.”
The rain continued all afternoon. Antonio and Maria got settled into their room and then joined us at five in the living room for canapés and cocktails. Jenny introduced them to Mozzie. Too overwhelmed by the dog’s close brush with death, she let Bur explain the serious nature of the dog’s injuries.
“It’s terrible that someone would do that to a dog!” Jenny’s grandfather declared emphatically.
“Are you a dog lover, Antonio?” Laurel inquired.
“Please, call me Tony. And yes, definitely. We have three.”
“Three dogs?” That caught the teenager’s attention. “What kind?”
“One is a Labrador, one’s a mutt we rescued from the pound, and Mama has her cockapoo fur ball. We call her Angel.” He pronounced in “ahn-hel”, but Jenny knew what the name meant.
“I love dogs. I’ve had Mozzie for four years. I got him as a puppy.”
“He’s a beautiful dog,” Maria told her.
“Yes, but his ear will never grow back,” the girl sighed. She showed Maria and Tony the tattered wound. “It was terrible what they did to him.”
“The important thing is that both you and Mozzie survived,” Tony told her. “Life is very precious.”
“Do you have any children?” Lacey wondered. A second later, she cringed, remembering they had lost their son, Jaime. But Maria didn’t flinch. Instead, she pulled out her wallet.
“We do. Our son, Geraldo, is married and has two children, Jorge and Lara.” She flashed a photo of two adorable kids posed by a wishing well. They looked younger than ten. “And our daughter, Teri, is married and has a set of four-year-old twins, Justin and Pippa.”
As I admired the photo of her daughter and grandchildren, I couldn’t help staring. Teri’s hair was short, like the teenager’s, and was almost the same color. She, too, had Maria’s smile. It was almost like seeing Jenny in ten years, and I had to bite my tongue to keep from commenting on the likeness. Gazing over at Laurel, her expression mirrored my own. There was a lot of Martinez in Jenny.
“Wow,” said Colonel Grey Poupon, sticking his big, fat foot in it. “You and Teri could almost be sisters, squirt.”

Chapter Thirteen --

“Let me see,” the teenager demanded, sticking her hand out for the photo. My brother placed it in her hand, his arm protectively around her shoulder as he pointed out the important points in common.
“Same hair, same eyes, even the same smile.”
That was the kicker. One moment Jenny was smiling and happy, and the next, the color drained from her face. She looked like she had seen a ghost.
“Excuse me.” That was all she said before she hurried out of the room.
“Nice going, Bur!” I hissed at him.
“I was just stating the obvious....”
I didn’t bother hanging around to listen to his excuses. I scurried out into the hallway, determined to explain things to Jenny, but she was nowhere to be found. I knocked at the powder room door, but I knew she wasn’t inside because the door was open a crack and the light was off. She wasn’t in the kitchen or the library either. Had she vanished again? I didn’t think she’d left the house on her way to the summit, considering the stormy weather outside, and I was fairly certain she wouldn’t desert Mozzie, not after all he’d been through. Was she hiding from us, overwhelmed by the sudden shock of coming face to face with her paternal grandparents? Where could she be?
It took me fifteen minutes, but I finally found her on the third floor, sitting cross-legged on the carpet by the far side of her bed, out of sight, with a small shoe box open before her. She was digging through it, searching for something.
“Here it is!” she cried. “Look!”
I took what she offered me, a tattered, black-and-white photograph, now yellowed with age. A young man, not much older than Jenny, was sitting in a swan boat, that familiar Boston tourist experience.
“Jenny....” Where should I start? If only Kenny was here. He was the one who knew the details. He should be the one sharing her unknown past with her.
“This is my father, Scarlet. See? It’s written on the back. ‘Jimmy at the Public Garden, Boston.’ I always knew I looked like him.”
I didn’t know what to say, so I said nothing, figuring that if she wanted to talk, I would listen. I sat in the long silence while the girl studied that face in the photograph. At last, she sighed and stood up.
“Might as well find out what’s going on,” she decided. So calm, so collected. Did that mean she was glad to finally find her long-lost relatives?
“Would you like to wait for Captain Peacock? He seems to have all the answers.”
“No. He can tell me later. I just want to show them this.”
“Whatever you say, Jenny.” It had to be her decision. It wasn’t my place to interfere with such an important matter of the heart. We made our way to the staircase and I let the teenager lead the way.
“I can’t believe I have a family.” That was said with wonder. It didn’t seem to matter that Tony and Maria showed up now, out of the blue. Jenny, stunned though she was, was already feeling connected to these strangers.
“I just want you to know one thing, kiddo. Whatever happens, we’ll always be here for you.”
“Oh, Miz Scarlet,” the teenager cried, wrapping her arms around my shoulders as we came out of the landing of the second floor, “you’re the best.”
Everyone assembled in the living room gazed up when we returned. I saw Kenny across the room, his eyes concerned. I gave him a slight smile in return.
Jenny rushed up to Maria and handed her the treasure from her past. The fingers that took it from her seemed to shake slightly.
“My father, Jimmy,” said the teenager.
The moment her grandmother recognized the subject in the photo, unbidden tears sprang forth and trickled down her cheeks. Her hand went involuntarily to her mouth, to stifle a small gasp.
“Jaime!”
Tony crossed the distance in three long strides and peered over his wife’s shoulder. A moment later, he was overcome with emotion, unable to speak. When Jenny saw these two adults speechless, it seemed to awaken a protective feeling in her.
“Would you like some water?” she wondered.
“Yes, please,” Maria replied, hand at her throat, staring hungrily at the image of her long-dead child in Boston, an image from the life he hadn’t been able to share with his parents. Jenny poured from the pitcher on the bar table, adding an ice cube.
“Come on,” Kenny urged me. “Let’s give them a few minutes to find themselves. What’s for dinner?”
“What’s for dinner?” I wiped away the tears that had welled up in my eyes as I watched that poignant scene.
“Yes, Miz Scarlet. I’m starved.”
Kenny and I worked side by side in the kitchen. We could hear the chatter coming from the living room. I pulled the lasagna out of the oven to let it rest a few minutes. The tossed salads were arranged at each place setting in the dining room just as the doorbell rang. Myrtle and Willow had arrived.
We kept the conversation light as we ate dinner, talking about birds, gardens, and the weather. By the time we were ready for banana cream pie and coffee, we felt like old friends.
“Bur, help me with the clean-up. Jenny and her grandparents are going to have a talk in the library,” I informed my brother. The Googins girls, including Cousin Myrtle, retired to the living room for aperitifs. Willow pitched in with the dinner dishes. She and I caught up on the local news while Bur fetched us a couple more glasses of Shiraz in between clearing the table.
Mozzie was restless, missing his mistress, so Willow took the dog out of his crate and checked his wounds, to make sure the ointment was doing its job. I grabbed Huckleberry and January for a quick walk. We headed out for a loop around the neighborhood on the sidewalk in front of the house. Kenny caught up with me by the Taylor house.
“Hey,” he smiled, planting a kiss on my lips. “I missed you.”
“Me, too.”
“I thought I’d catch you up on developments. Bobby has been returned to the State of New Jersey. He took a plea deal.”
“What?” Appalled, I pulled away to study Kenny in the faint glow of the streetlights.
“It turns out that the supposed abuse of the dog was the result of a really bad grooming technique. Mozzie lost part of his ear when the boys decided to shave the dog, and the long hair on the ear got caught in the shaver.”
“But the cuts....”
“Same deal. Mozzie’s hair got tangled, so they accidentally gouged him trying to get the shaver free.”
“I’d still like to throttle the little bastards!” I growled. “Of all the dumb ass things....”
“I know, I know. Look at it this way, Miz Scarlet. Bobby’s father used to be a DA in Ohio before he switched sides and went to bat for white collar criminals. When he heard what his son was involved in, he arranged a solid plea deal for the kid that was based on his full cooperation. It turns out the kid was seventeen at the time it all happened, so he was still a juvie. Bobby is sharing his tale with the New Jersey State Police as we speak. They’ll round up the jewel thieves and curtail their little gift basket business. It looks like, collectively, they’ve stolen more than $2.4 million in cut and uncut stones.”
“That’s a lot of organic soap,” I commented. Kenny squeezed my hand and laughed.
“It sure is. And no one would have ever known if Jenny hadn’t grabbed those five bars.”
“You’re not condoning what she did, I hope.”
“No, I’m saying that it’s funny how things work out sometimes. You can’t always predict how the bad guys are going to fall, or even if they will.”
“But why that house in Bay Head? Who is Hinson, anyway?”
“The cops are still trying to figure that out. Hinson only seemed to exist on paper.”
“Like he was made up as the fall guy?”
“I don’t follow.”
“Well, Jenny said that house was completely gutted. I know a lot of real estate on the Jersey Shore was damaged by Hurricane Sandy. What if the jewel heists were part of somebody’s plan to rebuild the family manse?”
“Or to finance one by finding the capital to renovate a distressed property.”
“Maybe the money from the jewels is helping to pay for the reconstruction and the purchase, Kenny.”
“The old ‘double dip’ game? Could be. If Hinson flips the property to a new buyer, folks will assume he did the work on speculation, for total profit. That would explain his interest in investing in the house, to make money.”
“Was Richie involved in the building trades?” Don’t ask me why, but that question popped into my head. “Maybe the gang was taking advantage of the opportunity to get a foot in the Bay Head door, and they needed lots of financial backing to get it done. Most of those homes are selling for over a million dollars, aren’t they?”
“Even after the storm. You might be right, Scarlet. If that’s the case, the gang is more local than we thought. They might even be from Point Pleasant, or Brick, or even....”
“There would still have to be someone who was knowledgeable about jewels, though, like the assistant manager who wound up dead at Rikers,” I said aloud, more to myself than Captain Peacock. “What kind of information would non-professionals need in order to know how to successfully rob jewelry stores of loose stones?”
“That’s just it, Miz Scarlet. They only want loose, unmarked stones, and they only want them because they’re an easy commodity to sell.”
“So, what if the inside man not only tipped them to the availability of the stones, but he bought them back for his store in small quantities? If he’s dead now, what will the gang do? Won’t they need a new fence?”
“Probably. That could be a big monkey wrench to gum up the works, and maybe a motive for Richie’s murder. If the gang has to take on another partner, it cuts into their profit margin.”
Kenny and I turned around and headed back, a sure signal to Huck and January that it would soon be treat time. The little tails were wagging as the dogs trotted towards their destination.
“If the soap is tucked away in gift baskets, it means the thieves hold onto the soap until it’s time to send it to the buyer, right?”
“Right. My guess is they’re stored on the shelves as they wait for the opportunity to sell the jewels openly. The buyer would have to create records that suggest the stones were legitimately purchased. That might explain the need to go slowly, so as to not arouse suspicion.”
“But if the mastermind was sending out gift baskets on a regular basis as part of the cover, he or she would need a legitimate reason to have them around.”
“A corporate gift business for clients? The baskets are packaged, but when it’s time to send them out, the mastermind removes the loaded soap and substitutes another bar?”
“It would just be a matter of knowing which baskets have the jewels, so the wrong clients don’t wind up with unexpected pirate booty.”
“But they’d probably use the same supplier  to make up the gift baskets, to avoid suspicion.”
“And the supplier of the gift baskets might be one of the gang member’s relatives. A wife, a girlfriend, or even a mother...someone with a legitimate business and a routine of shipping packages. It might even be a home-based business.”
“Interesting theory, Miz Scarlet, but at this point, it’s all speculation.”
“How do we prove it?” I asked him, already prepared to visit every gift shop on the Jersey Shore in search of the potential leads.
“I’m sorry. Did you say, ‘How do we prove it?’, because I’m pretty sure....”
“Oh, don’t be such a killjoy, Kenny! You’re worse than Larry! Do you believe she wouldn’t let me go up to White Oak Hill with Jenny?”
“I do!” His lips brushed my ear and I felt his hot breath against my skin. “I love that you’re feisty, but I prefer my heroines alive, Miz Scarlet. No more sleuthing for you! I don’t want the jewel thieves to decide you need killing.”
“You’re no fun!” I grumbled. Even as I said that, I decided I would not be stopped from delving into this mystery. After all, I’m a smart woman. I should be able to locate a gift basket business on the Jersey Shore that shipped organic products, shouldn’t I? And what harm could there be in providing the New Jersey State Police with a list of potential suspects? The sooner this business was over, the easier it would be to stop worrying about Jenny being a target. I said as much to Kenny.
“Oh, I don’t think she’s much of a target, Scar. Not at this point, anyway. Bobby’s rolling over on the guy who hired him....”
“But someone murdered Richie,” I reminded him, “and dumped his body at sea.”
“Maybe it had nothing to do with what happened at the Hinson house.”
“Yeah, right. Or maybe it had everything to do with what happened at the Hinson house.”
“Why do you say that?”
“I’m not sure. Maybe it’s because that girl stole five bars of organic soap. She said something about Paolo claiming it had healing powers.”
“That doesn’t even make sense.” We paused on the sidewalk in front of the Four Acorns Inn.
“I know. I’m trying to remember what she told me when I asked her. Something about Paolo saying the soap cleanses the aura. Jenny was desperate to change her life and the soap was supposed to purify her. That sounds rather mystical, doesn’t it?”
“Crystals for healing. That would be good cover for jewel thefts. Most investigators would focus on traditional jewelers, not the fortune-telling variety,” Kenny pointed out. “Is there such a thing as organic jewelry?”
“More like spiritual healing, I should think.” That spurred another wild idea and I let it gallop out into the open. “What if the gang has a reason to buy that home in Bay Head? What if they’re trying to get in with the moneyed crowd? Don’t a lot of property owners in town come from wealthy families?”
“Sure. Old money, new money.”
“Paolo sounds like someone working the carnie crowd, doesn’t he? Part fortune teller, part con artist.”
“He could be the guy drumming up business with the rich ladies,” he replied, opening the front door for me. “It will be interesting to see what Sarge makes of all this.”
“You’re going to just leave it for Sarge?” I was aghast. After all, this was more intriguing than ever. “Where’s your sense of adventure, Captain Peacock?”
“I checked on the way out of Princeton University, Miz Scarlet,” he teased. “I’m a civilian now.”
“Brother!”
“You called?” Leave it to Colonel Grey Poupon to show up at just that moment. Curses. Foiled again.

Chapter Fourteen --

Jenny was already upstairs with Mozzie when I finally left the library and my stubborn boyfriend just after eleven. She sat on her bed, pillows piled up behind her and dog snoozing in her lap. And in the chair beside the bed was Maria.
“Not everything has to be organic. If there’s a shell that is shed, if the fruit inside is protected, you don’t ingest pesticides or insecticides,” the grandmother explained to her curious granddaughter.
“But isn’t it better not to use anything at all and keep it natural?”
“We have orange and lemon trees on our property. I often cook with the zest of these fruits, so we don’t like to spray them with harsh chemicals. Usually, we use a horticultural oil spray to protect the trees from aphids, mites, and mealybugs. It also controls powdery mildew and grease spot. But even safe products have their drawbacks. You can’t spray the blossoms or you risk losing the whole crop of citrus fruit.”
I interrupted them to say a quick good night and excused myself, leaving them to their conversation. Would it really work out for the teenager, or was this just some honeymoon and she’d eventually come crashing down to earth with a big thud? I found myself anxious on her behalf, wanting to believe this could have a happy ending after so much misery. The Martinez family wanted Jenny to join them at the holidays. They seemed like people who enjoyed celebrating. Maybe if Thanksgiving went well, she could fly out to California for a Christmas visit. I’d start putting away a little money each week for her travel fund, just so she wouldn’t have to completely depend on them for all of her expenses. That way, she could choose whether or not to love them, instead of feeling desperate that they were her only lifeline.
Too wired to sleep, I fired up my netbook and started playing around with searches. Good time to compare the big search engines. First I “Binged” and then I “Googled”. Once I had a list of gift basket companies in New Jersey, I began to narrow down my focus. Which companies offered organic products? I took notes. And then, along about midnight, it suddenly occurred to me I was going about this all wrong. Paolo had said the bar of purple soap was for healing. Maybe I needed a gift basket company that concentrated on products that were reputed to heal. And sure enough, there it was, the listing I was looking for, the needle in the haystack. Aura Cleanse, organic products made at the Jersey Shore with all natural ingredients and recommended by Paolo Varelli, the healer and author of the Organic Guides to Better Living. Paolo. Was this the same man who had sent Jenny and Bobby off with the packages of soap to deliver to Richie in Point Pleasant?
According to the website, every gift basket sent out by Aura Cleanse contained a paperback copy of one of Paolo’s books. The cheapest version started at $59.95 and came with organic lotions, bath sea salts, two natural loofahs, beeswax-based honey-flavored lip balms, and a copy of Natural Sea Bathing. The mid-range basket contained organic herbal and traditional teas, coffees, New Jersey honey, and handmade organic chocolates, which sold for $79.95 and included a copy of Healthy Indulgences. But the grand prize was the basket that offered Jewels of the Heavens, Paolo’s guide to metaphysical crystals. This was the Mother Lode of Natural Healing. Recipients would find a variety of soaps to fit every mood, with Herkimer diamonds embedded inside as a reward. Organic chocolate truffles with edible gold leaf and spices that were guaranteed to delight the senses. There were even a variety of bath sea salts with special herb mixtures to cure whatever ailed your aura. It could be yours for just $119.95.
So excited was I that I almost missed the clue. Hopping off my bed, intending to show Kenny my treasure trove, I startled Huck and January as they slept. In my effort to soothe the dogs, I sat back down briefly, and when I did, I caught a name on the celebrity endorsements. Lyric Hindenburg, better known as the Aura Lady, who shared the secrets of the cosmos with her audience on her subscription radio show, was happy to advise fans to buy these products. “I love what Opal Richardson does for organic! She’s the Queen of the Jersey Shore!”
Lyric Hindenburg, Opal Richardson, Paolo Varelli. Crystals, organic products, auras. A quick search told me that Opal’s company was based in Brick, but she lived in Point Pleasant. Where was that house Bobby took Jenny, the first one? Could it have been in Opal’s neighborhood?
I ran a check on Paolo Varelli. He was based in Hampton, New Hampshire, but he traveled all over the country to teach, and even had a “campus” planned on an estate in Jamaica for those aspiring students who wished to combine vacation time with spiritual enlightenment.
Something still bugged me, but it still hadn’t filtered down to my conscious brain. What was I missing? I decided to let it go, assuming it would eventually show itself. These things usually do at the most inconvenient times.
I tiptoed down the stairs, netbook in hand, and made my way to the library. There was no light creeping out under the door, but I didn’t care. I gently tapped at the door anyway.
“Captain Peacock!” No response. I tried again. This time I got a low groan. “Captain Peacock!”
“What?”
“Can I come in?”
“Can I stop you?” he moaned back.
“I doubt it,” I replied. I heard some fumbling around and a moment later, the door popped open. A rather grouchy Kenny stood in front of me.
“This better be good,” he growled.
“Believe me, it is,” I promised, waving my netbook in the air.
Half an hour later, after much kissing and groping, I padded back to my room triumphant. What’s more, Kenny put the final touches on the solution. Hinson looked a lot like the combination of Hindenburg and Richardson. The two ladies were dabbling in construction speculation to build their respective financial empires, all with the help of Paolo Varelli, aura expert.
“What a scam,” Bur decided the next morning, when Kenny and I took the information to him in his office over the carriage house. “Let me see what I can find out about their financial ventures, and whether they’re offering public stock.”
Kenny finally concurred that this mystery was a little too intriguing to just hand over to law enforcement, especially if we could connect all the dots and hand them a road map to the bad guys. By the time Colonel Grey Poupon called us back to his office after lunch, he had gathered quite a bit of information on the trio, including the fact that the radio shows and pod casts that Lyric produced were growing her audience rather slowly, so she had just started a new national marketing campaign. Investors were backing her, throwing money at her efforts to spiritually awaken the world. Kenny tossed in his own shocker. Opal, formerly known as Sue Richardson, was shacking up with local plumbing contractor Lars Weims.
“You think he’s involved in the scam, as contractor on the Bay Head house?” I wondered.
“Might be.”
“Wow. Wouldn’t that be something?”
“Better still when the cops figure out who killed Richie,” Kenny pointed out. “But at least this is a running start in the right direction. It will take time to gather all the evidence and suspects. You do realize that, as clever as you are, you won’t be getting credit for figuring out the mystery, Miz Scarlet.”
“What? How is that fair?”
“Babe, this isn’t a board game. Richie didn’t keel over in your kitchen, a dagger in his back. This is real life. The New Jersey State Police can’t have amateur sleuths solving their cases. You and I will know, and so will Bur and the rest of the family, but don’t expect folks to heap lots of glory on you. It just doesn’t happen that way.”
“Well, can we at least share it with Larry?”
“Tell you what. I’m planning to send all this off to Sarge in an email. I’ll copy Larry. Will that make you happy?”
“Yes, yes it will. Not ecstatic, mind you, but semi-content.”
“Thank heavens for small miracles,” Kenny grinned. He gave me a long, deep, sweet kiss, his hands on my back.
“Hey, you two lovebirds, take it outside!” Bur warned.
“Jealous?” I inquired of my brother.
“You wish!”
“Hardly,” I scoffed. “You coming to dinner tonight? We’re having a garden cookout in honor of the Jenny Project.”
“For the squirt? Absolutely. I’ll probably bring a date.”
“A date?” Typical. Heaven forbid that Bur should go without a playmate on a Saturday night. “We’re eating at six. Don’t be late.”
“But of course. Wouldn’t want to get on Miz Scarlet’s bad side. Did I ever tell you about her bad temper, Captain Peacock?”
“No need,” Kenny shot back. “I’ve seen it for myself.”
“What?” I turned around to look at the man I had kissed only moments before, and found him laughing at my reaction. “How dare you!”
“Same way you dared to wake me out of a sound sleep last night, Miz Scarlet. Wouldn’t take no for an answer, either. Boy, your sister can be a royal pain in the....”
“If you two are finished discussing me, I shall take my leave of you!”
“Go already!” was the last thing I heard Bur say as I walked out the door with a big harrumph. Right on my heels, Kenny was chuckling all the way down the steps.

Chapter Fifteen --

“Grandma wants to know if she can make dessert for tonight,” Jenny confided, after I dumped Kenny in the library on my way to the kitchen. “She’s going to teach me how to make peach pie.”
“Oh, she shouldn’t have to cook on her special weekend,” I told the teenager. “You three should be out having fun!”
“Actually, I was hoping you would lend us your car, Miz Scarlet, so we can go pick the peaches at Lueken’s Farm.”
“Tell you what, Jen. You take your grandparents out for a couple of hours and I’ll get all my prep work done for dinner tonight. And then, if you and your grandmother want to bake, the kitchen will be all yours this afternoon.”
“Really?” Those eyes were gleaming with excitement. Jenny not only had family, she had blood relatives. She had a grandmother and an aunt who shared her winning smile. The orphan belonged in this world. I was happy it was turning out this way.
“Really.” Suddenly caught up in a tight squeeze by a pair of overly enthusiastic arms that wrapped around me like an octopus and wouldn’t let go, it took me a moment to extricate my own arms and hug back. “Go. Go have fun with your grandparents.”
Laurel scooted in from the butler’s pantry in her motorized scooter in time to see Jenny skip out with the Ford Focus key fob in hand.
“Well, I hate to say it but I think our little girl is going off for good soon.”
“Probably,” I smiled, feeling a little ache in the back of my throat. “I’m going to miss her.”
“We all will. Still, you took on quite a challenge, dear. I’m very proud of you.”
“Are you, Mama?”
“Between saving the girl’s life and then the dog....”
“Thanks. It means a lot to hear you say that.” I leaned down and kissed her cheek. Her hair smelled like raspberry sorbet and I giggled. Jenny had taken her to the mall earlier in the week for some shopping, and they had stopped at Macy’s for some indulgences. In such a short time, Jenny had brought a lot of life to the inn.
“Whatever will we do as an encore?” my mother wondered.
I sat down with her to go over the plans for dinner, since this would be family only. Already I thought of Tony and Maria as long-lost distant relatives. How else could I let Jenny’s grandmother use my kitchen?
We decided to dine on the enclosed porch off the kitchen. That way, we could open all the windows and get a nice breeze, but the screens would keep the mosquitoes out. They had been brutal for most of the summer nights, arriving at dusk for a little blood-sucking, and they came in swarms, thanks to some rainy weather early in the season.
Kenny claimed the title of grill master, so I left him to it. He set up Bur’s gas-powered cart just off the porch, where there were patio chairs and tables for those who wanted to sit outside while the sun was still out. He marinated his steaks while I made twice-baked potatoes, sliced fresh tomatoes to scallop with saltines and butter, and tossed a big salad. My mother suggested shrimp cocktail as a starter, so I cooked and chilled the seafood. Willow stopped by to check on Mozzie, so I asked her to join us for dinner and to bring Myrtle.
“Mom’s off with her friends tonight. Bridge game. I, on the other hand, am free. Love to join you. What would you like me to bring?”
“What about an appetizer, something to nibble on?”
“Will do. See you at six.”
Bur and Kenny set up the long tables on the porch before Bur left to pick up his date. I threw on checkered cloths, filled a couple of vases with a cheerful assortment of zinnias, snapdragons, and bachelor buttons to set at either end, and then added the place settings to the picture perfect scene. I wanted it to be a worthy memory for Jenny, a “remember the time” kind of moment. I would snap lots of photos for her memory box.
“Miz Scarlet,” said the man with the tongs, “do we have time for a hike before the crowd shows up?”
Huck and January scampered along the trail as we made our way up to the summit and down the east side of White Oak Hill. We stopped at the pond where we used to swim when we were kids long enough to dip our toes in the cool, clear water and take in all that glorious tranquility.
“It’s still beautiful here,” he told me, holding my hand.
“Mmm....” I replied dreamily. “This is a perfect day.”
“I was talking to my bosses recently about opening a branch office for Mercer Security.”
“Really?” It took a moment before that news made its way into my conscious brain. I sat up straight and looked Kenny in the eye. “Where? You’re not going to tell me you’re moving away, are you?”
My heart was fluttering in my chest as those eyes, dark with disappointment, stared at me. I must have given him the wrong answer. He let out a long sigh before he said, “Are you crackers? I’m trying to tell you I want to open an office in Hartford.”
“Seriously?” “Oh, fan-freaking-tastic!” I whooped with delight, and as I did, he tilted his head to one side and wiggled his eyebrows.
“Of course it is!” He caught me as I threw myself at him, wrapping my arms around his neck and kissing him with the enthusiasm of a lusty teenager. Who says love is only for the young?
We changed from hiking clothes to more formal attire when we got back to the inn. I threw on a cotton shift and sandals. Kenny wore a plaid Madras shirt and a pair of Dockers shorts with boat shoes. My mother was already out in the garden with Lacey and Willow, the pitcher of ice tea on the table with their glasses filled. The crowd began to gather as we neared the dinner hour.
Tony moved Mozzie’s crate to a quiet corner on the porch, so the little dog could be with us for the celebration. By the time we were almost ready to sit down, Bur had not yet arrived.
“Typical Poup behavior,” I sniffed with great disdain. “Leave it to him to be late.”
“Maybe his date was delayed,” my mother suggested. Was that a twinkle in her eye?
“Speak of the devil. Looks like they just arrived,” said Lacey, pointing to the driveway. Sure enough, there was Bur’s car. And who was that emerging from the passenger side?
“Larry!”
“Surprised?” the homicide investigator asked, as she hugged us, starting with a very delighted Jenny. “You didn’t think old Auntie Larry would miss this moment, did you? Not after I saved your butt up there on that mountain!”
Jenny did the honors, introducing her grandparents. I noticed Larry looked them over carefully, like they were possible suspects for some heinous crime, even as she shook their hands. Still playing the role of bad cop, ready to jump into the fracas should they turn out to be wanted felons...or unwanted grandparents.
We got the party started. While Kenny fired up the gas grill, Willow brought out her bean dip, salsa, and tortilla chips, and I grabbed the drink orders, which Bur filled in the butler’s pantry. By the time we sat down to eat, everyone was laughing and swapping stories.
A little after seven, Jenny and her grandmother went to the kitchen to carry out the pies. I followed with the vanilla bean ice cream and a scoop. The oohs and aahs rose up in chorus as the pies were placed on the table. I had to admit the lattice work crust was perfect.
“So, squirt, when are you moving to California?” Leave it to the Pouponmeister to bring the skunk to the picnic table.
“Uh, actually we talked about it this afternoon.”
“Oh, please don’t tell me you’re leaving tomorrow.” That was Laurel, her lower lip stuck out into a mock pout. “Who will drive me to the mall on Tuesday? Can’t we have her at least one more week?”
“And what about Mozzie? The vet hasn’t cleared him to travel yet,” I pointed out helpfully.
“It’s all about you, isn’t it?” my brother scoffed. I gave him a hard glare, which he completely ignored.
“I think you’ll have to clear it first with Sarge in New Jersey,” Larry added. “It depends on what the District Attorney’s office decides....”
“I’m not going anywhere,” Jenny cut in.
“What?” That was Lacey.
“You’re not?” Bur was shocked.
“I’m staying, at least for a while. With all the things that have happened in the last couple months....”
“You’re staying?” I was stunned. “You’re not pulling a vanishing act?”
“If it’s okay with you...unless you want me to go.”
“Oh, that’s wonderful news.” I hugged her. “Please stay.”
“Grandma and Grandpa thought your idea about me taking a class or two was good. I’m just not ready to go to school full time, not after my mom....”
“And we still have to sort out the mess with your stepfather in probate court,” Kenny reminded everyone.
I looked at the Googins girls, Kenny, and Bur. We still hadn’t given her the news about Christina.
“Besides, I want to make sure that my mother’s name is on the headstone up at the cemetery in Maine.”
“I don’t understand, Jenny. I thought your stepfather buried her.”
“No. We just had a memorial service. She left instructions that she was supposed to be cremated and the urn with her ashes was supposed to go next to her sister, my birth mother. I don’t think Steve’s done that yet.”

Chapter Sixteen --

“Your birth what?” That was Willow. “You were adopted?”
“My mom died right after I was born, and my aunt took me in. She told me all about what happened when I was eight and asked me what I wanted to do. I told her I wanted to belong to her, so we went to the court and the judge declared me adopted. Why are you all looking at me that way? It’s legal.”
“Does your stepfather know about it?” Kenny wondered.
“I don’t know. Why?”
“Jen, do you have a safety deposit box at a bank, by any chance?” he asked.
“Sure, my mother insisted I get one a couple of years ago, when she first got sick. There’s no money in there, if that’s what you’re thinking. It’s mostly papers and my certificate of adoption. I have the key upstairs.”
“But not your birth certificate. The sheriff found that in the box we collected from the garage,” Kenny told her.
“That’s not the original,” was Jenny’s reply. “It’s a duplicate. For some reason, Steve sent for it. He said he had to have it after Mom died.”
“But did he know Vivian adopted you?” I leaned forward, curious.
“I don’t know. I don’t think the subject ever really came up, Miz Scarlet. Mom and I didn’t need to talk about it.”
“Holy cow, kiddo! Do you have any idea how worried we were that your stepfather had a legal claim to Vivian’s estate because you were Christina’s daughter?”
“Really, Miz Scarlet?” asked the confused teenager. “You mean you thought my adopted mom kept it a secret from me? No, she wasn’t like that. She was very honest about it.”
“No wonder the girl wasn’t upset when her grandparents arrived,” Lacey shook her head in amazement. “She knew about Christina.”
“Boy, you people really are something else,” Larry quipped, giving us all a big grin. “That’s some detective work you did. Maybe you should stick to finding lost cats.”
“Lost cats? You mean like him? He walked in one day and never left.” Scrub Oak, perched on the arm of a wicker settee in the corner by the dog crate, looked up briefly at Bur before resuming his paw bath, one eye on the napping spaniel. “We plastered posters all over the neighborhood, but nobody wanted the old flea bag.”
“He has his own charm,” Laurel said in the feline’s defense. “He grows on you.”
I turned the conversation back to Larry’s contention that we were not high caliber detective material.
“We did okay on that New Jersey case,” I insisted, standing my ground. “How long would it have taken Sarge and his buddies to crack that puzzle of the Hinson house?”
Larry snorted derisively in my direction, gold bangles clinking on her wrist as she tried to erase the importance of the discoveries we made on her invisible air blackboard. 
“Oh, pull-ease! You think the judge is going to look at your handiwork and say, ‘Whoopee! The case is solved, courtesy of Miz Scarlet...’? Nope. Naw. Un-un. No way, no how, and hell, no! You didn’t crack the case. It’s more like you hammered a teeny tiny little nail hole into the wall and got the ball rolling. In real police work, the investigators have to meet certain requirements. There has to be physical evidence, not just supposition. Right now, it’s still just a theory that is not even prosecutable. Richie was left as shark bait, floating on the ocean and no one has yet been fingered for that. And we still don’t know who actually masterminded the whole scheme.”
“Oh,” Kenny laughed, “I guess you haven’t heard. Sarge called me a while ago. The New Jersey State Police raided Aura Cleanse, based on information Bobby told them as part of his plea deal. Are you ready for the identity of the person behind the whole shebang?”
All eyes were on Kenny, who knew it and enjoyed the long pause. He put his hands on the table and began drumming softly, then gave it a little more oomph, and then abruptly stopped.
“Well?” I demanded.
“Come on!” Bur insisted. “Don’t hold back!”
“You haven’t figured this out yet?” Kenny was having fun at our expense. That had to mean the actual answer must be somehow obvious. Paolo, Lyric, and Opal were in on it, and they financed their dream jobs by defrauding the suckers who bought into their con game, but none of them was the mastermind. Nor the killer of Richie.
“Oh, wait. This wasn’t about jewels. The gems were used to finance the construction, and the goal was to sell the hurricane-damaged properties at a profit to fund their financial empires. That must mean that the mastermind is Opal’s husband....”
“Lars Weims!” The Poup shouted out, trying to beat me to the punch. “So much for not solving the case, Larry!”
“Oh, you got lucky! You still can’t call that solving the case. Hell, you didn’t even muss up your pretty boy hair, Slick.”
“’Slick’? Did you just call me ‘Slick’?” My brother feigned dismay.
 “Oh, brother!” Larry groaned. “Are you really shocked by this?”
Jenny, holding Mozzie in her lap while she gave him his medicine, giggled. The homicide investigator watched her for a moment, her look softening. “Poor Jenny went from having no family at all to having too much family. Look at you, surrounded by all these people who love you.”
“I know. Isn’t it just amazing? I still can’t believe my luck!”
“Luck has little to do with it, Jen. We’re just delighted that we’ve had the chance to know you,” Laurel told the girl. “You’re a wonderful addition to this extended family.”
“Besides, how can you ever have too much family?” Lacey wanted to know. “We may be feisty and opinionated, but by Jove, we’re fun people!”
“That’s one way to look at the Googins dynasty,” Willow laughed. “Others might suggest we’re all a bit bonkers.”
The conversation quickly spiraled into silliness, as we recalled some of the family’s most inventive exploits and hysterical mishaps, including the time Bur was chased by an angry beaver after he disassembled the critter’s dam.
“Getting back to the subject of California,” Tony broke in at last, “we’ve asked Jenny to visit us, so she has a chance to meet the rest of her father’s family and see where we live. We’re hoping that when she’s ready to go to college full-time, she’ll consider something near us.”
“Grandpa’s an almond farmer,” she told Larry. “He has a hundred acres of land and thousands of trees.”
“It’s a nutty job, but someone has to do it,” he joked. We all groaned.
“And he keeps honeybees, to pollinate the trees. Grandma tends to the hives and bottles the honey. She’s also a potter and has her own studio. She’s going to teach me to throw pots.”
“An artist? How lovely,” said Laurel. This was news to all of us. There were so many more pressing issues when Tony and Maria first arrived. Now we were getting to learn the ordinary details of their lives.
“And guess what. They want me to spend Thanksgiving and Christmas with them.”
“Wonderful idea,” several voices said at the same time.
“You’ll let me take some time off from work?” Jenny looked at me expectantly, and that’s when I realized how much it meant to her to call the Four Acorns Inn home. The little bird wasn’t quite ready to leave the temporary nest.
“Well, I think we can arrange something,” I promised. I looked up in time to see Tony watching me, so I winked. He relaxed his shoulders, leaving me to wonder if he was nervous about having a granddaughter who was a stranger. Did he worry about her rejecting the effort? I raised my glass in salute. “To the Jenny Project!”
 “And happy endings,” Kenny added.
“Here, here!” we all cheered. The teenager beamed her beautiful Martinez smile at us.
“Damn!” Larry grabbed her beeper from her waistband and looked down at the message. “Wouldn’t you know some idiot has to go and spoil a perfectly lovely day by whacking some poor schlub? I’ve got to go. Bur, do you mind driving me home, so I can pick up my car?”
“Not at all.”
“What a pity you have to leave,” said Laurel. “At least finish your pie, dear. That stiff isn’t going anywhere any time soon.”
“Story of my life,” she said, taking another bite and savoring the flavors. “Every time I get invited somewhere fun, I get called away. I’m getting too old for this nonsense.”
“You know, you ever want a job as a private investigator, you call me,” Kenny said as he poured himself some more wine. “The hours are better, the benefits are decent, and the pay is pretty good, too.”
“Tempting offer, Captain Peacock. No more calls in the middle of the night. No more traipsing up the mountain after wayward teenage girls.” She pretended to glare at Jenny, who burst into a giggle. “I would, but I have to stay in Connecticut until my kid’s off to college.”
“I understand what you’re saying. Your daughter’s wellbeing is a priority. What do you think about working out of Hartford?”
“She already does,” Bur pointed out.
“I’m talking about a job with Mercer Security, Poup.”
“For Larry?”
“Certainly not for you, buddy.”
“You’re opening an office in Hartford?” My brother’s mouth was open wide enough to catch some pretty large flies.
“Sometime in November,” Captain Peacock responded, a sly little smirk on his face.
“Kenny’s moving back here?” Laurel wanted to know. I turned to him and he nodded.
“He just told me a little while ago,” I admitted somewhat sheepishly.
“Oh, boy! That’s great news,” Jenny declared.
“Does that mean there’s going to be a....” Laurel looked a little pale, a hand to her chest. What was she trying to say?
“Do I hear wedding bells?” Lacey interrupted, putting a hand up to her ear.
“I’ve got dibs on matron of honor,” Larry announced. “And just remember that with my looks, I can carry off a really hot color. Fuchsia or tangerine. ”
“What about me?” the teenager shot back. “I should be in the wedding party. I’m like a daughter to Miz Scarlet.”
“Naw, you’re too pale. You need something dainty. Pink polka dots maybe, or lavender butterflies. You can be flower girl.”
“Says who?”
“Says me.”
“Ha! I’m eighteen! I’m too old for that.”
“What, you think you should be maid of honor? Over my dead body!” Larry tossed her dark curls back with a big flourish and sniffed haughtily, diva-like. “Besides, you’re too skinny to carry off a halter dress. It would just hang on your bony body. A woman like me, with curves, now that’s a different story!”
“You two done discussing Barbie’s dream wedding?” I asked, leaning back in my chair as I watched the pair of them bickering. “Because I didn’t hear anyone directly involved utter the word ‘marriage’ or ‘wedding’. You know something I don’t know?
“Well, Miz Scarlet, that depends,” replied the homicide expert.
“On what?”
“On whether Captain Peacock popped the question yet.”
“Did he?” That was my mother.
“Hold on, ma’am. I’m trying to interrogate your girl here. She knows something she’s not telling.”
“I do?”
“Save that phrase for when you march down the aisle,” Bur advised me.
“You might want to get out your rubber hose and knock her around a bit, just to get her to cooperate,” Laurel suggested to the state trooper, her delivery deadpan.
“You’re right. She’s not going down easy.” Larry was studying me closely, inching closer to my face, even as I shooed her away.
“Don’t you have a body to check out?” I retorted, feeling myself in the hot seat. Tony and Maria were laughing.
“The dead guy’s not walking away from the crime scene any time soon. Now, ‘fess up. Are you two getting hitched or not?”
“Hitched?” Playing dumb, I went boneless in my chair, slumping down, hoping they would all just shut up. “Don’t be silly!”
“Hitched, married, joined together in holy matrimony, tying the knot, jumping the broom....”
“You’re all jumping the gun,” I fired back, trying to deflect their interest.
“Are we?” My brother was smirking, enjoying every twitch I made.
“For the record, not that all you Nosy Parkers are entitled to an answer, Kenny and I have not discussed the subject of marriage yet. As a matter of fact, we are not even close to that point in our relationship.”
“Well, I don’t know that I’d go so far as to say that, Miz Scarlet. It’s certainly not on the table at the moment, but we also can’t rule it out as a future option,” said the man at my side, laughing.
“We can’t?” My heart went pitter-pat.
 “After all, if I’m going to be in Connecticut full-time, we’ll certainly have a chance to determine whether our relationship is hot, hot, hot!”
“Does that mean our relationship is hot at the moment?”
“More like hot, hot,” he corrected me. “And I’m looking forward to kicking it up a notch.”
“You heard him, folks. Captain Peacock is going to take my sister off my hands. Amen!”
“Oh, be quiet!” I wagged a warning finger at him across the table. “That’s not what Kenny just said!”
“Finally a bride, instead of the eternal bridesmaid. Who would have ever believed little old Scarlet Wilson, the spinster, would ever be walking down the aisle?” Why don’t you just jinx it, you bum!
“This from a man who’s been married how many times now? Is it two or three? I keep forgetting!”
“I’d better get going while the going is good,” said Larry, standing up, “before there’s a double homicide at the Four Acorns Inn.”
“If they haven’t killed each other yet, we’re probably safe,” my mother replied drolly. “These two have a long history of sibling rivalry.”
“You never know when things might turn deadly,” said Kenny. “Miz Scarlet still doesn’t know about the time Colonel Grey Poupon borrowed her tennis racquet just before the tournament and....”
“Nice going, Captain Peacock!” Bur was easing himself out of his chair, backing away from the table.
“That was you? You’re the rat who broke my racquet?” I stood up, incensed. “I can’t believe you sabotaged my tennis tournament! What a....”
“Talk about looks that can kill,” said Willow. “You’re a marked man, Bur.”
“Come on, Larry. Our cue to run. Bye, everybody!”
“Colonel Grey Poupon, you beast!” I was on my feet as he made his escape out the porch door.
“Cover me, copper!” he hollered as he hurried Larry down the garden path towards the car in the driveway. “My sister’s armed and dangerous!”
“Don’t you go expecting me to save your butt, Bur Wilson. Did you really steal your sister’s tennis racquet before the big tournament and break it?”
“Can’t you run any faster, Larry?”
“In these heels? Get real. And I’m still waiting for an answer about that tennis racquet, mister!”

Contact the author: sarabartonmysteries@gmail.com

Author’s blog: http://sarabartonmysteries.blogspot.com

Review me:
Goodreads: http://www.goodreads.com/sarambarton
Library Thing: http://www.librarything.com/author/bartonsara

Connect with me:
Twitter: @bartonmysteries
Facebook fan page: sarabartonmysteries

Other books by Sara M. Barton:
Henry Hartman’s Holiday Crisis: An Off-the-Books Mystery #1
Henry Hartman's Boondoggle Crisis: An Off-the-Books Mystery #2
Miz Scarlet and the Imposing Imposter: A Scarlet Wilson Mystery #1
Snow White and the Hunter: A Gabby Grimm Fairy Tale Mystery #1
Where’s Hansel and Gretel’s Gingerbread House?: A Gabby Grimm Fairy Tale Mystery #2
Little Red Riding Hood and the Secret Cookie Recipe: A Gabby Grimm Fairy Tale Mystery #3
Let Slip the Dogs of War: A Bard’s Bed & Breakfast Mystery #1
A Plague O’ Both Your Houses: A Bard’s Bed & Breakfast Mystery #2
Run for Your Life, Riley Horton! A Tell No One Mystery #1
What Evil Lurks in Monet’s Pond? A Paint an Impression of Murder Mystery #1
