



A CUP OF COZY


By Linda P. Kozar

From the authors of
COZY MYSTERY MAGAZINE


Copyright © 2013 by Linda P. Kozar

Cover design: istockphoto:

Background: ©iStock.com/gordana jovanovic
Design and Layout: S. Dionne Moore

* * * * *

Thank you for downloading this eBook. This book remains the copyrighted property of the author and may not be reproduced, scanned, or distributed for any commercial or non-commercial use without permission from the author.  Quotes used in reviews are the exception. No alteration of content is allowed. If you enjoyed this book, then encourage your friends to download the author’s other works.

Your support and respect for the property of this author is appreciated.

This book is a work of fiction and any resemblance to persons, living or dead, or places, events or locales is purely coincidental. The characters are productions of the author’s imagination and used fictitiously.

PUBLISHED BY:
Linda P. Kozar on SMASHWORDS



A Cup of Cozy

Table of Contents


A CUP OF CHRISTMAS TEA--by LINDA P. KOZAR
Sugar‘n Spice and Everything Nice Cookie Recipe

HARDY’S CHRISTMAS TRIUMPH--by S. DIONNE MOORE
Tinsel Toffee Recipe

THE CHRISTMAS CANDY MYSTERY—by C.L. RAGSDALE
Buttermilk Fudge Recipe

A SNEAK PEEK AT SOME MYSTERIES FROM OUR
COZY MYSTERY MAGAZINE AUTHORS

GOOD CLEAN MURDER, by TRACI TYNE HILTON
THAT WASN’T CHICKEN—by LINDA P. KOZAR
TERROR ON TYBEE ISLAND, by DEBORAH MALONE
MURDER ON THE OL’ BUNIONS--S. DIONNE MOORE
CHASING LADY MIDNIGHT--by C.L. RAGSDALE
WAITING FOR SANTA--by NANCY JILL THAMES

BONUS RECIPE! Cheery Chocolate Teddy Bear Cookies





A Cup of Christmas Tea

By Linda P. Kozar

A jagged spear of lightning ripped across the sky, followed by a sudden crash of thunder. Startled, Ophelia Hunter jumped back from the window, cookie cutter in hand.  
“Too close. That one was too close.” Her blue-eyed border collie, Jake cocked his head to the side as if in agreement. 
Her cell phone jingled the Christmas ringtone she’d downloaded. “Sam! Hi Honey. Not much. Making cookies for the women’s shelter. They’re having a Christmas party for the kids.” Sergeant Barnes is dressing as Santa.” She let out a nervous laugh.
Here it comes.
She paused as he asked her the question she dreaded. “No, I-I don’t have an answer for you, yet. Please let me pray about it some more. I know you’re deploying in a couple of months, but I don’t know what I’d do if you . . .”
Sam had asked her to marry him a few days ago, but the fear of losing him was too strong. The loss of her father in an accident last year, and her mother just four months ago to cancer had left her in an unsettled state. Though her heart wanted to offer a joyful yes, raw fear gripped it.
“I need a little time, that’s all. You know how much I love you. Okay, I promise. Love you. Bye.”
Ophelia took a deep breath, put the cookie cutter back on the cutting board and looked up at the ceiling. “Lord, I don’t know what to do. I love Sam with all my heart and I want to be his wife but I don’t want to be a lonely widow or single mother like the ones in the women’s shelter.” The tears came like a flood and she sank to the cold floor. “I-I don’t want to lose anyone else. Hurts too much.” She buried her face in a dishtowel as the lightening and thunder cut across the sky.
A few minutes later, her emotions spent, she wiped her tears and got back to work. She placed the last of the sugar cookies on the baking sheet and popped it in the oven. “There, that’s the last batch.” Ophelia glanced at her beloved pet and managed a smile. 
This time she was certain Jake knew what she was talking about. He licked the sides of his mouth in anticipation.
She brushed her hands together and untied her apron. But as she did, the doorbell rang. Ophelia paused in the hallway to check her appearance in the mirror. Though her eyes were a bit puffy, there was no flour on her cheeks. Her wavy black hair was still tucked neatly under a knitted headband. She opened the door.
“Thank goodness!” An older woman motioned to the younger one behind her and the two charged through the door as thunder boomed, clipping the Christmas wreath with the boxes they held. A spray of needles landed on the welcome mat. 
“Aunt Nancy? Jennifer? Come on—in.” Ophelia welcomed the two, but they were already on their way to her kitchen. A fresh chill in the air, she closed the door on the pounding rain the two were trying to escape and joined them. 
“Ladies, what a surprise!” 
“We just missed getting soaked.” Jennifer plonked down her box on the kitchen table and sank into a chair. “We saw it coming. The lightning was intense. I’ve never been so scared. Another second and--”
“We’d have looked like drowned rats.”
Jennifer laughed. “I don’t know what a drowned rat looks like, Mama.”
Nancy took off her glasses and wiped them on the hem of the skirt. “Well, Honey I sure do. We saw plenty of them on the farm. They were always getting into the cistern.”
“Enough with the rats.” Ophelia laughed and embraced the two women. 
Aunt Nancy, a woman in her sixties, looked at least ten years younger. She wore her hair in an attractive brown bob. Her trendy glasses and lipstick matched the free-flowing bohemian skirt and loose cable knit sweater she wore to cover “her indulgences,” her aunt’s code word for hips.  
Knowing her penchant for sweets, Ophelia wasn’t surprised when she saw her aunt sniff the air and follow her nose to the kitchen counter where twelve-dozen sugar cookies were cooling on racks. 
Good thing I made a Baker’s dozen. “They’re not iced yet.”
Nancy’s eyes lit up. “May I? With or without icing these are irresistible.” 
“Sure, go ahead. 
Jake, right on her heels, whimpered. Aunt Nancy smiled and broke off a bit of cookie, which he happily dispatched.
“Can I offer you ladies some tea?”
Nancy clapped her hands together, the bangle bracelets on her wrists clanging as she did. “That would be lovely. Yes, please.”
Her cousin shivered. “Tea would be perfect. Did you feel that front when we came in? Temps are supposed to dip into the twenties tonight.”
“Great, I’ll make you my special ginger milk tea. There’s no better tea for a cold day—ginger warms you from the inside out.” She put a pot of water on the stove to boil and began peeling a fresh ginger root with a paring knife, cutting as she went, dropping the slices directly into the water.
“And I have just the teapot for your special tea.” Her aunt and cousin shared a knowing look.
“Huh?”
Nancy opened a brown box, pulled it from tissue paper and slowly lifted the teapot out. White porcelain circled with green holly and red berries at the base, the vintage pot had touches of gold around the rim, spout and cover.
Ophelia gasped. “It’s beautiful!”
“Don’t you love it? We immediately thought of you when we came across it, well, when Jen found it packed away in a closet.“
“We know how you love teapots. How big is your collection now?”
“I don’t know. I’ve lost count.”
“Well, here’s one more to add to your teapot hoard. I’m sure mother would want you to have it. You certainly inherited her passion for tea.”
Ophelia grasped the pot, careful to hold the cover in place as she examined it. “I don’t know what to say. It’s lovely.”
The oven timer went off. Her cousin jumped up, grabbed a potholder and pulled the cookie sheet out the oven, the sugary scent of the last batch filling the air.
“Well, I have an idea.” Aunt Nancy pulled out a chair and sat. “Why don’t you wash it and use it for our tea? I’d love to take tea from mother’s special Christmas teapot.”
“Good idea.” Ophelia set herself to the task. “It’s certainly the right season. Can you believe it’s only three weeks away?” 
Nancy winked at her daughter. “I have to confess.”
“Confess what?”
“Jen and I brought you the teapot for a special reason.”
Ophelia rocked her head from side to side. “I don’t think I like the looks in your eyes. Are you two up to something?”
Jennifer winked. “Maybe--here it is. The teapot always goes to the eldest daughter, of which you are, when she marries.”
Ophelia swallowed hard. The word “marry” brought a lump to her throat. “But I’m not . . . “
“Didn’t Sam ask you?” Jennifer’s mouth fell open.
Ophelia couldn’t speak. She moved her mouth, but no sound came out—at first. Then she told them the story.
Nancy waved her away. “Stop worrying so much and marry the man. You love each other. Everyone in town knows it.”
“I-I don’t’ know what’s wrong with m-me.” 
Tear and stutters were all she could get out at first.  “I t-told him I-I’d marry him when he comes back for good--in three years. B-but he doesn’t want to wait t-that long, which-which m-makes me worry that he’s worried he w-won’t come back.”
Jennifer cradled her face in her hands, elbows on the table. “You know what your problem is.
“No, what?”
“You worry too much. Quit thinking about things. Going over and over stuff in your head will make you crazy. Don’t you love him?”
“Of course I do!”
“Glad to hear that. Then what’s holding you back?” Nancy blinked.
Ophelia shook her head. 
Most likely realizing she wouldn’t get an answer from Ophelia, her aunt, eyes dancing merrily, gestured as if drinking a cup of tea. 
Ophelia grinned and set to work--swishing the inside of the pot with hot water and dishwashing liquid, careful to run a small bottlebrush up the spout. It was quite obvious the pot hadn’t been used in years. By the time she finished washing and filling the teapot with hot water to warm, the time had come to add some black tea to the ginger root concoction. That done--she placed the lid on to let it steep.
She plated the last batch and placed the cookies on the table with teacups and saucers, napkins and silver spoons. “Tell me how the inventory is going.” 
The two ladies were busy going through Grandma Riley’s house, preparing items for a January estate sale. She’d lived alone until two months ago when she fell and broke her hip. A plucky woman for her eighty-nine years, she’d taken immobility hard.
Her cousin shrugged. The two were about the same age—late twenties, but her cousin favored the other side of the family.” Red-hair’d, freckle-faced and full of persimmons,” as Grandmother would say.
“She’s not handling this well, but we can’t let her live alone any more. It’s just too dangerous for a woman her age. She tripped over her cat. That’s how she fell, you know. It’s all Daisy’s fault.”
Nancy huffed her disapproval. “Daisy would disagree.”
“Well, you’re stuck with her now.”
“Unless, you’d like the sweet widdle kittycat?” Her aunt looked at Ophelia, a hopeful glint in her eyes. 
“Not me. Cats make me wheeze.”
Judging by the time, Ophelia knew the tea was ready. She heated a half-cup of half and half in the microwave and poured it into the teapot. Then she added a fourth cup of fresh honey and stirred. Finally, she placed a hand-quilted tea cozy over the pot to keep the tea warm.
She filled three cups and passed a cup and saucer to each of the women.
With her first sip, Aunt Nancy smiled. “Why, it’s delightful! And the ginger gives the taste a real kick at the end.”
Jennifer sputtered after downing the hot tea in one long sip. “You’re not kidding. This stuff warms the throat on the way down.” The cup clattered into the saucer. “I like it.” She blinked. “I hope you’ll give me the recipe before we leave.”
“Of course.”
“Good—I mean I know I watched you make the tea, but if I tried to recreate what you did later, I’d fail. Guess I should pay better attention to detail, huh?”
“I’ll write it down.”
“Thanks.”
Nancy interrupted. “Jennifer, tell her what’s in the other box. Go on.”
Her cousin immediately loosened the flaps on the small box revealing several bundles of letters. Jennifer smiled. “We figured you’re the only one with enough patience to go through these letters and maybe put them in a scrapbook or something. I mean--this stuff is family history.”
Ophelia smiled. “You know me too well. I’ll spend every evening after work for the next few months reading them.“ She paused. “Anybody want to top off their tea?” She held up the pot.
Neither woman wanted more, so she topped off her own cup. But as the amber liquid flowed out, she noticed something solid settle at the bottom. A piece of ginger? She dipped her spoon into the cup to fish it out and let out a gasp.
“What’s wrong?” Nancy leaned forward.
Ophelia held up the spoon and pulled the object up between her thumb and index finger.
Jennifer brought her hands to her cheeks. “Is that a?”
Ophelia nodded. “It is.” She took a deep breath. “A diamond!”

“What would a diamond be doing in a teapot?” Nancy reached for it and rolled it around in her palm. “Sure is sparkly.” She held it up to her eyeball. “Pear-shaped. I reckon it’s about half or maybe even two-thirds of a caret.”
“Maybe it dislodged when I cleaned the pot.” Ophelia pulled off the tea cozy and removed the lid to examine the inside. “See, there’s a chip inside where the spout connects to the pot. It could have lodged in there and come out when I used the bottle brush.”
Jennifer let out a whistle. “But who does the diamond belong to? And how did it wind up inside the teapot?”
“It’s Mama’s teapot, so I have to assume it’s hers. As to how it got there, we can only guess.”
“But Grams has her wedding ring. It was on her finger when we visited her yesterday. She never takes it off. Heaven knows the medical staff tried, but she got feisty with them.”
Ophelia shook her head. “Well, maybe the diamond belonged to great grandmother. You said the teapot had been passed down.”
“Looks like we have a mystery on our hands.” Nancy shook her head. “Jennifer and I have to get back to the house.” She stood. “The rain’s stopped and we can get in a few more hours before dark.” She winked at her daughter. “Let’s leave the detective work to Ophelia.”
“Me?”
Jennifer stood and followed her mother to the door. She turned before exiting and smiled. “We’ll keep our eyes out for any clues we run across in the house. You’ve got to find out who that diamond belongs to. After all, you’re the most qualified.” 
With that, she shut the door behind her.
Ophelia supposed her cousin was referring to the job. A police officer for the past four years, the family looked to her for every crisis and problem, assuming she’d know what to do. But they all ignored the fact that Ophelia worked a dull little desk job most of the time and occasionally filled in as a school crossing guard.
She held the diamond up to catch the light and to her surprise, her thoughts manifested out loud. “But I’m not a detective . . . ” 
Jake padded over to the kitchen table and rested his head on her lap, a sympathetic look in his eyes. 
In any case, the mystery had been dropped in her lap, or rather—teacup, and it would be up to her to find out what she could. She resolved to pay a visit to her grandmother the next day.
* * *
The crabby nurse at the front desk made no effort to hide her disinterest when Ophelia walked in. “Sign the guest register.  State who you’re visiting, as well as time in and time out when you leave. Riley Brighton is in Room 105, to your right.”
Ophelia entered her grandmother’s room. Bright light from a northern exposure filled the room with cheerful rays of sunlight. A glass vase containing the pink peonies she’d brought during her last visit was beginning to fade. But the bed was empty.
A young nurse paused at the door. “Officer, Mrs. Brighton will be right back from her physical therapy. Make yourself comfortable.”
“Thanks.” Grateful the nurses weren’t all crabby, she set about changing out the vase with a fresh bouquet she’d picked up on the way.  Sunflowers.
The woman in the other bed narrowed her eyes when she noticed the police uniform. She gestured to the empty bed. “So what did she do? That woman always did look shifty to me.”
Ophelia laughed out loud in spite of her attempts to restrain herself. “Nothing, she’s my grandmother.”
“Oh,” the elderly woman’s face relaxed. “Sorry.”
Ophelia smiled at her. “Don’t worry about it. I get that a lot. Comes with the uniform.”
An attendant wheeled her grandmother in, but Ophelia could see right away that the visit might not be as productive as she thought. Her gramma looked tired. In addition, there was a blank expression on her face.
The nurse settled her in. Her head now propped comfortably on a couple of pillows, the paper-thin skin around her gramma’s eyes crinkled as she smiled. “Ophie, I-I’m glad to see your pretty face.”
“And I’m glad to see yours too.” She kissed her cheek. “You must be tired.”
“I am, child. They ran me through the wringer today.” She closed her eyes for a moment. 
Was her grandmother simply tired from the therapy session or under the effects of medication? At any rate, Ophelia wondered if she would find out anything from her today. 
“I won’t keep you long. I can see that you need your rest.”
“Oh that’s perfectly all right. I like having you here, Sweetie. What can I do for you?”
“I came here today to ask you a question.”
“Question?”
“Gramma, do you know anything about a lost diamond?”
Her voice now a low rasp, Grandma Riley replied. “A diamond? My goodness, no.” She glanced at her hand. “Mine is right here, thank the Lord.”
“I can see that, and a lovely stone it is. But do you recall ever losing a diamond out of your ring?”
“Oh my, no.” She tapped the stone on her left hand with her index finger. This is the ring my Bobby gave me the day we were engaged.”
“So you don’t remember losing a diamond like this?” 
When she placed the glittering gemstone in her grandmother’s palm, an odd expression came over her gramma’s face, as if some spark of memory was trying to form. But the expression passed quickly. 
“My, how it shines!”
“You don’t remember losing or misplacing a pear-shaped diamond like this?”
“Hmmm, no. I wish I could remember. Where did you find it?”
“In your old Christmas teapot.”
“Christmas teapot, you say? Did I have one?”
Disappointed, she replied. “Yes, Gramma, you do, or did.” She described it to her, but her memory prompts were unsuccessful.
When she left the nursing home, Ophelia sat in the squad car for a moment, thinking about her next move. Gram’s memory was not in the best of shape right now. Was it due to the fall and subsequent medication? Or another reason, one she didn’t want to entertain. She sighed.
Perhaps a visit to Great Aunt Hattie might prove fruitful. Although the plucky woman was eighty-three, she seemed to remember everything—at least from the past.  
* * *
Though she had to show up for school traffic duty at 2:15, Ophelia found a fifteen-minute window to stop by Hattie’s house.
In contrast to Grandma Riley’s home, Hattie’s small one-story was neat as a pin, though it smelled of mothballs. Her great aunt’s long white hair was pinned neatly into a bun atop her head. Pale skin, fragile as butterfly wings crinkled when she smiled.
“Thanks for letting me drop by. I don’t have much time.”
Hattie pointed to a plate of goodies. “No time for cookies? I’m sorry they’re store-bought. I don’t have the energy to bake any more.”
“That’s okay, no thanks, Auntie.”
“Well, what can I do for you, Child?”
Ophelia pulled the diamond out of a small plastic bag and held it up. “I found this in one of Grandma Riley’s old teapots.”
“A diamond in a teapot? How odd!” Hattie waved her hand for Ophelia to come in closer. “Let me get a gander at it. Is it real?”
She placed the stone in Hattie’s palm. “We think so. I mean—me, Nancy and Jennifer.”
“Hmmm. This looks familiar.” She picked up a magnifying glass. “Now that’s better.” She sat back in her chair. “Where did you say you found it?”
“In her old Christmas teapot.” She described it to her.
Hattie nodded. “That’s the teapot she inherited from our great-great grandmother Sorcha. She brought it with her on the boat when she emigrated here from Ireland.”
“Really?”
“Yes, the teapot is bone china, very old and very valuable, at least in memories. Sorcha came here to marry her fiancé. The teapot was passed to her from her mother, as a wedding gift. And when her daughter married, she was to continue the tradition. The teapot is to be passed down to the eldest daughter on the eve of her wedding.”
Ophelia paused, her curiosity piqued. “But my mother was the eldest. Why didn’t grandma give it to her when she married?”
Silent, her aunt stared ahead, deep in thought. “Let me see that stone again.” 
She placed it in her hand, and her great aunt poised the magnifying glass over it once again. “No, it couldn’t be.”
Ophelia cocked her head to the side, anxious to hear more.
Hattie’s right hand began to shake. “T-this stone reminds me of the one in her wedding band.” 
Ophelia sat back in her chair. “But I just saw her today. She showed me her ring and the stone isn’t missing.”
Hattie closed her eyes and took a deep breath. “Not that one, dear--the one from her first marriage.”
* * *
The next day Aunt Nancy and Jennifer sipped tea at her kitchen table again.
Nancy looked at Ophelia, her eyes searching. “Thanks for having us over again. How was work today, dear?”
“I’m on crossing guard duty again. And if it’s not that, I’m stuck on desk duty.”
Aunt Nancy lifted a brow. “Why don’t you ask to be put on active duty or whatever it’s called? You used to do that.”
Ophelia bit her lip. “You know why.”
Jennifer slammed her fist on the table, tea showering the tablecloth. “Just because you choked the first time you had to shoot at a criminal doesn’t mean you should give up. You’ve been running scared ever since!”
Ophelia stood and paced the room. “That’s what Sam always says . . . ”
Nancy mopped up the spilled tea with napkins, but not before she glanced at her daughter. 
“Well, it’s true. You need to face your fears and get on with it.”
Her aunt gave Jennifer a laser look. But her eyes were full of sympathy for Ophelia. “Besides, you’ve been through a lot, dear. This past year especially.” She clapped her hands together. “Time to change the subject and get to the business of why we’re here.”
Jen inhaled deeply and let it out. Her expression relaxed. “Okay, okay. So Ophie, tell us what Great Aunt Hattie said.”
Ophelia nodded and sat down. “Well, apparently, Grandma Riley was married before and her husband died in the war. Missing in action back in World War II.” As she said it, a shudder rippled through Ophelia. Sam . . .
Nancy added, “And that’s not all, is it? I can tell by the look on your face.”
Jennifer put her cup down. 
“You’re right, that isn’t all.” Ophelia paused. 
“Hattie said the day Gramma found out about her husband was the same day she lost her diamond from her wedding band. She never did find it. Hattie told me her sister was heartbroken.”
“How awful! Why didn’t any of us know?” Nancy put her cup down as well. “Mother never told us. Why wouldn’t she tell her own children something this important?”
Ophelia shook her head. “Hattie went on to tell me that Riley wanted to move on. Didn’t want to mention the past.”
Nancy nodded. “You know how people of that generation are. People didn’t wallow in memories or look back much. They put on a brave face and carried on.”
Jennifer rolled her eyes. “She may have carried on, but she carried that secret with her all these years. It must have bothered her.”
Ophelia hung her head low. “I’m the eldest, but I’m certainly not married yet. I should give the teapot back.”
“To who? Are you kidding me?” Jennifer’s voice grew shrill. “No way. You will be married soon.  Sam is a great guy.”
“Then why can’t I make up my mind?”
Jennifer looked up at the ceiling. “Oh, I don’t know—maybe ‘cause you’re scared.”
Ophelia stared back at her. “Point taken.”
Nancy reached for her hand. “Awh, Ophie, don’t give up on the guy. You can’t risk losing him. You two are perfect for one another.”
She wiped a tear away. “I don’t want to—I mean, I can’t talk about this right now.”
Her aunt responded quickly, “Okay, okay, back to mother. “ We have the stone, but where’s the ring?”
“That’s still a mystery. It could be anywhere in the house.”
Jennifer knocked on the table. “We’ve been making progress. I’m sure we’ll run across it eventually.”
“I’ll be over to help you girls this Saturday, on my day off.”
“Are you sure you’re ready for it? Won’t it be hard for you? After all, you had to go through all your parent’s things.”
Ophelia sighed. “No, it won’t be hard for me. Grams is still with us. It’s harder when you have to wade through so much stuff without anyone to share the memories with . . . ”
“I know that was hard for you.” Aunt Nancy’s lip trembled. “I miss my sissy something awful.”
The two shared a knowing look.
Jen gulped. “Thanks, we appreciate the help. It’s sweet of you to come on your only day off.”
“I feel guilty I haven’t been able to help sooner.”
Jen pointed to the box. “Have you been reading the letters?”
“Not yet. I left them on the table so I could start reading them systematically. I’ll bet there’s a clue in there somewhere.”
Nancy sipped what was left of her tea. “If we find the ring, and I hope and pray we do, let’s get a jeweler to fix it and then present it to her.”
Ophelia agreed. “A wonderful idea! I wonder how she would react to that, though.”
“I bet she’ll be thrilled. I mean, after all these years, to get her ring back. In wonder how it wound up in the teapot.” Jennifer picked up the cups and brought them to the sink.
Ophelia shrugged. “Maybe we’ll never know.”
“So start reading those letters, dear,” her aunt urged. “Why don’t you read one out loud for us now? We’re short on time, but can listen to one.”
“Me?” Ophelia pulled out a bundle and examined it. Bound with a faded blue satin ribbon, she slid the top letter out. The letters were all opened, probably with a letter opener, since the edges were cleanly cut. Though she hesitated at times, squinting to decipher the cramped and faded script, she began to recite what was written:

1943
My Darling Riley,

I miss you like crazy. Our battalion is plowing through snowdrifts up to six feet. Even with three pairs of wool socks under my boots, my feet feel like ice cubes. We keep moving never the less, plowing forward. Leathernecks to the core!
Bobby got sick with pneumonia last week and was shipped off to the infirmary. Been checking on my old pal whenever I get the chance, but haven’t heard anything. Keep him in your prayers. He had diphtheria as a kid and since then, never did have a good constitution. 
Sometimes I dream of Sunday dinners at home, mostly when I’m trying to stomach another can of potted meat. Promised myself I’d never let that stuff pass my lips again when I return.
At night I dream of your pot roast, carrots and potatoes, rice smothered in gravy and your lemon chiffon pie for dessert. We are always talking about our favorite meals back home. By the way, thanks for sending that tin of chocolate chip cookies. I passed them around to the guys. A little taste of home does a lot for morale.
Can’t wait to kiss your cheek every morning. I miss you something awful, sweetie-pie, but I’ll be home before you know it, God-willing. 

Forever yours,
Everett

“Jackpot! The first one you picked up!” Jennifer smiled.
Nancy was busy flipping through the letters. “Not necessarily. I’m been skimming these and it looks like all the letters are from him or to her. The military must have returned the letters with his belongings.”
“Wow, he really loved her.” Jennifer shook her head. “So sad that he never made it home.
Ophelia paused as a thought crossed her mind. “He mentioned a friend named Bobby. Could it be? Was he the same ‘Bobby’ Grandma Riley later married? Our Grandpa Robert?”
Nancy pushed her reading glasses to the top of her head. “Saints alive! My father? Robert’s my dad! And she met him through her first husband? It’s hard enough to wrap my head around the fact that mother was married before.” She brought a hand to her head and sank back in her chair dramatically. “I might need therapy after all this!”
Ophelia erupted in laughter. “We might all need therapy after this.”
Jen, still giggling, offered, “Maybe we can get a group rate.”
* * *
A couple of weeks later, the three stood around Grandma Riley’s bed at the convalescent home. Ophelia was glad to see her grandmother was far improved from the previous visit. Alert, her eyes twinkling, she was clearly excited to see them.
As Jennifer pushed Hattie’s wheelchair toward the side of the bed, she whispered to Ophelia, “You look pretty. Smell good too. Is that perfume? I can’t remember the last time you dabbed on some perfume.”
 Ophelia playfully scrunched her nose at her cousin while mouthing her thanks. She had planned the visit to coincide with her day off and set aside extra time to style her coils of long dark brown hair and apply makeup. Happy to ditch her uniform for a day, she’d donned an attractive green dress with matching emerald earrings, the ones Sam had given her last Christmas. After all, today was a special occasion.
To their amazement, Nancy had found the missing ring in an old hatbox with a faded wedding bouquet. Tied to the end of a faded ribbon, she told them how she’d spotted a flash of gold “and there it was”--the infamous ring with its empty prongs. 
The setting was unusual, but Hattie had enlightened them. The ring was set with the pear-shaped stone point down and a crown and on the curved end, which transformed it into the shape of an Irish Claddagh. The clasped hands on both sides of the ring declared avow of love, loyalty and friendship.
Aunt Nancy cleared her throat. “Mother, Ophelia has something, something very important to say to you.”
“Oh?” Grandmother Riley’s face lit up. “You’re getting married, dear?”
Ophelia looked from one to the other, panic seizing her heart. “No, not exactly. I mean, Sam and I are supposed to have dinner tonight and talk things over.”
Crestfallen, the elderly woman apologized. “I’m sorry, Ophie. I assumed . . . ”
She smiled. “That’s okay Grams.” Ophelia took a breath. “But, ah, Grandmother, we-we have something of yours and are here to give it back to you.”
Perplexed, Grandma Riley looked from one to the other. “Darling, I don’t understand.”
Nancy laid a hand on her shoulder. “Something you lost, Mother. Long ago.”
Ophelia handed her a small blue velvet ring box.
Hands shaking, she opened it. Her watery blue eyes told a story. Surprise. Amazement. Sorrow.
“My, my . . . ” Hands to her face, she wiped the first of many tears. Ophelia handed her a tissue. The elderly woman looked up and tried to speak, but the tears kept coming.
Nancy and Jennifer linked arms, their faces a meld of emotion. Ophelia bit her lip.
Finally, Grandma Riley was able to speak. “My Everett gave me that ring. We were on the swing under my parent’s apple tree and he sank to his knees and asked me.”
Hattie wheeled herself closer and smiled. “I was there that day. Do you remember? We celebrated with Mama and Papa in the parlor.” She took her sister’s hand. “And the day you married, you were the most beautiful bride.”
Riley kissed Hattie’s hand. “Love is the true beauty. And I loved him so.” Her eyes took on a faraway glow. “It was December 9th, 1944. I was steeping a pot of Christmas tea, my favorite cinnamon and apple. I’d just poured a cup when I was startled by a knock on the door.”
She paused to catch her breath. “There were two men, in dress uniform—and I knew—I knew right away what they had come to tell me. After that, everything changed. Life seemed to slow down, as if I were out of step with everyone else. Later that day, I noticed my diamond was missing. The final blow.” Grandma Riley whispered. “And I never used that teapot again. I packed it away and put it out of my mind.”
Hand shaking, Riley held up the ring. “One of the prongs was bent from doing the laundry. People hired me to wash and iron. I should have had it fixed, but money was tight back then.”
Hattie patted her hand.
“You have to understand--I prayed for Everett every day. At first I was angry with God for taking him. But as time went on, I realized he was not mine to keep. This is our Father’s world and we belong to Him. If He wants us to live, death cannot take us, but if our time has come, no man can keep us here.”
She went on. “And I realized something else as well. Our love, no matter how short the time, was worth it. True love.”
“But didn’t you love Father?” Deep furrows formed on Nancy’s brows.
Riley took her daughter’s hand. “Of course I did! We took solace in one another’s company when he returned home from the war. He’d lost his best friend and I’d lost my husband. Soon we developed feelings for each other. I felt guilty at first, as did Bob, but we realized Everett would have wanted us to go on with life. Riley squeezed Nancy’s hand. “Your father was a wonderful man and we had many beautiful years together--and lovely children.” She glanced around the room and winked.  “Grandchildren too.”
Riley continued, “Now don’t be upset by what I say next, dear. I loved your father dearly, but I didn’t love him like I loved Everett. I couldn’t love anyone else the way I loved him. Everett was God’s gift to me and I will forever be thankful.”
She let out a slow sigh and slipped the ring halfway on her finger. “It doesn’t fit anymore.” Her fingers, swollen with arthritis, were bent out of shape. She stared at it, the slowly slipped it off. The room swelled with silent emotion. Grandma Riley beckoned to Ophelia. 
Heart in her throat, Ophelia approached the bed.
“I want you to keep it.” She placed the ring in her granddaughter’s palm and closed it with her hands.
Ophelia’s mouth dropped open. “Why me?”
“Your fiancé is a marine, isn’t he?”
Her lip trembled. “He’s not my fiancé, yet.”
“Why not?”
Ophelia hung her head low. “Gramma, I’ve been—I’m afraid what happened to you will happen to me.” Tears welled and began to escape her eyes.
Grandma Riley lifted Ophelia’s chin with her hand. “Honey, God didn’t call us to live in fear. He calls us to live in faith.”
The truth took a moment to sink in, but this time she listened with her heart. Tears began to stream down her face. 
Nancy gently embraced Ophelia’s arm. “And that’s not the only surprise of the day, my dear.” She turned her niece around to face the open doorway.
There, in full dress uniform, stood Sam, a smile on his face, hat under his arm, and a fresh bouquet of red roses in the other.
With one look at Sam’s adoring face, Ophelia knew—knew it was time to let go of fear and start living, to take her grandmother’s advice and live in faith. To give herself to the man she loved. 
She ran into his arms.
The End




SUGAR AND SPICE AND EVERYTHING NICE COOKIES

By Linda P. Kozar

1-cup white sugar
1-cup softened butter (use real butter for best results)
1 3-ounce package cream cheese (I use the low fat version)
½ tsp salt
½ tsp vanilla extract (always use pure, not imitation)
1 egg
2-1/4 cups all-purpose flour

In large mixing bowl, combine sugar, butter, cream cheese, salt, vanilla extract and egg. Beat till smooth. Stir in flour until blended. For best results, chill for a couple of hours or overnight.

Preheat oven to 350 degrees (190 degrees C).

On a lightly floured surface, roll out the dough 1/3 at a time to 1/8th inch thickness, refrigerating remaining dough until ready to use. Cut out shapes with lightly floured cookie cutters (so the dough won’t stick). I use candy cane, Christmas tree and angel cookie cutters. 

Place one inch apart on ungreased cookie sheets. Leave cookies plain for frosting.

Bake 7 to 10 minutes in the preheated oven, or until light and golden brown. After the first batch, the others seem to bake faster. The average bake time is 8 minutes. 

Cool cookies completely before frosting.

*Make sure you have your frosting ready ahead of time. And be sure to add sprinkles! These cookies are soft, chewy and yummy!





Hardy’s Christmas Triumph

The Latisha Barnhart Mystery Files

By S. Dionne Moore

Arthur Gallery was a curious sort. His was a new face in our little town of Maple Gap, but all sorts of new faces would be here today for our auction. The large room attached to the church held the annual event, complete with red tablecloths and some evergreen cuttings in a nod to the Christmas holiday that was fast approaching. All proceeds from the auction went to maintain and upkeep our local library, a cause close to this woman’s heart. The children’s choir would sing too, as they did every year. The little members, excited for their performance, fluttered back and forth between Arthur Gallery’s companion, an older man in a wheelchair, the table full of food, and Miss Craig, their Sunday School teacher and choir director. It made my heart smile to be a part of their little show. 
But back to Arthur. For the better part of an hour he’d paced back and forth in front of a table full of various artsy pieces, paying particular attention to a painting on an easel donated by an avid flea marketer, and local eccentric, Nick Endyme. As I watched, Arthur cut through the crowd of children, headed toward our flea-market-finding-guru Nick, who had just entered the room in his usual garish-garb that put one in mind of something an off duty circus clown would wear. Come to think of it, him and my husband Hardy might have been brothers, except I've never seen twins born, one black and one white, and Nick at least cocoons his colorful choices of shirt, tie, and shoes in a sharp, if outdated and wrinkled, business suit. Hardy shines his plaids for all to see.
I shifted my eyes around the crowded room of excited townsfolk, looking for the most eye-watering patterned clothes. In the bustle of the growing crowd, it took about fifteen minutes to lay my eyes on Hardy, tugging on the waistband of his plaids, and talking a mile a minute to his mama as he pushed her wheelchair along the tables laden with items for the auction.
"LaTisha!" Mary Albright, eyes wide and blinking, filled my vision like I was filling the doorway in which I stood. Me not being the small and petite kind. Mary’s hand yanked my attention back to her alarmed expression just as a cloud of her favorite onion and mayo sandwiches reminded me, again why the woman had most likely remained single all her life. "LaTisha, I don't know what to do."
She was looking mighty crazy. Eyes wide, face pale. "Why don't you settle yourself down and let’s make sense of what the problem is first."
"The painting. Food. Gone."
We were off to a great start.
I pulled her in the direction of the hallway, away from the noise and distraction. "What food? What painting, and where'd they go?"
"A box of your toffee and a platter of brownies. The tray from the brownies is still there, but the brownies are all gone. Regina's krispy treats are all gone too." Mary paused to draw a breath. As long as she wasn't exhaling, we'd be fine. “And the painting. . .”
"Painting?"
"Yes, the rather large one of the meadow at sunrise."
I speared a look in the direction of the picture Arthur had been circling all morning. The easel upon which it sat was empty for sure. "You've looked everywhere?"
“I don’t know what to do. And that painting was. . .”
She blew out a steady stream of air that made my eyes cross. I waved my hand to clear the air. Mary had the grace to look embarrassed. “You were saying, the painting was. . .?” I urged her to continue.
“Just that I'd. . .well, I'd hate to lose that painting. I'm sure it will bring quite a few dollars to the fund. You know how desperately the library needs the money."
I eyeballed her hard. Something wasn’t quite right here. The food would have brought a few dollars to the fund too, why such focus on a flea-market-find painting? Though I must admit it sure was a beautiful scene. Very well done in my opinion. The painting couldn’t have been worth much, Nick found it at the flea market.
Mary bit her lip and stared at her feet. Sure enough, this girl wasn’t telling everything. 
“Anything else?" 
“The elephant is missing too."
An elephant, I remembered that elephant. Purple with a gold saddle thingie and a scrawny doll-like figure on its back. Probably another one of Nick’s flea market finds. And it sounded like the very thing Hardy would bid on to set atop his piano.
"There’s the Queen of Greensleeves."
Mary shrank back a step as Chad Conrad, Chief of Maple Gap police, stepped up beside me. A good looking man who finally had the glint of love in his eye after too many years alone, thanks to my matchmaking skills during the investigation of my former employer’s death.
"I sing that song every year for the Library’s Christmas auction,” I reminded him.
"And no one sings it like you. I've never heard you hit a bad note, LaTisha, and Hardy is the perfect piano man for your duo. Wouldn’t miss this for anything."
Not like me to feel the heat of a blush, but there it was, so I did what I do best, I crossed my arms and lowered my brows. "You've got a crook running loose and you're here filling the air with sweetness?"
"Really?” His eyebrows disappeared into his hairline. “What happened?”
I pointed to Mary and she explained, then glanced around the room and shimmied past me. I watched her go, tracing her path to a table where Hardy was handing something down to his mother. The elephant? I was too far away to be sure, but didn’t Mary just say. . .?
The Chief waved his hand to indicate the crowded room. "Most everyone here is local, if I can eliminate the strangers first, well,” he shrugged and shot me a cheeky grin. “I know where the others live."
Point taken. "I'll get Hardy to shake himself into action too."
As I crossed the room, I swept the area. Most seemed excited about the auction, unaware of the little problem. Just as they should be. A flash of movement caught my attention and I zeroed in on a middle-aged man with tousled brown hair. Ike Touch. His wife and him had called it quits. Sad story. Even sadder was the way Ike had ignored his boy since. Donnie often hitched himself over to me and Hardy's in search of companionship and, I suspected, something to fill the emptiness of his stomach and his heart. No sign of Donnie now though, just Ike filling his cheeks with a hot dog.
Hardy caught my eye in the next second, his mother seemed more slumped in the chair than normal. Poor dear. The stroke had left her so weak. I leaned to kiss her cheek as Hardy whispered, “I'm taking mama home for a while."
"Did I see you with a purple elephant?"
Hardy's cocoa eyes took on a sad puppy look. "Sure was a pretty thing, but Mary came marching over just seconds ago and snatched it from me."
I sidled up closer to my sweet man and leaned in close. "Now isn’t that pure strange? She told me it was stolen, along with a painting and some food."
Hardy eyeballed me hard. "Why would she do that? And who stole the stuff?"
"You get your mama settled and maybe I can find the answer to that question." I leaned to kiss his cheek. "And don't miss the program, I heard the piano player is great."
Just as I suspected he would, Hardy wiggled his brows, grinning like he was the poster-child for cuteness. "I hear the singer is a great beauty."
"Listen to the sugar spilling from your tongue.”
He laughed, flashing the single gold tooth in his head, and began pushing his mama toward the exit, his plaid wrapped hind end making me shake my head in reason-why-black-widows-eat-their-mate frustration. I’d only tried to get him out of seventies plaids for most all of our almost four decades of marriage. Still, I guess there are worse vices a man could have.
I stopped to talk to several townsfolk as I walked around the room, ears open for anything suspicious sounding. I surveyed the food table of boxed and covered goodies, noting the spot in the back where two trays sat empty. Crumbs lined the table cover and an empty space showed where my toffee had been. The doorway directly behind the spot gave ample opportunity for a quick exit, but the painting was on the other side of the room. Why food. . .then a painting? Was food a distraction as the painting was taken?
I stopped to chat with a number of the townsfolk, while taking note of a couple I didn't recognize chatting with the Chief. No casual chat, that, I was sure. Across the room there was another woman I'd never seen before who stood next to Arthur, though it didn't appear they knew each other. Hanging on Arthur’s arm with his left hand and a quad cane with his right, the older gentleman shuffled along, seeming disinterested in the goings-on. They were nearing the spot where the picture had been perched. Arthur stared at the spot, whispered to the man, then glanced around. If he knew of the picture’s disappearance, his show of confusion was truly superb.
"Mr. Arthur Gallery?”
He half-turned, mindful of the older man's claim on his arm.
"I'm LaTisha Barnhart-"
“The picture is gone.”
“I’m sorry?”
“The painting,” he pointed, then patted the elderly man’s hand. Both looked truly miserable.
“Yes, we know. It’s missing.”
“But it was here just a few minutes ago.”
I dragged in a lungful of air and pursed my lips. “We know. We’re trying to find it.” I pointed in the direction of Chief Conrad. “If you’ll talk to that man there, I’m sure he has some questions to ask you.”
No wariness in his eyes. Nothing in his body language indicated a reluctance to speak to an officer. All good signs. I escorted them over to the Chief who was talking with Nick and Mary.
Introductions were made all around. Arthur flashed a bright smile that made his eyes disappear, then indicated his companion. "This is Mr. Shane. Roy Shane. He is a resident of Bridgeton Towers and a very special guest here today.” Right on cue, his smile melted into a frown. “It is very important that we find that painting.”
A sliver of light leaked into my brain. "This painting, it’s something more than a flea market bargain, isn’t it?" It made sense. I had noticed right off how the lovely scene seemed to stand out with its sweeping colors and the unique texture to the strokes.
"It is." Arthur nodded toward the older man. "It means very much to us if it could be found."
"You came to assess its value?" I asked, understanding now his avid interest all morning.
"Yes, Mrs. Barnhart. It is worth hundreds of thousands of dollars.”
Nick Endyme almost fainted at that news. "I had no idea."
Chief consulted his little notebook. "Apparently the police have been watching the seller for a long time, suspicious that he was fencing stolen artwork. The question now is, where is it? Who stole it and why?"
"That 'why' part. . ." I crossed my arms and leveled a hard stare at Mary. She hung her head. "Seems that purple elephant wasn't stolen either, was it Mary?"
"I lied."
"Obvious, but why?"
"It was in my line of vision when I said it and I thought if I said the elephant was stolen that it would take away from the fact that the items that were stolen were so. . .different."
"But why?” Chief Conrad shot at her.
I eyed Mary hard. “I think I can answer that. Somehow Mary overheard the news of its value and wanted the chance to find the painting before anyone else."
Mary’s head sunk between her shoulders. "After years of being denied a raise. . ."
"How did you find out the painting was valuable?" I asked.
This time her gaze fell on Mr. Shane. He gave her a small smile and a brief nod. Arthur opened his mouth as if to protest what Mr. Shane was about to say, but the elder man shook his head. "Mary's mother is my friend at Bridgeton. I confided in her last night that I was. . .am, of German decent. My brother is Albert Schon and that a friend of mine," he gestured to Arthur, “Thought he might have found one of Albert’s paintings.”Arthur exhaled like a plum dehydrating to prune stage. 
"Schon's works,” Arthur took up the explanation, “were just becoming popular when the Nazis got their hands on them. Mr. Shane, er, Schon, has spent most of his life chasing down the works of his dead brother. When I came yesterday afternoon and viewed the work, I knew how much it would mean to Mr. Schon to see the picture but it took me all morning to verify its authenticity. I had only drawn my conclusion and gotten the phone call of verification from my assistant minutes before I found it to be missing.”
"I knew when Mr. Retainer was showing so much interest in the picture today that what my mother said must be true and that it must be worth quite a bit of money," Mary added. "I guess I just lost my head thinking there might be a reward or. . ." She shrugged.
There was no telling who else had heard the story of Mr. Schon's brother, or latched on to Arthur Gallery's interest in the painting. My mind churned with ideas. Chief assured Mr. Shane that we would find the painting, then motioned for me to follow him.
I lunged to catch up to his long-legged stride. "Maybe we're looking at two crimes," I huffed.
"Anyone who steals a box of your Christmas toffee is definitely a criminal in my book," Conrad winked.
I beamed sunshine down on that boy. "Your favorite too, huh?”
"Regina was going to bid on the box for me." He rubbed his stomach. “I might have to resign if I don’t get my yearly fix of it.” He stopped at the easel that had held the painting, his face grim. “What do you think of Mary’s story?”
"Lame about the elephant, but I believe her. Especially since she knew the painting’s value before today.
What about the list of bidders? That might shed some light on this."
Chief pursed his lips and shook his head. "I've already been over it. Only seven people from out of town, though some might not have registered."
"And a thief wouldn't, now, would he?" And that question, or was it the sight of crumbs on the empty tray of brownies that reminded me I needed to give Hardy a call and ask him to bring over another box of goodies to replace the toffee. On the other hand, unless I wanted a box full of crumbs to auction, Hardy was not the person to ask to hand- deliver sweets.
Something in my head rattled around and I squinted over at the table where a group of people stood purchasing snacks. Mary was back to business and helping sell refreshments along with a couple of volunteers from church. Two strangers I'd never seen purchased a coffee and a pretzel. Ike continued his quest to cram his face with yet another hot dog. A placid scene, probably because the children had been corralled to the church next door for an ongoing craft time with a final practice thrown in for good measure.
A clever solution to kids getting into things and risking breakage. Plus, the adults could concentrate better on what was being offered and how much they would pay for pieces.
If anyone knew anything about the crime, the kids would. I raised seven. It's like having a living grapevine strung from every house in town directly to your ears. We had lots of talks about gossip in our house, because I don't do gossip and my kids weren't going to either. Still, kids being kids, they sometimes know things they don't know they know until they’re asked. And I was up to the asking part.
Even before I entered the church, I could hear the piano, and I knew exactly whose hands were making such beautiful music. Hardy grinned down at me from the stage. I raised my brows and gave him a hard look. He grinned all the cheekier and kept right on playing, never missing a beat. What was he doing here? I glanced around for any sign of his momma. She was nowhere to be seen. I hate when Hardy has the upper hand, and his smirk told me he knew something I didn’t. Since the kids were just lining up in the choir loft for practice, I marched right up to the stage and hovered over his scrawny form at the piano.
"What you doing here?"
"Mrs. Shelby took mama home for me. What you doing here?"
"I’m the pretty singer, remember? And I’m trying to figure out who took my toffee, just like you should be!”
Hardy’s fingers were long and slender and he amazed me with his playing and ability to carry on a conversation without missing a crescendo or arpeggio. He wasn’t looking at me now though, but I saw that mysterious little smile and knew we were back to him savoring having a leg up on me. “You gonna arrest me?”
My eyes went wide as baseballs. “You took the toffee?”
“Course not. Why would I do that when I’ve got the cook all to myself and she caters to me like I’m a king.”
I stared that boy head to toe. “You better answer me before this Queen pushes that crown down around your neck.”
“I came in to practice and noticed some of the kids getting restless, giggling and eyeing me. That’s when Miss Craig asked me to run through their song. The piano wasn’t playing right.” He did a fancy little twirl in his left hand. “Bass notes weren’t working. I looked inside and that’s where I found your box of toffee and the other treats.”
“No painting?”
He shook his head.
“It doesn’t make sense.”
He went through a series of chords, holding the last one for a few seconds before he continued. “A child took the toffee and brownies, else why would they be here?”
I knew children. “Must have been hungry.”
“And a painting?”
“Separate crimes,” I said with the distinct satisfaction of knowing it was the right answer.
But Hardy had the nerve to bust my bubble with a shake of his head. “Think now, why would a little person take a painting?” But I was beginning to see his logic. Brilliance really did flow behind those cocoa brown eyes of his.
“Because they wouldn’t know it was worth anything, so it would have to be pretty, or remind them of something special.”
“And if it wasn’t a child and the thief did know it was worth something. . .?”
“There’s something they want and the money from the picture will help them get it.”
“Motive,” Hardy said simply.
The children were watching Hardy and me now. Quieting down as Miss Craig instructed them to turn to page 3 in their books. Hardy began an embellished intro of The First Noel.
“Would you like to join us, Mrs. Barnhart?” Miss Craig asked.
The children. I knew each of them from the time they’d been babies. Fed most of them at some point through colds and chicken pox. They were all angels. I beamed sunshine on each of them. “Wont’ be able to right now, Miss Craig.” My eyes lingered on a small, too thin face, that of Sara Buchanan--a dear little ball of eleven-year-old wisdom whose cancer had just recently been diagnosed as in remission. I hoped and prayed it stayed there.
And the somewhat red eyes of Donnie Touch--Ike’s son. Poor boy. His mother had left them both three months previous, vowing not to return unless Ike got a better job. But it was more than that too, because she didn’t take Donnie, and Ike was less than an ideal father. I made a note to talk to Donnie, maybe have him come stay with us for the holiday.
When I stepped into the building next to the church, a flurry of people and a rise in the overall level of voices let me know the auctioneer had arrived. A glance at the clock told me the auction would start in fifteen minutes. It would take him at least an hour to get to the paintings. More people had shown up and they were all settling down into the chairs as the auctioneer made his way forward. This was becoming even more complicated. Through the crowd, I spied Mr. Shane, leaning heavily on his cane and looking like he needed more than the arm of Mr. Gallery if he was to remain upright much longer. My heart ached at his loss. To be so close to realizing his dream, only to have it snatched away. I snaked my way through the room and touched his arm.
Would you like some punch and a cookie? Maybe a nice chair to rest?”
Mr. Shane looked to Mr. Retainer, then me, and nodded. “It would be good to sit.”
He shuffled forward and I kept my hand on his elbow while directing him to a chair in the corner, away from the bustle of people.
This must be hard on you,” I helped him to sit, gratified at his relieved sigh as he sunk into the plush softness of the cushion.
“More than you know. Albert would have been so. . .” Emotion choked his voice. I gave his shoulder a pat and moved off toward Mary. She saw me coming and pressed a cup of cool punch into my hands.
“Can I get a cookie too? I’ll pay up later.”
Mary looked past me to Mr. Shane, sympathy softening her mouth. “Did you find it?” she asked as she scooped up a gingerbread man.
“Not yet.”
“This is on me,” she said. “I wish. . .”
I patted her hand and accepted the gingerbread man. I had to resist the urge to nip off its head right then and there. Why is the head always the first thing that tempts a person?
“Some of the kids were in here earlier. Mr. Shane talked to them. Maybe that was when it happened?”
True. I’d seen the kids milling about with my own eyes. 
“You think the kids took the goodies?” Mary asked.
It certainly lined up with what I’d found, but I wasn’t telling her that.
“Not many of them were here. Maybe five. It was shortly after we opened the doors, probably around 9:30 am.”
“When did you notice the picture and the cookies were missing?”
“I noticed the cookies first, since the refreshments are right next to that table. The picture I noticed later. And Alice just found a fifty-dollar bill under the table where the missing cookies were. She stuck it in the cash drawer.”
“Maybe someone left it to pay for what they took?” 
Mary shook her head. “Fifty dollars?” 
“So we have a generous thief.”
She leaned in closer and jerked her head toward the refreshment table. “You ask me, Ike is a possible too. He’s been hanging around all morning stuffing himself with hotdogs, talking his head off about Sadie leaving him. As much food as he eats, those cookies would be tempting, and the picture. . .” She shrugged. “Divorce is expensive.”
I leaned in, eyes wide. “Then how could he afford to leave fifty dollars?”
Mary blinked, then shrugged, obviously stumped.
Thinking fast, I took in the place where the cookies had been, on the back of the table, nearest the door, not the front where people could most easily reach them. The painting, too, had been toward the back of the tables. I contemplated all this, and Mary’s assertion about the money, as I handed over the treat and punch to Mr. Shane. The auctioneer beat his gavel and the sound made Mr. Shane jump a little. The auction was going well. More people were arriving, the ones with enough money for the bigger items, their presence muddying the waters of the investigation even further.
Mr. Shane held the cookie up, a gleam in his eye, and promptly snapped off the head with his teeth. A man after my own heart. “Your husband told me you’re quite the singer.”
Oh he did, did he? When had Hardy talked to Mr. Shane? “You should hear him play the piano”
“The children seem excited about singing. They asked me a thousand questions. Sweet little things. I never had any grandchildren.”
“You know they’re singing soon, during the break and before the bigger items sell. A small Christmas concert.”
“I thought I heard Donnie say something about singing. Don’t hear like I used too.” He took another bite--the right arm. “Holidays have never been the same since Alfred died. No more family.”
I understood. When my babies all left the nest, one by one, it was like my heart broke a little bit more. But to not have anyone. To never be able to pick up the phone and reach out to a relative. . .
“I would love to stay.” He took a sip of the punch, his hand shaking a bit.
Did you happen to say anything about Alfred’s painting to anyone?”
He held up the gingerbread man and squinted at the misshapen cookie. “Mr. Gallery wanted me to keep it to myself.”
But the brother was obviously excited over the find and could have given information away inadvertently. He’d told Mary’s mother, after all, even if Arthur had approved. Finding something of his brother’s would be an excitement hard to contain. If anyone overheard him talking. . .well, that would be all it would take. There were just too many variables for this to be solved easily. It would take a miracle to find that painting.
At least I knew where to find Hardy. I needed to know about his meeting with Mr. Shane and see if Hardy believed as I did, that the man’s enthusiasm might have leaked the importance of that painting. And I still couldn’t shake the feeling that Hardy wasn’t telling all he knew.
At the church, the stage was empty, though I could hear the excited voices of the children as they readied themselves to file over for the singing. Hardy was nowhere to be seen.
“Found anything new, LaTisha?”
Chief Conrad stood at my back, looking every bit as miserable as I must have felt. Translation: We were out of time. “Mr. Gallery wants me to elevate the investigation.”
“No need for that.” Hardy was grinning ear-to-ear as he walked up the long hallway from the Sunday School room wing. “I think it’s time for a Christmas miracle, don’t you?”
I eyeballed that boy hard. He was smug, to be sure. “You better explain yourself.” My hand itched something fierce to yank those obnoxious plaid pants up to his tonsils to wipe that self-satisfied grin off his face.
“No need.” His tooth gleamed at me. I glared, but he just turned and waved for us to follow. He held the door for the Chief, then winked at me as I passed him. “Just watch. Have a little faith in your hero.”
I huffed. Hardy held the door for us, making a kissing motion at me with his lips. I wanted nothing more than to make his favorite pie and eat it all. With him watching. Salivating. Suffering.
“You ready to sing for me?” he whispered as we stepped across the threshold and heard the auctioneer doing his babbling act.
I glared at Hardy, but he was having none of it. As the auctioneer’s voice trailed off and his gavel slapped down on the last cake to be sold, it was game time. Hardy slipped by me and sat himself at the piano as the doors behind me opened and the children filed in. Meanwhile, Mary and her helpers were moving easels to the front and propping up vases and some of the other larger items to be sold.
Little Sarah stood next to a red-eyed, red-faced Donnie. The boy glanced my way, but when I turned my head, it was Hardy who was nodding in response to whatever secret communication they were engaged in. I opened my mouth to ask what it was all about but Hardy began to play a smooth introduction as Miss Craig passed out the books to the children. I had to remind myself not to maul that man on the spot. People were watching, and that meant too many witnesses. A hush fell over the room as the children’s voices swelled, their bright red vests matched their little apple red cheeks. Everything fell together so nicely. Miss Craig was pleased too. I could tell by the way she nodded encouragement to the children throughout their first piece. Even Sara Buchanan’s pale complexion seemed to get some color. And then, before I knew it, it was my turn to sing, and allow the children a brief rest.
Mary Did You Know was a favorite for many, but it was special to this mother of seven because I could understand both Mary’s surprise and amazement as her child’s life unfolded. As my voice caressed each syllable of the chorus, I watched tears flow down Donnie’s cheeks. He and Sara would get some extra love this holiday. These two needed it most. Then a strange thing happened. As I held the last note, Donnie darted from the choir. I glanced at Hardy who seemed oblivious, but I knew he wasn’t, he could direct traffic in New York City and play the piano at the same time. He segued into Greensleeves and the children raised their books. They would join me about halfway through the song. As my voice matched that of the children's, Donnie’s head popped out from the doorway through which he’d disappeared. I strained an eyebrow muscle in silent question to Hardy as that one nodded encouragement to the boy. It didn’t take long for my question to be answered. Donnie appeared, full length, with a large, covered square tucked under his arm.
I heard an audible, rather outraged gasp as Ike Touch lunged to his feet, but Donnie kept on walking, eyes straight ahead, toward the empty easel. Everything formed up in my mind then, and as Donnie struggled to place the painting in the narrow tray of the easel, Mary came forward to help him settle the frame securely.
The last note of the song finished in a hushed silence. The audience knowing they had witnessed something, but unsure what. Donnie turned, his pale face afraid. All eyes seemed to follow the boy’s gaze to the back of the room where a red-faced Ike bolted toward the door, Chief Conrad hard on his heels.
Then it was Mr. Gallery who was moving, helping Mr. Shane to his feet. Donnie stood stock still until the two men reached the front. He reached out to Mr. Shane as if to shake his hand, but the older gentleman gathered the boy close and held him tight. Salt was starting to flow in the audience, and a couple of tears were making their way down my cheeks as well. Someone provided a chair for Mr. Shane as Mary began to explain the situation to the audience. First one person clapped, then another and another, until every single person in the room stood to their feet.
And behind the piano, Hardy leaned toward me. “See? A Christmas Triumph.”
“Ike took it? Why didn’t you tell me?”
“Because it was Donnie’s decision. He was the one who’d seen his father take the painting. It was up to him whether he was going to be honest or not.”
I raised a brow. “And he had help, didn’t he?”
Hardy grinned. “You know I value honesty. I think Donnie does too. It helps that Mr. Shane took a shine to the boy right off, buying him all those cookies. Donnie told me he helped himself since none of the ladies were around,” Hardy explained. “He slipped the fifty Mr. Shane gave him onto the table and filled the box.”
As for Ike, I found out later it wasn’t Mr. Shane he’d overheard talking about the value of the picture but Mary.
During Christmas, Mr. Shane became a fixture at our house. Donnie stayed with us too, and the two became even closer than the cookie bonding they’d made that first day. On Christmas Eve, Mr. Shane presented Donnie with the news that he had sold the painting. Donnie’s eyes went wide. “But I thought you wanted it because of your brother.”
“I do, and I did, but then someone just as special as my brother came into my life. And someone as honest.” Mr. Shane smiled into Donnie’s eyes. “I put the money into a trust for you, Donnie. And Mrs. Barnhart made up a whole tray of her Christmas toffee just for you.”
His grin went huge. “Can I share it with Sara?”
“You most surely can,” I ruffled the boy’s hair. “She’d like that lots.”
Donnie didn’t understand about the trust, I was sure, but he responded to the man’s announcement by launching himself into Mr. Shane’s arms. I dabbed at the corners of my eyes.
“Not a bad ending,” Hardy whispered in my ear, looking mighty pleased with himself.
“Just remember who taught you all those detective skills.”
He winked and stretched on his toes to peck me on the cheek. “How could I forget such a beautiful teacher?”


The End







TINSEL TOFFEE

By S. Dionne Moore


1-cup unsalted butter (the real stuff! Oh, and you can use salted, just omit the added salt)
1-cup sugar (the real stuff!)
1/8-tsp. salt (optional)
2-tsp. water
1-tsp. vanilla
Salted nuts (optional), chopped
1-cup semi-sweet chocolate chips

Melt butter on low heat, then add sugar and water. Using a candy thermometer, cook mixture on med-low until candy reaches 300 degrees (hard crack), occasionally giving the mix a stir. While you are waiting for the candy to reach this temperature, sprinkle a piece of parchment with the salted mixed nuts. Measure out chocolate chips and have them ready to sprinkle onto the hot toffee.

When toffee mix reaches 300, pour over nuts. Sprinkle surface with chocolate chips and let sit for about five minutes. With a spatula, smooth the chips as if frosting the toffee. Let toffee cool completely.

Note: There are so many variations of this classic toffee recipe. Please try them all. Sprinkle crushed candy canes on top. Use white chocolate instead of semi-sweet, sliced almonds instead of salted nuts. . . The possibilities are endless.



The Christmas Candy Mystery


By C.L. Ragsdale

Twenty-five years ago 
(Give or take, depending on who’s willing to admit to their real age)

“It’ll never be the same. Jenny Coleman said so,” nine-year-old Lucy lamented.
The three Monroe girls sat in their usual positions on the stairs of the porch. 
Summer adventures (mostly instigated by Lucy) were ending. School would be starting in a few days, and major changes were coming. 
The eldest, twelve-year-old Ellie flipped back her long strawberry blond hair. She sighed disdainfully as only a preteen could.
“You worry too much Lucy. It’s only junior high. It’s not like I’m moving to Mars.”
Eleven-year-old blond haired Missy was even more direct.
“Yeah, don’t be dumb Lucy.”
“But Jenny Coleman said that after her sister went to junior high she wouldn’t even talk to her anymore.” 
“Jennie Coleman also told you your hair was red because Mom ate spicy food. You can’t believe anything she says,” Ellie scoffed.
Lucy looked to one, then the other of her sisters with sad eyes. She was not the middle child, but for some reason when they sat together, she was always between them. 
Seeing that her baby sister was not reassured, Missy felt sorry enough for her to at least try to be reassuring.
“Lucy, don’t worry. Remember, we’re the Monroe girls. We stick together. Besides, we swore the biggest oath to each other you can swear. We wouldn’t lie to you.”
Perhaps it was just as well that Ellie and Missy did not suspect that Lucy was not as inclined to believe them as she once had been. But that was their fault--because sooner or later, older siblings always push it too far.
For instance, the giant crab that lived in the clubhouse that Lucy was never allowed to enter. She was terrified at first, but then figured out that the crab didn’t attack her sisters or their friends. Then they had insisted that soda pop would rot her teeth as she slept. It would happen, they warned her, no matter how long or hard she brushed them before bedtime. So why could they drink the same soda without it happening to them? Then there was the warning that if she didn’t brush her hair spiders would make their nests…oh wait that had been their mother.
Dubious killer crabs and teeth eating soda pop aside, Lucy still believed that they would not make up stories about The Oath. It was THE OATH. 
Besides even if they were telling stories again, Lucy had decided it was best not to take chances.
After all, she might not always like her red hair, but she didn’t want it to all fall out and she didn’t want warts. 
Better safe than sorry.
So maybe they were right about this junior high thing. Maybe Jenny Coleman was wrong.
But of course she wasn’t.
For after junior high came high school, then college, then marriage, then children. Not that these things were bad, just normal. Divergent interests, friendships with others and life goals all took their toll on the closeness of the sisters’ relationship. 
That is until the day that God in his wisdom decided it was time for a reassessment.
He does that. A lot.
***
The Present

Lucy Monroe sat in a chair in her sister Ellie’s kitchen listening to her argue with Missy, again. She knew it would end soon because it wasn’t the subject at hand (which was silly) that was the real issue that had upset them. 
“You are not listening,” Ellie Stephenson insisted for at least the fifth time in five minutes, “This is not my fault. Right Lucy?”
Lucy opened her mouth but before she could answer Missy Cunningham stated, “Yes it is. Lucy and I live a good thirty minutes away. You’re the one who lived two minutes from Mom. If anyone could have watched her do it, it was you.”
“Do you have any idea all I have to do for the Holidays?” 
“Yes because I have to do the same things. You’re not the only one with a husband, children, and a million things to do you know. Besides, I run a catering business remember? Holidays are insane for me. Or maybe we should blame poor Lucy because she’s not married. After all, she only has to take care of everything in her life all by herself…”
“Stop!” Lucy shouted deciding enough was enough, “It’s all of our faults. Mom was making Buttermilk Fudge for Christmas since before we were born. Any of us could have learned how to make it. Face it, it was just easier to let Mom do it, which wasn’t a problem until…until she died.”
That was the real issue--their mother having passed away unexpectedly in September. Combining that with the passing of their father the year before just made the stress of the Holidays even more stressful. 
Missy looked shamefaced and admitted, “Lucy’s right, I’m sorry Ellie.”
“That’s okay, all of our nerves are on edge right now.” 
“You may not believe this, but Mom and I had made numerous attempts to get together so I could learn to make the stuff. The problem was we always thought about it around Christmas, because that was the only time she made it. Then neither one of us could find a free day, and I thought I had time.”
“Don’t feel bad Missy. She seemed to be in such good health, and was even beginning to bounce back from Dad’s death. A brain aneurism--who would have thought?” 
No one answered Ellie because no one had thought.
As they all sat at Ellie’s kitchen table Lucy asked the obvious question.
“Are we making too much of this? I mean, it is just candy.”
“Maybe, but it’s THE family Christmas Candy. If we can’t have Mom at least we can have her candy. Missy, you do this for a living. Surely you can figure it out.”
“You think I haven’t tried other recipes? I have, but they’re not the same. It’s not the making it’s the method that is important. If Mom could show me…”
“But she’s not here,” Lucy said gently, “She’s with God.”
“I just wish we could forget the whole holiday thing this year. Losing both parents in two years is just too much sometimes.”
“We’ve got small kids in the family, we have to do this,” Ellie pointed out, “It’s not going to be easy, but it will be over in a few days.”
Lucy took their hands and encouraged, “Don’t worry, The Lord will get us through this, just like last year. It’s His Son’s birthday we’re celebrating after all.”
As they smiled at each other Eleanor’s daughter Alice entered the kitchen.
***
Alice was the spitting image of her father--tall, skinny, with dark hair and brown eyes. The Monroe side of the family tended towards blond, blue eyes, tall, but definitely not skinny. Except for Lucy who considered herself to be short and pudgy, with red hair.
Fortunately at the age of 15 Alice showed no signs of entering the teenage rebellion phase, even though the death of her grandparents had hit her hard. Still, she did tend to be a girl of few words.
“Mom, I’m going to Tabby’s then her Mom’s taking us.”
Missy and Lucy looked at each in other in bemusement, having no idea what their niece was talking about. Fortunately her mother was well versed in her daughter’s shorthand form of communication. 
“What time does it start?”
“Three o’clock. Bring money.” 
With that announcement the girl turned and walked out of the house.
“What was that about?” Missy asked.
“The youth group at our church is having a bake sale to raise money for a missionary trip to Russia. I had forgotten all about it, but Alice assures me that she and Tabby have it covered.”
“Tabby? Like Tabby cat?”
“No Missy, like Tabatha, Karen Sawyer’s daughter.” 
“Oh right. Karen.”
Lucy gave Missy a warning look. There was no need to start another stress-induced argument over Ellie’s best non-related friend. Besides Karen was great and they all loved her like another sister. She just had an unfortunate sense of humor. Also, she was as nosey as heck.
Fortunately, something else struck Lucy as even more unusual which turned the conversation away from Karen.
“Alice bakes?”
Ellie laughed.
“Not that I’ve ever seen, and I can’t image Tabby does because her mother is the microwave queen.”
“What do you think?” Missy asked with a smile, “Boxed brownies?”
“That’s my guess. You know, we may just have to face the fact that the Mom’s fudge is lost to history.”
“Maybe not. I have an idea.” 
“Oh no,” Missy groaned to Ellie, “She’s got that look.”
“Oh no.”
“What look? I don’t have a look.” 
Missy corrected her, “You surely do baby sister. Every time you get one of your “ideas”.  Then we all get into trouble.”
“Like when?”
“Like when you wondered if watching a monster movie marathon would really scare us so bad that we wouldn’t be able to sleep for a week like Mom warned us,” Ellie reminded her.
“Right after she forbid us to do it,” Missy added.
“Oh right, but she was wrong. It was only one night we couldn’t sleep.”
“Yeah, but then she caught us all sleeping in the same bed and figured it out. We got grounded for a week for that one.” 
“Well Ellie, you and Missy made me do it.”
“How do you figure that?”
It was obvious Missy immediately regretted asking Lucy that question because the answer was pure “Lucy Logic.” In other words, logic that made sense only to Lucy.
“Well, you and Ellie were always telling me scary stories for the fun of scaring me. I had to prove I wasn’t a ‘fraidy cat like you were always accusing me.”
Ellie gave a scoffing laugh.
“Oh that worked out wonderfully.”
“Sure it did, you two never told me scary stories again.”
Ellie and Missy looked at each other and both shook their heads. Lucy Logic had struck again.
“Anyway, this won’t get us into any trouble.”
“That’s what she said when she talked us into finding out if The Misery Mud Hole was really bottomless or not,” Ellie recalled.
“Well it wasn’t.” 
“Yeah Lucy, but we got so dirty that Mom had to throw the clothes we were wearing away because they wouldn’t come clean no matter how many times she washed them. That was a two week sentence!” 
Missy held up her fingers in front of her sister’s face to emphasize her point.
“You weren’t complaining when you threw mud in my hair.”
Missy groaned, wondering how could her sister have an answer for everything. Lucy Logic or not. So once again, she asked the question that shouldn’t be asked.
“Okay, I know I am going to regret this, but what’s your idea?”
“We play detective.”
***
“Play detective?” Ellie asked in astonishment.
“Sure we used to do it all the time.”
“We did it once,” Missy corrected, “And we stunk at it. Right Ellie?”
“Right. We not only didn’t solve the case, we couldn’t even find a case.” 
“At least Lucy didn’t get us into any trouble that time.” 
“I bet we would have if she’d found a case.”
Lucy was undaunted in the face of these unjust accusations.
“Well this time we do have a case, we’re saving our family legacy. Don’t you want to hear my first deduction?”
Her sisters shook their heads. But when Lucy pouted playfully Missy gave in.
“Okay Sherlock, what is your deduction?”
“Your enthusiasm is overwhelming.”
“Lucy, are you going to tell us or not?”
“Okay, okay. Don’t have a spasm. Mom only made the fudge once a year. Right?”
“Right,” Missy agreed, “But she’d been doing it for years.”
“But only once a year. She made us wait for it right?”
“Your point, Lucy,” Ellie urged. 
“Seriously, if you did something once a year wouldn’t you feel the need to refresh your memory no matter how long you’d been doing it?”
Her sisters looked at each other in wonder as that actually did make sense. Would wonders never cease?
“I get it,” Missy sounded surprised by that. “She must have written it down. No one’s memory is that good. Not even Mom’s.”
Lucy beamed in approval.
“Exactly. So the first thing we need to do is find her recipes. Ellie you have Mom’s personal stuff, where’s her recipe box?”
“I don’t know.” 
As her two sisters stared at her Ellie got defensive.
“Well I’m sorry, I don’t know. I haven’t started unpacking it yet. Don and Fred packed it all up and put it in our garage.”
Lucy looked concerned at that announcement. She loved both of her brothers-in-law, but their packing technique tended more towards speed than organization. She couldn’t help but wonder how long it would take them to figure out where the boys had put what.
Ellie stood up and headed towards the door leading to her garage.
“If we’re going to do this let’s get started. We have two hours before the church bake sale starts. Don and Fred swore they labeled everything this time. It shouldn’t be that hard.”
***
About a half an hour later Missy groused, “Well Don and Fred told the truth, they packed everything neatly and labeled every bin. Just too bad the items in the bins don’t match the labels. For instance, why are Mom’s bathroom rugs in a bin labeled Kitchen Items?”
“They must have labeled all the bin lids and then just put them on whatever one was handy. The problem with our husbands is that they are men and they get impatient.”
Lucy suggested, “Let’s look in the bins labeled bathroom.”
“Why?” Missy asked.
“Bathroom items are in the ones labeled kitchen, maybe the kitchen items are the same.” 
Lucy took a new bin and opened it.
“Do you see the recipe box?” Ellie asked.
“No, but the theory is sound. Pots and pans are in this one.”
Ellie and Missy looked at each other, shrugged and found another bin labeled “bathroom.” After a few more minutes of searching, Ellie called out, “I found it! Good thinking Lucy.”
“Lucy had a logical thought. I must write this on my calendar.”
Lucy swatted Missy playfully.
“Oh be nice. It worked didn’t it?”
Ellie handed the red and white recipe box to Missy who pulled out the cards and began shuffling through them.
“Here it is!” 
However, after that first flush of triumph, Missy frowned in confusion as she read the card.
“What’s wrong?” Ellie asked.
“Well, it’s the recipe, but it doesn’t make any sense.”
Lucy took the card and read it. She turned it over and looked confused.
“I know I’m not much of a cook, but aren’t we missing a few sentences here?”
“More than that. For instance, it lists the ingredients but not the measurements, and the instructions make no sense.”
Lucy read, “Mix sugar, buttermilk, soda, salt and syrup in large pan. Stir constantly, boil until ready. Remove from heat. Add nuts, vanilla and butter. Beat until smooth. Pour into pan or drop on wax paper.” 
“What does boil until ready mean?” 
“Well it should have a temperature somewhere. It’s probably the softball stage.” 
Ellie and Lucy looked at their sister blankly. Missy sighed in exasperation over their culinary ignorance.
“It’s a temperature the candy needs to reach so it will set when it cools. Fudge and pralines are almost always taken to the softball stage, but it’s the rest of it I’m not sure about.”
“Like what?” Ellie asked.
“Well it says buttermilk, but what kind of buttermilk?”
“You mean there’s more than one kind other than disgusting?”
“Not helpful Lucy,” Missy admonished, “Even though you’re right.”
“You two don’t know what’s good.”
“Oh right, I forgot you and Mom actually drank the stuff. What I meant is does this mean two percent or one percent?”
Ellie asked in surprise, “It matters?”
“Yeah in candy making, you’d better believe it matters. This is what I mean by technique. There’s also buttermilk powder, but I think Mom used the liquid stuff.” 
Missy appeared to think for a minute before addressing Lucy.
“Okay Sherlock, we’ve got the recipe, or the outline of one anyway, but are no closer to actually making the candy. What do we do now?”
***
Lucy studied the recipe again and muttered, “Stirring constantly.”
“Right. That’s how you keep the candy from burning on a full boil. Hot sugar has a bad habit of doing that if you don’t watch it.”
“Wait a minute. I get where Lucy’s going…”
“Now that’s disturbing.” 
“Missy, cut it out. Lucy’s right. You know Mom was having weakness in her arms the past few years. She couldn’t have stirred constantly for very long. Could she have used an electric beater?”
Missy was shocked at the idea.
“With hot candy? Not a good idea. So that would mean…”
“Somebody helped her! Somebody else knows how to make the fudge!” Lucy exclaimed triumphantly.
Ellie looked doubtful.
“But would Mom do that? I mean isn’t it a secret family recipe?”
“You know Mom. She probably figured if anyone wanted to put out the work they were more than welcome to it.”
“Good point,” Missy agreed, “Besides Buttermilk Fudge isn’t an obscure recipe. It’s her technique we need, and some measurements.”
“So all we have to do is find the mysterious someone who helped her. How many friends did Mom have?”
At Lucy’s question the three women looked at each other doubtfully. Then they turned and started looking through storage bins again. It took them less time to find the address book as by sheer luck it was in a bin labeled office items. Missy joked it must have been a fluke.
“Oh dear, that’s a lot of names,” Lucy said as Ellie thumbed through the book.
“Why couldn’t Mom have a cell phone?” 
“You know how Mom was Missy. Because she didn’t want one,” Ellie stated, “Come on, if we split this up it won’t take that long.”
It was close to an hour later when, after relocating once again to the kitchen, they finally finished the calls. They had managed to talk to everyone in the book, but it was a spectacular defeat.
Missy crossed her arms and sighed heavily.
“Nothing. No one I talked to ever helped Mom make the candy.”
“Me either, but they all wanted to know how to make it once we found out.”
Ellie and Missy laughed at that statement.
“Any more ideas Lucy?” Ellie asked.
“No. I’m sure we’ll eventually find out who helped Mom, but Christmas is only three days away and we’ve got tons of other stuff we have to finish. I don’t think we’ll make it this year. I’m sorry.” 
“It’s not your fault. We went along with you.”
“Hey Ellie, why do we always go along with her?”
“Huh?”
“We always go along with Lucy. The mud puddle, the monster movie marathon, playing detective, and tons of other “adventures” I cannot recall at the moment. She’s like the Pied Piper and we’re the rats. Why? We’re older, we should be telling her what to do. It’s tradition.”
“Because she’s fun.”
Lucy looked pleased.
Missy was dubious, but then remembered that the monster movie marathon, and throwing mud at her sisters, had been fun. For all of them. Even though they knew they would have to pay for it when Mom found out. And she would find out.
“Oh. Right. Well, even if we don’t have the fudge this year, we’ll still have my cookies.”
“Sand Cookies?” Lucy asked eagerly.
Ellie added, “Meringue Drops?” 
“You got it.” 
“Let’s get down to the church. I need to buy some of my daughter’s brownies to encourage her.”
“Bring money!” 
They all laughed at Lucy’s perfect impersonation of her niece.
***
Fearful that they would be late, the sisters were surprised to find that they were amongst the first to arrive at the church fellowship hall where the bake sale was being held.
“Oh no, it’s the Monroe girls! Hide the children!”
The booming voice that caused everyone in the room to burst out laughing belonged to Karen Sawyer. Ellie smiled at her, but Missy and Lucy shared a look. Silently agreeing that Karen needed new material that didn’t involve embarrassing them.
“Hi Karen,” Ellie greeted her with a hug, “Thanks for helping Alice out.”
“No problem, I know things have been tough for you all. Besides my help was basically making sure no one got burned and tasting the trail runs. It was well worth it, if not so good for my waistline.”
“She must really like boxed brownies.” 
Missy smiled at Lucy’s whispered observation.
“Alice helped with the cleanup, and Tabby seems to be an old hand at making candy just like your Mom showed her.”
“Wait, Alice cleaned up?” 
Ellie sounded amused and astonished, but it was Missy who caught the important phrase.
“Tabby makes candy our mother taught her? What candy?”
“Come on and I’ll show you.”
As they followed Karen, Lucy asked, “Ellie you think…?” 
“Well Alice and Tabby did spend a lot of time at Mom’s house. Alice was never interested in cooking or anything, but I never thought of Tabby because of Karen.”
“Why?” Lucy asked.
“The microwave queen,” Missy reminded her.
“Oh right.”
They came to the table where Alice and Tabby were serving up pieces of familiar looking brown candy squares onto small paper plates. The sisters immediately recognized it as their mother’s Buttermilk Fudge.
Alice greeted them enthusiastically for a change. She was obviously very proud of her friend’s candy making success.
“Hi Mom. Aunt Missy. Aunt Lucy. Tabby did a good job didn’t she? I think it’s as good as Grandma’s.”
Tabby blushed and said softly, “I hope you like it Mrs. Stephenson.”
“I’m sure I will. How much?”
“Fifty cents apiece.”
“Fifty cents? That’s pretty steep Alice. Is it worth it?”
“This is the good stuff Mom.”
“My daughter, the used car salesman.”
Ellie handed over two dollars.
“Keep the change.”
Each sister took a piece and walked over to the other side of the room. Finally, they lifted the candy and took a bite. After a few seconds of chewing Missy proclaimed, “It’s just as good as Mom’s.”
“This is great!” Lucy giggled excitedly, “Now we can find out how to make the fudge.”
“Well that depends.” 
The sisters turned and saw a smiling Karen standing behind them.
Ellie was immediately suspicious as she knew her friend’s offbeat sense of humor all too well. 
“Depends? On what?”
“On if you are prepared to meet my terms.” 
***
At Karen’s pronouncement Missy demanded, “Terms? What terms?”
“Nothing that bad.” 
In spite of her friend’s assurance Ellie narrowed her eyes.
“We’ll be the judge of that.”
“What do you want Karen?” 
Missy was scowling and looking intimidating without even trying. Lucy sighed, wishing she could do that.
Karen, being the one girl amongst four brothers, was made of tough stuff. Not even Missy could intimidate her. So she got right to the point. 
“I want to know what The Oath is.”
Missy and Lucy gasped, while Ellie looked decidedly uncomfortable.
“You know about The Oath?” Lucy gasped in horror.
Missy was horrified as well, but it was Ellie who became the object of her righteous wrath.
“How does she know about The Oath?”
“She grew up with us, of course she knows about The Oath.” 
Ellie tried to be nonchalant, but her sisters weren’t buying it.
“You told her?!” 
Missy’s voice had risen alarmingly, but as Lucy shushed her she lowered it and proclaimed, “Ellie your hair is going to all fall out!”
“And warts, don’t forget about the warts.” Lucy reminded Missy.
“Yeah warts.”
Karen was laughing at the exchange.
“She didn’t tell me everything. I know of it, but now I want to know what it is exactly.”
“Oh we can’t. It’s just too horrible.”
“Lucy calm down. How bad can it be?” 
Karen was still laughing, but Lucy wasn’t.
“Oh you don’t know.” 
“This is your fault,” Missy accused Ellie.
“I’m sorry, it just slipped out one day. Come on we were fourteen. Karen why do you want to know anyway?”
“Because it’s been driving me crazy for years, that’s why. Here’s the deal. Tabby shows Missy how to make the fudge. You tell me about The Oath.”
Ellie looked at her sisters. After a few seconds Lucy nodded reluctantly. Missy took longer, but finally waved her hand in disgusted permission.
“Okay it’s a deal, but you are sworn to secrecy. Or Else.”
Karen was still more amused than frightened.
“Or else what?”
“Weren’t you listening to my sisters? Your hair will fall out and you’ll get warts.” 
“Going bald and warts. You Monroe girls play hardball.  Okay I promise. I tell no one. Ever. So what is it?”
The three sisters looked around to make sure that no one was near enough to hear them. Finally, Ellie gave a gesture for Karen to come closer.
“It’s our names.”
“Your names!” 
The three Monroe sisters quickly shushed her.
Karen lowered her voice and urged, “What’s wrong with Ellie, Missy and Lucy?”
“Those aren’t exactly our real names.”
“They’re nicknames,” Missy added, rolling her eyes.
“Except for me,” Lucy concluded.
“Okay, so what are your real names?”
Each sister sounded off.
“Eleanor.”
“Michelle.”
“Lucy.” 
At Karen’s surprised look Lucy shrugged and stated, “I told you it wasn’t a nickname.”
Karen still didn’t see a reason for a hair falling out wart-infested consequence.
“Come on girls, go ahead and drop the other shoe already. What are your full names?”
***
After an inward struggle the three sisters admitted to their shame by announcing in turn.
“Eleanor Rigby.”
“Michelle Belle.”
“Lucy Skye Diamond.”
Karen looked at them blankly before bursting into laughter. Her friends glared at her with varying degrees of annoyance and humiliation.
Finally Karen wiped her eyes and asked, “Who was into the Beatles?”
“Mom, she was a big fan,” Ellie stated.
Missy groused, “Fan nothing, the woman was obsessed.”
“I think you’re making too much of this.”
“Yeah right Karen, who has a normal name. Tell me that when you’re Lucy Skye Diamond.” 
“Or Eleanor Rigby.”
“Or Michelle Belle.”
“I get the other two, but what’s wrong with Michelle Belle?” 
“It rhymes.”
“Oh that is bad,” Karen sympathized, “How did you manage to keep this a secret for so long?”
Ellie started, “No one who knew ever used our full names in public…”
“…not if they knew what was good for them,” Missy concluded.
“Okay best friend of mine.  Now you know.”
“Relax Ellie, I can keep a secret. Missy, come over to my house tomorrow morning and Tabby can show you how to make the candy. She can also give you very detailed written instructions. By the way you do have a wooden spoon right?”
“Sure.” 
“Good, because I had to go out and buy one. Apparently it is essential. I have no idea why. See you later.”
As Karen walked away the sisters finished their fudge. Finally Missy announced, “You do realize that she’s going to be mocking us for all time.”
“I know, but she won’t tell anyone else.”
“She’d better not for your sake Ellie,” Missy warned, “Remember, baldness and warts.”
“Hey we solved the mystery,” Lucy suddenly realized.
“We didn’t so much solve it as it fell into our laps.” 
 “Oh Ellie who cares? The Lord really came through for us. Maybe we’ll go sleuthing together again someday.”
“Not me. I see a hint of a mystery and I am so gone.” 
“Squeak, squeak,” Ellie murmured.
Missy looked confused then laughed as she remembered how she and Ellie never said no to one of Lucy’s Wild Rides, and they never would.
It was just the way God had wired them.
Besides, it was fun.

The End




This story is based on an actual event, greatly exaggerated, and my sisters will forgive me. Eventually . . .Anyway, here’s the real star of the story. 


BUTTERMILK FUDGE

By C.L. Ragsdale
3-cups sugar
1-cup buttermilk
3-tbsp. light corn syrup
1-Tsp. baking soda
1/8-tsp. salt
2-cups nuts (pecans, walnuts, etc.) lightly toasted and chopped coarsely
2-tbsp. butter or margarine
2-tsp. vanilla

In a large saucepan or Dutch oven combine sugar, buttermilk, corn syrup, baking soda and salt. 

Over medium heat bring to boil, stirring with a wooden spoon to dissolve sugar. 
Cook--stirring constantly, about 40 minutes or until syrup reaches 234 degrees on candy thermometer to the softball stage.
 
Remove from heat; let stand 5 minutes.
 
Stir in pecans, butter and vanilla. 

Beat with a wooden spoon until mixture starts to thicken and loses its gloss. 

Working quickly to prevent candy from setting, drop by teaspoonful’s on waxed paper, or pour into greased pan and cut into squares. Let stand about 30 minutes or until set. Store in airtight container in cool, dry place.

Note: If mixture becomes firm before all is used, stir in a few drops of hot water.




A Sneak Peek at Some Mystery Books!!!





GOOD CLEAN MURDER, by TRACI TYNE HILTON

THAT WASN’T CHICKEN—by LINDA P. KOZAR

TERROR ON TYBEE ISLAND, by DEBORAH MALONE

MURDER ON THE OL’ BUNIONS--S. DIONNE MOORE

CHASING LADY MIDNIGHT--by C.L. RAGSDALE

WAITING FOR SANTA--by NANCY JILL THAMES

BONUS RECIPE! Cheery Chocolate Teddy Bear Cookies






A Plain Jane Mystery
GOOD, CLEAN MURDER
Traci Tyne Hilton
1
There had been a storm in the night and twigs and blossoms littered the long sweep of concrete front steps at the hundred-year-old stone mansion the Crawford family called home. Jane Adler had two hours to get the six-thousand square foot house whipped into shape. Then she was off to her next client to do the same thing. Jane was alone on the cool spring morning. The neighborhood was a quiet, haven of sunshine and fresh green gardens. She wished she could trade jobs with the gardener today, just so she could stay outside and enjoy the long-awaited sunshine.
On her way back to the front door she watered the early hyacinth and late crocus in the mossy urns that lined the steps. She fished the errant petals out of the bubbling fountain, and gave the brass fish that leapt out of the splashing water a quick polish.
Spring had finally come, and with it, her last term at Harvest School of the Bible. Jane was one semester away from graduation. Then she would fly away to the mission field. There were a few hurdles in front of her still: joining the right organization, fundraising, convincing her parents she was ready to leave the country for good.
Jane dusted the lid of the copper newspaper box and flipped it open. The morning paper was still lying inside.
Had the paperboy been late? Jane leaned around the pillar of the front portico to look down the street. She didn’t see any newspapers lying on the vast front lawns, but odds were most of the homeowners had boxes like the Crawfords’.
Jane turned the other way, but didn’t see the paperboy on his scooter. She expected as much. He had to be sitting in school by nine in the morning.
Jane carried the newspaper around to the back of the house with her broom and her watering can.
The special directions for today’s work would be waiting by the door in the mudroom. She prayed it wouldn’t be a Cinderella day. Cleaning the rugs, drapes, and fireplaces would destroy her tight schedule.
Jane swept the back steps, wiped the mildew from the windowsills, and used her rag to polish the brass porch light before she let herself back into the house.
As Jane racked the outdoor broom, her cell phone rang.
Caller id showed it was her roommate, Samantha. She sighed.
“Hey, Sam.” Jane slipped her Bluetooth around her ear so she could talk and clean at the same time.
“Get soy milk, okay?”
“And when should I do that? At nine tonight when my class gets out?” Jane stared at the bulletin board. The usual slip of paper was missing.
“Oh, are you doing that again?”
“Going to school? Yes.” Jane dropped to her knees and fished under the decorative storage bench for the list of instructions. She couldn’t feel anything so she pulled the bench away from the wall. The scraping sound on the slate floor made her skin crawl. “Was that it? Milk?”
“Soy milk, Jane. I’m lactose intolerant.” It sounded like Sam was chomping gum while she spoke. Jane grimaced.
“Did you see the paper this morning?”
“Funny you should mention the paper. It was still in the box when I got here.” Her directions weren’t under the bench, but she’d been cleaning the Crawfords’ home for two years now and knew the Monday schedule like the back of her hand. She knew everything except the special little things that were usually left on the bulletin board.
“Mr. Crawford didn’t have it lying out for all to see this morning?”
“What do you mean? Is he in it? Or one of his kids?” Jane shoved the bench back against the wall. She stood up and looked around the room. Nothing. If she could get Sam off the phone, she could text Pamela just to be sure there wasn’t something extra she needed to get done.
“Do you have it handy? Turn to the business section.”
Jane carried the newspaper into the kitchen. She hit the lights on the way in and sniffed. Something was missing. She sniffed again. Coffee. Had no one made coffee this morning? She twisted the lid off the coffee carafe. Empty. No coffee. No cups in the sink. No signs of life.
Jane gave the carafe lid a tight twist and put it back on the coffee maker. Then she slid onto a stool and opened the newspaper on the kitchen island. “Sorry. Were you still talking? I got distracted.” 
“Yes, I was,” Sam said. “I said, get the soy milk on your way to school, and you said sure.” 
“Not likely.” 
“Did you open the paper yet?”
“Umm, hmm.”
“Front page of the business section, below the fold.”
Jane turned to the page. Near the bottom, she found the headline that said, “Big Bob Crawford Bows out of Burger Business.”
“What is this?” Jane ran her eyes across the short article. Bob Crawford was closing the chain of burger restaurants his father had opened in 1950. He apologized for how his family business had contributed to the obesity epidemic in America.
“Wow. I knew his heart attack had affected him, but I never expected this.” Jane’s heart sank a little. This meant the end of free dinners on the days she cleaned the Crawford house.
“When you see him, ask him what he’s planning on doing now. Maybe he’ll get into the smoothie business.”
“I can’t ask him that, Sam. It’s none of my business and he’s my boss.”
“You and your boundaries. If I were in your position, I’d ask.”
“Like you’d ever clean houses for a living.” Jane scratched at a blemish on the granite top. A dinner spill, maybe. “I bet this is why things are so strange around here this morning.”
“What do you mean?”
“They didn’t leave any directions, or make coffee. All the lights are out. It’s just a little weird. Maybe closing the family business has put them off of their schedule.”
“No coffee? Poor you.”
“No kidding. Hey, I’m going to let you go. I’ve got to get this house put together before they get back.”
“Fine, but see if you can get Jake to tell you more about this.”
“If I see him, I’ll ask, okay?” Jane couldn’t remember the last time she had seen Jake Crawford and didn’t expect to see him anytime soon. Under those circumstances, it was an easy promise to make.
“Good enough. Get the soy milk, yeah?”
“Nada. I’ve got work to do.” 
“What evs. You’re a rotten roommate.” Sam hung up.
Jane frowned at her phone. Sam’s attitude problem was nothing new, but losing Roly Burgers was quite a blow. Jane’s stomach grumbled. Free burgers had been a great perk. 
Jane tied a pink bandana around her head to keep her wispy brown hair from shedding while she worked. Fast and thorough. She would try to make life for the Crawford family as easy as possible in the face of massive changes, but get in, get clean, and get out was her main goal.
Jane folded the newspaper back up. She set it on the kitchen desk, next to the charger station. She wondered what her dad would say when he found out about the end of the Burger with the Roly-Poly Bun. Running a Roly Burger franchise had made her parents’ early retirement possible.
The Crawford family home in the exclusive Laurelhurst neighborhood of Portland and all of the lavish lifestyle that went with it was entirely thanks to the second-generation burger chain.
Jane stared out the front window. How many people would lose their jobs when the restaurants went dark? She closed her eyes and said a silent prayer for them all. Portland did not need more layoffs.
After his heart attack, Bob Crawford had been morose. Depressed even. He had spent weeks on end huddled in his office, unshaven and wearing a bathrobe. Eventually he had cheered up, and it occurred to Jane that his new lease on life was probably due to the decision to quit making burgers.
Jane tried to shake off her own morose thoughts. If Bob didn’t want to make burgers any more God must have something else in store for the people who relied on him. She felt a catch in her throat. It might be true, but it was hard to believe. God let a lot of people suffer more than even the poorest of Portlanders. While she believed that God had his hand on the Roly Burger family of employees, she still felt a little sick about their impending loss of work.
Jane needed to get her mind out of the shadows. She recited the beatitudes as she made her way upstairs, in an effort to get her own attitude in order. “Blessed are the poor in spirit, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.” She pulled out a rag and dusted the deeply-carved wooden frames that lined the staircase. “Blessed are those who mourn, for they will be comforted.” She turned back and ran the rag down the banister. “Blessed are the meek, for they will inherit the Earth.”
She tried not to hurry as she rubbed the dust off the stair-rail spindles. Pamela Crawford always noticed dust on the mahogany. “Blessed are those who clean others' dirt for they will be able to pay for their schoolbooks.”
Jane tucked her lemon-Pledge-soaked dust rag back in her apron pocket and moved on to the laundry room, the chemical citrus wafting away with her. She needed to strip the beds and get the laundry going if she was going to get out to her next house on time. On her way past the laundry room, she grabbed a hamper.
Then she stopped. Monday was laundry day. Laundry day and payday. The envelope full of cash was always pinned to the bulletin board with her directions. That envelope was supposed to buy her books today. Standing still with the hamper on her hip she debated. Stop now, call Pam, and ask for directions and money, or just keep working? The laundry would take two hours, whether she was paid or not, so she moved to the master bedroom. She could call Pamela after she had the first load in the machine.
Jane pushed open the bedroom door with her hip.
In a smooth set of motions perfected over her two years as a housekeeper, she set the hamper down, grabbed the end of the comforter and pulled all of the bedding off the bed. Then she looked up to grab the pillows.
Bob was still in bed. 
“I am so sorry!” she whispered. She backed away from the bed.
Bob hadn’t seemed to notice her.
Heat rose to Jane’s face. What a complete moron! She should have knocked. She could have given him the chance to wake up a little. She looked away from the bed, waiting for him to speak.
He didn’t say anything.
In fact, Bob hadn’t moved a muscle when his covers had come flying off him. Surely, if a big guy like him had moved, she would have noticed.
She stepped back to the bed.
Bob was very still, and his face was pasty.
Jane’s heart thumped against her ribs, like a small, hard fist.
Bob was not well.
Her feet felt like bricks as she pulled herself across the Persian rug to the side of Bob’s bed.
He was wearing an A-line tank top—a wife-beater. His huge shoulders were covered in brown wiry hair. She had never seen Bob’s naked shoulders.
Jane placed two shaking fingertips under his jaw, and turned away.
She couldn’t feel a pulse. She moved her fingers across his thick neck, trying to find even the faint hint of life, but it wasn’t there.
Jane shoved her hand into the pocket of her jeans and yanked out her phone. 911. Must call 911.
 “Ambulance, Police, or Fire Department?” The voice of the 911 operator was steady, solid.
“Ambulance, please!” 
“Where are you located?”
Jane gave the operator the address of the Crawford home.
“An ambulance will be right there. Can you stay on the line with me?”
“No, I can’t. I’ve got to call his wife.”
“I understand. We’ll be right there.”
Jane ended the call and began scrolling through her phone for Pamela’s number.
Pamela could be at the gym right now, or at the salon, or with the board of directors dealing with the business. She could be anywhere. 
Jane found their daughter Phoebe Crawford’s number first and hit send.
“This is Phoebe.” Her voice was rough like she had just woken up.
“Phoebe, it’s Jane Adler. I’m at your parents’ house and your dad—” Jane’s voice broke, but she took a deep breath and continued, “I called the ambulance. I think it was another heart attack. Can you get here?”
“Slow down, what?”
“I’m at the house, and I think your dad has had another heart attack. The ambulance is on its way. Can you make it over here? Do you know where your mom is?” How did Phoebe not understand? Jane walked to the window to watch for the ambulance. Her knees felt like water.
Phoebe yawned on the other end. “That’s awful,” she said. “I had a rough one last night. Call me when he’s at the hospital and I’ll be right there, okay?”
“But I’m just the cleaner…you need to be here. Or your mom.”
“Oh, you’re that Jane. I wondered who this was. Call me when you know what hospital he is at and I will meet him there, okay? It’s just another heart thing. He’ll be fine.”
“I don’t think he’s going to be fine.” Jane saw the ambulance turn the corner, its lights spinning and siren blaring. A fire truck was right behind it.
“Okay, so call me later.” Phoebe yawned again and hung up.
Jane pressed her lips together. 
Bob was definitely not fine.

She needed to call Pamela. She scrolled through her numbers again but didn’t see it. Bob’s cell. Phoebe’s cell. Jake’s cell. Even Pamela’s sister-in-law’s number.
The ambulance pulled into the driveway.
Jane ran down the stairs to let them in. She threw open the door and directed two paramedics up the stairs. “The door at the end of the hall!” she hollered as they passed.
Jane followed them, with another paramedic right behind her. She reached the room just in time to see one of the men grab Bob by his feet.
Another man grabbed Bob’s shoulders. Together the paramedics pulled him to the ground.
Bob landed with a thud. Jane’s stomach twisted at the sound.
The man at Bob’s shoulders grabbed the neck of the tank top and ripped it down the middle. He began chest compressions, counting in a low voice.
The woman who had followed Jane pulled out the defibrillator.
Maybe Phoebe was right. Maybe they could start his heart again. The paramedics stuck wires at his chest and hip, and then applied the charge.
The man who had ripped Bob’s shirt attached an oxygen mask.
“How did you find him?” the third paramedic asked. She had been busy pulling things out of her medical bag and handing them to the two who were performing CPR.
Jane jumped. She hadn’t been expecting a question. “I just, I opened the door and went to strip the bed and there he was. He didn’t look right so I checked for a pulse.”
The paramedic nodded, encouraging her to continue.
Jane shook her head. “There wasn’t one so I called 911. Is he going to be okay?”
The paramedic tilted her head, her mouth in a small frown
Jane looked back at her phone and scrolled through the numbers. She needed to find Pamela Crawford. Now. She went through them all three times, the numbers and names swimming. She closed her eyes and pressed the heel of her hand over one eye. She counted to three. She opened her eyes and scrolled through one more time, slowly.
“Pamela’s mobile.” Under P, instead of C with the rest of the Crawfords.
Jane hit send.
The paramedic on his knees looked up at his partner and shook his head. The partner pulled out a cell phone.
A phone rang in the master bathroom.
The woman who had spoken with Jane put her hand on Jane’s back. “Would you like to answer that call?”
Jane held out the phone in her hand and pointed at her Bluetooth headset. “I’m trying to get a hold of Bob’s wife.”
The paramedic nodded and went back to work.
When Jane’s call went to voice mail, she hung up. What message could she leave Pamela? Thirty years of wedded bliss were likely over?
The phone in the master bath had stopped ringing, but Jane thought she’d check it. Maybe Pamela had been trying to call Bob, trying to find out where he was.
Everything went in slow motion as she moved to the bathroom. The doorknob clicked as it turned, as though it needed to be oiled. The door caught on the threshold as she pushed it in. She scrubbed that floor every Friday and could feel, in her fingers, exactly how much higher the bathroom tile was from the bedroom floor.
The voices behind her sounded like they had gone into slow motion as well. One voice said, “Get the declaration of death,” but the words went on forever.
Jane pushed against the doorknob, but it stopped against something. She pushed harder. It seemed to be hitting something that had a little give, but couldn’t be pushed out of the way just by opening the door.
She put her shoulder to the door but couldn’t bring herself to shove it open.
Bob was dead.
The paramedic who had spoken with Jane put her arm around Jane again and led her from the door. “It’s been quite a morning for you. Sit down.” She led Jane to a large wingback chair by the window. “You might be in a bit of shock. Just relax, and keep breathing, okay?”
Jane looked at the paramedic. They were about the same age. They had the same brown hair in the same ponytail, at the middle of the back of their heads. Jane nodded, and then closed her eyes.
The conversation of the paramedics was like a low throb around her. She couldn’t follow it. She could hear the words declaration of death repeating in her head like they were still being said. Would she have to tell Pamela, Phoebe and Jake that Bob Crawford was at a funeral home?
“Hey guys, look at this.” An urgent voice rose above the murmuring.
Jane opened her eyes. They had gotten the door to the bathroom opened a little farther and the paramedics were squeezing themselves through the gap.
The noise of their conversation rose louder and louder.
She heard someone say, “Get the coroner here.”
Another voice said, “Look at the bruising on her wrists. Go check the other body for bruising.”
Jane sat as still as she could, but all of a sudden she couldn’t catch her breath.
She leaned forward in her chair, letting her head drop. With her head between her knees, she held her breath and counted to three. Then she exhaled. She repeated it until her heart seemed to calm down. She hadn’t noticed that her arms had been shaking until after they had stopped. When her whole body felt still, she stood up.
She took one more slow, deep, breath, and walked to the bathroom. The door was open several inches, but she didn’t try to push her way in. She peered through the opening instead.
Pamela Crawford, a woman almost as large as her husband, lay crumpled on the bathroom floor, her face red and bloated.
One of the paramedics held her wrist in his hand. He looked at the other and shook his head no.
The female paramedic looked at the other two. “I’ll get her out of here.” Jane watched her mouth say the words, but her voice was almost silent.
“Jane, right?” she asked.
Jane nodded.
“Why don’t you come downstairs with me?”
They walked downstairs and into the kitchen.
“Why don’t you sit down while we wait for the police? They shouldn’t take long to get here.”
Jane sat down.
“You’ve had a shock. Will you be able to take the rest of the day off?” The paramedic had a sympathetic look on her face.
“Yes, I think I can.” Jane looked at her hands. She had her phone in a white-knuckled grip.
“Then why don’t you arrange that, okay? I need to get back upstairs.” The paramedic didn’t move or break eye contact.
Jane nodded and stared at the phone in her hand. She could call her next two clients and tell them what had happened. It was just two calls, but they were both friends of Bob and Pamela. What could she say to them?
“I should be here, for the family. I should change the linens and put the laundry in and make lunch.”
The paramedic shook her head. “We’re just gonna leave things the way they are for a little while, okay? Until we know what’s been going on..
Jane pressed her fist into her knee and took a deep breath. “But it was just a heart attack, right?”
The paramedic nodded, “It looks like Bob may have had a heart attack, and Pamela as well. We wouldn’t expect to find both of them on the same morning. The officers should be here any minute. Sit tight, okay?”
Jane listened for the sound of distant sirens. She let go of her phone and smoothed out her apron.
The paramedic tapped the table with her knuckles and lifted an eyebrow. “You okay down here?”
Jane nodded and the paramedic ran back upstairs, taking them two at a time.
“Blessed are those who hunger and thirst for righteousness…” Jane began the beatitudes where she had left off, in the faint hope of keeping her panic at bay.
A sharp knock on the door interrupted her.




Introducing

Traci Hilton

Traci Tyne Hilton is the author of The Mitzy Neuhaus Mystery Series, The Plain Jane Mystery Series, and one of the authors in the The Tangle Saga series of science fiction novellas. She was the Mystery/Suspense Category winner for the 2012 Christian Writers of the West Phoenix Rattler Contest, a finalist for Speculative Fiction in the same contest, and has a Drammy from the Portland Civic Theatre Guild. Traci serves as the Vice President of the Portland chapter of the American Christian Fiction Writers Association for the 2013/2104 session. 
Traci earned a degree in History from Portland State University and still lives in the rainiest part of the Pacific Northwest with her husband the mandolin playing funeral director, their two daughters, and their dog, Dr. Watson.
More of Traci's work can be found at http://www.tracihilton.com
Connect with Traci at Facebook!





Book Four of “When The Fat Ladies Sing” Series 
Spyglass Lane Mysteries!





THAT WASN’T CHICKEN

 By Linda P. Kozar

Chapter One

Praise the Lord and Pass the Potatoes

Spinning. The room twirled in circles, like an out of control merry-go-round. The nausea didn’t take long to kick in after that, and I soon found myself knees-down on the bathroom floor, “driving the porcelain bus,” as my best friend Sue Jan was fond of saying.
After a few frantic knocks at the door, Hudson burst into the bathroom, worry in his voice. “Lovita, what’s wrong? I heard—“
But I was too busy tossing my cookies to answer my husband. Hugging the toilet, I tried to answer, but the contents of my stomach had other ideas.
“Oh, honey, you’re sick?” He turned on the faucet and ran cold water over a clean washcloth. Wringing it out, he waited ‘til I was done, then handed it to me.
Though my stomach was still doing somersaults, I looked up at the face I adored and said “Thanks,” forcing my mouth to turn up into a weak smile.
Clothed in a navy blue suit, I couldn’t help admiring his masculine jawline, sleek dark hair and gorgeous brown eyes locked onto me. Dressed in my favorite green plaid pajamas and a white robe, no makeup and crazy bed-head hair, I was certain my complexion emanated its own peculiar shade of complementary green. “You should keep your distance.” I pointed to his suit. “I-I don’t want your clothes to get all messed up. You’re on your way to work.”
He shook his head. “I don’t care about my suit.”
“But you care about your client. You have to be in court.” I fought back the rising tide of nausea. “That important case you told me about--”
“Maybe you ate something that didn’t agree with you.” He snapped his fingers. “We had those grilled peppers and Italian sausages at Sue Jan and Monroe’s last night. They were a bit too greasy for my liking. I’ll bet that’s it.“ 
“Oh no . . .” With the mention of peppers and greasy sausages, my poor stomach couldn’t hold out another second. 
I glanced up as soon as I was able.
His brow furrowed. “Sue Jan’s a good cook, but you’ve been following a vegetarian diet for a while. Maybe you shocked your body eating those greasy . . .”
Palm to the sky, I pleaded. “Stop! Honey, please---please don’t mention that again.”
“Sorry.” He cocked his head to the side. “I hope and pray you don’t have food poisoning. I’ve had that before on a mission trip and--”
I swiped at my face again with the washcloth. “Hudson!”
He grimaced. “Sorry again. I didn’t mean—I shouldn’t have mentioned . . .” He turned and ran some cold water at the sink and handed me a fresh washcloth. “Can I—uh, can I get you an antacid or some water or something?”
“Hudson.”
“I wonder if you have a temperature?” He opened the medicine cabinet and peered in. “Where’s the thermometer?” 
“No, I don’t think I have a temp. But you need to listen.”
Intent on finding the thermometer, I knew his mind was focused on the search. 
“I’m really sorry I mentioned that food to you.  What was I thinking?” He poked through the contents of the cabinet. “I don’t see the thing. Do you have any idea where it could be?”
I lifted myself to the edge of the bathtub, sat down and sighed. “Hudson, I guess this is as good a time as any to tell you.”
He spun around and came to my side. “What is it? What’s wrong? I should have helped you up. What kind of husband am I?” He knelt down and pressed the fresh washcloth to my forehead. “Tell me what?”
I touched his cheek. “I don’t have a temperature, silly. We’re going to have a baby . . . ”
***
You might as well know that our little town isn’t what it once was. For one thing, Wachita, Texas is not so little anymore. We’ve had a growth spurt--more like explosion of families moving in and setting up new businesses--all because the neighboring town of Bentley grew too big for its britches.
Mind you, I’m not complaining, except for the fact that I can barely keep up with who’s who and what’s what any more. When Sue Jan’s husband, Monroe, got elected mayor last year, she thought of the perfect motto to promote Wachita, “Little town, big dreams.” Now our town isn’t so little, and our big dreams are turning into big nightmares.
“Earth to Lovita?” Sue Jan Madsen pursed her melon-tinted lips. 
“What?” Startled, my hand upset a glass of iced tea, almost knocking it over.
Her light brown hair, subtly highlighted, was turned under in an attractive shoulder-length bob. No more Crazy Cherry Reds or yam-tastic hair colors for her. Sue Jan was well on her way to looking and dressing the part of a politician’s wife. 
She reached over and snapped her fingers. “Wake up, Ita! There’s a yummy plate of barbecued brisket in front of you and you’re lost in space. That little one in your tummy needs to eat, you know.” She accentuated that thought by taking another bite of brisket and smacking her lips.
“So that’s really how you told him?” Jolene leaned forward, her elbows resting on the table.
“What?” I squinted.
Jolene McNulty, one of the hairstylists in our shop, had invited us to dinner to celebrate her son’s new job. Zane had finally scored a regular job as a BBQ chef at Sammy’s Smokehouse, one of the brand new eateries in town. Landing in and out of trouble over the years, the boy had given up life on the shady side for a more conventional means of earning a buck.  Jolene and her bank account couldn’t be happier. Things had gotten so bad over the years she’d figured bail money into her regular budget.
So in spite of the beauty shop being the busiest it’s ever been, we decided to close up a bit early and support her. I took a second to admire Jolene’s hair—a gingery shade, with medium brown undertones.  Better than the bleached bone color she used to favor. And she’d given up the fake bake too.  Wonder of wonders.
Sue Jan nudged me. “Silly, she’s asking you about how you told Hudson you got a taco in the oven.”
Jolene choked down her laughter.
I folded my arms. “That doesn’t even make sense.”
She shrugged and kept on eating. “Sure it does--we live in Texas, don’t we?”
I turned to Jolene. “Yup, that’s how it happened.” I sighed. “The whole plan we came up with about giving him a bunch of little gift bags filled with clues after his birthday dinner didn’t work.”
“Now refresh my memory. How was that supposed to go down?” Jolene set a freckled hand under her chin.
Sue Jan interrupted. “The first gift was supposed to be a vintage record “Shake, Rattle and Roll.”
“And,” I continued, “the second gift was a candy bar.”
“A Baby Ruth,” Sue Jan winked.
“What about the third?” Jolene’s eyes grew wide.
I smiled. “The third was my favorite—a jar of Prego spaghetti sauce.”
Jolene threw her head back in a hearty laugh. “Good one, Lovita! Good one!”
“Lovita?” Sue Jan snorted indignation. “That was my idea.”
“Oh, sorry.” Jolene shrugged.
“Actually, Jolene, I think Sue Jan wanted to say she found that cute idea on one of those mommy blogs she visits.”
Sue Jan promptly stuck her tongue out at me and turned to Jolene.  “But then Lovita got morning sickness and tossed it and lost it.” She tittered. “So much for that plan.”
As if on culinary cue, the three of us, four counting the taco in my oven, dug into our food--a mucho gusto moment.
Sammy’s BBQ Smokehouse was located right down the street from our Crown of Glory Beauty Salon and Boutique. Though the restaurant was big by Wachita standards, every inch of it was filled with hungry customers. Roasted chicken, sausages, brisket and pork ribs were the specials. Next to the salad bar, a BBQ station offered pickles, onions, tomatoes, chopped jalepeno’s, and slices of white bread, as well as big vats of sauce in mild, medium and “atomic”. I smiled. Slathered in enough sauce, the other customers looked like extras in a zombie movie as they gnawed on racks of ribs.
Jolene made a sweeping gesture around the room. “Will you look at all these folks? Zane’s gonna knock their socks off with his good cooking.”
“I agree, Jo.” Sue Jan swiped at her mouth with a fresh napkin. “These are the best ribs I’ve ever tasted.”
In the past year, Sue Jan and I had embarked on a regime of diet and exercise. Though our husbands preferred not to give up meat, the two of us had stuck pretty much to a vegetarian diet with the goal of losing weight and looking great. Though there were brief setbacks, such as the minute we set foot inside a Mexican restaurant or whenever we visited our favorite Wachita Chinese restaurant, the Wok of Ages, Sue Jan and I had been dedicated enough to finally fit into size twelve clothes right off the rack! 
When the OB/GYN gave me the baby news, she also recommended a change in diet since my blood was low on iron. Though, I’d broken my vegan vow with Sue Jan’s dreaded sausages a few days ago, ugh, the time had come to venture into carnivorous territory again. I lifted a forkful of sliced brisket to my mouth, closed my eyes and chewed. 
My worries were unfounded however. “Ummm.” The tender taste of perfectly BBQ’d meat hit my tongue like a silver bullet, destroying all aspirations of remaining a strict vegetarian. “Sooooo good.”
“I knew you’d give in.” Sue Jan winked. “I did too, Ita.” She sat back in her chair gazing at the empty brisket/sausage/short ribs plate in front of her. “Sure, we lost weight eating rabbit food, but face it—you and I ain’t bunnies. I miss eating roast beef and burgers and hotdogs and pork chops and sausages and ham and . . .”
“But you both look so good.  Don’t throw it all away.“ Jolene pleaded. “You lost enough weight to make two other people.”
Though my mouth wanted to issue a snappy comeback, I knew Jolene was right. Besides that, she meant well. Sue Jan and I had lost enough weight to make two other people. Maybe three. I put down my fork and smiled. 
“Thank you, Jo. I’ll accept that as a compliment. And no worries--contrary to what Sue Jan said, I plan on keeping lots of vegetables in my diet after the baby is born. But after a taste of this dee-lishus BBQ, I know I’ve got to add some meat now and again to balance things out.”
Sue Jan sniffed. “This ain’t the first time she rediscovered meat. We had her and Hudson over for dinner. I fried up some Eye-talion sausages and peppers and . . .”
Hand instantly to my mouth, I stared at her, hoping she would see my face as pale and drained as it suddenly felt. “Stop—now.”
“But—“
I shook my head. “Don’t mention that again. I-I mean it.” At the risk of offending Sue Jan, I had to stop her. I knew there was no way I’d be eating anything akin to a sausage and pepper combination anytime soon—at least for the duration of my pregnancy. The very thought made me want to hurl.
“Well—uh,” Jolene struggled to save the conversation. “What about Hudson? Is he a-a—whatchamacallit too?” Jolene’s eyes grew wide.
I smiled. “A vegetarian, or vegan if you like?”
Sue Jan giggled. “I never got used to that word. Sounds like you’re from Las Vegas, or another planet.” She lifted her hands. “Greetings earthlings, I am from the planet Vegan. My head looks like a giant eggplant.”
When we finally stopped laughing, at Sue Jan’s antics, I answered Jolene’s question. “Hudson never gave up meat. I cook it for him, just didn’t put any on my plate. And he happens to like most vegetables. Except for broccoli. He hates broccoli.”
Sue Jan eyed my plate. “Ita, you gonna finish that last little piece of brisket?” 
I shook my head, “Go on, you can have it.”
“Thanks.” She speared and inhaled it in the same breath. She pointed her fork. “That son of yours, Jolene—“ Sue Jan sat back. “If he keeps cranking out food this good, he’ll go far.”
Jolene smiled wide. “Thanks. That means a lot to me. You know what I’ve been through over the years with him. And now he’s got a new job, a steady girlfriend—“ Her voice cracked. “For the first time in a long time, I got a little hope he’ll make something of his life.”
I touched her arm. “Of course he will. We’ve been praying for that boy too long not to get any results.”
Jolene brushed away tears. “Thank you both for all them flare prayers over the years. Zane sure needed ‘em.”
“You’re not kidding.” Sue Jan shook her head. “No offense, but that boy’s crazier than popcorn on a hot stove.”
Jolene’s lips pressed together for a moment. Times like these made me wish Sue Jan had a filter on her mouth. No mother wants to hear that about her own child--even if it’s true.
“But now he’s off to a new start.” I held up my glass of tea. “To new beginnings.”
Eyes glossy with tears, Jolene smiled and held up her glass, “New beginnings.”
Sue Jan clinked her glass into ours. “Ditto!”
High time for a new subject of discussion, the crowded restaurant provided a perfect example. Swiveling my neck in a half-moon scan of the room, I commented.  “I was just thinking about how much Wachita is changing.”
Sue Jan took a sip of her iced tea. “Hmmmph, well if you ask me, that’s a good thing ‘Ita. This town was a podunk, no-wheres-ville before Monroe got elected. Now it’s highlighted on the map and so is my husband.” She looked to the right and to the left. “Can you two keep a secret?”
I shot a glance at Jolene, a slight smile curling her lips. The irony of the question took a few moments to sink in. Everyone in town knew, well, at least everyone in the old Wachita used to know that Sue Jan was incapable of keeping even a simple secret, like a recipe for instance, or a surprise birthday party. So for her to ask us, well . . . ”
“Monroe’s got political perspirat . . .I mean aspirations.”
“Such as?”
She winked. “He’s thinking he might be a judge or maybe run for state representative or-or even for the senate one day.” Sue Jan took a sip of her iced tea. “I know, I know what you’re both thinking. I just finished decorating his office. And it took forever to have that plaster bust of him made in Mexico.”
The plaster bust of Monroe was a subject of conversation around town. Not that Sue Jan cared to know. I tried to tell her numerous times.
The bust looked more like Pancho Villa meets the Lucky Charms leprechaun. Did I mention the artist painted it too? That’s right—in vivid colors, complete with Monroe’s red hair, rounded myopic eyes and big glasses.
I smiled. “Well, I can’t think of anyone in politics I’d trust more, except for . . .”
“Hudson?” She pointed a red-lacquered fingernail at me. “Course, you’re his wife. I knew you’d say that.” 
Hudson and Monroe had worked at the same law firm in Bentley until Monroe decided to run for mayor of Wachita to oppose a crooked politician by the name of Wiley Butz. Long story short, Monroe won, the town of Wachita was saved, and even though Wiley skipped town, the law soon caught up with him. The would-be mayor traded his fancy Men’s WearHouse suits for an orange jumpsuit.
She studied my face and gulped. “But, ah, Hudson’s not interested in running for public office, is he? I mean, because, oh sure, he’s be good and he’d probably git elected real easy ‘cause he’s so easy on the eyes and all, and women voters love a politician who’s easy on the eyes. Not that my husband ain’t all that and a basket of fries too, but still . . . ”
“So you don’t think my husband’s as qualified as Monroe?”
Sue Jan sucked in her breath, eyes wild. “Is Hudson gonna run one day?” Her face blanched. 
Jolene and I burst out laughing. “No, thank goodness, you know my husband isn’t interested in running for public office. But I couldn’t resist needling you.”
“Lovita Mae Horton Taylor! I oughta read you the riot act for putting me on like that.” She reached for a tissue in her purse and patted imaginary perspiration off her forehead. “You know how stressed out I am these days, what with taking care of the kids and running the shop and being first lady of Wachita an’ all. I’ve had to cut a lot of ribbons lately, opening stores and businesses and whatnot.”
Besides all her mayoral wifely duties, Sue Jan gave birth to twins almost a year ago—a boy and a girl named Marshal and Emma. Cute as bugs! And Sue Jan and Monroe couldn’t be happier, but as for the shop, I had no idea what she was talking about. I took care of running the business end of things. Though I guess maybe cutting ribbons to open all the new businesses in town could be exhausting.
“Howdy.” Charla, Sue Jan’s cousin’s daughter, a petite li’l thing with a pink balloon of bubble gum half hiding her face, sat down. The drinks on the table rattled as the bubble popped--the scent of cheap perfume and bubblegum overwhelming us all at once. Her blonde hair, cut in an attractive bob, she greeted us with a smile and the prettiest white teeth you ever did see. The young woman turned heads wherever she went. But when she opened up her mouth to speak, she might as well have had a hayseed sticking out the side of her lip. The girl was country to the core. 
“Sorry I’m late. She removed the gum from her mouth and wadded it up in a paper napkin. “Took me a while to set Lula Mae’s hair. It’s getting’ thin as a rake up top her head.”
Now let me take a moment to clarify things. We took Charla in at the salon mainly because she’s Sue Jan’s kin, her niece from the wrong side of the tracks to be exact, but also because she needed a job and dreamed of being a stylist all her eighteen plus years of life. When her whole family moved to Wachita last year, unexpectedly, Sue Jan realized she had an opportunity to help her out.  We took her on, but also under our wings, so to speak.  With all the time we put into teaching her what we all know about the beauty biz, Charla was well on her way to becoming a fine colorist and stylist. Now if we could convince her to stop wearing so much of that cheap perfume…
Sue Jan shook her head. “Good old Lula Mae. You sure are right about that. Fixin’ her hair is like trying to tease corn silk.”
Charla pointed and grinned wide. “That’s ‘bout what it was like!”
Her cell phone dinged. Charla picked it up to look. “It’s Zane.” A smile on her face, she typed in a reply and looked up. “He’s coming to say hi.”
“Oh good. I was wondering when he’d show up at our table.” Jolene, repositioned herself, eyes toward the kitchen door.
I nudged Charla. “Sooo, things getting serious between you two?”
She bit her lower lip and looked down at the table. In a whisper, she answered. “Sometimes I think so, and other times I ain’t so sure. If he weren’t so jealous all the time. . . ”
Before I could reply, Zane raced out of the kitchen, a towel on his shoulder. Glossy brown hair, parted from the side gave him a handsome pool-boy kind of look. 
Though Jolene stood up and held her arms out, Zane had another destination in mind. The first thing he did was lock-lips with his girlfriend. When the two de-puckered, he finally noticed his mama and gave her a hug. But he kept one arm on Charla the whole time. “How’s my two favorite girls?”
“Good,” they answered in unison like the Doublemint twins.
From the looks on their faces, I guessed they didn’t mean to harmonize their reply--a little mama-versus-girlfriend friction, perhaps?
“Real good,” Jolene continued, her expression daring Charla to speak. “I’m so proud of you, son.”
His brown eyes crinkled as he smiled. “Well thanks a bunch, Mama, but it ain’t just me cooking. Jeremy’s in the kitchen too. He does the same job as me. The boss man says he’s going to pick one of us to be his top chef. He’s watching to see who does the job best and I’m aiming to have him pick me. The top chef gets a big fat raise and a bonus every year. He’s gonna decide after the big BBQ cook-off next month.” His eyes moved to Charla. “I wanna win real bad. That kind of money could change our lives.”
Charla wrapped her arms around his neck. “I know you’ll win, Darlin’. Besides being a great cook, you’re a hard worker--the first one at work in the morning and the last to leave.”
He frowned. “Not no more. Jeremy wised up. He’s pulling out all the stops.”
Jolene gasped. “I thought he was your friend.”
“He is, Mama.” Zane laughed it off. “There’s ‘jus a little friendly competition between us.”
Charla smiled up at him. “Don’t matter none.” She grasped his chin in her hand. You’re gonna win, baby.”
He took her hand and kissed it. “I’m already a winner, ‘cause I have you in my life.”
Right in the middle of that tender moment however, something happened--nothing weird, strange or even out-of-the-ordinary or anything like that. A young intern from the law firm, a nice fellow by the name of Grant Holmes, came to the table to say hi. 
If either of us had known the chain of events that would occur from that chance meeting, Sue Jane and I would have spun our arms like windmills to wave the boy away. Lord knows, if we’d had the chance to keep him and Zane apart, the poor guy might still be alive.









Introducing

LINDA P. KOZAR


Linda Kozar is the co-author of Babes With A Beatitude—Devotions For Smart, Savvy Women of Faith (Hardcover/eBook, Howard/Simon & Schuster 2009) and author of Misfortune Cookies (Print, Barbour Publishing 2008), Misfortune Cookies, A Tisket, A Casket, and Dead As A Doornail, (“When The Fat Ladies Sing Series,” eBooks, Spyglass Lane Mysteries, 2012). Strands of Fate released October 2012 (Hardcover/eBook, Creative Woman Mysteries), and her nonfiction title Moving Tales, Adventures in Relocation, released in 2013 (Indie-Published). She received the ACFW Mentor of the Year Award in 2007, founded and served as president of Writers On The Storm, The Woodlands, Texas ACFW chapter for three years. In 2003, she co-founded, co-directed and later served as Southwest Texas Director of Words For The Journey Christian Writers Guild.  www.lindakozar.com 
In addition to writing Linda is Lead Host of the Gate Beautiful Radio Show, part of the Red River Network on Blog Talk Radio—interviewing Christian authors from Debut to Bestselling, airing the 3rd Thursday of every month. She and her husband Michael, married 24 years, have two lovely daughters, Katie and Lauren and a Rat Terrier princess named Patches.
Represented by: Wendy Lawton, Books & Such Literary Agency
Member of: CAN (Christian Authors Network), RWA (Romance Writers of American), WHRWA (West Houston Romance Writers of America), ACFW (American Christian Fiction Writers), Writers On The Storm, The Woodlands, Texas Chapter of ACFW, Toastmasters (Area 56) The Woodlands, Texas, The Woodlands Church, The Woodlands, TX.

Books By Linda

Misfortune Cookies (Book 1) “When The Fat Ladies Sing” Cozy Mystery Series
Best friends Sue Jan and Lovita run a beauty shop/boutique in the little West Texas town of Wachita. They share a passion of food and fun. But one day, over lunch in a Chinese restaurant, Lovita opens a fortune cookie with a sinister message: “Your father was murdered. . .” a clue that leads them to God, an international spy ring and several devastatingly handsome strangers. A most unlikely pair of detectives, these girlfriends “Comb” the countryside with style, sarcasm, and lots of Szechwan. This tale is like good take-out food–definitely worth bringing home. 
A Tisket, A Casket (Book 2) “When The Fat Ladies Sing” Cozy Mystery Series
When Lovita Mae Horton wins a trip for two to attend a cooking school in Paris, she invites her best friend Sue Jan Pritchard along. Their joy is short-lived however, when they find out the trip is to Paris, Texas. Sue Jan has family there—Aunt Lila and Cousin Pouncey, but discovers her eccentric Cousin Pouncey has just passed away. When Sue’s Jan’s unique antique platinum engagement ring goes missing, they suspect she lost it when saying her last goodbyes. With her wedding only a few months away, Lovita, Sue Jan and Aunt Lila decide to unearth the ring on their own, but instead dig up the dirt on an international ring of art thieves intent on brushing them off for good.
Dead As A Doornail (Book 3) “When The Fat Ladies Sing” Cozy Mystery Series
With her wedding to Hudson just months away, all Lovita’s plans seem to be going awry. A crooked politician is running for Mayor, his girlfriend is opening a new beauty shop in town, and the contractor building Sue Jan and Monroe’s dream home is found dead, with Monroe as their prime suspect. To top it all off, the money from the high school band fundraiser has disappeared. Now the kids won’t be able to go to New York City and march in the Macy’s Day parade. All the girls have to do is nail the real killer, find the missing money, save their beauty shop, and rescue the little town of Wachita, before Lovita walks down the aisle. Can two big bodaciously beautiful women do it? Piece of cake. 
That Wasn’t Chicken (Book 4) “When The Fat Ladies Sing” Cozy Mystery Series
Murder, mystery meat and morning sickness! Hudson and Lovita are expecting and she’s having trouble keeping food down for the first time in her life. Her best friend, Sue Jan is busy juggling mommy-hood. And the Crown of Glory Beauty Salon and Boutique is busier than a one-toothed man in a corn-on-the-cob-eating contest. Things are great until a handsome law intern disappears after an argument with their top stylist’s once-upon-a-time wayward son. So Lovita and Sue Jan put down their forks and pick up the trail to solve the mystery before Jolene’s son has to trade in his chef’s uniform for prison stripes. But the super-sized sleuths soon discover something very unusual about a popular new barbecue restaurant in town. Does everything taste like chicken, or did they risk it eating brisket?
Alligator Pear (Historical Romance)
Young artist Fleur D'Hemecourt is as breathtaking as the surreal beauties she paints and as decoriously aloof. Haunted by the childhood loss of her parents, she returns to Post WWII New Orleans and the foreboding mansion on St. Charles Avenue to claim her estate, with the intention of continuing her art studies in Europe. Her plans soon change when she and Louis Russo, a handsome young attorney meet.  But a series of accidents and near misses convince her that someone is after her life. Dark secrets soon begin to surface--painting shadowy images of family, friends and the man she dares to love.
Babes With A Beatitude—Devotions For Smart, Savvy Women of Faith
With a fresh innovative title, Babes with a Beatitude appeals to the busy woman-on-the-go with 366 short, one-page devotional messages that get right to the point. Each message is written by everyday women, sharing extraordinary messages to let readers know that a busy life can still be a blessed life, which is the literal translation of the word “beatitude.” This easy-to-read and easy-to-apply inspirational book is the perfect companion for a stop at a red light, a wait at the drive-through, or between pouring cereal on a busy morning. Busy women who value a devotional message each day will love the impact on their lives this book will make.
Babes with a Beatitude offers quick devotional messages with penetrating thoughts for women in all walks of life. This smart and savvy book, with a uniquely designed two color interior, offers inspirational messages that women can identify with. Each message is designed to point women toward godly encouragement and practical solutions letting them know they can live a blessed life, which is the definition of the word “beatitude.” 366 short, one-page devotionals get right to the point and are easy to apply. Scriptures support each message and questions or comments follow each message giving women guidance for self-reflection.
Moving Tales—Adventures in Relocation
If you or somebody you know is packing up for a migration across town, across the country or around the world, Moving Tales, Adventures in Relocation, offers a welcome diversion to the broken dishes, lost furniture and everything else that always seems to go wrong during a move. The lighthearted, and sometimes unbelievably true stories of those who’ve moved in, moved out and moved on, will move your heart and lift your spirits.

Available on: Smashwords




TERROR ON TYBEE ISLAND
By Deborah Malone

Chapter One
“Oh—my goodness! There she is! Dee Dee tugged on my arm.
Dee Dee, who some considered to be “Rubenesque,” did not tug gently. I sent up a silent prayer that the affronted limb would stay attached. “Who? Where?”
“It’s her, Paula Deen.” Dee Dee stopped in her tracks and pointed to a stylish woman exiting a limo. “Paula, Yoo Hoo. Over here, Paula” Dee Dee’s arm gyrated like a helicopter blade.
Nana hopped up and down. “Paula, I’m your biggest fan!”
Sure, I liked Paula too. But I didn’t plan on making a fool of myself. Okay, I admit I’ve made a fool of myself several times without planning, but this wouldn’t be one of them. Mama must have noticed the panicked look on my face.

“Don’t worry, Sweetie. I’m sure she’s used to fans vying for attention.” Mama, the quickest of the bunch, threw up her arm and waved wildly to Paula.
I couldn’t believe my eyes—Paula waved back. Then she walked toward us. As she approached, I labored to breathe.
“Hey, ya’ll,” Paula said. “How ya’doin’ today? I just love and appreciate all my fans.” Dressed in a matching watermelon-colored ensemble and not one of her stunning white hairs out of place, she was beautiful. “Why don’t y’all come and eat with me? ? I’m having a special taping tomorrow and would love for you to be in the audience. ‘Bye now.” She wiggled her fingers in a princess wave as she maneuvered through the throng of fans and into her famous restaurant, The Lady and Sons, located in downtown Savannah. A young lady accompanying Paula handed us tickets while instructing us to arrive by two the next afternoon.
“Did you see that, Missy?” Nana’s pet name for me, reserved for occasions when she wants to make a point.
“Yes I did, Nana. I’m impressed.” I gave her a little squeeze.
“What do you think, Trix?” Dee Dee laid her hand on my shoulder. “How about we come back tomorrow for the taping? This would be great research for your article.” Dee Dee was right. Harv, my editor and mentor at “Georgia by the Way,” wanted me to write about Savannah’s landmarks as well as her rich history. I made a mental note to research the building that housed Paula’s restaurant. Attending a live show could give my story a unique slant.
“Sure. I say let’s go for it. Mama, are you in?”
Mama’s eyes widened. “Oh, I’d love to attend a live show.”
Nana squealed. “I’m going to see Paula. I’m going to see Paula,” she trilled. 
I went inside and made reservations while the girls’ window-shopped. They hadn’t gone far when I returned. We walked up and down the busy sidewalks keeping pace with the other tourists. A bus, the color of a bluebird, with advertisements of tours brightly painted on the sides, drove past. I jotted down the name splashed across the back. We were still oohing and aahing at the sights, when Mama noted the time. Reservations awaited us at Seaside Cottage, a bed and breakfast located on the beach.
***
A wood-carved sign hung by the doorway inviting guests to “Come On In.” I stepped into an open, airy room furnished with bright, colorful pieces. I especially admired the hand-tatted doilies and antique seabird collection “Hello! Anybody home?”
Red wing-backed chairs scattered around gave the large area a homey feel. An off-white couch faced a huge rock fireplace with a hand-hewn wooden mantel. Built-in bookshelves filled with sailor’s pipes flanked each side
A Tiffany lamp provided light for an antique roll-top desk placed in the corner. It was a cozy little area. Pictures of seascapes and other nature themed paintings adorned the walls. Colorful throw rugs covered the shiny hardwood floors.
Dee Dee, Mama, and Nana were gushing over the motif, when a lady Mama’s age decked out in white Capris, bright orange shirt and the cutest matching flip-flops entered the room. “Hi. Sorry I wasn’t here to meet you. I was out back talking to my neighbor.”
Mama hesitantly approached her. “Laura?”
“Betty Jo?” They giggled like schoolgirls and ran toward each other with open arms.
“Oh, I’m so excited to see you.” After a prolonged hug, Laura stepped back and gave Mama a long look. “You haven’t changed a bit since high school.”
“Your nose is growing, Laura.” They hugged again. “Please let me introduce my sidekicks.” Mama turned toward us.
She pulled me close. “This is my daughter, Trixie, and this is her friend, Dee Dee.”
While I offered a hand to shake, Dee Dee stepped up and gave Laura a hug like she was her long lost cousin. Bless her heart, that’s the kind of person she is. Without a doubt, I’m blessed to have her in my life.
“And I’m Belle, Betty Jo’s aunt.” Nana didn’t wait for introductions. “Please call me Nana, everyone does.”
“I’m so pleased all of you could spend your vacation with me.” Three Heinz 57 dogs entered the room. Their barking drowned out any further conversation.
“Hush, boys,” Laura scolded, but they only barked louder. She raised her voice. “Please excuse me for a minute. I have a friend involved in dog rescue and I volunteered to help while she’s sick. Let me put ‘em in the outside pen.” Laura held out a treat and the dogs tagged along like she was their mama.
The dogs barking subsided, replaced by angry voices. Several minutes passed and we were beginning to worry when Laura stomped back in, red-faced, nostrils flaring.
“I could just strangle her.” She shook her head.
Eyes wide, Mama asked, “Who?”
“That woman next door, Grace Watkins. I could just strangle her. I’m sorry. Since I took in the dogs the old snoot has complained to anybody who’d listen. She’s so afraid they’re going to dig up her precious turtle eggs.” She stopped her tirade. “Oh my goodness, y’all don’t want to hear all this. Let me get you settled, then come on down for some refreshments.”
As Laura led the way upstairs to our bedrooms, we regarded each other with a deer-in-the-headlight look. My leg was still a little sore from recent knee replacement surgery, so I brought up the rear. She showed Mama and Nana their room first. I stuck my head in and eyed a comfy room painted deep coral, accented with a seashell border, and two antique iron sleigh beds. I knew they’d love staying in this gorgeous room
While they unpacked, Laura showed me, and Dee Dee where we’d sleep. Walls the color of the sea greeted us. Dropped shelves around the top of the walls displayed every size and shape of shell imaginable.
The double canopies reminded me of my childhood home. White beds accented with white spreads made the room a little girl’s dream come true.
“Oh, Laura, how beautiful!” I turned around to take in the whole room. “Thank you for opening your home to us. Mama’s been ecstatic since you invited us to stay.”
“I second everything she said.” Dee Dee claimed the bed nearest the bathroom. In the past she’s been plagued with frequent nature calls, but now that she wears one of those new patches, she can go a few hours without making a potty stop. But she still automatically parks herself nearest the facilities.
“Okay, ladies. When you get through, come down and help yourselves to the snacks in the dining area.” She left us to unpack.
I couldn’t wait to freshen up, I felt like a wilted sunflower.
Dee Dee looked out the window. “Wow. What a view, Trix.” She held the curtain open and pointed. I could only glimpse a bit of the beach from where I stood across the room. She swiveled back around to soak in more of the panorama. “Oh, no!”
“Oh, no what?” I stuck my head next to Dee Dee’s wondering what she’d seen. Down below, Laura, feet apart and hands on hips, argued with someone.








Introducing

DEBORAH MALONE

Deborah Malone’s first novel Death in Dahlonega, finaled in the American Christian Fiction Writer’s Category Five writing contest! Deborah was also nominated for 2012 Georgia Author of the Year in First Novel category. She has worked as a freelance writer and photographer, for the historic magazine “Georgia Backroads.” She has had many articles and photographs published, and her writing is featured in “Tales of the Rails,” edited by Olin Jackson. She is a member of the Georgia Writer’s Association as well as Advanced Writer’s and Speakers Association. As a current member of the American Christian Fiction Writer she has established a blog where she reviews Christian Fiction.





LaTisha Barnhart Series, Book One



MURDER ON THE OL’ BUNIONS
by S. Dionne Moore

Chapter 1
Something about the Out of Time antique store didn’t feel quite right that Tuesday afternoon. The rattle of that annoying bell Marion Peters insisted on hanging over the front door combined with the shock of cool air against my hot skin and managed to fry all my circuits and make me feel a little crazy. Kind of like the days when my kids each used to demand all my attention at once.
“Mercy, Marion,” I reached up to still the clattering noisemaker and called down the narrow building toward the soda fountain Marion used as a counter, at the back of the store. “When you goin’ to bless us all by removing this thing?”
No one answered. Strange, that. Silence is not one of Marion’s virtues. Come to think of it, her Virtue list is pretty short, if you get my meaning. And no one enters Marion’s store without her verbally pouncing on them with news of her latest purchase of quality merchandise or her daughter Valorie’s most recent show of academic brilliance.
My sweet husband, Hardy, set the bell to rattling all over again as he heaved his plaid pants a little higher and stepped inside the shop and out of the New Mexico sunshine. He shot me a grin that sported his pride and joy—his lone front tooth, covered in gold. But the sight of his weathered black face and grizzled gray-black hair has filled my heart with contentment for going on thirty-eight years. ’Course, I don’t let him know that too often, or he’d be thinking he’s got me wrapped around his little finger.
Hardy shut the door and gazed up at the spastic bell. He reached to silence the thing, fingertips three inches shy of meeting their goal. His cocoa eyes rolled in my direction, waiting. You see, Hardy’s as short as I am tall.
I reached up to squelch the bell and patted him on the head, not bothering to hide my smile. “Where’d you disappear to? I looked all around the library for you, then gave up and came here.”
Hardy’s grin didn’t dim. “Went to Payton’s to talk music. He tried to sell me a book on playing the banjo.”
“You don’t play the banjo.”
“Yup. Where’s Marion?”
“How am I supposed to know? I just got here myself.” Reaching around Hardy’s slender form, I opened the door wide enough to set the bell to making noise and slammed it hard. We both cocked our ears toward the room for any sound to indicate Marion’s arrival.
Hardy guffawed. “Never thought I’d enter a place owned by Marion Peters and not hear her mouth flapping.”
I sailed past the old Broadwood concert grand piano that took up one side of the room and peered into one of the two boxes of books I’d purchased earlier in the day. Marion had grudgingly agreed to let me leave the boxes until I could fetch Hardy to haul them for me. “I suppose we can just take this box and go. Wonder where the other one is?” Where was that woman? “Marion!”
“Lot o’ wind in them lungs for an old woman.”
“You better shut your trap, Hardy Barnhart. Years of yelling after you has given me my lung capacity. Marion!”
Hardy’s eyes twinkled. “She’s giving you the silent treatment. I figure she’s still mad at you for—”
“You hush.”
“Marion can hold a powerful grudge.”
His words came to me through the filter of my own warring thoughts. Something wasn’t right. I could feel it. Marion never left the store without flipping the sign from OPEN to CLOSED. And forgetful she’s not. Ask anyone who has ever done her wrong. I glanced back at the door. The sign definitely said OPEN.
“You go ahead and load this box into the car, I’m gonna look for the other one.”
Hardy shuffled forward. “You paid for them?”
I sent him a healthy dose of the look I made legendary with my children. “Of course.”
He held his hands up, palms out. “Just askin’. If LaTisha Barnhart is thinking of starting a life of crime, I want to make sure I get cut in on the loot.”
This man. He makes me crazy. I glanced down the length of him and smirked. “Got your drawers hitched too high again, don’t you? I can always tell—you start spouting crazy things.”
“Yeah, like the day I said, ‘I do.’ ”
“That’s not what you said. You said, ‘Yes, ma’am.’ ”
I peeked into the box. The old books, covers frayed and worn, were neatly stacked, and definitely the ones I’d purchased. I motioned to Hardy and he lifted the box to his shoulder. I turned and mentally itemized the merchandise in the store. Having worked at Out of Time until my youngest left for college last fall, I knew exactly where everything should be. A few dustless outlines proved recent sales had helped boost Marion’s receipts, but other than that things looked normal. And why shouldn’t they be?
The store didn’t hold much. A huge oak bookcase, a mahogany secretary, and a cherry dining room set, took up most of the twenty-one-foot length. Thanks to her going-out-of-business sale, Marion’s overpriced stock now sported tags well within the price range of Maple Gap folk. The store’s impending closing had surprised many of the citizens. Everyone figured Marion’s elite clientele of wealthy collectors both here in tourist-laden New Mexico and across the United States would keep Out of Time a thriving landmark for many years.
So much for that thought.
The scent of old books and dust hung heavy in the air. A draft of cold air raised shiver bumps on my arms. I stilled myself, turned, and studied everything again, forcing deep, calming breaths. Something was eluding me. Whatever stirred my senses to high alert seemed to be strongest at the counter. I returned there and sucked in another breath. And that’s when I caught it. A certain strange scent. What was that odor?
A mental image of my grown son at the age of eight bloomed. Tyrone had been helping Hardy build a shed and had sliced his finger a good one on the saw. Tyrone gave out a yelp. I went running. Hardy’s dark chocolate face took on a milk chocolate patina at the sight of the blood, so I took charge. As Hardy hit the ground in a faint, I barked instructions to my children on how to care for their father and hustled Tyrone to the car.
I directed our old Buick through town, one hand on the wheel, the other helping Tyrone maintain pressure on the wound. I tell you, blood seeped through that towel faster than I felt comfortable with, filling the air with its copper scent.
That was it! I inhaled the air in Marion’s shop, held my breath, and then released it slowly. My stomach clenched hard. Blood.
All my senses flared, spitting warnings, making my head spin. With a hand on the counter, I steadied myself for what I knew needed to be done. As if pulled by an unseen string, I gravitated toward the only corner of the room I hadn’t already examined. Some sixth sense screamed at me, telling me to hightail it out of there. But I ignored it, my feet leading the way, my brain screaming at my toes, telling them to cease all forward movement, turn tail, and run.
I focused on the things scattered along the counter, a white envelope, an old-fashioned cash register, brochures of the store, a small bell for service. The now identified scent of blood saturated the air. My throat clenched. My feet must have finally got the message because they wouldn’t move forward at all now, so I steeled myself and leaned forward over the counter.
Marion.
Her head lay in a pool of blood.
Cold shivers tingled along my scalp. My heart skittered. I pressed both hands flat on the counter and squeezed my eyes shut to block the horrible image as shock carried me over the edge of rational thinking into one where every impulse had its way. I opened my mouth and gave vent.
Hardy came on the run, his steps banging along the wooden floor as he skidded to a halt beside me.
“What’s wrong? What happened?”
My tongue stuck to the roof of my dry mouth.
“You getting ready to drop over or something?”
Tears glazed my eyes and turned Hardy into a fuzzy, carnival-mirror image. I raised my hand and shooed him away. “Get back,” I finally croaked. “Go back outside. You don’t need to see her.”
Hardy’s eyes got wide. “What you talking about, woman? See who? You ain’t been sniffing glue again, have you?”
He sure knew how to get to me, but I wasn’t having any of it. “You know I only did that once on a dare. Now you get.” I waited for him to retreat, instead he stared. I flicked my hands at him, hoping he’d trust me on this one. “Hardy. . .” My glance at the place where Marion now rested gave everything away.
Hardy’s expression melted into a frown. “What’s back there?” He took a step closer.
“No! You’d better not stick your nose over that counter. I’m warning you. You’ll be sorry. Don’t look.”
“Hardy’s coming around, LaTisha,” the young doctor of Maple Gap stood in the doorway of Out of Time, divested of its annoying bell at long last by the chief of police himself.
“I think he’ll be just fine.” Dr. Troy Gordon motioned me to precede him back into the store. “It’s not every day one sees a dead body.”
I stepped over to the end of the counter, careful to keep my eyes off the form flanked by the police chief and another man I’d never seen before. I gazed down at Hardy’s waxy complexion. He needed a thorough chiding, so, being the good wife that I am, I warmed to the event like a microwave on high. “I told you not to look. You never do listen.”
The doctor knelt next to my man and patted Hardy’s shoulder as he tried to sit up. “You’d better lay back down, Mr. Barnhart. You’ve had quite a shock.”
“Naw,” he grated out. “She talks to me like that all the time. Ignoring her works best.”
My tongue poised to reply, but a wave of dizziness gripped me so hard I felt myself whirling. “I’m a-thinking I’m going to lay me down, too.”
Dr. Gordon’s wide-eyed face tilted up at me, and he jumped to his feet. Just as my knees gave way, a hand jerked me backward and my body folded onto a chair.
“Head down, LaTisha.” Doc’s hand pushed my head between my knees, or as far forward as it could reach over my stomach. Diet is a four letter word, after all.
Within seconds the dizziness began to release its grip. Something tickled down my belly. As my head cleared, I realized the sensation came from my pantyhose beginning a southern migration. Never could get a decent pair anymore.
“How do you feel?”
Doc Gordon’s voice penetrated my thoughts. I croaked a little hiccup and raised my head slowly. “I’ll be fine.” But I wanted air. Real bad. I nodded toward the door. Doc must have understood my silent plea because he gripped my arm and helped me get up. With his hand directing me, I broke out of that shop and back into the spring sunshine. He helped me get settled into one of the two Windsor chairs he’d dragged from Marion’s shop.
“I’ll bring Hardy out here, too. I daresay he’s had enough excitement in that store.”
Within minutes, Doc Gordon returned with a wan, shuffling Hardy.
“You don’t look so good,” I said as Hardy slumped down next to me and buried his face in his hands.
“Neither did she.”
I scootched my chair closer to him and squeezed his shoulders, drawing his head down to my chest. “You listen next time I tell you something. Thought you’d done gone and had a heart attack.”
I spread my hand on his slender back and wondered how, after thirty-eight years of my cooking, the man had yet to put on more than five pounds. He was too skinny. Of course, he always told me I’d gained enough for both of us.
Hardy’s voice came out muffled. “I wouldn’t leave you to have all the fun.”
The doctor reappeared. “Officer Simpson wants to talk to you, LaTisha. I told him you weren’t feeling well and to wait awhile. He’s pretty anxious to ask you some questions. Do you feel up to it?”
I twisted around in the chair and saw the young police officer standing in the doorway. I nodded at him, anxious to have the whole incident behind me. “Come on over here and get to your asking.”
Doc gave Hardy a pat on the shoulder. “I’ll be inside if you need me.”
Hardy straightened in his chair as the officer approached. I gave his complexion a good once-over before frowning at the policeman and jabbing a finger toward Hardy. “You can ask me what you need to until he’s feeling perky.”
“I just have a few questions, ma’am.”
“You new to town?”
The young officer swelled up a bit. “Yes, Mrs. Barnhart. I moved into town last week.”
I gave the newcomer a good scrub down with my eyes and wondered why I hadn’t heard of his arrival. No way was I anxious to have to go through the whole trauma of explaining how I found Marion’s body with this young fellow.
“Job doesn’t pay well,” I started out, making good and sure he knew I had the upper hand. “We just lost two men a month ago because the city council didn’t approve raises. One of them moved his family to Seattle, the other became an insurance salesman.”
“Uh, yes, ma’am.”
“I’m LaTisha Barnhart. And you?”
“I’m Officer Mac Simpson.”
“Not a bad looking boy. How old are you?”
“Thirty-two.”
“Tisha.”
Hardy’s voice held an edge that I recognized right away. I rolled my eyes his way. “I’m just trying to be neighborly.”
“Let the boy do his job.”
I huffed back into my chair and crossed my arms, considering. Doesn’t hurt to give the new guy a few warnings about small town living. Who knew? A murder right after a new person arrives in town. . . Suspicious if you ask me.
With Hardy getting uptight with me, I’d have to summarize my welcome speech. “You must have bought the Hartford’s place. Only house for sale that I know of. I’ll bring you some of my fried chicken. Don’t want newcomers to feel unwelcome here. I consider it my duty to make sure new people have at least one good square meal. Moving is hard work, and organizing a kitchen takes a woman’s touch. You got yourself a woman? Preferably a missus.” My eyes slid to his left hand. No ring. “We can take care of that for you, too, just give us a chance.”
Satisfied that I’d had my say, I waited for the man to begin with the questions. He blinked like a barn owl in the sunlight for a full thirty seconds.
“Hurry up and ask what you need to ask. I haven’t got all day.”
His Adam’s apple bobbed, and he cleared his throat. “I—” He glanced at the small notebook in his hand as if it contained the script he should follow. I knew the pages were blank. Noticed it right off. Not much escapes me. Ask any one of my seven children. They’ll tell you their momma not only has eyes in the back of her head, but she’s got ’em on the sides, too, and the high beams are always on.
Being that I had more education about these police things than he probably did, I decided to help him out. “You want to know what I was doing in the store and how I found Marion.”
His lips cracked a small smile. “That would be a good start. Yes.”
“The chief asked me all this already.”
“Yes, ma’am. He wanted me to ask again.”
Now if there’s one thing I don’t like to have to do is repeat myself. I tell you once. That’s it. You ask for a repeat and you might get it—slowly and with every vowel enunciated—but you ask again, and I’ll call the ear doctor and set up a fitting for you to get yourself a hearing aid.
I leaned forward, deciding I’d give this boy a second chance. This time. Since he was new and all. “I went into the store to pick up some things I bought earlier. Hardy came in after me. Something seemed funny when Marion didn’t start talking right off. That’s Marion for you. She never had any need for quiet. Anyways, I went around the counter and there she was.” I had to push hard at the sight of her that flashed in my brain. Forcing back my emotions, I went on. “Payton heard me—that’s the owner of the music store next door, don’t suppose you’ve met him yet—and he came over right after Hardy fainted. He’s the one who called you boys. That’s it.”
Officer Simpson scribbled in his book. “Did you see anything suspicious? Hear anything out of the ordinary?”
“I smelled blood.” And still did. I swallowed hard. “Took me awhile to figure out what that smell was, but I did. That’s when I thought to look behind the counter.”
Voices carried over from the doorway of the shop. The chief of police and a man I didn’t recognize talked for a minute before the stranger went back inside. Chief Chad Conrad caught my gaze and headed our way.
Simpson saw his boss coming. His expression became severe. “I must say you’re pretty calm for someone who just saw a dead body.”
I latched onto his eyeballs with mine. “Look here, I’ve had seven children, five of those are boys. Between bumps, scrapes, and breaks, there isn’t much more that’ll shock this momma. If one of them boys didn’t drop blood every day they’d thought they was girls. You feelin’ me?”
“Uh, I—” Officer Simpson’s face became a fiery red, and he gave his boss a mortified look. “Why, no, Mrs. Barnhart, I’d never—”
“That’s not to say I’m not sorry for Marion. She was a pillar in this community, but she’s also a woman who is well known for her high-handed ways and churlishness. I figure most folk wanted to give her a good push at some point or other, but that doesn’t mean I did it!”
Chief Conrad presented a slick authority figure beside his younger counterpart. He also maintained the honor of Maple Gap’s most eligible bachelor, though Officer Simpson’s hand, sans ring, might mean the chief’s days retaining that honor were numbered.
The chief leaned to whisper in Officer Simpson’s ear. Relief flooded the younger man’s face. He sent me one last, almost terrified glance and went back inside.
Conrad hooked his thumbs over the edge of his thick black belt. Squint creases on either side of his eyes, coupled with his thin lips and dark widow’s peak, gave him the look of a tough guy. “I should appoint you to the force, LaTisha. The way you intimidate people is amazing. You and I could do the good cop/bad cop routine quite well.”
Hardy snorted to life. “Yeah, but you’re a little too mean looking to be the nice guy, Chief.”
The two laughed themselves stupid at that. I crossed my arms and glared. But the idea of being a cop, an investigator, or an officer on the force. . .
“I’ve only got one more semester before I’ll have my degree in police science,” I offered, pointing a finger after the departing Officer Simpson. “Bet that boy doesn’t have one of those.”
“I can’t be too choosey at this point, LaTisha. The budget restraints are stretching us as it is.” His gaze shifted to the store, and I could almost hear his brain churning. He doesn’t know how he’s going to manage a murder investigation as short staffed as he is.
Conrad pulled his gaze from the store. “How are you two feeling?”
I glanced at Hardy, relieved to see the familiar sparkle in his eyes.
“We’ll survive.”
Couldn’t help but wince at Hardy’s choice of words. Chief just grinned.
My curiosity got the best of me. “How do you think it happened?”
“We won’t be sure for a while. State police are on their way with a mobile crime lab vehicle. Could be she just had a bad fall and slammed her head against that radiator.”
“She’d have to have fallen awful hard. It’s not like she weighs a lot.”
Conrad pursed his lips. “True. We’ll let the state men do their thing to find out. In the meantime, there are a few more things I need to ask you. Payton has offered us the use of his store while Nelson finishes taking pictures of the bo—”
I shook my head and ran a finger across my neck so he wouldn’t shake up Hardy again with reminders of Marion’s body.
“—uh, the details.”
“Does Hardy need to stay?” If Conrad insisted on talking bodies and blood, my man needed to leave or we’d be sweeping him up in a dustpan after he shattered.
“How about I talk to you first. While we’re talking, if Hardy could play us a tune. . . ?”
Hardy pushed to his feet. “Sure thing, as long as Payton doesn’t try to sell me anymore banjo books.” He laced his fingers together and stretched them, palm out in front of him, until his knuckles cracked. “I’m a piano man.”




Introducing:
S. Dionne Moore
S. Dionne Moore started writing in 2006. Her first book, Murder on the Ol’ Bunions, was contracted for publication by Barbour Publishing in 2008. Her second cozy mystery, Polly Dent Loses Grip, was a 2010 Carol Award finalist and she was also named a Barbour Publishing 2010 Favorite New Author. Her newest release, historical romance A Heartbeat Away, released May of 2013. Born and raised in Manassas, Virginia, Moore moved to Greencastle, PA in 1993, then to Mercersburg in 2009. Moore enjoys life in the historically rich Cumberland Valley where traffic jams are a thing of the past and there are only two stoplights in the whole town.
For more information, visit her Website at www.sdionnemoore.com. Follow her on Twitter: @sdionnemoore Pinterest: http://www.pinterest.com/sdionnemoore Linkedin: http://www.linkedin.com/sdionnemoore
**  **  **
S. Dionne Moore, Author
http://www.sdionnemoore.com
http://www.theborrowedbook.blogspot.com




A Sneak Peak At My New Cozy Mystery (With Superheroes)



Chasing Lady Midnight
by C. L. Ragsdale
Prologue

Tell Me If You’ve Heard This One: Four Superheroes Go Into A Warehouse…

You know I really don’t need this right now.
I’ve been lured into a trap and I’m going to have to fight against three members of the leadership of The Mighty Superhero Security Squad. The meanest, most powerful superheroes on the planet. All at once.
Even worse, I haven’t had my coffee yet.
First there’s Captain Cornflake…I mean Courageous (curse Crystal for starting that) who can fly and has super strength. True he’s got an ego problem, but according to his sidekick, Sergeant Strong (who’s supposed to be marrying my sister, but not if I can help it), he can be a team player when it’s important. Apparently I’m important. Lucky me.
Then there’s Wildcat Woman with her long curly brown hair flying as she leaps into attack position on a pallet of crates to one side of me. It’s a good show, seeing as she is six feet tall, in top physical condition and gorgeous. She’s also trained in every martial art imaginable, has unbreakable talons for fingernails and a temper that makes “wildcat” something of an understatement. 
In spite of what has to be one of the corniest superhero names ever, this is not a woman to be messed with. Unfortunately that is exactly what I am going to have to do while keeping all of my body parts intact.
Finally, there’s The Crimson Destroyer. The name is partially due to the color of his costume. As for the destroyer part, he’s a Physics Manipulator, specifically Kinetic Absorption. What’s that? Well he’s strong to begin with, and the more you pound on him the stronger and more invulnerable he becomes. And if you don’t do it his teammates will. Don’t worry it doesn’t hurt him. At least he won’t admit to it.
Don’t misunderstand, I may not sound like it but I am taking this seriously. You see these are the people who wrested control of The Squad away from real superheroes who knew what they were doing. Not an amateur like me trying to play catch up.
I must admit to being impressed. As traps go, this is a pretty good one. They’ve got me in a warehouse and have rigged the lighting from hard light to soft light which is defusing the shadows, and when your superpower is controlling shadows that’s a bit of a problem. Not that the shadows are gone, but being defused I can’t really use them because I can barely see them. Also the warehouse has high ceilings, which allows a flyer to maneuver. Now my three opponents have spread out in front of me so I am trapped between them and the wall behind me. I guess I should be scared, and I am, but fortunately I’m also a little cranky.
I did mention that I haven’t had my coffee yet, right?
Okay so I’m outnumbered and at the moment out powered. So what?  In spite of all of that I am the first born daughter of Lightening Lass and Quazar the greatest super couple ever! Even more important I am a child of God, and no one can stand against HIM! Provided saving me from The Squad is in His Plan.
Oh God, please let that be in your plan.
So I put my defensive strategy into play and try to look bored. 
Now I know that sounds dumb, and it may very well be, but the worst thing I can do right now is to let these bullies think I’m scared of them. I am, of course, but that is beside the point. Of course my acting may all be for naught, because they say Wildcat Woman can smell fear. In a way I hope that’s true because I must stink to high heaven. 
I hope it burns her sensitive little nose.
Sorry, like I said I’m cranky right now. I don’t like coming up with battle plans on the fly at any time, but especially when I miss my coffee.
Black. Sugar and cream are for sissies.
Besides looking bored, I am trying to come up with my next move. Let’s see Courageous is in the air, Wildcat Woman is squatting and ready to pounce and The Crimson Destroyer is in front of me doing his Crimson Destroyer thing…whatever that is. My back is literally against the wall. So when they come at me, which they will, can I make my shields work when my shadow is defused? 
I have no idea. 
Sometimes being a twenty-oner is not very helpful.
It’s then that The Crimson Destroyer makes his first move, which is to start talking. 
I think his plan is to convince me to give up. Either that or he loves the sound of his own voice. Maybe Corn…I mean Courageous (man I need coffee bad) is not the only one with an elevated sense of self-esteem.
“Finally, we meet. Your pictures do not do you justice, my dear.” 
Oh great, he’s trying to wow me with his suaveness. It is way too early for this.
For her part Wildcat Woman gives her husband a dark look. According to my mother, she hates it when he tries charm other women. Superhero, villain, or just plain female, it doesn’t matter. She’s ready to rip all of their throats out to keep her man. 
Just so you know, my mother meant that literally.
“Quit flirting and let’s just take her,” his wife growled, “Without the shadows she’s nothing.”
That is rude. Accurate, but rude, none the less. 
Of course Courageous just has to get in his two cents by saying, “Yeah what are you going to do? Talk her into submission?”
Whoa, maybe I’m not the only one who is caffeine deprived just now.
The Destroyer, who, like all The Squad leadership, does not take defiance well in any form.  Even from another leader. He looks at his “team” member and snarls, “Just shut up and do your job pretty boy.”
Pretty Boy? That’s the best insult you’ve got? The Destroyer needs to work on the art of the witty comeback.
You know it is times like this that I have to wonder how these yahoos ever managed to take over the super world. Don’t get me wrong, individually they are scary as all get out, but as a team they can’t seem to hold it together for any length of time. As a matter of fact, in every confrontation I’ve had with The Squad or their affiliates they end up fighting with each other and forgetting all about me. 
And it’s getting on my nerves.
I mean come on! Am I so not a threat that they feel totally free to ignore me? Who they came to fight in the first place by the way? Every darn time? Forget about my nerves, it’s insulting.
My moment of righteous indignation is interrupted as I notice that Wildcat Woman is looking at me instead of the arguing uber males. Stranger yet, those yellow eyes of hers, which are big anyway, seem to have doubled in size. She looks…scared?
Okay, what did I do and how can I keep doing it?
“Uh…guys…” 
That’s odd. Her voice doesn’t have that usual snarling that she affects to scare her opponents. And did she actually stammer just a little there? Wildcat Woman never stammers. I don’t think anyone has ever seen her afraid. Until now that is.
The men, who are too busy playing “who’s the baddest alpha male on the planet?” ignore her. Fortunately for me, as it gives me the time I need to figure out what has their teammate so spooked all of a sudden.
“Look, I don’t take orders from you!” Courageous was shouting. 
Apparently The Sergeant was wrong about that team player thing.
The Destroyer barks back, “On this mission you do, you stupid…”
“Guys!” Wildcat Woman nearly screeches never taking her eyes off me, “You need to look over here now!”
The two look at her in surprise and then at me. Correction, not at me, but the wall behind me.
However, by this point I don’t even have to look to know what has them all so uptight. You see my extra sense has kicked in and I can view them from different perspectives at the same time. This means my shadow has climbed up the wall behind me in spite of the soft lights, and from the looks on their faces it must look really mean.
It can do that. I’ve seen it, and it is really disconcerting.
Lay a trap for me when I haven’t had my coffee will you? Take that!
The Squad should attack me now, but they are all frozen in place. This is one of their major weaknesses that I can’t figure out. Besides arguing with each other during a fight I mean. They seem incapable of making quick adjustments when things do not go according to their plans. Tracker (another Squad takeover member) did the same thing the first time I faced him, which is weird considering his battle experience. I didn’t think of it at the time, but the man has been a soldier most of his life. If he couldn’t adapt quickly in that profession he shouldn’t be alive. Also, Crystal, my favorite blogger, has reported several instances of the bad guys actually getting away from The Squad because of this very thing. But since their main defenders, the politicians and the mainstream media, did not take it seriously, neither did the general public.
I can understand not winning every fight, but this inability to adapt makes no sense. I make adjustments all the time and I barely know what I’m doing. So why can’t they? Unless, they can’t . . .
But that would mean…
It is then that I am struck by an epiphany.
I am an idiot. No, strike that! I am a super idiot. Mostly because God has been trying to tell me something for the longest time now, and I haven’t been listening. Never a good idea!
I mean--he does know everything.
I guess my ears are finally opened up, because I now know that I was betrayed by someone I loved and trusted…no betrayed is the wrong word. Deceived, duped, suckered, take your pick. The evil mastermind behind The Squad was never on my side and the person I thought they were never existed.
That is what evil masterminds do. Mess with you.
Wonderful. Now I have to defeat these super powered…puppets, who outnumber me, find my archenemy (did I really just say archenemy?), figure out what the real plan of doom is and save the day.
You know, I really wish I hadn’t missed my coffee, and sometimes I really wish I had never heard of Lady Midnight.
Even if she is me.
So how did I get into this mess? Well it all started two days ago (my how time flies when you’re trying to save the world) with a training session that went horribly bad. How bad? Well…I got into fight with my sister. No, I do not mean an argument. I mean a fight, and it got kind of intense. How intense? Well she tried to blast me to kingdom come, and she would have done it if I’d slowed down long enough to let her. 
Now to be fair she didn’t know it was me she was trying to blast. I was wearing a mask and my hair and eyes were the wrong color. Most significantly, her older sister (she always stresses the “older” part) isn’t supposed to have superpowers, let alone be able to hold her own in a super fight. Which was true, until I turned twenty-one years old. Then…it’s a long story.

The End







Introducing

C.L. RAGSDALE

Books by C.L Ragsdale are available (Just click the link for your favorite retailer!) at: Smashwords.com

The Reboot Files (series):
Book 1: The Mystery of Hurtleberry House
Book 2: The Island of Living Trees
Book 3: The Harbinger of Retribution
Book 4: The Wrong Ghost
Book 5: The Great Scarecrow Invasion
Book 6: What is a Woolly Weegie? (Coming Soon)

Chasing Lady Midnight - Available November 2013







A Jillian Bradley Mystery, Book 6


Waiting for Santa
By Nancy Jill Thames
Chapter 1
Warmed by the fire, Teddy had fallen asleep on the sofa. Although the heat was lulling me to sleep as well I needed to finish the final touches on my weekly gardening column. Glancing at my Yorkie who slept so soundly made me smile. Pausing to stretch a moment I was drawn to the Christmas music playing on the radio and hummed along. Silver Bells happened to be a favorite of mine.
Last article of the year.
How much longer did I want to be doing this? The internet held such a wealth of information on gardening nowadays. Perhaps people didn’t need to read garden columns in papers anymore. Still, I did have loyal fans who enjoyed holding the hard copy in their hands. Maybe I could keep writing another year. 
My thoughts were interrupted.
Oh, good. Time for the noon news.
I turned up the volume. “This is AP radio news,” the announcer began. “WASHINGTON: A U.S. Army Black Hawk helicopter crashed on a nighttime mission in southwestern Afghanistan yesterday morning. Initial reports from the scene indicated as many as three soldiers may have been killed, with another soldier seriously wounded....”
“Oh, dear! Not another helicopter.” I winced.
“In a brief statement, the American military command in Kabul confirmed the reports of three casualties. Unspecified weather difficulties may have played a role in the crash, but enemy action had not been ruled out. The name of the wounded soldier was released as Corporal Kenneth Romero of Hackensack, New Jersey. He was listed in grave condition and being flown to Ramstein Air Base in Germany to undergo evaluation.”
Not my nephew-in-law! My heart skipped a beat thinking how Kaitlin must feel hearing the news about her husband.
“I need to call my brother immediately, Teddy. Where’s my iPhone?”
He whimpered and stared at me, alert, sensing something bad had happened. Jumping down off the sofa, Teddy raced into my office and yipped at a small table next to the wing back chair.
“You’re such a good dog!”
 After I clicked the number, Teddy crawled into my lap to comfort me as I waited for Daniel to answer. Will they still come for the holidays? They were due to arrive tomorrow afternoon, the day before Christmas Eve. 
“Daniel? It’s Jillian. I just got the news. Is he okay? Have they told you anything?”
He paused before answering. 
I could tell Kenny’s condition was serious.
His voice sounded strained. “All they said was he’s alive and at the medical facility at Ramstein. We won’t know anything more until they do a complete evaluation.”
“What about his injuries?”
“Too soon to tell. But he’s alive and conscious. It’s a miracle he survived. Hey, don’t worry. We’re still flying in tomorrow. Kaitlin is holding up pretty well considering what a shock this is. She’s being strong for the kids.”
“I’m glad you’re still coming. We’ll ride this out together. I’ll be praying for his recovery day and night.”
“Thanks, Sis. I’ll call if we hear anything — otherwise, we’ll be coming in tomorrow afternoon. I’m having a shuttle take us to your house. With six of us, you can’t imagine how much luggage we’re bringing!”
“I can’t wait. And Teddy’s going to love all the attention.”
“Oh, by the way, we have an extra guest coming with us. I hope it’s okay.”
“Extra guest? Are you teasing me?”
“Just a little. Kaitlin’s dog sitter had to cancel at the last minute, and with the holidays everyone is booked. You don’t mind him coming along, do you?”
“The pug? No, of course not. The more the merrier! Teddy will be thrilled to have a playmate.”
I looked at Teddy to catch his reaction.
He understood we were talking about him. He yipped as if to say, “Depends on the playmate.”
I had to chuckle. “Teddy’s not so sure but I think they’ll be fine. Can’t wait for you all to get here. And Daniel, let’s believe Kenny’s going to be okay.”
“I appreciate your positive attitude. Love you.”
I sat back on the sofa and prayed. Lord, please put Your hand on Kenny right now and cover him with Your healing touch. Amen.
“Come on, Teddy, let’s get those cookies baked and decorated. The kids will be here tomorrow.”
He pricked up his ears at the word cookies and followed me immediately into the kitchen where I had assembled all the ingredients.
I took my favorite Santa Claus apron off the coat rack in the laundry room and tied a pretty little bow in the back. After the oven was set to 350 degrees, I began making the dough.
Teddy lay on the floor as the mixer buzzed, resting his head on his paws watching me. He looked so cute in his Christmas sweater and jingle bell collar. I knew people thought I was crazy for the way I dressed him but I didn’t care. Soon the pleasant aroma of cookies filled the house.
The weather had been colder this year. Heavy rain predicted for the next several days would add to the chill. I didn’t mind — rainy weather meant sitting by a cozy fire reading a book and sipping tea from one of the lovely teacups I’d collected over the years.
That reminded me — my turn for hosting the garden club was Wednesday, the day after Christmas. At least plenty of goodies would be on hand, and fruitcake, of course. I didn’t care if I was the only one who enjoyed the old fashioned concoction — Christmas only came once a year.
With the baking finished I put aside some of the confections in a goody bag prepped for an inmate I knew. 
Just a few months had passed since Rhonda O’Brien had been incarcerated last summer for taking part in the demise of several elderly victims in Half Moon Bay. I made a promise to befriend her in spite of her ill treatment of me. The visit would be the second attempt to reach out to the lonely woman. I had no reason to visit her other than my understanding of her loneliness and the empathy I felt. The man she loved had committed suicide rather than face multiple charges for murder unlike my husband who died courageously saving the lives of his friends during Vietnam.
Knowing dogs were not allowed inside the prison (except for the police collared variety) I dropped Teddy off with Cecilia, my very pregnant personal assistant.
Whatever was I going to do without her after the baby was born? I never left Teddy alone after my last Yorkie had been kidnapped.
Cecilia, supporting her swollen belly with one hand, answered the door and invited me inside. She reached for Teddy. “Come here, you sweet little doggie.” My personal assistant was beginning to sound like me!
“Can’t stay, dear. I’m running a teeny bit late for an appointment.”
“I can’t believe you’re going to visit Rhonda again. She was so standoffish last time!”
“I know, but it’s Christmas and she has no one. I can relate to her situation. Now, Teddy, be a good dog and I’m sure Cecilia will take you for a nice walk if the rain lets up. “You don’t mind do you?” I handed her the red rhinestone-studded leash.
“Of course not. I need to go for a walk myself. The doctor said walking could help start my labor. I’m a week late you know.”
“Dear me. Well, just be careful you don’t slip. I’ll be back soon...especially if she’s unfriendly.”

***

Coupled with the dreary weather, the women’s correctional facility was the least festive environment I could think of. Rhonda sat across from me behind the screen, looking far worse than I’d seen her the last time.
I handed her the small bag of treats. “These are for you. I thought you might enjoy some Christmas cookies.”
Rhonda took the sack perfunctorily and set them down on the counter. “Thank you,” she said in a faint tone.
I waited for her to say something but she sat stoically, staring past me. I still wanted to reach her. “Rhonda, can I do anything for you?”
She turned her gaze slowly and faced me. “You can burn in hell!” 
The look of hatred in her eyes was unmistakable. She blamed me for Ira Sinclair’s death.
I stood and lowered my head. “I’m sorry for your loss. But, Rhonda, I’m also sorry for the men and women who died because of what you and Ira did.”
I couldn’t stay a minute longer. “I’m going to go. I won’t bother you anymore.”
Her stoic gaze returned as the guard escorted her back to her cell. The bag of cookies lay abandoned on the counter.

***

I was depressed, now, thinking I had failed with her, but what more could I do? Rhonda O’Brien had gone over the edge. Better just get Teddy and return home. Presents still needed to be wrapped and a stack of mail waited. Christmas cards poured in from friends and fans this time of year and I always took the time to answer each one personally.
The rain came down in a steady downpour as I arrived to pick up Teddy. I opened my umbrella and held it overhead as I walked quickly to the door.
Cecilia invited me in for a cup of tea.
With no fireplace in their tiny condo, I longed to be sitting by mine. I scanned the room noticing piles of belongings, papers, books, and laundry everywhere — Cecilia had nowhere to store them.
I thought back to when I was first married living in a tiny quadplex. Still, I managed to find a place to put everything but I didn’t work full-time as Cecilia did as a contributing journalist for a newspaper. I simply stayed home and threw dinner parties. More like playing house looking back.
Cecilia returned with the tea tray so I refocused on the present.
“I wasn’t up for baking this year,” she said, “I just picked up something. Hope you don’t mind.”
She set the service on the modern black coffee table then handed me a mug and a slice of chocolate cake. “I put the sugar in for you — three teaspoons.” 
I smiled at her efficiency, beginning to miss her already when her baby would come.
“Actually the store bought-stuff is pretty good,” I said. “Truth be known, I’ve picked up things to serve myself!”
We drank our tea and devoured the delicious cake in just a few forkfuls.
Cecilia groaned.
“Are you okay?” I asked. “Has your labor started?” 
She sighed. “It’s only the baby turning over trying to get comfortable. Takes some getting used to.”
She repositioned herself on the sofa, spreading a throw over her legs.
I nodded. “Before too much longer that baby will be here. You still don’t know if it’s a girl or a boy?”
“No. We wanted to be surprised. Old-fashioned I suppose, but that’s what we decided. The nursery is in yellow and green so the colors will suit either...ooh!” Cecilia moaned a second time.
“Are you sure I shouldn’t call Walter? Where is he anyway? Working?”
“No, he’s out shopping. He didn’t want to be going out at the last minute. We only have Dad and Daisy left. Dad wants some kind of tool. He told Walter what he wanted, and I just said to find a gift that looked like Daisy and buy it.”
“Sure that was a good idea?” I smiled picturing the bustling woman so immersed in her plant care business. “I hope you steered him in the right direction!”
“He’ll probably get her something to do with cooking. I think she asked for a counter top grill. Knowing Walter, he’ll figure out a way to make the gift benefit him. More tea?”
“No thanks. I need to get home to wrap gifts and go through my cards. I’d better be going. Are you sure you’re okay, dear? I can stay longer if you need me.”
“No, I’m fine. I did take Teddy for a walk before the rain started.” She glanced outside the front window. “The weather’s clearing a little. Probably a good time to drive home. Forgive me for not walking you to the door. I’m really tired!”
“When you get a sudden burst of energy and start cleaning the entire house, you’re about to go into labor. Trust me. I’ve heard enough stories about women cleaning things. Of course I wouldn’t know first-hand.”
“I’ll take note, thanks.”
“Merry Christmas, dear. Enjoy Christmas Eve with Daisy and your Dad. Tell them I said, hello.”
“I will — if I make it. Merry Christmas to you and Teddy. Tell your family hello for me, too.”
Cecilia had to travel an hour away to Half Moon Bay where her dad lived. I worried whether or not her labor might start during the trip. Would there be time to get back home for the delivery? I tried to stop the circular thoughts. Why did I have to fret so? Perhaps because I thought of Cecilia as the daughter I never had. Anyway, it was good to visit with her. I always enjoyed tea and cake!
Then, home at last.
Twinkling white Christmas lights outlined the roof of my house. This year I had hired a service to hang them. A cheerful wreath on the door added to the festive scene. Another first was hiring the LaBelle sisters, a pair of professional decorators, to come and decorate the interior. Everything would be perfect!
I finished wrapping all the gifts in red paper and gold silk ribbon and placed them under the tree. Teddy enjoyed playing in the scraps but I had to wrestle them away so he wouldn’t eat them. The dog loves trash!
What a Christmas this was going to be! Eighteen adults, four children, two toddlers, two dogs, and oh, I mustn’t forget — my dear friend, Prentice Duvall would be joining us, too.
I did enjoy being with him. Besides finding him easy on the eyes with slightly graying temples and a small tummy pooch, Prentice treated me like a lady and catered to my every whim. In fact, I learned to be careful what I admired because he would want to buy it for me immediately!
As the owner of the finest art gallery in the area, he was certainly the most interesting man I knew. Prentice was not only a gentleman — he had a dry wit that made me laugh whenever we spent time together.
The subject of marriage had come up on several occasions but the memory of my late husband still lingered. Up until now I hadn’t needed anyone else to fill the void and I remained a widow. The older I grew the more unsavory the term became. Recently I had begun to resent my “widow” status.
A quick supper for me, dinner for Teddy set out with fresh water and a small cup of milk, brought the day to a close. My house cleaners, in preparation for my company, had scrupulously cleaned the house. I had attended to every detail. Tomorrow after church I would take a rest and wait for the family to arrive.
“Time for bed, Teddy.”
He stretched his front paws and yawned. “Napoleon’s coming to see you.”
Teddy pricked up his ears at hearing the name and cocked his head a little to one side.
“You’ll have fun. I promise.”
Teddy sneezed a tiny “achoo” in protest. 
I carried him into my room and placed him on his towel. “Night-night, little one. Tomorrow is going to be full of excitement so I won’t have much time to spend with you.”
He circled around several times then settled down to sleep.
As I got ready for bed, first indulging in a luxurious bubble bath relaxing in the soothing hot water, a picture of Rhonda’s face contorted in hate flashed across my memory. I tried to drive the image away dismissing her forever. It wasn’t easy.
It was time for the hourly news. I turned on the radio hoping for an update on Kenny. No further information — only the report of the crash.
I silently prayed again for Kenny to get the care he needed in Germany and for him to come home as soon as he could.
When finally I had stretched out and gotten comfortable in my cozy bed, sleep came almost immediately.
When I opened my eyes it was the morning of Christmas Eve.







CHEERY CHOCOLATE TEDDY BEAR COOKIES
By Nancy Jill Thames
 Author of the Jillian Bradley mystery series
Ingredients:
1-package chocolate sandwich cookies (Oreos are good) 
1 box teddy bear shaped graham snack crackers
2 tablespoons shortening
1-2/3 cups REESE'S Peanut Butter Chips (1 pkg)
1-cup chocolate chips

Directions
1. Cover tray or cookie sheet with wax paper.
2. Place peanut butter chips, chocolate chips and shortening in medium microwave-safe bowl. Microwave at MEDIUM (50%) 1-1/2 to 2 minutes or until chips are melted and mixture is smooth when stirred. Using fork, dip each cookie into chip mixture; gently tap fork on side of bowl to remove excess chocolate.
3. Place coated cookies on prepared tray; top each cookie with graham snack cracker. Refrigerate, uncovered, until chocolate is set, about 30 minutes. Store in airtight container in cool, dry place. Makes about 48 cookies.


Introducing
NANCY JILL THAMES
Mystery novelist Nancy Jill Thames has published Christian fiction since 2010. The author of seven books in the Jillian Bradley mystery series, she is an award-winning blogger and listed several times on the Author Watch Bestseller’s List. In addition she won first place in her church’s 4th of July celebration for her chocolate cream pie.

When she isn’t plotting her next book, she spends time with her six grandchildren in two states, tags along with her husband on business trips, and plays classical piano for her own personal enjoyment.

She is an active member of the Leander Writers’ Guild, American Christian Fiction Writers, CenTex Chapter-ACFW, and supports the Central Texas SPCA with a portion of her book sales. She resides with her husband in Leander, Texas.

Connect with Nancy Jill: Blog:  http://nancy-jill.blogspot.com/ 
Facebook
Twitter @mystriterdva
http://www.amazon.com/-/e/B003V55RSG
E-mail: jillthames@gmail.com 

Visit our Cozy Mystery Magazine Blog: http://cozymysterymagazine.blogspot.com 



Also by Nancy Jill Thames

Murder in Half Moon Bay, Book 1

Did the woman jump or was she pushed from the balcony? When a shocking murder disrupts the West Coast Garden Club Society's second annual conference, Jillian Bradley and her garden club friends join with Chief Frank Viscuglia to find the killer. Jillian and her friends move through the Ritz-Carlton hotel to private mansions searching for the truth, pausing for afternoon tea along the way, of course. The unlikely team helps the chief uncover a series of mysterious events that lead to solving several murders, both past and present. Could it be the mean spirited conference director? Perhaps it's the wealthy widow on the make for her next husband; or maybe the killer is the haughty businesswoman who shows no regard for her brow-beaten husband. Murder in Half Moon Bay, first book in the Jillian Bradley Mystery series, introduces Jillian's little companion 'Teddy,' a Yorkie who falls prey to danger, but rises to become a sleuth dog in the next book.

The Ghost Orchid Murder, Book 2

It's been eight years since gardening columnist Jillian Bradley helped solve a string of murders in Half Moon Bay. But when a friend and colleague in Scottsdale, Arizona finds a young technical assistant dead on the floor of his private office, Jillian doesn't hesitate to answer his plea for help. After all, a two million dollar research grant depends on it. Together with Detective Jack Noble and Jillian's clue sniffing dog, Teddy, the three set out to track the killer who leaves a porcelain orchid over the wound as the only clue. Even though it means personal sacrifice for Jillian, she is determined to uncover the truth. A faith-based novel.

From the Clutches of Evil, Book 3

Christmas – the busiest time of the year! And on top of everything, Jillian is throwing an engagement party for two dear friends. But on a final errand before the party begins Jillian witnesses a horrific car crash and notices two witnesses leaving the scene of the accident. She and Teddy pull a survivor from the wreckage, and together they attempt to solve the mystery of the amnesia victim, a seventeen year-old boy she and Teddy take under their wing. After one of the witnesses is found brutally murdered, Jillian discovers an ominous connection between the boy and a string of heinous murders in a nearby remote farming community. And when Jillian stumbles across a mysterious compound, she is determined to unlock old family secrets to solve the mystery of the boy’s identity even though taking the risk creates the ultimate test for her and Teddy's survival.

The Mark of Eden, Book 4

After a frantic call from a couple on their honeymoon, Jillian returns to Half Moon Bay to help. Two elderly men are found dead in their recliners and now another man is missing. This time it’s the distraught father of the new bride, Jillian's personal assistant. Their investigation must be incognito since the groom is a detective and can’t work on the case due to conflict of interest. The clues the threesome find lead Jillian and Teddy to take a cruise to Catalina Island, but it’s only an entrée into a strange clinical world, where Jillian almost becomes a victim herself before she identifies who is responsible for a bizarre series of deaths. Will Teddy be in time to save the day?

Pacific Beach, Book 5

The quaint surfing town of Pacific Beach becomes a destination for murder when a young starlet and her mother are brutally murdered at the Pacific Terrace hotel where Jillian’s family reunion is taking place. The reunion takes a terrifying turn when Jillian's nephew is arrested as the prime suspect. Jillian must move quickly to find the real killer and prove her nephew's innocence. There is no shortage of suspects, including an unsavory doctor who attended the popular teen star, and a mysterious guest at the party where the starlet dies. But why is her mother killed in another room on the same night? Working at Jillian's side to find the perpetrator of these bizarre killings are her faithful assistant Cecilia Montoya, and Teddy, Jillian's Yorkie companion who sniffs out his own clue.

Waiting for Santa, Book 6

The family has gathered to celebrate Christmas at Jillian’s house in Clover Hills, but Jillian’s plans for a lovely Christmas Eve are rudely interrupted by a power failure. And a homicide. Not only does Aunt Jillian find herself with a house full of company to entertain in the dark, but she also receives a call from Detective Walter Montoya who finds himself in the dark trying to solve the bizarre murder of a worker found dead in a maintenance shed at the power station. With Teddy at her side, Jillian is determined to solve the mystery.


The Ruby of Siam, Book 7

When Jillian and Teddy travel with her wedding attendants to London, they accidentally find themselves involved in a jewel heist that leaves a man stabbed to death. Can they solve the crimes in the midst of Jillian’s wedding? An old acquaintance from San Diego offers his assistance but will his help be enough to solve the mystery? Perhaps the jewel has a curse.


The Long Trip Home, (2014) Book 8

As Jillian is about to embark on her honeymoon tragedy strikes. Now she must help exonerate Richard Zhou of murder. When Jillian’s health fails she must call upon friends back home to help her solve the case. Even with Teddy at her side will she have the strength to find the real killer? “The Long Trip Home” is an ordeal no one should ever have to face.

Click for your favorite retailer:
Smashwords 


 

Visit our Cozy Mystery Magazine Blog: http://cozymysterymagazine.blogspot.com 


