Chloe Babineaux:
Private Investigator

A Chloe Babineaux Mystery

By Lisa Clancey

~~~
Smashwords Edition


Copyright © 2013 by Lisa Clancey

Smashwords Edition, License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each recipient. If you’re reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then please return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the hard work of this author.


Thanks for making me do this, my sisters, Janet and Ann.
I love being from Louisiana. You can take me out of Louisiana but you can’t take Louisiana out of me.


Table of Contents


Chapter One
Chapter Two
Chapter Three
Chapter Four
Chapter Five
Chapter Six
Chapter Seven
Chapter Eight
Chapter Nine
Chapter Ten
Chapter Eleven
Chapter Twelve
Chapter Thirteen
Chapter Fourteen
Chapter Fifteen
Chapter Sixteen
Chapter Seventeen
Chapter Eighteen
Chapter Nineteen
Chapter Twenty
Chapter Twenty-One
Chapter Twenty-Two
Chapter Twenty-Three
Chapter Twenty-Four
Chapter Twenty-Five
Chapter Twenty-Six
Chapter Twenty-Seven
Chapter Twenty-Eight
Chapter Twenty-Nine
Chapter Thirty
Chapter Thirty-One


Chapter One


”Ahh!” My truck was spinning uncontrollably but finally came to a stop. Deep breath. Breathe, breathe. Okay, I’m breathing. I looked over at my cousin and best friend. Actually I had to look up. My truck came to a stop in a shallow ditch. She was also breathing. Always a good thing.
I’m Chloe Babineaux, a private investigator because I haven’t decided what I wanted to do when I grow up. I’m thirty-two and my parents have given up asking me how long this stalking thing is going to last. My sometime partner and double first cousin is Cheri Babineaux; our mothers are sisters and fathers are brothers. We share an office, mostly because it makes it look like I know what I’m doing if I have an office but really it’s because Cheri needs one. She’s a CPA, and is very good at it. She has clients galore.
“Are you okay? Are you hurt?” I asked her, afraid to move.
“Yeah, I’m fine. You scared the piss out of me but other than that I’m fine.” Cheri sounded pissed so I guess I didn’t scare all the piss out of her.
“I did not do that on purpose. If you noticed, we’re in the middle of a storm. We hydroplaned. Did you notice we’re on the opposite side of the road and facing the wrong direction?” I could act pissed as well; I’m quite good at it.
Cheri turned her head toward me and because of the tilt of the truck if she would have puckered we could have kissed. I love my cousin but she didn’t brush her teeth after eating Mexican for dinner. At that point someone pounded on my side window.
We flinched and yelled, “Ahh!” We looked out the driver’s side window and standing in the pouring rain was a man pointing at the door handle. The headlights from his truck illuminated him and made him look like something from a horror movie. The expression on his face didn’t help the effect. He was crinkling his face and narrowing his eyes trying to see through the waterfall flowing from his cowboy hat.
“Oh hell, now we have to get out and talk to people. You think he’s a serial killer?” I asked.
“That’s my Chloe, always looking on the bright side,” Cheri said a bit too dryly.
I took my seatbelt off and unlocked the door. Cheri had taken off her seatbelt and with her back to the door used her legs to help push the door open. Another truck arrived and parked behind our would-be serial killer. Our WBSK took my hand and helped me out of the truck and then Cheri.
Alexandria is slap dab in the middle of Louisiana, sort of, four hours north of New Orleans and three hours south of Shreveport. Not a lot to do in Alexandria, but getting wet and freezing my butt off in January was not at the top of my to-do list. We weren’t actually in Alexandria; we were in a small town called Deville, thirty minutes northeast of Alexandria. Deville has one traffic light. A real happening town. I’m pretty sure it’s on a map. Maybe. I don’t know, never looked it up.
The other guy was walking toward us. There were only two houses on this road, and the guy walking toward us was the one I was supposed to be stalking. I was hired to find out if he was having an affair with my client’s wife. Great. Now what. I guess I could just ask him if he’s sleeping with what’shername. I’m so cold I couldn’t think of her name. Although, if he is sleeping with her then he should know her name and he could fill in the blank. On the other hand, that’s why I was getting paid the big bucks so I could take photos for proof, so I had to come up with an excuse.
“Are you ladies alright?” our WBSK asked. “Is anybody hurt?” He had so many creases in his face I couldn’t see his eyes through the torrential rain. On a night like that, it was creepy not seeing a person’s eyes.
We didn’t get a chance to answer before the other man, Rick, yeah that was his name asked, “Is anybody hurt?” Rick Thompson is a cop in Pineville, a city between Alexandria and Deville. Why did I remember his name when I couldn’t remember my client’s wife’s name?
“I don’t know, I just got here,” said our WBSK. Okay, maybe he’s not a serial killer. Not in front of Rick anyway.
“We’re not hurt but my truck is. Damn. L.P.S.’s hurt bad,” I answered turning toward my truck. Cheri shook her head sadly and looked at my truck.
We’re both shivering so we huddle up next to each other. I should have remembered my umbrella. But at that point we couldn’t get any wetter. Or colder. Never say never. My goose bumps had goose bumps.
“That’s not an L.P.S., that’s a Ford,” said the first man looking at us like we’re stupid females.
“She’s a 1992 Ford Ranger. I love this truck; I got her when I was in college. L.P.S. is my nickname for her. It stands for little piece of shit. She’s not much but she was mine. Now it looks like she’s gone,” I shook my head. “Damn.”
“I’m sorry about your truck,” Rick said. He had a cap on but it wasn’t keeping his head dry. “But what were you doing on this road?”
Cheri looked at me like, ‘So, answer the man.’
So I did. “We were looking for a friend’s house; I guess we took the wrong road.” I was trying to look innocent and sincere. Easy to do when you’re shivering so hard your voice was shaking.
“Who’s your friend? I can take you there,” Rick said. Was he testing us? Probably. He is a cop even he did have a sincere look on his face.
“Uh…she’s uh…” Cheri stammered.
“Look, she’s so cold she can’t even think straight,” I cut in. “You aren’t taking us anywhere. We’ll walk to that convenient store on 28.” I walked over to my truck door pulled it open reached in and grabbed our purses. I shoved Cheri’s purse to her and we started down the road.
“Wait. You can’t walk to the store on the highway. It’s too far away.” Rick reached out for me and I jerked my arm away.
I stuck my hand in my purse and pulled out my slick little .22. Not a powerful gun but good for short distances but he was only an arm’s reach away. “I said we’ll walk. Stay away from us. Continue on your way,” I said through chattering teeth.
“Whoa. I’m not gonna do anything. I was just gonna suggest that I give you a ride home. If you let me I’ll show you my shield. I’m Rick Thompson, I’m a detective…”
“Look, I don’t care if you are a cop. I’m not jumping in a truck with you.” I dropped my arm down to my side. I wasn’t gonna shoot him; I just wanted him to go away, after all the WBSK was still standing there. They could be partners as far I knew.
“Do you mind putting your weapon away?” Rick asked.
“Yes. I do mind,” I said looking him squarely in the eyes.
“He’s right, Chloe. It is too far away. Call Cody and see if he’ll pick us up. We can wait in the truck.” Cheri looked like she was about to become hypothermic, and I could barely hear her. “I can’t call Brent, he’s out of town this weekend. And don’t ask me to call my parents or sisters. Mama would get all panicky and my sisters would make sure Mama knew.” She shook her head staring at the ground, slowly looked up and asked, “What about your parents?”
“Yeah. Like that’s gonna happen. The same thing would happen with my mother. After all they are sisters. Neither one of them can let the other out do her in dramatics.” I stared at my truck for about thirty minutes or it could have been thirty seconds trying to come up with a reasonable solution. As cold and wet as I was, even a few seconds was too long.
I was jerked from my self deliberating when Rick said, “You could let me take you home and if it makes you feel any safer you can keep your .22 on your lap. With the safety on.” He smiled, shook his head and added, “Just make sure you point it toward the floor and not at me.” He had a really nice smile. No wonder what’shername was having an affair with him.
Cheri looked at me and nodded several times. I looked back at Rick, nodded and said, “Fine. Cheri has absolutely no body fat and she’s freezing to death. She gets hypothermic in the summer in an air conditioned room.”
He gave me another sexy grin and said,”Yeah. Let’s do this for Cheri.”
We walked to his truck. In the dark it looked dark blue but could have been black. No, it’s dark blue, I remembered that’s what my client said Rick drove, a dark blue crew cab Ford F150. He opened the back door for Cheri and she just about flew onto the seat. She could barely move a minute ago. I guess the warm air hit her and lifted her inside. I moved more slowly and sat in the passenger seat; I was trying to look like I didn’t care if he gave us a ride home. Right. I was shaking so hard and was so cold I could barely move my legs. I have no idea how Cheri moved so fast. He walked around the front of the truck and I heard the WBSK tell him to drive careful and to not hit any pot holes unless he wanted to lose his manhood. Rick said something back and they both laughed.
I twisted to look at Cheri and said, “Great. This is all we need. Now if he should spot me stalking him and what’shername he’s sure to recognize me. We couldn’t lie about a name because everyone around here is probably related so he’d know we’re lying.”
“I’m too cold to think straight. What made you pull your gun on him? He’s a cop. You know he’s gonna ask if you have a permit to carry a concealed weapon.” She shook her head and said hard, “That was really stupid.”
“I know but he scared me when he grabbed my arm. Thoughts of serial killers were going through my head at the time.”
I looked at the door when he climbed in and started the truck and switched the heater on full blast. Looked at me, grinned and said, “Now, before you tell me where you live, I have to know. Do you have a permit to carry a concealed weapon?”
“Told you,” came the comment from the back seat.
I took a deep breath let it out slowly letting the warm air from the vents loosen my joints as I tried to come up with an excuse but came up with nothing. So I turned, looked into those beautiful hazel eyes, that nose that was a bit too long and a face that was angular with a goatee on his prominent chin. His hair was dark, a touch too long so that it hung over his ears. I bet it would curl around his ears and neck when it was dry. The photo I had seen of him didn’t show that. His hair was shorter then. Technically, I don’t think he was supposed to be good looking. But damn he was hot.
“Yes. I do have a permit to carry a concealed weapon,” I said, not offering to show it to him. The permit would prove I was a private investigator. No, P.I.’s don’t necessarily need to carry a concealed weapon but since my brother Cody was a detective in the Rapides Parish Sheriff’s Department he helped me get one.
We stared at each other for few minutes, me enjoying the view, him waiting for me to show him my permit.
“Well? You gonna show me?”
“What? The permit?”
“Why? Is there something else you’d rather show me?” He smirked.
“I think I would rather show you those than the permit.” I smiled and he laughed.
“Oh, God,” Cheri groaned.
“What if I just tell you the reason I carry a gun? I’m a gems salesman. I carry expensive gems, so I carry a gun to protect myself.”
“In a truck like that?” He pointed to my truck with his head.
“Hey. Who would believe I had anything of value in a truck like that? And don’t be dissin’ my truck. Don’t be judgin’ me.” Good, Chloe let him know he can’t intimidate you.
“Wouldn’t dream of it. I still need to see that permit,” he said dryly. I guess he was starting to get impatient.
I rolled my eyes, reached inside my purse, took out my wallet and showed him my permit. He took it, read it and looked back at me hard like he was studying my face.
“Your name is Chloe Babineaux? You mentioned Cody. Is he related to you?” he asked with a crooked smile.
“Yes, he’s my brother. Do you know him?” Perfect. Just perfect.
He grinned too broadly and said, “Yeah. I might know him.”
Cheri kicked my seat and I shook my head. What was I going to do? Ask him not to tell Cody about this? Hey, that might work.
“If you know Cody, would you mine not telling him about this? You know, about picking us up and about the gun thing. I mean, I’m gonna tell him about my truck. I have to sense he’ll notice I’m not driving it and everything. Cops seem to notice those things.”
“I won’t tell him about the gun thing. The safety is on right?”
I told him, “Yeah,” as I slipped it back inside my purse. If he knows Cody, then he knows he’s a cop. There was a good chance he wasn’t going to kill us or assault us.
“You need to report this for your insurance and a tow truck,” he said gesturing with his head toward my truck.”
I shook my head, closed my eyes and thought about my insurance premium. “No, tow truck I’ll get Cody to help me with it and I’m reporting it to you.”
Rick cocked his head so he could see through his rearview mirror and said, “You need it official.”
I turned around look out the back window and saw a police car arriving. “When did you call this in? I didn’t see you your phone?”
“Wally called it in,” he said opening his side door to talk to the patrol officer with the lovely red and blue lights flashing.
Cheri leaned forward and said dryly, “Well, now we know the serial killer’s name
I ignored the comment. It didn’t deserve my wry since of humor. I also couldn’t think of one.
We told the officer what happened and then left my poor pitiful truck alone on the side of the dark lonely road to fend for itself.
Rick put the truck into gear and asked, “Where are we going?”
I told him our address because Cheri and I live in the same apartment complex. Her apartment was newer, bigger and all around nicer than mine but it was the same complex.

Chapter Two


We didn’t talk much on the drive to my apartment. Not much meaning none at all. His mood didn’t seem to improve. I wished I knew why. I wondered if what’shername upset him. I mean, it couldn’t be because he was bringing two unknown women all the way back to Alexandria in the rain while having a gun within reach of one of the women.
We let Cheri out near her apartment then drove toward the decrepit end of the apartment complex. Cheri’s end of the apartment complex had trees with moss hanging from them with a nice fountain to look at and to help keep the road noise out. My end looked out on the street and parking lot. I could see the fountain but that was only if I craned my head, otherwise I was looking at the parking lot. It was home and I could afford it.
I felt strange getting out of his truck knowing he knew where Cheri and I lived. I know it would have been nothing for him to look up our address on his cop computer but still it felt strange. So I got out quick, or tried to. My purse got hung up on the seat belt lock and it jerked me back in.
Rick grinned and said, “What’s the matter? Don’t wanna leave?”
I glared and said, “Thanks for the ride.”
“Oh, by the way, tell Cody I said hi.” He was still laughing
“Yeah. No, not gonna happen. Buh-bye.” I got out and slammed the door.
It was still raining so I ran and tried not to slip in the water up to my apartment, which has an outside entrance so the stairs were slippery and the railing was cold. I noticed Rick didn’t leave until I was inside. I’m going to tell myself it was because he wanted to make sure I was safe. I called Cheri to let her know I was home safe and I didn’t have to shoot anybody.
I changed into my warm sweat pants and made hot chocolate and watched TV. Saturday night. Was I having fun yet? Well, I was having as much fun as Cheri was, but at least she had her boy-toy Brent to vent to. He’ll probably want to call me and curse me but Cheri will talk him out of it. It was really her idea to ride home with Rick anyway. Wasn’t it? Yeah, that’s the way I’m going to remember it. I drank my chocolate and brushed my teeth and went to bed.
I woke up by the most annoying sound. My phone was ringing. Dang. What day is it? Sunday. Yeah, it’s Sunday.
I reached for the phone and tried to sound awake. “I’m awake, Cody. But I have a problem.” Every Sunday Cody or his wife Morgan called to make sure I was awake and out of bed so I could get ready for church. Morgan’s a nurse and works every other weekend so they take turns calling me. I love them both. I just really wish they would find a new hobby.
Cody took a deep breath, exhaled and asked, “What’s the problem?”
With no hesitation I answered, “I need a ride to church. I hydroplaned last night and L.P.S. is sitting in a ditch in Deville.” I closed my eyes ready for the outburst. Cody was my twin brother, not my older brother, but he was still a pain in the butt when it came to my safety.
“Were you alone? Did anybody get hurt?” he asked with a calm voice. Either he’s being distracted by his two adorable little boys or he’s getting use to my adventures. “No, don’t pick that up! Put it down! Now!” Okay. He’s being distracted by his four- and six-year-olds. Bless those little boys.
“Cheri was with me and no, we didn’t get hurt. Well, my truck was but we aren’t.” I was calm and ready to defend myself because any minute it was going to hit him that I didn’t call him. It should happen about…
“Why didn’t you call me? I could have sent someone there to get you? Were you on 28? Were there people around? How did you get home? Did you call Dad?” He really didn’t sound calm now. He sounded mad, his voice rising the more questions he asked. He must have taken care of the boys’ problems.
“I don’t remember your first question. I hate it when you ask me fifteen questions all at once. Do you do that when you interrogate suspects to confuse them? No, I didn’t call Daddy. I didn’t want Mama to get all outta joint. We weren’t on 28. I didn’t call you because of that very reason. You would have called someone to pick us up, and then I would’ve had to shoot someone because of all their snide comments We did not hitch hike if that’s what you want to know. I was able to get a ride home, so let’s just leave it at that.” By the time I was through explaining myself, I was yelling. I took several deep breaths and so did he. “Are you gonna pick me up for church or not?”
“Yeah. I’ll pick you up. Can the truck be driven?”
“I don’t know. It was raining’ pretty hard and sort of got stuck in a ditch. She’s kind of tilting.”
“Okay. I’ll call Dad after church and ask if we can borrow his flatbed trailer. We’ll tow it to my house. I’ll take a look at it but since it’s twenty years old it won’t be worth putting too much money into fixing it. You might have to think about getting another car.”
“Truck.”
“Whatever. Where did this happen?”
“On Old Marcus Road, I’ll give you directions later. See you in a while. I have to take a shower.” I hung up and crawled out of bed.
I love driving a truck. I have friends I like to go out with and because I have a truck no one likes to go with me so I rarely have to drive. I’m rarely the designated driver. Not that I’m a drunk, I just don’t have to worry about using my gas.
I stated the coffee and took a shower then dried my hair. By the time I had dried my hair, the coffee I had poured was cool enough for me to drink. I’m Catholic, so even though I should be dressing to the T, I’m just wearing a nice sweater, jeans and boots. Cody will probably be dressed about the same, except for the boots. It’s been like that since we were kid. If he didn’t have to get all dressed up why should I? Unless he brought one of his friends with him to church and I wanted to impress him. But times have changed. I dress the way I want to.
Besides, Morgan won’t be there to make me look bad. Morgan is so hot she could dress in a garbage bag and I could wear a thousand dollar dress and she would still look better than me. She’s multi-racial—African American, Caucasian, and Native American—otherwise known as Redbone. She’s five feet, ten inches and thin with an olive complexion, golden eyes, dark brown hair, perfect nose and mouth. I’m five fee eight inches and on the thin side, but far from skin and bones. Cody and I both have light brown eyes and dark brown hair with just enough curl in it to drive us crazy. Correction, to drive me crazy. He’s a man. He just cuts it short and doesn’t worry about it. I put mine up in a pony tail most of the time. Cody’s six feet three inches and weighs two hundred ten and is muscular with an athletic body. He works out at the department gym to stay in shape. I do nothing to stay in shape. Oh well, it’s a good thing he’s tall and weights over two hundred pounds and I don’t. Life could be worse.
I was just putting on my sandals when I heard a soft knocking coming from the lower part of my door. I knew it was one of my nephews knocking; Cody would have pounded. I opened the door and smiled looking down and asked, “Who’s that knocking on my door?” Looking up at me smiling was Charlie, the six-year-old.
“You’re supposed to ask who it is before opening the door, Aunt Chloe,” Charlie said trying not to smile and look stern.
“You are so right, sweetie. Opening the door without asking was wrong, but since I already opened the door you might as well come in so I can grab my purse.” Cody was holding Mason, who was squirming to get down so I put my arms out to him to give him a big hug and set him on the floor. I really love my nephews. Other people’s kids drive me crazy but I can put up with these. I don’t mind babysitting, probably because I know I don’t have to keep them. I know they’ll be going home with their parents.
“My new partner,” Cody said, “lives in Deville so I called and asked if he knew someone with a winch on his truck we could use in case we have to pull your truck out of the ditch. He said he did and would meet us there about one.”
“Alright. Sounds good.” I wasn’t paying that much attention. Charlie had opened my refrigerator and was pulling out a beer.
I grabbed the beer and said, “Put that back. You know I don’t let you drink those when your Daddy’s around.”
After church we stopped at a Chinese buffet restaurant. The kids ate chicken nuggets, Cody and I ate everything else. That sounded like we ate all the food. We didn’t. It just felt that way. I ate way too much. While we were waiting on the check, Cody called my parents and asked about the flatbed trailer. I could tell my father was not real happy that I didn’t let him know earlier about the accident but he’ll get over it. My mother was going to baby sit her grandsons while we were out, which is good because it would keep her occupied. She would have wanted to go with us and then she would have fretted the whole time. If she knew it was on a lonely road begging for a serial killer to do his or her thing she would have freaked and I would have had to slap her to keep her from going into shock.
We dropped off the kids and hooked up the flatbed trailer to Cody’s Chevy pickup truck.
My mother had already asked me several times if I was hurt but asked again, “Are you sure you aren’t bruised from the seat belt?”
“Maybe a little but it’s no big deal. I’m surprised Aunt Geneva hasn’t called you yet.”
“Cheri was with you? Oh no! Is she hurt?” she asked with concern all over her face.
“No. She isn’t hurt either. We’re both fine.” Great. Cheri’s gonna love me for this. I may have to slap my mother soon; she’s grabbing the front of her shirt and twisting it.
“How’d you get home?” Daddy asked with a concerned look on his face. He was looking from me to my mother. He may have been thinking of asking me to slap her as well.
“That was no problem. We just hooked up with the first man to come along.” I shook my head. “Jeeze Louise, would ya’ll give me some credit? We got home safe.” Always tell the truth to your parents is my motto. Well, as much of the truth as you can safely get away with.
We drove to Deville with me being as quiet as possible in the small back seat, between the two booster seats. It was a tight fit but I wasn’t about to complain. He’d just tell me to ride in the bed of the truck and then I’d have to punch him.
I’m thirty-two years old. I shouldn’t still be afraid of my father’s wrath. Besides, I needed him to help me find a new truck. The man knows everybody. Then again, he has five siblings and Mama has four, and add those together with about forty cousins and I’m sure we can find a truck somewhere.
We pulled up to my truck and it didn’t look quite as bad as I thought it would. L.P.S. was stuck but the wheels didn’t look bent. Cody and my father were looking at it when a red truck pulled up. I was leaning against Cody’s truck feeling sorry for myself when someone leaned against the truck next to me.
A deep voice beside me asked, “Did you tell Cody I said hi?”
“Oh shit,” I said as I jerked my head toward him. “No. Does he know you live on this road?” Cody’s partner was the man I was stalking? Oh, just shoot me now.
“No. Not yet. You know he’ll find out. How did you tell them you got home?”
“I didn’t. I told them I didn’t hitchhike. I let them assume we called a friend. I told Daddy we hooked a ride with the first man that came along. So I kind of told the truth, even if it was your friend we saw first. I’m sarcastic enough for them not to believe half the things I tell them.”
“I would never have guessed you were sarcastic,” he said dryly. Then his expression turned serious. “I’m gonna tell Cody, though. Better for him to find out now than later so he won’t think I was keeping something from him.” It had to be Cody’s partner. It couldn’t be just another would-be serial killer.
Cody turned around and asked, “Why are you hitting on my sister?” He walked over to us with his hand out to shake Rick’s hand adding, “Just because she can’t drive doesn’t mean she has bad taste in men.”
I shook my head, narrowed my eyes and said, “I didn’t drive off the road. I hydroplaned. Did you sleep through the torrential rain storm last night?”
“What were you doing on this road anyway?” Cody asked on a laugh. “Rick Thompson, this is my Dad, David.”
My father put his hand out to shake and said, “Good meeting”
I cut him off, “I was looking for a friend’s house and took the wrong road. It was raining so hard I got turned around. Can ya’ll get my truck out or what?” My voice rose louder as I finished the sentence.
“Yeah. We can get it out but the frame looks bent so you won’t be able to drive it. Rick, can you pull your truck around?” He jerked his head toward me and said, “By the way, did she introduce herself?” He totally ignored my outburst. Good, I wasn’t in the mood to put up with his sarcasm and apearently he could tell.
“Yes, we met, and there’s something you should know.” He looked directly at Cody without glancing first at me. “I took Chloe and Cheri home last night after they ran off the road. I live on this road.”
Cody’s jaw clenched a few times. My father’s jaw clenched a few times. My jaw clenched and I stopped breathing. There was lots of clenching going on.
“What do you mean you brought her home?” Cody asked. He turned to me and said, “I thought you called someone to pick you up.” It wasn’t a question, it was an accusation.
“Oh good God! You were telling me the truth when you said you jumped in the truck with the first man that came along.” My father’s eyes were big and bulged.
“Actually, he wasn’t the first guy to come along. There was another one. Rick was the one to offer and it isn’t as bad as it sounds,” I said trying to think of an excuse. Again nothing. I got nothing.
“What? Two men?” Dad and Cody yelled together.
“If it makes you feel better she yelled at me for offering to drive her home and held her .22 on me the whole time,” Rick said, grinning. “She didn’t put her weapon away even when I told her I was a detective. Although, she did keep the safety on.”
“Oh, no, she held her gun on you the whole time?” my father asked. He was between horrified and proud.
“Yes, she did, and I have to tell you it worked. I stayed on my side of the truck the whole time. Of course, we talked a while before I put the truck in gear. I wasn’t leaving until she showed me her permit to carry,” he said laughing.
Daddy laughed too and said, “That’s my girl.”
Cody shook his head and looked embarrassed. But he did smile at me, then looked at Rick and said, “Sorry about that. Thanks for coming out here even if it was for Annie Oakley.”
I took a deep breath and said, “Look. I wasn’t gonna shoot…well, I would’ve shot…I mean, look at it out here. It looks like serial killer alley! There’s nothing out here!” I stared Rick down and then said, “Do you know how much I hate you?” While Cody and my father were looking around for a serial killer I asked, “Can we get started now?”
My father’s cell phone rang and he talked to whoever was on the other end for a few minutes, disconnected and then said, “I just found you a truck.” He winked and smiled.
Cody and Rick used the truck’s winch to pull L.P.S. out of the ditch. They then pulled the trailer in front of L.P.S., hooked the trailer to the truck and slowly pulled her up onto the flatbed trailer. My poor baby didn’t look like she was hurt much, but even I could see the frame was bent. Rick brought the truck he borrowed back and Cody dropped me off at my parents with L.P.S. He visited with my mother for a while then he left.
My father dropped me off at my apartment and I called Cheri for a ride the next day and to borrow her car to drive to the bank.
“Mama called me about the accident. Did you really have to tell Uncle David we jumped in the truck of the first man that came along? Damn. She kept calling you a smartass. A smartass! Mama never talks like that. She was really PO’d.”
“Oh, it gets better. Listen to this. Cody called his new partner to ask if he knew someone with a winch on his truck because he lives in Deville. Guess who his new partner is?” I didn’t give her a chance to guess. “You guessed it. Rick, the guy that gave us a ride home. You know…”
 “Wait.” Cheri talked over me. “The guy you held the gun on is Cody’s new partner?” She sounded floored.
“Yeah, and he told them he gave us a ride home in front of Daddy. If I had my gun with me right then I would’ve shot him.”
“Why did he tell them? Didn’t you ask him not to?”
We sat in silence for a few minutes then she asked, “Did you tell your dad not to tell my parents about the drive home?”
“No, sorry, but you know as well as I do even if I asked him not to tell anybody, this was just too good not to tell. Daddy’s bound to tell his brother.”
“Yeah. Oh well, see you in the morning.” She paused then added. “On the bright side, this gives them something to talk about other than my pending engagement.”
“Yeah,” I agreed. “See you in the morning.” This is unreal. At least Cheri is still speaking to me. She whines but she loves it.
I hung up then went to my living room to watch TV. I ate so much for lunch I wasn’t hungry for dinner. I went to bed early; I didn’t want Cheri waiting for me to get ready in the morning.
I didn’t sleep well, I kept dreaming about trucks and strange men picking me up on the side of the road. It could have been worse; at least I had clothes on. I hate naked dreams unless we’re all naked. Let’s not go there.
Cheri picked me up at eight forty-five; we officially open at nine, so we were early since it only takes about five minutes to drive from our apartment complex to our office. Someone walked into the office right behind us. I didn’t pay that much attention. Cheri often has clients come early so I walked directly to my desk.
I heard Cheri talking to someone then called to me, “Chloe, you have someone here that wants to talk to you.” She smiled as she walked pass my door and continued on to her office, leaving a middle aged pudgy woman standing by a desk that’s just there to take up space because we don’t have a secretary. Cheri would have to pay her even if we did; she makes more money than I do. The woman had brown hair streaked with gray and a sweet smile. She had on jeans, a knit collared shirt, and jacket and looked nervous.
I stretched my hand out to shake hers, smiled and told her my name, “Hi, I’m Chloe Babineaux, how can I help you?”
She hesitated, and then said softly, “Do you locate missing items?”
“I try my best. Why don’t you come to my office so we can talk in private?” Our office is located in a strip mall, has only two private offices and a bathroom. We are sandwiched between the Mattress Supply Store and a dermatologist; people sometimes come into our office thinking one of the stores has more than one entrance.
I sat behind my desk and the woman sat in a wooden chair across from me. The chair isn’t that comfortable but that’s so clients don’t linger, especially if they aren’t happy with the results of my investigation.
“Now, what needs to be located? And may I ask your name?” I asked smiling friendly. I was hoping not the family jewels that have been missing since the Civil War.
She took a deep breath and dove straight in. “My name is Petunia Andreneaux.” She stopped right there and stared at me.
I smiled again and said, “So what’s missing, Mrs. Andreneaux?” I had noticed a wedding rin
Petunia looked down at her feet then slowly back at me and mumbled, “A painting. A painting is missing. It’s been in the Foyt family, my mother’s family, for two generations. It’s supposed to be worth a lot of money. If some other family member has it, that’s fine. I don’t want it. I just want to know where it’s at. No one claims to know anything about it.”
“Alright.” I wanted to keep direct eye contact so I could keep her focused. “Who do you think had or saw it last.” I had taken out pen and paper to take notes. Did she say two generations? Oh shit.
“My mother.” She took a deep breath and continued. “I know that sounds crazy, but she won’t tell me anything about it. She says it’s for my own good. I was hoping she would tell you, a stranger about it.” She gave me a weak smile.
“I can try. Where does your mother live and what is her name?”
Her eyes widened and she said slowly, “Sister Bonita Foyt LaBord. She lives in a convent, Our Lady of Hope. Mama became a nun when my father died and took a vow of silence. She can talk on Sundays or write down anything she wants said if you go some other day.” She stared at me unblinking for the longest time. “Mama said she didn’t want me to have anything to do with the painting. It’s bad luck.”
“That sounds kind of crazy coming from a nun doesn’t it?” I asked on a laugh.
“Yes, but you don’t know my mother,” she answered with a straight mouth. Clearly she doesn’t know my mother. Cody, on the other hand, says he doesn’t need luck, he has talent. Mama thinks I need all the luck I can get.
I wonder if my mother could take a vow of silence without becoming a nun.
“I’ll look into it, but I may not be able to start until tomorrow. I’m in the process of buying a truck. I ran off the road Saturday night in that bad rain storm.”
“That’s fine, Tuesday’s fine,” she said smiling and eager.
I told her my fees, signed papers and told her not to worry, I’ll find the painting. I can BS as well as anybody. I didn’t ask her if it had to be found within a certain time period. This may take a while.
I walked her to the door then walked back to Cheri’s office to tell her about the painting.
“So, you have a new client. Think you can find the painting?”
“Hope so.” I looked at the floor for awhile then asked if I could borrow her car.
Cheri cringed as she gave me her keys and said, “This is scary. Look what happen to the last car you had.”
“You are so funny. Keep this up and I might call your mother and tell her what you were really doing on our vaca last summer. Except it wasn’t ours it was yours and Brent’s.”
“Okay, okay. Don’t get so hostile. Take the keys,” she said, grinning. She must have been thinking about her vaca with boy-toy.
I smiled and walked out the door. The bank loan application was easier than I thought it would be. I didn’t need a boat load of money and I had semi-good credit so it took only a few minutes to get approval. I called my cousin’s house and talked to his wife about the truck. She told me I could come over anytime. I drove back to the office and Cheri drove me to get my new truck.
Voila! After calling the insurance company I was back in business. That evening I was able to follow what’shername to see if she was having an affair with Rick. At this point I was kind of hoping she was. It would serve him right to have his photo taken with his pants down.
I looked up her name in my notes and saw that her name was Savannah Adamson. Her husband is Greg; I don’t know why I couldn’t remember her name. Savannah worked at the mall and mostly days. She only worked evenings on the weekend. So I parked outside her store and waited. She finally came out at four thirty-five, and I watched her get into her little Mini Cooper. I could run her over with my big-ass truck and never feel it. Compared to my little Ranger this truck felt big.
Of course we hit every light red. Well, a few were yellow but she stopped anyway. Teenage drivers could really learn a lot from this woman. Thankfully, she did stop or I would have had to run the red lights. We ended up at a cosmetology school.
The school was located in a strip mall. I walked in and told the woman in the front I was thinking about taking a class there but wanted to know what time the classes ended. I was told by the red hair frizz that they ended at nine. Perfect. I could come back and follow her around. I wasn’t going there to have my hair colored. Not that I color my hair. These blond highlights are natural.
I waited a while until I knew Savannah wasn’t sneaking out and then went home to look up the address of Our Lady of Hope Convent. The convent was located near Shloe, about forty minutes north of Alexandria. I could easily go there tomorrow and talk to Sister Bonita. Tomorrow was Tuesday, so we’d have to do a lot of hand signs or remember to bring paper to write on. This was doable.
I heated a can of Ravioli for dinner then took off for the cosmetology school. Just in time, what’shername was coming out. I might not remember her name but I know what she looks like, blonde that’s a little too bright and just a touch over weight. She was actually kind of pretty. Rick could do worse.
We drove the speed limit all the way to her house. No playing hide the sausage tonight with D. I waited around a while then went home and went to bed. I was sort of disappointed. Now I would have to go to her place of employment and buy a watch I didn’t need. I love watches so, yeah I wanted it, strike up a conversation with her to find out what her day off was. I was pretty sure she worked in the jewelry department. If not, I would hunt her down like the Ace Detective that I am. Man, I hope she worked in the jewelry department.

Chapter Three


The next morning, I showered, ate cereal, drank my coffee and walked to the parking lot. Crap, where’s my truck? Oh yeah, it’s green. I hate it when I forget what I’m driving. Cheri was already in the office because I was five minutes late.
“Morning, Cheri,” I said as I entered the office, and then closed my mouth quick because she was in with a client. Good, someone had to pay the bills around here. The mall didn’t open till ten so I fiddle farted around making myself look busy by typing up what I did the day before, played solitaire on the computer and then drove to the mall.
There she was, what’shername, and she actually looked busy checking numbers on a sheet a paper and then looking for the jewelry. I walked over to her, eager to buy a watch. Yay, me. I was right about the jewelry department.
“Can I help you?” she asked, smiling and ready to make a sale.
“Yes. I need to buy my sister a watch but I’m in a hurry because today is my only day off. I hate it when I don’t have two days off in a row. It almost doesn’t feel like a day off. Know what I mean?” I asked her making eye contact and nodding my head.
“Yes. I know exactly what you mean. I’m lucky to have two days in a row off this week.” She smiled.
Okay great. You have two days off. So which ones, sweetheart, and are you going to see Rick on those days? This is going to take a little discretion.
“You’re so lucky. If I can’t have the weekend off I like Thursday and Friday,” I said smiling looking through the watches. I like big-faced watches; I can see them at a glance easier.
“Those are nice, but if I can’t have those I like Monday and Tuesday. Unfortunately I have Wednesday and Thursday off,” she said making a face and then adding. “But beggars can’t be choosy. Can they?”
“No, but unfortunately I like to beg. If I’m not careful I’m gonna get myself fired,” I said, laughing. “I like this watch. I’ll get it,” I said handing her the watch.
She laughed and took the watch I had picked out to ring up. It was on sale so it was all good. Now that I knew what days she had off, I planned to park outside her house on those evenings because Rick worked days. With my brother. This was not going to end well.
I walked back to my truck and called Cheri to tell her I was off to the convent.
“Come by here and pick me up. I’ll go with you,” Cheri said.
“I thought you were really busy this time of year.”
“I am, but I can’t pass up watching you talk to a nun with a vow of silence. By the way, leave your gun in the office. I don’t want you to threaten to use it on her.”
“Funny. Ha, ha.” I have only threatened to shoot one nun and that was Sister Angelina, our ninety-year-old Confirmation teacher who kept slapping the palm of my hand with a ruler. “Hitting me wasn’t going to help me remember things any better,” I answered. We went to public schools and went to religion classes on Sunday’s before Mass. I really enjoyed the classes. I didn’t like Sister Angelina. “I swear my children will inherit carpal tunnel syndrome from the amount of times that woman slapped my palm.”
“If I remember correctly and I’m sure I do, you told her waving a ruler around wouldn’t help several times,” Cheri said laughing.
“Yeah, I did. But it really didn’t matter how many times I said it, she still waved that ruler around and I didn’t own a gun at the time.” I laughed, and then imitated Sister Angelina. “Missy, stop holding your hands up like you’re holding a gun. I’ll call your parents and let them take a belt to you.”
Cheri was laughing so hard it took her two tries before she could say, “Then you…then you told her, ‘Uh-uh, you weren’t holding your hand up like you were holding a gun you were telling her she was number one.’ I’m glad you weren’t holding up your middle finger, just your thumb and index. She would’ve probably thrown holy water on you.”
“Good times,” I paused then asked, “Were you and Cody setting me up? Ya’ll didn’t seem to get in trouble as much as I did?”
“No, we didn’t have to set you up. You did that all on your own.” She was still laughing and could hardly breathe. She was making gasping sounds.
“Back to the present, I’ll be there in fifteen minutes and get the surveillance gear ready. I’m getting into that nunnery one way or another.” I disconnected before she could say anything else. You know, something scrutinizing like, ‘What?’

Chapter Four


Cheri was ready when I arrived but sans surveillance gear. I’m not surprised; the woman has no sense of adventure. She’s all, ‘But I’m a CPA. I could lose my license if I look into the private bank accounts of my clients. And yes, super stud has a nice car but we can’t break into his house to see what kind of TV he has, you just have to go out with him first.’
I really didn’t have a whole lot of gear anyway. I bought one of those turbo ear things off an infomercial. The ad said I would be able to hear across a room. I also brought a step ladder because it was easier to carry than an eight-foot ladder, rope and gloves. I thought about going to a costume shop to rent a nun’s habit but I had no idea what kind of habit they wore. I was not in the habit of checking out such things.
We stopped by a deli for lunch and then took off for Shloe. It was slow going to Shloe. A neighborhood was on the highway. I called it that because it was several semi-trucks pulling oversized mobile homes. We were finally able to pass them and we made good time.
The convent was down a dirt road and we eventually found it. I had printed out the directions and also put the address in my GPS, so I only took about thirteen wrong turns. For some odd reason people around here don’t believe in putting up road signs. And the GPS said we were on unknown roads and froze up.
Our Lady of Hope was a massive brick building. Shade trees surrounded it on all sides and it looked more like an evil palace than a convent. The area in back of the convent was surrounded by a tall brick wall. The website had said the convent had been here for almost two hundred years so I guess that had something to do with the creepiness. We parked in the lot and sat looking around. A few work trucks were in the lot but that was all.
The site also said only some of the nuns had taken a vow of silence so I was sure I would be able to talk to someone about Sister Bonita.
Okay, I could jump the back wall, belly crawl to the back door, shimmy my way in and track down Sister Bonita. Or we could walk to the front door. We got out of the truck and walked to the front gate.
I took a deep breath and rang the bell out front. I was almost shaking I was so nervous. Get a grip. They can’t all be like Sister Angelina. Can they? No, I was sure they weren’t. Yeah, keep that happy thought.
The door opened without a squeak. Okay, good sign. Standing there was a young woman who couldn’t have been more than sixteen. How old did you have to be to become a nun? She had to be older than she looked.
I realized she was waiting for me to answer her question but I didn’t hear it. I was so surprised. Why did I think all nuns were old? Surly they had to start out young. Some of them anyway.
“I’m sorry,” I said smiling. “You’re so young. I was expecting my old Confirmation teacher to answer the door. But that’s just silly because she had to be ninety then.” Cheri elbowed me so I added, “I’m sorry. I didn’t mean to…”
“No, don’t be sorry,” she cut me off, smiling. “You didn’t offend me. We have all ages here. I’ve only taken my vows a short time ago. How can I help you?”
“We were hoping to speak to Sister Bonita,” Cheri answered. I guess she thought I was going to ask her if she owned a ruler so she spoke up and asked her question first.
“I’m so sorry, but Sister Bonita has taken a vow of silence and cannot speak to you today. You must come back Sunday.” She smiled and closed the door before we could say anything more.
Cheri and I looked at each other shrugged and walked back to my truck. We drove a short distance away, far enough not to be seen from the convent parking lot.
“Huh,” I said, “she didn’t even tell us her name. How am I going to finesse my way in if she didn’t tell me her name?”
“It shouldn’t be that hard to come up with a nun’s name. Use Sister Angelina, I’m sure there’s an Angelina somewhere in there,” Cheri said twisting off the cap of her bottled water. She then narrowed her eyes at me and asked, “What do you mean finesse your way in? How are you going to get in there? Everything is blocked.”
“I’ll jump the back wall, belly crawl to the back door, shimmy my way in and track down Sister Bonita,” I said with a far way look in my eye, smiled and nodded just to freak Cheri out.
“You’re crazy. You know that, don’t you?”
What are they going to do, rap my knuckles? I’ve been there, have the scars to prove it. Do you have any questions you want me to ask her? Like, what does she wear under her habit or if a nun decides to quit the nunnery does she kick the habit?” I was laughing, Cheri was grinning.
“You’re going to hell,” Cheri said shaking her head but still grinning.
“Maybe, but at least I’ll know what a nunnery looks like from the inside, hidden from the public. I bet there’s dancing and drinking, of course some will have to lip sync because of the vow of silence thing.” Cheri laughed hard.
I carried the step ladder while Cheri carried the rope and gloves. I brought my turbo ear thing because I thought I looked like a spy with it on my ear. It looked like a blue tooth cell phone device but if Sister Bonita decided to whisper instead of using her full voice because she really wanted to get rid of me I thought it might come in handy.
We kept to trees and walked to the back wall of the convent. There were trees all around the wall so we picked one that didn’t look to hard to climb. I placed my step ladder beside the wall near the tree, climbed to the top of the wall and stopped to take a good look around. A vegetable garden was dug near the back wall, but since this was January nothing was growing. An out building was on my side of the wall not too far away from the back door. I heard a noise and ducked back into the tree. A nun was coming out carrying a basket of clothes. Ah, the laundry. Perfect. Maybe I could borrow a habit to get inside. I hung from the wall, then dropped to the ground. Wait. How was I going to get back over?
I took out my phone and called Cheri. “You’re gonna have to drop the step ladder over so I can get over the wall when I’m ready to go. I’ll make a clicking sound like a squirrel when I’m ready.” I can’t whistle but I can click.
“You have got to be kidding me. Really? Click? Why don’t you…oh, I forgot you don’t know how to whistle,” Cheri said sarcastically. “It’ll be easier if you just call.”
“Smartass. Just throw the damn thing over when I need it.”
“I’m the smartass. You didn’t think about how you were gonna get back over the wall, but I’m the smartass.”
I didn’t answer, I just hung up. I didn’t have time to explain how I was the intelligent one because I was going to dress as a nun to get in. Dressing as a nun will be a habit that’ll be easy to break.
I didn’t belly crawl; I put my back to the wall and slowly worked my way to the laundry. I tried the door. YES! The door was unlocked. Inside was a habit, I don’t know why it was there but I didn’t care either. I did smell it first in case it reeked of sweat from all that dancing.
I put it on over my clothes because it was way too big. It must have had fifty buttons down the front and the head gear was confusing. I really need to brush up on my nun lingo if I was ever going to come back. Then again what was I going to say to the rental people, “So, do you know where I can pick up a good used habit so I can break in a nunnery and what do you call the head gear?”
I looked around then walked to the back door, opened it and walked in. Problem: Where was Sister Bonita? Is it segregated? Are all the talking nuns on one floor and the vow of silencers on another? I took a deep breath and started down the hall.
The doors didn’t have signs on them saying what they were used for, and they were closed. Dang. Now what was I going to do? I couldn’t knock on all the doors and say, ‘I was looking for Sister Bonita. Would you happen to know where she is?’
The first floor looked to be more of a working area so I found the stairs and as quietly as I could, started up them. I took four steps when someone started down the stairs. I kept my head down with my hands in my pockets. I realized I didn’t have a rosary hanging from my belt like the other nun but I was hoping they were so used to seeing them she wouldn’t notice.
“Good afternoon, Sister,” she said as we passed.
“Good afternoon,” I answered. My heart had stopped. I was hoping she had taken a vow of silence.
Vow of silence. It wouldn’t do any good to listen outside doors. If she wasn’t talking she wouldn’t answer my knock by telling me to come in. But then again she couldn’t tell me to go away. This might work. I’ll just stick my foot in the door. She’s a nun. She won’t try to break my foot by closing the door on it. Unless she was like Sister Angelina, then she would probably hit me over the head with her bible. Yeah, she did that once too. It really hurt because it was a really big bible.
I arrived at the top of the stairs. I looked around at the doors and my eyes popped. I couldn’t believe it. God really did want me to find this old dancing, drinking, and tobacco smoking nun. Okay, to be fair she probably didn’t smoke. Or drink. Or dance. But I was starting to sweat and really wanted to get this over with.
I walked down the dark hall looking at the names on the outside of the doors. Yes, I said names. I could not believe my luck. Names on the outside of the door, I couldn’t believe it. I was bowled over.
I found it. I found the door. It was the second from the end. I knocked and listened carefully. To what? I have no idea. But hey, was that music and singing in there? She was lip syncing. I wonder if she was dancing. Probably not. It was a religious song, very operatic.
The door opened and an older, about a sixty-year-old version of the one I met on the stairs, flinched. The smile on her face left instantly and she tried to close the door. I stuck my foot out to block it but she kept shoving. What is it with me and nuns that don’t get a long?
I eventually whispered, “Stop. Don’t close the door. Petunia hired me to find the painting. I brought paper to write on, unless you know sign language, but I don’t so that won’t help.”
She stopped shoving long enough for me to push the door open and walk in. I closed the door behind me and leaned against it. I took several deep breaths before saying, “Jeeze Louise. You’re stronger than you look.”
Sister Bonita glared, shook her head, turned her back to me and then walked back to a small table by the window.
I took a good look around and saw she had a good size bible on the table so I stayed where I was. She looked like she was thinking, ‘I have a bible and I know how to use it. Come near me and I’ll bop you on the head.’ The only decoration in the room was a crucifix hanging over the door and another one on the wall by her small bed.
“Sister Bonita,” I said softly, “Petunia just wants to know where the painting is. If another family member has it, that’s fine. She’s okay with that. She just wants to make sure it’s safe.”
Sister Bonita continued to glare and frown at me. Her face didn’t have a lot of wrinkles but if she kept this up she would have plenty.
“Why is this painting so bad you won’t tell her about it? What does it look like?” I asked. “What is it a painting of? I didn’t ask Petunia that. Does she know or does she only know it’s a family heirloom and worth…I don’t know? Is it worth anything?” I paused then shook my head and said, “If I would’ve told her no I wouldn’t look into it because her mother is a nun, someone else would have. I’m a Catholic. I respect you.” I smiled and said, “I’ll respect you a lot more if you don’t hit me over the head with your bible like Sister Angelina my Confirmation teacher did.”
 I finally got a response from her. I slight smile. I smiled bigger and said, “I know what you’re thinking, ‘Having met me you know why I was bopped on the head.’” She chuckled and nodded.
“Can you answer my questions now?” I asked.
She looked me up and down, picked up her habit slightly and shook her head.
“I didn’t steal it. I’m borrowing it. I’ll give it back, I promise. What am I gonna do with a nun’s habit? Especially one that’s way too big. I also don’t have a fancy shmancy rosary like yours hanging from my belt,” I said pointing at her rosary.
Sister Bonita shook her head again but called me over to her with her hand. She started writing on paper the answers to my questions. Halleluiah, now we’re getting somewhere.
1. I don’t want Petunia to find it.
2. The artist was not famous so I don’t know if it’s worth anything.
3. The painting is of an old farm house in Shloe. In fact, the farm is called Old Shloe Farm. I’m not sure the house is still there. If it is, it’s on Old Shloe Farm House Road. Don’t go. The painting isn’t there.
“How do you know it isn’t there?” I asked.
‘I know,’ she wrote. ‘My mother told me nothing is in that house. The house is empty. When everybody left the house, the furniture and everything in it, was either taken by family or sold.’
She got up from the table and walked to the door and opened it. Conversation over. I looked out cautiously, turned back and whispered, “Thank you for talking to me.” I took a step out then stopped, smiled and asked, “What do you wear under that?”
Sister Bonita tightened her lips and shook her head and rolled her eyes.
I winked and walked out. Good, no one was on the stairs, but there was a congregation of nuns on the first floor. Great. Now what? I thought about going back up stairs to sneak out of Sister Bonita’s window but she probably would have broken her vow and yelled for help. There had to be an empty room somewhere upstairs.
I ran quickly up the stairs and started looking for doors left open. They’re nuns; surely they aren’t going to steal from one another. There couldn’t be that many people like me coming here.
I found a door left ajar. The very last room. It wasn’t a bedroom but some kind of closet. It had a window so that’s all I needed. I looked out of the window to get my bearings and almost cried. It opened out onto the roof which was good. The roof led out to the back yard with a tree near it, which was good. Problem: I’m afraid of heights. Well, not so much heights; it’s the hitting the ground part that bothers me. Okay. I had to either go back down stairs and face the music and dancing or climb out the window.
I opened the window and squeezed my huge habit through it. I started to break out in a sweat again. I had calmed down when Sister Bonita answered my questions but now the sweat was running down my sides. I made it onto the roof when a thought hit me. What if someone was looking out the window? I cautiously looked around. The windows didn’t have curtains but I also didn’t have much of a choice. I was hoping they were all down stairs discussing the hoe down. I hiked up my habit and marched off, took two steps and stopped. I couldn’t run that would make more noise than if I walked. Oh crap, oh crap, oh crap. I was in a nunnery I had to watch my language. I made it to a tree. When I heard someone yell something. Please, oh please let that be God calling me.
“Sister! Are you alright? What are you doing out there?” Someone other than God asked.
Oh shit, oh shit. I mean, oh crap, oh crap. “Yes, I’m fine. I thought I saw a wounded squirrel I’ll be right in. Go back in. It’s cold out here,” I said keeping my face turned to the side.
“Do you need help?” she asked.
Yeah, I do. Can you help me over the wall and oh, by the way here’s a habit I borrowed. “No, I’m fine. I see it’s not wounded. Please, go inside I would feel just awful if you came down with a cold because of me.” I’m going to hell.
“No, let me help you inside. Come to my window it’s closer,” she insisted.
Dang, dang double dang. “You know what? I kind of like it out here. I can contemplate way up here with the feeling that I’m in the trees. I feel one with nature,” I said still not turning my head. One with nature my big toe. How am I going to get off this roof without breaking my neck? I’m lying to a nun. I am so going to hell.
“Well, if you’re sure. I’ll let you be,” she said and blessedly closed the window.
I wanted to glance back but knew I wouldn’t be able to see anything because of the brightness outside and dark rooms inside. And I also didn’t want her to see my face. She would have known I wasn’t one of the dance participants.
I stood there counted to one hundred and took hold of the nearest branch and threw my legs over. I made it, but I didn’t take the time to listen for someone yelling at me. I shimmied down the tree, putting my feet on the branches below. Not easy in a nun’s habit; my feet kept getting caught in the hem. I got stuck about eight or nine feet from the bottom. Cheri would have said it was seven or eight feet but I knew it was more like sixteen. I hung on to the branch and dropped down to the ground. It would have been better if I had bent my knees. I twisted my ankle.
I called Cheri and told her I was over the wall and to stay where she was and I would meet her there. I hobbled over to her, still sweating like a pig and saw she was laughing.
“What is so damn funny?” I asked.
Cheri held up her phone and took a picture of me. “I saw you on the roof. Who were you taking to?”
“A nun. I couldn’t leave the way I came in; there was a meeting for the next barn dance going on down stairs.” I leaned on my sore ankle and grimaced.
“Did you hurt your ankle climbing the tree?” she asked and took another picture of me.
“No. I hurt my ankle jumping from the tree,” I answered sharply. “But I still need to get this habit back. I don’t suppose you’d want to put it back for me?” She shook her head. “Look at me. I’m hurt,” I said leaning against the wall massaging my ankle.
“No. You started this, you’re finishing it. Just throw it over. Someone will find it,” she said waving her arm toward the top of the wall.
“No. I can’t do that. If something should happen to it and they have to buy a new one, it would be like I stole it. You know you can’t steal from a church. You steal from a church you’re going to hell.” Like I wouldn’t go to hell for lying to a nun.
We stared at each other for a minute or two. I took a deep breath exhaled loudly and said hard, “Fine. I’ll put it back. But if I hurt my ankle more than it already is because of all the extra pressure I’ll be putting on it, I won’t be happy. And I’m taking it out on you.”
“Okay.” She shrugged one shoulder. “I’ll help you with the ladder.” She’s obviously not afraid of my wrath.
I climbed over the wall the same way I entered, hurting my ankle dropping from the wall and returned the habit to the laundry. This time I called Cheri and told her to drop the ladder over to me. I used it to climb to the top of the wall, lay down on top of the wall and stretched my arm for the curve back of the ladder. I then used it to climb over to the other side.
On the walk back to the truck I told Cheri all about my talk with Sister Bonita.
“So we still don’t know anything do we?” she asked.
“We know what the painting is of and where the old farm house is. We don’t know where the painting is and what nuns wear under their habit.”
Cheri rolled her eyes and I started the truck and headed home.

Chapter Five


It was too late to drive to the farm so we drove back to the office. Cheri did her CPA thing and I called Petunia.
“Mrs. Andreneaux, this is Chloe Babineaux. I was able to talk to your mother today.”
“You talked to her?” she asked, amazed. “Please call me Petunia.”
“Well, maybe talk is the wrong word. I talked, she wrote. I found out the painting is of the Old Shloe Farm House. I had forgotten yesterday to ask you if you knew. Did you know?”
“Well, I knew it was of an old farm house but I didn’t know where the house was,” she answered. “Did she say if it was still there? My mother would never talk about it when I was a child.” She paused and before I could say anything she continued, “I know that sounded odd but she really wouldn’t talk to me about it.”
“That’s okay, she told me she wasn’t sure if the house is still there but, there’s nothing in the old house if it is. I’ll need to come to your house tomorrow to get addresses of your relatives so I can ask them about it. They might talk to me a stranger rather than you a relative.”
“That’s fine. I live in Alexandria but some of my relatives live in Gardener. Do you mind going there to talk to them?”
“No, of course not, I’ll be at your house tomorrow morning around nine thirty. Is that okay with you?”
“Yes. I’ll see you tomorrow.” She sounded pleased, like I actually got something accomplished besides a sore ankle.
I went home and took a shower. I felt dirty after all that climbing, sweating and wearing someone else’s clothes. By the time I was through drying my hair, it was time to follow what’shername again.
Cody called me and asked how I liked my new truck.
“It’s great,” I said. “I have to get used to driving a bigger truck, but other than that it’s all good.”
“I’m glad. Why don’t you come over and show it to me?” he asked.
“I can’t, I have to work. I’ll let you see it when I can but it might not be until Sunday.”
“Okay. Be careful.” We disconnected. I didn’t tell him about my day. He would have flipped. Breaking and entering a nunnery can’t be legal.
What’shername and I went straight to the cosmetology school. I stayed for about thirty minutes to make sure she didn’t sneak out, and then went home. Popped a frozen dinner in the microwave and watched TV, until eight thirty then I went back to the school. She went straight home. I stayed there for about an hour after all the lights went off. I then took a ride to Rick’s house. His truck was there and all his lights were off. It’s very dark in serial killer land so I couldn’t get a real good look at the house. I could tell it had a porch and had white vinyl siding but that was about all I could see. I went home turned off all my lights and went to bed.

####

I awoke without my alarm and lay there wondering what day it was. Wednesday, yeah that’s it. I have to go to Petunia’s house today and ask her relatives some nosy questions. Something other than that was happening today. Oh yeah, it’s what’shername’s day off. I’ll have to spend some time watching her too.
I climbed out of bed, made coffee, and got dressed in my usual jeans and sweater and jacket. I wore my cowboy boots; I wanted to feel tough.
Cheri wasn’t at the office. Huh, what’s up with that? I looked at my new watch and saw I was early. I didn’t take a shower that morning so I was able to leave early. It felt so wrong to be first in the office. So I made coffee, typed up yesterday’s work and propped my feet up waiting for her. Maybe she’ll bring me breakfast. She has never before but there’s always the first time.
She walked in my office, looking at me surprised. “You’re early. What happened? Did you sleep with someone last night and sneak out early so you wouldn’t have to talk to him?”
I narrowed my eyes at her, crossed my arms and asked, “Does it look like I slept with someone last night? Is it so strange for me to come in early? I take my job seriously, you know.”
“Yeah, I can tell by the way your feet are propped up on your desk and watching TV,” she said sarcastically, walking to her office.
“Ha!” I answered. “I’ll have you know…forget it. It’s not worth it. You know me too well. And my ankle is still sore. I think it’s swollen,” I called after her.
I limped to her office, set a cup of coffee on her desk, and asked, “Did you tell Brent about yesterday?”
“Yes. He laughed so hard I thought he was gonna bust a gut, “she said laughing.
I stared at her a couple minutes, and then asked, “What would you do without me entertaining you?”
“I don’t know,” she said, still grinning. “That’s why you have to stay in this office.” Cheri pays the rent. The least I could do is entertain her.
I drove to Petunia’s house and looked around at the surrounding houses. Her house was like the others: ranch style brick with a carport and not a garage. In the south you don’t have to worry about your house being snowed in. A large Magnolia took up most of the front yard. I knocked and waited.
Petunia answered with a big smile and dressed a lot like me—jeans sweater but in tennis shoes. “Come in, sit down and I’ll get you those addresses. I worked on them last night and this morning. I hope you can read my writing.”
“I’m sure that won’t be a problem,” I said as she walked off toward the kitchen. The furniture was a little worn but nice. The couch was a light brown cloth with a matching recliner. The TV in the corner was a flat screen but wasn’t so big it was offensive. I wonder if she picked it out or her husband. My parents don’t have a huge TV either but that’s because my father’s so tight he squeaks when he walks.
“Would you like some coffee?” She called from the kitchen.
“No thank you, I’ve had plenty this morning,” I answered. I drank so much coffee my eye was starting to twitch.
She came walking back with the list of names. Dang, she had as many relatives as I had. This may take a while. Why couldn’t she be the only child of parents that were only children? If that was the case she would know where the painting was and I wouldn’t be getting paid.
“Are there any on this list I should be worried about? You know, any that really don’t like strangers asking questions. I like to get to those last, I’ll work my up to them,” I said, looking at her with a blank face. I paused then asked, “Unless you think those are the ones I need to interview first. Do you think any of those know something about the painting?”
She hesitated a bit too long, so I added, “I come from a very large family also. Not every one of them is a saint.”
She shrugged and said slowly, “You might want to start at the bottom of the list and go up.” Her eyes grew large. “Do you own a gun? That might help.”
I smiled and said, barely opening my mouth, “I have a permit to carry but let’s hope it doesn’t come to that.” A gun? Did she ask me if I had a gun? What kind of relatives did she have?
I thanked her for the list then limped out to my truck. I wonder if I should go see Cody and ask him if he knows anyone on this list. It looked like all the ones I had to worry about were in Gardener. He couldn’t really help me, it’s not out of his jurisdiction but he doesn’t go to Gardener much. I called him anyway.
“Hey Code-man, are you in your office right now?”
“No. Why? What do you need?”
“I was hired to find a painting and I have a list of names I want you to look at, but it doesn’t matter they’re mostly in Gardener. You probably wouldn’t know them anyway,” I said. Putting him off like that is the best way to get something done.
“Swing by here this afternoon and I’ll take a look at it.” Bingo. If I would have just asked him to look at the names he would have told me he was way too busy.
I went to the bottom of the list but started with ones in Alexandria. I’ll go to Gardener, tomorrow. Alexandria isn’t a big city, but it’s spread out and is rural in places. I drove to Bayou Bluff Road and found my first address.
The house was a small, nice looking, white, wooden siding house with a swing in the backyard. How bad can these people be?
I knocked on the door and a dog the size of a bear came running around the house, snarling and growling. I froze. I couldn’t breathe. I couldn’t move. Suddenly a child, much smaller than the dog, came around the house and asked, “Who you and what you want?”
What a lovely little boy. He saved me from getting eaten by a bear.
“Tell me,” he ordered. “Or I’m gonna let Sweet Pea eat you.”
“Sweet Pea? That beast’s name is Sweet Pea?”
“Yeah.”
This kid had no manners and he was going to let his beast eat me. “Where are your parents? I need to ask them a question,” I said smiling without taking my eyes off the beast.
“Cain’t, Daddy’s asleep. If you wake him up, he’ll be mad. He works nights.”
“Okay. Where’s your mother?”
“She’s at work.” The boy didn’t blink. He might have, but I was afraid to take my eyes off Sweet Pea.
A baby started crying from inside. “Look what you did. You made my baby sister wake up. Now Daddy’s gonna be mad you woke ‘em up,” said the smart-mouth, ill-mannered, life-saving kid.
“Okay, now that he’s awake why don’t I ask him a question? Can you go in there and tell him I’m out here?” I asked, trying my best to smile. I don’t think it was working.
“No, I don’t think I will. You’ll just have to leave. We ain’t paying,” he said unblinking and blank faced.
“Oh please! I’m not a bill collector. I just need to talk to him.” I wasn’t begging, I was getting pissed off. He had to be all of five years old but acted like he was at least twelve.
All he did was stare at me; I turned and knocked on the door. I don’t know why I didn’t do that in the first place.
The door was answered by a man that looked young, maybe twenty-five, five fee three inches and a stunning hundred ten pounds, holding a shot gun. My heart stopped. Okay it started beating again but about beat out of my chest.
“Whoa,” I said holding my hands up. “I’m just here to ask you a question, I’m not a bill collector, I promise. I’m Chloe Babineaux. Are you Tommy Jackson?”
“Yeah. What you want?” I know where junior got his manners from. I hope he doesn’t help him with his English homework.
“Can you put down the gun or at least point it down?” I asked still holding up my hands.
“No.”
“Okay. I’m a private investigator; I was hired to locate a missing painting. Do know anything about a painting that has been in the Foyt family?” I still had my hands up, I tried to bring them down but he waved the gun up. I speak gun language.
“No.” Clearly, he didn’t believe in using all the words he knew in one sentence.
“Have you ever heard of the painting?” I tried.
“Yeah, but I don’t know where it’s at.” Alright! He used more than one word in a sentence.
“Okay, thank you for your time. If you think of anything, will you give me a call?” I said, handing him one of my cards. He finally let me put my hands down and luckily I had put cards in my pocket before getting out of the truck.
I didn’t make eye contact with Sweet Pea, otherwise known as Satin, or Satin’s owner, the manner-challenged kid, and limped very fast to my truck.
I shut the door, locked it and took several deep breaths. I crossed off his name and shook my head. Unbelievable. This was not going to be fun. This job wasn’t usually this life threatening. I mean, cheating spouses can get crazy, but that I can handle. Something told me it was only going to go downhill from here.
The next one on the list wasn’t that far away, in fact right next door. Great. It’s probably his brother. I took my .22 out of my purse and switched pockets with my cards. If in a hurry I needed to grab my gun not throw cards.
This house didn’t look quite so well kept. I limped confidently to the door; if someone was looking out I didn’t want to look like someone they could take advantage of. I like to keep happy thoughts while risking my life.
I knocked loudly because there was loud music playing inside. The door was opened by a man a little older than Tommy and a little taller.
“Yeah?”
“Hi, I’m Chloe Babineaux, a private investigator…”
“I don’t want nothin’.” He cut in and started to close the door.
“I’m not selling anything. Are you Tim Jackson?” I said sharply.
“Yeah.”
“I was hired to locate a missing painting. It’s been in the Foyt family for years, if you have it that’s fine, you can keep it. Do you know anything about a Foyt family painting?” I was talking fast; I wanted to tell him why I was there before he could shut the door.
“Yeah. I know there’s supposed to be a picture that’s worth a lot of money but I don’t know where it’s at.” A better conversationalist and he didn’t hold a gun on me. This was better, even if he didn’t know anything about the painting.
“Thank you; if you think of anything can you give me a call?” I handed him my card and limped back to my truck. Not bad; two down in less than twenty minutes. I can do this.
The next one on the list was located a mile away. I found my way to the address via GPS and sat looking at the house. It was located in a neat neighborhood with cars that weren’t brand new but were kept looking nice. I was feeling a little better but I didn’t know why. There could easily be a gun-toting, crazed dog owner, toothless maniac behind these doors. Chances were the people who lived here were perfectly nice. The mansions protected by alarms and with crazed dogs were people I had to worry about.
I took a deep breath. I noticed I did that every time I exited my truck, but it seemed to help. I limped to the door, rang the bell, waited and listened. The only thing I heard was the TV but then it was turned down just before the door opened. In the door way was an average height, average weight woman with big blond hair. She must originally be from Texas.
 I smiled and gave her my spill about being a private investigator.
She straightened her mouth and rolled her eyes and said, “I know who hired you. My cousin Petunia,” she shook her head and said. “I don’t have any idea where that cotton pickin’ paintin’ is. I wish I did, ‘cause then I’d shove it in her face and say I have it so stop botherin’ everybody.” Well, gee, I wish she would tell me how she really feels.
“Well, if you think of anything here’s…”
She cut me off and grabbed my card and asked, “Why does she want it so bad? Nobody really knows.”
“She just wants to know if it’s safe that’s all,” I said with a slight smile. I was hoping she didn’t have a12 gauge shot gun hidden in that hair.
“I don’t know where it ‘tis,” she said, shutting the door.
I looked at the closed door and said thanks anyway and limped to my truck. I looked at the list and then at my watch. Eleven thirty was close enough to lunch time and my ankle was starting to throb.

####

I drove to my grandfather’s senior community home to eat lunch with him. If I was lucky, his sister, Aunt Mavis, would be eating lunch with us. Aunt Mavis lived there but she was a social butterfly, she might have plans to eat with someone else but I was hoping not because she knew everyone.
I parked and walked to Pops apartment. He was just leaving to walk to the meeting room for lunch. All the apartments had small kitchenettes but once a week lunch was delivered for the seniors. I had to pay for mine but the food was usually good and affordable.
“Chloe, I’m glad you made it. I didn’t know if you were coming today,” he said with a smile and gave me a big hug. Pops was a little shorter than me, with snow white hair but with great posture. He was a little over weight and had a great contagious smile.
“Of course I made it. I would have called if I couldn’t have or I would have said I tried to call but my cell phone died,” I shrugged and grinned. “I would have made an excuse even if you didn’t believe me.”
He laughed and asked, “How’s the truck? Heard you had a mishap.”
I made a face and said, “Yeah, I just happen to miss the road.”
We walked the short distance for lunch and sat down with our salad, shepherd’s pie, pecan pie and iced tea. I never pass dessert if it comes with the meal. Aunt Mavis sat with us and I gave her a hug. Aunt Mavis’ hair was white and on the pink side but styled with a nice curl. She was about five feet five inches and on the thin side. She once told me she liked to stand next to heavy women so she would look like she had a nice body.
“Chloe, look at the man over there,” she said and pointed with her chin. “What do you think of him? Does he look like he takes that little blue pill?” A man at the next table was smiling at Aunt Mavis and trying to look sexy. Kind of creepy for an eighty-year-old man.
“Mavis, do you always have to talk about that?” Pops asked. He looked up at her and shook his head. “My granddaughter does not have to put up with that conversation every time she eats with us. You’re gonna run her off.”
“Oh, pooh. It’s not like she’s a virgin at her age.” She looked me dead in the eye.
Please don’t ask. Please don’t ask.
“Are you a virgin?” Yeah she asked.
“Mavis!” Pops said sharply, eyes bulging.
“Can we please talk about something else? I’ll even talk about your sex life,” I said rolling my eyes. “And I can’t tell what color pills he’s taking.”
“Okay, he’s cute,” she said winking at the man, “I guess I’ll just have to risk it then.”
“Jesus, help us,” Pops mumbled.
“By the way, do ya’ll know anything about a missing painting that was in the Foyt family?” I asked glancing from one to the other. “It could be of a farm in Shloe.”
They both looked at me blank-faced and shook their head. “I know some Foyts but nothing about a painting. Do you Mavis?”
“No, nothing.” I don’t know how much she was paying attention; she was leering at the man that was possibly taking little blue pills.
Chapter Six


I ate lunch, hugged them both, and then drove to the Rapides Parish Sheriff’s Department. It was built right outside the Alexandria city limits about eight years ago so it didn’t have the run-down feeling yet. I showed my ID at the deputy at the front, limped upstairs to the detective’s unit and went directly to Cody’s desk.
“Hey, little brother.” I smiled and pulled a chair over to his desk. There was always an empty chair somewhere. The people that had to come for that, ‘When you get the chance come for a chat,’ had to sit somewhere.
“Why are you limping?” Cody asked.
“I jumped from a tree,” I said with a straight face.
“Do I want to know?”
“No,” I said shaking my head.
Rick was leaning against Cody’s desk with his arms crossed, grinning. “Don’t ask her about the tree thing. Sometimes it’s best not to know,” Cody said glancing up at Rick. His grinned broadened; he really wanted to ask about the tree thing.
 “Anyway, we’re twins and she was born first. When we were kids it used to bother me when she called me little brother. We turned ten, I grew taller and it stopped bothering me.”
I shrugged and said, “Yeah, hard to believe at one time I was taller. But he was still prettier.” I grinned.
“I still am.” He grinned back.
“Not where I’m standing,” Rick said, eying me from top to bottom and smiling a sexy crooked grin. I wanted to squirm. He just checked me out.
“Whoa. You know she’s his sister right?” A deep bass voice said from behind me. I turned and looked up into a smiling, Lt. Anders’. His face was very tanned because he liked to be outdoors, jogging, golfing, tennis, or fishing; as long as he was outdoors he was happy. His hair was turning gray but it suited him and made him look authoritative. Yeah, like he really needed that to make him look authoritative. The man was average height and weight but his attitude spoke volumes.
I didn’t know what to think. Did he just say I was pretty? Okay, he said prettier than Cody. No big deal.
Cody looked at Rick, narrowed his eyes and said, “She’s the one that held her .22 on you. You do remember that, right?”
“What? What is this about a .22?” Lt. Anders asked wide-eyed.
“Long story, Lieutenant,” I said, narrowing my eyes at Cody and talking through clenched teeth. “He’ll have to tell you later.”
He pulled up a chair from another desk and said, “No, this is too good not to hear now. Why did our sweet Chloe hold her.22 on you? And why didn’t you tell me about this before?” The grin on his face was huge; I thought I was going to be blinded by all those white teeth.
Cody started laughing and said, “Sweet Chloe ran off the road near Rick’s house and when he offered her a ride home she pulled her .22 on him.”
Lt. Anders looked at me with narrowed eyes and asked, “Why were you near his house? He lives out in the middle of nowhere.”
“That’s what I want to know,” Rick said with a crooked smile.
I glared at all three of them and said, “I told you. Cheri and I were looking for a friend’s house and took the wrong road. And in my defense, it was dark, raining hard and so cold my brain froze up. He lives on serial killer alley. He could have been a serial killer for all we knew. We also didn’t know he was Jackass’ new partner.” By the time I had finished my sentence I was almost yelling and swinging my arms around.
All three were laughing hard now. I not only entertain Cheri, I entertain all the people in my life. I either need new friends or a new line of work. Oh, hell finding new friends and a new line of work took too much effort. Besides, that would mean I would have to grow up and figure out what I wanted to do.
“I don’t know whether I should be shocked or proud of you?”  Lt. Anders said, breathing hard trying to regain his composure.
“Forget it,” I said as I stood up looking hard at Cody. “I only came by for you to take a look at this list. I wanted you to tell me if you recognized any of them.” I shook my head and added, “I’m leaving.”
“Wait, don’t go yet. Let me look at it again,” Cody said taking the list from my hand while still giggling.
“Have you eaten yet?” Rick asked also grinning.
“Yes, I ate with my grandfather and my aunt. And you could’ve told them I had the gun on safety and pointing at the floor, not at you. You could’ve also told me you were Cody’s partner,” I said, glaring at him with hard, narrowed eyes.
“Yes, I should have. I’m sorry, but in my defense, I didn’t know you were Cody’s sister. You were some woman holding me at gun point,” he said smiling a little less broadly.
“You ate with Pops and Aunt Mavis? Did she ask you to ask a man what he thought of her?” Cody asked cutting in and changing the subject. “She’s seventy-five and has a very active uh…life,” he explained to the other two. Saying sex and Aunt Mavis in the same sentence takes a lot of stamina. She’s still pretty and has a nice shape, but she’s our father’s aunt, for crissakes.
“No. But she did ask me if I could tell if a man that was leering at her was taking a little blue pill,” I answered, pulling my eyes away from Rick. I don’t even know him and he’s already aggravating me.
“Oh, God,” Cody said shaking his head and laughing. “What did Pops say to that?”
“He told her to stop talking about sex in front of me. I thought he was going to have a conniption when she asked me if I was a virgin,” I said rolling my eyes. “I told her I would rather talk about her sex life. I mean, the woman has more…let’s not go there.” I shook my head and rolled my eyes.
Cody also rolled his eyes and handed the list back. “No one pops out at me, but if you need help Rick might help you if you hold a gun on him,” he said laughing again.
Rick laughed and said, “You won’t even have to hold a gun on me.”

“No thanks,” I said with a cocked head and straight lips, “I got this. I’m going to pawn shops. A crazed dog and a shot gun-totin’ idiot is enough for one day. Besides I have another job I have to finish.”
“Shot gun-totin’…come back here!” All three laughing hyenas were yelling at me to come back but I kept my back turned and waved good bye. I bet they’re glad I have my .22 now.

Chapter Seven


I drove to a pawn shop that had a good reputation called Dollar Jim’s. Dollar Jim was about five feet ten inches and weighed four hundred pounds but was generally in a good mood most times. The shop was filled with guitars, school band instruments, jewelry, (cheap and expensive), and every other useless thing people pawn for money. It seemed to be a good day, Jim was smiling.
“Hey, Chloe, how’s it hanging?” He asked that every time I came in. I have never heard him ask other women that.
“Why do you ask me that? Why don’t you ask other women how’s it hanging?” I asked rolling my eyes.
“Because you expect it from me,” he said, laughing.
I shook my head and stuck a straight-mouth expression on my face. “Anyway, I came in here for a reason and not for the stimulating conversation. Do you know anything about a Foyt family painting? I’m told it’s of a farm in Shloe.” I looked around the shop looking for paintings. “Do you have any paintings?”
“Not of a farm that’s not a copy,” he said while looking off in the distance thinking. “Come to think of it, somebody came in here asking the same thing. Is it worth anything?”
“If I said yes, would you suddenly have heard of it?” I asked with a cocky expression on my face.
“Chloe, I’m hurt,” he said with his hand on his heart. “How can you think such a thing? I am a legitimate businessman.”
“And yet, I’m still asking if you know anything about the painting. Could it be hidden behind all those electric guitars? How about those drum sets? How many guitar and drum sets do you have? Oh, my bad, some of them are PS2 or 3 drums and guitars,” I said squinting at the corner of the room.
“Yeah, I can’t get rid of those things. You want one?”
“No, I don’t own a game station. Cody does, I’ll ask him if he wants one. Speaking of Cody, you know you can talk to me. I don’t tell him where I get my 4-1-1.” I tried sounding encouraging.
“I would tell you Chloe, my love, but I really don’t know anything about a painting.” He leaned toward me and asked, leering, “When are you going out with me?”
“I’m not. You’re married, although your wife would probably thank me. Then again she would probably hug me and I would suffocate,” I said grinning. His wife, Danielle, was as overweight as he was with the personality to match. They had been married forever and I think he was a little bit scared of her. Jim loved it that way. He doesn’t like timid women.
 “I love you, Chloe,” he said with a laugh. “You’re the only woman I know that talks to me that way. All the other women take me too serious.”
“I know you’re kidding because no one would have you except Courtney. If I thought you were serious I would never come here without a bodyguard.” We both laughed. I told him thanks gave him a big hug and walked out.
I was thinking about a guard guarding my body while walking to my truck. Something tells me it’s not half as sexy as it is in movies. I wonder if Sister Angelina is available. Wait a minute, eighteen years ago and she was ninety so she’d be…108 now. Yeah. Maybe not Sister Angelina, although I bet she can still wield a mean ruler.
I sat in my truck and dug up my phone, surfed for Petunia’s number and called her.“Hi Petunia, I have a question for you. Did you try any of the pawn shops in the area?” I asked crossing my fingers. Please say yes.
“Yes, I did,” she said. “I tried all the pawn shops in Alexandria, Shloe, and Gardener, well all those in the surrounding area. Was that alright?”
Alright? Did she ask if that was alright? “Yes. That’s great. It saves me some time. If you have already gone to them, I don’t have to go back.” Now I know who Dollar Jim had spoken to. I believed him. Jim and I went to school together, so when something came in he knew wasn’t kosher, he called me and I called Cody. I would tell Cody I had a tip. He knew where the tip came from. But as long as stolen goods were being turned in, why fight it?
I drove to what’shername’s house to see if she was still at home. I saw Rick at work so I knew they weren’t together. Her car was in the driveway. Her neighborhood had only one way in and one way out, with a convenience store at the beginning of the neighborhood. I’ll come back later and wait at the convenience store.
I had four hours to wait until she left for her class. I went back to my office to look busy. I always have a book in my purse for this exact purpose. Unfortunately, I had time to think. I might as well go to Gardener tomorrow. Petunia suggested I start from the bottom of the list and the bottom of the list ended in Gardener.
I read the same paragraph of my book three times. I couldn’t concentrate. I was thinking about Rick asking me if I had eaten and then volunteering to help me search for the painting. Did he really think I was pretty? No, he said I was prettier than Cody. Cody’s a man. He may be good looking, but he was far from pretty. One of us should be insulted.
My friends would drool over him when we were growing up. He would drool over them. It was very sloppy around my house when those hormones were coming into focus.
I had to stop this. Rick was my brother’s partner. I tried reading again. Great. This book had a lot of sex in it. Not what I need right now.
I watched TV and refiled my files and then drove back to what’shername’s house to wait for her to leave in her Mini Cooper. I pulled in behind her and followed her to school. I didn’t worry about her spotting me; it was dark outside so she wouldn’t be able to see inside my truck.
I took lots of photos of her walking inside. I then went home and microwaved my ravioli. I really didn’t want to follow the mighty Mini Cooper back to her house. I really didn’t think she was having an affair; she just didn’t tell her husband about her night classes. But then again she might be taking classes because she was thinking of leaving her husband. I’m a professional; I went back with my camera and took photos of her walking out of school.
I needed to talk to her about taking cosmetology classes. I hadn’t thought of an excuse to be there but I’d come up with something.
I walked looking inside the building like I was searching for someone and bumped into her.
“Hey, remember me?” She looked at me trying her best to come up with a name. Yeah, good luck with that. “I bought a watch from you the other morning.” I held up my arm so she could see the watch.
“Oh yes, I remember.” She either remembered me or was a good actress. “Weren’t you buying it for someone else?” She did remember, go figure. Oh, crap, now what?
“Yeah, I was buying it for my mother but decided to keep it for myself,” I said on a laugh. My eyes widened. Dang, it was for my sister. Oh well, it was for a relative.
She looked at her watch then back at me, like she was asking me, ‘what are you doing here this late at night?’
“I’m here meeting a friend. How cool is this? Do you like taking classes here?” I said while looking around as if I was actually looking for someone.
“Yes, I do. I’m almost through with the class. I’ll be graduating soon.” She gave me a big conspiratorial smile. “It’s a surprise for my husband. He’ll be so proud of me. I’ll be able to make more money doing this and he won’t have to work so hard. He’s a dump truck driver; with me working in a hair salon he won’t have to work Saturdays.” She pronounced Saturdays, ‘Saturdees’, waved and walked to her car.
That is just so sweet. True, she should have told him but her heart was in the right place. She’ll have to work on Saturdays, but she should be making more money than she does working at the mall. I know she meant her husband wouldn’t have to work six days a week. I hope he appreciated what she was doing for him.
Done. I would tell her husband she isn’t cheating on him. If he insisted on seeing the photos I would show him. He would have to act surprise. Now I couldn’t remember his name. No worries, I have it written down in my office. I’ll type up the report and then I’ll call him.

####

I arrived at the office around nine, give or take a few minutes, the next day. Okay take, I’m rarely early. I typed up my report, printed out the photos and called Greg Adamson. I had looked up his wife’s name so when I called him I could say it. I learned from experience clients don’t like it when you say what’s her or his name; they think you don’t care. I do care; I just can’t remember names that well. Right.
Greg said he could get the report tonight unless I wanted to meet him on Pointer Drive. It so happened that was on my way to Gardener, so I met him. He was wearing work boots with worn jeans and a flannel shirt— real working man’s clothes. He wasn’t bad looking. I couldn’t see his hair underneath his cap, matter of fact I had no idea what his hair looked like. I had never seen it. He was a little over weight, just like Savannah. They made a cute couple, and I was glad she wasn’t cheating on him.
“Hello, Mr. Adamson, I have your report.” I smiled and handed it to him. He took it with wide eyes as if afraid to look at it.
“Don’t worry, it’s all good,” I said smiling broader. “She’s not cheating. She really loves you. She even told me you work too hard.”
“You talked to her?” he asked, surprised.
“Yes, but again, don’t worry. She doesn’t know who I am.” I paused, and then added, “I can tell you where she goes at night, even show you the pictures but it’s a surprise for you.”
“It’s a surprise?” he asked holding the report tight in his hand.
“Yes. Look, why don’t you ask her again where she goes at night. If she says she can’t tell you right then, tell her fine. When she’s ready, you’ll be ready to listen. Then be ready to listen.” I smiled touched his arm and said, “She loves you.”
He stood there looking at me stunned, not knowing what to do with the report. “If you want to read the report and look at the pictures then do it. If you want me to keep them a while, I can do that too. Those pictures will ruin her surprise.”
He stretched out his arm, slightly smiled and said, “Here, take them. I’ll get them later, ‘cause if they’re pictures of her surprise I might want to look at them. Later.”
I took them back, smiled and said, “I’ll keep them safe. When you’re ready, just let me know.” I hesitated then asked, “Um…about my fee?”
“That’s fine. How much do I owe?”
We settled the fee and he wrote me a check. Hot dog, now I can pay my rent this month.
I got back in my truck and continued on my way to Gardener. I stopped off at a branch office of my bank and deposited my check. I thought about doing a little happy dance right there in the bank but then thought better of it. The last time I did that one of the cashiers threatened to call the cops because she thought I was causing a distraction so it could be robbed. Cheri was with me, and if she wasn’t laughing so hard they would have called the cops for sure. Wouldn’t Cody have loved that? He actually did because big mouth Cheri told him. I can’t take me anywhere.

Chapter Eight


I was in a better mood now that I had money in the bank. It wasn’t like I was completely broke but I could now pay my rent and cable with money left to buy a Coke.
I was on another dirt road looking for my next address in Gardener. What is it with the Foyt family? Why couldn’t more of them live on asphalt roads? The home I was looking for turned out to be a mobile home and looked fairly new, at least it seemed that way to me. I’m not an expert on mobile homes; the only ones I see were traveling on highways when I’m in a hurry.
A silver truck was parked nearby but no vehicles in the driveway. That didn’t mean no one was home, so I knocked and waited. No one came, so I knocked louder and waited. Okay, no one answered. I walked around the back to check the back yard and noticed a big round concrete propane tank with a few emaciated trees and a yard surrounded by a chain linked fence. Rose bushes and other flowering bushes were planted near the house so I’m sure it was bright and fragrant in the spring and summer. The land beyond the fence was fields. I couldn’t tell if it was cleared for cattle or farming. I saw a tractor but no rows for plants. I know it was January but if it was for planting, rows or at least dirt would be visible. Wouldn’t it be? I have no idea. I live in town. My parents and grandparents live in town. I did know the tractor could be there for bush hogging the grass. It really didn’t make any difference what was going on in that field. I just didn’t have anything better to do than to daydream about the big green tractor.
Frustrated, I walked to my truck and grabbed my list. I was determined to find at least a crumb of evidence of the blasted painting. I must have been getting hungry if I was thinking about crumbs. I drove toward the next address and stopped at a Burger King when my phone rang. The caller ID read new call; it was probably a wrong number or someone looking for Alexandria Animal Clinic. One of us should change our number. I suggested it to them, they weren’t amused.
“Hello?” I said as pleasant as I could with a mouth full of Jr. Whopper.
“Hey sugar buns; have you seen any more gun-toting idiots or rabid dogs?”
I choked and coughed. Rick? How did he get my number? Oh, God. Did he just call me sugar buns? “No, but it’s still early. I still have hope. How did you get my number?” Pause, “Did you just call me sugar buns?” I should be horrified, stunned, dumbfounded, but oddly wasn’t. It was more of a…Huh?
“I told Cody I needed to put the lab’s number in my phone while he went to the bathroom.” He had the nicest voice. Deep, yet smooth. What was I doing?
“So you lied because you already had the lab’s number. You didn’t explain sugar buns,” I said trying to sound pissed off.
“Yeah, I lied and thought sugar buns sounded better than sugar butt,” he said with a laugh.
“Ugh,” I said. “I don’t think I like either one of them. But if you call me sugar buns, does that mean I can call you sugar nuts?” I said laughing.
“Nope. You don’t know me that well. Yet. I, on the other hand, can see you have a nice butt,” he said sounding sexy. I have a nice butt? This can’t be good. I mean, he had a body of a god, lean and muscular, but that was beside the point. I looked down at the whopper and thought maybe I shouldn’t be eating this.
“There can’t be a yet or ever and you know it. Isn’t it some kind of by-law that says partners or unit buddies can’t date sisters or ex-girlfriends?” I asked while checking out the uniformed men walking into the restaurant. Gardener was near Fort Polk, a large Army Base. “Wow.”
“It isn’t written in stone or an oath I had to take before becoming a cop. What’s wow? You’re thinking’ about me?”
“I am in Gardener you know. This place is crawling with Army guys. One just came in with a nice little bird on his collar,” I said smiling. I knew he couldn’t see it, but I’m sure he could tell.
“Are you flirting with a colonel?” He didn’t sound like he was flirting anymore. I guess he caught the fact I ignored his comment about thinking about him.
“No, he’s flirting with me. Should I ignore him or wink back?” The colonel was actually ignoring me, he only glanced at me. He had several young men saluting him and groveling all over him. He also had to be at least sixty. I wonder if his memory is going and he forgot to retire.
“I have to go, Cody’s coming back.” He didn’t sound like a happy camper. I wondered if I’d gone too far. What difference did it make? We weren’t going to go out anyway.
“Oh, my bad. He wasn’t winking at me he was winking at another woman. Talk about embarrassing. I think one of his underlings just threw his wrist out of socket waving me off. I think I’ll wave back.” Rick was chuckling. “Uh oh, I’m supposed to use all of my fingers to wave, huh? Do you think it’s a bad thing he just jammed his nice green beret on his head? Oh, crap, now several are jamming them on their head.”
“Are you walking off? Is someone calling you?” He was laughing out loud now. “Is someone calling you ma’am? Did you just flip off a group of Green Berets?”
“Yeah. I’ll tell you about it later. I have work to do, come to think about it, I may never tell you because I hate you.” I had walked out of Burger King and was running to my truck without looking back. I didn’t want to be put into the brig. Wait, the Navy has a brig. What does the Army have? I didn’t want to find out. It’s not like it was my fault. I was minding my own business sitting there in a public place talking on my phone when this elderly gentleman started winking at me. I, of course, being the well-mannered woman that I am, winked back. How did I know the man was winking at his wife through the window? Why would a colonel meet his wife at Burger King? I thought his minions were going to have a stroke; one was waving me off while the other was shoving me out of my chair. I swear I can’t take me anywhere.
I was driving back to the empty house when my phone rang. Cody. Probably asking why Rick was calling me sugar buns.
“Hey, Cody,” I answered very innocently.
“Hey, how’s it going?” He sounded calm, so maybe he didn’t know.
“Fine. Is that Rick I hear laughing?” I asked. Great. Maybe he did know.
“Yeah. I walked back from the bathroom and he was laughing at someone on his phone. He disconnected and said something about flipping off a bunch of Green Berets. I think he was talking to some buddies or something. So anyway, no rabid dogs?” Thank goodness he didn’t know it was me that flipped off men who were trained to kill people with one hand.
“No dogs, but it’s early yet. I may still run into something that bites or is that someone? Ooh, that could be interesting.” I could hear Rick giggle something about telling me to be careful around Army guys, they have rabies. He is so funny. It’s a good thing he wasn’t standing near me; I would have to shoot him. He already knows I don’t have a problem with holding a gun on him. They knew I was going to Gardener so I can assume Cody thought he was talking about me running into some soldiers.
Cody was laughing too about something, I couldn’t understand him, and he had moved the phone away from his mouth, so I yelled to get his attention. “Cody! I hate you.” I disconnected. I left him to his giggle fest. If he asks me if I hung up on him, I’ll just tell him I must have lost service.
I arrived at the empty mobile home. I still didn’t see a car out front but I walked up to the door to knock. Nope. No one’s home. I walked around back again. I wanted to humor myself by checking out the backyard. This really was a great yard; a swing would have been nice under the trees.
I heard a gunshot and ran behind the nearest protection. My heart was beating out of my chest, oh no, oh no. I looked around me. NOOOOO! I was hiding behind the propane tank. I ran behind a tree, and felt the bark from the tree scrape my arm. I was behind one of those emaciated trees. Shit! The only thing it protected was my spine. What to do? What to do?
I called 9-1-1. “Nine-one-one, what is your name and emergency?”
“Chloe Babineaux. I’m being shot at!” Another shot. “Ahhh! Did you hear that? I’m at…oh damn. Where am I?” I couldn’t think. I was shaking, hard.
“Ma’am, calm down. Are you hurt?” came the calm, female voice on the phone.
“No, no not yet. I’m in Gardener. Yeah, that’s it. I’m on uh…Phillips Road. Yeah, I’m at uh…uh…” I couldn’t remember the address. “Just come to Phillips Road. There’s just one house on the road.” Another shot. I felt the wind in my hair.
“Ahhh! I’ve gotta run, I’m too close to the…” I ran to get farther away from the propane tank. I was running leaning forward, staying low. I had taken several steps when the propane tank blew. The explosion threw me a few feet in the air and I fell hard, sliding on my stomach and elbows. The heat singed my skin and the fall took my breath away.
I stayed spread eagle for several minutes then heard someone yelling. “Miss Babineaux! Chloe, are you there? Answer me! What was that? Chloe!” It was the calm person from 9-1-1. Only she didn’t sound so calm now. I don’t know how long she had been calling my name. I hadn’t blacked out, I just couldn’t hear because of the loud, deafening blast from behind me.
I don’t know how I was still holding onto my phone but I was. I put it to my ear and said barely audible with a shaky voice. “Yeah, I’m here. Could you send the fire department too? A propane tank just exploded. This can’t be good.”
“Chloe, thank God. Are you hurt?” Relief from my 9-1-1 woman.
“No, I don’t think so. Wait, let me see.” I sat up and groaned. “Nothing feels broken. I just…” I couldn’t hear her that well my ears were ringing.
“Ma’am, the fire department, police and an EMT are on their way. Don’t move. Please don’t move and don’t hang up until they get there.”
“I hear them, thanks I have to go now. I have to call my brother,” I said with my voice still shaking. I heard sirens or it could have been my ears ringing.
I called Cody. Thank goodness he was the last person to call me so I just pushed a couple of buttons.
“Cody?” I said with a low, husky, shaky voice.
“Chloe, I can’t talk right now. I’ll call you back,” he said hurriedly.
“Oh, okay. That’s fine. No problem,” I was starting to hyperventilate.
“Chloe, do I hear sirens? Are you okay? Did you shoot someone?” He asked only half joking.
“I’m okay. I’m not hurt anyway. A propane tank blew up. Someone shot it. But…”
“What?” He talked over me. “Where are you? Are you still in Gardener?” He asked concern pouring through the phone. “Rick, are you through over there?” He asked Rick moving the phone away from his mouth.
“Yeah. Oh… I have to go now the cops are here.”
“Wait. Let me talk to them,” he yelled before I could disconnect the phone. I handed the cop the phone, who then gave his name to Cody. I quit paying attention after that.
The fire dept and EMTs arrived. My blood pressure was taken and I was checked to make sure I had no broken bones and had the scrapes on my arms bandaged. My knees were bruised but not scraped. Two people helped me onto a gurney, strapped me down and stuck an IV in my arm. They were asking questions about medicines and allergies. The cop had placed my phone in the front pocket of my jeans so I wouldn’t lose it and said something about my brother meeting me at the hospital. I was really shaking hard and only paying half attention. I laid on the gurney watching all the action around me. I was happy to be alive but confused on why I was. Alive.
It felt as though everything was moving slowly and oddly quiet, when another cop walked up to me smiled and told me his name.
“Hi, I’m Sgt. Kawasaki, tell me what happened here.” He was smiling but it wasn’t a real smile. He looked more like he was in pain. If smiling hurt that much maybe he should stop smiling.
“I’m not sure. I’m a private investigator. I was hired to locate a missing family painting. Are you in pain?”
“No. Did your client report it stolen?” he asked, while taking notes. He had answered me like he gets the smile question often.
“No, it’s not stolen. A family member most likely has it. I don’t even think it’s worth anything. It’s just a painting”
“Then why were you hired to find it?”
“My client just wants to know if it’s safe. You know, not in somebody’s garage collecting dust and termites.”
“Then why would someone take pot shots at you?” He was writing while looking at me. I wish I could do that.
“I don’t know. When I find out, I’ll let you know.” I must be feeling better because I was being flippant.
“Okay, okay. Come down to the station tomorrow and file a report,” he said, unsmiling. I bet that was his normal expression. The smile just didn’t look natural and he looked like he was in less pain.
“Alright.” My head was spinning and I was still hearing bells ringing. “I’ll be there.” He nodded for the EMTs to push me inside the ambulance.
We were about to leave when I heard someone call my name and pound on the door. Was that my 9-1-1 woman? No, this was a man’s voice. The EMT with me called for the driver to stop and opened the door. I tried to sit up but I was strapped down.
“Chloe! Chloe! Wait, don’t leave yet,” Cody and Rick were shouting.
“Are you hurt?” Cody asked when the door was opened.
“Where are you taking her?” Rick asked.
“Rapides General,” answered the charming EMT. There were two men and the one in the back was saving my life. Was I dying? I didn’t think so. But what did I know?
“Okay, great.” Cody turned to Rick and said, “You drive the car and I’ll drive her truck and we’ll meet at the hospital.
“No problem. Let’s go.” Rick looked at me, winked, and then turned to go.
I must have been in shock because I was reading way too much into that wink.

Chapter Nine


I must have fallen asleep on the ride because when I opened my eyes we were at the hospital. Where the hell am I? Oh, yeah, ambulance. “We’re there already?” I asked, feeling confused. “I can’t believe I fell asleep.”
“Adrenaline will do that to you,” said the EMT. “Don’t worry you did fine. You don’t have a concussion. You aren’t nauseated, only a slight headache, you’re blood pressure is a little high but whose wouldn’t be?, I recognized him from the scene of the miraculous explosion leaving me alive. Thank goodness. I would have been scared to death if I couldn’t remember anything.
They pushed me into the ER. A nurse took more vital signs and asked me more questions. I wasn’t as shaky and they said that was a good thing. That nap must have helped. A doctor came in asking all kinds of questions. Actually, they were the same questions everyone else was asking. What was his name? Oh yeah, Dr. Brooks. Not real tall, thinning brown hair, but a nice smile.
A woman came in asking me about my insurance. “I have insurance but I don’t know where my purse is.”
At that instant Cody and Rick walked in, badges and guns blaring, they always have their badges on their belts but usually try to hide their guns. They must have had problems getting past the people out front. Let me in or you’re under arrest.
“Hey, good you’re awake. How’re you feeling?” Cody asked smiling.
“I’m alright. Do you…good you have my purse with you. I need my insurance card,” I said, glancing at his hands.
He held up my purse. “Sure do. Anything I can do to help? I’m her brother,” he asked, looking at the insurance woman.
“If she’s your sister, then you can help,” she said smiling at Cody. “Do you mind stepping to my desk to answer some questions? We can bring her the papers to sign when we’re through.”
He looked at Rick and said, “Keep her company. Don’t let her leave until I get back. You might have to sit on her.”
“Are you giving me permission to get on top of Chloe?” He grinned.
Cody’s gaze bore a hole into Rick and growled, “I’ll be back.”
Rick smiled and took my hand in his. “Are you okay? Does your head hurt or anything? That was quite an explosion.” He looked at my bandaged arms and shook his head.
“No. I’m not hurt. I’m feeling much, much better. I’m not shaking like I was. See?” I said holding my hand up, the hand he wasn’t caressing. I was only slightly shaking, if I didn’t hold my hand up for very long.
He brought my hand up and kissed it. Oh, now my blood pressure and heart rate is really going to spike. He’s laughing at me one minute and kissing my hand the next. This shock thing isn’t what it’s cut out to be.
The curtain opened and in walked Morgan in all her glory. I don’t know if she ever has a bad hair day. I, on the other hand, looked like I was just thrown across a yard by a propane tank explosion.
“Hey, my sistah. Cody called me. You scared the shit out of us.” Morgan walked over to me, kissed my cheek, and checked the IV to make sure all was well.
“I’m fine. Thanks Morgan. Can you find out when I can go home?”
“You won’t be here much longer. Probably another forty-five minutes to an hour longer. Where’s Cody?” She smiled looking at Rick.
I rolled my eyes and said, “Not much longer she says.” I then looked at her and grinned ruefully. “He’s talking to the insurance lady. Oh, this is Rick Thompson, Cody’s partner; I guess ya’ll haven’t met.”
“No, we haven’t,” she said shaking Rick’s hand. “I better go help Cody before Thomasina’s in tears,” she said, laughing while walking toward the curtain. Cody is always saying I have a problem with authority, when the truth is we’re pretty well matched when it comes to authority obstructions.
“I’m glad I finally got to meet you. You’re photo does you no justice,” Rick said smiling.
“It’s nice to have met you also. Cody’s talked about you.” Morgan winked at me and walked out.
“Gee. Wow. I feel better now. I’m laying here feeling and looking like I’ve just been involved in an explosion and you’re telling my drop dead gorgeous sister-in-law how good she looks. Thanks a lot,” I said and shook my head while staring at my blanket covered feet.
He leaned over put both arms on each side of me, looked me in the eye, smiled, well more of a leer, and said, “You’re sister-in-law is beautiful. She’s also my partner’s wife. And you are hot, sugar buns.” He winked and smiled broader. Oh my goodness. What do I say to that? You’re not bad yourself? That’s lame, even for me. Queen of lameness. All I could do was look at him slacked jawed. Wait a sweet minute. Did he just say I was hot because I was involved in a fiery explosion?
Of course, Cody and Morgan walk in at that moment. Cody looked from Rick to me, from me to Rick. Morgan looked from me to Rick and grinned.
“Is there something I should know about?” Cody asked, narrowing his eyes.
“Chloe was feeling sorry for herself. I was just telling her she did good. Smart, she stayed low to the ground because someone was firing a weapon. And getting as far away from that tank was the smart thing to do as well. She went through all that and still looks prettier than you do.” He grinned and winked at me again. What is with all the winking? Morgan’s winking and Rick’s winking. I must really be smoking hot. Literally.
“What? Did he just say prettier than you?” Morgan said looking at Cody with a ‘what?’ look on her face. “Honey, your twin brother is good looking, but it’s you the guys out there are making excuses to have to come in here. Damn girl, the only reason they aren’t in here is because they saw the guns attached to their belts.” She looked at me and laughed.
The room went suddenly quiet. I slowly grinned and said, “In that case, don’t ya’ll have work ya’ll need to do? Which reminds me, I’m gonna call Cheri and ask her to come up here with her boy-toy Brent to give me a ride home. Cheri can drive my truck back to my apartment since we live in the same building. Well, same apartment complex,” I said, grimacing.
“Our work day is over anyway,” Rick said, narrowing his eyes at the curtain like he was daring someone to come in. “Don’t you think we should wait for Cheri to get here? You know in case the doctor has something he needs to talk to you about.” He turned and looked at Cody.
Cody answered him but I don’t know what he said, I was on the phone with Cheri. “Hey, can you and Brent do me a huge favor?”
“What did you do? Did you run off the road again?” she asked sarcastically.
“Funny. No, I’m in the ER at Rapides General; can you give me a ride home?” I asked casually.
“Oh my God! What happened? Are you alright?” she asked, shocked.
“Yeah, I’m fine, someone was shooting at me and a propane tank exploded and the hospital won’t let me drive home. I would like you to drive my truck home. So can you?”
“Yes, yes we’ll be there. We’ll be there in thirty minutes. Is that okay?”
“Sure. I’m not going anywhere.”
I disconnected and looked at Rick and Cody. “So, it’s all worked out. Ya’ll can pick up your trucks at the station and Cheri will drive me home. It’s all settled,” I said and smiled broadly.
Morgan walked over to me, gave me a big hug and said, “I’m so glad you’re alright. If bad luck comes in threes you had better be careful. First, it was your truck and now this. Sweetie, I don’t know what I’m gonna do with you. You need a bodyguard.” She smiled.
“You’re bad. I have to get back to work.” She gave Cody a kiss and told him to feed the kids chicken nuggets with mac and cheese for supper.
“Yeah, I have to pick up the kids. The daycare doesn’t stay open all night. I hate asking Mama to pick them up for me. You seem to be doing better, I’ll call you tonight.” He was giving me a big hug when the curtain opened and in walked Dr. Brooks.
“Did you piss off any Army guys while you were in Gardener? I mean, a sniper might have come after you,” Cody asked, giving me a mock glare. Was he serious? No, course not, he couldn’t be. Unless Rick told him about me flipping the bird at a bunch of Green Berets.
“Now that, I could understand. I mean, a Marine wouldn’t have missed,” Dr. Brooks said with a grin.
“Are you a Marine?” Cody asked.
“Yep. Ten years.
Cody grinned and said, “Semper Fi. Eight years.”
“Oh great,” I groaned, “The testosterone level has just risen. I can hardly breathe. Can I go home now?”
Cody cocked his head toward Rick and said, “SEAL.” What? SEAL?
“What’s a seal?” A seal is a mammal that swims in water and gets eaten by bigger things that live in water.
Cody looked at Rick and both grinned, but it was Cody that said with a head nod toward Rick. “Navy SEAL.”
I widen my eyes and laughed. “Oh, no wonder…uh…” I couldn’t finish that sentence with Cody in the room, ‘No wonder he was laughing so hard at the Green Berets.’ It also explained a lot about his body.
Luckily, Cody and the doctor were talking and not paying attention to me. Rick looked at me and grinned. He knew what I was thinking.
“How long?” Dr. Brooks asked Rick.
“Twelve years,” he said turning his head to look at the men grinning but looking mean. I wonder what his story is.
“Wow,” I said wide eyed. “I mean, impressive.” I looked at Cody and shrugged my shoulders. “Well it is. If I think about it, if someone was to burst in here right now, with two Marines and a Navy SEAL, that dummy wouldn’t have a chance.” I looked off thinking about it then said, “No, never mind, with my luck ya’ll would jump on top of me to save me and I would end up being crushed because of all the weight that was on top of me. I mean, jeeze Louise that would be like what, six hundred pounds?” All three laughed and agreed it would probably be about that.
“I came in here to tell you that you can go home. All you have to do is sign some papers.” He grinned and walked out saying, “Semper Fi.”
Cody and Rick looked at me like they didn’t want to leave. I would have loved to have been in their place. I would have left so fast the curtains would have been flapping behind me.
“Go. Just go. Didn’t you hear the doctor? I can go home,” I said, smiling. See? I’m fine. Nothing wrong here.
“Okay. I’m leaving but I’m calling you later.” Cody squeezed my hand and smiled wanly.
“I’m calling you too. What’s your phone number?” Rick asked, pulling out his phone.
“You can’t call her,” Cody said, glaring. He’s been doing a lot that lately.
“Like hell I can’t. I risked my life riding with you to Gardener,” he said and gave me a sidelong look. “He ran lights and drove on the shoulder so he could get to you before you left on the ambulance.” He glanced at Cody and said, “So yeah, if I’m risking my life for her I get to call her.”
“You make it sound like he doesn’t usually drive like that.” I shook my head and said, “My poor parents had to teach us how to drive simultaneously.”
“Scary I’m sure. Give up the number,” he said dryly, still holding his cell phone ready to punch in numbers.
“Both,” he said with a grin.
Cody wasn’t grinning. He was snarling and growling. If I looked close, I could see foam forming at the side of his mouth. Of course I had to laugh while I was giving the numbers.
They eventually left and I was alone with my thoughts and the TV. I hadn’t notice the TV because it was turned way down. The news was on. I wondered if they’d have something about the explosion. I hope not. It would show me dazed with my hair flying and dirt on my face. That reminded me of how Rick saw dirt on my face and he still said I was hot. Morgan was beautiful and I was hot. And he asked for my number in front of Cody. Cody could have stopped me from giving him my number but he didn’t. It’s either going to be a very loud or very quiet ride back to the station.
I need to think about why someone would be shooting at me. Am I close to finding the painting? Someone is trying to make me back off. But if the painting isn’t worth anything, why would someone go through all that to keep me away? Apparently someone thinks it’s worth something. Otherwise, why would Petunia hire me to find it? Is it painted over some long forgotten master piece? Maybe it’s a Michelangelo. Could that be true? If it was painted that long ago surely canvas had to be really expensive and hard to come by. I bet that’s it. It’s painted over a long forgotten master piece. Yeah, because Shloe, Louisiana is well known for having hordes of hidden master pieces. Is that a word master pieces? Wait, Melrose Plantation did have artists and that’s not far away. It couldn’t be Michelangelo, that’s just silly, but Melrose had local artists. There had to be a reason someone was after the painting but I just wasn’t grasping it. I know what IThe curtain swung open with Cheri and Brent right behind.
“Oh my, God, Chloe! Honey, are you alright? Are you hurt? Tell me about the explosion. Brent will sue the owners.” She grabbed my hands and kissed my forehead. I winced when she brought my arms up and her eyes widened.
Brent smiled and shook his head. He’s an attorney and a very good one and was very in love with Cheri. If she would say yes to him they would be married by morning. I I made a mental note to tell her again how gorgeous and rich he is.
“She had me thinking you were barely hanging on. Which I thought was odd since you were going home.” He laughed.
“She exaggerates. Remember that when she tells you about the things I do,” I said, narrowing my eyes.
He laughed and said, “Good God, I hope she exaggerates about the things you do. Did you really dress as a nun?”
“Well, yeah,” I said with a pained look. “That wasn’t an exaggeration.”
He laughed harder and said, “I wish I could have seen that. I mean, I saw the photo but I would have loved to have seen you in person.”
“Ya’ll do realize I’m standing right here. Did you call the girls?” Cherie asked, pulling her phone out of her purse.
“No, you’re the only one I had a chance to call.” The girls were my best friends. We have known each other for years. I went to high school with Cheri and Fiona Garcia, a.k.a. Nona, and to college with Felicia Schmidt and Tammy Lawson. Felicia went to Bolton High School in Alexandria and Tammy went to Pineville High School across the river from us. Nona, Cheri and I went to Alexandria Senior High, otherwise known as ASH.
Cheri called my friends while Brent and I made small talk. I couldn’t help but notice his dark blond hair was thinning and his nose was just a tad too small. But he was still going to be a good looking bald man.
“You know Cheri loves you,” I said with a half smile.
“I know. Do you have any suggestions on how to get her to say yes? I have a ring, you know, sitting in a dresser drawer,” he said with a sad smile.
“She told me. Dang, she also said it’s a boulder, and that she’d feel self conscience wearing it,” I said. “Maybe you should give me the ring to hold and buy her a smaller ring.”
“Do you really think she wants a smaller ring? Hell, I’ll take this one back and buy a smaller ring if she’ll accept it. She can even go with me and pick out a ring, I don’t care. Actually, that would make it easier, because then I’d know exactly what she wants,” he said with eyes wide. He laughed and added, “Chloe, we should have had this talk long ago.”
“We would have but you don’t like me that much. You think the reason she hasn’t said yes is because of me. The complete opposite is true. I don’t know why she’s putting you off. She tells me she loves you and that she wants to date you for at least a year before saying yes. A year dating and a short engagement. She didn’t say that, but I’m sure that’s what she wants.” I paused and we just looked at each other. I slowly grinned and said, “I keep asking her when is she gonna marry her boy-toy.”
“I do like you,” he said, slowly shaking his head. “She told me to wait a year but it’s hard when I love her so much. And did you just call me a boy-toy?” He grinned. “I should be offended, but kind of like it.”
“Yeah, all I can do is daydream about having a boy-toy. I just hope they’re as much fun to have as they are to dream about. Please, please don’t let my dream be wrong,” I said, crossing my fingers and closing my eyes tight.
“Boy-toys can be fun,” Cheri said, smiling and holding Brent’s hand. “The girls know and are freaked out about it as much as I am. When can you go home?”
“Now. I was waiting for you to get off the phone.” I looked at Brent and said, “You need to get out now so I can get dressed.”
“I’ll be right outside the door…uh curtain.” He left and Cheri held the curtain closed.

Chapter Ten


Brent had gone on to Cheri’s apartment and Cheri walked me to mine. The girls had said they were going to eat lunch with us in our office tomorrow. They did that a couple times a week. They said they liked the people they worked with; they just had to get away sometimes. It’s not like they had to go far, Felicia worked on one side of us at the Mattress Store as an accountant and Nona worked at the other side as a nurse for the dermatologist office. Tammy was a loan officer at the Region bank across the street. I really think she had the scariest job. I mean, someone gets turned down for a loan or something and bam, they’ll pull a gun. She was also my loan officer for the loan for my truck.
“So, are you sure you’re alright? Besides the bruises you are bound to have but aren’t telling anybody about,” she said with a hard look on her face.
“Yeah, besides that I’m fine. Listen, you really need to talk to Brent. You can’t leave him hanging for long. Either you tell him you’ll marry him in say…soon or not at all.”
“Oh no! Did he say something? Did he hint he wanted to break up?” she asked wide eyed.
“No,” I laughed. “I’m just tired of his hang dog look.”
“Oh, thank goodness. Yeah, when you almost got yourself blown up, it made me think about life. Who knows how much longer we have? And the way you drive I might not have that much longer to live.” She grinned.
“Have you ever heard the saying? Go away, don’t go away mad, just go away,” I said glaring.
She gave me a big hug and said, “I love you too. Call your mama and tell her about this.”
She waved as she walked out the door. Mama. I have to call my mother. She’s going to be so mad at me for not calling her earlier. I didn’t want my parents at the hospital; I knew I wouldn’t be there that long and my mother has high blood pressure. I didn’t want to call them until I knew for sure nothing was wrong. Okay, I knew long before I left nothing was wrong. So slap my hand, I didn’t call them. My mother would have had the nurses running around taking my temperature or something. Besides Rick wouldn’t have flirted with me if she was there. Was he flirting? Did I flirt back? No, I don’t think I did. I did laugh when he asked for my number knowing he already had it. Oh, great. Now I’m waiting for a man to call. Not good.
I took a shower and changed into sweat pants and a shirt. Okay, I was comfy so I could call my mother. One more thing I had to do first. I walked over to my refrigerator and took out a beer. Okay, now I was ready. No, first I had to call my friends Tammy, Nona, and Felicia and let them know I’m home and alive. Okay, now it’s time to call my parents.
“Hey Daddy, what’s going on?” I said when he answered the phone.
“Not much, just walked in the door.” He’s a plumber and owns his own business. “What’s going on?”
“Oh…not much, I was in the ER a little while ago,” I said making a face.
“Oh? What happen? You weren’t in an accident were you?” he asked trying to disguise his concern.
“Um…no I was following up on an investigation and a propane tank blew up,” I said as casually as I could.
It didn’t work. “What? A propane tank blew up? A small one used for grills?” He was shocked and talking way too loud.
“Um…no, the kind that’s used for homes. You know the big round concrete k…kind.” I was stammering. I was afraid he was going to start yelling.
Instead my mother yelled. “What blew up? Is anybody hurt? Is Cody alright?”
“No, it’s not Cody, it’s Chloe. Chloe was in the ER,” my father corrected her.
She must have grabbed the phone from him because she started fussing at me. “Chloebeth, are you alright? What are you doing messing around with propane tanks? Where did this happen and why didn’t you call us?” Elizabeth is my middle name but my mother is the only one who calls me that but only when she’s put out.
“It happened in Gardener and I wasn’t messing around with it. Tell Daddy to pick up another phone so I won’t have to say this twice and it won’t get twisted in the translation.”
Daddy picked up another line and told me to start from the beginning.
“I was hired to locate a painting. It’s not stolen, it’s just lost, and a family member probably has it. No big deal. I walked around a house checking to see if someone was in the backyard because no one answered the door. Evidently, someone was home and didn’t like me poking around the house; I don’t know maybe they’ve been having bill collectors come to the house. Anyway, someone started shooting at me and the tank blew. I wasn’t hurt, I’m fine,” I added quickly.
“You should have called us, Chloe.” Daddy said slowly. He didn’t sound happy.
“I know,” I said, sounding contrite.
“Does Cody know?” Mama asked.
“Yes, I called Cody and since I was at Rapides General, Morgan was there.” I closed my eyes preparing myself for the fall out.
“What?” I had to move the phone away from my ear. My mother can get loud. “You called Cody but not us?”
“Look, the next time I end up in a hospital I’ll call you. I promise.” I was crossing my fingers. Don’t say it. Please don’t say it.
“I know you like your job, but Chloe, someone is shooting at you,” my father said, stating the obvious.
“You need to date more. Maybe if you got married you wouldn’t take on these dang fool investigations.” Yeah, she said it. This is too good; I have to comment on this.
“Did you say the words date and marriage together?”
“Chloe…” my mother said as my door bell rang.
“Oh, there’s my door now. Maybe it’s someone wanting to date me…” I opened the door as I was saying, “He’ll stay the night, I’ll get pregnant and I’ll have to get married.” Standing at the door holding Chinese takeout and beer was Rick. Perfect.
I picked my jaw up off the floor while my mother was saying, “Well, at least now you’re saying you’ll get married. There was a time you would never marry if you were pregnant.”
“No. I won’t get married if I’m pregnant.”
 “Who’s at the door?” My mother asked.
“A friend. I gotta go. I love ya’ll. And I’m fine.” I hung up the phone before either one could ask me who was at the door again.
Rick was standing there looking all smug holding food in one hand and beer in the other. I wasn’t feeling all that smug. I was feeling kind of embarrassed. I don’t turn red but if I did I’m sure I would be about every shade red in a sixty-four box of crayons. I let my breath out in a rush. I realized I was holding my breath.
“Who were you talking to? But the big question. Was that an invite?” he asked grinning his sexy grin. He knows he’s sexy. He must know he’s sexy. Otherwise he wouldn’t look so damn sexy.
“I was talking to my mother; she thinks I should date more. And no, it was not an invite,” I said leaning against the door frame, not inviting him in.
“Can I come in?” he said holding his hands up. “I have food and beer.”
“No.”
“We both have to eat. Come on, let me in so we can both eat and then I’ll go.” He smiled.
“Fine. I’m out of beer anyway,” I said moving away from the door. I took the beer from him and walked to the refrigerator, throwing my empty bottle away. It clanged but thank goodness it was the only one in the can or else it would have really clanged. I couldn’t think of anything else to say. I did have to eat and I like Chinese. I also wanted another beer.
I grabbed plates, forks, bottle opener and spoons to dish out the food and sat at my round table across from Rick. I thought he was just going to call me. Not show up with food. Don’t get me wrong, I like food and beer, but from Rick? I wasn’t so sure. Who am I kidding? I liked it just fine. I had to act like I didn’t. I have a reputation to keep up. Being a smartass takes talent and I’ve got it down to an art.
“I hope you like Chinese. I brought sweet and sour chicken and green peppers and beef and of course egg rolls,” he said opening the boxes.
“I don’t like sweet and sour but I love green peppers and beef,” I said, helping myself to the rice and beef.
Rick opened our beer with the bottle opener and said, “To a beautiful smile. I’m glad it’s still where it belongs and not spread across Gardener.” He grinned.
A car door slammed, I flinched and said, “Me and you both.” I held up my beer to touch his.
“Does Cody know you’re here?” I asked between bites.
“No, do you want me to call him?” he asked on a laugh.
I widened my eyes and shook my head. On cue, the phone rang. I took my beer with me to answer the phone. Cody. “Hey.”
“Hey, I hear you talked to Mama. She and Daddy aren’t happy we didn’t call them.” He was fixing dinner and I could hear his kids saying something about fries.
“I know. I promised them the next time I end up in the hospital I’d call them.”
He laughed and said, “I told them the same thing.”
“Wait. Hold on. You told them the next time I’m in the hospital you would call them? You’re faith in me is so overwhelming. I’m touched, but I would rather bop you on the head right now.”
He laughed again and said, “I was calling to check up on you. I told Mama and Daddy you were fine. I can’t believe you told them you were shot at. That wasn’t real bright.”
“You’re the bright one. That’s why they call you son. I figured someone would let it slip, Morgan, so I went ahead and told them and got it out the way.”
“Yeah, she probably would have and then blamed it on me for not telling them. I just called to see how you were doing. I love you.”
“I love you too.” I hung up and walked back to the table.
Rick grinned and asked, “You didn’t tell Cody I was here making sure you had something to eat?”
“Believe it or not, I’m not as dumb as I look,” I said with an arrogant smile.
He laughed at that, shook his head, and then asked, “Why did you drop out of the police academy?” Clearly, Cody and Rick talked about me. But dang, that question came out of the blue.
I cocked my head and asked, “Why did you drop out of the Navy, Mr. SEAL?”
He shrugged his shoulders and said, “I stopped a couple of bullets.” I couldn’t believe it. Like it was no big deal, he says he stopped a couple of bullets.
“It must have been pretty bad for you to have to leave the Navy. Where were you shot?”
He shook his head and said, “I can’t tell you.” He smiled mischievously.
“No, I mean where on your body were you shot? Cody couldn’t tell us where he was either.” I narrowed my eyes and asked, “By the way, why do you and Cody get along? I thought SEALs and Marines didn’t like each other.”
“We usually don’t. But Cody’s a good man.” He gave a long hard look and said, “My shoulders. I got shot in my shoulders.” He didn’t clarify and I didn’t ask. What did he mean shot in the shoulders? Couldn’t he have surgery, heal and continue on his merry way? Obviously he wasn’t going to say anything more about it. I could wait him out. I’d ask again later.
We looked at each other and then I got up and turned on TV for noise while finishing our meal. When we had finished he said, “Now, it’s your turn. Why did you drop out of the police academy? And don’t tell me it’s because you have a problem with authority.” How did he know about the authority thing?
“I’m not drunk enough.” I got up, put the plates and silverware in the dish washer and threw away the empty boxes. I read my fortune cookie, and then ate it. Yeah right. ‘Good things are coming your way.’ I grabbed another beer for the both of us and went to the living room. Rick was sitting on the sofa watching the news. And there it was. The explosion in Gardener. Thank God, no video of it. My parents watched the news religiously so now they know all there is to know. I mean, after all if the anchor man was saying it, it must be true. Although, he said it was a gas leak.
Rick was sitting in the middle of the sofa so I had to sit next to him…not. I could have sat in my recliner but I could see the TV better from the couch. Obviously I’m lying. Who places a recliner in a room and not put it where you can see the TV best while sitting in it? Certainly not me.
He placed his feet on the coffee table which was very inconsiderate of him. But since I had my feet on it first I really couldn’t say anything. I have to admit he looked relaxed. It could be because I was on my fourth beer and I was very relaxed. I’m a cheap drunk; it doesn’t take me much to get a good buzz on and since this was my fourth one, I was well on my way to drunkenness. I really had to slow down, my tongue was going numb.
We watched TV a while when it hit me. “Why are you still here? I thought you said you were leaving after we ate?” Good God, my words were slurring and I was weaving. At least I think I was weaving. Maybe he was weaving.
“You haven’t told me why you dropped out of the police academy,” he said with a blank face.
I finished my beer and said, “I can’t tell you. I can’t feel my tongue and I can’t see what I’m saying.” He looked at me funny and laughed.
“Wait, that didn’t come out right. I think I’m getting my swerve on.” I can’t feel my tongue when I’m drunk. I meant to say he couldn’t understand what I was saying. I’m well passed starting to slur my words.
“I think I can interpret,” he said, turning to me and grinning.
I looked at him for about an hour and then said, “Let me see the scars.”
“What is it with women and scars?” he asked shaking his head.
“You want to see my scars, I want to see yours.” His eyes grew big.
“I don’t actually have scars, phishi…phishi, on my body. Well…one, but that’s another story completely.” I was like a bee in a tree with the wind blowing. Swaying and buzzing.
“Oh, hell.” I sat on his lap straddling his body. “If you aren’t gonna show me I’ll just have to do it myself.” I pulled off his knit collared shirt that read S.P.D. with an embroidered shield and then his black long sleeve T-shirt that said New Orleans Saints Champions XLIV in gold letters.
He didn’t stop me. He let me take it off. I stared at his shoulders. Both of them had big scars with a fine straight scar circling around his shoulders.
“Does this mean I can take your shirt off now?” He grinned, grabbing the end of my sweat shirt.
“No, you can’t. I’m drunk, not comatose. Damn, that must have hurt.” I gently touched both shoulders. “What kind of gun was it?”
“A .22,” he said unblinking.
“Nah-uh, it couldn’t have been. He must have held it to your…”
I sat there unblinking, barely breathing. I couldn’t believe it. I held a .22 on him and he barely flinched. I would have run screaming.
“Oh, no. I held a .22 on you. I feel… besides drunk and slightly dizzy, embarrassed,” I said with a pained look on my face.
“I knew you wouldn’t shoot me.” He shrugged and corrected himself. “I was hoping you weren’t gonna shoot me. You didn’t know me. You had to keep me away and believe me, having a gun held on me was a definite soft on.” He grinned. “Are you ever gonna tell me why you were near my house? Did Cody tell you he had a new partner and you were checking me out?”
I shook my head and groaned, “Oh God, no he didn’t tell me he had a new partner. Well, he said he was getting one but he didn’t say anything about you, Mr. Egotistical.” I took a deep breath and decided to come clean. “Do you know a woman named…uh…hell what is her name? Adamson, that’s it. Uh…something Adamson.” I said thinking.
“Savannah Adamson? Yeah I know her, why?” He asked narrowing his eyes.
“Her husband thought ya’ll were having an affair,” I said it quick. I thought if I said it fast enough it would be less painful for me.
“Hardly,” he laughed. “I don’t go out with married women. So you were there checking me out. I knew it. Why else would you be on that road?”
“Maybe, but you didn’t know I was there for that reason, Mr. High –opinion-of-yourself. And she wasn’t cheating with anyone. She was taking a cosmetology class to surprise her husband.”
He laughed again. He had such a nice laugh and a fantastic body. Oh, I was weaving again. He pulled my head down kissed me gently and asked, “Why did you drop out of the police academy?”
The door to the apartment next door slammed shut and I flinched again. I crawled off his lap, sat sitting sideways so I could look at him and handed him his shirts. He really needed to put them back on. I also wanted another beer but didn’t want to get up to get it. Maybe if I was drunk I would pass out and wouldn’t talk anymore.
I took a deep breath, exhaled loudly and said, “I was really enjoying the academy. It was hard but I liked it, you know?” He nodded. “You went through SEALs training, Cody the Marines but I felt good about myself for doing this.” He nodded again agreeing with me. “One day I had forgotten a book in one of the classrooms, so before leaving I ran back inside to get it. The defense instructor was walking toward me.” I wanted to move my legs so I could sit straight and not look at him but he put his hand on my knee and shook his head. I lowered my head instead. “He smiled at me and said he could use my help to carry some things to his class. I told him about my book and he said no problem he would make sure I got it before I left.”
I took a deep breath still not looking up. “He opened the door to a closet, shoved me and in about one second flat I was on the floor lying on my stomach.” I looked up in his face and said, “He was the defense instructor.” He nodded and said, “Yeah
”Anyway,” I said and shook my head, “he took his belt off, looped it around my wrists and shoved a handkerchief in my mouth.” I tried to smile and asked, “Can you believe I thought, ‘If there’s snot on this thing I’m gonna throw up?’” He didn’t smile back, but looked into my eyes intently. I took another deep breath. “He pushed down on my back with his foot as he unfastened his pants. He then turned me over pulled my pants down but he was sitting on my legs so I couldn’t move them. I know, SEAL man, you would have gotten away. I should have hit him with both fists since my hands were together.”
I shook my head seeing it all happening again and lowered my head. I didn’t want to see his expression, it was all too real. He kept his hand on my knee but gripped it a little harder. “He kept telling me I looked like his dead wife when she was my age. She was killed in a hit and run, most likely a DUI. Just before penetration, I heard people talking. When they were near the door I grunted and kicked the door as loud and as hard as I could. It wasn’t much and he had slapped me and entered me to keep me quiet but I couldn’t give up. Two instructors heard me and opened the door.” I paused, “Later, he said he raped me because I looked so much like his wife when she was killed. Like that was a good excuse to…Never mind it’s over.”
I looked back up and his face was tight and his jaw was clenched. I shrugged and said, “And that is why I dropped out of cop school. I was offered a full scholarship but I refused. That’s why I do what I do now. I don’t have laws restricting me as much as you do.” I slightly smiled and said, “Better to do it and apologize than not be able to do it all.”
He held my chin in his hand and said, “You did right. Sometimes it’s better if you don’t fight it, go along with him. I’m also proud of you for making as much noise as you could when the time was right.” I nodded. “Is he still around?” he asked.
“No, he died. He had some kind of fast growing cancer and died in prison before Cody came home from the Marines. And thanks for saying…you know, about being proud. I sure as hell didn’t feel proud. Later I thought about all the things I should’ve done.”
He smiled sadly and said, “I’m sure Cody wanted to have a little talk with him, just as I did. And it’s natural to second guess yourself.” Talk isn’t what he and Cody wanted to do but it sounded better than beat the living shit out of him.
“Yeah, he wanted to talk to him, but it’s over.” I shook my head and said, “Man, if I wasn’t this drunk I would never have told you. I never tell anyone what happened.” I narrowed my eyes. “It’s okay for me to tell you about my past but you can’t tell me about yours. No fair.”
“I can tell you about my past.” He grinned but it was forced. “I just can’t tell you where I’ve been.”
I swayed a few more minutes and then said, “I’ll ask you about your past when I’m sober. You have to go home now. I’m exhausted, I’m going to bed. Alone,” I said alone a bit too loud.
“I’m sleeping on your couch. You flinch every time a door slams. Maybe you’ll sleep better with me out here.” He looked toward my bedroom and added, “Unless you’re lonely.”
“I’ll get you a blanket and pillow,” I said walking toward my room. What was I doing letting him sleep on my couch? I sat on his lap and took his shirt off for crissakes. How could I have done that?
I tossed him a blanket and pillow and went to bed.

Chapter Eleven


It was morning. I knew it was morning because I can see light coming in from behind my curtain. I turned over and yelled, “Ahh! What are you doing in my bed?!”
Rick opened one and eye and said, “I usually don’t get this reaction from women.”
I shot daggers with my eyes and said, “I don’t usually wake up with an uninvited man in my bed.” I groaned and grabbed my head.
He grinned and said, “You drank too much last night.” How can he smile so brightly in the morning?
“No. You think? Whatever makes you say that? Could it be the bags under my eyes or the lovely complexion of my skin? How about my sunny disposition?” I had my eyes closed and hands squeezing my head together.
“It’s time to get up anyway,” he said with a laugh, while sitting up. “Do you mind making coffee while I take a shower?”
“Whoa. Do you have anything…?” I said not tearing my eyes away from his bare back.
“Relax, sunshine, I have on boxers.” He looked over his shoulder and smiled. A straight-lined scar went all the around both shoulders in addition to several faded scars on his muscled back. Muscles on his back? I have no muscles anywhere. I would so like to know what happened to him while captured. Captured? He didn’t tell me he was captured. Did he? I’m pretty sure he didn’t. I’m also pretty sure he wouldn’t tell me anything about it if I asked.
“You take over my bed…why are you in my bed?” The bare back threw me. I had to bring myself into the present.
“You have an uncomfortable couch. I thought, why not sleep in here?” He had stopped at the bathroom door and turned to talk to me. Man, I wish I didn’t have such a hangover.
“Oh gee, I don’t know. Maybe because it was my bed and I was in it?” He grinned then raised an eyebrow then walked into the bathroom. I heard the shower come on and I crawled out of bed. I was amazed I was able to say anything that morning. Not only did I have a massive headache but his body made my eyes sweat.
I glanced at myself in the mirror as I walked passed it and groaned. My hair was flying all around my head and I looked as bad as thought I did. Although, I looked this bad and he grinned at me. No, he wasn’t grinning, he was probably laughing at my hair and my sweatshirt and pants. I know I would be laughing if I didn’t feel as though I had a mouth full of cactus. Whatdoyaknow, I can feel my tongue now. I shuffled to the kitchen and made coffee. Lots of coffee. While it was brewing and I couldn’t get into my shower I watched the news or something like that. Evidently, he had turned it to CNN before climbing in my bed. It seemed the world didn’t come to an end last night but my world was coming apart at the seams.
I poured a mug of coffee and was waiting for it to cool when I heard the shower turn off. Great. Now what?
I heard him come into the kitchen and walk to the coffee maker. I turned from the sofa to look at him and he looked nice with his damp hair.
He needed to shave and all I had was a razor, I didn’t have shaving cream.
“Nice hair, sugar buns.” He laughed. “By the way do you have a razor I can use?”
I grimaced and said, “It’s a good thing you wear the same thing every day to work, sugar…uh, forget it my brain isn’t firing on all cylinders. Yes, I have a razor but I don’t have shaving cream.”
“I can make do.” He laughed. “I’ll shave after you take a shower. That is, if you want to take one now.” I nodded and walked as fast as I could without my head falling off.
I had brought clothes into the bathroom with me so I could dress without mooning Rick if he should open the bedroom door. I brushed my hair out and was blow drying it in the bedroom when he walked in to shave. My head felt a little better because I had thrown up. I applied makeup but even if I had caked it on an inch thick, the bags under my eyes were still going to be baggy.
I finished drying my hair and he had shaved. He then poured another mug of coffee for the both of us. He was taking over my kitchen like he had experience taking over women’s kitchens. Actually, I was glad he was doing it himself and not asking me to do it.
When I had dressed and applied makeup, I walked into the kitchen. He smiled and said, “I have to go now.” He took my hand pulled me to the door with him. He opened the door, pulled me to him and was thoroughly kissing me when my next door neighbor opened his door.
Greasy Tryston Collins came out of his apartment grinning his goofy grin. He’s twenty-two and works at the Chrystal Movie Theatre. I’m sure his parents pay his rent to keep him out of their house. “It’s about time I see a man coming out of your place Chloe. I thought I was gonna have to put the moves on you to get you in a better mood.”
I reluctantly pulled away from Rick and glared at Tryston. “Lack of sex is not the reason I get in a bad mood around you, Tryston.” I noticed a woman coming out of his door pulling a rolling bag. The twit is hopeless. “You moron. You’re gonna talk about having sex with me while I’m kissing a man and you have a woman leaving your apartment.”
Rick was looking at him like, ‘You are a moron.’ The mysterious woman was holding up her free hand waving with wide eyes. Moron glanced over his shoulder and said, “That’s just my sister and I wasn’t really talking about having sex with you. I was just saying it’s about time you got some.” He shook his head and muttered, “Man! You’d think after gittin’ laid she’d be in a better mood.”
As the woman walked closer to us I shook my head and said, “I’m sorry. I didn’t know he was your brother.”
“No worries,” she said, smiling, “he really is a moron. I came through Alexandria on business. Our parents were out of town so I stayed with Tryston.” We all laughed except for Tryston. He was already clomping down the stairs in a funk. She smiled again and followed her brother down the stairs.
Rick put his hand around my waist, turned me toward him and asked, “Do you eat pizza?”
“Yes, but I don’t care for pepperoni, pineapple or anchovies on my pizza.” I hesitated, shook my head, and said, “Wait a minute, we can’t be seen together. Or ever. And I don’t want to.” I shook my head in wonderment, ow, that hurt, and asked, “Why was I even kissing you?”
“I can bring pizza.” He grinned. “You do and you enjoyed kissing me because I enjoyed kissing you.”
“Well…you can’t stay the night,” I said, narrowing my eyes. Yes, I enjoyed kissing him and yes I knew it was wrong for me to want to see him.
“Okay. If you don’t want me to, I won’t. But I do have to change before coming over.” He kissed me again and then said, “Later, sugar buns.”
I couldn’t help but grin when he said that. It’s just so stupid and unlike me to allow a man to call me sugar buns. I mean, I’m the one that usually says silly things like that. I say it because I know it annoys the hell out of people. I watched him walk to his truck then turn toward me and waved. Dang. He turned around and saw me still standing there. I should have gone inside before he turned around.

####

I went back inside my apartment, ate toast and drank coffee. It was only seven. Rick had to be at the station by seven thirty. Now what am I gonna do? I made myself useful and went to the office early and started writing my report for Petunia. I have a lap top and I use it in my apartment, but my printer is in the office. Besides, I really wanted to get out of my apartment and I seem to concentrate better in my office.
I was typing with a huge glass of water on my desk and thinking about pizza when Cheri arrived. “You’re early,” she said as she sailed down the hall. “And with a hangover. Didn’t sleep well last night?”
“No, I slept well. I seem to sleep very well when I’m trashed,” I said holding on to my head. It wasn’t time for me to take more ibuprofen so I drank more coffee and washed it down with water instead.
“Were you alone when you got your swerve on?” she asked.
“Um…no? Why are you here so early?” I asked, trying to get her to think of something else. Did she just ask me if I got my swerve on? I followed her to her office and stood on the doorway speaking to her.
“I have a client coming in early. Who was it? Anyone I know?” she asked, grinning.
I looked hard at her narrowing my eyes. The sun was streaming in from the front windows and it was making my eyes water.
“You can’t tell anybody. I mean not a soul,” I said, then walked back to my office in search for my sunglasses.
“I promise. This ought to be good. Oh, damn.” The door opened and her client walked in. “Hi Pete, go on into my office, I’ll be there in a second.” She smiled at Pete as he walked past then whispered to me, “Hurry. Who was it?”
I took a deep breath exhaled loudly and said with a pained look on my face, “Rick.”
“Rick?” she asked unbelieving. “Cody’s Rick? The one you held a gun to? You slept with him?” She was stunned.
“Yes, but we didn’t sleep together. Well…we did but nothing happened,” I said wide-eyed shaking my head and then stopping because it throbbed when I shook it and it made me want to throw up.
“This I have to hear.” She laughed as she walked to her office. Great. There’s no way she would believe I slept with him without having sex. Why was I so concerned? I should let her think I had sex. Now I know why that nunnery was so scary. I had as much sex as a nun. They probably had sexier underwear. Note: Buy sexy underwear.

Chapter Twelve


I finished writing the report and was pondering while staring at my blank computer screen. Because that’s what diligent private investigators do. We ponder. It may seem to others like we’re just fiddle fartin’ around but we are actually pondering. I’m sure Cheri thought I was asleep since I had my sunglasses on to block the glare from the sun. How the sun turned the corner to blind me is beyond me. Must have been the way it reflected off the floor in front of my office.
My phone rang, making me jump a foot out of the chair I was pondering so hard in. I grabbed the phone and juggled it around finally getting it to my ear before it hit the floor. “Hello?” Dang. That really hurt my head.
“Ms. Babineaux, this is Sergeant Kawasaki from the Gardener Police. How are you feeling this morning”? Sgt. Kawasaki, the doubting policeman from Gardener. I wonder if his first name is Thomas.
“I’m fine,” I said emotionlessly. He probably didn’t like emotions since he looked as though he had none.
“Good, good glad to hear it.” It sounded as though he couldn’t care less. “I’m calling to find out if you could come in to sign your statement about the explosion.”
No. I cannot come in today. I have a throbbing headache. “Yes, I’ll be there as soon I can. I’m leaving now.”
I have to get his over with. My list. The best thing for me to do is leave it in my desk. It may be obstructing an investigation but I’m just narrowing down the list before giving it to the proper authourities.I could always say I’ll get it to him ASAP, then get busy and forget. I started for the door and then thought about my .22. Yeah. That’s what I need for Thomas to find. Even though I have a permit, cops don’t seem to like it when the average citizen is armed. They want to be the only ones with weapons. Unfortunately, the bad guys usually have bigger and better ones.
I knocked on Cheri’s door and told her I was leaving but would be back for lunch.
I dug my phone out of my purse and called Cody to let him know I was going to Gardener to sign my statement. I don’t know why I called him; I guess I thought he should know where I was in case they arrested me for being flippant. Can one get arrested for being flippant? I bet they have one of those handy codes for that like 1-2-3, because it takes someone who can’t count pass three to know one shouldn’t be flippant with someone who carries a gun. Legally.
He answered, laughing. He seems to be doing that a lot lately. Was he laughing at something I did? The list is endless. “Hey Chloe, how’re you feeling this morning?” Obviously he doesn’t know about last night and I wasn’t going to shed any light on that subject. It would probably make my eyes water more.
“Good, I’m good. I’m just calling you to let you know I’m on my way to Gardener to sign my statement. If you get that one phone call, come bail me out,” I said rubbing my forehead. Oh, the sun is bright today; even with sunglasses I’m blinded.
“You won’t get arrested, but call me when you’re done. I want you to come by here and tell me about it.” He was still smiling; I could tell by his tone of voice.
“Why are you in such a good mood this morning?” If Rick told him anything about last night he wouldn’t be laughing, he’d be pissed. And not just a little.
“Me and Rick are waiting for a perp to come to work so we can have a nice and easy talk and we started talking about our military days.” He laughed again and said, “I swear, Chloe, you should’ve joined up, you’re just what we needed. Comic relief.”
“Are you talking about me?” I was the one starting to get pissed. “What are you telling him? In case you forgot, I’m the one that came mighty close to having my body parts blown across Central Louisiana. And it doesn’t sound like you needed me to join the Marines for comic relief. You had some good times without me being there.”
“That’s true; we did have some good times. But you were almost hurt which makes all of your other exploits funny. How do you survive all the things you do?” He asked incredulous. I could hear laughter in the back ground. That’s always a good way to run a man off. Let him talk to Cody about me.
“I’m good at what I do. And would you stop telling stories about me when I’m not there to take up for myself? I’ll call you later. Maybe.” And maybe it’s a good thing Rick’s talking to Cody. I mean, this way he knows about me and I won’t have to get hurt when he decides he can’t put up with a private investigator. I sure as hell couldn’t put up with a private investigator. Bad hours and skirting the law. One of these days I’m gonna find my ass in jail. Bad analogy. Putting ass and jail together in the same sentence is not a good thing.
Speaking of my ass in jail, I called Petunia. Jail made me think of my doubting Thomas, which made me think of the case and Petunia. It’s scary how my mind works.
She answered on the third ring out of breath. “Hello?”
“Hi Petunia, it’s Chloe. Did I catch you at a bad time?” Man, I hope she was just watering her flowers.
“No, it’s fine, I was just watering my flowers. Anything new?” she asked hopeful.
YES! Oh, I’m good. “No, not really. I’m calling to find out if anyone on the list you gave me would…I don’t know...try to kill me?” I wanted to sound casual but I don’t know if I pulled it off.
“What? Kill you? Are you okay?” I guess I didn’t pull it off.
“Yes, I’m fine. Did you hear about that explosion in Gardener?” If she didn’t read the paper or watch the news then she probably didn’t know, unless she was the one shooting at me. I have to think about that. I started my truck and pulled out into traffic. It was rush hour so it was a little heavier than usual.
“Oh, my God.” She sounded horrified. Either she’s a good actress or she didn’t have anything to do with the shooting. “Were you there? Were you hurt? What happen? I thought it was a gas leak.”
“It became a gas leak when somebody shot the tank and gas leaked out,” I explained to her.
“Oh, my God. Oh no…Maybe you should quit looking for the painting. It’s not that important. I wanted to know where it was but not enough for someone to try to…I don’t know who would do that. Some of my kin might not be upstanding citizens but I don’t think even they would …you know.” She couldn’t say the word kill. I can’t blame her. I don’t like using the words kill and me in the same sentence either. She hesitated then asked, “Are you gonna continue? If you are, I’ll gladly pay but please don’t risk your life for it.”
“Yes. I’m gonna continue looking, because now I’m mad. And Petunia, I don’t plan on risking my life. I just wanted you to know what was going on. I’m on my way to Gardener to sign a statement so I might not get a lot done on your investigation today.”
“That’s fine. You take care of yourself. Bye.” She sounded relieved, and didn’t let me say bye. What was it about this painting that made people shoot at me and make Petunia want me to stay on this case?
I stopped and bought a Coke Zero. I arrived at the Gardener Police Department, spoke to the officer at the front desk and he called Sgt. Kawasaki. Of course he had me wait. No problem, I needed a nap anyway. My name was called and I glanced at my watch. I had a good fifteen-minute nap so I was hoping my mascara didn’t run and give me raccoon eyes.
I entered a room with a few desks. Gardener is not a large metropolis, so I wasn’t real surprise.
Sgt. Kawasaki called me over. “Ms. Babineaux, I’m glad you made it. Rough night?” he asked, looking closely at my eyes. Oh man, I had raccoon eyes didn’t I?
“No, last night was easy. It was this morning that was rough,” I said and slightly smiled.
“Yes. I can imagine,” he said, still looking hard at me. His Asian face didn’t show a lot of emotion but he didn’t look like he had a great sense of humor in the first place. This is gonna be a long day. He spread his arm out to the side and asked, “Do you mind if we go into a room that’s less noisy?”
I looked around. There were only three desks and only one other was occupied. Wow, that police officer must get really cranked up at times to make him want to go some place less noisy. I pointed at the occupied desk with my head and asked, “He gets rowdy, does he?”
He slightly smiled and said, “There are times.” He pointed with his head and asked, “Do you mind?”
I shook my head which was feeling better. I could move it without it feeling like it was going BOOONG! Now it just went, bong. I grinned and said, “Let the good times roll.” He rolled his eyes.
We walked into an interrogation room. This did not bode well. I did take advantage of the mirror. Good, no raccoon eyes. He pulled a seat out for me and I sat down with him across from me.
“Ms. Babineaux, I’m gonna tape this. Why were you in Gardener?” No small talk, down to business. Of course he gave his name, my name, the date and time before proceeding with the first question.
“I was hired to locate a painting. It had been in the family for years but no one seemed to know where it was. At least they weren’t admitting to knowing where it was. So…I was out asking questions,” I said a lot more confidently than I felt. This man was scaring the bejezus out of me.
“Who was the client?” he asked taking notes.
I took a deep breath and cocked my head to the side, and said, “I really don’t have to tell you but I’m going to anyway. Petunia Andreneaux and she lives in Alexandria.”
“Was it stolen at some point? Did she want it back?”
“No, it wasn’t stolen. Petunia…can you imagine having a name like Petunia?” I asked and he stared at me with no reaction. Not a great conversationalist.
“Anyway, Petunia told me if some other family member had it she didn’t want it back. She wanted to make sure it was safe. I don’t know what is so da…dang important about this painting but clearly someone thinks it is. Unless someone thought I was a bill collector.” I hesitated. “Do you think they thought I was a bill collector?” I don’t know why, but that made me feel better than to think someone shot at me because of the painting.
“I don’t know. Have you talked to Mrs. Andreneaux about the explosion?” he asked still writing in his handy dandy notebook.
“Yes, I did just before coming here. I don’t know why I didn’t call yesterday. Anyway, she claims she didn’t know why anyone would be shooting at me.”
“You believe her?” Did the man ever blink? He makes me want to confess to the shooting, and I was sprawled on the ground when he arrived.
“Yes, I do. She’s either a great liar or she really doesn’t know any reason why this would happen.” I shook my head and said, “Personally, I don’t think she wants to believe any of her relatives would be low life enough to want to kill me.”
“Do you believe one of her relatives shot at you?”
“Sergeant…is your name Thomas?” I asked.
“No,” he said with a blank face and didn’t add to it. I wonder if his wife calls him sergeant.
“Oh, okay. Anyway, we all have relatives we don’t tell anyone we’re related to.” I smiled and added, “I bet we could really go on about some of our relatives, huh?” His eyes narrowed and looked scary, so I said quickly, “I have no idea who would be shooting at me. If I knew I would gladly tell you or at least hint around to it, if not actually tell you,” I said raising a shoulder.
“Did you know there was a body inside the house?” he asked with a calm, even tone.
“What? No! I didn’t know that. How could I have known that? The door was locked! I couldn’t even see through the windows! Who was it? Was it a man or woman? How did he…she die?” I was not calm. I was flabbergasted. I hate it when my flab gets gasted. I held my hands to my head. I really should not have gotten flabbergasted. If I didn’t calm down my brain matter would be strewn all across the room.
“The owner of the house, Jason Tamereaux, must have come home and surprised a robber.” How can he be so calm? I was freezing and breaking out in a sweat.
“Did Mrs. Andreneaux give you a list of names?”
“Yes. Yes, she did,” I said with my own blank face. I think it was a blank face; I was still trying to breathe. I’m pretty sure it was far from blank. I sat with my head in my hands taking deep breaths and staring at the desk. I finally got myself together enough to say. “I know what you mean by not wanting to say Petunia. I mean, she’s a grown woman. It was probably cute when she was a child but now…I don’t know. Maybe she should go by Tunia or Tunie.”
We stared at each other for a while before he asked, “Well?”
“Oh, I don’t know, I think I like Tunie best.” His eyes narrowed, his face turned a dull red and he looked as if he were going to start calling me names. “Oh…you want the list. I don’t have it with me.” I gave him a closed mouth smile. My heart was beating like I had just run a three-minute mile. He could probably see it beat in my neck.
He shook his head closed his eyes and said, “Now I know why someone shot at you.”
I narrowed my eyes and growled, “Are you implying something? I think you’re implying I’m gunshotable. Don’t look at me like that’s not a word.”
Sgt. Kawasaki took a deep breath, let it out slowly, and asked, “Could I look in your purse?”
“Yep, you can even look in my truck.” I grinned not so innocently.
He dumped my purse on the table. Wallet, brush, breath mints, pony tail holders, library card, oh that’s where that is, old receipts, everything right there on the table. I’m glad it wasn’t that time of the month. It’s embarrassing when certain things go flying out of my purse. Everything was on the desk except Petunia’s list. And my .22. I smiled, shrugged my shoulders and asked, “Shall we take a walk out to my truck now? It needs to be cleaned out as well.”
“No. Can you wait until this is typed up so you can sign it before leaving? I’d hate for you to come all this way again,” he said with narrowed eyes. I don’t think he likes me. At least he didn’t throw me in jail with all the other flippant witnesses.
I smiled a real smile this time and said, “Gladly.”

Chapter Thirteen


My head felt much better, probably because I was able to take more pain medicine and was given a water bottle. I was so nervous I had felt like I was gonna throw up. And then the good times would definitely not have rolled.
I signed the papers and left the building. I had arrived at nine and it was now eleven, so I had time to talk to Cody and make it back to my office for lunch.
First I had to calm myself down—big time. I took several deep breaths and held the steering wheel so tight my knuckles turned white. The queasiness was subsiding so I let go with one hand so I could call Cody. While it was ringing, I laid my head against the steering wheel. I hope Sgt. K wasn’t watching.
“Hey, Chloe, is this your one phone call?” Cody asked, seemingly still in a good mood. Maybe not so much once I tell him about Jason. But then it won’t be his case. And I didn’t do it.
“No. Apparently, my flippancy wasn’t enough to get me arrested.” He laughed and I continued, “Quick question. Did you know Jason Tamereaux, the home owner, was found dead inside?”
He paused, and apparently moved the phone away from his mouth while telling Rick about the body. They talked a few seconds and then said soberly, “Where are you?”
“I’m about to leave the parking lot in Gardener.”
“Good, we have to finish up something but by the time you get here we’ll be back at the station. Come see me.” He stopped laughing. He had his cop voice.
I couldn’t stop thinking about the body in the house where I was almost blown to smithereens. How long ago was Jason Tamereaux killed? Did I have anything to do with the poor man losing his life? Please don’t let it be my fault. I had just started the case. Who knew I was on it? Well, a couple of people knew. But were they killers? What was on the painting that someone would kill over it? Wait, maybe it had nothing to do with the painting. Maybe there was an argument in the house. Maybe it was love gone bad. I should have been paying more attention to my driving. I had no idea if the light I drove through was red. No sirens or squealing breaks. I didn’t worry about it. I felt like I was going to throw up again. I pulled to the side and threw up. I wiped my mouth, closed my eyes a few seconds and tried to pull myself together. At least I didn’t have witnesses to that little episode although it was completely understandable. Yep, that’s what I told myself.

####

I showed my ID to the cop at the front desk who knew me but it was required and then walked up to the detective’s room. It was a large room with several desks sitting back to back with computers on each one. A large window on the back wall let light in, but it didn’t have much of a view unless you like looking at parking lots. Cody and Rick were at their respective desks across the room pounding on their computers talking to each other and making eye contact now and then. Behind them was Camilla Cooper, a fantastic cop with three children and a humdinger of a husband. He was a firefighter. How they managed to raise three children with their hours is beyond me but it worked for them. Her hair was short and corn rolled and I liked her a lot. Her smile was devious and could break even the most hardened low life. A few of the other desks were being used by uniformed police officers.
I had stood there looking around for a minute admiring all the camaraderie when someone came up from behind and goosed me. I flinched, smiled and said, “Hey, Rosy.” Leonard Rosenthal had thinning hair, was overweight, average height, very easy going and very married. His complexion was dark and looked mean as hell unless you knew him and then you knew he could be mean as hell.
“Damn, girl. Did you have a party last night? Why didn’t you invite me? I heard you had one hell of blast yesterday,” he said grinning.
“You weren’t there? Then who was that fine man in my apartment last night?”
Before he could answer, his partner, Richard Reed, pushed by us and sneered. “Damn, Chloe did you sleep in the bottle last night?” He was a man that was hot and knew it: tall, blond, blue eyes, a perfect nose and a very nice body. The kind of man who thought all women would be doing themselves a favor by sleeping with him. I of course, was doing all mankind a favor by not sleeping with him. Okay, not mankind, more like womankind. Someone had to stand up to the obnoxious buffoon. I had told Camilla if I ever lowered my standards and slept with him check and make sure I didn’t get hit on the head and had amnesia.
I cocked my head narrowed my eyes and said, “And you wonder why you can’t keep a woman longer than two and a half weeks. Words like that is enough to melt any woman’s heart.”
As I was walking to Cody’s desk, Richard called to me from his desk, “You have a heart?”
I gave Cody a hug and glanced at Rick and saw him clench his teeth. Cody had shaken his head at him so he wouldn’t answer Dick Weed. He and I had an ongoing dislike relationship. I pulled a chair next to Cody’s desk and propped my feet on Rick’s and said to the aversion across the room, “You know one of these days I’m gonna be in here when Lieutenant Anders yells from his office, ‘Dick Weed! In my office.’ And you’re gonna run across the room to his office.” I wiggled two fingers portraying him running across the room.
There were only the five detectives in the squad room at that time, everyone else was in the field, but the four that were there lost it. Cody and Camilla were wiping tears from their eyes while Rick and Rosy were just about falling out of their chairs. The uniformed officers in the room were laughing but were trying their career best to hide it. I had no career there so I grinned broadly. I glanced behind me to check if Lt. Anders was in his office and sure enough he was. He had his back to us with hands on his desk but his shoulders were shaking so I knew he was laughing too.
As soon as Cody caught his breath, he said to Rick, “That’s why I didn’t want you to say anything. Whenever they’re in the same vicinity, Reed dishes and Chloe clobbers.”
When Rosy was able to breathe again he said, “Chloe…” He shook his head and started laughing again.
“Thanks a lot, partner. I see you have my back.” Reed glared at Rosy. “Chloe honey,” he said slanting a glance to me, “you know you want me. If you didn’t you wouldn’t call me Dick all the time. That’s all you ever think about. Me and you.” He smirked.
I rolled my eyes and said, “Hey Camilla, let me tell you about my dream last night, well this morning just before waking up.” Camilla turned her chair around so she was sitting next to Rick, smiled and mumbled, “This’ll be good.”
“I woke up and sat up fast. My heart was racing, beating out of my chest,” I said with hand on my chest. “I was shaking and sweating profusely, I didn’t know where I was. I was so afraid. I started hyperventilating; I couldn’t get enough air into my lungs. After a few seconds I was fully awake and I realized.” I paused dramatically, grinned and said, “The man in my bed wasn’t Dick Weed, it was just a nightmare.”
Rick grinned broadly, maybe too broadly. Camilla and Rosy said at the same time, “Harsh, Chloe, harsh.” I glanced at Cody;, he was smiling but with an odd look on his face. I know he was thinking, ‘Who the hell was in your bed?’
Dick Weed verbalized the question, “Who was in your bed last night? You said the man in your bed wasn’t me. So who was it? Did you have a sleep over last night?” he sneered.
“It’s obvious I got trashed last night and I never drink alone. But unlike you, Dick Weed, I don’t kiss and tell. You might want to learn how to do that. You might get a lot more respect from women and keep them a whole month.” A woman officer from another desk snorted. She must have had firsthand experience with Dick’s mouth. I mean his bragging.
Cody was still looking at me with narrowed eyes while Rick was still grinning. Camilla turned around and got back to work and I shook my head and said, “I don’t have time for this. I have to get back to my office for lunch. My friends are eating with us today.” I glanced at Rick but said to Cody, “Why don’t ya’ll come by later and we can talk.”
“Yeah, we might do that,” Cody said nodding. “I have to talk to you about what happened in Gardener this morning and we have a meeting in a few minutes.”
I told them goodbye, and I’d see them later, and left. That didn’t accomplish anything but I did feel a whole lot better. Taking out frustration on Dick Weed was just what I needed. Seeing Rick grin at me when I talked about having a man in my bed didn’t hurt either. Maybe he will bring pizza tonight? I guess Cody didn’t scare him off enlightening him on some of my escapades. It had to be only some of them because not even Cody knew about all of them.

####

I arrived back at my office to see, Cheri, Felicia, Nona and Tammy sitting with feet propped up on the desk in the front office. The useless desk, the one no one ever uses because it’s just there for looks. Cheri was smiling broadly at me. With her long brown hair and light highlights, we could have been twins ourselves except she’s five feet four and I’m five eight. Felicia has long dark blond hair, with bright blond highlights, green eyes and is average height. Nona is on the short side and only reaches my chin, with brown eyes and short dark brown hair. If you didn’t know better you would think she was a pixie, but she has a temper. It’s the Irish-Mexican mix that’s coursing through her veins that gives Nona her unique personality. That’s why I love her. Last but not least is Tammy with bright blond hair, blue eyes, fair complexion and is the shyest of all of us. Someone has to keep us out of trouble.
“It’s about time you got here. You’re late,” Felicia said around a mouthful of deli sandwich.
“Yeah, I know, and I still don’t have anything to eat. I’ll be right back; otherwise I’ll have to eat Nona.”
 “And you would enjoy every minute of it,” Nona said, very cocky with her eyes closed.
I took off for the sandwich wrap shop at the end of the strip mall so I could get back to prop my feet up. They pulled a chair around to the front of the desk so my back was toward the door.
“You look like shit,” Nona said, shaking her head. “Who’d you drink with last night? You never drink alone.”
“Okay, that answers one question,” Tammy said, smiling. “You didn’t call anyone at this desk. Who did you call and do we know him?”
“What makes you think it was man?” I asked, rolling my eyes. “I mean, I do have other friends.”
“No one good enough to call to get drunk with after you almost get blown the hell up. You told me you wanted to be alone,” Nona said, with a touch of aggravation in her voice.
“She told all of us she wanted to be alone,” Felicia said, with a lot of aggravation in her voice.
I took a deep breath and said, “I did want to be alone. He wasn’t invited, he just showed up with no provocation on my part.”
“Okaay, so…it’s someone who knew about yesterday. Think ladies, who knew about yesterday besides us?” Tammy asked, thinking hard.
“The news mentioned something about it but no names were mentioned so it had to be someone in the know,” Nona said, also thinking a bit too hard.
Cheri, bless her heart, changed the subject. “Look at that cloud formation. What does it look like to you?”
The three women facing the door laughed. The glass wall on each side of the door had shades but was pulled open so the sky could easily be seen.
I turned to face the glass wall and contemplated on the cloud. A few seconds after they laughed I said, “Oh my,” and turned back to the desk.
“Took you long enough. How long did it take you about ten minutes?” Nona laughed.
“She needs a date. Oh wait, she had one last night didn’t she? And it still took her ten minutes?” Felicia said, laughing.
“It did not take me ten minutes to see Johnson and his boys in a cloud formation,” I said looking at them hard. “And I do not need a date.”
“Hi, Chloe,” came a man’s deep voice from behind me.
“Awe, no,” I said widening my eyes. “Cody’s not alone is he?” I asked with a pained look on my face.
“Nope,” they all said together, laughing.
“And you call yourselves my friends,” I mumbled. My back was to the door so they saw Cody and Rick walking in. They literally didn’t have my back on that one.
“Hey, Cody, is that your new partner?” Nona asked, grinning.
“Yeah, I’m Rick Thompson,” he said with a chuckle in his voice.
They all went around introducing themselves. My friends are pretty so I wonder which one of them he’s going to ask me to invite over for pizza tonight.
“Nice to meet ya’ll,” Rick said, walking over to stand beside me since I didn’t turn around to look at him. He looked at me grinned and asked, “You know, Chloe, if it took you ten minutes to recognize the cloud formation, I’d be glad to reacquaint you with…”
“It’s okay,” I cut in. “I don’t need to be reacquainted…”
“No. She doesn’t,” Cody cut in with a snarl.
“And it didn’t take ten minutes to…my back is toward the window. I had to turn around which made it seem to take longer. And why am I explaining myself?” I said, rolling my eyes.
“I don’t know,” Cody growled. “Let’s go in your office to talk.” With all the snarling and growling he’s doing, any minute he’s going to start to bark.
I narrowed my eyes at the giggling flirts and growled, “I hate ya’ll.”
I pulled my chair with me to my office but I didn’t have another for Cody and Rick. They looked around then sat with backs against the wall and their knees bent.
Cody shook his head and asked, “Do all women talk about sex like that or just you and your friends.”
“We all do,” I said with a blank face, avoiding Rick who was still smiling.
“What happened this morning?” he asked, dropping the smile.
I took a deep breath and said, “Not much. I just explained about my investigation. Sergeant Kawasaki asked me about my list and I told him I didn’t have it with me. The inconsiderate jackass dumped everything out of my purse.” The men smirked. “I told him he could look in my truck ‘cause it needed to be cleaned out as well.” I smirked back.
They shook their heads and rolled their eyes and Rick asked, “What did he tell you about the body?”
I shook my head, pursed my lips and said, “Not much. He just asked me if I knew there was a body inside. Shocked the hell out of me, I mean did he/she shoot him before I got there? Was he shot after he/she blew up the tank? Was this poor man being held at gun point?”
“All good questions,” Cody answered, “but we have no way of knowing that. I called Sergeant Kawasaki and forensics couldn’t pin-point the exact time. But he was killed approximately the time you were there. ”
“Was he killed because of me?” I asked with my head in my hands. I wanted to cry. I had been laughing before they arrived but talking about it made me imagine that poor man.
Rick got up leaned back against the desk beside me and pushed his fingers through my hair and said, “Don’t do this to yourself. It’s not your fault. You didn’t pull the trigger.”
I jerked my head up and looked at Cody. He was looking hard at Rick. I leaned back in my chair and said with a slight smile, “I know. Thanks. But now I feel as though I really have to find this painting. What is so damned important about it? It makes me think of fools gold. You know, pretty on the outside but it’s really worthless.”
“I don’t know, could be,” Cody said, pulling his eyes away from Rick. “But you’re right. If people are willing to kill for it, it should be found.”
“I think I’ll charge Petunia an aggravation fee,” I said making a face.
“Yeah, you do that. Mean while, we have to get back to work. This is our lunch.” Cody gracefully rose from the floor. How does he do that? We’re the same age but there’s no way I can get off the floor gracefully.
We walked down the hall and Rick casually said, “You know, I sure could go for some pizza tonight.”
Cody being oblivious stopped by the front desk turned to him and said, “So, eat pizza.” He then continued on to the door.
My friends were still at the desk getting ready to leave and widened their eyes at the mention of pizza. I wasn’t about to talk about it. What was he up to?
“Yeah,” he nodded as if he was thinking, pursed his lips glanced at me and said, “I’ll have to call later and find out what time this woman I’m interested in wants me to come over.” He had a crooked smile on his face as he walked to the door.
“Why are you so mysterious about this woman? Is she married?” Cody grinned.
“Single and pretty. We’re not ready to go public,” he grinned, winked at Cody, and then with a laugh said, “I’m making her weak with my charm.
They left talking about how men charm women and all four of my friend’s jaws dropped.
“Oh-my-God,” Nona said amazed, “that fabulous body is eating pizza with Chloe tonight.”
“That’s who she got shit faced with last night,” Felicia grinned. “He knew about the explosion, and Chloe looks like she’s ready to climb underneath the desk.”
“Yeah, but get this,” Cheri laughed. “She claims she didn’t have sex last night.”
“I didn’t,” I swore. “He stayed over because he thought I was a little bit jumpy after the explosion and all. When I woke up this morning, in all my trashed glory, he was in my bed because my couch wasn’t comfortable. Oh, and don’t tell Cody!”
Tammy made a face, nodded and said, “Yeah…that’s it. What she’s saying is that she didn’t sleep with him but actually slept with him.”
Nona and Tammy looked at their watches and Tammy said, “Man, I would love to hear about this but I have to go. Later gators.”
Felicia grinned and said, “Oh and Chloe? I and when I say I, I mean we, expect details of the pizza party.”
I rolled my eyes and walked to my office. Right. Everything that happens. I hope they drink lots of caffeine to keep them awake. Because nothing and I mean nothing was going to happen.

Chapter Fourteen


I retrieved my .22 and my list of prospective shooters out of my safe. I could still get some work done if I tried hard enough. In other words, get off my butt and actually work. It was only one, too early to go home. I decided I would try some of the more influential names on my list. Yeah, like they wouldn’t take a shot at me too. They’d probably have better guns with better sights. I started thinking. I wondered if it was someone not part of the family. Someone that’d heard about the painting from a family member. Well, that wouldn’t help me find the shooter. Pillow talk gone bad. If it was someone outside the family, I could find them but it would just take me more time. I had skills; all I had to do was use them. I mean, I’ve stayed alive this long. I’ve had some mad cheating spouses, but nothing I couldn’t handle. Ding! Could it be a mad cheating spouse? My last one wasn’t mad. How long can a spouse hold a grudge? I guess it depends how much alimony he or she is paying. No, my gut was telling me it was all about the painting.
The name on top of my list wasn’t familiar. This may come as shock but I don’t know all the influential people in Alexandria. Mauve LeMoine, a woman that could be a hundred and one years old, the way my luck has been going she’s probably twenty-five and married to a one hundred and one-year-old man. Mauve lived in a posh neighborhood; the homes were two stories and cost around eight hundred thousand dollars. The less expensive homes were five hundred thousand and the more expensive homes were a whole lot more than that. I’m not gonna be intimated, someone is shooting at me and it could be Mauve.
I walked up the front path where it split around a fountain and then went back together. Lots of azalea bushes around a couple of trees in the front yard. I rang the doorbell, which had to be the longest doorbell in all of mankind. I could have read a chapter of the book I’d been reading by the time it was through chiming.
The door was opened by a small Hispanic woman, with a wonderful smile. Good, if the help is friendly maybe Mauve will be too. Then again, maybe Mauve isn’t home but Mr. LeMoine is and that’s why the help is smiling.
“Hello, I’m Chloe Babineaux. Is Mrs. LeMoine home and could I speak to her if she’s available?”
She looked me up and down, invited me inside and I gave her my card. The smile didn’t leave her face but she was probably afraid I might steal the family silver if she left me too long. I never steal anything that doesn’t help me with an investigation and I didn’t think silver would help me. Make that borrow. I never borrow anything.
I was left in the foyer to spend time thinking about eating pizza when a tall gray-haired, blue eyed woman came sweeping into the room. Better to have gray hair and blue eyes than blue hair and gray eyes. Her sneer wasn’t warming my insides and I was starting to think I was wrong about Mauve being nice to her employees. Her employee was probably smiling because she was glad Mauve had someone else to harass.
Holding my card out, she growled, “Your card says you’re a private investigator. What are you investigating?” Evidently, the upper crust didn’t socialize with the lower crust.
I smiled my most persuasive smile and said, “I was hired to locate a missing painting that’s been in the Foyt family for years.” Do you have it and are you shooting at me?
She rolled her eyes and said with exasperation, “That old thing? It’s been missing for years. Why is that family still looking for it? I don’t think it’s worth anything.” That family? Isn’t she part of the family?
“No, it probably isn’t.” I refused to call her ma’am, she reminded me of my ninth grade general science teacher. She’d rolled her eyes and was exasperated when she talked to me as well. “The dollar amount isn’t what is important to my client. She wants to make sure it’s safe and not in a mildewed corner of a shed corroding,” I said with unblinking eye contact.
“Oh…well,” she said, looking questioningly. Ha, I can intimidate just as well, Mrs. Upper-crust. “I really don’t know anything about it. Of course I’ve heard of it. Everybody in the family has heard of it, but I don’t know where it is.” She admitted to being part of the family. She called for her door opener to walk me to the door. I told her to call me if she could think of anything. I wasn’t going to hold my breath.
I sat in my truck crossed her name off and huffed. The next name wasn’t that far away so I drove to it knowing full well she wasn’t going to tell me anything. Mauve might be on her phone now talking to the next person on my list, all the while standing over her maid making sure all signs of my being there was erased.
I turned my head to check for cars before pulling out and noticed a silver truck parked on the side of the road. It didn’t appear to have anyone in it or least driving my way so I pulled out onto the road.
Claudia Juneau, hmm, I had to think. Have I ever heard of this woman? No, I haven’t. Good. She’s never heard of me either, unless Mauve just called her.
Claudia lives in a house that was a smaller version of Mauve’s. While Mauve’s home cost eight hundred grand, Claudia’s only cost six hundred thousand. As I said earlier, Alexandria isn’t a huge Metropolis, in a bigger city like Las Angeles or New York we would be talking homes that cost one million.
Claudia had the same kind of bushes and front walk minus the fountain. They both had two large columns guarding the front door with four dormer windows upstairs. I walked up to the front door and rang the bell. Jeeze Louise, where do they find these chimes?
I was awakened from my nap by a young blond woman, this one didn’t look like the help and she didn’t have a nice smile.
I smiled anyway. I figured it couldn’t hurt. “Hello, I’m…”
“I know who you are. Mother already called me.” Ah, Mother. That explains the pleasant, easy going personality.
“Oh, okay…”
“I don’t know anything about some cheap painting,” she said, snarling at me. For someone who’s supposed to be so foo-foo, she hasn’t learned it’s impolite to not let someone finish a sentence.
I smiled sweetly handed her my card and said, “It’s been so nice chatting with you.” I turned and walked back to my nice big red-neck truck. I could so imagine her shooting at me. More importantly, I could so see myself shooting her.
I sat in my truck looking at my list, picked out my next address, turned to Claudia and yelled ‘Bite me!’ Yeah, I know, my window was rolled up and she was already in the house calling Mother, so she couldn’t hear me, but it made me feel better. Especially if she was looking at the window and saw me wave at her, minus four fingers.
I hit two more houses that didn’t cost as much as the first two homes I went to. The homeowners were nicer than the first two amiable women on my list, but they didn’t know anything either so, I didn’t tell them to bite me.
At three o’clock I was tired of having doors shut in my face so I went to my parents’ house. My mother usually doesn’t fuss at me until after I’ve been there for awhile.
I had stopped by my apartment to pick up dirty clothes to wash while I visited. She expects it from me. I don’t ask her to wash, so she doesn’t mind. At least she says she doesn’t mind. Can she be lying to me? Probably, but we lie to each other, so it’s all good.

Chapter Fifteen


My parents’ door was locked so I rang the doorbell. A normal doorbell. Ding dong, that’s it.
My mother looked at me funny and asked, “Why did you go to the front door? You always come in from the carport.”
“I know,” I said, putting down my basket and taking off my jacket. “But I’ve been hanging out with the superior crowd ringing doorbells and I just wanted to hear a normal chime.”
“You have such a strange life,” she said, shaking her head.
I shrugged my shoulders, picked up my basket and walked to the washing machine. After loading and starting the machine, I found my mother in the living room reading the paper.
“A woman I went to high school with died,” she said shaking her head, “I wonder if I should go to the funeral.” She looked up and asked, “What do think?”
“If you haven’t seen her since high school, don’t go and don’t ask me to go with you,” I said glaring. I paused then added, “The last time you asked me to go to one of your old school chum’s funerals you tried to set me up with his son. His son, Mama. The man’s father had just died and you’re trying to arrange a date so I could console him.”
“He was a doctor,” she said with a straight face.
I took a deep breath and let it out noisily. “Quit reading the obits and read this,” I said taking the obituaries away and giving her the comics.
“I wasn’t through with those,” she said, taking them back.
I could have played tug of war with her but it wasn’t worth it, because I wasn’t going to any more vaguely familiar acquaintance’s funerals.
We sat ignoring each other for a few minutes and then she asked, “Do you want to eat supper with us tonight?”
Okay, I can’t tell her I have plans, she’ll ask me with whom? ‘Cody’s partner, have you met him? Oh, by the way when you tell Cody make sure he comes by my apartment with a machete. It’ll give me something to do tomorrow like clean blood and body parts off the wall.’
“Thanks, but I can’t. Friends and I are getting together.” It’s a total lie. A friend and I are getting together. Come to think about it, friend may be stretching the truth as well.
“Who? The girls you usually hang out with? All of you need to get more serious about settling down.”
“Believe me; we all want to settle down. Getting a dog, getting married, having one or two kids, of course a boy and a girl are all we ever talk about. Or is that two dogs and one kid?”
“But…”
“Uhhh…you said settle. Do you want me to settle?” I asked. “Why do you think we serial date?” I cock my head and said, “We’re looking for the right man. And I mean man, not boy, not mama’s boy, not Mr. Macho. Someone who will treat us like we’re the only woman in the world. Someone who wants to be with us when we’re old and gray as much as they want to be with us now.”
She looked at me a little sad and said, “No, don’t settle. Don’t ever settle.” She hesitated smiled and said, “I didn’t.”
I gave her a big hug and said, “I know you and Daddy didn’t. I don’t care what Me Maw Couvie says.” I laughed and she slapped my arm. My mother’s mother likes to joke about trying her best to break up my parents before they married. The truth is she’s always kind of, sort of liked my father. She likes to say, ‘is any man good enough for her daughters?’
 “You’ve met Cody’s new partner. What do you think about him?” she asked going back to her newspaper.
‘Oh, him? He slept in my bed last night.’ “He’s alright. They seem to get along,” I said casually. Oh God, she’s my mother, she can read my mind. If she looks up remember to make eye contact.
“Good, I hope he watches Cody’s back.” She looked up from her paper and asked, “Is that how you say it?”
“Yep, very hip Mama. And I’m sure he has Cody’s back.” I smiled. Change the subject quick. “Have you heard from any of your siblings?” Perfect she’ll talk about them and their kids and switch to Daddy’s side of the family until it’s time for me to leave. At least I remembered to make eye contact.
It was five thirty by the time my clothes were finished washing and drying; Daddy called and said he would be late. Of course he’d be late, he’s always late. He rarely comes home before six thirty so why should today be any different? I was standing by the phone when it rang so I answered it and gave my mother the message.

####

I was on my way to my apartment when my cell phone rang. Rick. I had been waiting for his call and now I felt nervous. Why should I be nervous? We aren’t dating. That’s why I’m nervous.
“I’m going home to change before coming over. I spent the night with a woman last night, so I’ve been wearing the same clothes for two days,” he said in a detached way, like I didn’t know.
I can do this, “She sounds like a slut. Did she block the door so you couldn’t go home last night?”
“Yeah, she is. But that’s okay. I like sluts.”
“Jackass, if you like sluts…wait a minute. Why should I care if you like sluts? We-are-not-dating,” I said emphasizing each word.
“Okay babe, we aren’t dating. I’ll be at your apartment about seven.” He hesitated, took a deep breath, and added. “Cody asked about the woman I was seeing tonight so I’ll park closer to Cheri’s apartment in case he takes the kids out for ice-cream tonight.”
“Sounds good.” Uh-oh. “What’d you tell him?”
“I told him I didn’t want him to know because it was someone I haven’t known for long and I wanted to get to know her better.”
“Uh-huh, he said you were full of shit didn’t he?” I said dryly.
He laughed and said, “Yeah he did. See you soon.”
I went home and took a shower. I reapplied make-up and thought I looked better than I did this morning. I looked in the mirror and said to myself, “Yeah, you aren’t dating. So why do you care what you look like?”
By the time I had showered, put my laundry away and emptied the dish washer it was almost seven. I watched TV waiting for Rick.
Nona called me, giggling, and asked, “What time does the pizza party start. Are you gonna give a big tip?”
“Bite me,” I said dryly.
“Nope. That’s pizza man’s job.” She laughed.
I had the same conversation with Tammy, Cheri and Felicia. Cheri told me not to hold a gun on him. I told her what she could do with my gun.
I was still on the phone with Felicia when my doorbell rang. I opened the door and Rick was standing there with a pizza, smiling. My stomach flipped like it does when you have a first date with a man. You know what he looks like because it’s not a blind date but you wonder if he’s still the guy you met and agreed to the date in the first place. Sometimes a man can change from a really nice guy to a knuckle dragger in just a few hours.
I answered the door still talking on the phone. “Felicia, I have to go. My pizza has just arrived and I have to pay the delivery guy.” I grinned at Rick.
“Are you gonna give him a tip?” she asked.
“No, not a monetary tip. I will tell him not to spit in the wind, and don’t pull on Super Man’s cape.” I backed up so he could come inside with the pizza and soda. No beer, so I guess seeing me drunk once was enough for him.
“You know,” she said, secretive, “you’d get faster delivery if you sleep with the delivery man.”
“Is that why you get pizza delivered in ten minutes or less?” I asked.
“No. My pizza deliverer is usually a girl or a sixteen-year-old,” she said, disappointed.
“Oh…sorry to hear that,” I said sadly. Then I cheered up and said, “But on the bright side my pizza deliverer isn’t sixteen. Sooo…okay bye.”
“Bye, don’t do anything I wouldn’t do.” She laughed.
“Whoa…that gives me so many options,” I said astonished.
We laughed again and hung up.
Rick had been opening up cabinets looking for glasses and paper plates. I really didn’t know if I liked the way he was making himself at home. I don’t go through men’s cabinets. Okay, I do but that’s neither here nor there and usually when they don’t know about it. He had changed into jeans, green Mossy Oak T-shirt and tennis shoes. He looked really good in jeans that fit just right and T-shirts that left nothing to my imagination. I’m glad I had on jeans and didn’t change into sweat pants. I had thought about it, but decided to dress like I was actually leaving the house and would be seen by other people. You know as well as I do women dress for other women and not men. Women check each other out. You know, saying things like, ‘I would never wear those shoes with that dress.’ Or ‘Does she own a mirror?’ Yes, we like to look good for men too, but we have to dress in a way that will make other women say, ‘She looks good, he’ll probably stay with her.’
We sat down at the table and I asked, “Well, honey, how was your day? Mine pretty much sucked.”
He laughed and said, “Well, it could have been better. I have hopes for a better evening.”
I held up my Sprite glass and said smiling, “Here’s to hoping.”
We bumped glasses drank and ate pizza. The TV was still on and we watched a game show. We chit chatted about my bust, no not my boobs, the non-informative interviews.
“It sounds like you’re getting nowhere with interviewing relatives,” he said between bites.
“I know,” I said shaking my head. “I’m gonna have to come up with something else. But until then I’m gonna stick with the interviews. Well, I did check out pawn shops but Petunia had already gone, so why go twice?” He nodded his head in agreement taking a big bite of pizza.
We finished our pizza but stayed at the table. He crossed his arms and stretched out his long legs and asked, “Do you like kids?”
Where did that come from? Did he have a…? “Why, do you have a kid?” I can’t believe it. He’s a father. Was he married? No, he’s divorced. Has he ever been married? Just because he’s never been married doesn’t mean he doesn’t have kids.
He grinned and said, “No, I don’t have a kid. I just wanted to know if you liked kids. Have you thought about having any?” Oh no. Is he asking me to have his children? This is going way to fast. We aren’t even dating so how can I have his kids?
“Fleetingly. Then I’m around children and change my mind. All those runny noses and shitty diapers gross me out.” There, now whatdoya say about that. I just said I didn’t want to have your children, Super Dad. I jerked my head toward him and asked, “Have you ever been married?”
He shook his head, pursed his lips and said, “Nah, never wanted to. You know, with my job I was always gone.” He looked off in the distance like he was thinking and then said, “Yeah, that’s what my brothers say. They can’t stand to see kids with nasty bugger noses, but with their own kids they just rip out a handkerchief or Kleenex and wipe.” He laughed and shook his head. “Do you think all parents are like that?”
“How the hell should I know?” I answered blandly.
“Okay, tell me this, sugar buns,” he asked, trying not to smile. “What would you do if you got pregnant?”
“I’m not getting pregnant because I’m not having sex with anyone.” I paused and then added, “Ever.”
“Ever?” he asked laughing.
“Okay, how about this,” I said shaking my head. Unbelievable. “If I get pregnant, on an off chance that I should have sex, I’ll deal with it.” I raised my eyebrows, made a face and added, “Although, I might have to bring the baby with me while working.” He laughed again. I was not trying to make jokes. I try not to think about having children. “Hmmm…maybe I should only take jobs where I can work days. Do you think that’s possible?”
“I don’t know. So, you stay working as a private investigator?” he asked, grinning.
“Why are you laughing at me? You’d continue working bad hours, wouldn’t you?” I narrowed my eyes and asked, “What’s with all the questions? Do you always ask the women you’re not dating these personal questions about children? Do you have a list of questions she has to pass?”
“Yes, I have a list of questions for all the women I’m not considering dating. If they don’t pass, I don’t bring them pizza,” he said rolling his eyes. “Why do you always turn things into an argument?”
“I like to argue. Didn’t Cody tell you that? I’m very good at it. Maybe I don’t know what I’d do if I got pregnant. I happen to want kids. I just don’t know if I can be a good…or even…look, if I do have a baby I’ll…cross that bridge when I get to it. Because at the rate I’m going, I’ll be buying sexy underwear and joining the nunnery.”
He looked at me and laughed. He was probably thinking about sexy underwear; I don’t think convents would make him grin like that. I narrowed my eyes and said, “I do expect equal help from my husband. I do not change all diapers and I do not clean up all the barf. And I do not expect the father of my children to ever call it babysitting when he’s staying home with his children. Jeeze, I hate when men do that.” I rolled my eyes. “I mean, how do you babysit your own children? Women don’t call it babysitting.”
“Whoa…okay, I didn’t mean to start a war. I was just asking how you felt about kids.” He smiled and said, “I feel the same way you do about men saying they babysit. And I’m sure you could work during the day more often. I’m sure you work during the day a lot, don’t you?” He asked it without it being a question. So I only nodded. I do work most days. Cheating spouses find it easier to get away from work than home. Sometimes. But why was he asking me about children?
I narrowed my eyes and said, “You didn’t answer my question. Why all the questions about children?”
He shrugged and answered while standing up, “No reason. We picked up a woman today with two kids and all she did was complain about having to take care of them.” He shook his head and added, “It just made me think about how hard it is to raise children.” Oh okay, I guess that makes sense.
We cleaned up the mess and sat in the living room to watch TV. My recliner is one of those big-ass recliners. The kind that makes it easier for one large person to sit, one smaller person to curl up in or for two people to sit in, as long the two don’t weigh two hundred pounds each. Rick was sitting in the recliner and I was going to sit on the couch when he caught my hand and pulled me toward him. Yeah, like I really fought him to sit on the couch. I might have hated him and we weren’t dating but it didn’t hurt to sit by him.
He put his arm around me and I asked, “Why didn’t you bring beer? Seeing me drunk last night was enough for you?”
“No,” he answered on a laugh. “I’m on call and you have beer left from last night in your refrigerator. You can drink it even if I can’t.”
“No, I’m good. I’m still trying to recover from last night.” I raised my head and asked him, “Why’d you let me drink so much?”
“I thought I might get lucky.” He grinned.
I grimaced and thought, ‘I bet you did. You were just shit outta luck last night weren’t you pal?’ “Don’t military gurus say they don’t believe in luck? They believe in skill.” I smiled a tight smile.
“Yeah, but sometimes it’s good just to be lucky.” He grinned back.
I shook my head, and then asked, “Speaking of the Navy, why’d you leave? The Navy, I mean.”
He didn’t answer but sat completely still. He was barely breathing. I don’t know if he was thinking about what to tell me or he thought if he was quiet long enough I would think he had fallen asleep and wouldn’t press him for an answer.
He really doesn’t know me that well. I’m impatient, I don’t wait well. “Hello? Are you thinking of an answer I would believe or how to tell me?” I paused, “You don’t have to tell me everything, just some of the basics. Like, I had heard about this fantastic chick in Alexandria that I really had to meet. I’m not gonna date her, just meet her and get on her last nerve.”
He chuckled but still didn’t answer me. “My goodness was it so awful…that’s it isn’t it? It was awful wasn’t it? The scars…you were captured. Oh my God.” I leaned over and looked at him. His eyes were dark and hard and his face was emotionless, his mouth tight. I held his face in my hands and kissed him and whispered, “You don’t have to say anything. I won’t ask again. I’m sorry.” Did I just kiss him?
He waited a long time, probably couldn’t believe I just kissed him and said without emotion, “Yes, I was captured.” He paused. “I was held for…one month before my team could get me out. The psychologists thought it would be better if I left with a medical discharge.” What do you say to that? I’m sorry doesn’t seem to cut it. So, I didn’t say anything. We held each other and watched TV. I said it anyway.
During a commercial break I said, “Thanks for telling me.” I paused and then added, “I bet you haven’t watched so much TV in your life.”
“Nope, I kind of like it though.” He didn’t say anything more about being captured.
“You must think being a cop in Rapides Parish is boring after being a SEAL,” I said not really wanting the answer. Did I really want to hear that being a deputy in Rapides Parish was one step up from watching grass grow while being a SEAL was what he really wanted to do?
“I like it here,” he said, “I’m from here. I have friends and family here. And I like being a cop.” He paused and said, “I have a question for you. Why do you say you hate me and Cody but you really dislike Reed?”
“That’s easy,” I said while shrugging my shoulders, “Hate and love are passionate words. And I have absolutely no passion for Dick Weed. The man makes my skin crawl. There was a time when I considered going out with him. I mean, the man is all that and then some, but he has no scruples. Dating to him is all about sex. He dated a few of the women I know in the department and bragged about it.” I shook my head and added, “That ain’t right.”
“That’s so messed up.” He shook his head and then added, “No, what he did was wrong.” He bent his head, kissed me. “You should never let a woman know you talked about her.” So I elbowed him.

####

We must have fallen asleep because we woke to the phone ringing. Jeeze, this is the second time I’ve slept with Rick. Is this becoming a habit? I said no sex; I didn’t say anything about not sleeping. We had both jerked awake when the phone rang and I heard cursing just under his breath.
Dang, it was five thirty in the freaking morning. I made my way to the phone and answered, groggily, “Hello.”
“Is my partner there?” Cody didn’t sound happy. He did sound sleepy.
“What makes you think your partner would be here?” I asked. “If he’s not answering, call him on his cell phone. It’s five friggin’ thirty in the morning! Did you call to wake me up because if you’re awake then I should be awake?” My voice was rising as I woke up realizing he thought Rick and I were sleeping together. We were. Just not having sex. Where’s the fun in that? Get my head together.
“I take it he’s not there?” he asked blandly.
“Think about it, Cody, if he was here would I tell you? You know we might be twins, but I don’t get a tingly feeling every time you and Morgan get it on. My God, if I did, there would have been a time when I would have been just one big tingle.” He laughed and I asked, “Did you feel a tingle last night?”
“No,” he laughed, “Okay, I’ll call him on his cell phone.”
“You called his house phone first, just to see if he was at home didn’t you?”
“Yep.”
I hung up, and then turned to look at Rick, who was grinning. “Tingle? Did you ask him if he felt a tingle last night? I was here babe; he wouldn’t have felt a tingle. Maybe a tickle but not a tingle.”
“Yeah, well, your phone’s about to ring.” On cue it rang and to give him credit he did make it sound like he had been asleep.
“It’s a good thing he knew I had a date last night. I don’t have to worry about comments about my wearing jeans and not being home.” He grinned.
He walked to the bathroom, took care of business kissed me and said, “The next time I sleep with you, you won’t have clothes on.” He grinned and kissed me goodbye.
I stood there by the door leaning against it after locking it, thinking. What am I doing? I can’t let this go on. I’m really starting to not hate him. It isn’t like I want to hate him; I just didn’t want to like him. Oh Lord, Cody’s going to freak. He will find out. It’s just a matter of time before I jump Rick. I just hope Cody isn’t anywhere near the vicinity at the time. I’ll make Rick mad, I’m good at that and then he won’t want to come back. It’s worked in the past. I can make men not want to come back without even trying. It’s a talent I’ve exploited, and now I can do it without even noticing I’m doing it.
I walked to the kitchen to make coffee because I wasn’t going to get anymore sleep. I glanced down at the coffee table. Awe no! He left his wallet. His badge and gun was gone, but no he had to leave his wallet. What am I gonna do now? Walk up to him and say, ‘Rick, hon, you forgot your wallet on my coffee table last night. You are such a silly man.’ Yeah, that’s gonna happen. And maybe it’s gonna snow today. This is Louisiana; it’s a rare day that it snows, even in January.
Maybe I could call him, find out where he is and ask him to roll down the window of his truck and I’ll toss it through. No, that’s not going to work either. I can’t aim that well. Think, think, what am I going to do?
I really shouldn’t look inside either. I mean, a man’s wallet is his sanctuary, like a woman’s purse. I wouldn’t like it if he went through my purse. Of course I opened it; I’m nothing if not nosy. Two credit cards, a bank card and ten dollars in cash, it’s kind of sad not even a…oh here it is, a little foil package, no, two little foil packages. He’s thinking positive. That’s a SEAL for you, always prepared. Or is that the Boy Scouts’ motto? Dang it! I’m gonna have to call him so he’ll know it’s not lost. I wonder what his credit card limit is. I could have fun before giving it back. Yeah, that’s what I should do, and then he’ll be so mad he won’t want to see me again. Yeah, and have me arrested too. Unfortunately, no man is worth me going to jail and become Big Bertha’s bitch.
I won’t call. I’ll wait till he notices it’s missing so he’ll have to call me. Cody won’t be around to overhear our conversation and no one will get hurt. Namely me. Cody and I have this bond, I strike out at him and he puts me in a head lock. Brotherly love, gotta love it. Okay, truth is he hasn’t done that since middle school, so maybe he won’t do it now. No, but we have our ways with each other. He’d tell Mama.
I called. His number was still in my caller ID in cell phone. “Rick, I know you can’t talk but you left your wallet on the coffee table.”
“No, it’s okay I walked off and told him I had to take this. You miss me?”
“No, I don’t. How are you gonna get your wallet back?” I asked dryly. I told you I knew how to piss a man off.
“Well gosh; I liked seeing you last night too, pumpkin. The only thing that would have made it better was sex. Is that your problem? We didn’t have sex? I can help with that.” He was annoyed. I can work with that.
“Yeah, I need sex, hot wild monkey sex. Do you know anyone I can call
He didn’t answer and was quiet for so long, I thought he might have disconnected. “Are you there?”
“Yeah,” he said in a deep bass voice.
“I’ll leave it in your desk. I’ll make the excuse I have to leave Cody a note and while looking for paper I’ll leave it in your desk.”
Before he answered I could hear Cody ask if everything was okay. Rick pulled the phone away and answered him, “Yeah, women. If you beat them you’ll go to jail.” I could hear Cody and the other men laughing in the back ground. He put the phone back to his mouth and said, “Do that, leave it in my desk.” He disconnected before I could respond with something poetic by calling him a jackass. I guess truth be told, I’m the jackass. I gave him no inclination I was going to act this way. What can I say? I’m spontaneous.
Okay, now I made him mad. Did I feel good about that? Of course not. Did I want him to take a good long look at what he was getting himself into? Of course not. I just hate getting hurt, so it’s better to end it before it ever begins. Jeeze, ya think that’s why I’m not married? If I asked Cheri, do you know what she would say? ‘Well gee, ya think?’
I made coffee, took a shower, ate breakfast and drove to the Rapides Parish Sheriff’s Department. No one even looked at me sideways when I said I had to leave a note for Cody. I made a big show of not being able to find paper to write on. I went to Rick’s desk and left his wallet. Done, now he could buy lunch.
It’s only seven thirty, way too early to wake up people asking them if they know anything about a painting and them telling me no. I drove to my office, wrote up my report and watched Good Morning America with my feet propped up on my desk. At nine, I woke up to Cheri banging on my desk.
“What time did you come in?” she asked me with an arm full of files.
“I don’t know, seven thirty, something like that,” I said yawning. “Did you have to wake me? I was having a fierce dream about that guy on that show…oh hell, never mind I can’t remember what show he’s on and what guy I was dreaming about.” I stood up and stretched.
“How’d the pizza party go last night?” she asked grinning.
“Good, until this morning.”
“What happened? Oh no, tell me what happened. You slept with him? He couldn’t…? Oh crap, just tell me,” she begged.
“I did sleep with him. Just sleep. We fell asleep in the recliner.”
“Is that why you’re mad?” she asked. “Because nothing happened? All you did was sleep?” She started grinning.
“No, Miss I Can’t Believe You Don’t Have Sex As Often As I Do, that’s not the problem,” I snapped and shook my head. “The problem is that he’s Cody’s partner. I can’t do anything to disrupt that. Partners don’t date sisters because if they break up it can be very uncomfortable and dangerous for both of them.”
“You can’t…”
I talked over her, “Don’t tell me I should keep seeing him. I’m very good at running men off. It’s complicated. I just think it’s better if we don’t see each other.” I walked out my office and into the bathroom.
I grabbed my purse and list of names and left the office with Cheri shaking her head at me. I heard her on the phone with a client so I knew she would be busy and not try to call me.

Chapter Sixteen


I sat in my truck to think about where to go next. I tried talking to people with little money. No luck. I tried talking to people with lots of money. No luck. Now maybe I’ll try the middle class people. I had already tried a few of those but I’ll try them again. I can’t be told ‘no’ any more rudely by any of them as I have from the others.
My phone rang. Great, Rick. I was wondering if he was gonna call me. Maybe I shouldn’t answer it. Make him leave me a message. Yeah, I can just hear it, ‘What’s your problem, sugar buns?’ Yeah, that’s what he would call me, sugar buns.
So I answered, “Hello?” Perfectly innocent. I don’t know what you mean by asking me what my problem is. I’m not even gonna cry. I don’t know you well enough to cry.
“Did I do something?” Okay, I didn’t see that coming. I do annoyed, not nice.
“No, you didn’t. Just think about who your partner is. My brother, no… my twin brother, I’m not gonna hurt him. I would rather hurt myself first.”
“Clearly, you don’t care who you hurt,” he said with an exasperation laugh. He’s annoyed again, I can work with that.
“You don’t know me well enough to be hurt. I’d kill or be killed before I hurt the ones I love. I’ve got work to do,” I said infuriated and disconnected. I laid my head on my arms over the steering wheel thinking, ‘Well that’s just great. Now I’m gonna go house to house in a foul mood. Maybe someone will shoot at me again and give me a good excuse to shoot back.’ I just told him I didn’t care about him. I started crying. I don’t fall in love over night. That’s just plain dumb.
I wiped my eyes, lifted my head and was thinking about what just happened and what day it was. What difference did it make what day it was? Absolutely none. So I thought about it until it finally hit me. It’s Thursday. Okay, I’ve been on this case since…when Monday? No, it couldn’t be. It felt like I had been working this case for at least a month. Okay, maybe more like a week, not four days. I’ve been shot at, started dating…no not dating, just sort of seeing someone and broke it off with him before it evolved into something, in four days. I did get a lot accomplished this week. No, wait, the week isn’t over there’s still more to come. I can’t wait. Let’s not forget the cheating spouse case, which turned out not to be a cheating spouse case, so something good did happen this week.
I went to the fifth house on my list. It was a nice house, not quite the eight hundred grand hovels I saw yesterday, but nice. It had to be a three-bedroom, two-baths number. This house actually had a garage and not a carport, which means I couldn’t see if anyone was home.
I made sure I had cards in my jacket pocket and opened my door when my phone rang again. Please not Rick again. I looked, no thank goodness, it’s Cheri.
“Hey, can you talk a minute?” She knows I have work to do and people to piss off. Why is she asking me questions? Good question, I think I’ll ask her.
“You know I have work to do and people to piss off. You just want to know what happened to my normally upbeat attitude.”
“Yes, because you’re usually such a delight to be around. The jubilation you convey brings such elation and ecstasy to all those who are in the mere proximity of you,” she said with gladness in her heart.
“Be glad you’re on the other end of this phone, bitch, or I’d throttle you.”
“That’s the Chloe I know and love,” she said on a laugh. “Now, tell me what’s with all the hostility?”
“I’m not hostile!” I yelled. “Okay, maybe a little.”
“Ya think?” Obliviously, she was a tad tired of me.
I took several deep breaths to calm down and said, “Cheri, can we talk about it at lunch? I have several houses to visit today and if I’m lucky I can let out my frustration on them.”
“Yeah, no problem, I’ll be here.”
I said bye, disconnected and it rang again. Dang, I’ll never get any work done. That’s okay; I’ll sit here, talk on the phone and hang up on people then go home and go to bed. It’s Cody. Now what?
“Cody! Don’t you have work to do? I have work to do. I have people to piss off. That’s what I get paid to do. Piss people off. Now what do you want?”
“Who stuck a stick up your butt?” he asked, annoyed.
“Nobody stuck a stick up my butt. Why would you even ask such a thing? The next thing you’re gonna ask is who ran over my dog?” Before he could answer I added, “I’m a woman. Why would you talk to a woman like that?”
“Because you’re my sister and I can. And you don’t have a dog, so why would I ask who ran over your dog? Now maybe who threw your tea away Miss I Can’t Live Without My Tea.”
“Is there a reason you called or the jubilation I convey puts joy in your heart?” I asked as sarcastic as I could.
“Yeah, that’s it. Jubilation and joy in my heart.” I could see him shaking his head, “I wanted to tell you I was sorry I woke you this morning. Jeeze, did you get any sleep last night?”
“I accept your apology. And what I did last night is really none of your business. You make it sound like I have a life. Which I don’t!” I added for good measure.
“You need a life. I know you enjoy living vicariously through mine, but you need your own,” he said seriously.
“Yeah, Cody, I’m jealous. You get to race home to your children’s nasty, gut repellant, eye tearing diapers and I don’t,” I said harshly. His kids were actually tool old for diapers but that was beside the point.
“Oh, okay…well, maybe you should change more diapers or any diaper; you’d get over that hankerin’.”
I laughed and said, “Thanks Cody, I needed that, but I really have to go.”
“Okay, be careful.” He cared even if he was a mule-headed jackass. Okay, that didn’t make since even for me. I have to get out of this truck before I start analyzing my sibling relationship. I have issues. I need therapy.
I walked up to the house feeling like I could kick down the door in if no one answered and search the house myself. I’d get caught kicking the front door in so I’d go around back and break in. Yeah, then the alarm would go off and Cody and Rick would arrest me. Okay, now I’m picturing Rick placing me in handcuffs.
I need a new job. But what other job could I get where I can work my own hours like this? I would have been fired a long time ago with any other job. I learned a long time ago on job applications when asked reason for leaving to put something like, more money or I moved. You know, like when I was going to college in Baton Rouge, I had to move when I graduated. I couldn’t write quit before I was fired.
I walked up to the door, rang the bell and oh, crap…I forgot her name. A woman with the tightest sweat pants and shirt that I had ever seen opened the door. I always wore mine loose for comfort but, dang, hers must have been loose around thirty pounds ago. Every bulge and cellulite bump was making themselves known through those pants. Does she own a mirror or was she in denial? It was like a car accident, you don’t want to look but you just can’t help yourself.
I smiled and said, “Hello,” I stuck my hand out to shake. “You’re part of the Foyt family aren’t you?” Yeah, good cover.
“Yes, I am. How can I help you?” At least she was friendly. I wonder if it’s because she felt woozy from lack of oxygen getting to her brain.
Big smile. “I was hired to locate a painting that’s missing for…well a long, long time that was originally in the Foyt family.”
She was shaking her head. Not good. She took a deep breath and said, “I don’t know anything about that painting. I have never seen it. I don’t really know what it’s a painting of or if it really exists.”
“I heard it was a painting of a house,” I said trying to jog her memory.
“Yes, I’ve heard that. I’ve also heard it was a painting of a naked woman, and then there was the one about a naked man. And there was also the rumor it was of a naked woman and man. The list goes on. Frankly, I don’t care to see…well I guess truth be told, it all depends on what the man looks like, now doesn’t it?” She laughed.
I laughed too. “Yes, it does. Thank you for talking to me. Here’s my card. If you think of anything more call me.” She waved and I smiled and walked back to my truck.
I sat in my truck and took notes. I found her name and crossed it out. Tina Todd turned out to be very nice but not full of information.
Could it be black mail? Is that why the painting is hidden? Does Petunia want to black mail someone to pay for her children’s college education? It couldn’t be that important any longer. I mean, this thing was painted at least one hundred years ago. What difference would it make now? If there was a naked painting of me and it showed up one hundred years in the future, I’d probably want to hang it over my couch. Look, this is a painting of me pre-sags. But wait, Petunia and her mother said it was a painting of a house. Well, her mother didn’t actually say it, she wrote it, same thing, she communicated with me. They could be lying. Do nuns lie? She probably would to protect her daughter. My feeling, though, tells me it isn’t of naked people. Even if it was, would I want to see it? My luck it would a couple of plump bodies, her full frontal, and him...well we know it’s only women that’s full frontal, the men hide themselves. But if he’s overweight, I would rather him have some coverage. I have to get my head together this is getting me nowhere.
I hit a few more houses. Some of the people were home, most were at work.
I called Cheri, “Hey, I’m not gonna make it for lunch.”
“I didn’t think you would so I made plans with Brent,” she said a bit too dryly.
“I’m clear across town and don’t want to drive all the way to the office and back again. Gas prices are too high,” I said rolling my eyes.
“Yeah, thought there was a good reason. It’s not like you don’t charge your clients for mileage.” I could see her rolling her eyes.
“Yeah, well, somebody has to pay for my gas. Think about it. I’m driving a truck; everyone knows a truck doesn’t get good gas mileage as say a…Mini Cooper.”
She laughed and said, “I love your rationalizations on why you do the things you do.”
“You oughtta write a song. Talk to you later.” We said bye and I drove to a Subway. I wasn’t in the mood to listen to Cheri’s rationalizations on why I should actually go on a first date with Rick. The only person I wanted to invite to this pity party was me.
Thank goodness no one was wearing little green berets when I walked in. I sat thinking about the homes I had gone to. No one knew anything about the painting. I asked if they knew what the painting was of. It varied, from a house to naked people. I was going to the homes of the people that weren’t home later on this afternoon. No, more like early evening when people came home from work.
A couple of Alexandria’s finest came in and sat down at a table next to me but I didn’t know them. It’s not like I know every cop in Alexandria. Two Rapides Parish Sheriff Deputies came in and sat with them. Well, I feel safe now. Okay, time to stop being so cynical. Dang! I can’t help it.
This is ridiculous. I’m going home to take a nap. I worked hard today, I deserve it. I left the booth and threw away my trash. I walked back to the soda dispenser and refilled my glass before leaving. I wasn’t paying that much attention to my surroundings because I was looking forward to my nap. I love sleeping, eating and talking. I can sleep and talk and I can eat and talk and since I just ate, the next best thing is sleeping. As I said, I wasn’t paying attention to my surroundings, when a small girl walked in front of me squealing. I stopped short, tripped over her and landed in the city cop’s lap.
I sputtered and tried to get up, somehow still holding onto my drink. Of course they were laughing, especially the one holding me on his lap. I don’t think he was really holding me; it was more like please stop squirming.
“I’m so sorry. I tripped over the little girl.” I was talking fast and was very self-conscious. I was sitting on a cop’s lap for crissakes!
“What little girl?” one of his friends asked.
“Yeah, no, I didn’t see a little girl,” said another.
I turned to the blind one and said, “And you call yourself a police officer? You’re not very observant are you?”
“He may not be but I’m observing this,” came a voice from behind me. Great. Cody and Rick. This wasn’t happening. Cody was laughing but Rick looked like he was ready to choke my seating partner. I’m sure he was thinking this had to be reason I was acting the way I was. I was seeing another man and just didn’t tell him about it.
I shot daggers at Cody and glared at Rick and said, “I tripped over a little girl, you idiot.”
The lap owner I was sitting on asked, “You know my lap dancer, Babineaux?”
“Yeah,” he laughed, “she’s my sister and now I know how she could afford to buy that new wide screen in her apartment.”
They all laughed including Rick, although his didn’t seem quite as real as the others. I pushed the anti-lap dancee’s hands away from me, stood up and got in Cody’s face. Through clinched teeth I said, “Thanks for having my back, brother.” I turned to the cop I was sitting on and added, “That lap?” I shook my head, wrinkled my nose and said, “Didn’t do anything for me.” I thought about pouring my drink on his lap but then I would just have to refill my glass and walk pass them again. So I took my drink and dignity, yeah right, and walked out amongst the laughter and ridicule. I wasn’t really listening; something about how he enjoyed it and someone hoped his girlfriend didn’t find out about the lap dance.
I was in the parking lot walking toward my truck when I heard Rick call my name from behind. I turned, got in his face, and said, “I didn’t sit on his lap on purpose. I tripped over a little girl.”
“I know,” he said smiling. “We saw her mother comforting her.”
I took a deep breath, shook my head and asked, “What excuse did you use to come out here?”
“I left the radio in the car,” he said holding up his police radio. “Chloe…”
“Rick,” I cut in, “I don’t know if I can do this.” I shook my head and continued, “We shouldn’t have ever let it get this far.” I was not going to cry. Thank goodness I had my sunglasses on, although shading my eyes didn’t keep my voice from shaking. Why was I this upset? I barely knew the man. Nerves. It had to be nerves, that’s why my voice was shaking.
“We haven’t gotten anywhere. I want to.” He placed his hands on his hips looked at the sky and then back at me and said on an exhale, “I’m coming over tonight so we can talk.”
“No.”
“Fine, then come to my house,” he said with a crooked grin. “It’s not like you don’t know where I live.” That grin. He has the sexiest grin. I don’t know if I would be able to just talk this time.
“Fine, but just talk.” Yeah, that’s telling him Chloe. All you’re going to do is talk. Don’t let him think you have something else in mind. Because you don’t. Oh help!
He held up his hands and said, “Whoa…I’ve never forced myself on a woman and don’t plan on starting now.” He cocked his head, narrowed his eyes and asked, “Why? Did you have something in mind?” He raised an eyebrow and brought his smile to a full grin.
“No, I’ll see you after work,” I said while turning around. As I was opening the truck door I heard loud talking. I sat down and turned toward the store. Rick had the door open and the cops inside were telling him it took long enough to get the radio and something about a lap dance. I couldn’t hear what he said back.
I sat there looking around considering the best way to maneuver out of the parking lot with the least amount of cussing and dents. There were a few cars and several trucks in the parking lot but no one I knew. Good, maybe no one I knew was a spectator to my lap dance


Chapter Seventeen


I arrived in my apartment and cleaned the bathroom. That’s always the highlight of my day. It was starting to get really gross. Okay, now I can take a nap. I couldn’t stop thinking about what I was going to tell Rick. I seem to have already said it. Everything I needed to say in one very short paragraph. Oh, hell, I asked for this so now I’ll just have to wait and hear how long his paragraph is. Did that sound dirty or did I just want it to sound dirty? I groaned, loudly.
I hate sleeping in my bed for a nap. So I slept on the couch.
It was four when I woke up and went to my office to write up what I’d done so far. I didn’t write anything about the blackmailing. Petunia was going to read it and I didn’t want her to think I suspected her of finding inventive ways to pay for her children’s education.
Cheri’s client left and she sat down in the chair across from me at my desk and stared. I of course ignored her. Three minutes later I broke. “Would you stop staring at me? I have a report to work on.”
“You feel guilty. Good,” she said and smiled.
“I do not feel guilty for not coming all the way across town for lunch. I really did have work to do and I’m not finished. I’m going back later,” I said not looking up at her.
“I’m not talking about that and you know it,” she said defensively.
I looked up at her, smiled slightly and said, “I’m sorry. I just…didn’t want to talk about…you know…right then.”
She looked at me a long time and then said, “I don’t really think that was a real sentence.”
I cocked my head, straightened my mouth, and asked, “Who are you, Miss Grammar now?” I shook my head and said, “Look, I ran into Cody and Rick at Subway after I tripped and landed on a cop’s lap.” I rolled my eyes. “Later. Running into them was an accident, but Rick caught up with me in the parking lot and we’re gonna talk tonight.”
She smiled and said, “Good, I’m glad. I can tell he likes you.” Her grin broadened and she said, “Now, tell me about this lap dance.”
“How…? Oh, never mind.”
I closed my eyes and shook my head and said through clenched teeth, “It-wasn’t-a-lap dance. I tripped over a little girl.” She laughed and by the time I was through telling her, I was laughing.
Cheri told me about her day and I told her about mine. She agreed with me about the painting not being of naked people.
“Chloe, what if it isn’t a painting at all? What if whatever it is, it’s hidden? It could be something else entirely?”
“Yeah, that would make sense. But I still think it’s a painting. I just don’t know what is so important about it. Could the frame be made of gold?” I asked. We sat thinking for a while and then I said, “I keep thinking it might be something like fool’s gold. Everybody thinks it’s something worth stealing but it isn’t. I mean, it’s been missing for so long anyone that has ever seen it, is dead. Maybe. I don’t know.”
We sat staring at each other with our feet propped up for a long time before Cheri answered. “I think you could be right and I don’t think the frame is gold. Think about it, if it was it would have been melted down long ago. But that could be the reason why you can’t find it. Someone doesn’t want a frameless painting to be found.”
“I hate it when I have frameless paintings,” I said straight-faced.
“Is that why you don’t own any paintings?” she asked.
“Yeah,” I answered. “Otherwise, I’d have paintings and no frames and that just plain looks funny. Unless it’s the kind of painting that looks good without a frame.” She laughed and I told her I had to waste more gas.
I was on my way across town when my phone rang. I smiled when I saw it was Rick, although he may not smile when I told him I was working.
“Hey.”
“That’s encouraging. What time are you coming over?”
“Actually,” I said, “I’m working. I’m going to some of the homes I missed because no one was home earlier. Can I come to your house later?”
“Sure. Yeah, call me when you’re on your way.” He sounded surprise. Good. Always keep them guessing. I actually wanted to go to his house so I could leave anytime I wanted to. It’s embarrassing when I walk out of my own apartment and leave the man I’m mad at staring at me like ‘why did she just walk out of her own apartment?’ Let’s just say it may have been done before..
We said good bye and I concentrated on not having a fender bender.

####

I drove to a house belonging to Jason Tamereaux. I wonder if he was the son of the man that was killed. Could be his nephew. Great. This is going to be fun.
The house was a nice gray, brick single-story house. A silver truck was parked out front with a minivan and an electrician’s work truck in the driveway.
Good, someone was home or was that oh, no, someone is home. A man walked out the front door so I started up the walk.
 “Jason Tamereaux?” I called. The man looked up with a ‘do I know you?’ look on his face.
The silver truck had something sticking out the window. What is that? I heard a huge blast. Oh my God! He’s shooting! He’s shooting at Jason! “Get down, get down!”
I yelled over and over, but Jason stood there transfixed. I took off running in a crouch. What was I doing? He could shoot me! Run, just run and stay down. He’s shooting at him not me. I felt the pull of my sweater. “Ahh!” Now he’s shooting at me. I was a few steps from Jason when I vaulted and knocked him down. My head jerked to the side and it hurt. Everything went to slow motion and faded to black.

Chapter Eighteen


I awoke hearing people talking. I slowly opened my eyes and looked around without moving my head. My head was only on my shoulders by strength of will only. It was throbbing and I was nauseated. Where was I? Hospital? I’m in the hospital? Why? Oh God! I’m dying. Everything was blurry and I couldn’t focus, but for all these people to be here I must be on death’s door.
“She’s awake,” someone said from my left side. It might have been Nona; I wasn’t fully conscious.
Everyone started talking at once so I didn’t answer anyone’s question. I didn’t want to hurt anyone’s feelings.
I licked my dry lips and asked hoarsely, “Am I dying?”
“Of course not, Chloe. How could you ask that?” I swiveled my eyes toward my mother on my right side and she was looking at me like I was indeed the talking dead.
I narrowed my eyes looking at the people standing around and caught Rick’s eye. I thought he looked at me with concern in his eyes but I couldn’t tell for sure. I didn’t know which set of eyes to look at.
“Why are there thirty people in here?” I asked in a low voice. I couldn’t raise my voice very loud otherwise my head would explode.
Cody laughed and said, “There aren’t thirty people only about…I don’t know, twelve?”
I closed one eye and then the other and slightly nodded. Okay, when I closed one eye there was only half the amount of people in the room. My parents, Cody, Morgan, Rick, Lt. Anders, Rosy, Dick Weed, Camilla, Tammy, Cheri, Felicia and Nona. Wow, there were a lot of people in here.
“Are you seeing double, honey?” Morgan asked using her nurse voice, stern but kind.
 “No, Morgan, I enjoy winking at you,” I kept my eyes closed and answered monotone. “You’re hot baby, yum-yum.”
“I think I’m jealous,” Tammy laughed.
“Which you should be,” Morgan answered seriously.
They all laughed. I opened my eyes wide and said, “Oh, no, I gonna be sick.”
A small plastic bowl type thingy was placed in my hands and I threw up.
“Oh nice, Chloe,” Dick Weed whined.
“Shut up, Reed,” Rick said in a low harsh voice.
I glared at Weed and asked, “Why are you here, Dick Weed?”
“Chloe!” My mother, always the polite one. I don’t think she really wants to know the real me.
I ignored her and kept my unsteady glare on Dick Weed until he answered me. Everyone else was fighting not to smile. I don’t know why they were fighting it; I would have laughed if laughter wouldn’t have made me throw up again. And my head roll across the room.
“Rosy and I are assigned to your case,” he eventually said.
“Case?” I asked, “What case?” My voice had gotten stronger after I threw up so there was no straining at what I was saying. But there were a lot of surprised faces.
 “You don’t remember getting shot, honey?” my mother asked.
“Shot! Ow, ohh, that explains sooo much,” I said letting go of the hands beside me and holding my head between my hands. I pushed the button on the bed rail to raise my head so I could see around the room easier. I should not have talked so loud the drummers in my head think they have to keep up with my verbal output.
I took a deep breath and said, “Let me think. Painting. I went to…what’shisname’s house. Don’t look at me funny, it’s written down. I always forget names.” Everyone in the room’s eyes widened when I couldn’t remember…uh…what’shisname’s, name.
Cheri laughed and said, “She’s right, she followed a woman around all week and called what’shername every day.”
“Okay, where was I?” I couldn’t remember. There were lots of nods at my direction but I couldn’t remember what I was talking about. This can’t be good.
“You were at someone’s house searching for a painting,” Rosy said helpfully.
“Ooh yeah,” I got it now. Sort of, “I stopped in front of…what’shisname’s house and noticed…” I narrowed my eyes thinking. It was hard; it was like looking through a fog. It was eerie knowing I did something but not remembering exactly what I did. There are several things in my life I wish I could forget I did but this isn’t one of them. Think. Think. What was I doing? The harder I tried to remember, the dizzier I was becoming.
“Did you notice a car or truck?” Rosy asked. He and Dick Weed were taking notes. They were the only ones so I guess they really were on the case.
“Yes, yes, an electrician’s truck, a van and another truck a…I don’t remember what kind. Light color I think…yeah, it sort of looked familiar. But there’s so many trucks around here I don’t pay that much attention. It’s not like I write down every license plate I come across,” I said defending myself.
“It’s okay, Chloe, you’re doing fine. Go on, what else did you see?” Cody said, calming me down.
I swallowed and closed my eyes so I could concentrate. “Where was I?” I asked. Not good, closing my eyes made my head spin more.
“Light truck,” Dick answered.
“Yeah, light truck.” I paused trying to remember being shot. “I noticed someone…a man coming out of the house, so I got out of my truck and called to him.” I looked at Dick Weed, straightened my mouth and said, “No, his name isn’t gonna miraculously come to me.” I smiled a smile with no humor and said, “I bet you wish I couldn’t remember your name, huh Dick Weed?” He glanced at my friends and narrowed his eyes. That’s what he gets for making fun of me barfing.
There were lots of grins around the room. I shook my head slightly, and said, “Ow, okay, what happened next? I got out the truck, called his name and…oh my God! There was a rifle sticking out the truck!”
“A rifle? A rifle was sticking out of the light colored truck?” Lt. Anders asked.
“Yes, yes it was. It was aiming at the man. I didn’t realize it was a rifle at first. I mean, why would someone have a rifle sticking out of a truck in a subdivision? I was looking at it sort of wondering what it was when I heard shots. I yelled for him to get down.” I was looking at Dick but not seeing him, I was seeing the man being shot at. My heart started racing and I was shouting. “I yelled for him to get down over and over…at least I think I did. I thought I did. Maybe I didn’t? I need to run! I need to hide! He’s not shooting at me. He’s shooting at him! Why is he shooting at him? Why is he shooting at me?” I paused and looked around the room. Everyone was quiet and wide-eyed. Did this really happen? I was breathing hard and started crying and put the palm of my hands over my eyes.
“It’s okay, Chloe,” Rosy said. “Take your time.”
I shook my head slowly. I couldn’t get enough air to my lungs. I felt my hair being rubbed trying to relax me. I took a few deep breaths and continued, “It wasn’t making sense. The man was just standing there. Why didn’t he get down? Why?” I started to cry harder so I lowered my head. My mother and father were holding my hand and rubbing my arm. Nona and Felicia were doing the same thing to my other arm while held my hand over my face. I slowly raised my head; Rick looked like he wanted to fly across the bed. Cody and Morgan were shaking their heads, arms around each other, concern and misery written on their face.
Someone was talking. I turned my head and noticed it was Camilla. “Sometimes, honey, people freeze in situations like that.”
I continued talking to her. I could see it all. I was replaying it in my mind, “I ran toward him yelling at him to get down. Oh God…he jerked. He was shot. I jumped and was trying to knock him down. Did I? Did I tackle a dead man?” I shook my head slowly and asked again softly, “Did I tackle a dead man?” I had stopped crying but was now bawling again.
“No, Chloe,” Morgan said softly, “You did not tackle a dead man. He’s in ICU. He should be okay. He was shot in the abdomen so it’ll take time but he’ll make it. You saved his life,” she smiled warmly.
“Oh, thank God. Thank you, God,” I said closing my eyes.
The cops talked among themselves for several minutes.
I looked at Morgan and asked, “Was I shot in the head?”
“You were grazed on your temple and have a concussion. Another bullet just missed your abdomen.” She smiled and held up my sweater and I noticed a hole in my sweater. A very bloody sweater.
“Oh, man,” I whined, “I liked that sweater.” Was that my blood? No, it couldn’t have been, I was grazed in the head, temple actually and the bullet missed my torso. Oh, I hope that wasn’t my blood.
My eyes were wide. I didn’t ask the question but Felicia answered as if I did, “Yes, that’s your blood, sweetie. Head wounds tend to bleed a lot. But it’s also mixed with Jason’s.”
I took a deep breath and let it out slowly. Then threw up again.
Dr. Evensworth came in and asked, “Is there anybody left in Alexandria?” She looked at Morgan and smiled wide-eyed.
“Everybody out, Chloe needs her rest. Let’s go. Out.” Morgan is a very good nurse.
Most of the crowd left. My parents, Cody and Morgan stayed to talk to Dr. Evensworth. I could have done without the looks of doom and gloom, but I managed to get through it without actually telling anyone off.
“So, everything looks good. You should be able to go home in twenty-four hours,” Dr. Evensworth said with a smile. She was an older woman with a sweet bedside manner. I hated to put her on the spot but I really wanted to go home.
“Back up,” I said narrowing my eyes. “When you say twenty-four hours, is that twenty-four hours from the time I arrived? Or twenty-four hours from when I woke up? Or is it twenty-four hours from now?” I shrugged my shoulders, nodded and asked, “We really need to narrow this down.”
She smiled and said, “Let’s make it twenty-four hours from when you arrived and then we’ll take it from there. It all depends on how well you’re doing.” She looked at my family and said, “She’s doing quite well. She’s not vomiting as much so that’s a good thing.”
My family’s eyes widened but only Cody said, “Lord yes.”
“How’s your head?” Dr. Evensworth asked.
“Better,” I said, smiling. “It only feels like a teenage rock band in my head instead of a heavy metal.”
She laughed and said, “It’ll get better. Try to rest.” She put her hand on my arm and said, “You’re very lucky. This could have been much worse. A headache we can deal with.”
“I’m staying with her tonight,” my mother announced after the doctor left. She didn’t ask if I needed anyone to stay, she just took it upon herself to stay. That was okay but she could have asked.
“I don’t need anyone to stay. I can get up by self,” I said glowering at her.
“No, that’s a good idea,” Morgan agreed with my mother.
“Thanks, Morgan,” I said glaring, “but I don’t need her to hold my hand when I have to go to the bathroom. As I said I can get up and walk without help.”
My father and Cody agreed with Morgan. No surprise there. Whatever Morgan says is like gospel with those two. Sometimes I have to remind my parents that I’m their daughter. Even though Morgan is usually right and I’m being stubborn. Shocking, isn’t it? Don’t get me wrong, I know my parents love me. Cody was an irresponsible jerk before he met Morgan. He’s still fun, he’s just a responsible jerk now.
I threw my hands in the air and said, “Fine, fine, stay. I don’t care. You’re the one sleeping on that sorry excuse of a sleeper sofa.” I placed both hands on my chest and added, “Whereas I, am gonna sleep right here in this hard uncomfortable bed. I can see the TV much better than you and I’m not gonna let you have the remote.” My father laughed, my mother shrugged her shoulders and shook her head, and Cody and Morgan smiled and shook their head.
I rolled my eyes and said, “I can act like a spoiled child if I want to. I might have brain damage. I’ve been shot in the head and received a concussion. Remember?”
“That’s my girl. Show them who’s boss.” Daddy smiled and kissed me on my forehead. “I’m gonna take your mama home to pick up her car. I love you.” I like to tell myself Cody is my mother’s favorite and I’m my father’s.
Morgan kissed me too and said, “You scared the crap out of us again. Stop doing that.” She smiled and added with tears in her eyes, “I love you.”
“I know. I love you too.” I smiled.
The door opened while Cody was bringing my hand up to his lips. Rick walked over with no hesitation and asked. “Hey, I saw the doctor leave. Everything alright?”
Cody looked up and said, “Yeah, she’s fine. She’s going home in twenty-four hours if they don’t throw her out before that.”
“Is that a possibility?” I asked. “If I’m a pain in the butt, can I go home early?”
“No,” everyone said in unison.
Rick laughed and said, “Maybe you should hold your .22 on them.”
“No,” Morgan answered, “she shouldn’t. Hospital employees frown on being held at gun point.”
I shrugged my shoulders as to say, ‘It was worth a try.’
“Cody,” Rick said, “I’m heading to Gardener. I’m gonna see if they know anything about a light-colored truck.”
“Why don’t you call?” Cody asked.
“I could,” Rick said nodding his head, “But if I go in person they’ll talk to me and not tell me to call back tomorrow.”
Cody laughed and said, “True enough. Want me to go with you?”
“Nah,” he answered shaking his head, “You go home with your family. I got this.” He winked at me and said, “Feel better. And be good.”
Be good. Did he tell me to be good? When am I not good? I’m always good...sort of.
I said bye to everyone and grabbed the remote. I finally have time to myself. I have nothing to do. But I have time alone. Joy, now I can think about today. I told them everything that happened. Didn’t I? Yes, I’m confident I did. Okay, I’ll keep telling myself that and maybe soon I’ll stop shaking.
The door opened and it was Rick. I was surprised to see him. I thought he was on his way to Gardener to tear somebody a new one.
“What are you doing here? I thought you left?” I asked.
“Yeah, I was. While I was getting a drink from the water fountain, I noticed Cody leave so I came back. How are you really?” he asked holding my hand.
I smiled and said, “I’m fine, really. My mother is spending the night.” I grimaced, then added. “It’s gonna be long night.”
He laughed and said, “I could spend the night. Sleep on the couch. You know, I’m good at doing that.”
“No, you’re not. You’d probably make me move over so you could sleep in the bed too,” I said grinning.
“That sounds interesting,” he said with his sexy crooked grin. “It’s a smaller bed.”
“That’s not a good idea,” I said shaking my head. Ow. That’s also not a good idea.
He was grinning and about to say something when the door opened. Cody walked in with a dumbfounded look on his face. “What are you doing here?”
“I wanted to see Chloe. Make sure she’s not gonna give her nurse a lap dance so she can go home early,” he said, grinning. He’s good, I’ll give him that. Didn’t even flinch when Cody walked in. I did, big time. And it really hurt my head, so I grabbed it with both hands to keep it from exploding.
“Uh-huh.” Cody glared, his eyes going from Rick to me. “Are you two…?”
I cut him off with a stern look. “Checking each other for ticks?”
“If you’re asking if I’ve ever kissed your sister from the top of her head down to her toes.” His eyes locked onto mine unblinking. “Kissing her like a woman should be kissed. Getting lost in those beautiful brown eyes. Feeling her body against…”
Cody cleared his throat and said, “Yeah…uh.”
Rick kept his eyes on mine and still smiling, “Chloe says we can’t date, let alone sleep together.”
I closed my mouth, swallowed and said, “I think we just did.”
“Hell, I think I just slept with him,” Cody said. His look went from dumbfounded to embarrassed. Then he grinned and said, “I think I have to go find Morgan.” He walked to the door turned back looked from Rick to me, opened his mouth to say something, glared and then shook his head and walked out.
I don’t exactly know what that meant. I’m sure he wasn’t going to say, ‘Go ahead, date, sleep together, it’s all good. Hey, and if ya’ll break up? I’m sure it won’t affect our partnership not one little bit’. I don’t know what to think. I have a concussion. I‘ll blame it on that. I don’t know what I’m doing. I may have brain damage. I know Cody was relieved I was okay. Maybe he’ll tear into Rick later. I know he’ll tear into me later. I really need to avoid Cody.
Rick gave me a tender kiss, and said, “I’ll call you later. I’ll let you know what they tell me in Gardener.” Did he just kiss me?
I grinned and said, “Good excuse, especially since my mother will be here.” He walked to the door and I said when he turned around, “I can always blame it on my concussion. I have brain damage. I won’t remember this.”
He laughed and said, “You may have brain damage, but it has nothing to do with a concussion.”
“Hey!” I yelled as he ducked out the door. Ow. I really, really have to stop doing that.

####

My mother made it back, smiling and acting like we were going to have a sleep over.
“This won’t be so bad,” she said, smiling, “it might even be fun.”
I looked at her, narrowed my eyes, cocked my head to the side and asked, “Are we having fun yet?”
“Okay, maybe fun wasn’t the right word,” she said, rolling her eyes, “but we can still talk…about whatever.”
“Yeah, no, there’s nothing I want to talk about. I’m done with talking. You might as well fluff your pillow, and grab a blanket, this is gonna be a long night,” I said, cutting my eyes to the TV and flipping through the stations. Not much I wanted to watch. I couldn’t really concentrate, so it didn’t make any difference what I watched. I just wanted to keep my mother occupied for a few minutes and changing channels every thirty seconds seemed like the thing to do.
“You’re really starting to aggravate me with that thing,” she said with a flat voice. “If I didn’t know better, I’d think you were doing it on purpose.”
I glanced over and she was staring hard at me. I couldn’t help but laugh. “You know me too well, Mama.” I changed channels.
“I’m not going anywhere, so pick a channel and leave it,” she said, smiling. I nodded and left it on the Discovery Channel. I could watch it. I could watch all the nice scenery without having to think about it.
We watched for awhile and I learned a lot about Cleopatra. It was really interesting; it made me think about buying a snake. No, maybe not, I’m not really a snake person. Maybe a pit bull, no my apartment complex doesn’t allow pets. Thoughts on useless information aren’t very time consuming and my mother cut into my pet assessing.
“You know,” she said softly, “you have very good friends. Cody couldn’t keep your girl friends away.” She smiled, shaking her head. “Camilla didn’t have to come,” she laughed, “but she said either she could come here or stay home and help her son with his project. She said her husband could deal with that circus.” I knew Camilla really didn’t like helping her kids with projects; she ends up doing the project, so it made me laugh too until the little men in my head started tap dancing on their bass drums.
We sat in silence a few minutes and then she asked, “Must you call Richard, Dick Weed? That isn’t very nice. It’s downright crude.”
“Yes, it’s very crude,” I said. “Crude name for a crude man. When he starts acting like a Richard, I’ll start calling him that. Besides, I wouldn’t’ve said it if he wouldn’t’ve made comments about me puking. Like I really wanted to do that with all those people standing around.” She didn’t say anything but nodded. She had to agree he was an immature prick.
I was thinking about turning off the TV and lights when my cell phone rang. Rick was calling me.
“Hello?” Code: I’m not alone.
“Hey, your mother’s with you?” He speaks code.
“Yes, I’m feeling pretty good.” Code: Yes, she’s right here.
“Okay, that’s cool. I wanted you to know the locals don’t know anything about a truck. They talked to the neighbors, but no one had seen one,” he said.
“Uh…neighbors?” I asked, “There were no neighbors. Who did they talk to? Did they talk to the birds? How about cross-examining a few deer. Yeah, that’s right, there were deer nearby.”
“There’s a family that lives on his road near the highway,” he answered laughing.
“Ahh, that family,” I said seriously. “The family that lives a mile away.” Okay, that makes perfect since. But I guess, to be perfectly honest there was no one else to talk to.
“I know,” he said disappointed, “it doesn’t help. But I was hoping someone would have noticed because there’s only one house on that road.”
“Thanks for going,” I said. “If you wouldn’t’ve gone, I would have.”
“Yeah, no problem.”
We didn’t say anything to each other for a while. I heard someone saying something in my ear, “Chloe? Chloe are you there?”
“Yes, I’m here.” Dang, I fell asleep.
“You fell asleep didn’t you? The rousing tells of my investigation put you to sleep.”
“No. Well, yeah. I fell asleep. I’m exhausted and my head hurts. My doctor won’t get me anything for pain but I’m sleepy.” I paused and then added dryly, “Either that or the rousing tell of your investigation.”
“It’s time I let you get some rest.” I could picture him smiling and shaking his head.
“Good idea,” I said and smiled even though he couldn’t see me.
We said our goodbyes and disconnected.
I still had the smile on my face when my mother asked, “Who was that? One of the detectives on the case?” She was looking at me suspiciously like I was hiding something from her. She’s been looking at me like that for the past fifteen years, so you would think I would be use to it by now. No, I still wince when she looks at me with those narrowed eyes and tight mouth. How does she do that? It must be a mom thing.
“Yes, it was and why are you looking at me like that?” That’s right. Defend yourself. Explain the ‘You are so guilty’ look.
 “Why? Do you feel guilty?” she asked, “That was Richard, wasn’t it? You do like him, don’t you?”
I narrowed my eyes at her and said hard, “Woman, if you weren’t my mother, I’d make you wash your mouth out with soap. Where’s that bowl thingy so I can throw up again?” I shivered and said with a look on my face like I was trying not to puke, “No, no, no, I’ll say it again. No, that wasn’t Dick Weed.” I shook my head over and over even if it felt like it was going to fall off my shoulders and explode on the way down to the floor.
“Then who was it?” she asked innocently. Oh, she’s good. Ask me the real question you want answered. Yeah, she’s had years of experience of doing that too. But it’s okay. I’ve had years of experience of defusing that little maneuver too.
“It was Rick, Cody’s partner. He went to Gardener to find out if they knew anything about a light-colored truck. Turns out they don’t.” Before she could ask me why he was calling me I added quickly, “I asked him to call me to let me know the results.” Nothing like the truth to throw her off guard. He volunteered to call me but close enough. It’s probably all in my head and she really is asking me innocent questions. When I feel guilty I think everyone is as guilty as I am.
I told her good night and took deep breaths to calm myself down, so I could get some sleep. I had no reason to feel guilty, what I told her was the truth. This is ridiculous.

Chapter Nineteen


Friday morning came with a dulling of my headache. I felt as though I was going to live. It was a pretty good feeling until reality hit and I realized I still had no idea who was shooting at me.
My father came by before going to work, as well as Cody and Morgan. Morgan didn’t have to go far since I was in the same hospital she worked in. My doctor popped in briefly to say I was definitely going home today. Hallelujah, I’m going home today. But not until around five p.m. Great. It was gonna be a long day.
I sent my mother home for a shower and a nap. She said she slept well, but I wanted time alone. I felt like I was being watched all night. I don’t know why I felt like that because I heard her snore all night. I was the one that actually needed the nap.
After breakfast and before my mother got back, Rick and all my friends called. I told them all I was going home around five. I made plans with my friends to come for pizza or some other takeout to celebrate my freedom.
My book was in my purse so all I did was read, watch TV and talk to my mother when she returned. You would think I would have been in hog’s heaven. I love reading and watching TV. I was bored out of my mind. I had things to do. I had to find the person with the killing fetish.
Cheri came at lunch, thank goodness. “You look hundred percent better than yesterday,” she said, smiling. “Your color’s back. Yesterday you were as white as a sheet.”
“Ahh,” I said, “that explains all the strange looks. People were searching for me among the sheets on the bed. But you have to admit my puking kept Dick Weed at arm’s length and at the foot of the bed and away from my friends.” She laughed and I added, “It’s true, if he would have started his piggish come ons, I swear I would have thrown up on him.”
“You could have thrown up on cue?” she asked with raised eyebrows.
“Yes. Yesterday I could have thrown up on cue.” I shook my head and said, “Man, I hope he doesn’t drop by today, I don’t feel like throwing up.”
My mother shook her head, rolled her eyes and said, “I am so proud of the way she expresses herself.”
“Her femininity oozes from her every pore, doesn’t it?” Cheri grinned.
I narrowed my eyes, and snarled, “Bite me.”
As I was saying, ‘bite me,’ the door opened and Cody and Rick walked in. Rick was trying to hide a grin and Cody rolled his eyes and said, “Tell me you weren’t telling Mama to bite you.”
“No, I was telling you to bite me because I knew you were hovering at the door listening,” I said dryly.
Rick didn’t say anything but he did laugh. He seems to like my sense of humor. Or should I say, he likes it when it’s not aimed at him.
Cody made a face and said, “You make it so worth our time to come here and give you an update on the shooting.”
“Did you find out anything?” my mother asked hopeful.
“No, unfortunately we didn’t. It seems no one can tell us anything more than you did.” He grimaced and nodded his head toward me.
“Well, then I’m so glad you made the effort to update me on all the astonishing and astounding information.” Cody rolled his eyes but only kept his comments to himself because Mama was in the room.
“We did find out it was a Silverado,” Rick answered looking at me.
“Silverado. Why does that sound familiar?” I shook my head. “I just can’t remember.”
“It may come to you later,” Cheri said, holding my hand.
I glanced at Cody, but looked at Rick and said, “You know, Rick, Cody might have told you ya’ll had to come here to give me this vast amount of information about the shooting. But the truth is he wanted to hunt down Morgan so they could smooch in a linen closet. Pull up a chair until they’re through.” I added quickly, “Smooching.”
Everyone laughed but Cody shook his head and fought a grin. “I’m not gonna hunt her down to smooch.”
“Don’t listen, Mama!” I said with a raised voice, “Don’t listen! They’re just smooching. Really!”
“Chloebeth!” my mother admonished me, grinning.
I looked at Cody, laughed and winked. Cody didn’t wink back. He lowered his voice and as he looked at Rick said, “See what I have to put up with?”
“Yeah, yeah, yeah,” I said rolling my eyes, “everybody feels sorry for you. Blah, blah, blah, it’s so hard being married to a woman like Morgan. Hell, if I wasn’t straight, I’d be all over her.”
“Chloebeth!” Again, my mother fussed at me. Two Chloebeth’s in as many minutes. Good but not a record.
“What?” I asked, “I’m giving him a compliment. His wife’s hot.” I glanced at Rick, grinned and continued, “Or is she beautiful?”
Cheri looked from me to Rick and then asked Cody, “Am I missing something here?”
“I feel like that a lot,” Cody grumbled.
Rick grinned and explained, “While in the ER, after the explosion, I met Morgan and told your wife her photo on your desk doesn’t do her justice. Chloe accused me of flirting with her.” Cody narrowed his eyes at him, so Rick continued, “I told Chloe I was telling Morgan the truth, she is beautiful.” He pointed with his chin at me, “But she…is hot.” He laughed.
“Now, before ya’ll get your panties in a twist, remember, I was this close,” I held up my index finger and thumb about two inches apart, “to an explosion. So in all actuality, smoke was still wafting from my clothes.” Everyone laughed including Cody and I gave a ‘what are you doing?’ look to Rick.
Rick, Cody, and Cheri went back to work, which left my mother and me. Oh, we had a thrill a minute. I took a nice long nap. The nurse had taken out my IV so I wasn’t tethered and they weren’t coming in the room for anything. I wasn’t even on pain medicine. So, I really enjoyed my nap.
It was finally time to go home. The nurse came with papers to sign and told me I could change while she hunted down a wheel chair. Hospital rules say patients can’t walk out, they have to be wheeled. Clean jeans and a sweat shirt had been brought from my apartment by Cheri so at least I didn’t have to put my bloody clothes back on. I may burn those clothes, the sweater for sure. Well, I actually didn’t have the sweater. Rosy and Dick kept it for evidence.
“Why don’t you let me fix you something to eat?” my mother said, going to my refrigerator after driving me home.
“No, go home and have Daddy pick up something for ya’ll to eat tonight. You deserve it. It can be tiring sitting in a hospital, unless you took a long nap when I did.”
She turned from my refrigerator and said, groaning and shaking her head, “All you have is a half gallon of milk and yogurt. And I did take a nap.”
“Good, then you’ll feel like going out,” I said, opening a kitchen cabinet. “I have cans of ravioli and cereal so I won’t starve. Besides,” I said with a shrug. “I have friends coming over for pizza later to celebrate my freedom.”
I put my arm around her shoulder and walked her to the door and said, “I love you. Thank you so much for staying with me last night and today. Go home, relax, drink a cup of hot tea and call Daddy and tell him ya’ll are going out tonight for supper.”
She put her arm around my waist and asked, “Are you sure, baby? I don’t want to leave you.”
“I’m sure.” I gave her a kiss on the cheek and watched her walk down the stairs to the parking lot.
We might drive each other crazy, but we’re family.

Chapter Twenty


I sat in my big recliner and relaxed. It felt strange to be alone after having someone with me almost constantly for the past twenty-four hours. I was still creeped out about the shooting but I was determined to get over it and continue on with my search. But not right now. Right now all I wanted to do was relax in the solitude of my apartment. Tryston bumped something hard against the wall and I jumped. This is ridiculous.
I needed to do something constructive. I needed to call Cheri to tell her the plans for tonight. “Hey, Cheri, I’m home”
“How are you feeling?” She sounded distracted.
“Really good. What are you doing?”
“I’m getting dressed; Brent and I are eating with his parents tonight.” No wonder she was distracted. His parents are la-ti-da. They made my skin itch.
“Oooh,” I said sadly, “I’m so, so sorry. I was calling you to invite ya’ll over tonight for pizza or something. The girls are coming over to celebrate my freedom.”
“That sounds like fun. But it won’t be that bad at Brent’s parents house,” she said, laughing. “I’ll call you and tell you about it.” Cheri can easily do la-ti-da.
“Okay, be good and don’t say anything I would.”
She laughed, we said goodbye, and disconnected.
It was around five forty-five by the time I was able to take a shower and I was about to get in when my door bell rang. I grabbed a towel and checked the peep hole.
Good, it was Nona. I opened the door and she laughed, “You got all dressed up for me didn’t you?”
“Yeah, you know I’d do anything for you, Nona,” I tried to say seductively and gave her a big hug. “I was about to take a shower, so I’m glad you’re here to let Felicia and Tammy in.”
“Go, I’ll let them in.” She smiled.
It felt so good to take a nice long shower. I was feeling human again after washing blood from my hair and Jason’s blood from my body. His blood might not have been there physically but emotionally it was, so I scrubbed my body raw removing it.
I stepped out the shower and realized I had forgotten my clothes on my bed so I peeked out and made sure the bedroom door was closed. It was; I didn’t remember closing it so Nona must have.
I heard men talking and thought, ‘Why do I hear men talking in my apartment?’ Men in my apartment are a rare encounter. It must have been the TV.
I didn’t have time to think about it because the door opened and standing in my kitchen was Rick talking to a blond man I didn’t know. His eyes widened and his jaw dropped opened, his friend started to turn around but Rick grabbed his shoulder and shook his head and said, “No, don’t turn around.” His eyes never left me but he did grin when he looked me up and down.
My eyes also widened, when all of my friends decided to barge into my bedroom. “Couldn’t you have knocked?” I berated when I had my voice back. Oh no. No, no, no. Rick did not just see me naked. Just what I needed to go along with being shot. I’m not leaving this room. This cannot be happening. Tell me I’m still in the hospital and this is a nightmare.
“Sorry, my bad,” Felicia said, grinning. “We heard the shower turn off so we came in. We didn’t know you’d be streaking around your room.”
“Think of it this way, Chloe,” Tammy laughed, “he knows that’s your natural hair color.”
“Yeah, because that’s something I was really concerned about. Did Rick like the color of my hair?” I said, shooting daggers at all of them while pulling my jeans and long sleeve T-shirt on.
They laughed, and I asked, “Who are those men? Did ya’ll bring dates?” I didn’t know about men they were dating but what did I know? They could have found them in the hall and hauled them inside my apartment.
“No. They’re Rick’s friends. They’re Navy SEALs.” Nona grinned, fanning herself. “Can you say, day-am!”
“They were en route to Florida from California and their plane had mechanical problems so they’re here for a while waiting for the part,” Tammy continued.
“How many are here?” I asked,
“Three,” they all answered, grinning.
“How convenient. Why did Rick bring them here and not to his house?” I asked, totally confused. I have brain damage. It takes a while for information to get through. Did he tell me he was bringing friends? Better question: Did he say he was coming to my apartment?
“Rick said he wanted to see how you were before going back to his house, and since you were in the shower he wanted to wait.” Nona supplied this bit information. At least now I know he didn’t tell me about his friends. I wish she would quit smiling so big.
I looked at the three of them grinning broadly. I decided to forgo the hair drying and put it up in a pony tail but I did put on makeup. My friends took over my makeup too. “Why are ya‘ll grinning? Did something happen while I was in the shower?”
“Chloe,” Felicia said grabbing my arm, “they are gorgeous. I have never seen men with so many muscles.”
“They really are unbelievable.” Tammy laughed.
I took a deep breath and let it out slowly. Great. My friends are far from ugly. They are considerably very good looking women. Some might even say they were hot. I don’t know what it says for them to be such good friends with me. I like to think I’m average looking but what do I know? I might be the one they like to be around to make them look better.
I rolled my eyes and asked the group in general, “Okay, let’s do this. Will they be in Alexandria long?”
 “We didn’t ask,” Nona said shrugging. “I guess as long as it takes for the plane part to be put on. Someone is supposed to call them to let them know when to go back to the airport.”
We spilled through the door and all four men stopped talking and rose from where they were they sitting.
Good God! I don’t know why my sofa didn’t collapse? Rick was sitting there with a huge blond man. He wasn’t fat, far from it. He was all shoulders and muscle. They were all shoulders and muscles. Now I know why there were grins in my bedroom. I’m gonna have to turn the heat down. I was starting to sweat. Rick is very muscular and he looked right at home with these other guys.
I walked over to the thermostat and turned down the heat. I was serious about being warm. Those men must radiate heat. Couldn’t be pheromones.
The man standing by the recliner smiled and said, “This must be your girlfriend.”
I jerked my head to Rick and said, “I’m not his girlfriend.”
“No, they’re sleeping together,” Nona laughed, “but they aren’t having sex.”
The men looked at Rick and said, “What?” I guess they were wondering why they were here if wasn’t for a booty call.
“Nona,” I said through clenched teeth, “do you have to be such a…never mind.” I rolled my eyes. “It’s not even worth defending my self.”
I looked at Rick and asked, “Do you think it’s funny?” He was grinning with his hands on his hips.
“Yeah,” he said, “I do. It’s fun standing here watching the expressions on their faces. It’s classic.” He glanced at his buddies and said, “Guys, Chloe has been through a hellofalot lately, and she says we can’t date because, as I told you, I’m her brother’s partner. But we’ll see.” he laughed.
“Oh, yeah,” the one by the recliner said, “this is the woman that runs through flying bullets.”
I rolled my eyes and shook my head but the men hoo-yaad me, applauded and bowed.
“Okay,” I said and rolled my eyes, “you had your fun.”
“No,” the blond said, “we bow in your presence. Anyone that can tackle a man while being shot at is extraordinary.”
“Don’t forget,” the man said who was sitting on a kitchen chair, “the propane tank explosion. Chloe, you are amazing!”
I turned to my friends and Nona said, smiling, “I’m getting sunburn from your radiance.”
I straightened my mouth, cocked my head and said, “Bite me.” I pointed my finger and waved it at everyone in the room and added, “That goes for every one of you. Bite. Me.”
I looked hard at Rick and said, “I hate you.”
Everyone laughed and Rick said, “Introduce yourselves, guys,”
I chuckled but was so embarrassed. I didn’t know what I was doing when I was running after Jason; I had finally remembered his name. One thing I knew for sure was that I didn’t feel like a hero.
The tall blond on the sofa said, “I’m Chas Underwood.” He stuck out a hand to shake.
The man with dark hair in the recliner wasn’t real tall but he had presence. He brought his hand out, “I’m Tony Fernandez; you can remember me, I’m the good looking one.” He grinned and I laughed.
The average height, dark haired man sitting on the kitchen chair brought his hand out and said, “I’m Brian Coleman, the better looking one.”
I grinned and said, “Nice to meet all of you. I guess ya’ll already met my friends.” I looked at my girlfriends and they nodded.
Rick walked over and guided me to the kitchen and asked, “Are you alright? We can leave if you want to rest.”
“No, I’m fine.” I smiled. “This is probably what I need. You know, get my mind off of everything. I really don’t want to think right now.” Matter of fact the doctor told me not to think. Don’t even watch TV shows that made me think. Concussions can be a whole lot of fun. Not.
He grinned and opened his mouth to say something but before he could answer Tony said, “Hey, Ricky, they said they haven’t eaten yet. I’d rather eat here with them than at your place.” He looked at me, widened his eyes and added, “If that’s alright with you, Chloe.”
“Yes, that’s great. Pizza sound good?”
Everyone nodded and agreed and I opened up a drawer piled high with coupons.
While Rick was talking to me, the women seemed to pair up with the men and were discussing the pizza dilemma. I placed the coupons on the coffee table when my phone rang.
My mother was checking up on me. “Everyone be quiet, this won’t take long.”
The room quieted and I answered, “Hey, Mama.”
“Hey, baby, did your friends drop by?”
“Yes, they’re here. We’re about to order pizza.”
“You aren’t going out.” It wasn’t a question, it was a statement.
“No,” I answered hard, “we aren’t going out. In fact we don’t have to go out we have four guys here. Your call interrupted our orgy.”
“Okay, smart-mouth,” she said, “I get your point. You aren’t going out.” She hesitated then asked, “Do you really have men there?”
“Well, Mama,” I said dryly, “my mouth might be the only smart thing about me tonight. I have a concussion, I may have brain damage.” She couldn’t see me but I rolled my eyes anyway. I looked at the living room crowd and they were grinning broadly and laughing softly trying not to be heard.
“Think about it, Mama,” I continued, “If I had men here would I admit it? There are some things you’re better off not knowing.”
“Chloebeth!” Mama didn’t like my answer.
“Okay, okay.” I moved the phone from my ear and said, “Hey, ya’ll. Say hello to Mama.” I shook my head and said without voicing, “No men.”
All the women said, “Hey, Mama.”
“There, see?” I said innocently. “Just female voices. Although, Tammy has a deep manly voice. If you heard her voice you might have thought it was a man.” That was far from true. Tammy’s voice is very feminine.
“I heard that,” Tammy yelled.
We started laughing and hoping she couldn’t tell there were few manly chuckles.
My mother took a deep breath, let it out and said, “Okay, Chloe. I’m hanging up now. You’re feeling better, I love you.”
“I love you too, Mama.”
I hung up but stayed by the phone. Felicia walked over to me and told me what they had decided to order. So I handed the phone to her so she could order.
“Did you really tell your mother you were having an orgy?” Rick asked, grinning.
“She expects it from me,” I answered shrugging. “It keeps her heart pumpin’.”
 “My mom would have asked to join in,” Tony said laughing.
“I would never have said that,” Brian was stunned.
“It sounded like she must be use to it,” Rick laughed. “Chloe said I love you too, before hanging up.”
“She loves me.” I smiled.
Felicia hung up and the phone and it rang again. “Okay, guys,” I said, “quiet this is my brother. I knew he’d call. That’s why I stayed by the phone.”
“Hey, Codester.”
“Hey,” he was laughing so hard I couldn’t understand him. I heard Morgan messing with the kids in the background but I couldn’t understand her either.
I moved the phone away from my mouth but kept it by my ear so I could hear when he decided to come up for air. I said to the group in the living room, “He’s laughing so hard I can’t understand him, this may take a while.”
“Hey, Code-man,” I said raising my voice, “I can’t understand you. Breathe.”
He took several breaths and then asked, “Did you really tell Mama you were having an orgy?”
“Yeah, well, what can I say? I’m keeping you in her good graces. Daddy still loves me; I’m the son he never had,” I said grinning. He couldn’t see me, but I know he could hear the laughter in my voice.
“Okay, okay,” he said still trying to stop laughing. “So, how’s your head? Still having headaches?”
“Some, but not bad and I’m not drinking alcohol,” I said before he could tell me not to drink alcohol.
“Good. Love you.”
“I love you to, bro.”
We hung up, but I stayed leaning against the breakfast bar.
Tammy waved her hand to me and said, “Come over, join the party.”
“I would love to,” I said grimacing, “but I’m expecting one more call. It should be any minute now. Cody’s dialing, it’s ringing, he’s talking, talking, talking okay, he hung up. Now, more dialing, wait for it…” I smiled a closed mouth smile when the phone rang, then said, “My mother.”
They all said, “Damn, she’s good.”
I took a deep breath before answering, “Hey, Mama.”
“Hey baby, I just called to say that I was sorry I questioned you. I worry you know.” She sounded apologetic. But was she? Was she really? Nah, just really nosy.
“No worries, it’s good. I love you too. Now get some rest.”
 “Okay, bye honey,”
“Bye.” I hung up and said, “Okay, there shouldn’t be any more phone calls.” I rolled my eyes. “Welcome to my world.”
I almost made it to the living room not knowing where I was gonna sit because all available space was taken, when my cell phone rang.
“Ahh! I can’t believe this!” I yelled.
“The only person that it can be is Cheri; she’s the only one not here,” Nona said.
I looked at the caller ID and was surprised to see who it was, “Hello?”
“Oh, Chloe, are you alright?” Petunia sounded flustered.
“Yes, Petunia, I’m fine, a concussion but other than that, I’m okay. It’s Jason that’s in worse shape than me.”
“Yes, that’s why I’m calling…no, no, no he’s getting better.” She heard me gasp. “The reason I called is…” She didn’t finish. Even for Petunia this is odd.
“Petunia, talk to me. Why’d you call?” I asked. I was trying to keep her calm and stay calm myself.
She took a deep breath and asked, “Did anyone tell you who the…the uh…” She was hesitating and it was driving me crazy.
“Just spit it out. Tell me what?” I was really curious now and very anxious. She was making me nervous.
“The dead man in Gardener,” she hesitated and then eventually said. “He’s my mother’s half brother. Her mother’s first husband died and she remarried.”
“Oh, no,” I said sadly, “I knew he was related but I didn’t know he was your uncle.”
“Yes…and the one from yesterday? That was his son, Jason Tamereaux Jr.”
I stared at the breakfast bar waiting for it to slap some sense into me. I couldn’t believe it. They were father and son. Why would someone want father and son dead? Did the shooter think they knew something about the painting and he didn’t want them to tell me? This was unreal. I couldn’t breathe. I started to hyperventilate. I bent over at the waist so I wouldn’t pass out. Why didn’t I think of this while in the hospital? I heard Petunia talking. “Chloe. Chloe? Are you alright? You have to drop this case. I don’t want you to get hurt again. The painting isn’t worth it. Please, Chloe,” she begged.
“No, Petunia,” I said, raising my head. I was starting to get a head rush. “I’m not dropping this case. If someone’s willing to kill for it, how many others in your family will be hurt?” I took a couple of deep breaths through my nose and exhaled from my mouth. “And Petunia? Thank you. Now I know who I have to talk to next. I’ll let you know when I have something concrete.”
“Oh, Chloe…”
“I’ll call you. Bye.”
I disconnected, put both hands on the bar to steady my weaving body. I couldn’t believe this. Could someone really be…? I balled my fist and pounded on the bar. “Dammit, dammit, dammit!”
“What did Petunia say?” Rick asked, getting up from the sofa.
“No!” I put my hand up to stop him and yelled. “You knew didn’t you? You knew who the man was in Gardener and didn’t tell me.”
“What are you talking about?” he asked but didn’t come any closer.
“The man in Gardener and the man yesterday were father and son! Someone is following me around. And before I talk to someone that may know something, he kills or tries to kill them.”
“Chloe…”
“No!” I yelled over him. “Don’t say anything! This is my fault and I have to stop it. No one else is gonna get killed because of me.”
“I was going to tell you,” he said.
I grabbed my purse and took out my holster with my .22 attached it to my waist. “I need a bigger gun.”
I ran to my closet and searched behind my hanging clothes. I found it, my shot gun, I should have a…found it, my 30.06. I came back into the kitchen and laid them both on the bar.
“What are you doing?” Tony asked.
“I think, she’s upset,” Nona answered for me. “But this is the first time she’s ever taken out the big guns.”
I opened drawers until I found two boxes of shells. I shook, and then opened the 30.06 box of shells. “No good just one left,” I mumbled.
I opened the shot gun shells box, I looked up and asked, “Do shot gun shells go bad? I’ve had these for a little over ten years. Do they go bad?” I asked raising my voice.
“No, you’re good,” Rick answered. “But again tell me what…”
“Get away from me,” I said pushing past him holding the shot gun.
I turned off all the lights in the apartment, stalked to the window in the living room swung the curtain opened and screamed. I wasn’t screaming alone the pizza girl was screaming with me. I felt arms around me and heard the curtain close. The shot gun left my hand and lights came on.
I leaned against Rick’s chest for a few seconds feeling his arms wrap around me, his strength run through me, then jerked my head up and said, “Wait, I need to go out there and check the parking lot.” I looked down at my hand and asked, “Where’s my shot gun?” I then yelled, “Who took my shot gun?”
Brian held the gun up and asked, “Why don’t you let us do that? Who are we looking for?”
“No. No,” I said shaking my head and eyes bulging, “I’ll do it. You can’t go out there.”
“Chloe,” Rick held my face in his hands and said, “we can do this faster and quieter than you. This is what SEALs are trained for.” He smiled and added, “Now, where’s your key.”
“My key?” I asked.
“So we can get back in,” he said quietly. “We’ll go out your bedroom window. Come on guys I’ll fill you in.”
“It’s by my purse.” I couldn’t believe they were going to climb out my bedroom window and check out the parking lot for me. I mean, I was going to climb out the window but I really didn’t think they believed me.
He smiled and walked to the breakfast bar. While he was there he put the one shell in the 30.06. One shell. That wasn’t enough.
“I don’t have any more shells. That’s the only one.” My eyes felt dried out, I had forgotten to blink.
He grinned and said, “That’s all I’ll need. I’ll knock before opening the door so you’ll know it’s us.”
I nodded, then he nodded at the other three and they were gone. They closed the bedroom door to keep the light from entering the bedroom. I wasn’t comfortable having the window open so after a few minutes I opened the door and closed and locked the window.
Nona, Felicia, Tammy and I sat together on the sofa. Apparently, the pizza girl made it to the door; there was pizza on the coffee table. My friends surrounded me so I would stop shaking. It worked. Sort of. I rarely get this freaked out. Okay, this was the first time.
They were gone about three minutes when we heard a knock on the door, bump bump bah-dah bump. Seriously? That’s their knock? A shave and a hair cut?
My friends and I looked at each other and smiled while watching the door open.
Rick shook his head, smiled and said, “All clear.”
“You were gone, like two minutes, three at the most,” Felicia said.
“It doesn’t take long,” Chas grinned. “We only had to search the area nearest to Chloe’s apartment.”
“We also looked near Cheri’s apartment,” Rick said. “All clear.”
“I’m sorry, guys,” I said to the men. “Y’all shouldn’t’ve gone out there. I just sort of flipped out.” Flipped out. Nice phrasing for scaring the shit out of myself.
“It’s okay, Chloe,” Rick said softly. “You were shot yesterday. It’s just your reaction to being shot. Perfectly, normal.”
Perfectly normal, he says. Like it’s normal to be shot at. What world is he living in?

Chapter Twenty-One


“Whoa…,” Tony said, grinning. “Is this the woman that survived a propane tank explosion and ran through a bullet storm to knock a man down so he wouldn’t be killed?”
“No worries, besides, it felt good to team up with Ricky again.” Chas grinned.
“It felt like old times.” Rick pulled me off the sofa and gave me a hug. “Guys wait till I tell you what she did other day.”
I looked at him sideways not knowing how he was going to enlighten the group. I mean, I have so many courageous encounters; it’s hard to keep up.
“What?” Nona asked through narrowed eyes. “What did she do that I don’t know about?”
The men walked to the living room where Tony sat in the big recliner and with Nona sitting next to him but she was toward the end of the chair and not squashed up against him. Brian had pulled a kitchen chair next to his so Tammy could sit down. Chas and Rick sat on the sofa with Felicia in the middle. I had no place to sit comfortably. My sofa is extra long but it still would have been rather tight for the four of us. That didn’t seem to bother Rick. He pulled me down next to him and put his arm around my shoulder. I felt safe with it there, but it also felt strange like we were in high school or college pairing up with guys. So I sat on the floor with my back to the sofa so Felicia could have more room. Rick tossed throw pillows on the floor and sat next to me.
“Oh, Nona, Nona,” I said in a sing song, “I do so many courageous things it’s hard for me to keep track.”
“In other words, she has no idea what Rick’s talking about,” Felicia said dryly.
“Nope.” I shook my head. “No idea.”
“The day of the explosion,” Rick said, “I was talking to her while she was eating lunch in a Burger King.”
“Oh, no,” I begged, “you’re not.”
“Apparently, some Green Berets…” He laughed and placed an arm around my shoulders. Obviously he was going to tell it. “…were also in there, because they did something to Chloe, she didn’t tell me what exactly. Something about a wave, that wasn’t a wave. Anyway, our Chloe flipped off the Green Berets.” By the time he was through he was laughing hard.
The men laughed so hard, I think they were crying. The women laughed and said, “Chloe,” several times.
“Whoa…back up,” Tony said, “you flipped off a bunch of Green Berets?”
“Yeah, there were a gaggle of Green Berets in Burger King,” I said making a face. “I didn’t wait around for introductions. I walked out as fast as I could until I was outside and then I ran. I mean, what was I thinking? Those men were trained killers.”
“Oh, it doesn’t matter if you ran,” Chas said, “that’s just freaking beautiful.”
“This woman,” Tony said, “has balls.”
“I don’t think I’ve heard anything so impressive since…,” Brian looked at Rick, winked and said, “You flipped off the brass.”
“We won’t go there,” Rick said quickly. “Needless to say, while we were talking I was laughing so hard, I was crying. Her brother, my partner Cody, walks out the bathroom and sees me laughing so I make like I’m talking to a buddy about flippin’ off some Green Berets.” By the time he’s through telling this outrageous story he’s laughing so hard he could barely be heard.
Everyone in the room was laughing pretty hard, so I couldn’t help but laugh too. It was a stupid thing to do. Just add it to my list.
A few minutes later everyone was able to breathe again and their eyes were dry from all the laughing. The pizza boxes were put away and we were sitting and chatting. Tammy decided we didn’t have enough of Chloe telling time.
“Rick, did she tell you about stealing a nun’s habit, and breaking into a nunnery, to get information from a nun that’s taken a vow of silence?”
“Oh, do tell,” Tony said with a laugh. “This has got to be good.”
“I didn’t break in,” I said defending myself. “I walked in. The guard nun in the front wouldn’t let me in so I had to find another way.” I shrugged.
“Of course, her other way was climbing a brick wall in the back of the convent.” Felicia grinned.
“And then stealing a habit from the laundry,” Tammy continued.
“I didn’t steal it,” I said, still defending myself. “I borrowed it. I gave it back.”
“She put this habit on and walked right in the back door. Can you believe it?” Nona asked, shaking her head.
“What is it when you dress like the people you’re trying to infiltrate? Dressing like the locals?” I asked.
“Yeah,” Rick grinned and said, “that’s it. Dressing like the locals.”
“Well, that’s what I did,” I said smugly with my eyes closed.
“She didn’t know where to go,” Tammy continued the story, “but she found the stairs and ran into another nun. She thought she was gonna get caught because she didn’t have a rosary on her belt like the other nun. Thankfully the nun didn’t notice.”
“Do we really need to tell this?” I whined.
“Yes, they do,” the men chorused.
I closed my eyes, shook my head, and asked, “Why did Cheri have to get so chatty the other day while y’all were waiting on me to come back to the office for lunch?”
I was still shaking my head when Felicia continued. “She found the nun she was hunting for because their names were on the door. Can you believe it? Why would they have names on the door?”
“I don’t know,” I said, chuckling, “I was just glad to see the names. It was dark in the hall. It was scary. I was waiting for a nun to come out one of those rooms, point at me and say, ‘She doesn’t belong,’ in a deep weird kind of voice.” I shuddered. “You know, like that old movie, something to do with pod people.”
They all laughed and Nona picked up the story. “She found the right room and knocked. The nun opened the door but wouldn’t let her in so she stuck her foot in the door to block it.”
“Sister Bonita was hellava lot stronger than she looked. She was little but dang, she was strong.” The giggles in the room were growing louder.
“Remember, the nun took a vow of silence,” Nona was saying. “She wouldn’t talk to her. Chloe talked but the nun wrote everything down.” I rolled my eyes and shrugged as if to say, ‘What else were we going to do?’
“After they talked and wrote,” Felicia said, giggling, “Chloe walked down stairs but there were too many nuns to get around.”
“It was a nun convention down there,” I said shaking my head. “I took one look and thought, ‘Great. They’re gonna catch me dressed like one of them and they’re gonna take turns slapping me on my knuckles or palm of my hand with a ruler.’ My Confirmation teacher was a nun, and she slapped my knuckles or palms every chance she got.” I shook my head. “Not Cody, not my cousin, Cheri. Me. My children are gonna have a fear of nuns and I won’t ever have to say anything about her. It’s imbedded in my genes now.”
Everyone was laughing so hard it took a few minutes for Tammy to get her breath before she could say anything else. “She goes back upstairs and looks for an empty room so she can climb out of the window. And she finds one in a closet and shoves herself with her big habit robe out of the small window.”
“You act like that was the first time I ever had to climb out of a window,” I said, rolling my eyes and shaking my head.
“But wait it gets better.” Nona laughed. “After climbing onto to the roof she gets caught and has to make an excuse for being on the roof. Get this; she says she’s out there appreciating God’s work. She tells the other nun she should go back inside because it’s cold and Chloe didn’t want her to catch a cold.”
“Okay here’s the ending,” Felicia said, shaking her head and wiping her eyes. “She jumps off the roof and grabs a tree limb and climbs down. But, she’s on the back side of the wall. So, she walks, or well, limps, to Cheri grabs the step ladder and climbs back over the wall so she can put back the habit.”
Rick is leaning against me with his arm still around my shoulders laughing so hard I have to hold him up. The others didn’t have anyone to hold them so they were falling on top of each other laughing.
“Okay, alright, I see I have to defend myself, again,” I said, raising my voice to be heard. “When I dropped down from the tree it had to be at least twenty feet…”
“Cheri said more like seven feet,” Nona cut in.
“Whatever.” I rolled my eyes. “I had to climb out of the window and my foot kept getting caught in the hem and there was no other way to get out. And I had to put the habit back because Cheri refused to do it. I’m not a thief. Everybody knows you steal from a church you’re going straight to hell.” I threw my arms in the air and said, “And to top it all off, I asked Sister Bonita what nuns wore under their habit and she shut the door on me.” I paused then said, “I bet it’s sexy, lacy undies.”
They roared. There wasn’t a dry eye in the room. I laughed just as hard.
“That’s how you twisted your ankle.” Rick laughed after catching his breath.
“Yep. And that’s why I didn’t want Cody to know how I twisted it.” I rolled my eyes and added, “He has a problem with borrowing items and entering buildings uninvited.”
“Go figure.” Rick shrugged.
“I know, right?” I said, looking perplexed.
Brian took a deep breath and said, “That’s beautiful. She came up with new and inventive ways as she went along. She could give new SEAL recruits a lesson on recon.”
“I have to admit, there are times when I really enjoy my work.”
We sat there catching our breaths for few minutes. I looked around the room and said, “I’m not the only one that’s done some exceptional things…” Before I could finish there was a knock on the door.
I looked around, and shrugged my shoulders. Rick tightened his grip and said, “Ask who it is.”
“Who is it?” I called.
“Johnny.” Oh, no.
I leaned my head back on sofa cushion and groaned, “This night just gets better and better.”
“Who’s Johnny?” Rick asked as I was getting up.
I removed my .22 from my hip and said, “I better leave this here. I may use it on him.”
Johnny was the man I was once madly in love with. I was planning a nice wedding when he called me and said he thought it was best we put our wedding on hold. On hold he says. One doesn’t put a wedding on hold. You either get married or you don’t. That’s how Cody met Morgan. He came home from leave and ran into the both of them coming out of the mall while he was going in. He told Morgan what Johnny did to me and she slapped Johnny. Well, now she didn’t have a way home. Cody being the honorable Marine that he was gave her a ride home and the rest is history.
“Her ex-fiancé,” Felicia told him. “He comes here for a booty-call about once a month and Chloe throws him out.”
I checked the peep hole, but I knew it was asshole. I opened the door just wide enough for me to stand in the opening. Johnny has dark hair and blue eyes and six feet tall. His body is very toned but not nearly as toned as Rick and his buddies.
“What do you want?” I snarled.
“Hey, I just heard,” he said, looking me up and down. “How are you doing?”
“Good, I’m good,” I said, closing the door.
“Wait,” he said, blocking the door. “I came by to find out how you were and to tell you my unit has been called up. I’m going to Afghanistan next week.” He’s in the Air National Guard and is a helicopter pilot. He says he’s very good. I hope so for his unit’s sake.
“Oh, well, be careful, stay safe.”
I was closing the door when it was held and opened wider; Rick said from behind me, “Did you say Afghanistan? Been there, it’s a hell hole keep your head down.”
Johnny looked from Rick to me, like he was stunned to see a man in my apartment. I was too but that was beside the point.
Rick held out his hand, smiled humorlessly and said, “Rick Thompson, and just so you know, if you ever come back here for sex, either before your deployment or after, I will rip your head off and shove it up your ass.”
Johnny’s eyes widened and his mouth dropped opened but I said, “Ooh, visual imagery.”
His eyes hardened and he said, “I didn’t come here for sex. I came here to see how Chloe was doing and to tell her I was being deployed.”
“I came here to talk, as well,” Rick said on a laugh. “If you see me tomorrow and I have a goofy grin on my face it means we had a nice long talk.”
Johnny glared and I waggled my eyebrows. He was walking away as I said, “Hey Johnny, now you have a different image to think about.”
I closed the door turned to Rick who was grinning broadly, and I said, “Thanks for the help but I could have gotten rid of him.”
“Oh, yeah?” he asked, “How is that working for you?”
I opened my mouth took a deep breath and then closed it, “Alright. Point taken.”
Tony was looking at my .22 and asked, “When was the last time you cleaned this?”
“Um…a while ago.”
“Do you have any gun oil?” he asked with a disgusted look.
“I’ll get it.” I walked to my bedroom and took out my gun cleaning supplies from my closet. I walked back to the living room and placed a towel on the coffee table with the cleaning supplies.
“Cool,” Tony grinned, “I haven’t cleaned a weapon this small in a long time.”
“Knock yourself out,” I said on a laugh.
Rick sat on the floor with his arm on the couch with his hand holding up his head and his body twisted toward me. I leaned against him and was very comfortable.
“Rick or should I say Ricky,” Nona grinned, “she should have had you threaten Johnny a long time ago. That’s the first time I’ve ever seen Chloe smile while dealing with him.”
Rick bowed his head and said, “My pleasure.”
I looked up at him and asked, “You don’t mind the name Ricky?”
“Hell, no,” Tony cut in. “He could be called a lot worse. Like asshole or jerk-off or jackass or…”
“Alright, they get it,” Rick cut him off. “No, I don’t mind. My family calls me Rick, so either one is fine.”
“Oh, yeah,” I grinned, “payback time. Although, I have to admit their escapades don’t have near the panache mine has.”
“No, sweetie,” Felicia laughed, “and that’s why we love you.”
“Wait,” I said confused, “did she just say they keep me around because I make them look good?” I knew it. I’m the grenade the wing-man jumps on so his friend can chat-up the babe.
“Yeah,” Nona winked, “that too.” I knew there was a reason they kept me around. This is gonna be fun.
I smiled a straight smile at Nona, “Nona and I went to school together and we went to college with Tammy and Felicia.”
“Anyway, we were sixteen, and it was a hot summer’s night and I was I spending the night at Nona’s house. Around midnight she talks me into going outside to her tree house, from which the neighbor boy’s bedroom could be seen from.”
“Uh-oh.” Tony grinned. “I don’t know if I like where this is going.”
“Yeah, well, this tree house had been around for about fifteen years, so the floor boards were a bit rough.”
“To say the least,” Nona laughed.
“Because it was late, we only had our sleep shirts on,” I said, shaking my head. “No one was around so no one saw us in our cute long shirts.”
The guys were grinning, probably picturing themselves at sixteen and what they were doing. Probably not the same things we were doing. They were more likely taking off sixteen-year-old girls’ night shirts.
“Eric, her neighbor, is in his bedroom with just his shorts on. He was our age, sixteen and very thin, but he had an older brother that was twenty that was home from college and slept in the room next to his.”
“Am I gonna like this story?” Rick asked.
Felicia and Tammy giggled, I shrugged and continued, “Eric’s brother, Steve, was built like an athlete lean and toned. Very nice to a sixteen-year-old girl.” Nona and I laughed.
“While Eric was in his room, Steve was in his room changing for bed. That’s right, off came the shirt, off came the shorts then off came the underwear.” Nona grinned and groaned.
“Now, remember we were sixteen and had never seen a naked man before,” I said seriously.
“It was very orgasmic. But it ruined the moment when we both scooted closer to the tree house window and got a butt full of splinters.” Nona shook her head sadly.
The men laughed and Chas said, “Sixteen-year-old girls aren’t as innocent as they seem.”
“No,” Felicia said laughing, “these two weren’t since they had to talk themselves out of asking Steve to take the splinters out.” This got another laugh.
“You might say that was one of my escapades, too, and it was. But it was Nona’s, sweet Nona’s idea to go out there in the first place,” I said, grinning.
“She’s still a voyeur,” Felicia laughed.
Nona raised one shoulder and nodded, agreeing.
“Now Felicia,” Nona said, turning to Felicia, “has learned when the meteorologist says it’s a fifty percent chance of rain to not wear a white T-shirt, thin khaki shorts while wearing fuchsia bra and underwear.”
“She was so chic, but it looked like she wasn’t wearing anything at all. Which would have been okay, except,” Tammy said looking at Felicia and grinning broadly, “we were at her nephew’s T-ball game.”
 We were laughing and it took me a few tries to say, “A few...a few of the divorced dads asked for her number that day. And that was all you, baby,” I said pointing at her with both hands, “I had nothing to do with that one.”
Felicia looked at me and said, “Touché,” while kicking me.
“Hey, she kicked me,” I said, laughing.
Felicia, Nona and I turned to Tammy. Tammy looked at us hard, and said, “You can’t resist can you? You have to tell that story.”
Felicia grinned and said, “Yeah, we kind of do.”
“This sounds disturbing,” Brian said with a glance to his buddies.
“But we lived to tell the tale,” Felicia said forebodingly.
“Oh, good God,” Tammy rolled her eyes, “it’s not that bad.”
“No, yeah, it really is,” we three said together and laughed.
“But entertaining,” I said looking up at Rick. I didn’t realize we were quite so close. He grinned and winked. I turned my head back to the group and continued trying not to be flustered. “It was a hot, humid summer night two years ago in Alexandria, Louisiana. Tammy, being the horny bitch that she is…” I said with a straight face.
“Oh…Chloe!” Tammy slapped at me and missed.
“Oh, yeah. Nona’s the horny bitch,” I laughed.
“Well, she got the bitch right,” Nona glared.
“I think she got it alright,” Felicia laughed while fist bumping me.
“I’m in love,” Tony purred.
We laughed and Felicia said, “Chloe’s right about the two years part, well actually, as I said, she was right about everything. Anyway, the five of us went to Daytona for our vacation. Cheri was with us; we tanned, danced, went snorkeling, and did the tourist thing.”
“And that’s why I love living in Florida,” Chas grinned. “Women doing the tourist thing.”
“Anyway, when we returned, Tammy found out her boyfriend had been seeing someone else. A co-worker had seen them out.” I laughed and said, “Tammy wasn’t a happy camper.”
“Yeah, she sits over there with her porcelain complexion, blond hair, blue eyes, looking like a beautiful doll,” Nona said dreamily. “Which she is and it takes a lot to get her riled.”
 Brian grinned and put an arm around the back of her chair. “I think I’m gonna like this story,” he said, laughing. .
“But when she does,” I said, “watch out. You could lose an arm, or eye or whatever she can reach. Didn’t you see her slap at me? I’m just glad Rick was sitting between us.”
“Ouch. But it does sound interesting.” Brian was starting to leer. I think he was getting turned on by our innocent Tammy.
Tammy had crossed her arms trying to look like she wasn’t enjoying the attention. It wasn’t working.
“Anyway, the five of us drove to Jackson’s apartment to confront him. We had drunk a little encouragement before leaving Tammy’s apartment so we were ready for action,” Nona said, grinning broadly. Felicia, Tammy and I started giggling.
“Uh-oh, they were drunk and ready for action and now they’re giggling. This can’t be good,” Chas said, laughing. “But then again, drunken women ready for action has a nice ring to it.”
“Jackson lived or lives, he’s not dead, in a townhouse, which is really quite nice,” I said, shrugging my shoulders and ignoring Chas’ comment. “Anyway, out front bending over was a woman…Tiffany.”
“Here we go,” Tony laughed. “What did my girl do?”
Nona turned to look at him and the rest of us just stared at him. As if to say, ‘Your girl?’
“I told you I was in love. You, Chloe, deserve a medal, but I’m in love with Nona.”
Nona rolled her eyes, shook her head, ignored Tony’s comment and said, “We discussed the situation before piling out of Tammy’s roomy Honda CRV. I’m always in the middle, so it’s not like I can open a window to get any air.”
“Do you want some cheese, Nona?” I asked, rolling my eyes. “We decide Cheri and Felicia are gonna take Tiffany from each side. Nona and I are gonna jump on her back and Tammy is gonna bitch slap her. Sounds easy right? I mean, think about it, it’s five against one. What could go wrong?”
“Never ask that. Never ask what could go wrong.” Brian laughed. “You should always know what can go wrong.”
“We should have thought of that because Murphy crashed the party,” Tammy groaned. “It started out fine. I ran around to get in front of Tiffany, Cheri and Felicia each grab an arm. Nona and Chloe jumps on her back.” She shrugged and said, “Easy, peasy.”
“They really know how to build up the tension, don’t they?” Chas laughed.
“I don’t know if I want to know what happened.” Rick laughed.
“You don’t, but we’re gonna tell you anyway.” I looked around the room. The men were all wide eyed and with wide grins.
Felicia laughed and said, “Okay, like I said, we took off to our assigned places. We jump and grab. We couldn’t have timed it better if we tried. And considering Tammy was the only one that wasn’t drunk, that was impressive.”
“Tiffany rose up like a phoenix. It was like one of those silly movies you see where a guy has fifteen other guys on top of him and the top guys go flying off of him when he stands up,” Tammy said, laughing. “Nona and Chloe fly off her back, with Chloe on top of Nona. Cheri and Felicia go off to the side and I ran from behind her so I wouldn’t be caught between her and the house.”
“Very good,” Brian beamed, “you don’t want to be trapped.”
“Standing in front of us was a six foot two-inch, two hundred twenty pound, braless, double E woman, wearing a white tank top and daisy dukes.” Nona paused and then added with a shake of her head. “With a big-ass hand gun.”
“In the pouring rain. At that instant the bottom fell out of the sky,” I said. “We didn’t see a gun when we went barrelin’ after her.”
“She must have had it between her breasts,” Felicia said.
“She could have hidden an Uzi between her breasts,” Nona said admiringly.
“And pulled the trigger without using her hands,” I said. “Tiffany was utterly impressive,” Tammy said, nodding.
The men lost it, laughing and repeating the word utterly, and we four women were staring off into space remembering. It was really an awesome night. We worked really well together as a team.
“Well, what happened?” Rick asked after pulling himself together.
“That was the biggest gun I had ever seen,” Tammy said.
“I was terrified,” Felicia said.
“I was scared shitless,” Nona said.
“I still have nightmares,” I said.
“My God, what kind of gun was it?” Chas asked.
The four of us looked at him and with a straight face said, “A derringer.”
The men roared. It took five minutes for them to get themselves back together again. I thought a couple of them, and I won’t name names, peed their pants.
They took several deep breaths and wiped their eyes and generally got themselves back together before Brian asked, “What happened next? There’s got to be something after that.”
“Yeah, Tammy, Felicia and Cheri took off for the car while Chloe and I were backing up toward the car. I had my hand on Chloe’s stomach like this.” She held her hand up with fingers spread. “We didn’t want to turn our back to her. In case she grew larger we wanted to be ready,” Nona said laughing. Actually, we all laughed.
 “Double E Tiffany, in her wet, white tank top was yelling, ‘Who the hell are you people?’ and waving her big-ass gun around,” Tammy said and got more laughs. “Then it thundered. It lightning and thundered at the same time and we jumped a foot off the ground it was so loud.”
“Unfortunately, Tiffany did too while having her finger on the derringer’s trigger. Needless to say, her finger flinched,” I said.
“Tell me the bullet went wide,” Chas said, a bit more serious now. The chuckles came to a complete stop.
“Considering we don’t know what she was aiming at it could have gone wide. She swears she didn’t mean to pull the trigger,” Felicia said raising her shoulders and nodding. “I have to say we believed her.”
“In any case, the bullet went through Nona’s hand,” Nona raised her hand to show the scar, “and lodged in Chloe’s left ovary,” Tammy explained, fighting a grin. She knew that would get a response.
“What? You were shot?” I don’t know who said it first; the men were all talking at once.
“Why didn’t you tell me you’ve been shot?” Rick asked.
“You didn’t ask. So this,” I said pointing at my left temple, “isn’t my first rodeo.”
“Go ahead, Chloe, show them your scar,” Nona laughed, “I showed them mine.”
All the men looked at me like they were waiting for me to show them my scar. I narrowed my eyes and said, “I am not gonna show my scar. It wasn’t that big a deal. Well, it was, but I still have my ovary. I just don’t know how well that one works.” It hurt like hell to be shot but I wasn’t going to admit it.
“Not a big deal she says. Do you know what she said after she was shot?” Not waiting for an answer Nona continued, “Well, hell, I was having fun ‘til this happened.”
“That’s what you said when you were shot, Brian,” Tony laughed.
“We were kicking ass. Then I got shot in my upper arm which really put a downer on the rest of the day,” Brian laughed.
“I know, right? We were working as a team having fun, kicking ass, well… we weren’t actually kicking ass.” I said making a face. “Tiffany could have thrown the gun and did as much damage.”
“Hell, she could have thrown the bullet and did as much damage,” Nona laughed.
“Yeah, good times,” Tammy grinned, “especially since I wasn’t the one that got shot.”
“Damn straight,” Felicia agreed with a laugh.
Nona and I gave each other an air high five. We were lucky even if it was just a derringer. We didn’t press charges against Tiffany and she didn’t press charges against us. We were all fined for disturbing the peace, but that was all. Cody of course, gave us all hell and he was given a hard time at work. But I really think he likes the attention my stunts give him. He denies it and I deny pulling stunts, so it’s all good.
We talked a while longer about some of the things the men had pulled on each other. With them being in a war torn or third world country their stunts were a lot more dangerous.
Like when they were sixty clicks from their extraction area and had to be there in twenty minutes so they stole the mayor of a Central American city’s car. The whole town came after them carrying Uzis and MP5’s. I wouldn’t have laughed. I would have been scared to death. They laughed the whole time they were telling the story.
The time was passing quickly when Brian’s cell phone rang. Their senior chief was telling them to go back to the airport and they would leave within the hour. Rick could have driven his buddies back in his truck alone but Tony wanted Nona to ride with them.
“Come with us to the airport Nona, when Senior said within the hour that’s more of a suggestion,” he said on a laugh. “He wants to make sure we’re there and ready to go wheels up.”
Nona looked at us like she wanted to go but wasn’t going anywhere with a bunch of men by herself.  She opened her mouth to answer when Brian said, “Tammy, why don’t you come too? Me and you can ride with Ricky and Chloe and Chas and Felicia can ride in another car with Tony and Nona.”
We piled into Rick’s truck and Felicia’s Camry. Nona has a 1968 Mustang, sweet car. When you have a couple of guys that can bench press a Mustang there’s not much of a choice but go with the leg room.
Walking into the terminal made me a little nervous. Of course, the men didn’t let us get very far away because there were several other men in their unit. With their equipment and those men that plane was going to have one hell of a time getting off the ground. Maybe they should have another plane to give them a push.
The airport terminal was fairly new, with a waterfall to help drown out noise. It was about eight feet high and about eight feet across, with a pool to catch the water. I was told when it was built it made too much noise and had to be refitted. A sign said, ‘Do Not Throw Coins,’ but of course there were coins in the pool. It is at an airport; some poor fools were wishing for luck in the air.
We were talking near the waterfall when a commanding-looking man walked over to us. Tony turned to him, smiled and said, “Senior Chief, I want you to meet the woman I fell in love with tonight.” The Senior Chief smiled and Tony put his arm around Nona’s shoulders and said, “This is Nona and these other beauties are Tammy, Felicia and Chloe. I haven’t laughed so much in years. These women could teach new recruits how to think on their feet.”
“This is Senior Chief Bushrod,” Rick said.
“And I’m Lt. Sean MacCaren, their commander,” said a man a little older than the others but just as well built. Rick turned toward the men to talk but kept his hand in mine. I don’t know why I let him hold my hand but I liked it.
I have to admit, it was intimidating being around all those guys that were trained to disarm and well, kill. Nona looked like she could have taken them all on, and probably could have while Tammy, Felicia and I wanted to hide under a chair. Nona and Tony were the shortest ones in the building but they were also the only two that looked completely comfortable.
“I feel like a bar bunny,” Felicia leaned over Tammy to tell me, so we could both hear her.
We nodded, wide eyed without answering. Brian was standing across from Tammy, leaned toward us and said, “You are not bar bunnies. If you were, you wouldn’t have stayed at Chloe’s apartment. You would have suggested we leave.” He looked at Tammy and Felicia, winked and said, “I don’t remember anyone suggesting that.”
“I even liked climbing out of Chloe’s bedroom window,” Chas said on a laugh. “Take care of the rifles, Chloe. Make sure they’re clean.”
“Back up,” Lt. MacCaren said, “did you say, climb out of Chloe’s window? Should I ask why? And rifles?”
Everyone looked at me. “It was nothing…” Rick was saying.
“I flipped out,” I cut in, “I’m a private investigator and I was hired to find a painting and someone doesn’t want me to find it. I…”
“Wait a minute. Is this the woman that was blown across a yard by a propane tank explosion and was shot while tackling a man so he wouldn’t be killed?” Lt. MacCaren asked grinning.
“While being shot at herself?” The Senior Chief asked looking amazed.
I looked at Rick, shook my head and glared without saying anything. Why did he have to tell everyone about me? I mean, I’m glad I was there to knock Jason down, but he might not have been shot at in the first place if it wasn’t for me.
“Chloe…you don’t mind if I call you Chloe do you?” The Senior Chief asked.
I shook my head no.
“Good. I have seen men flip out for far less than that.” He looked me in the eye and asked, “You didn’t shoot anybody tonight did you?”
“No, but I scared the hell out of the pizza girl.” I looked at Rick and asked, “You did give her a nice tip, didn’t you?”
“Yeah. She’ll wish everyone opened a curtain and screamed at her,” he said, laughing. Which made the other men laugh, and in turn made my friends laugh.
“Don’t believe everything these boneheads tell you,” I said, and waved my arm around to my friends. “I won’t be there to defend myself like I did with these skinny-ass bimbos.”
“Did she just call us skinny-ass?” Felicia asked looking at Tammy.
“And bimbos?” Tammy asked.
“Yeah. What are you gonna do about it, bimbo?” I asked bulking up with my hands on my hips and jerking my head to the side. The terminal around us grew quiet. The guys standing around were ready for a cat fight. I could see a few grins from the ones standing behind Nona.
“Nothing, I just wanted to make sure you said we were skinny.” Felicia grinned. “And you look damn good, too, bitch.”
We laughed and fist bumped each other. There were a few comments about being disappointed. They can go to a strip joint and pay if they want to see women fight. The four of us weren’t going to. Besides, I didn’t see Jell-o or a mud pit, so why bother?
Someone in uniform talked to the lieutenant and he announced it was time for them to go. We gave the guys a hug and watched them walk to the plane. Tony whispered something to Nona before leaving and she blushed but I didn’t hear what he had said. The other guys said something to Felicia and Tammy but they didn’t blush. It actually takes a lot to make Nona blush so it must have been a doozy. That means I don’t have to ask, I can guess. No, I’m going to ask.

Chapter Twenty-Two


Rick and I walked Felicia, Tammy and Nona to Felicia’s car and then walked back to his truck. We were walking behind the women, watching them giggle and talk. I should have felt left out but I didn’t. I blamed it on my headache. It was a mighty long walk on that cold January night; the terminal was a good distance from the parking lot. Rick held my hand so my hand was warm and I felt…let’s just say I was warming up on that walk on that cold January night. Although, if I had any since I wouldn’t be holding his hand. Why was I holding his hand? Didn’t I say I didn’t want to have anything more to do with him? Damn, this brain damage thing was worse than I thought. Now I was doing things I’d had no intentions of doing.
I started thinking about the things I had learned tonight about the case. Was there really someone out there gunning for me? Could someone really not want me to find the painting? Do they know where the painting is? I didn’t think so. I think they’re actually waiting for me to find it. I wonder if Jason Jr. was killed for the painting or was it for some other reason. You know, like gambling or drugs. What a coincidence that would be. Do I believe in coincidences? Well, stranger things have happened. Like, Rick holding my hand. The man has abs that would make any breathing woman drool. But I’m getting off track, back to the painting. I need to find out if Jason Jr. was into anything else. Surely, the cops would have looked into that. And looky here, I’m holding a cop’s hand. What’s he going to say, he can’t talk because he’s busy with a perp? Cody does that to me all the time. He’s says it’s not on purpose. Yeah, like I really drive through that many dead zones. ‘Chloe, did you hang up on me? No, I drove through a dead zone.’
“Rick, do you know anything about Jason Jr.?”
He narrowed his eyes and asked, “What do you mean?”
“You know, was he into drugs or gambling or anything that’s illegal? Something that would get him killed.” Narrowed eyes, growling and snarling doesn’t deter ace private investigator.
“You need to stop thinking about that. Not tonight,” he smiled and squeezed my hand as I tried to pull my hand away.
“I’m serious, Rick. Was he into anything? I need to know whether it was something else besides the painting,” I said, trying hard to keep my voice calm.
He opened the door for me on the passenger side of the truck and then walked to his side. I could see his expression from the dash light when he started the truck. He was searching my face while I was searching his. He had his cop face on so I couldn’t read anything. I on the other hand, I was sure my expression showed him exactly what I was thinking. I wasn’t giving up on this, no matter what he said. If he didn’t tell me, I was going to ask Cody.
He shook his head, put the truck in gear and said, “You win. Yeah, he was gambling. He’d bet on everything. Sports, cards, he’d even bet on how many fish he’d catch and whether he’d kill anything when he went hunting.”
“Something tells me he wasn’t very good at it.”
“No. He stunk. His wife was threatening to leave him for the second time.”
We drove for a while in silence. I have to find out who his gambling buddies were. That shouldn’t be too hard. All I have to do is ask. Right. Just like finding a painting wouldn’t be hard. No, I think this would be easier. Unless Jr.’s wife blames the shooting on me, but why should she? If his being shot was because of his gambling, then I had nothing to do with it. Boy, I should keep that happy thought; I may be able to sleep tonight.
I looked at him smiled and asked, “Would you be willing to tell me who his buddies were?”
“Why?” He gave me a side glance with narrowed eyes.
If I tell him I wanted to compare the names to my list, he’ll take my list. Wouldn’t he and Cody have already thought of that?
“You and Cody took my list didn’t you?” I glared.
“We may have made a copy of it,” he said smiling.
I shook my head. Unbelievable. No, I have no problem believing it. And I’m told I skirt the law.
“You could’ve asked me,” I mumbled.
“You were unconscious. We did what we had to do.” His voice was hard.
“Did any of the names match?” I asked with a hard voice.
“No. They didn’t.”
Okay. I’m gonna have to think about this. I’ll talk to Jason’s wife tomorrow. Will I tell Rick? Not likely. I still can’t believe they went through my purse to find my list. True, I went through Rick’s wallet but that’s different. It was my purse. Forget it. I would have done the same thing.
Thinking about the Tamereaux family depressed me and I shivered. Rick must have thought I was cold because he adjusted the heat and asked, “Are you cold?”
I slowly nodded my head and answered, “Yes, a little.” I wasn’t about to tell him this was creeping me out. But still…
I took a deep breath, stared out the passenger window, and said, “I really don’t want to be alone tonight. I know, you’re thinking’ that’s crazy because I’ve had company or have been in the hospital with people all around me.”
He shook his head slightly, smiled and said, “No. I don’t think it’s crazy. Did you talk to anyone about staying with them tonight?” Wow, he’s being chivalrous. He didn’t automatically invite me to his place.
Unfortunately, I didn’t talk to anyone about staying with them. I just realized I was going to be alone. And I didn’t want to be.
I shook my head without looking at him and said, “No.” This was absurd. This was insane.
He didn’t answer. We drove across the Red River without talking so I knew where we were going. Where else would he go but to his house? What was I doing? But I really didn’t want to be alone tonight and I didn’t want to wake up Cody. Can I come up with excuses or what?
I smiled to myself thinking about how the last time I drove this way I skidded off the road. I didn’t think we were going off road this time. It was just as dark as it was the first time and it wasn’t raining, but it still looked like serial killer alley.
“Is it always this quiet on serial killer alley?” I asked.
“Yeah. That’s why I like it.” He looked at me winked and added, “No witnesses.”
“Oh, nice,” I said without emotion.
He laughed, and asked, “Would you whether stay in a hotel?”
“No. I paid my rent. I don’t have enough in my account to pay for a hotel.” I laughed. “You could say I’m just using you.”
“That’s fine. Use away,” he said and shrugged.
He turned into the driveway of a nice Acadian-style house with a security light left on. It was one story but with a high roof. The carport was to the side of the house and the entire front of the house was a deep porch with a nice swing on the far right side. Three steps led up to the front door from the middle of the porch. The entire house was of vinyl siding with dark blue shutters. It was too dark to see much but what I could see was nice.
“I would have never guessed you would have a house like this.” I laughed.
“What? You don’t like it?” he asked, sounding offended.
“No. I love it. I’ve always liked this style house.”
“Oh, well, thank you.” He grinned. “I like it too. The owners had to sell because they were moving out of state. It was only two years old, so I jumped at it.” He glanced at me and said with a grin, “I was told women like this style house.”
“Ah, you bought it to impress women. Figures,” I said, shaking my head.
“No. I really like the house. It’s mine.”
I opened the passenger door while he was walking around the truck and we walked to the side door coming in from the carport. He opened the door and I stood in the living room, actually it was between the living room and dining room. The living room with a fire place was to the left and a dining room with the kitchen behind it was to the right. A breakfast bar separated the kitchen and the dining room. Straight ahead was a hall with the bedrooms and I assume a bathroom or two.
In the living room, the sofa and recliner was a deep honey brown and a wooden rocker looked like something a man would buy and looked comfortable. The dining room had a six-chair oak table that looked worn, with a laptop and newspapers piled on top. Apparently, he read the paper while eating.
Now I felt nervous. What was I thinking? I knew what I was thinking and I had to stop thinking it and knew what he had to be thinking and he had to stop thinking it. Good God, I was getting myself confused thinking too much. I couldn’t get involved with Rick. Problem: I wanted to get involved with Rick. We both knew what we were doing.
He pushed me further in so he could enter the house too. I had stopped in the doorway staring at the house. “Let me give you the fifty cent tour.”
“As you can see,” he said, waving his arm wide, “living room, dining room and kitchen. The bathroom is the first door to the right. There are two bedrooms and a master down the hall. Unfortunately, I don’t have beds in the two guest rooms only my bedroom.”
I stepped further into the room and turned to him and said, “I’m not sleeping in your bed. I’ll sleep on the couch.”
His eyes widened. “Oh, okay. Sure, no problem.” He smiled his sexy smile.
 No way, buddy. Don’t even think about it. “I’m sorry. I just…look take me home. This is crazy,” I said, walking toward the door.
He put his hand on my arm to stop me and said, slightly smiling, “No, I’m not driving all the way back. You can sleep in my bed and I’ll sleep on the couch.” He put his arm around my shoulder and walked me to the sofa. “Sit here and relax. Turn on TV, I’ll be right back. I’ll get you a T-shirt and tooth brush and place them on the bed.”
“You keep extra tooth brushes? Why? Do you have unexpected guests often?” That came out a bit harsher than I intended. No, I intended it to be harsh. I just didn’t want to think I was jealous. I had no reason to be jealous.
“No,” he said on a laugh. “I went out of town and bought a double pack, so I have an extra.” He kept his sexy grin on his face. I think he liked the thought of me being jealous. In which I’m not. I had no reason to be.
“Oh, yeah, that makes since,” I said, shrugging. Get a grip Chloe. “Wait, bring them in here. I’m not sleeping in your bed. Please. I insist.”
He walked off down the hall shaking his head, and I waited while he found a T-shirt and everything else I needed for the night. I stared at the cold fire place feeling a little dazed. He came back in holding everything and smiling. “Here you go, if you need anything else let me know. I’m in the room at the end of the hall…with the door open. But I would feel more comfortable if you would let me sleep on the couch. I have before. In fact, I fall asleep on the couch all the time watching TV.” He laughed but he sounded slightly nervous. That’s odd. I didn’t think Superman got nervous.
“I’ll be fine. If you sleep on it, then I know I can too.” I smiled but now I was nervous.
He hesitated, kissed me on the cheek and walked down the hall. I turned on the lamp sitting on a side table next to the sofa, and then turned off the living room light. I walked to the bathroom to change into a big faded blue T-shirt and to brush my teeth. I hung my clothes over the towel rack and peeked out. No, Rick. I don’t know if I was disappointed or not. Oh, well, it was way past my bed time.
I placed the sheet and blankets on the couch, turned off the lamp and settled down to sleep. I couldn’t sleep. I stared at the ceiling; I couldn’t really see it because it was very dark in this part of the world. Rick’s nearest neighbor was a half mile away. I grew up in a subdivision. We had street lights and our neighbor didn’t turn off the light in their carport and it shone into my bedroom.
Okay, Chloe, since you can’t sleep, think about your case. Do not think about Rick.
I still think Jason being shot had something to do with the painting because his father was shot. If he was shot because of gambling, I was off on another trail completely. Could the trigger-happy hunter be related to a relative of the missing painting? If he was, then they were more distantly related and Petunia didn’t think they were a threat. Threat is the wrong word. She probably didn’t think they knew anything or really cared about the painting. It didn’t seem as though anybody I talked to cared about it, so why would they be any different. I can’t talk to everyone Petunia is related to, that would be ridiculous. Yeah, tomorrow I would talk to Jason’s wife.
“What the hell was that?” I flinched and almost fell off the sofa. It sounded like a woman screaming. Calm down, deep breaths. Okay, that’s better. It must have been a screech owl; I’m told they sound like a woman screaming. Wait a minute, don’t panthers sound like that as well? Great. Now I can have a jolly good time lying here listening to all the man-eating beasts in the night. I decided to lay here, stare at the ceiling, and try to guess what all the night sounds were. Maybe a bear will growl or a group of fox will go barking outside the window. Do fox bark? I don’t know, but I’m sure they make some sort of noise that will scare the bejezus out of me.
The longer I laid there talking to myself, the more thirsty I got. My mouth felt gummy. I crawled off the sofa and slunk my way into the kitchen. I looked down the hall and Rick’s light was off. I could slightly see down the hall, and stared for a while trying to figure out why I could see his open doorway. It’s probably his clock or something else glowing in there lighting up his doorway. I gave up thinking about it and crept to the kitchen. Don’t think about how Rick’s sleeping in a big comfortable bed. What does he wear to bed? Definitely don’t think about that.
“Ow, ow! Oh, crap! Crap, crap.” I was whispering but it really didn’t matter because I had stubbed my toe. I kicked a kitchen chair, and losing my balance, I put my hands out and grabbed the back of another chair and shoved it across the floor several inches. Good going Chloe. Could you make any more noise?
I sat in a chair, brought my foot up in the chair seat feeling my toe, hoping Rick didn’t hear me.
The light came on. He heard me. There I was sitting there with my leg bent and my foot in the chair. It’s a good thing I sleep in underwear.
Rick was standing there in a T-shirt and sports shorts grinning. “Why didn’t you turn on the light?” Well, now I know what he wears to bed.
“I was thirsty,” I shrugged. “I know I could have turned on the lamp but I didn’t want to wake you.”
He walked to the kitchen and asked, “What do you want to drink? Coffee, Coke and beer is all I have.”
“Water. All I want is water.” I made direct eye contact and glared so he wouldn’t think I made all that racket on purpose. You know, just to bring him to the kitchen with me. I actually would never have thought of that.
He placed a glass on the table and sat in the chair next to me. I had put my leg down so I could spare him the sight of my underwear but was leaning over looking at my foot.
“Let me see your foot,” he said patting his lap.
I placed my leg on his lap and he massaged my toe and foot. “Ow, that hurts,” I said trying to take my foot back.
“Sorry, but I don’t think it’s broken,” he said smiling. Great. I’m staying at a sadist’s house.
“No. It isn’t. I didn’t mean to wake you.” I narrowed my eyes in case he had any ideas about inflicting more pain.
“You didn’t. I was awake. Give me your other leg.” He grinned. What was he up to? But why complain? This felt too good. It was quickly going from ouch to oh yeah.
“Rick?”
“Yes?” he said making complete eye contact. And he had very nice hazel eyes.
“Is it wrong to feel guilty? I know I didn’t pull the trigger. I’m talking about the Tamereaux family. I feel so bad for them.”
He didn’t answer at first but kept massaging my legs. Oh, he had magic fingers.
He took a deep breath and said, “Yeah, you can’t help it. You especially feel guilty if a death happens and you couldn’t stop it.” He looked at me with sad eyes.
“I feel so sorry for the Tamereaux family. First the father dies and then the son gets shot. Do you think they blame me? Petunia said it wasn’t my fault. But do you think the families will blame me?” I asked looking hard into his eyes.
“No, they don’t. I was there when Reed talked to the family. They think you saved Jason’s life.” He smiled but it was another sad smile.
“Good, I feel a little better now. I’m Catholic. I feel guilty about everything. I even feel sorry for you. By the way, did you know you have man-eating beasts outside your house?”
He laughed and said, “That was a screech owl.” He then narrowed his eyes and asked, “Why do you feel sorry for me?”
“Where do I start? There are so many reasons. I wasn’t thinking. I could have slept alone at my apartment. I didn’t have to be here. You’re going out of your way to be nice to me. This makes me feel guilty.” I didn’t look at his face when I said that, I kept my head down. No eye contact, it’s easier to say uncomfortable things that way.
“That did cross my mind, but it’s okay you’re here. I want you here. What else do you feel guilty about?” I could see out the corner of my eye he was looking at me skeptically.
“It’s not really guilt, it’s more…my heart almost broke tonight watching you with your SEAL buddies. You would’ve given anything to go with them tonight.” I looked up, so I could look into his eyes. He turned his head and wouldn’t make eye contact but his grip on my legs tightened. I must hit a nerve.
“I know it’s selfish, but if you were still in the Navy, I wouldn’t have met you. And don’t say we probably would have because you came in for visits, because you know we wouldn’t have. Although, maybe that would’ve been a good thing,” I said, not looking at him. The table became very interesting. “But considering we aren’t dating and can never date, maybe not meeting would have been a good thing.” The air in the room was getting thin and my heart was starting to beat faster. Where is this coming from? I wasn’t even thinking about this.
“You don’t believe in destiny? Maybe we would’ve met.” I looked at him and he was smiling. I noticed he ignored the comment about us not ever dating.
“No. Only guys who are hoping to get lucky with girls say they believe in destiny,” I said dryly.
“Well, you’re right.” He grinned. “But when you’re captured, tortured and fail your psyche evals, you have to change your career path. So that’s what I did when I was through feeling sorry for myself. Chloe,” he said holding onto my chin so I would have to look at him, “I like it here. This is my home and I like being a cop. It might not be quite as exciting but it has its moments and I find I’m pretty good at it. Besides, I met the most amazing woman here.” His grin broadened and it actually made it to his eyes.
I smiled and shivered and it didn’t have a lot to do with the temperature of the room. It mostly likely had something to do with him massaging my thighs. Amazing. He called me amazing. One can assume he was talking about me since he was making eye contact with me when he said it.
He scooted his chair closer to mine. “Are you cold?” he asked working his hands around my waist.
“Yes, a little.” Okay, so I lied.
Rick moved my feet onto the floor and moved me onto his lap. “I can warm you,” he said kissing my neck, my throat and my mouth.
My T- shirt came off and I asked, “How did you do that? I thought I was sitting on the tail?”
“Trade secret.” He winked.
“Did you learn that in cop school or SEAL school?” I grinned.
“College.”
“I guess you had lots of experience. How many woman have you had? Four hundred?” I asked dryly. I was feeling, well, for lack of a better word, exposed, sitting on his lap without my shirt on. My heart was beating fast and I my lower stomach was tingling. I was pretending I could breathe. Concentrate. Inhale, exhale. Okay, I could do this.
“Not quite four hundred.” He laughed.
We kissed, he helped me stand up and we couldn’t keep our hands off of each other all the way to his bedroom. I helped him with his clothes, which was awkward but we managed. Man, he looked beautiful. Can a man look beautiful? Yes. When a man looks like Rick, he can look beautiful. Unfortunately, he can also see my body. Beautiful? Maybe we can turn off the lights.
“I told you the next time I slept with you, you wouldn’t be wearing clothes,” he whispered.
“Rick?”
“You have got to be kidding me. You aren’t going to tell me to stop now are you?” He said with wide eyes and added quickly. “But if you don’t want to. We can stop.” He swallowed. “Just say the word.”
“No, it’s not that, but…”
“I have condoms.”
“Good, but that’s not what I was gonna ask.”
“Then what?” he asked sounding very perplexed.
“Does this mean I can call you sugar nuts now?”
“Baby, you can call me anything you want.” He laughed.

Chapter Twenty-Three


The next morning I awoke to the sun shining through a crack in the window. I slept so good and my head didn’t hurt and where the hell am I? Reality hit me in the stomach. Rick’s bed. What did I do? Well, I know what I did and more than once. What was I thinking? Let’s not go there. There is absolutely no way I was going to sneak out of bed. Was there? No, probably not. I was facing away from him but if I move it might wake him. I had to move because me arm was asleep. I turned over and pulled my arm out from underneath my body and plopped it on top of me. I flexed it and tried moving it without shaking the bed.
 I took a good look around the room. I didn’t really notice much last night. The headboard was red and white and made out of picket fence material. The dresser across from it was plain but painted red and white with a large mirror over it. The knobs were white with red flower design in the middle. It was plain but I really liked it. The dresser was covered with photos of men and women in and out of uniform. Rick’s home was comfortable.
“Is there a problem with your arm?” I turned my head and saw that he was smiling. Ugh, time for the awkward morning after but at least he’s smiling.
“It’s asleep. I didn’t mean to wake you. I seem to say that a lot to you.” Since he was awake I decided to shake my arm around harder. So much for waking up and looking dreamily into each other’s eyes, it probably felt more like lying in bed with a jackhammer.
“I’ve been awake for a while,” he said, grinning. “I’ve been watching and listening to you sleep. Did you know you make little noises in your sleep?”
 Great. I make little noises in my sleep. Cute noises? Oh, let it be cute noises. I want to ask, but I really don’t want to know. Not now anyway, maybe in the next ten years. What am I thinking?
“Okay, I’ll bite. Cute noises?” I asked wearily.
“Yeah, cute noises,” he said, lying an arm across me. “Isn’t this supposed be the awkward morning after part?” He leaned up on his elbow so he could look down on me while we talked. It’s not really fair how a man can look good in the morning. His hair was tousled but not bad. I have major bed head. My hair goes every which way. Sexy? Not likely.
Okay, I make cute noises. I feel better about that. No, I’m not gonna ask what sort of noise. I’m not falling for that.
Awkward? Did he feel awkward? I know I felt awkward but why did he feel awkward? And why was I mad he felt awkward? Oh man, he’s sorry we had sex and he’s wondering how he can get me out of his bed without ever having to see me again. No problem, we aren’t going to have sex again.
“No. No awkwardness,” I said. “Is my underwear over there?” Yeah, that was real smooth. It’s not like he’s gonna jump on that remark.
“Do you feel awkward?” Boom. There it was.
“Is my underwear over there?” I asked, not answering the question.
“Why do you feel awkward? Okay, don’t answer that. We really need to talk,” he said giving me an, ‘I’m sexy in the morning so why don’t you want to look at me,’ look. He had stubble on his chin that some men work at having. Why couldn’t I look that good in the morning? Not that I want stubble on my chin in the morning. I really had to get out of there.
“Can we talk later? I have things I need to do today and I really need my underwear,” I said, lifting his arm from across me. What kind of woman would willingly leave the comfort of a bed while lying next to Rick? One with brain damage. I also didn’t want to hear him tell me he didn’t want to see me again. If all he wanted was to have sex we had it and now we can continue on our merry way.
“No. You can’t have your underwear until we talk,” he said, grinning. He’s grinning and not shoving me out the bed. I’m going to take that as a good sign.
“Fine, don’t give them to me. I’ll get them myself,” I said getting out of bed. I stood up and then got back in bed pulling up the covers.
“Do you mind closing your eyes?”
“I’ve seen you naked. Twice.” He laughed. Yeah, I forgot the peep show in my apartment.
I threw the covers over him, which he promptly removed, and walked to the other side of the bed. I tried walking seductively until I saw myself in the mirror and I looked like I was doing a bad imitation of a hula dance. Forget it, the faster I retrieve them the faster I can get to the hall bathroom and dress.
I was almost to the doorway when he said my name, “Chloe.” I ran for the bathroom before he could stop me. I did not want to talk about us right now. There wasn’t an us. Just a real emotional moment last night. Why did I think he wanted to talk about us? Did I think there was an us? Another good question I couldn’t get into right now.
I changed in the bathroom where I had left my clothes the night before. I had things to do I had to go the store for groceries, write up my report and interview the Tamereauxes. I had a busy day; I didn’t have time to talk about relationships.
I opened the door and Rick was leaning in the doorway leading to the living room with crossed arms. The glare on his face wasn’t real warm, although seeing him barefoot, shirtless and wearing a pair of jeans was making me warm.
“Do you have to stand there like that when I’m trying to make a point?” I asked.
He glared at me, his face closing, and mouth tightening. He cocked his head and said with a deep scary voice, “What do you mean like this? What’s your point?”
Oh, crap. He thinks I have a problem with his scars.
I crossed my arms leaned against the wall, looked him up and down and said leering, “You know damn well what you do to a woman when you stand there with your shirt off, fine fitting jeans, and your hair all messy and curly. It’s a strong woman that doesn’t have to change her underwear. But since I didn’t bring another pair, I have to keep the ones I have on.”
He grinned his sexy half grin and said, “We still need to talk.” He shook his head, laughed but it had nothing to do with humor and asked, “Do you know how many women say, ‘I love you,’ after they make love?” Love? Where did that come from? “They don’t jump out of bed as fast as they can.”
“No. I really don’t. But why don’t you use that as plan B. You can go find one of them if this doesn’t pan out for you,” I said with a hard expression.
There was a banging on the door and we both flinched.
“Oh good. Maybe that’s plan B,” I said dryly as he was walking to the door.
“It’s probably my brother,” he said opening the door.
Standing there in the door way was no brother. She was tall with long, dark blond, straight hair. Her jeans had to be pulled on with a pulley attached to a door and her green sweater was at least two sizes too small. The V neck did not stop at her neck. It stopped closer to mid chest. Her breasts were quite impressive and were the size of cantaloupes. In fact, I would have had to place cantaloupes in my sweater to have them look like that. Trust me; she did not have melons in her sweater. That would have been obvious to a blind man. And I’m sure there were plenty of men that would have jumped at the chance to read her sweater in Braille.
The woman shot daggers at me and then Rick, alternating back and forth.
“Oh good, your plan B has arrived,” I said smiling, but my eyes weren’t smiling. I was pissed. I just threw him to her but I was pissed. Didn’t make much sense, but since when do I ever make sense? I didn’t want him but I didn’t want her to have him either.
“Is this why you broke up with me?” Melon Sweater yelled through the clear storm door. It wasn’t open yet so she had to talk loud to be heard. Yep. That’s exactly why she was yelling.
“Suzanne,” Rick said opening the door, “I didn’t break up with you because of Chloe. We broke up before I met her.”
“You broke up with her?” I asked. “Rick, what were you thinking’? Even I can’t keep my eyes off her breasts.”
He jerked his head around to me and said through clenched teeth, “Not helping.”
“I know, right?” Suzanne sweater asked. “I mean, I do look good.”
“Woman, if I wasn’t straight I’d be all over you. Maybe not literally, but I would make it completely obvious that I wanted you. Now. Here. In front of Rick.”
“Again. Not helping, Chloe.” How can he be so articulate with his jaw so tightly clenched?
“Suzanne, I broke up with you before I met Chloe. I was on my way home when Chloe and her cousin ran off the road and I gave them a ride home.”
She turned to me and asked, “You jumped in a truck with a man you didn’t know?”
“I held a gun on him,” I said and shrugged.
“Oh, well that’s alright then,” she said and turned back to Rick.
“I can’t believe you had sex with her but not me.” She turned to me and said, “No offense.”
“None taken,” I said, shaking my head. I couldn’t believe he didn’t have sex with her either. His head would have gotten lost between her breasts. They made me think of Tiffany buy maybe not quite as large. I wonder if Suzanne could have pulled an Uzi trigger with no hands. With a little practice I bet she could.
“I wanted more than just sex,” He waved his hands around and said, “I know it sounds unbelievable but I want more than just sex.” Poor man was way out of his element. He could take down six guys by himself but put him between two women, one that was really PO’d and he was helpless. Suzanne and I just stared at him like he was speaking in some weird ancient language.
I had to help. Besides maybe she would give me a ride home and I don’t think he would give me one without talking first about our relationship. Good grief. I have to pick the one man that wanted to talk about relationships.
Rick slunk off into the bathroom and put on the T-shirt I had been wearing the night before.
“Suzanne, if it’s just about sex, I know a man you should meet,” I said, smiling.
“You do?” Suzanne and Rick said at once.
“Yes, I do. Unfortunately, he’s kind of a pig,” I said making a face.
“You mean ugly?” Suzanne asked wide eyed.
“No. Actually he’s very good looking. He’s almost pretty. He’s a pig because he talks about his sex life constantly. If you have sex with him, there’s a good chance he’ll talk about it to whoever will listen to him,” I said, making an apologetic face.
“You aren’t talking about Reed are you?” Rick asked dryly.
“Reed? His name’s Reed? Is that his first or last name?” Suzanne asked looking interested.
“Last name. His first name is Richard and I don’t think this is a good idea,” Rick said, glaring at me.
I glared back at him and crossed my arms. It probably wasn’t a good idea, but how else was I going to get melon sweater out of his house. He broke up with her the night I ran off the road. That explains why he didn’t seem to be in a good mood. It still doesn’t explain why he didn’t freak out when I drew on him. He thought he could out maneuver me. Yeah, that’s a no brainer. Truth be told, my finger wasn’t in the trigger guard, but I don’t know if he could have seen that in the dark. Hello! He’s military and a cop. They’re trained not to freak out when guns are pointed at them. Civilians, on the other hand do, i.e. derringer. Get back to Suzanne and her huge obnoxious sweater.
“He’s right Suzanne, it’s not a good idea,” I said, swinging my attention back to her. “He’s a pig. I apologize for even mentioning his name. All he’s after is sex with a woman. That’s why he can’t keep one longer than a month. I tell him it’s only two weeks, but it’s actually a month.”
You don’t think a good woman can change him?” She looked disappointed.
“Oh, God help me,” Rick groaned.
I ignored him and talked directly to Suzanne, “No. I don’t. The man is…well, come to think of it…nah. Forget it. Don’t ever think you can change a man. They…well; I shouldn’t say all but some men suck. So don’t bother they aren’t gonna change.”
Rick looked at me with a ‘What?’ look. He shook his head and said, “I think I’m offended. Should I be offended?”
“I said,” I rolled my eyes, “not all men suck. So, if you’re a man that’s sucks, then, yeah, I’m talking about you. If you don’t suck, then I’m not talking about you.” I narrowed my eyes and shook my head slightly back and forth in a look that said, ‘duh’.
Suzanne and I looked at him, waiting for him to answer. He opened his mouth a few times and closed it. I’ve seen caged birds do that.
“Oh please,” I rolled my eyes, “you don’t suck, okay? I mean, Suzanne might think you suck right about now. But we’re trying to make this right. Right Suzanne?” I said smiling at her.
“Yes. But you just said the good looking man you know is a pig. So who else do you know?” she asked with hands on her hips.
“Yeah, let me think…oh! I know!” Yes, this would work. “What about Guillory? His first name’s Jesse. He’s works in Narc. Now, that is a good looking man, if you like them with shoulder length hair. He has a bad boy look.” I looked at Rick, thought hard and nodded. “Yeah, he has a look that reminds me of Rick but Jesse is less rugged and he has a beard.” I shook my head and put my hand on Rick’s arm and added, “Don’t get me wrong I love your look. I’m just saying Guillory has one of those three-day beard things going.” I looked him up and down, made an apologetic face to Suzanne and said, “You know, he may look a little like Rick but Jesse doesn’t work out like he does.”
“That’s okay,” she jerked her head toward Rick, “he’s kind of intimidating anyway. I like them a little smaller.” She grinned.
Rick looked at her and she got one of his ‘What?’ looks.
I laughed put my arm through his, winked and said, “Don’t worry you don’t intimidate me.”
“I think I would like to intimidate you a little,” he said with a crooked grin. “But hey, you love my look.” He winked.
“Don’t get your hopes up, honey bunny,” I said, wrinkling my nose.
“So, Suzanne can you give me a lift to my apartment in Alexandria and I can find out if Jesse is seeing someone?” I turned my back to Rick so he couldn’t shake his head and tell me not to ride with her. We would have to talk later. Way, way later.
“Sure. I have to go into Alexandria anyway,” she said, smiling.
I found my shoes and socks grabbed my purse and I was ready to go.
I kissed Rick; still looking shell-shocked and said, “I’ll let you know what I learn from the Tamereauxes and Sister Bonita tomorrow.”
“Why don’t you let me come with you, at least to talk to Sister Bonita,” he said, holding me around the waist. I might not have wanted to talk about our relationship right then but I still wanted Suzanne to know Rick was off limits. I didn’t want him, but I didn’t want Suzanne to have him. I had no idea what I wanted.
“Sorry. No can do. This is all me. Besides, she probably wouldn’t talk to you. You know, being a man and all. She is in a convent.” I almost made it out the door when I stopped turned around and asked. “Do you have Jesse’s number?”
“No, but I can go to the station and get it.”
“No, don’t. Come to think of it, I have it.” The look on his face made me laugh. “Yeah, it is what you’re thinkin. But we’re just friends. Don’t worry about it. There’s a reason it didn’t work out, and Suzanne will rock his world.”
“Should I ask why it didn’t work out?” Rick asked dryly. He closed his eyes shook his head and mumbled, “Please don’t tell me it has anything to do with rocking his world.”
“His ex-wife called him night and day. But she’s gotten remarried so she quit calling him,” I said and shrugged my shoulders. “That’s what he said the last time I saw him a couple of months ago.” I paused then said, “He also thought my job was too dangerous and I was gonna get hurt.” I shrugged again and added, “I guess he was right. I’ll call him and set this up. If he’s not seeing someone.” I said that once but I thought it was a good thing to say again.
We walked out to Suzanne’s silver Z4 beamer. Nice car. Wow. I can’t believe Rick passed all this up to sleep with a woman with a used pickup truck. She probably makes four times what I make. But then, that wouldn’t be too hard to do. If you.
make minimum wage you make twice as much as I do.
“Sweet car. What do you do?” I asked bending over to maneuver into the sweet little two seater.
“I’m an attorney. What do you do?” she asked starting the car. Man I’d give my eye teeth to drive a car like this. An attorney she says. Okay, she makes a lot more than what I make.
“I’m a private investigator and I drive a used Toyota Tundra,” I said on a laugh.
“We use private investigators. Do you have card? I’ll call you the next time I need to use one.”
Sweet. I can’t believe it. I slept with the man that dumped her and she would call me the next time she needed a private investigator? That sounds too good to be true. Clearly, she has an ulterior motive.
“I’m confused. Why would you call me after what you just walked in on?” I asked, giving her a narrowed look.
“I’ve known Rick for years. We actually went to school together. I should have known it wasn’t going to work. I was bored.” She laughed and shrugged her shoulders.
“Yeah, but what if it doesn’t work out between you and Jesse? I hope you don’t blame me. I mean, he’s nice but I didn’t want to go out with him either.”
“No worries, if I think he’s a jerk, it has nothing to do with you.” She smiled. “I promise. Now what about that phone call?”
This would be so good. If she called me now and then for a job I might actually be able to pay my rent and buy groceries all in the same week.
I dug for my phone and took Suzanne’s photo while waiting at a traffic light. I searched through the umpteen dozen useless phone numbers on my cell and found Jesse’s number. I had taken his photo so when he called his photo would appear. I showed it to Suzanne. “Nice,” she smiled.
“By the way, Suzanne, do you want to have lunch with him?” I suggested lunch because it’s the most non romantic meal.
“Yes. Lunch would be good.” Okay. Now all I have to do is set this up. Sounds easy. But easy rarely is.
It was late morning so he should be awake. He answered on the third ring. “Hey.”
“Hey, Jesse.”
“Hey, Chloe. How’ve you been?”
“Good, I’m good. How’ve you been?” Suzanne was listening to our small talk and that’s all it was, small talk. No flirting.
“You know nothing but work,” he sighed.
Perfect segue. “You know what they say about all work and I have a solution. I’m sitting here with a beautiful woman that has nothing better to do for lunch than to eat it with a worthless slob like you.” I laughed.
“Oh, nice,” he said dryly, “she’s sitting there beside you and you just called me a slob.”
“Yeah, but I showed her your picture and she thinks you’re a slob worth having lunch with,” I said not even trying to hide a laugh. “Hold on and I’ll send you her picture.”
I found her photo and sent it by e-mail to his phone. It took a few minutes so we chit chatted about work.
“I heard you were shot. Are you okay?” I could hear water running. I wonder if he was in the bathroom. Doesn’t matter, at least he was washing his hands.
“Yeah, I’m fine. You know me, I have a hard head.”
“That I know firsthand. Okay, I have the e-mail. Wow! Yes. Yes, I’m free for lunch. What’s her name?” I gave Suzanne the thumbs up and grinned. Uh-oh, I don’t know her last name.
“Hold on a minute, she’s driving and she’s asking me a question.” I turned to her, muted the phone and asked her, her last name.
“Reynolds. Suzanne Reynolds and I work for Rogers and Reynolds Attorneys at Law,” she whispered.
I unmuted the phone and said, “Suzanne Reynolds and she’s an attorney. Okay, to be honest I don’t know Suzanne that well and just got her last name. We met through a mutual friend. It’ll give you something to talk about later. So, where do you want to meet her for lunch, because you will not pick her up at her place. You’re a man. This is the first time ya’ll have met so she doesn’t trust you.”
“Way to talk me up, Chloe. How about Outback? It’s very public.” He didn’t sound like he was very happy with me right then.
I asked Suzanne and she nodded. “Okay, great. How about meeting about…one?” I said looking at Suzanne, who nodded. “Out front. She’ll be the gorgeous woman. And you’ll be the sexy man. Everyone will be jealous, blah, blah, blah. Have a good lunch Jesse. Bye.”
“Bye Chloe. And thanks.”
I turned to Suzanne and said, “You cannot, I repeat, cannot tell him about Rick and me. If you do I’ll have to shoot you.”
Suzanne turned her head to me and laughed. I wasn’t laughing. I was serious. Okay, maybe not the shooting part…
“Okay, I might not shoot you. But I can make your life hell. Look at me. Do I look like a sane person? I jumped out of Rick’s bed to sit in a car with you so I could set you and Jesse Guillory up on a blind date. Don’t make me think about this too hard I may do something completely off the wall.” She turned her head to look at me and I crossed my eyes.
Suzanne laughed and asked, “What are you talking about? Are you married?”
“No, I’m not married.” I took a deep breath exhaled hard and said, “Look, Rick and I shouldn’t be seeing each other. Tell Jesse we’re both friends with my friend Tammy. He doesn’t know Tammy so it really doesn’t matter what you tell him.
“Anyway, Rick and my brother, Cody, are partners. It isn’t a real good idea for us to be seeing one another.” I paused. “I’ll tell Cody, just not right now. So please don’t tell Jesse.” But I won’t have to tell Cody because I wasn’t going to see Rick again.
“Okay, I’ll tell Jesse we met through a mutual friend and you told me about him. Would that work?”
“Works for me.” I shrugged.
We chit chatted the rest of the way back to my apartment. I gave her one of my cards so she could call me when she needed a private investigator and the update on her date.

####

I took a shower then drove to my office to write up my report. That took a lot longer than I anticipated. I felt like I was writing a book. So of course I was tired and went back to my apartment to take a nap.
Right, that would have so happened. If I would have turned off all phones in my apartment. All my friends called to ask me what happened last night. Apparently, they waited around for me to come home so we could talk. When I didn’t come home they assumed correctly that I spent the night with Rick. One after the other they called. I didn’t go into detail. I don’t kiss and tell. I did explain to them that I slept very well last night. I also told them that it wouldn’t take me ten minutes to identify cloud formations.
Rick’s friends were on some sort of training mission. I hope they had their head together more than my friends did. But then again, my friends would have their heads together if someone were shooting at them. Being shot at really makes you focus.
The doorbell rang and I looked through the peephole. A delivery woman was standing there with a bouquet of flowers.
I opened the door. “Are you Chloe Babineaux?”
“Yes.”
“These are for you,” she said with a smile. I wonder if she knows these are after sex flowers.
“Thanks.” She handed me the flowers and left without waiting for a tip. Works for me.
The card said, ‘The florist didn’t have sugar buns, Sugar buns.’ I couldn’t help but grin.
Since I couldn’t sleep I decided to visit the Tamereauxes. I arrived at their house around one. I hoped the blind date wasn’t a dud before it even got started. I should call Jesse later and find out. No, I probably won’t.
I was daydreaming about blind dates trying to waste as much time as possible before going inside. Rick and I didn’t have a real date. You know, going out to dinner, seeing a movie or even out to a night club to dance the night away. No. We just eat and then sleep together, I mean slept together, because we aren’t sleeping together again. We skipped the how you eat in public part.
There was a car and two trucks in the driveway and a few trucks parked in front of the house on the street. I couldn’t tell which truck belonged to which house. There could be twenty people in that house as far as I knew and all ready to beat the crap out of me.
Okay. I can do this. I took a deep breath and let it out shakily. Not good. I took several deep breaths until I was ready. I wasn’t nervous about someone whipping out a gun, I was nervous about meeting Jason’s family. I didn’t know what I was going to ask. I should have really thought about this a little more. Why should I have done that? That would have made too much since. If I thought about it too much I probably wouldn’t have come at all. No. I would have. I had to tell them how sorry I was for Jason.
I walked up to the front door and rang the bell. I could hear a TV, people talking and a small dog barking. The barking either came from a TV show or from inside of the house and if that was the case, I was going to have to watch my ankles. Small dogs are better watch dogs than big dogs. If you don’t count Sweet Pea and his vicious runt of an owner. Small dogs attack everything. I shouldn’t say all small dogs. The miniature poodle I had growing up was a demon dog and I loved that dog so much. Cody thought his black lab was scary but I knew my poodle could take his big-ass dog any day.
The door was opened by a sixtyish man with a comb over. It was a comb-over only if you could say three hairs covering the large bald spot in the middle of his head was a comb-over.
He looked me up and down, narrowed his eyes and asked, “How can I hep you?” At least I think that’s what he said. He sounded like he had a mouth full of marbles.
“Hello, my name is Chloe Babineaux. May I speak to Mrs. Tamereaux?” I said smiling as sweetly as I could. See? I’m not a threat.
“Which Mrs. Tamereaux?” He grunted, “There’s five of ‘em here.”
It took a few seconds to translate before I answered, “Mrs. Jason Tamereaux. Is she busy? If she is I can come back.”
“Nah, come on in.” He backed up so I could enter the house.
It was a nice comfortable house. Much better than I had expected. There were in fact several women, men, teenagers and children inside staring me down. I’m glad their hands were busy holding plates of food. No one looked as though they were reaching for a weapon, although a few had plastic knives in their hands. I bet if they tried hard enough they could put some hurt on me with those plastic knives. Not that any of them looked particularly dangerous but two or three of the women looked to be over two hundred pounds. But they didn’t look too terribly tall; I think I could out run them.
The living room had a nice but worn flower print sofa and of course the ever present recliner. A rocking chair and several folding chairs were added. A few of the adults and all of the children were sitting on the floor.
Mr. Comb-over introduced me, “This here is…what’s your name?”
“Chloe Babineaux,” I smiled, “I should have called first. I apologize. I dropped by to speak to…I’m sorry, I don’t know your first name, Mrs. Jason Tamereaux.”
“Which one?” an elderly woman asked.
“Uh…Jason…Jason Tamereaux Jr.” I was afraid to blink. The woman must have been four feet tall but with round beady eyes, long nose, white hair and a body shaped like a barrel. She scared the bejezus out of me.
“That’s me,” said a younger woman rising from the sofa. “How can I help you?”
Her face was pale and her eyes were red. She was dressed in jeans and a faded red sweat shirt. I felt like I was going to lose it any minute.
I swallowed, cleared my throat and asked, “Do you know who I am?”
“Yes, you’re the woman that saved my husband’s life,” she said blandly. Was she thankful or disappointed? I couldn’t tell from her expression. Everyone had gotten even quieter. This was not good. I felt myself break out in a sweat. Any minute now they were coming after me with those plastic forks.
Then at a snap of a finger everyone started talking at once. Questions were asked but I couldn’t answer because I couldn’t tell who was asking the questions. It was making me a little queasy looking at them while they were talking because there were a few who didn’t believe in not talking with your mouth full. The dog was having a good time eating all the food that was either being spilled on the floor or flying out mouths.
I put my hands up with palms out to hold them off and that seemed to help. I looked at the woman and asked, “Could we go some place more private?”
She nodded and jerked her head toward the back of the house. I followed her to the back porch and she motioned me to sit on the swing with her. We were quiet a minute or two and she seemed to gather herself. It seemed deafening compared to the commotion we just left.
“How’s your husband?” I asked to break the ice.
“Better. Thanks.” She looked at me and smiled.
“Good. That’s very good.” I smiled. “I’m sorry I don’t know your first name.”
“Sandy.” She hesitated and then added, “I don’t know exactly why you were here when T-Jake was shot but I’m glad you were.”She didn’t make eye contact and instead was studying the back yard, so I didn’t know if she was telling the truth. She had dark hair with brown eyes and a large nose. One of her front teeth were crooked and she was slightly overweight but with a friendliness to her that I was drawn to.
T-Jake is like saying Jake Jr. in other parts of the world. Not everyone in Louisiana says T for Jr. but some Cajuns still do. I like it. Maybe I’ll have a T-Chloe some day. Nah, people don’t add T in front of girls names just boys. People would call my daughter Little Chloe. Forget it; I can’t put a child through that.
I took an interest in the back yard too. A couple of squirrels were running around a tree playing chase and chattering. “I came to ask about a missing painting. I was hired to locate it.” It felt kind of wrong to ask about it now.
“Yeah, that’s what I had heard you were here for.” She shook her head turned to me and asked, “Why would somebody kill my father-in-law and shoot T-Jake for a stupid picture?”
“Good question. I wish I could answer that,” I said shaking my head.
“My mother-in-law goes, ‘This is stupid. Why would some idiot be looking for that picture? It’s been missing for so long nobody cares anymore and it ain’t worth nothin’.”
“Is Petunia being blamed for this?” I asked wide eyed and scared for Petunia.
“No. No one is.” She twisted toward me, looked at me hard and asked, “You don’t know do you?”
Uh-oh. Words I don’t like to hear. “Know what?” I asked in a quiet voice. I don’t know if I wanted to know.
“The reason Petunia got involved in this whole mess.” I knew Petunia was holding back.
“No. Why don’t you enlighten me?” I wasn’t real thrilled that Petunia has withheld information from me.
“Petunia,” she smiled slightly, “was threatened.” I can only assume her smile was for the tone and not for Petunia being threatened.
“What?” I couldn’t believe it. Why didn’t she tell me this? I would’ve taken the case anyway but I would’ve been more prepared.
“Yeah. Somebody called her and told her that if she didn’t tell him where the picture was somebody was gonna get hurt.”
“So, of course Petunia was worried about her family,” I said more talking to myself than to Sandy. “Yeah, I would be too. But why didn’t she tell me?”

I looked back at Sandy and asked, “Was anyone in her immediate family hurt?”
“No. Not that I know of.” She shrugged.
“So, why go after your family? I know Jason Sr. was her uncle, so T-Jake was her cousin. But if someone threatened her family wouldn’t they go after her immediate family? And why Petunia?” I was getting myself worked up but I still had no answers.
Sandy looked at me hard, studying my face with a bewildered expression. She finally shook her head and laughed her question to me. “You really don’t know do you?”
“Petunia hasn’t told me anything. I thought she was being straightforward with me but obviously she wasn’t. Please tell me why someone is willing to kill for this stupid painting.”
Sandy took a deep breath, exhaled hard, shook her head and finally came to a decision. “You have a right to know. You’re risking your life too. Petunia’s mother’s family is supposed to know where this picture or painting is. It’s said to be worth a ton of money. I’m sure you’ve been told it’s worthless so you’ll quit looking for it. Everyone in the family would love to find it.” She looked down to her lap where her fingers were laced together.
I didn’t say anything. I wanted to give her time. She would finish telling me when she was ready. Besides, I couldn’t say anything. If I would have said something I know it would have sounded cold and selfish.
A few minutes later she continued, “The painting is said to be anywhere from Canada to Mexico. I have no idea where. I’m not even sure what’s on the painting.”
“I was told everything from naked people to a farm scene.” I laughed. I really hoped the naked people had nothing to do with a farm scene.
“Ooh, naked people.” She shuddered and then laughed, “I guess that depends who the naked people are, huh?”
“My thoughts exactly.” I laughed with her.
We sat swinging looking out at the back yard where two squirrels were joined by two more squirrels and several birds. The yard wasn’t big but it was someone’s home and looked cared for and loved with three big trees. Two were in the center of the yard so it was well-shaded in the summer and one at the back and the whole yard surrounded by a chain linked fence. The trees had lost their leaves so there was muted sunshine filling the back yard.
“Do you think your family was targeted because they’re part of Petunia’s mother’s family? Do they think you’re lying about the location of it? This doesn’t make sense. Because if you knew where it was, wouldn’t you have sold it or have it hanging on your wall?
“Yes. I really think whoever it is thinks we know something about it. And yes, we would have sold it by now if was worth anything.” She paused and then added, “But T-Jake might’ve been shot because he gambles.” She paused, “And he’s bad at it.”
 “Do you think it’s the same person?”
Sandy jerked her head at me with wide eyes and asked, “What do you mean? How can that be?”
“Do you think T-Jake mentioned the painting to someone he owes money to? You know, told this guy there’s a painting in the family and it’s worth a fortune.” Yeah, this could be it and I was really warming up to the idea. “Yeah, he tells him there’s a painting worth a lot of money but someone is hiding it and not sharing the money with the rest of the family.”
She nodded and looked at me unblinking, swallowed hard and said, “But before you ask me who T-Jake gambled with I have to tell you. I have no idea. I didn’t want to know, you know? I gave a list to the police who I think he gambles with. So, I’ll get another one for you.”
“But is there anyone that would know who he gambled with? A brother or a friend maybe?”
“Maybe, but T-Jake is an only child, so that’s no help. I’ll come up with a list of names and give it to you. Can you pick it up Monday? After church tomorrow, my sister is coming for a visit from Natchitoches. I really want to spend some time with her.” She gave me a pleading look. What could I do? Tell her, ‘No, I need it right now. Grab a piece of paper and a pen and when you finish the list I’ll try to pry my fingers from the fried chicken, I saw on the kitchen table, and take the list with me.’
“Yes. Monday‘s fine. I’m actually gonna be out of town tomorrow as well. I’ll call you before coming over if you can give me your number.” I smiled.
She rattled off her number and I put it in my cell phone.
“I’ll call you Monday morning, if that’s okay?”
“That’s fine. I get up early. I don’t go to work until eight thirty, so you can just come over around eight if you want to,” she said smiling. She wasn’t a beautiful woman but she had a great smile.
“Sounds good. I’ll let you get back to your family. Can I get out by going out the gate around the side?” I asked standing and stretching.
“Yes, just walk around that way,” she said pointing to the side of the house. She touched my arm so that I would turn toward her and said, “Thanks, for coming over. Believe it or not, you gave me a break from them in there and I need to get back to the hospital.” She jerked her head to the side pointing toward the house and laughed. “I love ‘em, but there are times…”
“Glad I could help.”.
I walked back to my truck and thought I noticed a light truck going down the street. Great. Now I’m getting paranoid. I didn’t want to sit in front of Sandy’s house looking like the stalker that I am. So I drove back to my apartment thinking about what she had just told me.
The killer could have been someone T-Jake knew, so I was right about that. I couldn’t do anything about that without a list of names to interview. I thought of calling Rick or Cody or both but changed my mind. I wanted to see the list first and if I told them what Sandy had just told me they would be running full speed to ask Petunia questions. Okay, so they already have a list of names. Rick told me they knew he owed money. I think he did. I’m pretty sure he did. I have to find out. Think about it, Chloe, they have a list so they have already talked to them. Maybe the list wasn’t such a good idea after all. But, what if there’s a name on there I recognized and they didn’t?
Jeeze Louise, my head is starting to spin. I’m waiting for Monday for the list. In the meantime I’m going home for lunch.

Chapter Twenty-Four


While I was waiting for the ravioli to heat up, I thought about calling Petunia. But I didn’t think she was going to tell me anything Sandy didn’t already tell me. I was disappointed Petunia didn’t tell me about the threatening phone call in the first place. I asked her why had she wanted to find the painting but she didn’t give me a definitive answer. She only wanted to make sure it was safe. And like a dummy I fell for it.
I ate lunch and then fell asleep on my sofa. I already mentioned how I don’t like to sleep in my bed during the day. It was probably because the sofa isn’t that comfortable and I won’t sleep for hours. I guess I should have thought of that when I offered the sofa to Rick. I actually thought he would just toss and turn, not get in bed with me.
Rick. What was I thinking? I hadn’t had sex in about eight years and then jump in bed with Cody’s partner. There was a reason I didn’t have sex as often as my friends. I didn’t want to think about that reason right then so I didn’t. I fell asleep instead.
It was almost four when I woke up. I brushed my hair and put it in a pony tail and met my parents at church. On Saturday evenings and Sunday mornings there’s always a Catholic Church to attend in Alexandria. I think there’s a mass at every hour on Saturday evenings and Sunday mornings. Believe me, I’ve tried that excuse and my mother handed me the phone book to look up mass times. So now I go and don’t argue about it. I don’t mind going, I just don’t think I should have to have a witness of my attending church.
My parents smiled and were quite happy to see me. I’m glad I made their day. My day wasn’t half bad either. It’ll get better when they invite me over to eat supper with them. I don’t care if we have scrambled eggs as long as I don’t have to cook.  The Mass was over and I walked them to their car. My mother put her arm through mind and asked, “So, Chloe, do you want to come over for supper?”
Yes! I don’t have to cook. “Well, I don’t know. I guess so.” Only if you twist my arm.
“Good. We’re having left over Sloppy Joes,” my father said and winked.
“Sounds heavenly,” I grinned. They know me so well.
I met them at their house and waited for them to change out of their church clothes. I was wearing the same thing I had on all day. Jeans, sweater and cowboy boots; I wear comfortable clothes as often as I can.
I watched TV with my father while my mother threw fries in the oven and heated the Sloppy Joes. Everything smelled so good I couldn’t wait to eat.
Supper was finally ready and we sat at the kitchen table to eat. “Remind me to call Cody and tell him I won’t be going to church with him tomorrow,” I said between bites. “He worries if I don’t show up. He’ll also call me at the crack of dawn.”
They laughed and shook their heads. “You could just start coming with us on Saturdays,” my mother said.
“Yeah, I could, but then Cody and Morgan wouldn’t have anything to live for on Sunday mornings.”
My mother makes the best Sloppy Joes. I would say everything she makes is good but there are times I have to pass. I really don’t like liver and she loves fixing liver and gravy. That’s just gross. I don’t eat organs. She only makes it about once a month, if that often. But I can feel it when she does and I stay as far away as possible.
“How’s the search for the missing painting? You aren’t still looking for it, are you?” My father asked between a glare and, ‘Please tell me you aren’t still searching.’
“I’m gonna talk to a nun tomorrow. That’s why I went to church today, so I could get an early start tomorrow.” I smiled. See? No, problem.
“Why? Why are you still doing this, Chloebeth? Someone shot you. What will it take?” My mother was pleading. I hate it when she pleads. ‘Please. Please, Chloebeth take a jacket. Please, study for that test. Please, stop dating that thug.’ Alright I studied for the test and I eventually stopped dating thugs. And I wear jackets all the time.
“Mama, listen to me. No one was shooting at me,” I said patiently. “T-Jake was being shot at, and I was in the way of the bullets. No one is after me.”
“T-Jake? Is that his name? Or are you calling him that?” Daddy asked grinning.
“Yes. That’s what his family calls him. For once I remembered a name. I talked to his wife today. She was very informative. I really like her.” And no, I’m not going to tell you what she told me.
“Oh, alright, Chloebeth but you be careful.” She said it like she was giving me her permission to go to a movie. “I’m tired of visiting you in the hospital and why are you visiting a nun?” Mama said with a tight mouth and shaking her head. I knew she’d have a problem with me interviewing a nun. I bet she’ll run for her holy water to sprinkle on me after supper.
“The nun’s the mother of my client. She became a nun when her husband died,” I said with a straight face. “Believe me hospitals aren’t a fun fest for me either.” I paused and then continued, “Now, if I woke up with a smoking hot man beside me in the hospital bed. Well…that might make it worth getting shot.”
“Not funny, Chloe,” my parents said in unison. Mama didn’t look happy, but Daddy wanted to laugh.
I helped with the dishes and grabbed my purse to leave.
“Thanks for supper,” I told them, but at the door I turned to them, grinned and said, “You know, I don’t have to be the only one dreaming about sex tonight.” I winked and closed the door before Mama could throw a pillow at me.

####

I went by Kroger on the way home. I was in short supply of cans of ravioli and cereal. Okay, I wanted beer too. And ice cream.
I took my time walking down the aisles, tossing things into my basket and returned to my apartment.
I saw Cody’s truck parked outside my apartment building. Not good. He has a key for emergencies but as far as I knew I wasn’t having an emergency. I carried my groceries to the door and slowly opened the door. If he and Morgan were having a squabble, I didn’t want him to take it out on me by startling him.
Cody didn’t look startled, he looked comfortable. He was sitting in my recliner watching ESPN.
I lugged two large reusable bags inside, slammed the door and asked, “What are you doing here? Don’t you have a TV at your house? Or did your kids take it over watching Nickelodeon?”
“I need to talk to you,” he groaned.
“Well, don’t get to worked up about it,” I said dryly.
“Hphm,” he growled. “You cannot talk to that nun by yourself tomorrow.”
“Noted. What’s your problem? You usually have a semi-personality when you try to talk me out of doing something.” I brought the bags into the kitchen and started putting up the groceries.
“I’m tired,” he moaned. “Both the kids have tonsillitis, so we aren’t getting any rest.”
“Ah, I understand now,” I said and nodded. “You came over here on the pretense of talking me out of going to the nunnery when in actuality you wanted a break from whining children.”
He looked at me, barely holding his eyes open and nodded.
“Go lay down in my bed for a while.”
His eyes widened, he smiled and asked, “You don’t mind?”
“No. Go.” What was I going to say? He looked so pathetic. “What about Morgan? Won’t she be jealous?”
“No. She went to her sister’s house this afternoon to rest,” he said walking to my bedroom.
“Why didn’t you go to your parents’ house?” I called after him.
He stuck his head out the door and said, “If I would’ve gone there, Mama would’ve said, ‘I didn’t have any place to go when ya’ll were babies. And I had two the same age.’” He shook his head and rolled his eyes. “I’m not in the mood to hear how hard she had it today.”
“Oh, yes, the martyr Mom.” I gave him a closed-mouth smile. “Welcome to my world. I’m always being told how when she was my age she had two kids in school and blah, blah, blah. I get it. Sleep. Set the alarm on your phone. You know how much sleep you need.”
He waved to me and closed the door to the bedroom.
Saturday evening TV is not the most exciting so I switched to a music channel and picked up my book. As fun as that sounds, I was interrupted by my cell phone ringing. I was tempted to not answer it but it was Jesse and I was curious so I answered.
“Hey, Jesse,” I said.
“Hey, Chloe. What’s going on?” He sounded in a good mood.
“No. The question is,. ‘How was lunch?’” I laughed.
“Lunch was good.” He hesitated, “And Suzanne’s great.”
“What’s with the hesitation?”
“Nothing…um…well, I screwed up.” He sounded despondent.
“Uh-oh…what did you do?” Did I want to know? No. Not really. But he did call me so…
“I slept with her,” he said softly.
“Was it that bad?” Dang. Suzanne looked like she would be really good. I didn’t actually know about Jesse. We broke up before we got that far.
“No. I didn’t think so. But when I went to the bathroom she said a friend, Tommy, called and said his car battery died and needed a jump.” Not good. There was no Tommy. Unless she really knew a Tommy in which case maybe Tommy’s car battery really did die. Hmm…curious.
“Jesse, you didn’t…uh…you didn’t…?”
“No!” he answered with a raised voice. “I would never do that. It was consensual We had lunch, saw an early movie and then went back to her place. I really didn’t intend for it to happen.” He lowered his voice and added, “But it did happen. Now what?”
Was he asking me for relationship advice? How big of an idiot is he? Like I would know what he should do. I’ve never had sex on a blind date. I hate blind dates. I can find my own bad dates, thank you very much.
“Okay, Jesse. Go see her tomorrow but not too early.” This will never work. “Don’t apologize. Never apologize for sex, that belittles it. Tell her you want to get to know her and for her to get to know you.” Yeah, this might work. “Tell her you want to slow it down and take it from there. Don’t use my exact words. You know what I’m trying to say.” I don’t even know what I’m trying to say. He can improvise.
“Okay, thanks,” he said more upbeat. “I’ll try that.” Please don’t call me if she throws you out on your butt. I really don’t want to get in the middle of this. This is like a ménage a trios of relationships. Hell, how should I know what he should do about having sex on a blind date? I don’t have sex. I didn’t have sex before last night and won’t have it again anytime soon.
My phone beeped to tell me I had another call. Rick was calling me. Now what? Is he going to ask me about relationships too?
“I have to go Jesse. I have a call on another line.” This is always a good excuse to hang up. It’s Rick. Can this be good?
“Okay, bye.”
“Bye.” I disconnected.
“Hey.”
“Hey, Chloe. Guess who called me,” he laughed.
“Suzanne. She and Jesse had sex and she’s either confused or she wants a good excuse to get rid of him.” I ruined his surprise.
“Yeah. How did you know? Did Jesse just call you?” No. I have your phone tapped.
“Yes. He told me he and Suzanne had sex and then she made an excuse and threw him out.”
“She likes him but they’re moving way too fast,” he said. “She also doesn’t like his car. He drives a 1988 Miata and she doesn’t think it’s a car a real man drives.” He laughed.
“He had bought that car for his ex-wife because she really wanted it.” I laughed. “But he was delivered the divorce papers at work before he could give it to her so he kept the car out of spite.”
“That makes sense; I would have kept it too. Why didn’t he sell the car and buy another?”
“He says he would but he likes driving it. It’s easy to park.” I laughed again and then added, “If he calls back, I’ll mention he might think about getting a manlier car like a Volkswagen Bug.”
“Yeah. Do chicks dig men who drive a Bug?” I could hear the laughter in his voice.
“I can’t speak for all women. But something tells me Suzanne wouldn’t. They can always go on dates in her car.” I wonder if my dates could borrow her car for our dates. Dates? What dates?
“She’d much rather go in her car. By the way, do you have plans tonight?” Was Suzanne the only reason he called and while he had me on the phone he asked what I was doing? I’m gonna tell myself that he wanted to call me and Suzanne gave him the excuse.
I looked at the clock on the microwave and saw it was almost ten. It wasn’t that late but I had no idea how long Cody was going to sleep.
I lowered my voice and said seductively, “I would love to tell you to get over here as fast as you can…but you can’t.”
“Why not?” he asked, confused.
“Because I have a man in my bed,” I said. Take that, Mr. All I Have To Do Is Call And You’ll Jump.
“What man? Is Johnny there?” He didn’t sound happy. Man, I love this.
I heard a door slam and his truck starting. Was he coming over here? He couldn’t. Cody was not in a good mood. This would not be pretty.
“No,” I laughed on an exhale. “Johnny is not here. Cody is. His kids have tonsillitis and he’s exhausted. He’s taking a long nap. I don’t know how long he’ll be here.”
I heard him turn off his truck and another door slam. “Oh, okay. Good…I hope he gets some rest. We have a busy couple of hours Monday.” I let it pass. I don’t know if he would have admitted to wanting to come over here to beat up Johnny. And I didn’t know what to say to that. I have to admit, it made me feel sort of…well for lack of a better word, good. I don’t usually like it when men act all macho and want to fight anybody that walks past me. But in this case, since I actually had a man in my bed, it might have been worth a fight. Too bad it was my brother. I’ve been on dates in the last eight years; I just hadn’t slept with them.
The door opened and Cody stood there rubbing his face with his hand.
“I have to go. Cody’s up. Bye, love you.”
“Oh…” That’s all I heard because I hung up the phone.
Oh-My-God! Did I just say that? I know I didn’t just say, ’love you.’ I need to find a rock and bury myself under it. No, no, no! This is not happening! NOOO! I need to call him up and tell him I did not just say what he thinks I said.
Cody was looking at me funny. Maybe he didn’t hear me say…what I said. Yeah. He did not hear what I said. I did not hear what I just said. I can’t even say what I said.
“Who was that?” Shit. He heard what I said. Or it could have been the expression on my face like I was going to throw myself in front of a bus.
The phone rang and I held up the one finger hold on sign. It was Rick. Of course it was Rick. Who else would it be? A genie telling me he’s going to grant me my wish of turning back time five minutes? This is unbelievable. I don’t tell men I love them. Okay, I do but only to Cody and my father. I don’t tell sexy men that I shouldn’t see again I love them. He’s probably going to tell me, ‘Chloe, don’t worry about telling Cody about us because there is no us.’ Wait a minute. I didn’t say, ‘I love you.’ I said ‘love you.’ I left the word I out. Yeah. That’ll work. Not. Oh, crap.
“Hello?” I answered softly.
Laughter. All I hear is laughter. I could barely understand him ask, “Did I hear you say…?”
“No, you didn’t,” I growled and hung up.
Cody was looking at me with a raised eyebrow so I shook my head and said, “Wrong number.”
I crossed my arms in front of me and asked with a smile, “Nice nap? You feel better?”
“Yes, I do. Thanks for letting me crash.” He smiled. “I feel much better.”
“No problem.”
I had to keep the expression on my face even. I couldn’t let him know I was freaking out. I was more than freaking out. How could I have done that? It’s a habit to say that to the people I care about, i.e. my parents, Cody and Morgan. I don’t say that to my friends. I love them but I don’t tell them on the phone unless they’re upset about a date or…I don’t know, something else that’s getting them down.
Felicia’s mother is a piece of work. She’s always asking for money. Felicia doesn’t give it to her but she does pay a bill or two or buy her groceries now and then. Her mother gets mad but she does eat the food. Focus!
“…Okay?” Cody was saying. I have no idea what he just said.
“I’m sorry. What did you just say? Felicia called and I was thinkin’ about what she was telling me about her mother.” I had been staring at the floor so maybe he believed that. Why shouldn’t he? I’d believe me. No, not really, I probably wouldn’t. But maybe he’ll really want to go home and not harass me.
“I said you should really be careful while driving to the convent.” He was shaking his head and his eyes were narrowed.
“Oh, yeah.” I shrugged. “Of course I will. I’m always careful. By the way, I went to church with Mama and Daddy.”
He shook his head and walked to the door. He turned, and said, “Bye and thanks again.”
“Mm, buh-bye.”
I was finally alone. I could die of humiliation in peace. I will not call him. I know what you’re thinking. Yeah, right. Of course she was gonna call Rick and try to explain her stupidity. Wrong. The only thing calling would do would be to make it worse. What I needed to do was grab the bottle of wine out of my refrigerator and tilt it up until I’m totally shit faced. And then and only then would I be able to get some sleep. Sleep would come because I’ll black out. But that would mean tomorrow morning I would have the hangover from hell. Sister Bonita might not appreciate me barfing on her shoes, because I know I won’t be able to stop at just one barf.
One glass of wine wouldn’t hurt. The phone rang. It was Rick. I didn’t answer. My cell phone rang. That too was Rick. I still didn’t answer. I downed my second glass of wine.
My phone rang again. I picked it up and said, “Don’t call me again…”
“I know Cody’s there so call me later,” he cut in with a smirk talking over me. I couldn’t actually see the smirk but I knew he was smirking.
“Cody’s gone. And I’ve been having trouble with my phone. Other people seem to be able to cut in. Listen, I have to go. I have to get up early in the morning. Look at the time. It’s late; it’s…wow, it’s ten twenty. I really have to go to bed so I can get up early. Bye now.” I was talking ninety miles an hour. He wasn’t able to get a word in edge wise. I heard him say “but’ and “uh,” a couple of times but I didn’t slow down. I’m Chloe. I don’t have to have anybody else in my conversations.
If two glasses of wine is good, then three is better. I drank my wine and went to bed.

Chapter Twenty-Five


I eventually fell asleep and had one stupid dream after another. I dreamt of running into walls and driving off piers. Rick didn’t call me back. Apparently he got the message. I really didn’t want to talk about my blunderfest.
I couldn’t help but ask myself. Did I love him? Why would I slip up like that unless I did? Because I was tired, and this morning I woke up in his bed. I don’t have sex with just anyone. I’m picky. I have to at least like the man I’m sleeping with. You know, feel something for him, otherwise it’s just meaningless sex. This explains why Aunt Mavis has more sex than I do. It’s been…oh, good Lord, I don’t remember the last time I had sex. I think it was sometime in May. I started going out with Jesse in August and we didn’t have sex. I’m pathetic. I haven’t had sex in eight years. Rick is the first man I slept with since … Johnny and what do I say? ‘Love you.’ He did call back and asked me to call him. But that still doesn’t mean anything. Stop dwelling, get out of bed and talk to a nun. This is so wrong. I’m thinking about sex and talking to a nun in the same sentence.
I showered, dressed, ate a bowl of cereal and left. It was eleven. So I lied when I said I had to leave early. I would have left earlier if I had fallen asleep before three this morning.
I played the radio loud, hoping it would distract me. It didn’t work I couldn’t help but think about my foul up. I was driving to a nunnery, I shouldn’t use dirty words. Then why was I thinking about sleeping with Rick? The drive there took forever.

####

I parked in the parking lot of Our Lady of Hope. There were quite a few cars and trucks in the parking lot. Sunday was the day the nuns that took a vow of silence could talk. So I guess those that could only talk on Sundays were having a good gabfest today.
I opened the door of my truck and my cell phone rang. Cody was calling me. He’ll probably give me a lecture about safety. You would think he would get tired of lecturing me but he doesn’t. He’s like the Eveready Bunny. He just goes on and on and...
“Hey, Cody.”
“Hey, have you talked to Sister Bonita?”
“No, I just got here. I overslept.” I could hear laughter in the background. “Where are you?”
“We’re at Morgan’s parents’ house. Her sister and brother are here too.”
“Wow, sounds like a party. The kids must be feeling better.” I was glad I wasn’t home. Morgan and Cody couldn’t call me and ask me to go to one of her family gatherings.
“Yeah, they do. Why don’t you meet me here later?” Cody said with laughter in his voice. He knew I didn’t like going.
“Yeah. Not gonna happen. You know her parents don’t like me. The last time I was over there her father said to me, ‘you know, just because you’re twins doesn’t mean you have to go everywhere he does.’”
Morgan’s father had waited until Cody had walked off before saying it. I thought about tearing into him. But really, the only reason I was there was because Cody said there would be alcohol. It was some sort of rum concoction. I could have easily gotten drunk. I may have. But as far as I know I didn’t have sex with any of her eligible cousins.
“He was only joking, Chloe,” Cody said, sounding miffed.
“Are you that bored Cody? You need a little excitement over there? You want me to tear it up with an in-law or two?” I asked sarcastically.
“Nah, I’m not that bored,” he laughed. “Maybe later, though. Call me.”
“Will do. Bye.”
As he was saying bye my phone beeped for another call. Great. Rick was calling. I’ll never get out of this truck. I was hoping to put him off for a while longer, but if I don’t answer he’ll call Cody and ask if he’s heard from me. I can’t have that. Cody was in a good mood. Why ruin it for him?
“Hello,” I answered blandly.
“Hey. Have you talked to Sister Bonita?” No, and at this rate I never will.
“No. I just got here and Cody just called and asked me the same thing.”
“I thought you were leaving early,” he said in a way that sounded accusing. What the hell does he think I did last night? Does he think I partied after telling him ‘love you?’ I wish I had been partying. Then I could have blamed it on alcohol. No. Then he would say I meant it because the truth comes out while drinking. I’m over thinking this. I have work to do.
“I was leaving early. But I couldn’t sleep last night so I overslept.” Now I was miffed.
“I couldn’t either. A woman I was talking to on the phone hung up on me.” Good. He’s miffed, as well, but why does he keep talking about me in the third person?
“You can’t trust women. They’re all so fickle. I really have to go. I have a nun to talk to about a painting. This isn’t the same thing as having to talk to a man about a horse. Although, I did drink a lot of coffee this morning.”
“Okay,” he laughed. “But call me when you’re on your way home so I can meet you at your apartment.” He didn’t sound miffed anymore. I like it more when he’s miffed.
“Bye.” I disconnected without saying I would call him. That way I can always say I didn’t hear him say that. You know, bad service up here in nun land.
I walked to the front door and rang the bell. It was opened by a different nun this time. I think. This one was also young, with big brown eyes. But I couldn’t remember what color eyes the first guard nun had.
I asked for Sister Bonita but was told she had her family with her so I asked the guard to give her a note. I waited a few minutes and got a response.
“Could you follow me?” another nun asked. This one was middle aged and scary. She glared and scowled. I really don’t think she recognized me from that one time I was here. Oh, crap. Was this the nun who caught me on the roof? Who knows? I mean, she could have been mad because I interrupted her karaoke.
I followed her to an atrium. It was bright with wonderful plants all around. Some of the plants were blooming so they must have been forced into blooming. I really liked this room.
Sister Bonita was clipping dead leaves off a ficus tree. Wow, a real ficus. I don’t know if I have ever seen a ficus that wasn’t plastic. She turned to me and smiled. I’m glad I wore a black skirt that came a few inches above my knee, a red sweater with a white blouse underneath and black dress boots. I looked nice without looking over dressed. But more importantly, I wasn’t dressed like a nun.
“I’m glad you could talk to me,” I said, holding out my hand to shake hers.
She took my hand in both of hers and said in a husky voice. I guess since she doesn’t talk much her vocal cards get sort of rusty. “Your note was interesting.”
I had written, ‘I know the truth. Please talk to me. Chloe Babineaux.’
“I want to tell you how sorry I am about your brother and nephew,” I said.
“Thank you. And now you know why I don’t want you going after the painting,” she said unblinking with direct eye contact.
 “T-Jake’s wife told me about the threats Petunia was getting.” I looked down at the floor and said, “Sandy is very sweet. She doesn’t blame me.”
“She is very sweet. There is no need to blame yourself. Whoever is doing this, started this craziness before Petunia asked you to find the painting,” she said using her fingers to lift my head up.
We looked at each other for a few seconds, I shook my head and said, “You know, for a while I considered the frame of the painting had to be gilded and that’s why it was valuable. Then I thought maybe it was a nude painting. But the nudist would have to be very old or dead even. If it was me and I was that old, I would have hung that thing over my mantle. Pre-sag era.” Sister Bonita laughed. “And then I thought maybe it was of a couple. Someone painted a couple in a compromising position and someone was using it to blackmail. Again the couple would be very old or dead, unless the offspring of said couple didn’t want it out.”
Sister Bonita smiled as I said each suggestion. I knew none of those were right. I just wanted to see what she would say. She said nothing. She’s very good at that.
“No. Petunia and you said it was a painting of an old house and barn. The original house and barn are still standing in Shloe. So that’s what it is. The painting is a representation. It’s a map showing where something is hidden. All you have to do is study it.” Sister Bonita lost her smile and her eyes grew large.
“You have the painting. You either have it or you know exactly where it is,” I said hard. She slowly shook her head.
“Sister Bonita, listen to me. Someone is out there shooting people. I don’t want anyone else to get hurt. Clearly, this isn’t a person to take lightly. I don’t want this person to hurt your family.” I took several deep breaths. I didn’t want to shout at her. But I did want to throttle her.
“Let me see the painting. I won’t take it. You can keep it hidden. All I want to do is take a photo of it. Let me compare it to the original house and barn,” I smiled and added. “I know I can do this. And whatever I find is Petunia’s. All I want to do is get paid my private investigating fee.”
 “Petunia and her family are here now. Come back in an hour,” she said and walked out the room.

####

I left in search for lunch. I wasn’t really hungry, even if I didn’t eat breakfast, because I was nervous now that I was finally going to see the painting—or find out where it was. I knew she had it or knew where it was. Okay, I’m lying. I was hoping she knew where it was. I had no idea if she really knew. I was bewildered. Lack of food and brain damage will do that to a person.
I found a hole-in-the-wall that sold pizza and subs and salads. I had an hour before seeing Sister Bonita, so I ate a salad very slowly and still had forty-five minutes to waste. I sat in my truck with my book but found it hard to concentrate. What was I going to do after I saw the painting? I told her I could solve it. I sounded a lot more confident than I felt.
It was finally time to visit Sister Bonita again. I was hoping her family had left. I was also hoping she didn’t run them out because I was coming back. I guess if they had more to say Petunia could say it and her mother could write it down some other time.
I asked for Sister Bonita at the front gate and was told to wait. A few minutes later Sister Bonita arrived with a wan smile. She jerked her head to the side telling me to follow, so I did.
I followed her to her room where she told me to sit on her bed. I was so nervous I was starting to sweat. She pulled out a large cardboard box from under her bed, slid out the object within and there it was. The painting.
It was beautiful. It didn’t look to be a hundred years old. It was well taken care of. The colors were vibrant. The barn was red and the house was white and the shutters emerald green. The sky was overcast as if it had just rained. The clouds were blue and gold with a beam of sun streaming out. This painting was so much better than I could have ever hoped for.
I took out my cell phone and took several photos of it. I wanted to make sure I took it from different angles in case I missed something. I wanted to cry and scream and jump up and down, but I controlled myself. I only jumped up and down.
“Thank you, thank you, Sister Bonita.” I was so happy I hugged her and she hugged me back.
“This painting mustn’t leave this room,” she said pulling herself away from me. “Petunia doesn’t know, so please don’t tell her.”
“No ma’am. I won’t,” I said with tears in my eyes. “Do you know what this painting means?”
“No dear,” she said shaking her head and slightly smiling. “I have no idea what it means. I just know it’s a beautiful painting and that something odd is connected to it. Maybe one day Petunia will have it.”
I walked to the door stopped, turned and asked, “Just one more question. What do nuns where under their habits?” I grinned.
She laughed and said, “That, you’ll never find out.”
I walked to my truck smiling. I had another stop to make.

Chapter Twenty-Six


I drove out to the Old Shloe Farm. I stopped far enough from the house and barn to get a good look at the old place.
The barn was still red but faded, and the house was decrepit but still looked majestic with a heart-wrenching grace. The porch surrounding the house looked as if it wouldn’t hold the weight of a rabbit. I really didn’t want to walk on it. I don’t like risking broken bones unnecessarily. I leaned against the hood of my truck just staring at the two old structures.
I took out my cell phone to compare photo to the real thing. I walked around the house and the barn. I stood on the top step and stretched to check the lock. The house was locked and I didn’t really want to break a window trying to get in. If I had to, I would ask Cody to help with that. He could bring his tool box and we could figure out a way to get in. Yes, it would be breaking and entering but I didn’t care at this point. Okay, I probably wouldn’t tell Cody. I’d break in alone. It’s an old house. How good can those locks be?
I walked around the barn being careful not to scuff up my dress boots. I went to the barn door and tried opening it. The hinges were stiff but I managed to pry them apart. I left the doors open and walked inside. Empty. Not a thing inside except spider webs and bird nests. How did the birds get inside? I looked at the windows and they were shuttered, but there was a large crack. Mystery solved. The birds came in from the cracked shutters. The floor was mostly dirt but there was dead grass in a few places around the walls. The horse stalls were in the back of the barn. The walls were old and dried out. Of course they were this barn had been here for over a hundred years. I’m gonna be old and dried out in a hundred years as well. No, it’ll be a lot sooner than that but I didn’t want to dwell on that.
I went back to my truck and looked up at the sky, clear blue without a cloud in sight. The painting’s sky was cloudy. I looked back at the photo of the painting several times. I figured it out. That had to be it. I was hoping I was right. Man, I hoped I was right.
I called Cody.
“Hey, Chloe.” I could still hear background talking so he must still be at the shindig.
“Hey, Cody. Sounds like you’re still partying it up.”
“Yep. Do you want to come over?”
 “Let me think about that. No,” I said with no hesitation. “I do have great news, though.”
“You found the painting,” he said astonished.
“Yes. Yes I did,” I said as smugly as I could. “Sister Bonita had it all this time. I knew she either had it or knew where it was. All I had to do is ask nicely, without strangling her. People hate it when I strangle them.”
“Great! When can I see it?” He ignored the strangling part.
“I don’t actually have the painting. I took several pictures of it. But since you’re partying with the in-laws, I’ll show it to you tomorrow. It might be a good idea to check out the farm.”
“Rick and I have something to do tomorrow morning that might take up a couple of hours.” He hesitated and then said, “Why don’t you wait until we’re done and then we can all drive up there together?”
“Oh, okay,” sounds reasonable. “Why don’t you meet me at the old Shloe Farm tomorrow when you can get away?” I said casually.
“I knew you were going to say that.” “I’m glad I didn’t disappoint you. Get back to your shindig, before somebody accuses you of talking to me. And I’ll see you tomorrow about…what eleven?” I wanted him to think I was really going to wait around to meet him. I was going to get there before eleven. Way before eleven.
“Chloe, wait for us,” he said, annoyed. “Don’t do something you’ll regret. You could be followed.”
“I could be, but I wasn’t followed today. Look Cody, just meet me there and bring a shovel. Bye.”
“Bye. Wait, a shovel? Why…?” I didn’t give him a chance to ask about the shovel. But he didn’t sound thrilled either. I, on the other hand, was extremely thrilled. I wasn’t going to call Rick though. Nope. I was going to wait until I got back to my place. Maybe he’ll bring food. No. No. No. He’s not coming over.
On the drive back to Alexandria I sang with the radio and had imaginary conversations with Rick. Him telling me he didn’t want to see me and me telling him I didn’t care, because I didn’t want to see him. I was making myself sort of depressed so I would think about the painting again and that would help. Having no one shooting at me would really make my day as well.
I was almost to my exit off I-49. I could either go south on McArthur to my apartment or stay on the interstate a little longer and go to Rick’s house. Oh, hell, I missed my exit. I called Rick.
“Hey. How was the talk with Sister Bonita?” He sounded like he was expecting my call. How odd, because I wasn’t planning on calling him.
“Better than I imagined.” I paused. “I saw the painting.”
“What? Where was it?” He was as surprised as Cody. Do they not have faith in my abilities?
“Would you believe in her room under her bed?”
“No, she didn’t.”
“Oh, yes she did,” I said laughing. “I couldn’t take it with me of course, so I took pictures of it. And Rick…” I hesitated. “I think I have it solved. I don’t know exactly where, but I know approximately where something is buried. The painting proves it.”
“Where are you? I want to see the picture.”
“I’m uh…about twenty or twenty-five minutes from your house. I was daydreaming about the painting and missed my exit.” I didn’t all out lie. I was thinking about the painting.
“Great. I’ll see you in a few.”
He disconnected before I could say anything else. It’s a good thing or else I probably would have said ‘love you.’ That’s why he hung up so quickly. He didn’t want to hear it again. I didn’t want to hear it again. Clearly, we’re on the same page.
I was getting more and more excited the closer I came to his house. I couldn’t wait to show him the photos. I mean, I was only searching for the painting for a week but it felt like months. It’s the brain damage. I lost all track of time.
I pulled into his driveway, grabbed my purse and walked to the door. Rick opened the door before I could knock and I couldn’t help myself.
I threw myself into his arms and kissed his cheeks and mouth. He was kissing me back but I was able to say, “Ricky, Ricky, Ricky, I did it. I saw the painting and drove out to the Old Shloe Farm and I know something is there. Not exactly, but sort of, I know I can do this. I’m ecstatic. It’s amazing how energized you get when things come together.”
“Mama, who’s that woman kissing Uncle Rick?” a young voice said from below.
“I don’t know, Travis. Why don’t we ask Uncle Rick?” a female voice said.
What? Who said that? Oh no. He’s not alone. He has a woman in here with his kid.
I tried pushing away from him but he held me by the waist so I couldn’t go far and laughed, “Chloe Babineaux, these are my brothers, their wives and their kids.”
“I should have known it was a woman coming over here to show him a picture the way he ran for the shower.” One of the men laughed.
I looked at Rick’s hair and it was still damp. He was grinning broadly.
“Meet my brothers, Tyler and his wife Cassidy, their kids Amy and Jeremy.” A man and a woman waved along with two teenagers.
“The other one is Brandon and his wife Mackenzie or Kenzie, and their kids Travis and Mia.” Another man and woman waved. Two small children looked at me like I was hurting their favorite uncle. He introduced his family without moving his eyes away from mind.
His family is here? Where are they…?
“Where are they parked? I didn’t see another car on the driveway.” I know I didn’t overlook two cars. I’m not that rattled.
“In the back,” he said, grinning. “They helped me cut a tree down.”
“Helped? Did he say helped?” One of the brothers laughed.
“Chloe, can you stay for hamburgers and fries?” one of the women asked. One is blond and the other has dark hair. I wasn’t paying that much attention to their names when they were introduced.
“Yes, she’ll stay. It’s better than what she’ll eat at her apartment.”
I narrowed my eyes and pushed him away, crossed my arms and said, “Do you really think you know me so well?”
“Yep. You’d probably open a can of ravioli, or go to your parents, or go to Cody’s or go to Cheri’s place to eat.”
“I would…well, yeah; I’d probably go to Cheri’s, because she’s closer,” I said with a straight mouth. Everyone laughed but I didn’t think it was that funny. It must have been a nervous laugh for them.
I’d eaten with my parents the previous night and my mother didn’t mention a thing about marriage or children. If I ate with her tonight she would and then I would have to tell her I’d only get married if I’m pregnant. But if I’m pregnant then I’m not getting married. It’s a vicious cycle.
“Wait a minute.” I narrowed my eyes, cocked my head and said, “Didn’t you say you were going to meet me at my apartment? How were you going to eat here and meet me there?”
“When you didn’t call, I knew I’d have time to cook the burgers and then bring you one when you called.”
“You have an answer for everything don’t you?” I said and rolled my eyes. He only grinned.
 “Do you have your phone on you?” he asked.
“Yes. Yes I do and I’ll find the pictures. I don’t want you to go through all my pictures like you did when your buddies were in town,” I said searching my purse for my cell phone.
“Why? I liked the one of you in a bikini.” He laughed.
“We were all wearing bikinis. You should have said, ‘I liked the one of you and your friends in bikinis,” I said rolling my eyes.
“I only noticed you.”
“Liar.” I noticed more than just you in that picture of eight hot, sweaty, shirtless SEALs.”
“You were checking out my friends?” He laughed.
“Damn straight. Have you seen that picture? I’m beginning to sweat just thinkin’ about it,” I said, fanning my face with my hand.
“What picture?” Cassidy/Kenzie asked. I really need to find out who’s who.
“It’s on his dresser in his room,” Brandon/Tyler said. One is older than the other but I don’t know which. The younger one looked a lot like Rick.
“She’s been to his room?” Asked the teenage girl. What was her name?
“I gave her a tour of the house, Amy.” Rick grinned at me because my eyes were popping. I should say our eyes were popping. The girl’s eyes were as popped out as mind.
“I have got to see that picture,” Cassidy/Kenzie said.
“I have got to see the cell phone picture,” Tyler/Brandon said.
“Tell you what,” I said smiling an unhumorous smile at Rick, “I’ll show the women cell phone picture first.” I smiled more broadly and added, “And if it’s okay with them I’ll hold the cell phone for the men while the women check out the picture on your dresser.”
“Why do they get to see the picture first?” Tyler/Brandon asked.
“Because they’re your wives and ya’ll have already seen Rick’s picture.” I laughed.
“I like this woman,” Cassidy/Kenzie laughed. I really, really need to be reintroduced.
“Alright. Deal. Show them the picture.” Rick smiled.
I had already dug out my phone so I walked to the kitchen to show my new BFF’s the bikini picture.
“Wow. Nice. Sexy, but tasteful.”
“Sexy. But you’re right, a very nice picture. You and your friends are very photogenic.” They both made a comment but I don’t know who said what.
The photo was of Nona, Tammy, Felicia, Cheri and me in bikinis. Bikini tops with our bottoms covered in wraps. We all had big grins. We had been laughing so we had natural smiles. We had asked a mom of small children to take our photo. She had to stop laughing as well to snap the photo. Felicia had popped a boob and we had to recover. I could pop a boob and no one would say much. I would just get a ‘Hey, your boob’s popped out.’
“I’m gonna hold the phone so they won’t be able to switch pictures,” I smiled. “They won’t be able to see this.” I switched photos to show them the one Cheri took of us lying on the beach. We all had one leg bent and with our shades on we looked very sexy indeed.
“No. Don’t show them that one,” Cassidy/Kenzie whispered.
“I’m sorry. I really wasn’t paying that much attention when Rick introduced ya’ll. I don’t know who’s Cassidy and who’s Kenzie.” I laughed.
“I’m Cassidy,” the older, darker-haired woman said. They both laughed. Okay, so the blond is Kenzie. I was really proud of myself for even remembering their names.
“So, which one is your husband?” I asked Kenzie.
“I’m married to the younger one. Wave Brandon.” We laughed and Brandon waved, looking confused. “Brandon’s a cop. He and Rick used to work together in Pineville and Tyler’s an engineer and works for the power plant in Alexandria.”
“Thanks. I was so surprised to see people here I wasn’t paying a bit attention.”
“I noticed. You were glaring and Rick was grinning,” Cassidy said.
“Yeah. We do that a lot,” I snarled and they laughed.
I was beginning to really like these women. They laughed easily. They must be used to meeting Rick’s women. They don’t take us seriously. You know, a woman is here meeting the family so Rick must be getting married. No. It was more like, so, here’s another one of Rick’s women. She’ll be gone soon.
“Hey. Stop whispering over there. We want to see the picture too,” Tyler said.Rick had walked over to the sofa and was sitting down next to him.
“Okay, okay. Don’t get your panties in a twist,” Cassidy said shaking her head.
Kenzie grabbed Cassidy’s arm and walked fast down the hall. I walked to the living room to show the photo.
Tyler tried to take the phone. “Uhn-uhn,” I said shaking my head. “I hold the phone. I don’t want you going through my pictures like he did,” I said jerking my head toward Rick.
Rick didn’t say anything but he did laugh and waggle his eyebrows.
“What? Ya’ll couldn’t find smaller scarves?” Brandon laughed.
“She said they were called wraps. I asked her the same thing.” Rick said.
I didn’t answer. I just grinned and rolled my eyes.
“Wow. Nice picture, Uncle Rick…” The teenage boy’s eyes were about to pop out of his head.
“Go sit down,” his father commanded.
Rick laughed again and winked. I was confused. He seemed to like showing off my bikini photo. Why? Was he bragging to his brothers? Or was it, this is not a big deal because I’ve seen better. I didn’t know what to think. Well, I was thinking he was probably showing off my friend’s photos because they had more to show off in their bikini than I did.
The women walked back with huge smiles on their faces, and fanning themselves.
“Okay. Now we’re even,” Rick said standing up. “Kenzie are those burgers ready for the grill?”
“Yes. They’ve been ready,” Kenzie said walking to the kitchen.
“Good,” Rick said, taking my hand. “Walk with me outside so we can talk. And bring your phone.”
Talk. He wants to talk. He asked me… no, he told me, to bring my phone outside so we could talk. He wants to discuss the painting and not my blunder from last night. He took my hand and he had kissed me back when I walked into the house. Okay, we were going to pretend last night never happened. Good. I can live with that.
We walked out sliding glass doors onto a patio. A grill was set up near the left edge of the patio and a swing was on the right edge. Two lawn chairs and a glider were grouped together around the swing. The cleared yard was about a half acre, and Rick had told me he owned about four acres of land. Most of it was covered with trees, and a small stream ran through his property. I was prepared to jump back inside the house if something, anything, with four legs pounced.
I stood leaning against a column looking out at the back yard. It was dark but the patio light put out enough light to see a stump where a tree had been. It looked like a large tree so it must have taken them hours to cut it down and cut up. Two pickup trucks were parked near the trees with cut logs piled in the bed of the trucks.
Rick had placed the burgers on the grill and stood beside me.
“It’s beautiful here,” I said softly. It was beautiful. Panther paradise but beautiful.
“Thanks. I like it.”
“Why did you cut the tree?” There had to be a reason. No one would cut down a perfectly good tree. Unless it was in the way and it didn’t look to be near anything.
“It was struck by lightning and was about to fall on the house.” Okay, it was a good reason. I really didn’t think it had anything to do with keeping panthers out of the back yard.
He walked to a park bench underneath the kitchen window, sat down and then asked me to sit.
I looked at him and frowned. “Do you think there’s room for both of us?” The bench wasn’t very large. I would have to sit close, almost on top of him, if I sat next to him.
“There’s room,” he said, smiling. I guess that’s why he sat on the bench and not the swing.
I sat down, wriggled around to make room and he laughed. It was cold outside and I shivered, and he put his arm around my shoulders and started nuzzling my neck. I leaned my head over and was really enjoying it when I thought about why I was at his house in the first place. I was also there to tell him we weren’t going to see each other.
“I thought we came out here to talk. Don’t you want to see my picture of the painting?” I asked, pulling away from him. This wasn’t that easy since I was shoulder to shoulder with him.
“Yes. You’re right. It slipped my mind,” he said shaking his head.
I brought out the phone and found the photo.
“Wow. So this is what all the fuss is about,” he said and shook his head slowly. “It doesn’t look like something that’s worth killing over, does it? It’s beautiful but it doesn’t look dangerous.”
“No. But really look at it.”
I showed him the different photos I took and he took his time looking at each one. He got up once and turned the burgers over and took the phone back.
“I just don’t see it,” he said, sounding disappointed.
“Well, since I drove out there maybe I have a different perspective.”
“You drove out there?”
“Yes.”
“Alone?”
“Yes.”
“That wasn’t smart.”
“Look at the sunbeam.”
“I don’t…do you think something is hidden in the barn?”
“Yes. Yes I do. That’s why I told Cody to bring a shovel tomorrow. I’ll borrow one from my father so I can have one too.”
He looked at the photo again, widened his eyes and nodded. “You could be right. The barn is as good a place to check as any.”
We looked at the photo together and he said, “I still can’t believe the nun had the painting the whole time.” He turned to look at me and asked, “How did you know?”
“I wasn’t positive. But when I asked her the first time I went to the convent she said she couldn’t tell me.. So…” I shrugged. “…I was hoping she would tell me where it was after I explained how a whacko was gonna keep popping people off.” I really wish I would have remembered she told me that before Jr. and I got shot.
“Actually it was a hunch.” I shrugged.
He grinned and said, “It looks like it paid off.”
I took the phone back and set it in my lap. His arm around my shoulder worked it’s way to my breast and we had just started kissing when I heard the door open and a male voice say, “I know you’re talking but are the burgers ready?”
“Oh, no,” I flinched. Why was I kissing him? I was mad at him. I had said ‘love you’ to him and I didn’t want to talk about it. Wait a minute. I had said ‘love you’ and he was kissing me? I was still going to tell him that the night before encounter wasn’t going to have an act two.
“Yes, they should be ready. I’ll bring them in,” Rick called and the door was pulled closed. “Don’t worry, they couldn’t see us. That’s why I wanted to sit here.” He laughed and jerked his head to the window above us.
He leaned over, kissed me again, grinned and said, “Love you.” He rose and walked over to the grill and lifted the lid to check the burgers.
“I knew you couldn’t let that slide.” Oh, Lord, tell me he didn’t just say love you.
“You really didn’t think I would. Could you open the door and ask for a plate?” He grinned broadly and winked. Great. Now what does that mean?

####

I asked for a plate and dreaded to go back inside with him. I wanted to go home. On the pro side, he kissed me even before bringing up my slip up. On the con side, he said he wanted to talk about it. I noticed he said, ‘Love you,’ and not, ‘I love you.’
Okay, I could go home now or stay and eat. I was starving. I stayed to eat.
Rick held the door open for me and we entered with the burgers. Brandon looked from the burgers to Rick several times.
“Talking to Chloe was that distracting, bro?” The burgers did look sort of well done.
“Leave them alone, Brandon. You remember new love.” Tyler grinned at Rick.
“Are you saying our love is old?” Cassidy asked with a raise eyebrow.
“No, sweet thing, our love is forever young.” Tyler leaned over to kiss Cassidy.
“Oh, yuck. Get a room,” Travis mumbled. They laughed. I was trying to blend in with curtains that covered the sliding door. My red sweater did not blend in with light blue and beige flowered curtains.
Condiments, onions, pickles, lettuce and tomatoes were placed on the breakfast bar. The kids went first, followed by their fathers and then the rest of us.
I sat next to Rick and listened to them good-naturedly harass each other. Cassidy and Kenzie didn’t let up, they gave as well as they got. The two teenagers sat at the breakfast bar and ate fast. I’m not sure if they chewed or just swallowed. There was a knock on the door and Travis flew for the door. Mia jumped up to grab her purse. Now I knew why they ate so fast. They were leaving.
“Be careful and don’t speed. Wear your seatbelts,” Cassidy called out to them.
“Yeah, we will,” they called out as they were walking out the door. Yeah, they’ll speed but hopefully they’ll wear seatbelts. Their parents rolled their eyes, while everyone else laughed.
“They’re going to a movie with friends,” Cassidy said shaking her head and making a face.
“Ah, scary,” I said.
“You have no idea,” Tyler said with a grimace.
We were quiet for a while. I was thinking about when I was sixteen. God help those kids. My blunderfests weren’t a recent addition to my life. It’s been an ongoing quest. Like the time I side-swiped a post. I told my parents someone must have hit me in a parking lot. I’m going to have to remember all these lies so when I have kids I’ll know when they’re lying.
“So tell me, Rick, how did you two meet? I asked Brandon but he said to ask you.” Tyler asked between bites.
“Chloe’s brother, Cody, is my partner,” Rick said matter of factly.
“Isn’t that a no-no to date your partner’s sister?” Kenzie asked.
“We aren’t…” I stopped and jerked my head to Rick. Oh, no, no, no. This isn’t happening. “We’re dating, aren’t we?” I mumbled.
“Honey, we’ve been dating for a while. You’re just now admitting it to yourself,” he said with a sexy half grin.
I looked at him wide eyed and then narrowed my eyes and said, “It’s all your fault. If you wouldn’t have brought Chinese to my apartment after the explosion I wouldn’t be in this situation right now.”
“Don’t forget the beer.” He winked.
“What situation are you in?” Tyler asked. His eyes were narrowed and he was looking hard at Rick. I wanted to laugh. He thinks I’m preggers.
“I’m dating my partner’s sister, situation. Haven’t you been paying attention to the conversation?” Rick asked him with a ‘Are you serious?’ look.
“Oh, that situation. I thought you meant…oh, never mind,” Tyler mumbled.
“Oh God no. I don’t even know…I mean I’m pretty sure I can. It might take a while though. I only have one ovary that for sure works.” I was rambling. Tyler thinking we were talking about me being pregnant blew my mind. I was embarrassed. Why was I so embarrassed? Because this is Rick’s family and I don’t know them. They might tell his mother. That’s all I need. His mother to call me and tell me to stay away from her son.
“What is she talking about?” Brandon asked Rick, but he was looking at me. Brandon had his cop face on. Confused and not afraid to admit it, he was also talking to me in the third person.
“I was shot.” Oh, no. I just told these people I was shot. Why did I do that? I don’t tell people I was shot. Nona is the one that tells people we’re shot. She is so proud of the fact we survived a gunshot wound.
Everyone at the table stared at me with very wide eyes and open mouths. Good thing there weren’t any flies the room. But then again if there were they would have been caught. Thank God, no one had food in their mouth. Not everyone looked at me with wide eyes. Brandon’s eyes narrowed and his lips puckered. Damn, he looked an awful lot like Rick.
“Shot? You were shot?” Brandon asked. “Why were you shot?”
I looked at Rick but he just grinned.
I narrowed my eyes and said, “Thanks a lot. You know I hate you.”
“You started it. I thought you’d want to explain.”
I looked at Brandon and said, “It was all a misunderstanding.”
“Yeah. It usually is. Continue.” Cop face and cop voice. The atmosphere in the room was starting to get chilly.
I glanced at Kenzie and said, “He is such a cop. Continue, like I’m being interrogated. Like I don’t get enough of this at home.” I turned my stare on Brandon. “It was a big-ass gun for your information.”
Rick gave a snort. “It’s not funny,” I said, giving him a side long glance. He was grinning so big all he could do was nod.
“My friends and I went to my friend Tammy’s ex-boy-toy, I mean, boyfriend’s house to discuss his seeing someone else while we were on vacation,” I said, looking at everyone except Brandon and Rick. “The woman he was cheating with was in the yard and when we confronted her she pulled out a gun. My friend Nona had her hand on my stomach pushing me back when the girlfriend fired the gun. It went through her hand and into me.” I looked at Brandon and said, “The End. No one pressed charges because it was our fault as well as hers. Turns out she’s a really nice woman.”
By the time I was through with my story Rick was laughing so hard he was wiping tears from his face. No one else at the table was laughing. In fact, they were looking at him like he was laughing at a kid whose kitten just died.
“Tell them what kind of weapon it was,” Rick finally managed.
“In this case, size does not matter. It could have been a .45. The point is we survived a gunshot wound.” That’s what Nona always says. Yeah. It doesn’t make much sense when she says it either.
“Five women jumped on a six-foot, two inch braless woman wearing a white tank top, and daisy dukes in the rain. Oh, and she’s a weight lifter.” The people around the table started grinning. “The gun she pulls out is between her breasts and is a...derringer. A derringer. Her three friends said it was the biggest gun they have ever seen in their lives. It was terrifying.” He was laughing so hard he was barely getting the words out. Everyone else was laughing as well. Obviously they have never been shot with a derringer before.
“The barrel of the gun started out this size.” I curled my middle finger and thumb together to make a small circle, “and it grew to be about this size.” I held my middle fingers together on both hands together and both thumbs to make a bigger circle.
They were still laughing but I asked anyway, “Have any of ya’ll ever have a gun trained on you before? Trust me it’s bizarre the way the gun barrel grows.”
“Tyler was in the Army and Brandon was in the Air Force. So yeah, they have had guns trained on them.” Cassidy laughed.
“Oh, yeah…Well,” I stammered, “then you know how bizarre it is watching gun barrels grow.”
“Yeah, it is bizarre,” Tyler laughed, “but I have to tell you. If I had to watch a firearm grow I’d much rather watch a derringer grow than an AK47.”
“Well yeah, if you put it that way.” I laughed and added, “Let’s just say it hurts when you get shot. A lot.”
“That, I can attest to. Bullet wounds hurt,” Rick said, grinning and raising his beer in a salute. “Oh, by the way, guess who I ran into at Wal-Mart today?” He looked at me and winked. No one made a comment about his bullet wound remark.
I’m not a mind reader. Especially a man’s mind; it gets so cluttered with useless information about cars, sports or women’s boobs. Actually, when I see women I think a lot about their boobs. You know, are they real? No. They’re too rounded and they don’t bounce.
“Who?” I shrugged. I hate guessing games. Just tell me what you want me to know.
He looked at me and gave me a goofy grin. I laughed and said, “No. You did not.” I hesitated and then asked, “Did you give him a goofy grin?”
“Yep. I made sure he saw me with a goofy grin so I could tell him how tired I was. I also told him I enjoyed our long talk and you were quite animated on so many topics.”
“Something about that sounds dirty.” Brandon grinned.
“You have a dirty mind,” Rick said.
“That he does,” Kenzie agreed. “But that did sound sort of…naughty.”
“Chloe’s ex-fiancé has a habit of showing up at her apartment. I explained to him why he should stay away and was just proving a point.”
“All you did was make him more enthralled. Now I’ll never get rid of him.” I rolled my eyes. “You know how when you feed a stray cat you can’t get rid of it? That’s Johnny. I’ll have to shoot him. And now that my gun’s been cleaned, I can shoot him without blowing myself up.” I nodded, pursed my lips and looked off into the distance. “Yeah, I’ll ask him to take me fishing as soon as he gets back from Afghanistan. Yeah, that’ll work. No body.” I grinned. “No. That won’t work, the lakes around here are too shallow. Oh, yeah, wait a minute; we’ll go to the beach. It’s a bit cold but that’s okay. This may work. We’ll go deep sea fishing. Yeah, he’ll get drunk. He likes to drink. He’ll trip and fall over a high rail but hey, he’s drunk. I’ll be drunk too, but not really. I’ll pour my beers over board when no one’s looking.” I nodded and grinned.
It was quiet a few minutes and then Cassidy asked me. “Are you seriously considering…?”
I looked at her, cocked my head and said, “No. I’m not going to jail to be anybody’s bitch.” I started laughing. “Had you going, though, didn’t I?”
Everyone chuckled but Rick laughed. I had already told him I wasn’t going to jail to be any one’s bitch so he knew I was joking. He also met Johnny and was probably considering killing him as well. Man, I hope Johnny doesn’t get himself killed. I had too many witnesses saying I wanted to kill him.
Kenzie rose from the table and said, “On that note, we have to clean this mess up.”
We all rose from the table. Cassidy and I helped her put things away. It didn’t take long because we had paper plates so we just put all the silverware, burger plate and the fry’s platter in the dishwasher. This was Rick’s house I don’t know why he wasn’t doing it. He and his brothers sat in the living room.
When everything was put away, we went into the living room. Cassidy sat in an old fashion wooden rocker and Kenzie brought in a kitchen table chair to sit on. Brandon was sitting in the recliner and Tyler and Rick was sitting on the sofa. Obviously, the women thought I should sit next to Rick and I planned to, but first I had to check out the photo on the mantle.
“Day-am,” I mumbled.
“Mama, what’s day-am?” Travis, Brandon’s six-year-old is everywhere I don’t need him to be.
The people in the room looked at him and then at me grinning.
“I’m sorry. I didn’t know he was standing near me.” I’m not in the habit of looking down when I talk.
“It’s okay, no worries,” Kenzie said. “He doesn’t know what that word means.” She looked at Travis and said, “It’s a word you shouldn’t say.” He shrugged his shoulders and walked away. Can he teach my mother to do that?
“She’s looking at Rick’s dress whites picture,” Cassidy grinned. “There’s something about a man in a uniform.”
“I don’t understand that,” Brandon said. “I was around men all the time in uniform and didn’t get anything out of it. Wait a minute, I see police officers every day.” He shook his head and added, “Nope. Nothin’.” Of course everyone laughed at that.
I sat between Tyler and Rick and I winked at Rick. “I’ll say it again. Day-am.” He grinned and winked back while interlacing my fingers through his. Does this mean we’re really dating? Is he so comfortable with me he doesn’t mind showing his brothers that he likes me? Who knows? I just knew holding his hand felt right. I listened to the conversations around me and relaxed.
My cell phone rang, it was Cheri and I excused myself to answer it. I walked to the kitchen table to talk.
“Hey, Cheri. What’s up?”
“Where are you? You aren’t at your apartment, I called.” She sounded distressed.
“I’m…uh…at Rick’s. I wanted…” She already knew about him so I didn’t think it was a problem for her to know where I was. But she cut me off and talked right over me before I could say more.
“Good. Tell him there’s a silver Silverado parked in the parking lot near your apartment,” she said relieved.
“What are you doing slumming on my side of the apartment complex?”
“I swung by your apartment to see if your truck was in the parking lot before I called you to invite you over.”
Okay, that sounds logical. She invites me over to eat with her when Brent wasn’t eating with her.
“Thanks for calling. I’ll come home and call Cody in the plate number.”
“Oh, you don’t need to do that,” she said sounding excited. “I’ll walk over there and get the number.”
“No!” I said raising my voice. “Don’t do that. Stay in your apartment. Don’t go near the windows and lock your door. In fact, shove a chair under the door knob. And don’t answer it for anyone. Ask who it is first. Don’t even look out the peep hole until I call you.” I lowered my voice and added, “And besides there are hundreds of light-colored Silverados in Alexandria. You know…” I hesitated. “…it could be someone new to the apartment complex or just visiting and we’re throwing this all out of proportion.” Those who know me know how I can easily make mountains out of mole hills. Whatever a mole hill is;I’ve never seen one. I don’t think central Louisiana has too many.
“Chloe, you’re scaring me. Is everything alright? Are you not telling me something?” She was starting to sound annoyed.
“No. Nothing happened. Everything’s fine. I promise.” I took a deep breath to calm down. “I don’t want you to be mistaken for me.”
“Yes, because we look so much alike,” she said dryly.
“From a distance we could be mistaken. We both have long brown hair and our body shapes are close.” I laughed and added. “From a distance our body shape is close.”
I took a deep breath and let it out loudly. “Don’t go poking around that truck…honey bunny, darlin’, sweetie, please stay in your apartment. I love you and I can’t have anything happen to you. Brent, the boy-toy, would really be pissed at me.”
“Oh, well, we can’t have Brent pissed at you,” she said dryly. She then took a deep breath. “Okay, okay, I’ll stay in my apartment. But you have to promise you’ll let Rick or Cody check out the truck and your apartment before you get out of your truck.”
“Aw, come on, where’s the fun in that? You know how much I like risking my life.” I laughed and then said seriously, “Hey, should I dress in a disguise? I can dress up like a…I don’t know maybe a…no, I’ve already done the nun thing. Maybe I’ll dress as a slut. No. Your clothes won’t fit because you’re a leprechaun.” I laughed.
“And you’re an Amazon and I don’t dress like a slut.” She laughed and added, “It only looks slutty when you borrow them because they’re too small.”
“Yeah, but I look damn sexy. Wait a minute, does that mean I’m a queen? You know, as in Amazon Queen. Wait, that’s it. I’ll dress as a drag queen. I wonder if Rick has a slutty dress I could borrow. Nah, that wouldn’t work either. He’s too damn big. His clothes wouldn’t fit.”
She was laughing hard and asked, “Is he listening? I would love to see his expression.”
I turned toward the living room. The women were smiling. The men, not so much. “No, you really don’t want to see his expression right now.” Rick’s eyes were glaring and his mouth was very tight. I turned my back toward him so I wouldn’t get hurt by a flying dagger.
“Bye Cheri, and thanks for calling.”
.“Bye Chloe. I love you too and be careful.”
I disconnected and slowly turned back toward the living room. I smiled and said, “Well, I gotta go.”
“Cheri said there’s a silver Silverado in the parking lot near your apartment?” Rick asked. He still didn’t look happy but at least he was able to unglue his lips to talk.
“Yeah, she might’ve mentioned that,” I said casually. I don’t sweat the small stuff. Someone stalking me? Pshaw. Nothing to it.
“Brandon and I will be checking your parking lot and your apartment,” he said, walking toward me. He picked up my purse from a bar stool and held it away from me. “You have two choices. You can either stay here with me tonight or I’m staying at your place. Either way you won’t be alone.” His face was still red but he was breathing a little less deeply.
“Shouldn’t you ask Brandon if he wants to go with you?” I asked, narrowing my eyes.
“We’ll both check it out,” Brandon said, and then looked at Rick and said, “I don’t have a weapon. And I really need to know what’s going on.”
Rick smiled humorlessly and asked me, “Do you have your.22?”
“Oh, come on. Don’t tell me you don’t have something he can borrow.”
“Of course I do, but if he borrows yours he can give it back when he goes home.” He smiled sweetly.
That didn’t make any sense. If he borrowed Rick’s he could still give it back. But then again that would mean Rick would have two guns. He could always keep the extra in his duffle bag.
He stood in front of me with his arms crossed while holding my purse in his hand. I don’t think he wanted me to have a gun while he checked out the parking lot. Why? Did he think I was going to sneak out of the truck? Yes, I was. Dang.
“Fine. You can use mine.” I turned to Brandon and said, “I don’t know why you’d want to. It’s just a .22. You know, a pea shooter. Don’t you want something that would do some damage?”
“No. A .22’s fine. Do you have a permit?”
“Of course,” I glared at Rick and said through clenched teeth, “I would show you but I don’t seem to have my purse near me.”
“She does, I’ve seen it.” Rick gave a crooked grin.
“So glad you trust me. Couldn’t you have taken my word on it?” I was talking to Brandon but I was glaring at Rick. I didn’t like the way he wasn’t letting me get near my purse.
“I trust you. But you know what they say, seeing is believing,” Brandon smiled. I rolled my eyes.
Rick then proceeded to explain the situation to Brandon and the others were quietly listening but no one made a comment. I mean, it was just a missing painting. No big deal, right?
Great. They can’t go. I’m the one the jerk is after, not them. I can’t be the reason…
“Ya’ll can’t go. I’ll go alone. I won’t even get out of my truck. I’ll just call in the plate number to Cody,” I said to Rick and shook my head. “Rick, this jerk is after me. I’m not going to let him shoot someone else. I can’t do that. If something should happen…” I took a deep breath. “No. You’re not going.”
“I didn’t ask you if I could go. I asked you to decide where you were staying tonight.” He glared. I glared. There was a lot of glaring going on.
“Did she say shoot someone else?” Tyler asked.
“Yeah, there was a shooting at a resident’s house the other day while Chloe was there and she thinks it was because she was there wanting to talk to the home owner.” He said all this while never taking his eyes off me.
Kenzie cleared her throat and then asked, “Was anyone hurt?”
“The homeowner was shot but he’ll be fine.” He didn’t tell them that I was shot in process. I guess he didn’t want to worry them. Okay, I wasn’t going to enlighten them as well. “Chloe was shot as well.” Oh, well there goes theory.
“Oh my God!” Kenzie and Cassidy said together.
There was a pause and then Kenzie said softly, “Brandon?”
“I’ll be fine, baby,” Brandon said sweetly. He was probably smiling at her, but I couldn’t tell because I didn’t turn my eyes away from Rick.
 “I’m not staying here,” I said through clenched teeth. My jaw muscles were really going to be sore in the morning from the work out they were getting tonight.
“Fine,” he said muscles bulging in his jaw. I wonder if his jaw was going to be sore in the morning. He walked toward Tyler and handed him my purse. “Hold this and don’t give it back to her.” He walked down the hall to his bedroom and added, “Sit on her if you have to just make sure she doesn’t leave.”
“I hate you,” I yelled down the hall.
“I know,” he answered.
“I hate you. Is that another way of saying I love you?” Cassidy asked.
“Love? I can barely tolerate him,” I said raising my voice.
“Yeah. We could tell by the way ya’ll held hands and were talking to each other earlier this evening,” Kenzie said with a smile.
No. No. No. This was not happening. I just admitted we were dating. I was not in love. Oh man, I was in love. I haven’t felt like this before. Wrong. I thought I loved Johnny. No. I did love Johnny. I don’t know why. He’s an idiot. Maybe it was because I was young and Johnny is very good looking. But not like the way I feel about Rick. Rick is rugged and is very sexy. Yeah, yeah, maybe it’s not love. Maybe it’s just infatuation. Yeah, that’s it, it’s infatuation. I sat on a bar stool and put my head in my hands. I’m in lust.
My cell phone rang. It was Felicia. “Oh, no,” I groaned. I really didn’t have time to talk to anyone right now. All I wanted to do was scream and run for the hills. This is Louisiana, we don’t have hills. Well, we have hills but we are below sea level so they aren’t very high hills. I had to answer the damn phone.
“What Felicia,” I said way too harshly.
“Damn. Who ate the last cookie?”
I took a deep breath and let it out. I knew the audience in the living room was listening to my every word. They were so quiet in there if I would have farted they would have all moved farther away from me and I was in a whole different room. Not that I had to fart. I use to fart in class and blame it on the boys around me. But I digress. Let’s just say there was no farting being done.
“Is there a reason you called? I really don’t have time to talk.” Get to the point Felicia.
“Yeah, there is a reason. Are you and Rick or you and Cody or you and your parents or you and…well the list could go on and on, fighting?”
“No.”
“Ah, well, in that case I have a question. Do you think Rick’s friends thought we were going to sleep with them the other night?” Really? Was she really asking me this question? Do I care?
I heard talking in the back ground and knew why she had called. “Is Tammy and Nona with you?”
“Yes, and we were hoping we didn’t come across as…you know…slutty.”
“No. You aren’t slutty,” I held the bridge of my nose between my fingers and shook my head avoiding the living room. “And yes, they probably did think you might sleep with them.” I took another deep breath and let it out. “They’re not only Navy but special ops. They probably think all women want to skewer them.” I raised my voice and was almost yelling by the time I had finished my sentence. I heard Rick coming down the hall and added, “I gotta go. Quit dwelling. There’s nothing you can do about it now anyway. Bye.” I heard her say “Wait,” but I disconnected. I’ll call back later; right then I had other things to do.
That conversation brought a little more animation from the living room. I heard the word skewer and special ops a few times. I had assumed Rick told them about his friends being here for a short time but I didn’t know for sure.
Rick walked down the hall carrying a duffle bag. “Did you say skewer? Who were you talking to?”
I shook my head and waved my hand away as if to say nobody and said, “You can’t go. I’ll stay here. See? You don’t have to check out my apartment.”
“Fine, stay here. But we still have to go to your apartment,” he said with a tight smile.
“Ahhh! You are unbelievable! Fine! Okay! I’m staying in my apartment! And I don’t care if you get shot because I-don’t-love-you!” I yelled while beating on his chest with my fists.
“Okay, you don’t love me.” He dropped his bag and grabbed my wrists, looked me in the eyes and said loudly and slowly, “I love you!”
“No, you don’t. It’s infatuation. Lust. That’s all it is to it. It’s not love. And I don’t care if the other night was the most incredible, mind blowing sex I have ever had. You are not stepping foot near my bed, you sonofabitch!”
He grinned and said, “Do you realize you just insulted my brothers’ mother?”
I flinched, dropped my jaw and widened my eyes. Rick laughed and asked, “Forgot they were here, didn’t you?”
I didn’t say anything, just stared at him while he leaned toward me and said sotto voce in my ear, letting go of my wrists ,, “It’s okay, babe. They know I’m not a virgin.”
“Wow, Cassidy, you’ve never said anything like that to me.”
“That’s because I don’t have anyone to compare you to,” Cassidy said dryly.
“Touché.” Tyler laughed. “Touché.”
“Are you ready to go?” Rick asked still grinning.
“I need my purse,” I mumbled.
“Go get it,” Rick said with a mischievous grin.
“Jackass. I will.” I walked over to Tyler with my head up but sweating. “Tyler, I need my purse.” He glanced at Rick for confirmation and held it out to me. I took it, looked at the others and said, “It was nice meeting ya’ll. Who knows if I’ll ever see ya’ll again. I would also like to apologize. I did not mean to insult anyone’s mother or mother-in-law. I should’ve called him a jerk or jackass or louse or asshole. The names are unlimited.”
“I don’t know if I’ve ever seen someone turn so many colors of red, Chloe,” Kenzie said and they all laughed. Obviously, I do turn red under the right circumstances.
Brandon rose from his chair and put his arm around my shoulders and said, “Don’t sweat the name calling. We knew what you meant. As for the names you call him,” he said jerking his head toward Rick, “we can help with those.” He laughed, removed his arm, then walked over to Kenzie and kissed her and said, “I won’t be long.” She grabbed him and kissed him harder.
We walked outside to our trucks. Brandon actually had to walk around to the back of the house to get to his truck. I stopped by my truck and said to Rick, “Follow my dust and I shall make dust for you to follow.”
Brandon stopped, looked at Rick and asked, “What does that mean?”
“I have no idea,” Rick said shaking his head.

Chapter Twenty-Seven


The drive back to my place felt menacing. It took an hour to get home. Okay, in actuality, it only took thirty-five minutes; it only felt like an hour. Rick passed me on Hwy 31 and Brandon stayed behind me. I was sandwiched in. What was I going to do make a run for it? I wanted to go back to my apartment. I wanted to go back alone, but still, I wasn’t going to run away.
I think they enjoyed playing these games. I drove the speed limit, which was probably very aggravating for Rick. I’m sure he thought I was going to try to race him back. I don’t think so. He knew a lot more about defensive driving than I did. I drive offensively not defensively. I can offend even when I’m not trying. A good example of that took place in Rick’s home.
This creep at my apartment is starting to piss me off. Now he’s invading my personal space. Why can’t he follow me around like normal psychos do? Better question, how did he know where I lived? Obviously, duh, he followed me. Why didn’t I notice him following me? He could have borrowed another car. This is getting me nowhere and I’m scaring myself to death. I was quite comfortable driving between Brandon and Rick. Okay, now I sound like a liar because I had just said I didn’t want them to check out my apartment. I still don’t, but it wasn’t a whole lot I was going to do about it now.
Rick had slowed down following a slower car so I changed lanes to go around. Rick changed lanes. Brandon changed lanes behind him. We passed the slower car and I returned to the right lane. Rick and Brandon changed lanes along with me. This could be fun so I changed lanes a few more times to see if they’d follow suit. Sure enough, they did. And then it was time to choose to exit off the highway I was on or exit to Fulton, which goes into Alexandria. I thought about playing games by turning on my signal and then going straight but decided it wasn’t worth the headache later. I followed Rick to Fulton. Sometimes I’m just no fun.
I started thinking about the people I had already interviewed about the missing painting. None of these people acted like they knew anything about the painting. But they could be Oscar winning actors and actresses as far as I knew. Well, no actually, they didn’t lie because Sister Bonita had the painting all along. Get your head together Chloe. I alone knew something was hidden at the Old Shloe Farm. What? I didn’t have a clue. Could this maniac be someone else I offended? Could be. As I said before, it could be from an old case. Someone whose divorce is final and they aren’t happy with the results. Hidden money could have just come out of a safe deposit box and the ex-spouse didn’t want to share. But if it was money he or she had made while married, wouldn’t they have to share? I didn’t think any of my old cases were very profitable. But what did I know, that’s why they call it hidden money.
Speaking of hidden money. I wonder if that’s what is hidden. Was it money? Was it gems? Or was it just some old family heirlooms. If it was family heirlooms, someone will be mighty disappointed. It would serve them right, though, for killing one man and wounding another and shooting at me. Man, I hate being shot at. Remind me to take a potty break before anyone takes a swipe at me again.
My phone rang when we were still about a mile away.
“What, Rick.” I still wasn’t happy with him thinking he had to babysit me.
“Park near Cheri’s place and when we clear the area I’ll come get you.”
“Fine, but don’t call in the plate number. You should let me call Cody or Dick Weed.”
“Alright. Call Reed. It’s his case.”
He said, “Bye,” but I didn’t, I just disconnected. Childish yes, but very satisfying.
I parked away from my apartment and waited and invented all kinds of things that could be happening. I heard noises and even thought I heard someone running toward me. Nope. Nothing was happening. It was all my imagination. That’s exactly what I told myself. I’m not this nervous while waiting in the dark for a cheating significant other. But then, they don’t usually want to kill me at that point. That usually comes later. I tried leaning my head back on the head rest and closing my eyes. No. That made it worse, my other senses took over. I was straining my eyes and ears so hard that when Rick knocked on my window I yelped and jumped. My heart was beating out of my chest. Good Lord, I wish he wouldn’t have done that.
Rick grinned and waited for me to open my door. “Scare you?”
“No. I always jump like that while sitting in my truck. It’s really great for the core.” I’m so sarcastic. I love that about me.
Brandon laughed and said, “The lot is clear, no one’s sitting in the Silveraldo, but be careful while entering your apartment.”
“Yeah, I’m sure you’re gonna let me walk in my apartment without throwing me against the wall first and then ordering me to stay put,” I said rolling my eyes.
The men laughed and agreed to that.
“Pinning her against the wall sounds fun.” Rick laughed and waggled his eyebrows.
“Speaking of that, bro, you shouldn’t yell ‘I love you’ to a woman. You need to say it a lot more romantic. Especially, if it’s the first time you say it.” Brandon grinned and winked at me.
“Yeah, good advice Brand. Why didn’t I think of that? Oh, I know, it’s usually because when you tell a woman you love her she’s usually not yelling that she hates you,” Rick said looking hard at me trying hard not to grin.
I ignored them both and instead asked, “Did you write down the plate number so I could call Dick Weed?”
 “Yeah, I have it. I’ll give it to you inside,” Rick said patting his pocket.
“Did you say Dick Weed?” Brandon was confused looking from me to Rick.
“Dick Weed is Chloe’s little nick name for Det. Richard Reed,” Rick said while shaking his head.
“Oh, yeah, I know him. He’s not that bad is he?” Brandon laughed.
“That depends if you’re a woman,” I said dryly.
“Okaay. I’m going now. Stay safe.” He and Rick grabbed hands and gave each other a man half hug. He grinned at me and handed my gun back to me while saying, “Nice meeting you, Chloe. Let’s do this again sometime sans weapons.”
I didn’t answer I just smirked and narrowed my eyes. He laughed and walked off.
Rick took my hand and walked me to his truck to get his duffle bag. Is he holding my hand…?
“Are you holding my hand so I won’t run off to my apartment and lock you out?”
“You wouldn’t do that would you?” he asked tilting his head and raising his eyebrows.
Probably. “No, I wouldn’t do that.” Hell yes.
After retrieving his bag, we walked to my apartment. Rick told me to wait by the door so he could check out the rest of the apartment. I then called Cheri to tell her Rick and his brother checked out the lot and my apartment and all was well.
After that I called Cody to get Dick Weed’s number. This is gonna be fun. Maybe next I’ll remove my own tonsils. Oh wait, I can’t do that. I’ve already had my tonsils taken out.
“Hey, Chloe. What’s up?” He sounded like he was still in a good mood. Let’s hope he stays this way.
“Hey Cody, how was the party?” First chit chat, soften him up.
“It was fun. The kids are exhausted. They’re sound asleep.” I bet they’re exhausted, they’re just getting over tonsillitis. Don’t mention that.
“That’s good. No fighting sleep tonight. But there is another reason I called.”
“Thought it might be.” Okay his friendliness is fading. “What can I do for you?”
“I’m gonna ignore that and come right to the point. What is Dick Weed’s number?” He ticked me off. He acts like I never call to see how they’re doing. I often call if I know the kids have been sick.
“Why?” It wasn’t really a question.
“Because I miss his charming personality.”
He was silent, waiting.
“Okay, the real reason is that I know a woman that has really ticked me off and I want to get her back by setting her up with Dick Weed.” I looked over at Rick and he was grinning. I was grinning as well. Suzanne didn’t tick me off that much.
“You know I could almost believe that. But I don’t. What’s the real reason?”
“Okay, okay the real reason is…”
“Chloe!” I had to give in and tell him. He was starting to get ticked
“There’s a silver Silverado in my parking lot and I want him to run the plate since it’s his case. And don’t bother to come over. I’m in my apartment safe and sound.” I didn’t want him to come to my apartment so I added, “You know you don’t have to check things out here, Dick Weed will want to do the same thing. So let him do it. You stay home and get some rest. You sound tired too.”
He thought about it for a few seconds and then said, “Alright, but call me when he leaves.”
I agreed, smiled, wrote down the number he gave me.
“It’s good to see I’m not the only one you give a hard time to.” Rick smiled.
“I only do that to the ones I care about.” Oh, no I didn’t. He was grinning. Oh, yes I did. “Not that I care about you,” I said to cover my goof. He was still grinning. Crap.
I called Dick.
“Hello?” I wondered if he answered because he didn’t recognize my number.
“Dick Weed, I need you to run a plate on a silver Silverado that’s parked in my parking lot near my apartment.” No chit chat.
“How did you get my number? Or did you always have it?” The pompous jerk.
“I called my favorite brother. And it is your case, moron.”
“I love the way you sweet talk me, Chloe.”
I gave him the number and waited for him to find a pad to write it on. And then I repeated it so he could write it down.
“Where are you? Are you at your apartment or did you notice it while you were leaving for a date. Oh, my bad. You aren’t dating anyone. No one can put up with you longer than ten minutes.”
“Good one, Dick Weed. Did you come up with that one by yourself or did Rosy tell you and you had to wait for just the right moment to say it to me.”
“I love our talks, Chloe. I’ll send a patrol car around to your apartment to check out the lot. What’s your apartment number so he can let you know when it’s safe?”
I gave him the number and we hung up.
“Do you and Reed really dislike each other that much or is it just for show?”
“I really don’t know. It could be a habit.” I shrugged. “We’ve been at this for so long, I haven’t really thought about it. I do know I wouldn’t set him up with anyone I knew whether I disliked her or not.”
He just shook his head and went to the sofa to watch TV. I didn’t know where to go. I didn’t want to go to bed. I didn’t want to stay in the living room with him. I went to my bedroom to change my clothes. I put on my jammies and was nice and comfortable. He glanced at me as I sat in the recliner but continued to watch TV. I suppose he liked my Winnie the Pooh jammies. In the winter I wear T-shirt and flannel pajama pants. I left my socks on and threw a throw blanket over my shoulders. I just thought it was something I should do especially since a cop was going to knock on my door and I don’t own a robe. It was a little cool in my apartment but I didn’t raise the heat. I like it cool when I sleep. Actually, I was cold but I had taken off my sweater so I’m glad I wrapped up in my blanket. That’s probably why he was looking at my T-shirt. He could tell I was cold.
About five minutes later, there was a knock on the door. Rick stood behind the door with his gloc in his hand. I called, “Who is it?” and looked out the peep hole.
“Officer Jeansonne,” was the reply. Sure enough it was a police officer.
I opened the door and a middle-aged woman was standing there smiling. “Hi, officer.”
“Hi. Are you Ms. Babineaux?” I nodded, and she continued, “I checked the lot. It seems clear. I didn’t see anyone. It’s a quiet night. Could I see some id?”
“Sure.” I left her at the door while I retrieved my wallet with my driver’s license.
“Did you run the plate?” I asked her while showing her my id.
“Yes. It’s registered to Glenna Boudreaux. Do you know her?”
“No,” I shook my head. “I’ve never heard of her.” She wasn’t on my list of names Petunia gave me. I was pretty sure of that. I had gone through that list many times and Boudreaux wasn’t on the list. Boudreaux was the name of the Defense instructor that attacked me at the Police Accademy, so yeah, I’d remember that name.
“Probably just someone visiting. I wouldn’t worry about it.” Officer Jeansonne was very convincing. But Officer Jeansonne hadn’t had anyone shooting at her recently.
“You’re probably right, and I’ve had enough excitement. I wouldn’t have called but if anything should happen to me, Cody would be really pissed.”
She laughed and said, “Have a good night,” and walked away.
I closed the door and walked to my bedroom to get pillow and blanket for Rick. I walked back to the living room and threw it down on the sofa and sat down in the recliner again. This was gonna be a long night. I wanted it over with so I could get Monday over with. I was excited about it, but I was also fuming about how this evening was shaping up.
I got up again and called Cody and told him about Officer Jeansonne and that all was clear.
I sat down on the sofa again, glared at Rick and asked, “Why do you love me?”
“Beats the hell out of me,” he said without looking at me, keeping his eyes on the TV he had turned on while waiting for the police officer.
We were quiet. I was quiet because I wanted to jump up and beat the shit out of him but I knew I would lose. I don’t know why he was quiet. What did he mean, ‘Beats the hell out of him?’ Does he tell women he loves them without meaning it? We already had sex, so why bother saying I love you now?
“It sounds like a cliché but you’re different. You don’t want me because of what I am. You wanted to be with me because of who I am. Some women just want to marry a SEAL and some want to marry a cop. You don’t ask me a thousand questions about being a SEAL and you already know what it’s like to be around cops. Sometimes when women find out I’m human, I have emotions and I need to talk things out it bothers them that I’m not emotionless.” He looked over at me and slightly smiled. “Besides, being with you is never a dull moment.”
 “I don’t understand. What makes you think I care?” I don’t care, but what makes him think I care. Because I don’t. Wow. And what does he mean by never a dull moment?
“When you found out I was shot, you asked m-e how it happened and who shot me. You didn’t ask me if I shot them back or how many men have I shot? You also talked to me about being captured. You didn’t just say, ‘Boy, I bet that hurt. Let’s have sex.’ You would have talked more but I can’t say any more and you didn’t press me on it.” He paused and I couldn’t say anything. Didn’t know what to say.
So I didn’t say anything. What could I say? I was curious about his capture but he was right; I knew he couldn’t say anything about it. Dang. Why did he make me feel this way? I knew what I could have said but I wasn’t going to. Not right then anyway.
Instead I asked, “What about Suzanne? She didn’t seem to care about your career.” He didn’t sleep with her which I still find odd.
He took a deep breath, switched channels on the TV and said, “Yeah, you’d think I would have. I mean, what was I thinking? You saw her body, right? But I didn’t.” He turned his head to me and said, “You see, I met a few men who have a wife and kids they can’t wait to go home to. They have a reason to go home. Yeah, it might be a mad house because of homework, ball games and a cranky wife. His wife’s cranky because she’s helping with homework or refereeing kids and cooking dinner at the same time. Or even if his wife’s at work when he gets home and he has to do all that, it doesn’t matter because he’s home.” He paused a few minutes and then continued. “Home is very grounding. It doesn’t matter what you’ve done that day or how many lives you saved because to your kids you’re Daddy and to your wife you’re her husband.” He paused and neither of us said anything and then he added, “If I’d had sex with Suzanne it would’ve been just sex. Sex is good. But I want more than that.” What made him think I wanted more than sex? Oh yeah, we slept together twice without having sex.
We were silent while watching CNN for a few minutes and then he added, “When I was captured all I wanted to do was die. I wanted them to kill me and get it over with.” He shook his head and turned to me. “But I didn’t die. I withstood all…everything. I only wanted to die when I was alone. When I was being tortured I wanted to live so I could kill them.” He turned back to the TV. “I prayed and talked to myself and to imaginary buddies. I kept telling myself that I would either eventually die or I would be rescued. That’s why I want more out of life than just sex. Because there’s more to life than meaningless sex. I want someone to come home to and love me as much as I love her.”
Wow. What do I say? I don’t know if I can give all that. Let’s face it. I’m not that good of a cook. Do I want the domestic life? At one time I did. But now…? “Okay, I understand. And that explains so much to me. What I need is a wife.” I had to grip the chair so I wouldn’t jump up and grab him with both hands and not let go. I was hoping he couldn’t see my tears. But I knew he could hear it in my voice.
He laughed and said, “And you make me laugh.” I smiled.
“Felicia wanted to know if your friends thought they were slutty and wanted to have sex with them.” There you go Chloe, change the subject.
“My friends always wanna have sex. But they didn’t think your friends were slutty. In fact, they want to come back for a visit when their mission is over.”
“How do you know?”
“You were talking to your friends when they told me.”
“Your friends should have said something to my friends. But now I’m not too sure. I mean, they’ll come all this way for a dinner and a movie and then leave again.”
“Let them work it out,” he said still watching TV. Was he mad at me? Probably. He said he loved me and I didn’t say it back.
“Rick…? I’m going to bed.” I couldn’t say it. Why? I know I loved him. I slept with him three times and we only had sex once. He didn’t come on like a force of nature but his love making was. Did he think I was this fragile thing or a whacko? After my assault, people treated me like I was fragile and I hated it. I would rather people think of me as a whacko. “Why didn’t you try to make love to me the first two times we slept together?”
“It wasn’t time. The first time I made love to you was going to be more than about sex.” I looked over at him and he was smiling. I made a faux pas. I said make love instead of sex.
I walked to my bedroom, brushed my teeth and climbed into bed. I stared at the ceiling. The ceiling didn’t say much. I got up and looked out the window. That view was depressing. I got back into bed and laid on my right side. I lay on my left side. I returned to my back. I lay on my stomach. I really don’t like sleeping on my stomach, so it was back to staring at the ceiling.
“Ahhh!” I couldn’t sleep.
The bedroom door was thrown open and Rick was standing there with his big-ass gun in his hand. He leaned against the door frame and asked, “Is there a problem?”
My heart had skipped several beats and I jumped so high I fell out of bed. I sat on the floor and said accusingly, “You scared the hell out of me. And I thought I heard a panther outside my window.”
“A panther. Outside your window on the second floor in urban Alexandria,” he said dryly.
“Yeah. I heard they can jump high. This one must have followed you from your house.”
He walked over to the window and looked out. “Nope. No panther.”
“Good. I should be able to sleep now.” I rose off the floor and sat on the bed.
“Glad I could help.” He walked to the doorway and was pulling the door closed when I stopped him. “Rick…”
He stopped and turned toward me. We looked at each other for about twenty seconds and then he said, “Ask me, Chloe. You told me not set foot in your bed.” My heart was beating a mile a minute.
“It’s not your foot I want. You could just stand on the side.” I grinned.
“Uh-uh. Ask me.” He was still leaning against the door frame looking all sexy in his T-shirt and sports shorts. Obviously, he had changed for bed.
“Rick, will you…? I mean…I’ve never asked…look you’ve had four hundred women and I’ve haven’t had many, well okay, I’m lying I’ve had one,. I don’t have the experience you have inviting men to bed.”
“Oh hell, Chloe.” He took one step and jumped landing beside me. “I couldn’t stand there any longer anyway. I was coming in here whether you eventually got the words out or not.”
“I wish you would’ve done that before I started stumbling around trying to figure out what to say.”
“I thought it was sweet and I haven’t had four hundred women,” he said while nuzzling my neck.
“Okay. My bad, three hundred women.”
He laughed and said, “Let’s not talk about that now, but I do have a question.”
Uh, oh, this might not be a good thing, he stopped nuzzling. I didn’t answer I just turned my eyes to him.
“The man you slept with. Was it Johnny?” He had placed his hand over my breast and started circling my nipple with his thumb.
My breathing started getting deeper and faster. Why was he asking me this? Was he jealous? “Why?”
“You’d never had an orgasm before me, had you?” he asked with a deep raspy voice.
“Oh God!” I whispered and tried to get up but was pushed back down.
“Whoa, where are you going?”
“You want a woman with more experience don’t you? I’m not very good,” I said while trying to push his arm off me.
“What are you talking about? Woman, you’re hell on wheels and you’re the last woman I will ever make love to.” He started kissing my ear.
“I’m not horrible? But Johnny said since I’ve never had an orgasm I was cold in bed.” Why am I telling him this?
He leaned up on his elbow grinned and said, “Johnny didn’t know how to relax and make a woman hot before satisfying himself. It was all about him.” He took a deep breath and added, “I’m gonna beat the shit out of him if I ever see him again.”
“How do you know?” How could he know?
“Because I like making you squirm and call my name and,” he said while moving his hand south down my belly. “You had one hell of orgasm and then you said ‘what the hell?’”
I was having a hard time talking, so I said slowly and breathy, “What…did you mean…I was…the last woman…you’re gonna make love to.” He didn’t answer he just grinned.
“Are you dying?” That sentence came out faster this time.
He kissed below my ear and whispered hoarsely, “I want you to stop talking.” He moved to my shoulder and whispered, “I want to make love to you.” He pulled my T-shirt down and kissed me just above my breast and whispered, “Yes, I’m dying to fulfill my fantasy with you. You rock my world. No, you are my world, Chloe.”
I couldn’t think about that sentence right then. Mostly, because I couldn’t think of anything but Rick and what he was doing with his fingers.

####

I woke up hearing that horrible sound again. The movement beside me on the bed gave me the clue I wasn’t alone. I was facing the left side of the bed and Rick was on the other side. I stretched and turned over and he placed his arm over me, pulled me closer to him, kissed my neck and said “Good morning.” Good thing too. Only on TV and movies do they not have morning breath. I wasn’t used to waking up with someone else. It felt strange, but in a good way. This time when I woke up with him I didn’t run for the mole hills or crawfish mounds. That’s probably why he put his arm around me, so I wouldn’t run for the crawfish mounds.
I threw his arm off of me and straddled his waist. No, wait, I had another idea. I told him to turn on his stomach and started to kiss his scars. When I finished his back I told him to turn over. I kissed and licked each and every scar on his torso and arms. My mouth was dry by the time I was finished but it was worth it. I straddled him and smiled down to him. He placed his arms behind his head and asked with a smirk, “I’m not gonna deny that wasn’t outstanding.”
I wiggled around and said with a huge grin, “I can tell.”
His grin became broader and he asked while softly massaging my hips and back, “What was that about?”
I drew circles in the sparse dark hair on his chest and said while making complete eye contact, “I want you to think of me kissing…”
“And licking,” he said on a laugh.
“And licking,” I laughed with him. “Each and every scar on your body.” His eyes grew large. “Think of me when you see your scars in the mirror and not how you received them. Those scars are you.” I cupped his face with my hands. “Receiving them, made you who you are today. You had to be confident, self-reliant, brave and a total whacko to become a SEAL and you still are. Those scars can’t take that away from you.” I smiled closed my eyes opened them slowly and continued, “So think of me when you see them and I will kiss them and make any other boo boo you get better by doing so.”
“Damn, baby.” He laughed and quickly rolled me over so he was on top of me. “I’m gonna be late for work and probably get chewed out. But I’m gonna be grinning the whole time.” He kissed my ribs and I squealed because I’m very ticklish on my ribs.
He eventually, crawled out of bed to take a shower. I stopped him at the bathroom door and said, “Rick.” He turned around, and day-am, everything and I mean everything, about him is toned “I don’t hate you.” I couldn’t get enough of that view.
“Good to know.” He grinned.
I walked to the kitchen to make coffee. On the way, I noticed myself in the mirror. Crap. I am not a morning person. My hair was everywhere. This is me, love me or leave me. While I waited for the coffee I watched the news on TV; it looked to be a nice day. Good, I really didn’t want to be digging around outside in the rain.
I ate my cereal and was waiting for my coffee to cool off enough for me to drink when Rick walked into the kitchen. Of course he looked better than me; he just took a shower.
“Morning, sunshine.” He smiled.
“Morning, sugar nuts.” I grinned. He laughed and put bread in the toaster.
“Are you always at home in women’s apartments in the morning?” I had to ask. He always seems at home here. Whether it’s in the morning or…whenever he’s here.
“I’m usually not around in the morning.” He grinned and winked.
“But you’re babysitting me. You had to stay the night.” Ha! Now what are you going to say to that, Mr. I’m Implying I’m Here Because I Want To Be Here.
“Yeah, and that’s exactly why I didn’t sleep on the sofa. I had to make sure you were safe from panthers jumping through your window.” He walked to the breakfast bar where I had been leaning and took my face between his hands and said, “I know you aren’t going to reciprocate, but I’m going to say it anyway. I love you.” And then he kissed me.
“Damn. You couldn’t go to work without saying that could you? The last time I said I love you to a man it didn’t work out so great.”
He walked to my side of the bar and put his arms around my waist, turned me around and said, “Do you want me to walk on water to prove my love?”
“Can you?” Wow. That would be so awesome.
“No. But I would if I could.” He grinned and asked, “Do you want me to tell Cody I’ll be at the next family gathering?”
“Yeah. No. Tell him nothing yet.”
He laughed without making a comment. He picked up on the yet part. What was I doing? Yeah, I knew what I was doing. Time to get it over with. I really don’t know why I loved him. I just did. Not many men can put up with my sarcasm and I love the way I can’t intimidate him. Lord knows I try and always will. Rick has seen me at my worse and still said he loved me.
“Rick? I love you too.” Oh God! Did I just say that? Out loud?
Once something is said out loud you can’t take it back. Like when I said ‘love you.’ I tried to take it back but, nope. It just couldn’t be done. It was like a bird fighting a tropical storm, flapping its poor little wings but going absolutely no where. It was pathetic. Wait a minute, did I say, ‘I love you’ first? No. Definitely not. The only thing I said was ‘love you’. I did not put the word I in front of love you. He’s the one that said I love you first and in front of his family. Now that was…oh man, he said he loved me in front of his family. Why am I just now remembering that? Because I was so mad at the time. He said he loved me when I was mad. That’s why I didn’t pay that much attention. But then he told me those things here in my apartment. Well, he’s still here. He didn’t make an excuse to leave. He could have suggested I spend the night at my parents’ house or at one of his brother’s house or even Cody's.
“Hey, Chloe.” He was waving his hand in front of my face. “I said I know you love me and you don’t have to walk on water to prove it.” Thank goodness or I’d drown. We kissed a tonsil licking kiss, then his toast popped up.
He retrieved it and started buttering it and said, “And for your information I really don’t do one night stands. I don’t like them. That’s why I haven’t been as promiscuous as you think.”
I pretended to think about that. I believed him but it was fun teasing him anyway. “I believe you, Rick, but considering the things you did last night, you definitely had more than one woman,” I said wide eyed.
“Well, maybe a couple more than one.” He winked and grinned.
The door bell rang, we looked at each other and I shrugged.
“Who is it?” I asked while staring at Rick.
“Johnny.” Perfect. Why is he here? Did he know Rick was here? No. Believe me, Johnny is not psychic and he wouldn’t show up if he knew who was here.
I opened the door making sure my blanket was wrapped around me. I didn’t want anything to distract Johnny from telling me why he was here. I had put my jammies back on and Johnny likes my jammies.
“Johnny, what a surprise. It’s early. Sorry you can’t stay,” I said closing the door.
“I wanted to tell you I was leaving today,” he said blocking the door with his hand.
“Oh, well…Okay. Good luck then.” I tried the door closing thing again.
“Aren’t you gonna invite me in?” he asked sounding kind of hurt.
“Oh, alright,” I said annoyed while opening the door wider.
Rick had finished buttering his toast and was sitting at the bar eating. He looked at Johnny smiling and lifting his coffee in a toast. “Hi, Johnny.”
“Is he living here?” Johnny asked incredulously.
“No, he’s not. You know I don’t believe in cohabitating.”
“Yes, I know.” He looked at me with narrowed eyes and continued. “Maybe if you did we wouldn’t have broken up.”
“Is he really blaming me for our broken engagement? I made him sleep with other women?” I asked looking at Rick.
“Don’t know,” Rick grinned, “but if you did, I’d like to thank you.”
“You’re welcome.” I grinned back at him. I thought about telling him I was pretty good at making men break up with me but decided now wasn’t the time to tell him that.
Rick walked through the living room so he could stand while blocking the door and said, “You know Johnny, the last time you were here I told you if you ever came back I would rip your head off. Do you remember that?”
Johnny tried glaring but it was staged and it looked more like he was trying not to wet himself. He stuttered and flapped his arms around and said, “I…I came…I came by to tell Chloe bye. That’s all.”
“Yeah, but you see, the thing is, it’s early. Chloe doesn’t get up this early. You knew she would still be in bed. All sleepy eyed and half asleep in her cute pajamas.” He stuffed his toast in his mouth and took his time chewing while staring at Johnny. I was trying not to laugh or at least make any noise laughing. Johnny was afraid to take his eyes off Rick in case he had to duck.
“But I have to leave in an hour. I wanted to…” Johnny stammered.
“Johnny, Johnny, Johnny, we know why you’re here.” Rick walked up to him and gave him a right cross to his jaw. He went down to the floor and didn’t move.
I walked over to him lying on the floor and asked blandly, “You didn’t kill him did you?” I cared but not enough to bend down to check a pulse.
Rick gave me a ‘what?’ look. “No, I didn’t kill him. I didn’t hit him that hard.” He nudged him with his boot and said, “Wake up John-John.”
Johnny moaned and groaned and eventually woke up. He looked up at us and sat up quickly grabbing his head. “What? You hit me!” he said standing up kind of wobbly.
“Yes, I did. And if you ever come here again, you know, as in well…I don’t know, a… I’m back home gesture. I’ll do more than just hit you. What don’t you understand about not coming here again?” He put his arm around my waist and added, “I’m not going anywhere. Yeah, sure, I have a job and I have to go to work. But I do come home in the evenings. So, if you decide you want to visit Chloe when you get home from deployment. Remember this.” He paused for dramatic effect. “I will know.”
I wrinkled my nose and repeated, “He will know.”
Johnny walked to the door shaking his head and looking down at the floor. I sort of hated having him go off and risk his life feeling depressed but I was sure he would find another woman to take my place shortly. He always did, he only came to my apartment between women.
“Oh, Johnny,” I called to him before he walked out the door, “the next time you’re between women remember this.” I turned to Rick, wrapped both arms around his shoulders, moved one hand up to wrap my fingers in his hair and kissed him hard. Enjoying every meticulous moment of it. Okay. I didn’t feel that bad for him.
We eventually pulled away and I didn’t hear Johnny close the door. Rick grinned and said, “That was mean. I enjoyed it but it was still mean.”
“Yeah, well, which do think got to him more? Your hit or my kiss? Or how about the reason you’re here so early?” I laughed.
“He’ll have to explain the bruise and he’ll probably blame it on a kiss.” He laughed. “But I’m sure he’ll tell his buddies he did all the kissing and was here last night when I knocked on the door this morning.”
I shrugged my shoulders in a whatever pose. He walked to the bedroom to retrieve his clothes and stuffed them inside his bag. His weapon was holstered and he placed it on his hip alongside his badge.
He grabbed my hand and walked me to the door. He put down his bag and took both my hands in his and said, “Don’t leave too early to go to Shloe. We’ll be there around eleven. If we can’t I’ll call you. Promise me.” He looked me in the eyes unblinking.
“I promise. I have to go in to write up my report anyway. But I’m not waiting around all morning. I’m going out there.” I can be hard-headed and stubborn as well as he can. No I’m better at it. There are times I love being a woman.
“Okay, bye, I’ll see you later. I love you.”
“I love you, too.” It’s getting easier to say that.
He kissed me again and left. I could get use to all these kisses. It would be even better if neither one of us had coffee breath, but it was still nice.

Chapter Twenty-Eight


I reclined in my recliner and watched the news. That lasted for about five minutes. I couldn’t relax. I gave up and took a shower. How was I going to tell Cody that I was dating Rick? Would they stop being partners? Possibly not. No one usually goes into a relationship planning on breaking up. I shouldn’t say that. I went out with a guy for a month once and didn’t know his last name.
It was after I moved home from college so I was living at home. My mother asked what my latest’s last name was and I told her I didn’t know because I wasn’t planning on marrying him. I should tell Rick that story so he’ll know how fickle I am. Of course that was many moons ago.
I should be feeling on top of the world. The man I love told me he loved me. I was so tensed I felt like running a marathon. I felt like running a marathon not actually participating. I don’t run. I like walking but nothing is worth that much effort unless it’s for chocolate. Or a great sale. Or a margarita.
I gave up and went to the office to type up my report. I typed the report. It was eight thirty. Wonderful. Now what was I going to do. I propped my feet up and waited for Cheri. I watched the news on the TV in her office. She has a nicer TV than I do. It actually has a remote so I don’t have to get up to change the channels. I called Sandy and told her I wouldn’t be able to pick up her list this morning, but I would pick it up later on this evening or tomorrow. I decided I would call her even if I didn’t need it to let her know what was happening with the case.
Said owner of TV came into the office about nine. She looked at me funny and then laughed. “Well Chloe, I see you got all dressed up for the office?”
I kept my feet on her desk and drank my coffee I had made because I had nothing better to do. “Anything for you, baby.” I winked. I had on tennis shoes, a brown, long sleeve T-shirt that I’ve had since high school that said ‘live, laugh, and love,’ and jeans. My jeans were old and raggedy with a torn pocket in the back. She couldn’t see the pocket but they also had a huge ink stain on the front pocket, so she knew my work jeans.
“Why are you here so early?”she asked putting down some files.
“I’m always here early when I have a report to write.” I took out my cell phone and found the photo of the painting. “Hey, look at this.”
“What is it?” she asked, taking the phone and rolling her eyes. “Oh my God! Is that the painting?”
“Yep,” I grinned. “Our favorite nun had it. I saw her yesterday so she could actually talk to me without pantomiming.”
“It’s so beautiful. Where was it?”
“Under her bed. Can you believe it? She had it the whole time. I think people getting killed and shot at made Sister Lacy Undies loosen up and tell me.”
Cheri shook her head and said softly, “Under her bed the whole time. I can’t believe it.” She looked up at me and grinned. “Chloe, I’m sorry I doubted you. I didn’t think you’d get anything out of Sister Bonita.” She ignored the lacy undies part and shook her head in wonderment. “I should’ve known better.”
“Yeah, well, truth is I’m a little surprised too. And I’m going to Old Shloe Farm in a while to find whatever is buried out there. Look at the sun bean. I think it’s showing the way to…well…whatever it is that’s hidden.”
She looked at the photo then at me and then back at the photo. Her mouth dropped open and she said, “I think you’re right. Could it be? Oh, Chloe, I hope you’re right.” She made a face and added, “Oh, crap, I can’t go with you. I have back-to-back meetings today.”
“I hope I’m right too otherwise it’ll be a wasted trip. Rick and Cody are meeting me out there later on this morning so they’ll help. I really don’t want to hear Cody’s snide remarks for the rest of my life if I’m wrong,” I said, rolling my eyes and standing up so she could get to her desk.
She looked at me hard and said, “Something’s wrong. Are you alright? You seem happy.”
“Of course I’m happy. The case from hell is finally coming to a close. Who wouldn’t be happy? I mean the gun toting, mean spirited, cowardly, spine dwindling, ball-less, testosterones missing idiot will finally have nothing better to do.”
She looked at me hard, assessing my appearance, nodded and said, “That’s it. I know what it is. You said, ‘Rick and Cody,’ not Cody and Rick.” She slowly grinned.
“Oh, please.” I shrugged, taking my phone back and sticking it into my front pocket. “So I slipped up and said Rick’s name first. Big deal. Quit trying to read something into nothin’.”
“But you were at his house last night,” she said grinning. “Where did you sleep?”
“Yes. I went to his house. Cody was at a family shindig with Morgan’s family and you were out making nice with Brent’s family. I was excited about finding the painting so I called him and he invited me over.” I shook my head and took a deep breath before continuing, “Jeeze Louise, his two brothers, their wives and kids were also there. And no, I didn’t know they were there before I got there because Rick didn’t tell me he had company. So no, I didn’t go there to meet the family.” I paused and then added, “Oh, and FYI, I slept in my apartment.”
Cheri and I smiled at each other for a while. Her’s was comprehending. Mine was tight lipped. She then said, “Last night you told me Rick and his brother Brandon checked out the parking lot and you called Dick Weed about the license plate. So let me restate the question. Did you sleep alone last night in your apartment?” She had her hands crossed in front of her with her head cocked, looking very cocky. She does it very well. It must be genetic because I was doing it as well.
 “This sounds like an interrogation and I have things to do.” I walked to the door stopped and turned around. She was grinning with a knowing look, so I said, “Johnny is leaving today for Afghanistan. I didn’t ask how long he’ll be gone because he was on the floor dazed when Rick hit him.” I laughed and continued, “And he really didn’t like it when I made him watch me kiss Rick this morning.”
“I knew it,” she laughed. “You are such a hypocrite. It’s alright for you to have sex but not anyone else.”
“I’m not a hypocrite. Just jealous. No, I’m a liar. I don’t want to have sex with anyone ya’ll are sleeping with. I gotta go.” I winked and walked out. I heard her say something like, “Get back here,” but I ignored it.
I didn’t have time to go into the different aspects of sex and making love. She’d probably want to draw pictures and that’s just not right. Mostly because she can’t draw that well and I get confused.

####

I drove to the nearest convenient store for gas, bottled water, and chips. I thought I might get hungry. I stopped off at my apartment grabbed a small cooler and then booked it to my parents house to borrow my father’s shovel.
Please, let no one be home. No one was listening because my mother was home. I guess God had more important things to worry about than whether my mother gave me the third degree on my shovel borrowing.
I knocked on the door because she always keeps it locked during the day. Not a bad idea, I just didn’t want to dig for my key in my purse.
“Hey, Chloe, what a nice surprise,” my mother said, giving me a big hug. I know. I’m a horrible daughter. And yes, I do love my parents. I would do anything for them. Except marry the second man that asked me. That happened three years ago. He joined the priesthood. Long story.
“Mama, do you think Daddy would mind if I borrowed his shovel and maybe a pair of gloves?” I asked, walking toward the back door.
“Why do you need a shovel?” She knows my idea of weeding is spraying with Roundup. I also live in an apartment, so there isn’t a lot of lawn work for me to do.
“I met a man that wouldn’t take no for an answer so I need to get rid of his body,” I said, grinning.
“You need to take him fishing. No, deep sea fishing instead, it’s easier if you say he was drunk and he fell,” she said smiling.
“Yeah, that’s what I said. I told…some friends the same thing last night.” I narrowed my eyes and added, “That’s so scary.”
She laughed and asked, “Why do you really need the shovel. I don’t care if you take it, I’m just curious.”
I brought out my phone to show her the photo and said, “This is a picture of the painting. I finally tracked it down to the mother of my client and I think something is hidden at the Old Shloe Farm. I need the shovel to dig it up.” I didn’t want to go into too much detail about it being at the nunnery. She would have gotten mad at me for disturbing a nun. It didn’t matter the nun didn’t tell me the whole truth in the beginning. But she wouldn’t have known that either. There was no way on God’s green earth; I was ever going to tell her about that little expedition. She still takes up for Sister Angelina and her knuckle bashing.
“Alone? Won’t you need help?” Being a woman my mother thinks I don’t know how to use a shovel. I do, kind of, but that’s beside the point.
“No, I will not be alone. Cody and Rick will be meeting me out there this morning to help me. I might just lean against my shovel and let them dig. I’ll just make it look like I’m busy.” Note that I said Cody’s name first.
“You’re very good at that,” she said with a tight mouth.
“Yes. Yes I am,” I said, walking out the back door to the shed holding garden supplies, the lawn mower and other yard sprucing stuff.

Chapter Twenty-Nine


It was nine forty-five by the time I left my parents’ house. I was ready to get to work. I had water, shovel, gloves and chips. What more did I need? A clue to where to dig would have been nice. But beyond that I was ready.
The ride out there was nice and the weather was holding. It was supposed to be about fifty degrees that day. A little cool, but since I was about to do heavy physical labor cool weather was a must.
I drove up to the barn and got out to look around. I still thought it must be in the barn but after drinking four cups of coffee I really had to tinkle. I should have thought of that when I passed the convenient store at the Shloe exit. Hindsight is twenty-twenty, but right then I would have been satisfied with twenty-forty. Not perfect but good enough to remember to tinkle when I had the chance.
Okay, off to the woods beside the barn. Thank goodness it’s not on an incline or I would have had to grab onto a tree to keep from falling. On the other hand, inclines keep your feet from getting wet.
I don’t know what all these trees are. I only recognize pecan, oak, pine, hackberry and a few others. Nope. Not a whole lot of those around except for pine. There are pine trees everywhere and some other kind of evergreen. But then again this is winter, the trees don’t have leaves so it’s harder to identify them. I really need to learn the trees of my native land. Okay, maybe not. I’ve gone this long without recognizing trees, what difference would it make if I went a little longer? As long as I didn’t grab onto poison ivy I’d be in good shape. I’m allergic to poison ivy, so I usually don’t touch any sort of ivy in the woods. You know, just in case one might be poisonous. I know ‘leaves of three leave it be,’ but I don’t take that much time to count. There was a slight breeze so when it blew the moving leaves in the trees made a slight whispery sound. It sounded very peaceful. So of course it made me a little nervous.
I walked around the barn several times and even out in the surrounding woods, but I still didn’t see where something could be hidden. I walked in the barn several times stomping on the ground and pushing on walls and poles. I need to get in the Tomb Raider state of mind. Okay. That got me nowhere but having to pee again.
While I was in the woods I saw a several grave stones. I didn’t recognize any of the names but why would I? They weren’t my relatives. There were Foyts, Metoyers, and Dobards. On the outside of the group closest to the trees was one with the name N. LaName. How odd was that? I guess they didn’t know the person that died. Maybe he or she was found on their land. It was nice of them to go through the effort of burying whoever it was. It was kind of funny the way someone added La to Name. It looked nicer than just putting No Name.
I was walking out from the woods zipping my pants when my cell phone rang. Rick was checking up on me.
“Hey, Chloe, where are you?” Cody must be driving and he didn’t want to chitchat.
“I’m trying to get in a Tomb Raider state of mind. Where are you?”
“We’re running late. We’re leaving now.”
“That’s okay,” I said. I thought I heard a noise from behind, I turned my head to look and saw someone holding my shovel high above… “NOO!”

####

I woke up looking at the back of the barn. I couldn’t move. My hands were tied to a center pole and my legs were duct-taped together. I jerked around trying to get loose but all that did was make my wrists hurt and my head throb.
Someone walked up beside me and growled, “’Bout damn time you woke up.”
I stared at him, scared out of mind. My heart was pounding out of my chest. I could hear it beat in my ears. I couldn’t breathe; I was taking short breaths and was getting dizzy and I really wanted to throw up. I concentrated on taking deep breaths through my nose but forgot to exhale from my mouth but that was okay, I was feeling a little better now. Yeah. Like being tied up with a goofy looking man standing over me was better.
The goofy man was short, had a round face with his hairline starting in the middle of his head. That wouldn’t have been so bad, but his hair was thin and cut straight to the collar. When I say style, I mean no style. His hair had absolutely no style. His nose was too small and he was about forty pounds overweight. I had never seen this man in my life. Was he the one stalking me? I’m the stalker. I do not like being the stalkee. I do know this was the man who hit me with my shovel. My shovel. Why did I put my shovel down? Oh yeah, I dropped it on the ground when I went in the trees to pee. It seems like a dumb thing to do now, but at the time I was alone so it didn’t make any difference where I dropped the shovel.
I didn’t answer him. What was I supposed to say? Yeah, thanks for letting me take a nap? Oh by the way, I’m not into S and M.
“Where is it?” he asked pacing back and forth in front of me. I wish he would stop. I’m not fully awake yet and he’s making me nauseous. Well…more nauseous.
“Where’s what?” I said acting like I had no idea what he was talking about. Was he talking about the painting or the...whatever was hidden?
“The picture, bitch. Where’s the picture?” Did he just call me bitch? He said ‘picture’ so he must not know about the whatever.
“I don’t know where it is. If I knew where it was would I have been walking round and round the barn, you moron? Ow.” He slapped me. Clearly, he doesn’t like to be called moron.
“You have an idear, don’t you, Chloe?”
“Wait. We need introductions here. You know my name but I don’t know yours.”
He slapped me again and said, “Don’t you know who I am? You don’t think I look like my daddy?”
“Stop slapping me so I can look at you!” I said, grinding my teeth. It hurt but I wasn’t going to cry. I stared up at him and shook my head, “No. I don’t recognize you. Who’s your daddy?” Did I know who his daddy was? Did he know who his daddy was? Was he a client at one time and his mother took him for everything including Jr.? Jr. was a bit old for me to have worked for his mother unless he still lives with his mother. Daddy should rejoice.
“You got my daddy convicted, bitch.” He slapped me on the other side this time. Good, equal pain. I hate it when only one side of my face is slapped. I spit, no blood. Yet. He was slapping with an open hand so it could have been worse. Not much, but some.
“Okay. Hold on. If you get to call me bitch, I get to call you something. Let’s see, I could call you, moron, shit for brains, asshole, inbred, dickless, dick breath…” Another slap.
“Alright, you don’t like dick breath. I can work with that. What if I just called you ass-hole and you call me bitch? Does that work?” Slap. I guess not. I was not going to cry. He was not going to bring me to tears. But dang! The bitch slap he gave me stung like a son of a bitch. I don’t know what that exactly means but it went with the moment.
“No you cain’t. My name is Frank Boudreaux Jr. Do you remember Frank Sr., bitch?”
Ah yes, Frank Boudreaux Sr. His father raped me. “I see the nut doesn’t fall far from the tree, Little Frank.” Probably shouldn’t have said that.
“Don’t call me Little Frank.” Another slap. This time I think I’m bleeding near my right eye. I can feel something warm running down my cheek. I noticed he didn’t say anything about being called a nut. He’s probably use to being called a nut.
“Well, let’s be frank, Frank. Your father raped me and you have me tied up. You are just like your father, asshole.” Another slap. I really have to stop pissing him off, I’m getting dizzy again.
“I’ll finish what my daddy started. I’ll have you. All of you, after you tell me where the picture is,” he snarled.
“Well, I have to be frank, Frank. That’s no way to entice me to tell you where the painting is.”
“Stop saying Frank, Frank.” Slap. He really doesn’t like that.
I kept my head hung to the side for a minute or two, then raised it and said, “That is your name, Frank. Surely, you know that. But I guess you don’t want to be called Shirley either.” I tried laughing. But it sounded like a cough when he slapped me.
He took his knife out of a sheaf on his belt. I really didn’t notice that knife. I should have been paying more attention. I’m so silly; I don’t know where my head is. Oh, I know, I was trying to keep it on my shoulders.
He grabbed my T-shirt by the collar and using the tip of his very sharp knife cut down to the bottom hem of my shirt. He didn’t cut my bra so I was still covered. Crap, he cut my bra. I closed my eyes so I wouldn’t have to look into his eyes. My breaths were shallow and almost nonexistent. Not only was I terrified and I was sweating, but he had the worse halitosis I have ever had the misfortune to come across. His breath alone made me want to pass out.
He moved my cut shirt and bra aside with his knife point and grunted, “Damn. I’m a boob man and you don’t have much to offer.”
“Sorry to disappoint you. But I’m told I have a nice butt,” I said trying to keep my voice from shaking. It came out shaky and whispery. Dang!
“Good, you’re scared.” He laughed. “Now tell me where the picture is.”
“I told you, I don’t know,” I said it slow so he could understand me. He backed off, now I can breathe without the fear of throwing up. Unfortunately, he slapped me again. I’m bleeding from the other side now. I must be the picture of health. Time. I need to stall for time.
“Don’t take that tone with me!” He slapped me several times across my mouth and cheeks.
“Stop, stop. You have to give me a break between slaps, asshole, or I’m gonna pass out.” I spit on the floor and yep, my mouth was bleeding. But he did quit hitting me. I could barely talk. I don’t know how he heard me, it was very whispery.
He’s gonna kill me, I know he’s gonna kill me. I have to keep him talking or busy without raping me or using his knife until Rick and Cody get here. Please, please let them be on their way. God? Are you listening? My mother being home wasn’t a big deal and I’m sorry for praying that she wasn’t. But you know death and rape is sort of a big deal…especially when it’s happening to me. No. I shouldn’t say that. It’s a big deal when it’s happening to anyone.
I had no idea what time it is. I could have been out for an hour or it could have been five minutes. I was hoping I was wasting enough time for my heroes to get there.
“You know this could go a lot faster if you’d just tell me what I wanna know,” he said pacing around again. His pacing was agitated and he was starting to sweat profusely. Not a good sign. I know why I was I sweating profusely but it scared the hell out of me that he was as well. Was he going to cut and run? Was I going to be the one being cut?
 “I can’t tell you what I don’t know.” I tried laughing. “Even though the reward for telling you is so persuasive. Maybe I should just lie.” Yeah, that got me another slap.
He stopped and placed his big-ass knife near my throat and looked out through the barn door. There was a lot of light coming in, come to think of it, he must have thrown both doors open.
“Stop where you’re at!” he yelled. I have no idea who he was talking to. I knew I wasn’t going anywhere; I was sort of tied up.
“I’ve stopped. Come talk to me. Let her go.” Oh, my God! That was Cody. I leaned over as much as I could so I could see Cody. That didn’t help much; I could only lean over about four inches.
I must have looked like an idiot trying to twist around so I could see Cody. I couldn’t see him. I’m not an owl. So I scooted my rear end around to the side slowly so I could see him. My friend Frank didn’t like that.
“Stop moving, bitch.” He slapped me again and I heard Cody grunt. He must have been closer than I thought.
“No. I want to see who’s walking up, asshole.” Frank brought up his hand to slap me. “Don’t slap me. You called me bitch remember? You call me bitch; I get to call you asshole.” I tried glaring but with two swollen eyes that’s easier said than done.
I kept scooting and Frank didn’t stop me. He was watching Cody and said, “Don’t come any closer. Lift your jacket and empty your pockets. I want to make sure you don’t have anything on you.” He paused and then added, “I’m gonna cut her ifin’ you do something stupid.”
“Okay, okay, I have nothing. I have nothing but my cell phone” He reached into his shirt pocket and lifted his phone out and then put it back.
Frank placed the point of the knife on my throat and then said to Cody, “Turn around! Now!” Frank was sounding stressed.
“Okay, okay, I’m turning around.” Cody sounded very calm.
I wasn’t feeling calm with a knife at my throat. “You know, Frank, as much as I would like you to carve your initials in my throat, I don’t like to bleed unnecessarily.” Thank you, Jesus. He moved the knife.
I looked at Cody and tried smiling. Cody tried smiling back. “Are you okay, Chloe?”
“Yeah. I’m just peachy.”
“How do you like your sister now, dumb-ass?” Frank snarled.
Cody didn’t say anything. He’s a better man than I am because I had to say something. What was he going to do, hit me again?
“Oh, tell me you didn’t just call him dumb-ass. That gives him a reason to call you a name,” I laughed. “Hey Cody, try shit for brains or…”
He slapped me twice and was bringing his hand up again when I yelled, “Stop! Just stop. You know you have to give me a break between slaps or I’m gonna pass out.” I spit blood out of my mouth and closed my eyes but he had stopped slapping me. It took me a few minutes to raise my head and to realize he wasn’t going to hit me again.
“Who are you and what do you want?” Cody asked through gritted teeth.
“I want the picture,” Frank said swinging his knife around toward my chest. My shirt being cut open for all to see was humiliating but I wasn’t going to let Frank know that. Well, mostly open for all to see. I was thankfully partly covered.
“Hey, Cody, meet Frank Boudreaux Jr. He’s informed me after I tell him where the painting is he’s gonna rape me.” I laughed, “You can see how I jumped at the opportunity.”
They stared at each other. Cody was clenching his fists and Frank was looking at him wide-eyed and turning a little pale.
“Frank, does this mean you aren’t gonna rape me?” I said sounding disappointed. “Oh, darn.” I looked at him hard and with narrowed eyes, which was easy because they were swollen and I couldn’t open them very wide in the first place. “I mean, seriously. The thought of you touching me was making me queasy.” Slap. Okay, maybe I deserved that one. On second thought, no, I didn’t.
“I’m gonna beat the shit out of you when I get untied. I’m gonna kick your gonads up between your eyes so you can watch yourself pee!” I said spitting blood.
“Shut up, bitch!” I think he was getting nervous. His voice was a little shaky. I’m not sure I liked a nervous Frank. What was he going to do with that knife?
“You know, Chloe is pretty beat up, Frank. Why don’t you take me instead?” Cody was trying to negotiate. He’s not a negotiator. He’s more of a beat the pulp out of you first and then talk kind of guy.
“Do you know where the picture is?” Jr. asked with narrowed eyes.
“No. But obviously Chloe doesn’t either or she would’ve told you by now.” With the promise of rape? I don’t think so, bro.
Everyone was quiet for a minute thinking about that. I didn’t want to trade places with Cody. But I also knew that if he could get closer to Frank he could take him down without much effort. Rick must be there somewhere. Cody is bidding his time drawing Frank out.
“No. I don’t want you gittin’ any closer.” Obviously, Frank isn’t as stupid as he looks.
“You really don’t want to come closer, Cody. His breath is enough to knock over a hippo.” I just can’t help myself. I’ll blame it on brain damage. I was shot and got a concussion, I was hit with a shovel and now I’ve been hit about a hundred times across the face. This can’t be good for my cognizance.
“Why can’t you just shut up?” Frank asked me.
“Because as long as your hitting me you aren’t using your knife on me, asshole!” I thought I was going to get slapped several times. But all he did was stare at me. Cody was looking at me like, ‘huh?’
“Are you hurt anywhere else, Chloe, or just brain damage?” Yeah, he’s my brother and he loves me. He was trying to distract Frank by making him think I had something wrong with me. Nope. He’s my brother he’s telling me, ‘You must really have brain damage to say something so asinine.’
“No, just brain damage. Surely, just by looking at me you don’t think I have anything else wrong with me.” I looked at Frank apologetically and added, “Oh, my bad, I didn’t mean to call you Shirley, Frank.”
Frank brought his hand up to hit me and I said, “Uh-uh. Don’t do that. You’ve hit me so many times a few of my teeth are getting loose and I don’t have dental insurance.” I’ll be. He didn’t hit me.
Frank opened his mouth to say something and I butted in, “You know, Frank, I’ve been sitting here so long that I’ve come to notice something.” Frank looked at me interested. “I think I know where the painting is. You see how the sun is shining in from the door?”
Frank looked at the door trying to see what I was talking about. Cody slightly nodded. I was right. Rick is out there somewhere but he couldn’t get a target on Frank from where he was. Frank was too far inside the barn in the shadows. I had to get him closer to the door. I didn’t know what kind of weapon Rick had but it had to be better than my .22.
“Help me up and we’ll walk to where the sun is coming in. I think whoever hid it had to hide it close to the door where more light comes in because if you notice, this place has no electricity.” The BS I was giving him was only ankle deep. I was hoping to make it knee deep. I was just hoping Frank was freaking out enough not to pay that much attention to the BS factor. I couldn’t think of anything else and I was getting really tired of getting slapped. By this point it was getting very difficult to hold my head up.
Frank glanced at Cody’s shirt with RPSD embroidered on his chest and then looked at the door again and asked, “Where’s your partner? Don’t ya’ll work with partners?” He was nervous about going to the open door. I would be, too, in his shoes. But I wasn’t in his shoes. I wanted his shoes to be pointing toward the sky or the barn ceiling; it didn’t matter to me which one.
“He didn’t come with me,” he said looking straight at Frank and not at me. I knew he was lying. I had been talking to Rick when I was hit with the shovel. “I took the rest of the day off to help Chloe and her wild goose chase.”
Frank took a couple of steps closer to the door, stopped and looked hard at the surrounding trees. Unfortunately, he was still in the shadows.
“Come on, Frank,” I said trying to talk him into moving closer to the door by speaking softly and calmly. Where I dredged up calm is beyond me. “Cut my legs loose and we’ll walk over to the door to take a good look around. Come on, we’ll go together.”
“Where’d we start looking?” he asked, glancing at me and then back at Cody. “You have an idear, do you?”
“Well…not really.” Give me points for being honest. “But if we look around maybe we can see something different on the ground.” I shrugged my shoulders. Not easy since they were tied behind my back. “It won’t hurt to look around. You know, maybe stomp the ground listening for something hollow.” Please, please get closer to the door.
“I don’t know,” Frank said narrowing his eyes at Cody. “His partner could be out there somewhere.”
“Why would I lie to you, Frank? You have my sister. I wouldn’t risk her life by lying to you.” He shook his head looking like he really meant it. Well jeeze, he is risking my life because Rick is out there somewhere ready to take him down.
“You can think about the pros and cons as long as you want, Frank,” I said, trying to hurry him up with a decision. “But I have to go to the bathroom.”
Frank looked at me like I had a third eye. Okay, Cyclops I may be but something had to make him go near the door. Yeah, I know Frank wouldn’t let Cody take me to a nice private area to do my business. Or as my cousin, Ryan says, pop-a-squat in the woods. But I didn’t care; I just had to get him near the door. Cody was looking at me like, ‘that might just work.’
“Don’t even think about getting close enough for a peek, junior.,” I said narrowing my eyes.
“No. That won’t work,” Frank said shaking his head. “I have to keep you near me.”
“Fine. But if I pee my pants it’ll be all your fault.” It was worth a try. I really didn’t think he would go for it. But just think how stupid I’d feel if I did pee my pants and he said, ‘You should have told me you had to go to the bathroom.’
“You know, Frank, it is a good idea to search for the painting,” Cody said without changing his expression. I noticed he didn’t say anything about searching near the door. Why push our luck. What luck? I’m still duct-taped to a pole.
Frank walked to my feet and cut my legs loose while jumping back and keeping an eye on Cody. I would have kicked him but my feet had been crossed when duct-taped so my top leg was asleep. He then walked behind me and cut my hands loose.
“Freedom! Sweet freedom,” I called to the world waving my arms around. They were sore but I had to get the circulation back into them somehow.
“Get up,” Frank grunted.
“I can’t. My butt’s asleep and it’s not nice to wake the sleeping.” I should have jumped up and ran but my butt really was asleep. “Hey, Cody, is this the tingly feeling you get when I have sex? You know, since we’re twins and all.”
“Yeah, tingly,” Cody said, looking at me like I was crazy. Probably because of the Cyclops thing I had going.
“I’m not telling you again.” Frank glared. “Get up.”
“Okay, listen, why don’t I get up now?” I said pushing myself to a standing position, groaning and moaning. I wasn’t only putting on a show for Frank, I was really sore.
Frank was behind me in a heartbeat holding his ever present knife to my neck. He’s persistent anyway. I was just as scared now as I was when Cody wasn’t with me. My heart rate had slowed down to a sluggish marathon runner’s pulse but now had picked up the pace. I’m sure his knife was pulsating alone with my heart beat. I was breathing shallow. I think I actually forgot how to breathe. We were about the same height so his mouth was next to my ear and unfortunately my nose.
“Walk slow and don’t do anything stupid,” he whispered in my ear.
“You really need a mint, Frank,” I said with a hoarse whisper.
We walked together which looked like a strange dance. We got tangled up few times until we figured out away to walk together while holding my shirt together. I’m lucky I didn’t get stabbed while tripping.
Cody walked over to us and Frank yelled, “Back off or I’ll cut her.” I flinched and he pushed the knife harder into my neck. The point of the knife going into my neck hurt and I felt blood oozing down my neck.
“Okay, okay, I’ll back off,” Cody said holding his arms up.
We danced over to the doors and I made him stop. “Wait. We have to stop. I’m gonna throw up.”
“What?” We stopped but he didn’t let go.
“You hit me with a shovel and slapped me around, you dope,” I said with my hand over my mouth. I wasn’t pretending, I really did have to puke.
I swayed toward him that took him off guard and made him stumble to the right. I leaned to the left turned my head and threw up. I heard a loud bang but kept going down with a heavy weight on top of me.
I’m shot. I can’t move. Why do I keep getting shot? There was a pressure in my ears and loud ringing. Everything started turning black. I think I’m dead.

Chapter Thirty


“No! No! No!” I woke up swinging my arms and kicking. Where am I? I know I’m saying something but I don’t know what I’m saying.
“Chloe! Chloe!” a man said holding my hands. “It’s okay. It’s all over. He’s down.”
Huh? What’s he saying? I have to get out of here. I’m still fighting him. Who is that?
“Chloe! It’s me, Cody. Wake up, Chloe.” I finally focused and saw Cody was kneeling down beside me with Rick holding my hands.
“Where is he? We have to get out of here. He’s…he’s,” I said breathing hard and yelling.
“Chloe, listen to me. He’s not gonna hurt you,” Rick said, making me look him in the eyes. “I shot him. He’s not dead but he’s not going anywhere.”
I calmed down by taking several deep breaths. I looked around and said, “Okay, okay. But wait, the treasure or whatever the painting was trying to tell us is here. I know it is.”
I was still being held down so I couldn’t move but I was able to look around. Standing to the side of me was Lt. Anders, Dick Weed, Rosy and a bunch of sheriff deputies I didn’t know. Oh great. I’ll never live this down. I not only get myself held hostage but knocked around. Maybe I’ll pay someone to beat up Dick Weed to shut him up. I don’t know how I’m gonna shut the others up. Wait a minute, Dick’s not laughing. He actually looks upset. Oh Jeeze. I’m in worse shape than I thought.
“Why are ya’ll here?” I asked my audience.
“Rick called to tell us you were here with the man that had been stalking you. We came,” Lt. Anders said with a sad smile. “These others are from the Shloe Parish Sheriff’s Dept.”
“Oh, alright.” What could I say to that? Of course Rick had called his boss and since it wasn’t his jurisdiction he had also called in the Calvary.
 “Okay, just help me up,” I said taking my hands away from Rick’s. My adrenaline was sky high and I had to take advantage of that.
“Wait, before you get up, I’m taking a picture of you.” He reached into his pocket for his cell phone. “The next time you want to go off on your own without waiting for backup I’m showing you this picture.”
“Fine. Take the picture,” I said. “But if I see it floating around YouTube I’m gonna be pissed.”
He smiled and took the photo and then took off his jacket for me to wear and helped me snap it. I had forgotten my shirt was sliced open and moving around would have had me flashing my audience. Luckily, he stopped me from moving around by whispering “Hold your shirt together.” Oh crap.
I was helped up and held a minute to make sure I didn’t fall down. I was dizzy but I wasn’t about to stop now. I would have crawled if I had to. I wasn’t shot and beat up for nothing. I was finishing this. But first…
“I need to do something.” I moved Rick’s arm from around my waist and swayed but caught my balance before I fell over.
I walked over to where Frank was being taken care of by two EMTs. He had been shot in his right shoulder, near his collar bone. I kicked Frank’s legs apart and looked at him to make sure he was awake. In fact, I asked him, “Hey, Little Frank, you awake?”
He didn’t answer; he just looked at me helplessly. Helpless, my Aunt Fannie. I straddled his left leg walking up to his thigh. I smiled and asked him, “Hey asshole, do you remember what I said to you earlier?” I brought my right leg back and kicked as hard as I could.
The grunts and groans in the barn were said simultaneously. I looked around and every one of them was holding his crotch. Frank’s eyes had rolled back and he had quit breathing.
I looked Frank in the eyes and asked, “Do you remember when I said, ‘when I was untied I was gonna kick your gonads between your eyes so you could watch yourself pee?’” I smiled and added, “Well, let me know what that looks like.”
“Ouch,” Lt. Anders moaned.
“Oops. She must have tripped,” Dick Weed, said smiling at me. Wow. Reed took up for me. Oh my God. I feel a chill. Hell just froze over.

####

“I need a shovel,” I said, walking toward the barn door. “I think I know where whatever is hidden...is hidden.”
“You can’t use the shovel you were hit with because of evidence,” Lt. Anders said.
I turned around to look at Rick and Cody and asked, “Did either of you bring a shovel like I asked? Or did you blow me off.” I wouldn’t have been surprised if neither one of them brought a shovel. They were probably humoring me by agreeing with me about something being hidden here.
“Yeah, I brought a shovel,” Cody smiled. “That’s where we were when Rick called you. My house.”
“Oh…well…okay then, let’s get started.” That surprised me. I really didn’t think he would have brought a shovel. I thought he would have laughed at me and told me he would watch while I dug. And Rick, not wanting to look like a wuss in front of his partner would have literally sat back and watched as well.
“Alright,” Cody said, walking toward the door with his arm through my arm so I was leaning against him. “But first show me where we’re digging.”
I looked at him, smiled and walked with him out of the barn. The sun was still bright so it must have been early yet. In fact it was only one. We had plenty of time for digging.
“What are you digging for?” Sgt. LaCour from the Shloe Sheriff’s dept. asked.
“Buried treasure,” I answered.
“Oh…yeah of course, I should have thought of that.” He rolled his eyes and then turned toward another deputy and told him to get the camera from his car.
We all walked to the small graveyard and stood looking around. I had Cody on one side of me and Rick on the other side of me like they were guarding me. They were actually ready to grab me in case I fell flat on my face. I was hoping I wouldn’t metaphorically fall on my face if I was wrong. I was pretty sure I wasn’t. But I have been wrong before.
I pointed to the grave marker that had the name N. LaName. Every one stared and shook their head. A couple of the deputies looked at me and smiled like I was a lunatic. You know, like maybe I was hit one time too many.
“You’re kidding. You think it’s hidden in a grave under the name N. LaName?” Rosy asked. “You know I love you Chloe, but…really?”
“You haven’t seen my picture of the painting have you Rosy?” I pulled out my phone in my pocket and showed the photo around. “What do you think?”
“Well…f…uh, sorry, Chloe,” Rosy laughed. “You could be right. Look at the way the sun beam is shining on the barn. But it’s on the barn and not the trees.”
“I’ve heard the word before Rosy and it’s sort of shining on the side of the barn.” I shrugged. “It’s close enough, I’d say.”
“Yeah, she could be right,” Lt. Anders said on a laugh.
“I’ll go get the shovel,” Cody said turning toward the cars. “Ya’ll hang tight.”
I was tired and dizzy and was sort of weaving when Rick put his arms around my waist from behind so I could lean back on him. Closing my eyes made me more dizzy so I left them open but doing so I noticed a few looks from the men around me. Not just glances but stares from Lt. Anders, Dick Weed and Rosy. Neither Rick nor I said anything but stood there waiting for Cody to come back with the shovel. I felt Rick’s shoulders shrug and the others turned their heads.
I heard Cody coming up from behind so I pushed away from Rick. I looked at Cody, who was looking from me to Rick, I smiled and said, “Weebles wobble but they don’t fall down.”
“But you always fell anyway,” he said, looking at Rick.
“Because you threw me on the ground,” I said, raising my voice. “You would say, “Weebles wobble but they don’t fall down. But you do.’ And then you would proceed to throw me on the ground.”
“Yeah, it’s a wonder I have children, the amount of times you kneed me,” he laughed.
“I might have been taller than you until we were ten but you were always bigger around than me.” I grinned. “It was the only way I could beat you.”
“Until I learned how to avoid those knees.” He grinned back.
“Talking about old times is fun. But don’t we have something else we could be doing?” Asked Sgt. LaCour with his arms crossed.
“Yeah. We do,” Lt. Anders answered.
Cody put on his gloves and started digging. The temperature was only in the fifties so it didn’t take long for him to work up a good sweat. He dug a few feet all along the grave and then Rick took over. He was sweating and then the other men including the sheriff deputies took turns digging.
I sat under a tree watching. Did I feel bad watching them work? Nope. Not in the least. I was the one that got the crap beat out of. Patience is not my strong suit, so I really wanted them to find something soon. But while I was waiting, I leaned back and enjoyed the view of men sweating and working hard. Not that it was a shoddy view. I liked watching men work while I watched. The men made a few jokes about me watching and not helping but I ignored it and gave them a grin and flipped them off.
An ambulance arrived while I was watching and insisted I go with them to the hospital. But there was no way I was leaving until I was satisfied that either something was there or this was a waste of time. Either way the EMTs were waiting with me.
Eventually one of the sheriff deputies found something. “Hey, there’s something here.”
I ran over to where they were digging and all of us looked down. The deputy removed the dirt from the top of what looked like a casket. He jumped out of the grave and stood on the side.
“We aren’t gonna open it, are we?” Dick Weed asked.
“Yes, we are,” I said looking down at the casket.
“But what if there’s a body in there?” Sgt. LaCour asked.
Everyone looked at everyone else. No one really wanted to open the casket. I couldn’t believe it.
“Even if there is a body,” I said, “it’s been in there so long it won’t be anything left but bones. It won’t be gross.” Man, I hope it wasn’t gross.
“But Chloe, it’s a grave,” Cody started to say.
“Oh please! Give me that.” I grabbed the shovel from the grave digger and jumped inside. It was a longer jump than I anticipated. My knees gave out and I landed on my rear end with a thud. I’ve done worse, at least my jacket stayed snapped.
There were a bunch of “Are you okays,” so I gave a generic, “Yeah fine,” without looking up. I dug around the casket to make a groove so I could get the shovel’s blade beneath the lid. But I realized I couldn’t lift the lid while standing on it. I swept more dirt away and noticed the head of the casket opened separately from the rest.
 I stuck the edge of the shovel’s blade underneath the lid and it moved. I looked at the photographer and said, “Got your camera ready?”
The wood was old and dry so it groaned and creaked but it finally lifted. Nothing. Nothing was there. “What the hell?” I yelled.
I jumped inside and pulled on the other half of the lid. It wouldn’t move. I started hitting it and yelling at it to open. I heard my name being called and Cody said, “Chloe, let me open it. Get out.”
I climbed on top of the casket and Rick helped me out of the grave. Cody jumped in and used the shovel to lift the lid. It came open all at once and knocked him back.

####

There sitting in the middle of the casket was a trunk. I couldn’t believe it. I was right. There was something buried. I was so shocked I couldn’t stand up. I went down to my knees looking down at it. Cody looked up at me grinning broadly and shaking his head in disbelief. There was talk all around me but I wasn’t listening. There were pats on my shoulders with congratulations.
I sat down and jumped in the casket this time. I wasn’t going to let anyone else do this. This was all mine.
“Wait,” Sgt. LaCour said. “You can’t open it yet. You should bring it to the Sheriff’s Department. before opening it.”
I looked up at him with my mouth open and surprised. I could only shake my head. I wasn’t waiting any longer than I had to before seeing what was inside that trunk.
“Dude!” I said wide eyed. “I’ve been almost blown up by an exploding propane tank. I’ve been shot in the head, well, grazed. I’ve been stalked and I’ve been beat up! Do you really think I’m waiting to open this trunk?! I’m a citizen! What are you gonna do arrest me?!”
He looked at Lt. Anders shrugged his shoulders and said, “Get ready to take more photos. This could be interesting.”
I lifted the trunk lid. On top was a dress. It might have been white at one time but was now brownish yellow. My hands were dirty but I didn’t care. I handed the dress to Cody who was still standing beside me. Under the dress was more folded clothes, photos taken in what looked like the 1800’s and another wooden box. I lifted the box out. I was amazed. Inside were trinkets, small pieces of ivory carved dogs, kittens and angels. There were pieces of jewelry and gems. Diamonds, rubies, emeralds and opals made into brooches, necklaces and earrings. It looked very expensive, but what did I know? The jewelry was antique expensive, but not expensive in the way of high priced jewelry. Nothing that was worth killing for. There wasn’t anything here that would set anyone up for life. On the bottom of the box was paper folded in fourths. I carefully opened it so it wouldn’t tear. Pieces of it tore but I could still see what it was. A letter written in old script, I didn’t open it all the way, I didn’t want to tear it more than it was. It was probably an old love letter. The trunk was most probably hidden from the northern aggression in the area. Hidden so it could be found later.
I sat down in the casket holding the box, looking at the small pieces of jewelry and trinkets. Cody got out of the big hole and sat with his feet swinging down. I looked up at all the expectant faces. I don’t know what they thought I was going to say. I didn’t have anything to say. I found what I had been searching for. I found it and was completely astounded. Not disappointed just…
I started to laugh. I was hysterically laughing. I looked up at Rick and Cody was looking at me like they didn’t know whether they should laugh with me. “Everything Frank did was for trinkets. He killed one man and wounded another for trinkets and photos. This is fool’s gold.”
The men around me shook their heads. They were looking at me like I had gone out of my mind. I did go out of my mind. And maybe I had. I looked down at the box in my hands and started crying. I started shaking and crying so hard I couldn’t lift my head. This could not be happening. There had to be more than this. But it wasn’t. Just jewelry, clothes, photos and trinkets. Incredible.
I heard my name being called, “Chloe. Chloe lift up your arms, honey.” I didn’t look up I just lifted up my arms and hands on each side lifted me out of the hole.
When my feet landed on solid ground I kept my eyes closed, I was turned toward someone and I leaned my head on his chest. He put his arms around me and I knew it was Rick. I became weak in my knees. He helped me down to the ground and sat me on his lap with his arms around me. I cried and said over and over, “He hurt me, Ricky. He hurt me. Why did he hurt me and kill for this? It makes no sense...I was so scared…He hurt me, I thought he was gonna kill me. He wanted to rape me.” Rick was making soothing sounds. I heard him say, “honey,” and “baby” softly. His soothing sounds helped but I was still crying hard. “He killed a man and shot a man because of me.”
“No, Chloe, baby, this isn’t your fault. You did nothing to make him do this,” Rick said running his fingers through my tangled hair.
I swallowed, took a deep breath and said, “Why did he have to kill anyone. If all he wanted to do was beat and rape me then he should have. He didn’t have to kill anyone.” I was crying so hard everything was blurry; it was like looking through a rain-streaked window. I could feel Rick’s arms holding me tight and knew other people were around us but I couldn’t focus. My throat tightened up and it hurt to talk. That didn’t stop me I was still rambling.
“It’s okay, honey, it’s over,” Cody said.
“By the way, Cody, I’m dating your sister.”
Oh, great. I looked up at Rick and he was smiling at Cody. I looked at Cody and he didn’t have a full on smile, it was only a half a smile, and he said, “I kind of thought you were. During the whole drive here to Shloe you said, “I’m gonna kill that sonofabitch.’”
“Cody, I was gonna tell you. I...I just...I…oh never mind.” I said defeated. What difference did it make now? I couldn’t get the words out. My mind was a mess. I didn’t know what I was trying to say.
“Good idea. Later,” Cody mumbled.
I looked at Rick’s shirt and said, “Oh, no. I ruined your shirt. I got blood on you. I’m sorry.” There was blood on his shirt from where I laid my head on his chest crying.
“There’s blood on my jacket too, but I’m not worried about that either.” He smiled. “I can get a new jacket and I’m sure the blood will come out of my shirt. If not,” he shrugged, “I’ll get a new one.”
“Your jacket?” I was surprised to see blood smeared on the jacket I was wearing. “Am I shot?”
“No,” Cody answered, “that’s Frank’s blood.”
I didn’t know what to think. I was confused. “How did…?”
“Frank fell on you when Rick shot him,” Cody explained, “and while putting on the jacket blood smeared on it.”
“Oh,” I said thinking back, “I remember hearing a gun shot. But I thought I was shot.”
I remember thinking I was shot again and this time I’m dead. Oh, well, I told you sometimes I’m wrong about things.
The EMTs came up with a gurney and Cody said grimly, “Do you want to get off Rick’s lap so you can go to the hospital?”
I looked at Rick; he smiled and said, “That would probably be a good idea. Going to the hospital, I mean.”
“Yeah. You’re right. I’ll go to the hospital. I can cry there as well as here,” I said, holding my arms up so Cody could help me up. While I was so close to him I hugged him and added, “Thanks Cody. You saved my life.” I took a deep breath and added, “You all saved my life.” He hugged me tight and then let me go so I could get on the gurney. Actually, I looked at it and asked the woman EMT, “Wouldn’t it be easier for me to walk to the ambulance? This ground’s sort of rough.”
“I don’t think you can walk that far,” she said smiling. “Besides, if the going gets rough, I can say I have to hold my kit and have these big strong men carry the gurney back.”
“I think you’re right.” I grimaced. “But then I’ll have to hear how heavy I am for the next forever.”
“Come on, the gurney will make it,” she said helping me onto the gurney.
We made it to the ambulance with no real problems. She was a lot stronger than she looked. Rick and Cody said they had to stay to talk to the sheriff deputies and then would meet me at the hospital. This was becoming a very bad habit.

Chapter Thirty-One


I cleaned my face and changed out of my bloody clothes after being checked out by the doctor. I was going to stay overnight to make sure everything was fine since I had a slight concussion. This was my second concussion in four days. And the third time in the hospital in about a week. My insurance company will start getting suspicious. I may have to get the hospital to write a letter telling them I’m not doing this to myself. I hate to think how mental someone would be to beat themselves up. But one never knows does one?
I wasn’t given anything for pain because of the concussion thing, so I was chillin’ in the ER examining room waiting for a room watching TV when Cody came in. He smiled warmly gave me a big hug and asked, “What did the doctor say?”
“I’ll live.” I smiled. “Nothing’s broken.” I shook my head amazed. “I don’t know how junior did it. But he didn’t break my nose or any face bone. At least the doctor didn’t think so. I’m waiting on the x-ray.”
“Good. That’s great, I mean, that no bones are broken.” He hesitated. “So…did you call your parents?” Note, he said, ‘your parents.’ He really didn’t want to call them. That’s okay. I was ready for him.
“No, I didn’t. I thought you would call them since I’m in a weakened state and all.” I grinned. “Besides, you know Mama will have an ape shit when she finds out I’m in the hospital. Again.”
“Yeah, but you should call so she’ll know you’re okay. She might think I’m exaggerating and you’re worse off than what I’m telling her.”
“This is so sad,” I said, shaking my head. “Neither one of us wants to call.” We looked at each other and I caved. “Give me my damn phone,” I growled.He grinned and gave me my phone that was sitting on the small table near the bed. I explained to her about getting hit a few times but the bad guy is in police custody. On the bright side we found what I was looking for. She and Daddy were coming. Joy.
“So…Rick says ya’ll have been seeing each other for about a week.” He’s not smiling any more.
“Actually, I just admitted we were dating Sunday. Before that we were just sort of…I don’t know what we were doing.” I rolled my eyes. “He says we’ve been dating. But we didn’t actually go anywhere. He brought me Chinese takeout the evening of the explosion, and then pizza and we went from there.” I took a deep breath, leaned my head back on the pillow and said, “I don’t know how to explain it Cody.”
“He says he loves you.”
“Yeah. He told me that too.”
“And?”
I looked at him and smiled painfully since my face hurts and my mouth was cut up so my lips were swollen. “I love him too. I don’t have any idea why he loves me.” He looked at me with his mouth tight and eyes unblinking. “Don’t look at me like that. I know I’m a mess. Figuratively and physically.” I started crying. “Look at me. I’m battered. I’m moody, I’m sarcastic, I’m…what kind of man falls in love with me?”
“Evidently, a man like Rick,” he said with a shrug. “I told him the same thing and he said he already knew that.” He rolled his eyes and continued, “He…”
“Wait a minute,” I cut in, “you told him I was moody and sarcastic?”
“Yes, we talked about you,” he said looking at me like, ‘you idiot.’
The nurse walked in and said, “It’s only supposed to be relatives in here but there’s a man out in the waiting room that’s well…scaring the security guards.”
“Is he tall, dark wavy hair with a look that says he’ll take you down and still sleep well tonight, and is sexy as hell.” I grinned. Painfully, my face still hurt.
“Yes. He is,” she said fanning herself. “But he really is scaring the security guards. And the cops that are with him said that if he gets to come back here then they do to.” She laughed and added, “They said they have to stop the blood bath that’s bound to happen since you’re the sister of killer’s partner.”
I told her they could come in and thirty seconds later the curtain was pushed back and Rick, Lt. Anders, Rosy and Dick Weed came crashing in.
Rick smiled but it was Rosy who said, “Hey, beautiful.”
I rolled my eyes and said, “Define beauty.”
“A survivor,” Rosy laughed.
Rick took my hand and asked, “What did the doctor say?”
“Nothing’s broken. He hopes. We’re waiting on the x-ray. Slight concussion with an overnight stay.” I made a face. “You know, same ol’, same ol’.”
“Good. Not good you have a concussion but good nothing’s serious,” Lt. Anders said quickly, smiling.
No one said anything for a minute or two and then Cody said, “Okay. I have to know. Why didn’t either one of you tell me about this relationship.”
Rick looked at me with a tight mouth and shook his head. He opened his mouth to say something but I cut him off. “He wanted to, but I told him not to because I wanted to tell you.”
He looked at me with a surprised look and asked, “Were you afraid to talk to me? Since when are you afraid to tell me anything?”
I gave him a hard look with narrowed eyes and said, “I’m not afraid of you Cody. And don’t talk to me about not talking to you.”
“I’m not sure that was a sentence,” he said, shaking his head. “It must be the brain damage.”
“Yeah. Let’s blame it on brain damage,” I said, rolling my eyes. “Cody, do you remember who Morgan was dating when you met her?”
“Yeah.”
“Yeah. And for those of you out of the loop it was Johnny. My ex-fiancé. Johnny had that can’t keep his pants zipped disease. Morgan wasn’t his first. We had broken up before she started seeing Johnny. But she was the one going out with him when Cody came home from the Marines on leave and ran into him at the mall.” I looked down at my hands, Rick was still holding my right hand, and I started crying. I haven’t cried over Johnny in a very long time and I was sure I wasn’t crying over him now. I was very emotional. Go figure.
“Every time I saw her with you, I thought about Johnny. I wasn’t jealous. I was way over him. But I couldn’t help but think about him. The way he made me feel. The way he hurt me. Not physically. He’d never do that. But he did hurt me emotionally. He made me feel inferior.” I looked up at him still crying. “Did you ever once ask me how I felt about you going out with Morgan? It’s silly now, but I really thought I loved him. It crushed me when we broke up. Did I say anything to you? No. Because you fell for Morgan almost instantly and I was happy for you.” My head was hurting so bad it was throbbing. I felt sick but was not going to throw up. I laid my head back and let the room spin around me while taking deep breaths.
“I’m sorry, Chloe,” Cody said softly, holding my other hand. “I didn’t know. I knew you were hurt. That’s why I went after Morgan in the first place because of revenge. But then I fell in love and it didn’t cross my mind I might be hurting you.” He squeezed my hand and added, “I would never hurt you. Hurting you is like hurting me.” He smiled, “Morgan and my kids are number one in my life but you’re me and I’m you.” He laughed and continued, “It’s always been that way. When I was in the Marines, I would tell the guys about my twin sister.” He looked at Rick smiled. “Several wanted to marry her without even meeting her.” He looked down at me. “The closest they ever got to meeting you was your picture. There was no way those fools were going to meet you.” He shook his head and said softly, “I’m sorry. All I can say is that I apologize for…well, you know…everything.”
 “I know and it’s all good. And I got over all those feelings a long time ago. I think I fell for Morgan along with you.” I laughed through my tears.
No one said anything. Cody and I smiled and didn’t say anything. We didn’t have to.
“Okay, I guess we need to meet and have a discussion in my office with the two of you,” Lt. Anders said, looking from Rick to Cody.
“Actually, sir there’s no need,” Cody said. “We’re good with this. I really don’t wanna train a new partner.”
“We work well together,” Rick said nodding. “Maybe it’s because we were both in the military. We think alike.”Cody narrowed his eyes and grumbled, “Besides, if he hurts Chloe. I’ll kill ‘em.”
“What if she hurts me?” Rick asked, grinning.
“Then I’ll still kill you because you probably did something to make her hurt you,” Cody said with a tight grin.
Rick gave him a crooked grin and said, “Cody, you have met Chloe haven’t you?” What does that mean? I should throw up on both of them.
“Right. Right.” He looked at Rick apologetically and said, “I’d have to at least hurt you. She is my sister.”
“Fair enough.” They put their hands out and shook.
“Works for me. I didn’t want to have to do more paperwork,” Lt. Anders said with a grin.
I looked around the room at the smiling men like they’ve just shook hands on the agreement of a life time. Was there something else going on here I didn’t know about? I really didn’t think so. I’m pretty sure they just agreed to stay partners even though Rick and I are in a relationship but still…
“Is this how women felt in the eighteenth century?” I asked, narrowing my eyes. “You know, like women didn’t exist. A man and woman could only court if the men in the family agreed.”
“No. I think Cody just agreed not to go after Rick’s throat because you’re sleeping with him,” Dick Weed said, laughing. “And Rick agreed not to block the attack if you should do something stupid and ya’ll break up.” If I should do something?
“Wait, a minute. What?” Did Cody give his permission to allow Rick to sleep with me? Huh?
“Jeeze Louise, my head hurts,” I said, putting both hands around my head and closing my eyes.
The curtains burst open and my parents came waltzing in with concerned looks on their face. Great. Now I can hear my mother complain about the things I put her through. It’s not enough that her son is cop and she worries about him every day. My head just jumped to turbo throb.
“Chloe, Chloe! What happened to you? Your beautiful face,” my mother said rushing to my side. My father pushed Rick out of the way so he could be on the other side.
“I’m okay. Really. I’ll just have to stay overnight,” I said, smiling.
“Would someone please tell me what happened? You told me you were hit a few times,” Daddy said, glaring at Cody. Good, he’s taking it out on him. My turn’s coming but it was fun to watch someone else catch the heat for a while.
Cody took a deep breath and said, “Chloe went to the Shloe farm early. Rick and I were gonna meet her there. The nut case who was after the painting followed her to the farm and got there before we did. He got a little rough trying to get her to tell him where the painting was.” He hesitated and added when no one volunteered to finish the story for him. He was doing well. Why stop his flow? Even though I think he just blamed me for leaving Alexandria early. “She…uh…stalled him until we could get there. Rick shot him. He’s not dead but he’s not gonna hurt Chloe again.”
“Chloebeth! I love you, sweetheart,” Mama started in, “but why do you put me through this? Cody’s a cop and I worry about him every day.” Yeah. I’ve heard this before. When I was a girl, she would say, ‘Cody’s a boy. He’s supposed to get banged up. You’re a girl. Act like a girl.’ Please keep me from strangling her.
‘Yeah, Mama, I actually told Frank to beat the pulp out of me just to make you mad.’ No. I didn’t say that. I thought it. In fact I didn’t say anything. I just looked at her like…’what?’
My father squeezed my hand, smiled and said, “Thank God, you’re alright.”
“Cody and Rick saved my life. I just had to keep him from slicing me up or raping me until they got there,” I shrugged. “All in a day’s work.”
“Oh, Chloebeth! How can you talk like that? You make it sound like it wasn’t a terrifying experience,” my mother said eyes wide and bulged. “Your daddy and I care about what happens to you, even if you don’t.” God help me!
It’s time to calm her down and have her think of something else. I’m so good at this. It’s an art.
“Mama, you remember Rick?” She nodded so I continued, grinning, “We’re dating. Going out. In a relationship.” I turned to my father and said, “I’m sorry, Daddy. I had to do it. She was starting to freak out. I had to remind her of her mantra or slap her.” I looked up at Rick who was looking wearily at my father. “Her mantra is, ‘Chloe date. Chloe get married.’ I’m just trying to put a little peace in her life.”
My father looked at Cody questioningly. Cody nodded and slightly smiled and said, “Yeah. I just found out too. It’s alright. He’s a good man.” Great. Now Cody’s giving my father permission to let me see Rick.
My father tuned to Rick and shook his hand, “Son, I don’t know you that well. But I do know Chloe.” He laughed and continued, “And if she likes you…” He shook his head and didn’t say anything more.
I narrowed my eyes at him and thought about saying something, but all I did was open my mouth a couple times and then closed it. I was doing my fish out of water imitation. I eventually said, “I don’t know if I like what you just said. I like myself just fine thank you very much. Are you implying there’s something wrong with me?”
“And I love you Chloe, just the way you are,” my father said and winked.
“What? How long has this been going on?” Mama didn’t know if she should be pleased or mad because Daddy was laughing.
“Probably since the day he gave her a ride home and she held a gun on him so he wouldn’t try anything,” my father said laughing.
“What?” Mama was floored.
“I’ll explain later,” Daddy grinned at her. I often make my parents laugh, but it’s my father who takes the things I do in stride. Most times.
“Well, not quite,” Rick grinned, “but I knew I had to get to know her. Any woman that would do that was a woman worth knowing”

####

I was brought up to a room and I sent my mother home. I told her that if she stayed I was signing myself out and taking a cab back to my apartment. Rick had taken my truck to the police station and locked it up in impound so I was truckless.
My friends were visiting me when Rick came back carrying a duffle bag and they went home soon after. It was about nine and the hospital staff frowned on visitors staying long after that.
“Didn’t I say I didn’t want any one staying?”
“Yeah. But I thought you just meant you didn’t want your mother staying.” He grinned his sexy grin.
“Don’t you have work tomorrow?”
“Nope. I told Lt. Anders I wasn’t feeling well and he said I looked as though I was coming down with something.”
He stood on the side of the bed with a concerned look and I asked him, “Why did Frank kill Jason Sr.?”
“Frank was searching for the painting, when Jason Sr. came home.” He shook his head, and continued, “Jason surprised him while Frank was in the bedroom and he dropped his shotgun, it went off and it hit Jason.”
“Oh my God, it was an accident. He’s a doofus, but it was still an accident. What about T-Jake?”
“That one wasn’t an accident. T-Jake owed Frank two thousand dollars and he told Frank about the painting which was why he was searching seniors house. Frank got tired of waiting.” He gave a humorless chuckle and added, “Frank thought since T-Jake’s father was shot, people would think it was by the same person that shot his father and not the person he owed money to.” He paused and continued, “We did think it was by the same person we just didn’t know who he owed money to.” In a way, that gave Frank more credit than I was giving him credit for. He took a deep breath, shook his head and said with a tight mouth, “Frank can’t aim worth a damn. He was trying to wing T-Jake, not kill him. He said,” Rick said on a laugh “that you messed up his aim.”
“Good excuse but now I know why he threatened Petunia.”
“Yeah. He was trying to scare her into telling him where the painting was.”
I nodded and started shaking and crying. He pushed the button so the bed could lay back and he lay beside me holding me tight against him. I sniffed a few times and fell asleep.
Yeah, I was glad he stayed the night instead of my mother. And I was right about him moving me over so he could share my bed.
The next day I was able to go home and he brought me to the Shloe Parish Sheriff’s Department to sign a statement. Oh, the fun we had. The detective hit on me. I would have had some one beat me up a long time ago if I would have known it would have gotten me dates. Rick glared and took the detective’s card and told him he would contact him if I needed him.
“You need a leash,” he mumbled and laced our fingers together while we walked out of the building.
I stopped short and he jerked back. “Are you calling me a dog?”
His were wide and he said, “No. I need to keep an eye on you.”
“You don’t trust me?”
“You, I trust. It’s other men I don’t.”
About the Author
Lisa lives in Jesup, GA but grew up in Alexandria, LA. She’s been married forever has a son and daughter and a black lab bull dog mix. The dog is better trained than her kids. Gotta love them they give me a lot to work with.
Hope you enjoyed the book another is on the way.
You can contact me on face book lclancey2013@gmail.com 

###
