

The Summerland
by
T.L. Schaefer

Smashwords Edition

* * * *

Published by
T.L. Schaefer on Smashwords

Copyright © 2011 T.L. Schaefer

Smashwords Edition License Notes
This ebook is licensed for your personal enjoyment only. This ebook may not be re-sold or given away to other people. If you would like to share this book with another person, please purchase an additional copy for each person you share it with. If you're reading this book and did not purchase it, or it was not purchased for your use only, then you should return to Smashwords.com and purchase your own copy. Thank you for respecting the author's work.

* * * *

Finis

She inhaled his strong, male strength, reveling in the exquisite feel of his hands as he ran them down her body, coveting the taut, supple muscles that almost a year of yoga had wrought. Immersing herself in the simple sensation of being touched by another human being, she arched into his caress, her hands stealing quick, almost reverent touches of his skin. He was warm and human and there. His kiss was simple, direct, hungry. There was no doubt of that. She had the fleeting impression he had been saving himself for this event, then knew it to be true in a blinding flash. He waited for me, her deluded mind whispered, pushing away the last clinging shreds of the woman she had been. She was now Diana, sure that they would come out of this endeavor strong in purpose and deed and go forward in The Way. Pulled under by his kiss, she dissolved into pure sensation, drawing on the well of sexuality that had gone dormant over the past year. 
He lowered her to the bed, still testing, touching, caressing her strong body, and looking into her converted mind. He could see it in her eyes. She believed. All that he had waited for, longed for, sacrificed for was finally here. He ran his hands up her lithe, impossibly long legs, sweeping up under the ceremonial robes of green, keeping his lips and eyes locked on hers each and every second, never breaking the primitive rhythm their bodies had begun to exert. His hands tested her, finding her ready and waiting. He shed his own ceremonial garb and began the gradual, steady ascent to rebirth.
Diana felt him enter her, smoothly, seamlessly, as if they were made for each other. His tongue thrust and retreated with the same motion as his body, setting a point-counterpoint rhythm that was as unstoppable as it was earth shattering. He was deliberate and patient, almost too deliberate. Her body cried out for the fast, blistering animal mating her limited experience had taught her to expect, but he continued to set the same languorous, tortuous pace, taking them higher with each thrust. 
Time melted into nothing for both of them, each yearning for the ultimate release, the little death. As he approached the summit, his voice rasped out to her, “Diana, come, take me to The Summerland.” His body tightened as he waited with eyes closed, waited those precious seconds for her to come to him. He wavered on the edge of that cliff, awaiting the arrival of his Goddess, until he could wait no more.
His eyes snapped open and he looked at the writhing woman below him, the woman who was begging him to take her there, take her to The Summerland with him, and knew that all of his effort and teachings were for naught. 
The sacrifice would be made tonight, as it had been for centuries. Thine will be done, amen. 
As he spurted into her, his huge hands closed around her throat, strangling her to death even as she reached orgasm. He looked deeply into her eyes as he pumped his own legacy into her, waiting for her to take that leap, waiting to see if Diana would come to him here, now. Instead, all he saw was the ecstasy of orgasm as it overcame her, and the understanding that she was, indeed, still a mortal. 
With that realization she became a bucking, lunging animal, desperate for each and every breath. Her hands flailed against him, leaving bloody tears up and down his back and flanks. She pried at his hands, beat at his arms, and reached for his face with the curling talons that had become her hands, but it was just out of reach, just as his distant eyes seemed to be somewhere beyond this room. 
His body was hard, implacable, in her and above her. She arched, desperate to buck him off, let her have at least one breath. He began to move within her again, thrusting into her as if by this act alone he could justify the fact that he was stealing the breath from her body one exhalation at a time. Her strength waning, she grasped his forearms, dug her fingernails in, and hung on for the rest of her life.
As her body stilled beneath him, he removed his hands and gently stroked the livid marks his fingers had made. He removed himself from her body and began to wash her. At least she had gone on in pleasure, he thought dispassionately. Even at the end, full understanding had eluded her. Still, he thought, all was not lost. A gift to the gods would be made. In one broad stroke he could make an offering and remove yet another unworthy soul from The Summerland.
* * * *
I was so sure she held the key to everything. She held my soul in her hands, then refused to share hers. She refused me her spirituality, the essential part of her that made her woman. She refused me everything. Her selfishness defined her. 

Chapter One

Mariposa County Sheriff Bill Ashton looked down at the scattered skeletal remains, stone-faced in his impassive review of the ground before him. The crime scene, and there was no doubt it was one, had been horribly corrupted by both time and the two teenage boys who had stumbled across it in this remote foothill ravine. Empty eye sockets leered up at him eerily. 
The victim’s forehead was punctuated by a small, neat hole, presumably a .22 or .25 caliber since he could see no discernable exit wound. He knew what a small caliber bullet could do to the inside of someone’s head, and winced at the picture his mind formed. At least these remains were skeletal. He’d found through long, painful experience that you could be almost clinical in your assessment of a skeleton. 
His deputies swarmed over the brushy hillside in the baking afternoon sun, looking for any additional bone fragments that may have been scattered by foraging coyotes or ravens. Until they were finished, his examination of the scene was on hold, except for general observations. 
This was a hell of a state of affairs, he thought wearily, relaxing his controlled expression. He rubbed a callused hand over half a day’s worth of stubble, then absently stroked the hairline scar that arched just over his temple and disappeared under the battered cowboy hat he wore. Murders didn’t happen in Mariposa very often, but when they did they usually involved family members or significant others.
A cry further down the rutted dirt road brought the Sheriff’s head up and set his long legs into motion. He charged into the underbrush beside the track and blanched as the second body came into view. These remains, as with the other, had been dispatched by a single bullet hole to the head. If this wasn’t a set of execution-style murders, then he was Mickey Mouse. 
“Jesus Fucking Christ! What the hell is this?” The totally unnecessary epitaph came from directly behind him and belonged to his esteemed colleague, Joe Whelan, the medical examiner.
“I dunno Joe, we may have a small problem here. Looks like two vics with the same damned placement and caliber. But then again, that’s your department, huh?” 
Taking off his age-worn Stetson, Ashton absently shuffled it from hand to hand as his faded blue eyes swept the scene, scanning the remote hillside. The detached, ‘cop’ section of his brain noted that death was always unforgiving, no matter how beautiful the landscape it occurred in.
This portion of his county had always reminded him of a living, medieval cathedral, like something you would see paintings of in history books. Black oaks wore a stately velvety coat of emerald moss, their thick, sturdy arms reaching for everything and nothing at the same time. Warring with the oaks for supremacy were the rod-straight bodies of huge Ponderosa Pines, evergreen boughs clawing toward the searing beauty of the sun. Beneath the grandeur of these monarchs, a graceful carpet of purple-blue lupine bobbed playfully in the searing breeze, their feet firmly entrenched in a thick layer of pine straw and oak leaves and red mountain clay. 
That living carpet now crackled and shifted beneath each deputy's feet, concealing and revealing with each movement.
Ashton whistled slowly through his teeth and shook his head. “This looks shitty no matter how you slice it.” He turned to the throng of deputies slowly gathering, “I want the entire cutoff road from Ponderosa Basin to Wawona sealed yesterday. No one but us in or out until we can figure out who the hell is dumping bodies up here. The first victim was one thing, this is an entirely new boat and I will not screw this up.” 
He turned to a pasty-faced deputy at his side and directed, “You call everyone in, and I mean everyone. Get all of our reserve deputies up here to do control and containment, and every sworn deputy to do a proper hillside sweep. Now.”
* * * *
The scramble over granite through the thick buck brush and mesquite at ground level was anything but easy. In the end, their unwelcome quarry was surprisingly simple to locate. In the gruesome light of a fading day, five bodies in varying stages of decomposition were located and taped off. Each had been placed just off the roadway, in a loose circle with a diameter of at least twenty-five yards. A neat bullet wound pierced each skull like a grotesque punctuation mark. 
Ashton ordered that the entire ten-mile road be marked as a crime scene and blocked the local “free”way into Yosemite. 
The newest body appeared to be only days old and was that of a young female. It hadn’t helped the searcher’s already queasy stomachs when Mark Lewis, the county’s newest physician and volunteer search and rescue worker, puked all over his expensive Timberlands upon discovering the last, freshest corpse. Bloated bluebottle flies swarmed the hillside in a touch-and-go pattern; making most of the searchers wonder how they’d missed it in the first place. 
From an initial inspection of her body, Whelan had determined the obvious cause of death, and suggested calling in an entomologist to determine how long she’d been exposed to the blowflies and the elements. Late June in Mariposa was roughly akin to a day on the surface of the sun and the days had not been kind to Jane Doe Five. Most of her soft flesh had decayed, obscuring her facial features.
Bill Ashton was in a hell of a pickle, and he knew it. It was obvious that this had been going on for some time, and he had more than a gut feeling that a local was responsible for it. For one thing, the Ponderosa Basin-Wawona cutoff was not an easy road to drive upon or even to locate. It was a rutted wagon track on the best of days and a muddy, sticky mess on the rest. For the most part, only locals knew of the shortcut into Yosemite, and most of them held passes that would get them into the Park free year-round, so they didn’t need to circumnavigate the mess. Ashton just thanked God that those kids had found those bodies now, rather than twenty years down the line.
Absently scratching a long denim-clad leg, he let his gaze rove over the hillside once more, looking at it through the eyes of an experienced LAPD Homicide detective. He scanned the packed clay of the roadway nearest Jane Doe Five. No tire tracks, but then again, he wouldn’t have expected any. It hadn’t rained in almost a month. There wasn’t even any trash up here, it was so remote. He massaged the bridge of his nose and thought about what to do next. He really didn’t want to call the feds in until he at least had a little bit of a handle on this thing, but he didn’t want to endanger any more lives either. 
They were damned lucky that Joe Whelan had decided to retire to the foothills five years ago, then assume the mantle of medical examiner because he was bored. A county and community the size of Mariposa didn’t warrant a full-time ME or even a real coroner. Not that they'd needed one up to this point, thought Ashton grimly.
It didn't take the cranky old ME long to make a determination. Each of the victims was female, aged sixteen to twenty-five years old. He couldn’t and wouldn’t speculate further until he’d done autopsies. To the Sheriff's disquieted eye, it almost looked like the corpses were gruesome anniversary presents a new gift for each and every year.

The First Fold

She will be my everything. She is all that is perfect and shimmery and woman. She will be my salvation.

She was stunning and brandished her femininity like a weapon. A cloud of Channel surrounded her like a luxurious fog, enhancing her latent sexuality. The face looking back from the rear view mirror could have easily graced the cover of any fashion magazine. From her platinum-highlighted hair to the tips of her perfectly pedicured toes, she was the type of woman who made grown men gape and beautiful women green with envy. Looking into the passenger seat of the sporty Miata, she laughed a low, feline purr. The duffel bag to her right was full—bulging with the money that was hers and only hers, now. And as for the car, well that was just beauty in itself. 
Finally, she could surround herself in the luxury that was her due. She was driving through this dusty, dirty section of central California to spend a few days in hiding at a cabin in Mammoth Lakes, and she would be damned if she weren’t going to enjoy herself, Carlos or no Carlos, feds or no feds. 
And never, in a million years, would it occur to any of them that she’d gone further into the state. She knew that Carlos would send Teddy after her, there was no doubt in her mind about that. And the feds, well, they couldn't find their ass with both hands. She’d outsmarted them once again. Planes to the Caymans, the Bahamas and Switzerland would be scrutinized long before the search ever turned inward. And that would be her triumph. One half million dollars in unmarked, non-traceable bills—ah, what a world we live in.
As she rolled through the blink-and-you-miss-it town of Planada, her attention shifted to the rolling foothills of the Sierra Nevada. She shifted into fourth and left the town in the understated growl that only a small sports car seemed to produce. As dizzying rows of freshly furrowed earth whipped past, the radio played the latest techno-dance remake of a previously good song. She began to climb the shallow foothills, a candy-apple red spot lost amid the goldenrod fields and pastures, and noticed the temperature gauge on the dash begin to inch upward. By the time she reached the rest area the indicator was firmly in the red. Pulling into the well-maintained parking area, she shut off the engine. Her initial dismay turned to outright anger as steam began to billow out from beneath the hood. Uttering colorful obscenities, she flipped open her cell phone and dialed AAA.
* * * *
It had not been a good day for Tony Ortiz. He had overslept, which meant he and the kids hadn’t had time for a real breakfast. His normal wrecker was in the shop with an engine problem, and to top it off he had to drive halfway to Merced to pick up some dumb tourist who didn’t know how to shift. All he knew was that he was on the lookout for a red Miata parked in one of the rest areas along Highway 140. 
The car wasn’t hard to spot, and Tony pulled his truck alongside it no more than thirty minutes after he’d left Mariposa. He stepped out of the rig and looked around for the driver, but didn’t see a soul throughout the entire rest area. He knew they had to be around here somewhere, because the top was down and there was a big, expensive sports bag in the front seat. He eyeballed the restrooms, then heaved a sigh as he leaned back against the wrecker. After his allotted 15-minute wait time, he called the AAA dispatcher and asked her to initiate a callback.
He heard the ringing coming from the car, and almost smacked himself in the forehead. Of course they’d called from a cell phone. He looked into the interior of the sports car, looking for the phone so he could answer Jennifer, but it was nowhere to be seen. As the ringing continued, he looked at the duffel bag, then unzipped the top just as the phone went silent.
* * * *
Forty-five minutes later he stood in his small bedroom, staring at the imposing sports bag sitting on the threadbare spread of his double bed. Next to it sat a sleek cellular telephone, one of the new gadgets that did everything but talk for you. 
He didn’t know what had possessed him to take the darned thing. He remembered that one, quick, damning glimpse inside--the ocean of green he’d seen had overwhelmed him. He’d looked around furtively, trying to see if the driver was anywhere else in the rest area, but there was no one to be found. He’d taken the bag like a man in a dream and stowed it in one of the locked compartments of his wrecker, then contacted dispatch.
Tony slowly shook his head, like a man waking from a deep slumber. No, he knew exactly why he’d taken the bag; it represented the future for his children. As a single father of two he knew exactly how hard it was to support a family, and he could think of some wonderful things to do with the amount of money that was in that bag.
The shrill ringing of the cell phone began again, the third time in the last half-hour. Tony stared at it like he might a rattlesnake, waiting for it to strike. His foot actually moved forward, his fingers stretching for it, before he caught himself. How in the hell was he supposed to answer it, and why should he? If he were smart he’d remove the battery and throw the thing in the closest Dumpster. Even as arguments raged through his head, his hand continued it’s downward motion until the phone rested in his palm. With a trembling finger he punched the receive button and listened.
“I know you’re there you bitch, I can hear you breathing.” The voice on the other end of the line was rough, ragged with anger. “Answering that phone was the second biggest mistake you’ve ever made. You know what the first was, you thieving whore? Huh, do you? It was stealing my fucking money. Don’t you know they can trace cell phone calls now? Can’t wait to see you, babe.” The voice was disconnected with a sharp, distinct click. 
Tony set the phone back on the bedspread, his hands beginning to shake more violently as each second passed. He heard the front door bang as his kids filed in from an afternoon of play. Their clear, innocent voices jarred him back to reality, a world that he had been absent from the moment he discovered that bag. 

Chapter Two

The upended San Jose State Spartans football helmet teetering on the thrashed generic metal desk was full of messages--full to overflowing--even at eight a.m. Sheriff Bill Ashton knew that one of the weak-in-the-knees, traffic-control, auxiliary deputies had blabbed, and blabbed as soon as his shift was over. God damn it! He had five dead bodies on top of all the other bullshit he dealt with on a daily basis as Sheriff. Now he would have to talk to the press and probably the goddamn FBI before this bitch of a day was through. What a way to start a Tuesday morning.
He ran a large, work-roughened hand through his light brown hair, teasing it out of it’s careful comb-down and warily eyed the mountain of messages and hastily scrawled crime scene observations scattered across the battered Army surplus desk. His office always resembled carefully choreographed chaos, and as the old saying went, he knew exactly where everything was. Buff manila folders were everywhere, strewn haphazardly throughout the room, leaving only two clear spaces, his creaky, battered swivel chair and the seat opposite his desk. The lilting strains of the Dixie Chicks crooned from one corner of the pile, muffled by two layers of files and a windbreaker.
Gail, the department secretary, had once attempted to tame the mess he called a filing system and had thrown everything out of whack for weeks. It had never happened again. Messy or no, it was his office and he’d keep it as he damned well pleased.
Bill Ashton was a large man, even in this day of big men. Two hundred and twenty pounds rode easily on his six foot, two inch frame, but there was no escaping the fact that too many beers during football season and fishing had contributed to the beginnings of a mini-Michelin. The soft, barely noticeable paunch beginning to develop around his midsection had become his latest obsession. 
He knew that at thirty-five he was a far cry from over the hill, but he was also no longer the trim, fit athlete he’d been throughout high school and in college--never mind the fact that he ran at least four times a week and did enough sit-ups to make Stallone look like a puss. Then again, reaching your mid-thirties tended to do that to a man. It was just one of those facts about the universe that sucked. These days he was just happy he didn’t look like crap in his uniform when he wore it. Lately he’d tended more toward jeans and western shirts, and knew, without a doubt, that he was turning into his grandfather. 
Irritably shifting his shoulder holster, he folded himself into his cheap office throne, bumping into a mammoth stack of Policeman’s Quarterly magazines and leaving them tottering precariously behind one of the squeaky, stubborn wheels of the chair. Grabbing a handful of the pink flimsies from inside the football helmet, he sifted through them, groaning inwardly as he read. They were all there, from the city fathers to the goddamn governor. He would gladly relinquish that reply to the mayor.
Rooting out the duty roster, he noted that the patrol officers he had put on containment had all reported for duty and were on station. He had put only his most trusted deputies on the scene, holding it until the crime lab specialists could get there from Modesto. Placing a call late last night to his sister office requesting assistance with the processing of these crime scenes was one of the hardest things he had ever had to do. He expected them at any time this morning and would drive them out to the mountain himself. 
Though he would never have used the words to describe himself, Bill Ashton was a cautious, careful man. He’d be damned if he would put a bunch of unseasoned hometown deputies on the task of collecting evidence on a case as big as this one looked. Even he was uncomfortable touching anything, and he’d pulled Homicide for five years. No, the most the Mariposa County Sheriff’s Office could or would do right now were the basics. Secure the scene. Investigate any leads. Crowd control. Media handling.
Sifting through the piles of paper, he came up with the first of the neighborhood interviews. The area the bodies had been discovered in was so sparsely populated he doubted anyone had noticed anything, but then again, it was a small town, and small towns tended toward minding each other's business. Regardless, it was one of those steps every law enforcement officer was trained and required to take. Reaching blindly for the cup of coffee he’d placed somewhere on the desk, he settled back in his chair and began to read.
* * * *
The Sheriff’s response to Gail’s polite knock on the door was anything but civilized. She cautiously poked her head into the office, giving him the eye as only a trained secretary could. Her once-over glance, honed after years of practice, showed exactly what state of mind her boss was in. Pasting on an apologetic smile, she entered the office, closing the door behind her. “I’m sorry to interrupt you Bill. I know it’s been a hell of a morning, but I really think you need to see this.” At his curt nod, she reopened the door and gestured into the waiting area.
Tony Ortiz entered the office, visibly trembling. Ashton had known him for a few years, ever since he and his kids had moved to the area from Fresno. In all his years as a cop, he’d never seen a man as scared as Tony was now.
He waved him to the ancient wooden chair opposite his desk, noting as he did the Gucci sports bag that the mechanic was toting. “What can I do for you Tony, we’re kind of busy around here, you know?”
Tony sucked in a deep breath. “I know I shouldn’t have taken it Sheriff, but I just couldn’t seem to help myself. It was there, and no one else was and I kept thinking how my kids could go to college and have nice clothes and maybe we could buy a nicer house and…”
Bill’s raised hand stopped the torrent. He leaned across the desk, looking Tony straight in the eye. “Slow down man. What exactly are we talking about here?”
Tony bit his lip, then lifted the sports bag onto the Sheriff’s cluttered desk. He unzipped the top and let Bill see the extent of his turmoil. The Sheriff whistled, long and low. “Holy shit Tony.” He looked back up at the troubled man. “I think you’d better start from the beginning.”
* * * *
Ashton wanted a look at that car himself. His drive down the hill to the rest area was as uneventful as a normal day in Mariposa should be, except that the images of those dead women kept playing across the windshield, like a dark and gory movie. Over and over again until Bill thought he would scream. He knew he should be sitting at his desk right now, preparing a statement for the press, but he just couldn’t bring himself to do it. He’d never been a public speaker and talking about something like this over the hum and lights of a dozen cameras scared the crap out of him. This field trip was simply a diversion; something to take his mind away from the brutality he’d never thought would come home.
And then there it was, sitting right in the middle of the otherwise empty parking lot, like a bright and sparkling toy. He stepped slowly out of his Blazer, walking around the Miata like he might some exotic snake, eyeing it with a distinct unease. He didn’t know what was making him so edgy, causing his hackles to rise. Sure, finding that much money in an abandoned car was unusual, damned unusual. 
Shit, to be honest it was suspicious as hell, but other than the fact that Tony had taken the cash home, no real crime had been committed. The telephone call Tony had received was just that, a telephone call. He had no reports of a missing person and didn’t see any immediate evidence of foul play. He had an abandoned car and a whole lot of money. So why was it making him just as nervous and jumpy as the five women laying in cold storage in the county morgue?
He finally approached the passenger side of the vehicle, snapping on a latex glove as he did so. He knew this was a job for the crime lab, but they were all busy up on the mountain collecting evidence and hopefully giving him something concrete to go on.
Muttering under his breath, he popped the latch to the glove compartment and pulled out the registration paperwork. Registered to Arden Jones of Torrance, a suburb of Los Angeles. Aviator’s Ray-Bans and eleven black government ballpoint pens. Assorted paperwork, including a copy of the Los Angeles Air Force Base biweekly, the AstroNews, with a by-line by Captain Arden Jones. His left eyebrow climbed an inch. An Air Force officer carrying that much cash disappears in the middle of Nowhere, California. He wasn’t buying it. Puffing his cheeks out in a withheld breath, he contemplated the registration and shiny car sitting before him, then walked to his truck.
* * * *
Technology never failed to amaze him. Within thirty minutes of contacting the local cellular company he’d tracked down the owner of the flip phone, even pinpointing her address. Samantha Henning of Hollywood, he thought, you have some serious explaining to do.

Chapter Three

To say that Arden Jones was pissed would have been an understatement. It was telegraphed to the whole world, from the people she dealt with in the office to the poor, unsuspecting dupes on the phone. It was drawn in every line of her lean body, from the ash blonde hair she’d ruthlessly hauled into a French twist to the ‘go to hell’ heels on her long legs. It was bad enough that she’d been transferred to this hellhole of a base in Los Angeles, of all places, but yesterday when she’d opened her door, her brand-new car was gone. She’d saved her money the whole two years she was overseas so she could buy the damn thing in cash, and poof, it was gone. More than anything, she’d bought it as a symbol that her life was starting anew, as an older, wiser woman rather than the naïve girl she had been. So here she was. And Torrance was supposed to be such a good little city. Shit.
She scowled out the window across from her cubicle, looking glumly at the demarcation line separating the clear blue sky and the smog, wondering why the planes taking off from LAX didn’t get stuck in it and wishing she were back in the Azores. At least there had been no smog, no pollution, and best of all, no crime. She’d been spoiled on that little Portuguese island and every day she was here made her wish for the ‘boredom’ that she’d felt while stationed there. 
Breathing a deep sigh, she pushed up her glasses and focused her hazel eyes on the article she was proofing and the handful of archive slides accompanying it. It was a pain in the butt to be the Air Force liaison to the stars, and coordinating the escorts for this charity event was no exception. She just knew she’d end up being one of them, dressing up in the monkey suit the military called ‘mess dress.’ Lord, all she ever did was make a mess when she wore the damn thing. And, to make it even worse, she was always taller than the Hollywood type she was escorting and it just looked plain dumb on camera. With a frown creasing her forehead and pulling her well-sculpted brows together, she attacked the article with a ferocity that no newsprint deserved. The third and fourth rings of the telephone in the lobby got her attention, and she snagged the line before the caller could hang up.
“Good Afternoon, Los Angeles Air Force Base Public Affairs, Captain Jones speaking. May I help you?” God, she winced, I should be a receptionist, I sound so disgustingly perky.
“Captain Arden Jones?” queried the deep, masculine voice on the other end of the line.
“This is Captain Jones.” She cradled the telephone between her shoulder and ear, then squinted at the slide she held between thumb and forefinger. Shifting back in her chair, she held it up to the light streaming through the grimy window and grimaced. It was crap, utter crap. “What can I do for you?” she muttered, her ‘legendary’ patience already beginning to wear thin.
“Captain Jones, my name is Bill Ashton and I’m the Sheriff for Mariposa County, up in Northern California. I understand from Torrance PD that your car’s been stolen. Could you give me a brief description please?” The voice at the other end was crisp, professional, and hummed along her nerve endings like a low-voltage shock. Held in its thrall and startled by her gut-deep reaction to a simple voice, it took her a second to realize exactly what he had asked. Then it hit her and blanked everything else out.
“Oh crap, how bad is it?” she moaned, her overactive imagination already painting the worst picture possible. “Sorry, sorry, it’s a candy apple red Miata, California plates, number 4E59436. Mariposa, you said. Where’s that?” She searched her memory, knowing the name was stored somewhere.
“Mariposa is right outside of Yosemite, ma’am. Did you have any personal effects in the vehicle?” He asked hopefully, but without much conviction, toying with the arm strap of the exercise bag. He was afraid he could see where this was leading.
“No, just the stuff in the glove box. What kind of personal effects?” Arden rubbed her temples, ineffectually brushing back the strands of hair that had fallen out of her twist, then drummed her fingers impatiently on the desktop, the clicking of her unpainted nails rapping a staccato rhythm. “And what shape is my car in? How trashed is it?”
“Um, your car is fine, but there are some circumstances surrounding it. Do you have the time to make a brief statement about its theft? Just for our records here.”
Arden grumbled inwardly for a moment, then acquiesced. As she finished telling him exactly the same thing she’d told the Torrance cops she blurted out, “So, who took my car? Did you catch them?”
There was silence on the other end of the line as the Sheriff debated dropping the name of their suspect. What the hell, he decided, it couldn’t hurt. “We haven’t caught the person, but we think we may have a name in connection. A sports bag and cell phone registered to this person were in your car. Do you know a Samantha Henning?” He heard the quick intake of her breath and knew he had something. “You know her, don’t you?”
The quality of her voice, when it did come back on the line, was so flat, so cold, so devoid of emotion that for an instant he thought it was computer-generated. “She’s my sister. Henning was my maiden name. Look, I’ve got a few things to tie up before I can get there. What’s the closest airport?”
“Hold on there for just a second…” he began before he was cut off.
“You don’t know my sister. Something is wrong, very wrong. What ‘circumstances’ were you talking about, and how do they tie in to Samantha?”
“I’m not at liberty to disclose that, it’s part of an ongoing investigation.” He answered stiffly, his own annoyance at her interruption beginning to show.
“I don’t know that you can offer us any assistance in this matter Captain Jones, except to give us background, and we can do that over the phone.” He was moving fast, trying to cut her off before she got a full head of steam. It was already bad enough with the press, the last thing he needed was relatives underfoot, especially a pushy military officer used to getting her own way. And a public relations officer at that! “I can keep you updated on any developments as they occur.” Apparently he hadn’t moved fast enough.
“Sheriff, I’ll be there by close of business tomorrow. I’ll expect to speak with you then. What is the closest airport?” She used her best ‘officer’ voice, hoping against hope that the Sheriff respected the authority her rank carried.
* * * *
His day didn’t get any better after that. At nine o’clock he called a conference for the city fathers rather than saying the same thing ten different times over the telephone. He also had much more control with all of them sitting right in front of him. To a man, or woman, they were worried about how the news of five dead bodies would effect tourism. Visitors to Yosemite were the lifeblood of Mariposa proper and the county as a whole. If tourists stopped coming, the town was in a world of hurt. It was no surprise that each of the Supervisors tried to distance themselves from the district where the murders occurred. Then the representative from the Yosemite area reluctantly voiced a concern that hadn’t even entered the Sheriff’s overtaxed mind. 
Yosemite National Park was federal land, and the murdered women had been found right on the border of the park. Since it was unclear where the murders had actually been committed, it was a damned good bet that the FBI was already on their way. To top it all off, the media had begun camping out in front of both the courthouse and the Sheriff’s Department, waiting for a statement. Ashton hadn’t seen that many TV trucks since the other Yosemite murders a few years ago. They had been committed by a deranged handyman with a grudge the size of Texas against women. He hadn’t been on the force then, thank God. The press had ripped apart the Sheriff’s Department and the FBI when another murder had been committed after the suspect had been initially questioned. This was going to be an even bigger circus, he could guarantee it. He sent the Supervisors on their way with a promise to update them if anything new surfaced and to hold a brief press conference in several hours.
* * * *
In the two hours before the press conference, the crime lab reported in with a disquieting detail--a liberal amount of green silk fibers had been found at the Jane Doe Five crime scene. The lab techs also reported what seemed to be unusual care in the placement of the bodies, indicating that they hadn’t been dumped, but precisely placed instead. He charged the investigators with finding anything and everything about the site before they reported again tomorrow morning.

Chapter Four

The Sheriff's return to the office that afternoon was nothing short of a skirmish through enemy lines. The reporters followed him from the staging area, shouting questions over each other, totally oblivious to the fact he was ignoring them. He closed the outer door to the Department with a relief that was palpable. Walking straight to his office door, he unlocked it with the only key in the department. It was this security measure alone that had allowed him to leave the bag in the safe in his office while he soothed the savage media beast. He trusted his men with his life, but not necessarily with the amount of cash he was pretty sure was stashed in that bag. On any other day his first priority would have been getting a handle on the mystery behind the money, Samantha Henning, and Captain Arden Jones. Not so today.
Pulling the shades, he ignored the fact that each and every person in the squad room was looking directly at him. Then he locked the door again and removed the duffel bag from its safe haven. 
He unzipped the top and let out a slow hiss as the contents of the bag stared up at him. His first impression had been correct. The bag was packed to the gills with cash in twenty-dollar denominations. At first glance most of the bills appeared to be well used, which was not comforting since it made them that much harder to trace. He tore his reverent gaze from the money to the door as Gail knocked discreetly. 
“Sheriff, sorry to interrupt you, but Frank Drebin from the FBI is here to see you.” 
Gail could hear the barely veiled laughter in his voice as he asked, “Did you say Frank Drebin?”
“Yes Sheriff, she did. Now please open the door.” The voice on the other side of the smoked glass door was most definitely not Gail’s. He zipped the bag back up and turned to unlock and open the door. The man standing on the other side of the stoop was clearly not Leslie Nielsen. He was a huge black man in a neatly pressed G-man suit, with a totally inappropriate turquoise tie peeking out of the somber blue Brooks Brothers ensemble. He held up an enormous hand. “Before we get started, I’ve heard every Naked Gun joke ever told. If you and I are going to get along, get them out of your system right here and now, then we can get to work on whoever is killing young ladies in your county.”
Bill stood aside and motioned the man into the inner reaches of the Sheriff’s Department. He looked at Gail and said, “Hold my calls, all of them.” At her nod he closed the door and locked it. He pushed away from the door and nodded at the seat opposite the disaster area that was his desk. “Please, have a seat. We may be yokels up here, but we do have manners. I wondered when you’d show up. So, when will you be taking over the investigation?”
Drebin, to give him his due, showed no expression. “They sent me up to assist you in solving these crimes.” He glanced around the room, taking in the meticulously organized bedlam, then looked at the Sheriff, measuring him against the reports that had been read to him over his car phone and the idle talk he’d heard since arriving in town late this morning. He certainly did look the good old boy, but something about the sharpness of his eyes and the strength of his mouth told Drebin that Bill Ashton could go the distance, and then some. 
It was his eyes that drew you first, Drebin decided, their color was unusual, kind of rumpled denim blue that looked as if they could go from warm, fuzzy laziness to iceberg pure in a heartbeat. To a man with Drebin’s training and inherent gift at reading people, those eyes spoke volumes about Ashton’s character and the hellish circumstances he’d found himself in. 
He wondered why a man who’d graduated magna cum laude from San Jose State with a Bachelor’s Degree in Behavioral Science and a Masters in Criminal Justice Administration would want to be a cop, of all things. Just passing that damn course made him the best of the best. He could have been working side-by-side with Drebin at the FBI with that kind of education. He knew Ashton had pulled a few years with LAPD and even served some time in Homicide. Why in the world he would want to come back to this little pisser of a town was beyond him. 
“Assist, huh?” The lanky Sheriff asked, cocking a brow as he slouched toward the battered desk, casually plucking the sports bag from it’s centerpiece position amongst piles of paperwork and settling it next to his chair. “I heard about the last time you guys were up here. Even though I was LAPD at the time, I saw how you all ‘assisted’. Regardless, you’re here. Mind if I see some ID before we get started?”
Drebin dipped his head to hide a smirk. “Listen Sheriff, I’m not here to get in a pissing match. I’ve been assigned to you to assist, just as I said. Here’s my badge and business card.” He leaned back in the chair and watched the sheriff as he verified Drebin’s credentials. His gaze stole over the sports bag sitting so invitingly on the floor next to the big cowboy’s chair. He watched the way the Sheriff watched him watching the bag. There was most definitely something going on here. 
While Ashton certainly fit the stereotype of the homeboy county sheriff, he was becoming more intrigued as their meeting progressed. He dealt with Drebin’s office in Virginia in a professional, crisp manner totally belied by his sleepy looks and simple attire of jeans, boots and western shirt. The department outside the Sheriff’s door was well run and seemed to be respected by the townsfolk, which was certainly a change over past administrations. 
From what Drebin had read, the Sheriff’s Department had been hopelessly corrupt until the local boy, Ashton, had turned his back on the existing system of drug trade and kickbacks and decided that justice was the cause to follow. The town had prospered under the new reign, and had been doing so for five years now. The result seemed to be a drowsy little tourist town rocked by the unprecedented discovery of five dead bodies.
Ashton returned his card and badge as he hung up the telephone. “Thank you sir. Now, what can I do for you?”
Drebin smiled, his white teeth a magnificent contrast to his ebony skin. “Well now, let’s just get acquainted first. I’m Special Agent Frank Drebin of the FBI. I belong to the Behavioral Sciences Unit at Quantico and I’m here, not happily I might add, at the request of your governor. As you know, he has considerable pull with my department, since he spent a good portion of his life as an agent. I was in The City reviewing case files on something else when the call came in. I get all the way up here and discover five dead bodies and a Sheriff who likes to project the Opie image, but seems to have everything under control so far. Care to tell me why the hell I’m here?”
The eyes that measured Drebin across the cheap metal desk were cool and composed, yet looked like they had been through hell. Drebin decided it was an interesting dichotomy and filed it away for future reference.
“I’d imagine you’re here because we have five female vics, shot execution-style and left in what appears to be a ceremonial manner along the side of a road that no one travels on. Jane Doe Five looks to be dead only a week, and unless I miss my guess the ME will tell me, to his closest approximation, that a body has been left each and every year for the past five years. 
Ashton shifted in his chair, the oil-hungry springs squealing in protest. “Before you ask, I don’t know why I think that, I just do. To top it off, we have about a dozen different networks here wanting to know what’s up with the “Yosemite” murders, even though there’s no evidence this took place in the Park. And now I have you, who no doubt wants to come in and take over this investigation for the betterment of mankind and to save the local populace from the bumbling attempts of the Sheriff’s Department. Sound good so far?”
Drebin grinned. “OK, now that we’re up to speed, let’s move forward. May I?” he asked, gesturing toward the duffel bag on the floor. 
Ashton hesitated, then snorted, “What the hell. It’s gotta be related. Nobody who carries that much cash can be clean.” He hefted the duffel bag onto the desk. Drebin slowly unzipped the bag and whistled, long and low, over it’s contents. The Sheriff bit back an ironic smile, remembering his same reaction to seeing that amount of green.
“Okay, I’ll bite. How is this related to your dead girls?” Drebin casually reached into a pile on the desk, removing a latex glove and snapped it on. Idly running a hand over a bound stack of twenty-dollar bills. He looked up sharply as Ashton paused, a little testy at the man’s deliberative response.
“Well,” he began slowly, “It started out with an abandoned car in a rest area with that bag in the front seat and a cell phone in the pocket. Our local tow truck driver takes it home to supplement his income, then gets a nasty call from the ‘victim’ of the theft. He freaked out and brought the thing to me.” Bill shook his shaggy brown head. “I dunno what the hell to think. I took a look at the car, nothing out of the ordinary, except it’s registered to an Air Force officer stationed in L.A. who reported it stolen yesterday. She’s on her way here ‘cause the cell phone is her sister’s. This lady sounded pissed and scared, so I’m not sure where that’s going. 
“I don’t like the fact that a woman has disappeared and left a whole shitload of money in the front seat of a convertible, for God’s sake.” As his speech progressed, Ashton’s voice became less careful, rougher, more emotional. “I especially don’t like the fact that this is all happening the day after I find five dead girls on the side of a fucking mountain. It’s too much of a coincidence. This is my home, Agent Drebin, and I didn’t think it could happen here. We all had blinders on.”
Drebin shook his head emphatically, denying Ashton’s guilt. “I’m here to tell you it can happen anywhere, anytime. I’m not sure how this bag ties in, or even if it does, but let’s keep an open mind, okay? As for the rest,” he paused and looked the Sheriff straight in the eye. “Are we agreed that this is your case for the time being, and I’m just here to assist?” At Ashton’s nod he continued. 
“I’ll need to see pictures and the actual crime scene to get a feel for the mind behind this. I’ll also need background on each of the victims, if you have it.” He took one look at Ashton’s face and shrugged. “No IDs huh? Well, we’ll just work with what we’ve got. You said that they were shot execution style?” The Sheriff nodded, but there was something about the way he did it that caught Drebin’s eye. “What? Don’t waffle on me. Give me all you’ve got.”
“OK, but this is the part that we keep close to the vest, okay? We found green silk fibers around and on Jane Doe Five, and it looks like each of the bodies were placed in a pattern of some kind. Some of them were so scattered it was hard to tell, but once the crime lab guys knew what they were looking for they found it easily enough. Combine the fact that the scenes were so neat, other than the effects of time, with the single gunshot to the head and it seems much more like an A-type personality. He’s too neat. At first glance I’d say he’s a serial killer, not so much the sexual predator. What do you think?”
Drebin’s lips pursed in the ghost of a smile. “Your mamma didn’t raise any stupid ones, did she? And the fact that you even put the words sexual and predator together tells me you didn’t sleep through your classes at San Jose State. All right, I need more information to make a detailed profile, but my initial guess would be a 30-45 year old single white male. I’m assuming that since your only identifiable victim is white. You know as well as I do that serials rarely cross race boundaries. I guess the next question is who’s running your crime lab, and how much do you trust them?”
Ashton grimaced and replied, “I pulled the Modesto boys into this last night. They reported this morning and have been handling the crime scene ever since.” He looked at Drebin beseechingly. “I called in the best crime scene folks I knew to contain and analyze the crime scene. What should I do with them?”
Drebin looked thoughtful, then answered, ”I can get a couple of our guys and a van up here discreetly if you want. Then I can fold your crime-scene investigation in with the FBI’s. That should keep it confidential, at least at the beginning.” At Ashton’s nod he picked up the office phone and dialed Modesto.

Chapter Five

Things moved quickly after that. The FBI lab technicians arrived with little fanfare and set up operations in conjunction with the locals in one of the high school science labs. The high school was an ideal command post because of its proximity to the Sheriff’s Office, the absence of students due to summer vacation, and its distance from the main drag. The Sheriff’s Department set up another command center at the town park, removing the media from the immediate area and giving them access to more space and much-needed amenities.
Ashton and his team had soon commandeered most of one of the back buildings, which was conveniently hidden from the view of the press and any locals with more curiosity than sense. Having a supervisor on the school board hadn’t hurt matters at all. 
The duffel bag had yielded one-half million dollars in well-used bills. Speculation among the officers was that it was drug or mob money, in which case it might never be traced. 
Drebin had been walking a very thin line all evening, between keeping this a local investigation or involving the full strength and force of the federal government. He was becoming more and more inclined to swing toward direct involvement, but since it was unclear where the murders had occurred, the Bureau was standing one very short step back.
Joe Whelan had finished the first set of autopsies by four and confirmed his preliminary report. Both Jane Doe Five and Jane Doe Four were females, ages ranging between sixteen and twenty-five. Both had been shot at point-blank range in the center of their foreheads. Jane Doe Five’s body was still largely intact, and he had determined that she had not died of the gunshot wound to the forehead as originally anticipated, but from manual strangulation. Additionally, he had discovered what looked like green silk fibers all over her body, confirming the initial crime scene report. She’d almost certainly been dead four to seven days, but it was hard to tell without the entomology report. He left the worst news for last. He had known her, recognizing the butterfly tattoo she had proudly displayed just before she left town. 
Her name had been Kim Ross and she was a local. The revelation appalled Bill. He had known Kimmie Ross, just as he knew every teenager in this county. He had watched her in annual drama productions at the high school auditorium and seen her swing a bat on the softball diamond. He’d also busted her occasionally at the local teen beer bashes and sent her on her way, home to the welcoming arms of her parents. Katherine and Jim Ross would not see her again.
“Jesus Joe, are you sure? If so, I’d rather have you make the ID. Shit. God damn it man, it seems like just yesterday she was serving me a burger.” He took a deep breath, settled his forehead in one hand, then continued. “What else have you got?”
There had been sexual activity prior to death, but Kimmie seemed to have been treated well before her demise. She had been well fed, and showed no obvious signs of bruising, with the exception of the strangulation marks around her neck. The lab had recovered skin and hair samples from beneath her fingernails, indicating some kind of struggle, but she showed none of the usual signs of rape such as tearing or bruising of the vagina. Some seminal fluid had been recovered, but until the lab broke it down it was impossible to tell if it would be of any use. He asked Bill if he would have any problem if the feds helped to analyze and give a second, third, and fourth set of eyes to each case. Bill, of course, agreed, then asked for the rest.
Jane Doe Four had been left to the elements for much longer, so he was unable to tell if strangulation had been the cause of her death. Similarly, she had been exposed to the elements long enough to degrade any fibers he might have found. His best early estimate was that she’d been out there at least one year and less than five. Until further lab analysis of the crime scene and a detailed report of what each body was lying upon, he wouldn’t speculate any further. 
The final blow to the Sheriff’s already overburdened brain was Whelan’s casual mention of a new piece of evidence. Candle wax in varying colors had been discovered around each body. Even as Ashton wondered how in the hell the crime lab had missed it in the first place, he glanced at the waning afternoon light and decided to wait until morning to do another complete sweep of all of the crime scenes. With a weary voice he asked Whelan to keep at it with the other three bodies.
Turning to his FBI counterpart, he requested the full power of the Bureau in compiling a missing person’s listing for the area over the last ten years. All of them.
* * * *
His drive to the Ross farm was anything but pleasant. Even though Mariposa County was sparsely populated, it seemed that each resident was out on his or her lawn this evening, just waiting for the Sheriff’s shiny white Ford Explorer to drive by. He could feel their eyes burning into the interior of the truck as they asked him, “Why here, and why again?”
At least the last psychopath they'd played host to hadn’t been a damned serial killer, he thought. He had killed as a crime of passion. This guy seemed to be stone cold and know exactly what he was doing. 
He pulled into the long driveway of the ranch house and sat in the truck a moment, preparing himself to perform a duty he despaired of, and one that only he could do. He knew that long before he left theories would be flying as to why he’d visited the Ross ranch, and that none of them would be good. 
* * * *
As he pulled away from the Ross’ the sun was setting on the longest day of his life. 
* * * *
The lights of his own ranch beckoned, promising blessed coolness and a brief respite from the insanity of the day. They’d bedded down the case for the night, opting to have the FBI lab experts begin at sunrise tomorrow rather than battle the unnatural light and shadow of klieg lamps.
He was greeted with the boundless enthusiasm of his Australian shepherd, Boomer, and the plaintive meows of the three ‘barn’ cats demanding to be let into the house for the night. If he’d ever had a soft spot, it was for animals, and the menagerie he’d collected over the years made his ranch an animal shelter in all but name.
The ranch had been passed down to him by his grandfather, Pappy, upon his death at the ripe old age of ninety-three. Bill had never really known his parents; they had both perished in an automobile accident when he was just three. All he could remember were the comfort of his mother’s hands and the bass baritone of his father’s voice. Pappy and Nana, grieving over the loss of their only child, had raised him not as their grandson, but as another beloved son. The loving, totally functional household he’d grown up in had prepared him for his position as the last branch in the Ashton family tree. He took responsibility for living up to the family name and running the spread seriously. 
In addition to what the family had always called the Homestead, a ten-acre lot consisting of the house, barns, paddocks, garages, bunkhouse and guesthouse, the Ashton holdings included outright ownership of ten thousand acres of prime grazing land and a perpetual lease on five thousand more. It made him, by default, one of the biggest ranchers in the area. That and his sterling family name had gotten him elected to his current position as Sheriff more than anything he’d done while wearing a badge in L.A. It had been that family name and the responsibility that went along with it in this county that had brought him home. And shockingly returned him to bachelor status. 
Caitlin had been the center of his world, his one true compass. She had only visited Mariposa once, and from that date on emphatically refused to return to the hills he had called home. 
That aversion to small-town life, even just visiting, seemed almost to be a phobia. Or so he had thought at the time. So he'd humored her, seeing his grandparents in short solo visits dissatisfying to everyone involved…but Caitlin. 
Bill didn’t think of those wasted years often, but when he did it was with a saddened remorse totally unlike his usual good humor. He’d been so taken by her drive, her ambition to be something other than the small town girl she was that he’d missed the inherent streak of cruelty and selfishness running through her. Missed her need to control everything in her environment, and most of all, to control him. Oh sure, he knew she manipulated him with her sweet words and long, searching looks. He'd known it from day one. But he loved her, loved the idea of being married to an exciting, sexy woman.
When the time had come for him to come home, take up the mantle of tradition and family, to uphold and defend a ranching dynasty that stretched back almost a hundred and fifty years, his wife, the love of his life, had laughed. 
If her laugh had held anything but derision for the path he’d chosen for their lives, he might have shrugged it off, found another way to approach her, warm her to the idea. But her laugh had not been kind or even sarcastic. It had been cruel, and the words she’d said after had finished their marriage with the speed and precision of a rusty chainsaw. No man liked being told that the city held more charms than he did. No man liked being valued less than an address.
At least the divorce hadn’t been too messy, he thought with an inward grimace. Pappy's will stated that the ranch couldn’t be touched by anything other than blooded Ashton hands until the last in the family tree perished. Period. 
Bill couldn’t really remember all of the legalese surrounding it, but apparently it had held up in court, and Caitlin had been left to stew and fret over the fact that she had no right to anything except half of their joint holdings. With the judge’s decision still echoing in the courtroom, Bill had retreated to the mountains he’d grown to both love and disdain throughout the turbulent years of his youth and young adulthood.
Like most teenagers, he'd gone through the stages of angst and rebellion that defined adolescence. He'd been contemptuous of his heritage, scoffed at the idea of staying in Mariposa, and been downright abusive to his grandparents. All part of being seventeen in America.
He'd left home two days after his eighteenth birthday, looking for that undeniable something that footloose teenagers seem to see with the clarity of a mystic. He had seen the football scholarship to San Jose State as a godsend, and it had cut his ties to the town that had made him what he was with the finality of a guillotine. It had certainly been a transition, he thought wryly, as he strolled through the lamp lit kitchen and claimed a longneck beer bottle from the icebox. 
And it had propelled him into a direct orbit around one Caitlin Johnson.
College had been good to him, something he took to naturally, and even though he'd participated in his share of extracurricular activities, namely Caitlin, he'd graduated early, getting his bachelor's in three years. He'd signed up with the San Jose Police Department right after graduation and been assigned to the street almost immediately. Those first few years of patrol work had been an education, even in a town as tame as San Jose was in those days. Working toward his master's degree by day and riding shotgun at night, he’d become an ace at getting by on little or no sleep and a complete overload to the brain by the time he was twenty-three. 
He’d headed to Los Angeles with a fresh master’s in hand, a wife looking for something she couldn't or wouldn't name, and a cocky attitude that the first day on the L.A.P.D. had shot right out of him. 
Well, not the L.A.P.D., he corrected himself with a half-smile as he stood on the deep veranda, looking out over the Ashton holdings as they glimmered in the moonlight. It had actually been a gangsta by the name of Little Tommy who’d done the honors and nearly killed him in the process. But that was a remembrance for another day. Today he had too much gunplay on his mind, too many pictures of Kim Ross floating through his head, too many memories of days gone by, lived a lifetime ago. He needed to forget about all of it, if just for tonight. 
He knew he’d be up and about before dawn broke anyway, and he always did his best thinking in the morning. He’d ponder death and destruction and young girls destroyed before their prime by the time the sun birthed a new day. But for right now, all he wanted to do was assume his other career, slide into the role of rancher. Lose himself in the soft low of cattle settling in for the night, the companionable stomp of a horse’s hoof in the paddock, the screech of a barn owl as it prowled the night in search of dinner. He wanted to immerse himself in grain prices, what beef was going for on the hoof, and whether or not his only live-in hand, Jimmy, had begun to restring the back fence line as instructed.
And so he did just that, muting the constant scanning and replay in his brain that made him an outstanding cop and tuning into the rancher that had been bred bone deep and stayed true, no matter how hard he or his wife had tried to citify it out.

The Second Fold

Samantha Henning knew, without even opening her eyes that she was in deep shit. She had awoken in her share of strange places over the course of a lifetime and intuitively knew that something was just WRONG. She didn’t know where she was, and she had no idea how she’d come to be wherever ‘here’ was. She lay completely still, listening for something, anything, and got nothing.
She slowly opened her eyes, furtively glancing around the room without moving her head. Her first impression was green. The walls, the floor, the ceiling. She tilted her head slightly. The only relief from the overwhelming greenness was the spines of hundreds of books in the floor-to-ceiling library to her left. 
She experimentally shifted her hands and feet, finding both free of any binding. With this relative illusion of freedom echoing through her thoughts, she sat up to survey the room that had become her prison. 
Her head throbbed in dull counterpoint to her heartbeat as she scanned the room. Her eyes felt grainy, out of whack, and her muscles had a rubbery looseness she’d never felt before. She knew she should be panicking, racing around the room to look for an escape, or even for evidence of her captor, but she just couldn’t seem to summon the energy. Her mind churned listlessly, refusing to grasp or hold onto any solid thought. All she could do was look around the room; her gaze bouncing off one object before it rebounded and settled on another. 
Even her own change in appearance didn’t make an impact on her. Her clothes had been stripped from her, and she wore a robe of virginal white. Her feet were bare and every piece of jewelry had been removed, including the clip that had held back her honey-blonde hair. 
She shook her head, trying to clear the fuzziness, trying to summon a sense of urgency for what she knew was a dangerous, possibly deadly situation. She concentrated on the only thing that had mattered to her up to this point in her life, herself. As she ran down an internal checklist, she began to salvage the single-minded determination that defined her and made her the woman she had become. She had always been a survivor. She’d taken life’s punches as they were doled out and managed to turn most of them to her advantage in one way or the other. She lifted her head to scan the room, shaking off the initial lethargy and going into autopilot. So far she didn’t see how she could turn much in this room into an advantage. 
There was no door or window she could discern, as her eyes darted, looking for any crack or crevice that would aid her escape. And she knew, without question, that she would need to escape from this place, from this one-room nightmare of forest green everything. 
* * * *
Samantha slowly stood up, bracing her hand on the ornate bedpost. The wall of books called to her, beckoning in a voice she didn’t recognize. She’d never been a bookworm in any sense of the word, and thought, in fact, that those who read were bores, nerds with no other life. But it stood before her nonetheless, and she never ignored that inner voice, because it was invariably right.
The volumes before her ranged the gamut. Her eyes traveled over Raven Grimassi’s “The Wiccan Mysteries” to William Shakespeare’s “A Midsummer Night’s Dream” to the Koran. She put up a hand to brace herself on the built in bookcase, noticing as she did that most of the books were religious in nature, favoring the Wiccan religion above most others. Nonetheless, the hundreds of titles seemed to cover every religion known to man, most, of which she knew nothing about. 
She glanced around the room, really realizing for the first time that the only real furniture in the room was the bed and a comfortable armchair. Off to one corner sat an elaborate decorative screen depicting, in graphic detail, a couple engaging in sex. Beneath the depiction was an arcane symbol, something she couldn't really identify, but recognized deep in her bones. Behind the screen she could see a toilet and sink. She completed her survey of the room, looking down at herself and the white robe she wore. It was more ceremonial gown than robe, she thought aimlessly, experimentally tugging at the voluminous, silky sleeves.
She moved to the chair and tentatively sat on it, taking a deep breath as she did so. Her mind was really beginning to return from its previous Jell-O state, and she knew she had to do some hard thinking. She had never been a wailer or a screamer, and wasn’t about to begin now. 
The possibilities of what might happen to her in the coming hours caromed through her brain like pinballs, bouncing off of each other, sometimes in outright horror. She knew what rape would be like; she had already survived it once. It was the rest of it that was beginning to scare the living shit out of her. Stranger rape took place in dark corners and alleys, rapists didn’t abduct you. Killers did, and this one had obviously been waiting for just the right moment in time before he struck. She didn’t know why she was so sure it was a he, she still couldn’t remember the circumstances surrounding her unwilling incarceration. Just as she was sure it was a he, she was sure that he planned for her life to end in this green room, dressed in her robes of white.
* * * *
Samantha jerked involuntarily, drawing into a protective ball as the man’s low voice came over the hidden PA system.
“Greetings, Mother. I’ve been waiting a lifetime for you.” The silky voice purred. “I know you’re confused, even angry with me, but you must be educated in The Way before your rebirth as Diana. I will wait until you are ready, and then we will join and be reborn.” The PA clicked off and the relaxing sounds of Kitaro filled the room.
Samantha looked around the room wildly, vainly searching for the origin of the voice. She was imagining things. She knew she was. But she wasn’t imagining the music. Or the fact that she was enclosed in what appeared to be the library of a lunatic. She closed her eyes, picturing herself in her apartment in L.A., snorting a nice big line of blow. Her eyes snapped open, and she was still there. So much for the nightmare.
She braced herself and began. “Who are you? What do you want from me?” The mellow pipes of Kitaro met her queries. “Goddamnit, who are you, what the hell do you want from me?”
The smooth voice permeated the air again. “Do not take the Lord’s name in vain. Study the books, they will tell you all you need to know. Have no fear, I will not come to you until you have become educated in The Way and worthy of the consummation.”
Samantha looked to the ceiling and raved, “Well, I don’t want your fucking consummation and you and your books can go straight to hell.”
The elegant voice softly laughed. “I don’t believe in hell, and neither should you. You are the Goddess reborn. Do not bore me with hysterics. Study. Learn what you would be. Then I will come to you.”
Samantha shivered, holding her arms into her body and slowly rocking. She was fucked, literally and figuratively.
* * * *
She is magnificent. I knew from the moment that I saw her that she was the Chosen One. The Goddess would only cloak herself in a strong woman. When will she know, when will that cunning I can see in her eyes change to awareness? When will she realize her freedom lies in education? That our freedom lies within her?
Chapter Six

The Sheriff heard Wiley Goltree’s raised voice before he even entered the room. As usual, the man was pontificating on his favorite subject, those kooks over by the river. It had become almost a weekly ritual in the squad room. 
“I’m telling you now,” the old man screeched, “it’s them damn witches that’s the cause of this. Them over by the river. It ain’t right, them practicin’ that voodoo-hoodoo. They probly sacrificed them girls to the devil.” As he entered Wiley wheeled around to face him. “Sheriff, what are you gonna do ‘bout them damn witches?” Drops of spittle flew from between his few remaining teeth, coating Bill in a fine mist. 
Taking a handkerchief out of his pocket, he quickly wiped at his chin, keeping his eye on the grizzled old goat stooped before him. Wiley was the local doomsayer and the keeper of every hideous thing that had occurred within the county in the last sixty years. He had an opinion on everything from the coming apocalypse to the taxation practices of the state of California, and he made sure everyone knew it. 
Of late his favorite subject had been the Wiccan coven which met for its worship services in one of the old commune houses across the river. His frequent and vehement declarations on the fact that they were teaching the young people of Mariposa the ways of the devil had made him a favorite among the local churchgoers. 
His grandson Stumpy was also one of the Department’s deputies. Bill casually scanned the room, noting that the deputy in question was conspicuously absent.
He replaced his handkerchief, taking a deep mental breath as he did so. “Good morning Wiley. How are you this morning?” Then he stood back and waited for the coming storm.
He was not disappointed. “Sheriff, you’re a good boy and come from a fine family. We ain’t always seen eye to eye on some things, but that’s water under the bridge. What I can’t understand is why you won’t kick those no good witches out on their asses. How many more of our younguns have to be took before you see the light? If you don’t do something right now, I will. I’ll go tell them TV people that them women had candle wax all around them, just like those agents of Satan use. Don’t think I won’t.” With that declaration he turned to the door, smiling a secret smile as the impact of the bombshell he’d dropped began to hit Bill and the other officers in the room.
“Wiley, wait just a damned…” Bill’s response was cut off by the scandalized voice of Gail. He watched in barely disguised glee as his secretary tore into the old man. 
“Wiley Goltree, you ought to be ashamed. I know you’re all aflutter over those folks down by the river, but don’t you dare come in here and threaten the Sheriff like that. If you went to those darn TV people you’d never be able to hold your head up in this county again and you very well know it, so don’t you start tossing around threats in here. Do you hear me?” Wiley nodded, hanging his head as he shuffled to the door. “Wiley Goltree, you look at me.” Wiley turned, looking at Gail with a sheepish expression. Gail looked at him long and hard, then jerked her matronly head in a curt nod. With her approval Wiley pulled open the doors to the outside, and safety.
“Phew, Gail.” Bill swiped imaginary sweat from his brow. “Once again you save our butts. Find Stumpy and tell him that I want to see him in my office in fifteen minutes.“ He began to move toward his office, vacillating between his admiration of Gail and being purely pissed off at Stumpy. Stumpy Goltree was huge pain in the ass. He was one of the few remaining old-school peace officers in Mariposa, and even though he’d only been on the force a year when Bill had come home and pinned on a deputy’s badge, he’d latched onto the old ways with the voracity of a pit bull. He could almost guarantee that Stumpy had been the source of the leak on the candle wax, just as he was sure something would surface on the money before the end of the day was out. The problem was, Stumpy may be a bitter holdout of days gone by, but he’d been educated by the best. He was smart and never left tracks. 
Ruminating over yet another complication, Bill was almost to his inner sanctum, more than ready for his first cup of office coffee when the outer doors opened and his life went even further to hell.
He recognized the deep timbre of her voice from yesterday’s conversation, recognized that touch of arrogance endemic to a military officer, and recognized the undertone of fear. He smoothly pivoted on the heel of his boot and walked to the desk.
He took his first look at Arden Jones and knew he was in a heap of trouble. She was striking. Not beautiful in any conventional sense, but she had a presence about her that you recognized from the get-go and wore like a shield. Her long, lean body fairly screamed tension, and he could almost feel it radiating off her in waves. Ash blonde hair was swept up in a ruthless military-style twist, and even though she wasn’t in uniform, Bill doubted anyone would mistake her for anything but a take-charge person. What makeup she did have on was tasteful and discreet and the navy blue suit she wore radiated quiet authority and a no-shit attitude. The only thing that saved her from looking like a full-on bitch was the genuine distress in and around her changeable hazel eyes and full, bottom-heavy mouth.
That first, all encompassing look cemented her image in his mind, and he had the distinct impression he wouldn’t be shaking it loose anytime soon. He’d been a choosy man most of his life, and right now the mix of iron maiden and distressed female that Arden Jones projected looked entirely too intriguing for his peace of mind. That and the fact that he’d always liked tall women. It was probably a good thing for both of them that she was married. He could feel his body’s response to her as clearly as his mind’s.
“Ma’am, I’m Sheriff Ashton, we spoke on the phone yesterday. Why don’t you come on back to my office? Gail, can you get Captain Jones some coffee or tea?” He tilted his head slightly to one side, questioning her preference.
“Um, coffee please, black.” She tried not to stare at the broad back preceding her. Her first thought was, wow, the cowboy sheriff lives. 
He filled the space around him, seeming to touch everyone and everything at once without even moving. It was intimidating and soothing at the same time, and, oddly enough, it made her feel safe. 
Arden was surprised that a man in his thirties would hold such a powerful position, even in a town as small as this one. He moved with a graceful solidity she hadn’t seen since her technical instructors at basic training. It was almost catlike, and told any interested observer that the Sheriff could and would take care of business with a minimum of fuss. 
And that voice, it rumbled and tumbled through her like thunder coming, flipping on every nerve ending in her body. 
Her thoughts were immediately colored by chagrin. I’m looking at this guy’s butt when I should be worried about my sister. What the hell am I thinking, Arden chastised herself. She might not have seen Samantha in years, but she was still her sister.
She took the seat he politely held out to her, then looked slowly around his office while he took his own. The place was a disaster area. Arden inwardly cringed. The Sheriff may be a hunk, but how could he effectively investigate any crime in this jumble? Even the coat rack occupying one corner of the office looked chaotic, a seething mass of ball caps, cowboy hats, and windbreakers hanging on by one desperate arm. Muffled country-western music issued from one of the piles, but there were so many she couldn't quite pinpoint the source. Her circuit of the room completed as Gail brought both of them coffee then closed the door behind her. The Sheriff was looking at her with amusement dancing in his eyes. 
“Really, I know where everything is.” Then he laced his fingers together, leaning forward on his desk. His eyes focused on her, refreshed her, made her feel like the only person in the whole world. That kind of intensity and presence was comforting, unnerving and more than a little compelling.
“Captain Jones,” he began earnestly, “I really don’t know what else I can tell you that we didn’t speak of on the telephone yesterday. I realize this involves your sister, but I don’t think there’s much you can do here. We have no real evidence of foul play, just a sports bag and her cell phone. Our garage even diagnosed the breakdown as a matter of circumstance."
Arden dropped her eyes to her lap and rolled the Styrofoam coffee cup between her palms, warming her clammy hands. Taking a deep mental breath, she looked up back up, capturing his gaze. “Listen, Sheriff Ashton, right?” At his nod she continued, “I haven’t seen Samantha in over fifteen years, since before I joined the military. While I’ve never kept my whereabouts secret, we certainly weren’t in contact when my car was stolen. The fact that Samantha’s name even enters in this confuses me and worries me. She wouldn’t have hesitated to contact me if she needed something.”
Ashton looked at her thoughtfully, leaning back in the creaky office chair. “Tell me something, Captain Jones. If you haven’t seen your sister in fifteen years, what makes you so sure she’d come to see you? It doesn’t sound like the two of you have a particularly close relationship.”
His query, while fair, shook her nonetheless. “Good question.” She began, wondering how to even begin to paraphrase her on-again, off-again relationship with Sam. “I’ve been bailing Samantha out of trouble for what seems like forever. After we graduated from high school she went her way and I went mine.” 
Arden paused, nervously blowing her bangs off of her forehead with a quick burst of breath. “I hear from her whenever she decides to surface. The last time she found me overseas. She needed cash and needed it fast. I wired it to her somewhere in Dallas and haven’t seen or heard from her since. That was three, maybe four years ago. 
“Bottom line, Sheriff, my sister is a user, and she wouldn’t have missed the opportunity to hit me up for something besides my car.” The voice she delivered her speech in was hollow, missing even the basest emotion. What she didn’t know was that her eyes said it all, conveying embarrassment, confusion, and most of all, hurt. “I heard on the radio that you’ve got a serial killer on the loose. Could this connect to Samantha in any way?”
More than a little curious, he answered candidly. “To be honest with you, I don’t know. The discovery of your car and the circumstances surrounding it are certainly unusual. With what you’ve just told me, who knows? We’ll definitely be on the lookout for your sister though. I don’t suppose you brought a picture with you, did you?” He asked hopefully.
“I brought one, but I don’t know how much good it will do you. Like I said, I haven’t seen her in years, so I don’t know how accurate this one is. I only got this one when my folks passed away, they saw her more than I did." She passed him one of those Glamour Shots that usually looked nothing like the person in question. He looked down at it, struck by the similarity between the two sisters. He could also see, even in this enhanced photo, that Samantha Henning had possessed that indefinable quality that made her something special, made her one of those women men would do just about anything for. He couldn’t really picture the woman looking up at him begging for money from her sister. No, she would demand it. 
He was surprised that Captain Arden Jones gave it to her. He glanced up and saw Arden looking at him with a sad smile in her eyes. “She’s beautiful, isn’t she? She always has been.”
Bill carefully put the picture down, framing it between his hands and thought of the best way to answer. “Yes, she is. But if you don’t mind my saying, she’s also got that look that says ‘I could chew you up and spit you out.’ I was on LAPD long enough to see that look, that attitude on a hundred different women. Did you know your sister’s telephone was registered to an address in Hollywood?” 
Arden couldn’t disguise the surprise that flickered through her eyes, just as she couldn’t control the mask that descended mere seconds later. She’d been doing it for far too long. 
“No, I didn’t. Maybe I misjudged Samantha. She knew I was in L.A., and she knew I worked with entertainment types in my job. I’m surprised she didn’t show up the day I transferred in.” She looked down at her hands, grimacing at the way they compulsively clutched at the coffee cup. Enough of this. She looked back up at him, her back straightening. “Well, Sheriff, I guess that’s neither here nor there, is it? What else can you tell me? Can I turn my rental in and collect my car or is it still impounded?”
Ashton shrugged, squirming a little in his chair. “I’m sorry you came all the way up here from L.A. for nothing, Captain Jones. I’m afraid we’ll need to keep your car for at least another day just to have the lab go over it. Then I can release it, but it’ll still need to be repaired. The folks down at the Chevron station said it blew a radiator hose.” He shifted again, uncomfortable with what he was about to say.
“I’m sure you’re concerned about your sister, but as I said before, we found absolutely nothing that would indicate any foul play with the exception of the discovery of her cell phone and the sports bag.” He’d always been a terrible liar, but he just wasn’t ready to broach the subject of the money, at least not yet. 
“We can take a missing person’s report and investigate, but to be honest with you, most of my deputies are committed to this murder investigation. Unless we get more to go on within the next 72 hours or so, I don’t know what to tell you. We can post her picture on our website and make up some posters, but that’s about it for now. I’ll have one of our guys do a canvass of that neighborhood this afternoon, see if anyone saw anything, all right?” At her bemused nod he shifted gears.
“Do you have somewhere to stay for now, or would you like to head back up from the Southland in a few days? Your car should be ready by Friday at the latest. Maybe you and your husband could see the Park or something in the meanwhile.” 
Arden’s laugh was harsh, bitter, totally at odds with the personality she’d displayed thus far. “Ah, no. I’ll stay here until I can get my car back and figure out where the hell my sister is. My ex is in Korea right now, so he won’t be joining me. Any recommendations on a place to stay away from the maddening crowd?” she asked, referring to the press.
“Sorry,” said the Sheriff crisply, all business now. “Didn’t mean to hit a sore spot. I just assumed you were married when you mentioned that Henning was your maiden name. As for a place to stay, you might try the Maple Street Inn. It’s a bed and breakfast far enough from the highway that the press probably hasn’t caught on to it yet.”
And so their conversation degenerated into the banalities that pass between a law enforcement officer and a crime victim. But as they conducted their business across the top of the battered, cluttered old desk, each felt a niggling sensation in the back of their minds. Bill dismissed it as something he might have missed in the investigation. Arden chalked it up to being tired and bitchy. Whatever it was, both of them were feeling it, and continued to feel it as he left to talk to the FBI and she checked into her hotel room.

The Third Fold

So, she has finally begun the process. I’m pleased she chose Grimassi’s book, it has been my inspiration. Fort Hood seems so long ago and far away. How cynical and young I was then. When I first attended a coven meeting I thought they were all frauds. How wrong I was. They never knew how close to the real truth they were. If only they had researched their history a little more, learned the true meaning behind The Sun, The Moon. If only they’d applied the lessons of the Egyptians and the Aztecs, the value of blood let in the name of God, they could have been my first disciples. Instead I am alone. Alone and living the only true religion. My religion. The Way.

Samantha knew he was watching her. She could feel his eyes on her as she sat pretending to read the hocus-pocus, “nature is love” drivel she was holding. Who believes this shit? Well, obviously he did, and that really frightened her. The fact that the bookcase held such a broad base of religion was extraordinary as well. She, who had grown up in a liberal Lutheran home, hadn’t heard of half of the religions represented, and couldn’t tell you what the ones she did recognize believed in. She and her secular education had parted ways when she turned sixteen, and she’d never looked back. In retrospect, she thought dryly, that might have been a bad choice. 
She was glad she could look at this whole situation with a little detachment, because she knew that was what she’d need to get out of here alive. Allowing terror or any emotion at all, to dictate her moves would surely get her killed sooner rather than later. She was a survivor, and would apply the skills she’d learned on the streets of L.A. to keep her alive from one day to the next. She fleetingly thought of Arden, and that maybe the police would find her car and contact her. But no, her captor wouldn’t have overlooked such an obvious clue to authorities. From what little she'd seen, he was too smart, too methodical in his approach.
She could certainly appreciate, even as a victim, the elaborate measures he had gone through to make her prison comfortable and soothing. People paid big bucks to have lighting and sound systems like this one installed. The coupe de grace was the food delivery system. 
That little nugget had dashed any hopes she had had of overpowering or outsmarting her captor in a one-on-one meeting. It was an ingenious dumbwaiter, computerized, of course, which reminded her of the gizmo used in a drive through bank teller. The ‘server’ would pop out of the wall, and as it did, a metal plate would drop in back, preventing her from even seeing what was behind the wall. When she was finished, she placed her dirty dishes into the server, and it disappeared into the wall. It, like the door she had discovered her first day here, was virtually seamless, and offered no means of escape.
She knew a kind of lethargy was settling over her in general, and knew exactly where it came from. Good as his word, she had never seen her captor, except perhaps in those initial moments of her abduction, and had heard from him only on that first day. She still couldn’t remember anything from that time, and doubted she ever would. So she pretended to read the Wiccan claptrap, because she knew it would make him happy, and therefore maybe, just a little, complacent. She wanted him to be pleased with her when they finally met, so he would have no reason to suspect that she was ready to claw his fucking eyes out at the first opportunity.

I know exactly what she is thinking. Haven’t I made the study of human nature my life’s work? Does she really think she’s fooling me with this transparent show of obedience? This only makes me surer she is the Chosen One. When she ascends with me, the world is ours.

Chapter Seven

The Maple Street Inn was quiet, quaint and hideously expensive. Apparently the reporters had taken every other room in town. Well, at least she got a killer, no pun intended, breakfast in the morning. 
So here she sat in her nicely appointed room at ten in the morning, not quite sure of what to do, but knowing that planting her ass on the chair in the sitting room wasn’t going to get her any closer to finding Samantha. If she was really even missing. Arden had tried calling the number in Hollywood that Sheriff Ashton had provided her, but all she got was an answering machine.
Sam's husky sex-goddess voice rippled over her, reminding her of times past, both good and bad. She left a short message, telling Sam she was looking for her, and how to reach her in Mariposa. 
Samantha. When was the last time she had even entered Arden’s mind? It was almost like an anniversary, getting those calls in need of money. It had been her only contact with the one person in the world who should have been closest to her, her sister. It seemed like she was always there for Sam, but the reverse was never true. 
Where had Sam been when her life went to shit, when she’d found out Tom had been cheating on her? Where had Sam been when she’d actually survived basic training as an enlisted troop, then five years later when she’d earned her degree and become an officer? Had she been there to revel in Arden’s triumph? No. Instead, she’d called, not six months later, looking for money for an abortion. Arden remembered asking herself even then if she cared enough to delve deeper and came up with a most dissatisfying answer. No. So she sent her a check and went on with her life.
Arden had never really figured out why she sent the checks and the money orders and the wire transfers. She did know that guilt was part of it. Building a nice, steady life where she was liked and respected had always been important to her. Even her marriage had been a concession to that. It had been a pleasant, quiet and safe union.
Someone as volatile as Sam would only wreak havoc in her carefully constructed life. And, she acknowledged to herself, there was always that quiet little voice in the back of her head that said that Sam was her sister and she wanted to see her succeed. She knew it was a foolish and naïve hope. People like Samantha never changed, they just used up people as fast as they could until family was all they had left.
Suddenly fidgety, Arden surged out of her seat, admiring the simple, clean lines of the décor, restlessly running her fingers along the nubby surface of the top of the fainting couch, across the pure softness of the down comforter, down the silky smooth finish of the intricate oak dresser. She’d always been a fan of Southwestern decorating, but she’d never seen it done so well, so elegantly. The colors and shapes and even the wallpaper flowed to soothe, to relax. 
As much as she tried to embrace that feeling of comfort, to let it slide into her mind and ease away her worries, it did no good. Her mind kept returning to Samantha.
They had always been polar opposites. She’d been the good student, the good daughter, while Sam had run amok throughout her formative years. And run amok wasn’t even a good description of the terror Samantha had wrought in her late teens. Police visits to their nice suburban house had been frequent; the drugs found in her possession almost a weekly occurrence. Their parents had been puzzled. How could two girls raised in exactly the same loving, nurturing environment turn out so differently? Arden had her own take on the situation. 
Sometimes shit just happened. God, or whoever was responsible for putting together the DNA that makes each person, sometimes just forgets to hit that one switch. The one switch that makes the middle-class, law-abiding suburbanite happy with their lot in life. That switch, which, when left ‘unflipped,’ seemed to absolve the concerned party of any moral or just obligation to the rest of the human race. And Samantha’s switch had obviously never been hit. 
Arden balled her fists against the elegant needlework of the sitting room chair in unconscious anger. What the hell was wrong with her? She’d never been one to sit back, waiting for life to come to her, she’d always reached out and grabbed it by the throat. So why was she sitting in her pleasant prison, waiting for the cowboy sheriff to make an appearance, or grace her with a phone call? She knew why. It was Samantha. 
Anytime she felt less than what she really was, Samantha was the root of it. She had always been the pretty one, the popular one, while Arden faded back into the shadows. Samantha’s short tenure on the cheerleading squad had totally eclipsed Arden’s four years of involvement in student council, her years of charity work in the community. Maybe not to their parents, no, but to each and every boy that attended their mid-size Oklahoma high school, Samantha had always been the first choice, Arden a distant second. 
So now here she was fifteen years later and apparently not one whit smarter, at least when it came to her sister. Samantha was missing, for Christ’s sake, but she still felt like a pale shadow of the glory that was Sam. You would think basic training and Officer Training School would have washed away any and all indecision about who and what she was, she thought wryly. And it had, at least when it concerned anything other than her family life. 
Shit, she cursed under her breath, no more sitting around like a lump. I’m going to go out and make something happen, one way or the other, and Sheriff Bill Ashton is going to be the man to help me.
* * * *
If the Sheriff had even begun to glimpse the wheels turning inside Arden Jones’ head, he would have started running for the hills and never stopped. As it was, he was going over every painful detail of this case with Special Agent Drebin, reliving each moment of the search, and reviewing every piece of evidence the crime scene had yielded to this point. There wasn’t a whole hell of a lot. 
The Modesto crime lab specialists had thoroughly combed each crime scene over the course of the day yesterday, taking photographs and any evidence in clear sight, but leaving everything else for the FBI lab technicians who had arrived late last night.
Even though the sun had been up for over three hours now, both men had decided to let the experts do their job unencumbered by amateur questions, so they reviewed the information the first team from Modesto had compiled.
Kimmie Ross’ body had yielded liberally scattered green silk fibers. The other bodies were skeletons in all actuality, so finding fiber fragments on the ground around them would be a miracle on the scale of the Fatima visitation. 
Each victim had been positioned in a south-north configuration. In the southwest corner of the Ross circle, right next to the victim’s left ear, a small wreath of wilted lavender was discovered, almost hidden by fallen buck brush leaves. Searchers had been unable to find additional wreaths at the other sites, but that was probably due to the fact that they had been exposed to the elements for a lengthy amount of time and had naturally degraded. 
Whelan’s ad hoc report on the discovery of candle wax was confirmed. At five equidistant points around the circle red and yellow candles had been used, with blue, red, gold and green placed precisely at the four points of the compass.
Left with this information, Ashton and Drebin now sat alone, with piles of paper surrounding them on the conference room table in the high school library. Off to one side of the table sat a stack of files neither of them wanted to look at. It contained every missing person’s report, correction, and every missing female’s report for the last ten years within Mariposa and the surrounding counties. The pile was depressingly high. While Bill wanted to look at each and every one personally, he knew it would be an exercise in futility. He could not, and would not, divide his attention between overseeing this case and getting down in the weeds with details. He made an on-the-spot decision to have Sergeant Doug Brewster, his most trusted protégé, head up the missing person’s investigation. With that decision made he was ready to move on to other things.
There was something there, just hitting at the back of his consciousness, something his tired brain just could not or would not pinpoint. Turning to Agent Drebin and reaching for his second cup of coffee of the day he asked, “So, where do we go from here?”
Drebin looked up, the strain of the past day showing on his expressive features. He’d been through dozens of these crime scenes and investigations, and they always hit him like a punch in the gut. Criminal profiling probably was not the best career choice for a man as attuned to human suffering as he, but it was one of the most rewarding things in his life, and the puzzle of actually putting together a human psyche was just too compelling to ignore. He knew what Ashton was asking, and knew that he wasn’t going to like the answer. Waiting was seldom the favorite pastime of cops, yet they seemed to do so much of it. 
He snaked a long arm down the table, pouring a cup of coffee before answering. “Our top priority is going to be IDing those bodies. I need to know as much about the victims as possible to construct a profile. I know we’ve already established that he’s a single white male, 30-45 years old. But given the new crime scene elements, namely the candle wax and the cause of death, I have to revise my original opinion. If each of these women was strangled, then shot, then we’re beyond the scope of the ‘normal’ serial killer.” 
He saw, actually saw, the light go on above the sheriff’s head. “What.” It was not a question, but a demand.
“Shit. Things moved so fast this morning that I didn’t even catch it. One of our local oldsters came in here this morning threatening to go to the press about the candle wax. His grandson is one of our deputies, and a total ass to boot, so I expect that information to be common knowledge by nightfall, but I’ll deal with that later.” He stated, waving a hand as if to swat away an errant fly. 
“Anyway, when he was here, he was ranting and raving about the Wiccan coven that meets up the river. He was babbling about how these women had been sacrificed to the devil by this coven. It just clicked. The wax and its location are almost a perfect match for a Wiccan ceremonial circle and pentagram.” He ran an agitated hand through his hair, glancing up at the agent. “Don’t look at me like that, Drebin, I took Alternative Religions as an elective, OK? “ 
Drebin sat back in his chair and watched as an impressive display of recollections flitted across the big cowboy’s face. “The dates, oh crap, the dates match almost exactly too. And the lavender, it means something, but I don’t remember what. OK, I’ll get Doug to bring Josie back here to the command post, quietly, so we can question her. When the locals or press get wind of this the shit will hit the fan. Umm, I’ll also need to get some info from San Jose State messengered in on the religion as a whole. Damn it, that’s it.” He glanced at Drebin, the wheels inside his head turning at something approaching the speed of sound. “What?”
Special Agent Frank Drebin leaned forward in his chair and smiled, dangerously. “Sheriff, I cannot wait to see you interrogate a suspect. It’s going to be one of the finest days of my life.”
* * * *
Arden sat resolutely in the hard plastic chair of the public library, scanning the local weekly paper, The Dispatch. All fourteen pages of it. Damn, she thought, this is a small town. The incidents the paper carried mostly concerned cows getting loose and kids playing pranks. As she reviewed older issues, she noted that the absence of action covered in last week’s paper was hardly an anomaly. This was the type of town where the only war waged was between Seats Five and Six on the County Supervisor’s Board. What in the hell was her sister doing in a hokey little place like this? And, now that she had some time to think about it, what was so damned important about the sports bag they’d found in her car? And why did they need to keep her car through Friday? It didn’t make any sense.
She mentally started a file in her head…all of the questions she would ask the good sheriff when she saw him next. Which, if she had her way, would be in the next hour. Cupping her hands around the small of her back she stretched then resumed her research.

Chapter Eight

Josie Galloway did not like cops. Never had and never would. It was rather ironic, given her past career choices. Nevertheless, here she sat, strapped into the front seat of a vintage GTO, wondering what in the hell Sergeant Doug Brewster wanted. She studied him furtively, glancing at him out of the side of her eyes. He looked uncomfortable with something, but she didn’t think it was with her, they’d known each other for far too long. They drove into town silently, taking the back route to the Sheriff’s Department, then curving, to her surprise, back up the hill behind the high school. She looked up at him questioningly, then hardened her expression as he shrugged his shoulders and pointed to the door of the library.
Squaring her shoulders as if against some unseen attacker, she entered and found Sheriff Bill Ashton holding a cup of coffee and leaning back in a wooden chair with his booted feet up on a long oak conference table. He just looked at her for a moment, then smiled a lazy smile and motioned for her to be seated. She glanced over her shoulder for a look at the taciturn deputy, but he had disappeared as silently as he’d appeared that morning. Nodding her head hard enough to set the long, colorful spangles at her ears swinging, she sat down in the indicated chair.
Josie Galloway was a gypsy. There was no other way to describe her. She was all dark hair and flashing eyes, with pouty red lips and a lush figure. She ran a curiosity shop frequented by tourists and the occasional Yosemite employee. She was also the High Priestess of the Wiccan coven. They had dealt with each other before, Bill and Josie. And while she always felt she’d been treated fairly, Josie never stopped waiting for the other shoe to drop. It looked like today was that day.
Bill studied her for a moment. She just looked back at him with that stare that seemed to say ‘I know exactly what you’re thinking.’ And she probably did, he thought with a wry, inward smile. To be honest, when he’d returned to Mariposa he’d thought that the little coven was nothing more than a tax dodge of some sort. That was until he met Josie for the first time. After all, he’d studied the Wiccans in college and knew their background. A bunch of druid tree-huggers dabbling in white magick.
The house the coven chose to meet in was a rambling but ramshackle colonial affair that someone within the group had purchased for a song. It was situated across the broad expanse of the Merced River and could only be reached by the narrow footbridge that swung precariously over the churning waters. There were no neighbors, and the main artery to Yosemite, Highway 140, whizzed past on the opposite bank. In past lives it had been a private home, a colony for artists, and more recently, a worship place of the B’nai B’rith faith.
Growing up in Mariposa, Bill thought he’d seen it all when it came to that house, but he’d been wrong. He’d just returned to his hometown and was assigned as a deputy to routine patrol duty. The call had been for disturbing the peace. When he realized what address he was being dispatched to, he knew it was trouble. When he reached the remote site he saw that the disturbing the peace call had not been about the witches, as he’d first assumed. Instead, it concerned approximately 50 protesters parading up and down the highway, congesting traffic and generally being nuisances. And leading them all was none other than Wiley Goltree.
He remembered how Josie had come across that bridge like thunder down the mountain once she’d seen she had backup. He smiled as he remembered the horror on Goltree’s face when she’d threatened to turn him into a tree frog if he didn’t leave them alone. Apparently her threat and the armed deputy at her side had dissuaded the protesters enough to disperse, but the talk that began that day had only enhanced the Wiccan’s inherent weirdness in a town primarily inhabited by ranchers and retailers. 
Yet somehow, Josie had ingrained herself into the community, building almost a network of sorts. He had no idea how she’d established herself with the respectable, God-fearing businessmen and women of the community, but establish herself she had.
Shifting his mind from the past to the present, he focused on Josie again. He knew enough about her and her coven to know, deep in his bones, that they had nothing to do with the events of the last three days. Nevertheless, he still had to consider her a suspect, and had no problem pumping her for any and all information he possibly could. Dropping his feet to the tired linoleum, he leaned his tanned, muscular forearms on the table and spoke forthrightly.
“You’ve heard what we found, haven’t you?” At her nod he continued. “Shit, you probably knew before we did, with the contacts you have. Exactly what have you heard?”
“Blessed be and merry meet, Bill Ashton." Josie began in traditional Wiccan fashion, then addressed the matter at hand with humor. 
"Sheriff, all I’ve heard since nine a.m. this morning is that I’m going to Hell. Apparently my wild-eyed witches and I burned ten young women at the stake, performing lesbian rituals all the while. At least according to the folks over at the Sugar Pine that is. Of course, I question the sanity of anyone who can consume that much grease and live to eat another day.” She could tell her frivolity wasn’t getting her anywhere with the Sheriff and sighed. 
“All right. I hear you’ve got five dead girls, candle wax and green silk fibers.” She heard a muffled curse in an adjacent room and swung her head toward it. “FBI?” At Bill’s nod she continued. “Agent, you can stay back there if you want, but it’ll be easier on all of us if you come out.” 
Drebin walked slowly into the room, shaking his massive head. “Well ma’am, if I had any doubt before, I certainly don’t now. You really are a witch.” He pursed his lips in a wry smile. “If I may?” He indicated to a chair across the table from her and kitty-corner to the Sheriff.
Josie regally nodded hear head, then continued after he’d taken his seat. “I know there is no way I can attest to my whereabouts for any of these murders. I don’t think anyone can, unless they’ve been out of the county for the last five years. What I can tell you is that neither I nor anyone in my coven had anything to do with this. We practice white magick only, and conform strictly to the Wiccan rede: An it harm none, do what you will. Are you familiar with that, Agent? Boiled down, it means that you can do anything you want, as long as no one else is harmed by it.” She smiled prettily, knowing that each of the men was dismissing her as a crackpot in their minds.
“A pretty solid way to look at life, isn’t it? As a religion, at least we’ve got that going for us. We also believe that whatever you do comes back to you threefold. That means both good and bad actions. In my coven, we practice only white magick, because when you practice the bad kind and it comes back at you, look out. From what I’ve heard so far through the rumor mill, it does look like there’s someone out there that’s gone his or her own way.”
Josie placed her arms on the table, leaning forward to look at each of the men. “I’m assuming you think this guy’s doing more than just dabbling, otherwise I wouldn’t be here. I’m also assuming you think it is a man, or I’d be under suspicion and not sitting in this room. If this guy is for real, I have one very important question to ask, and you need to be up front about it. I promise not to tell anyone, and I mean anyone. Can we agree to that?” Each man warily nodded. “How was the pentagram aligned with the victim’s head? Was the point framing their head or their feet?”
She watched as the two men exchanged a long glance, then Drebin gave an almost imperceptible nod. Bill nodded back, shifting back in his chair to get more comfortable. If Drebin was okay with this, then he was going to go with his gut and bring Josie in on this, at least a little bit. “From what we can tell, the wax itself was in a circular shape, with larger red and gold candles placed at each point of the pentagram. The tip framed each victim’s head.”
“OK,” Josie bobbed her head in time with an unheard beat, thinking. “This guy is practicing white magick then. How were the bodies positioned?”
Again, the two men exchanged a quick glance, brief but loaded with meaning. This time it was Drebin who answered. “They were aligned north to south. Why? Does that have some significance?”
“Oh yes.” Josie nodded vigorously, looking a little puzzled. “Funny, though, given the time of year I thought he might use a south-north configuration.”
Bill already knew the answer, but asked the question anyway. “Why?”
“Because it’s Litha, Midsummer to a layman. The sun is in the southern quadrant, the moon in the north. Any ceremonial circle at this time of year is positioned south-north. It’s just the way it’s done. The candle color is consistent with a Litha ritual as well. I’m going to need to do some research on this. When will my background check be complete enough for full disclosure?” The expression on Drebin’s face was priceless. 
“What?” she laughed, amusement ripe in her eyes. “Do you think I’ve always sold overpriced crystals to tourists and stoners? Hardly. I was a paralegal in Vegas for ten years. I know how this works, and I’ve seen the other side of it a hundred times. That doesn’t mean I ever grew to like it. So check away Agent, you’ll find my credentials impeccable. Then maybe I can help you out here.”

Chapter Nine

Arden knew that the Sheriff’s Department, or any police agency for that matter, wasn’t supposed to divulge information to family members or the press, but this was getting ridiculous. She’d been cooling her heels in the waiting room for the last two hours, with nothing to show but a brief glimpse of the Sheriff as he’d walked next to an enormous black guy. After looking at the racial composition of this county, she seriously doubted he was on the Sheriff’s Department. Equal Opportunity did not even seem to be an issue here. Thinking about it, she guessed you had to have a black community in order to implement such a program.
The squadroom was singularly uninspiring, and the lack of any police action whatsoever reinforced her impression that Mariposa was ordinarily a very quiet, almost dull town. She’d seen one teenager booked on reckless driving charges and a full-scale paper plane dogfight between two deputies who didn’t think anyone was looking. The robust, matronly secretary seemed to be the only one who kept busy, and her constant stream of visitors and telephone calls defined her as the person who really ran the office, badge or no. At the end of those two hours, Arden probably knew more about the state of affairs in Mariposa than the local paper. 
It was amusing simply because the woman never even opened her mouth except to say hello. In the tradition of a good barkeep or psychiatrist, she just listened. Arden could tell, with her trained reporter’s eye that each bit of information was filed away for later use.
After awhile, even Gail’s indisputable rule of the town became old hat. Pushing away the aimless thoughts churning through her head, distracting her from what was really bothering her, Arden faced the stressor she’d been trying so hard to avoid. Her patience level had never been particularly high, and the only thing holding it in check right now was her steadfast insistence in maintaining a professional image. After all, she was an officer in the United States Air Force, and she took pride in that appointment. She would do nothing impulsive to fracture that honor.
She had to laugh a little at herself. She was and always had been one of those goofy patriots, hence her enlistment in the military. She’d never lost that urge to holler in joy as the last strains of the National Anthem played, and she still got a tear in her eye whenever she heard Lee Greenwood’s “God Bless the USA.” She was hopelessly old-fashioned.
Just sitting there doing nothing was making her butt sore, so she decided to take a short walk to stretch her legs and kill some time. The roiling heat outside the double glass doors hit her like a blast furnace. Pulling out her cell phone, she dialed her office, asking for her supervisor, Major Allen. She apprised him of the situation, letting him know she would be taking the two weeks of emergency leave they had discussed, then asked for one favor. Five minutes later she was assured her private laptop would be secured from her home and Fed Ex’d to her by noon tomorrow. With that matter taken care of she rounded the corner just in time to see the Sheriff and his protégé climb into a Sheriff’s Department Blazer. Shit. There was no way she could catch them.
Stymied by a lack of options and goaded by a growling stomach, she decided her best course of action would be to get some food, preferably the hot, greasy comfort food which could only be found in the town’s most disreputable diner. Fortunately, the kind of establishment she had in mind was directly across the street from her bed and breakfast.
* * * *
The food in the Sugar Pine was hot, greasy, and deliciously fattening. She hadn’t eaten gravy on everything since her childhood in Oklahoma. The décor was exactly what you would expect in a diner. Faded black and white linoleum, plastic covered booths and chairs in that odd speckly-gold color that was popular in the 70s, and off-white walls. A montage of Yosemite posters covered one wall, a nod to the few tourists who found their way into this neighborhood haven. Even the grill cook was stereotypical, a large balding man in a white tee shirt who bellowed out orders in a voice capable of scouring pans.
As she tore into what the locals endearingly called a ‘garbage’ omelet, she listened to the conversations going on at the counter, where several of the town’s old timers were getting their daily helping of gossip along with a cup of truly excellent coffee. Sipping the unexpected ambrosia, she heard every topic from the upcoming county elections to the unseasonably hot weather discussed. But center to each conversation in the room was the subject of murder. Included was the Wiccan coven’s almost certain involvement in the gruesome deaths. 
Arden listened, putting each tidbit into it’s own place, it’s own category in her whirling mind. She drummed her fingers on the table, searching back through her memory, looking for the information she knew was there. Yeah, Fort Hood a couple years ago, in the late 90s, she thought. She remembered that a pretty big stink had hit the base when the local paper had shown a picture of a high-ranking officer participating in a Wiccan ceremony. Hmmm. She needed to go back to the library and have another look at The Dispatch. And maybe get a little Internet access before her computer arrived in the morning, if for no other reason than to sever the connection her mind was beginning to make between Samantha and the five dead girls.
The next time she saw the Sheriff she wanted to be armed, both literally and figuratively, with the ammunition to get answers.
* * * *
And so the day slid into afternoon, then finally early evening. Doug Brewster was hip deep in missing person’s reports, Josie Galloway was trying to figure out if someone within her trusted circle could possibly be a murderer, and Frank Drebin was on the telephone, grounding himself in the loving voice of his wife. 
After spending the last two hours at the library, Arden decided that the best possible way to work off both lunch and her burgeoning stress level was to take a nice, cathartic run. The owner of the bed and breakfast was kind enough to tell her of the running track at the top of the hill behind the high school, only a few blocks away. Arden couldn’t help but grin at the look of complete bafflement on the proprietor’s face when she’d asked about a safe place to go running. She couldn’t decide if it was because she’d actually decided to exercise, or if it was because everyone seemed so safe in this town. Or at least they had until recently. 
Lacing up her Nike’s, she stretched and set out at an easy lope. As she climbed the hill behind the high school, the little town dropped dramatically behind her in the golden evening light. It was quite picturesque, she thought, pacing herself against the steep incline. The little county courthouse was quaint and ‘the oldest West of the Mississippi,’ or so the paper claimed. 
Even though the sun was beginning to dip behind the horizon, the heat was still thick, almost a living being. By the time Arden reached the top of the hill she was already drenched in sweat. Stopping to take a breath, she surveyed the terrace built into the side of the mountain. The track was enormous, fully encompassing two soccer fields and had to be at least half a mile around. At the far end of the track another intrepid runner was pacing the circuitous route. Not feeling particularly hospitable, Arden decided to strike out now, drifting immediately to that serene place that outdoor runners, joggers, and walkers inhabit as soon as they take that first stride. Her mind cleared almost magically as she set her attention to putting one foot in front of the other, setting her pace. As she stretched out her long legs, her eyes ate up the scenery, touching on the golden hillsides rising even higher than her present location. They were dotted with magnificent oaks and some sort of scraggly, anemic looking pine tree. 
As she ran, the rhythm of the march filled her mind, making her jog a simple, soothing thing. She didn’t think about her sister’s disappearance, or her car, or the fact that her perverted mind kept returning to the way the Sheriff filled out his Wrangler’s. She ran for the sheer joy of running. As she completed her fifth lap, she noticed her fellow runner sitting on the bleachers, taking a breather. Even though he surely couldn’t see her, she dipped her head in the unconscious salute shared by runners throughout the world. Deciding that this lap would be her last, she turned it on, burning off the last of the hash browns and biscuits with gravy, sprinting down the final 100 yards of track, then slowing down to a fast walk for a one-lap cool-down. This lap was for thinking. 
Why was she so sure that Samantha had something to do with these murders? Shit, she couldn’t even find Samantha, let alone confirm or deny that she was missing. Throwing her arms in big circles, she continued her brisk walk. There was just something, she conceded. It felt right. She really couldn’t see Samantha missing the chance to hit up her little sister for more than the loan, or theft, of her car unless something was wrong. Like being on the run. 
Of all the people in the world, Samantha seemed to be the only one who could ruin her with a word or a look. She liked to think that their long separation had changed that, but seriously doubted it. Since their parent’s untimely death, Sam had been her only family, her sole touchstone to a childhood framed by golden memory. She’d been looking to recapture that sense of love and wonder for a long time, hence her disastrous relationship and marriage to Tom. How in the hell could she have dated, much less married, a man named Tom Jones? 
With a wry smile pursing her lips, she headed to the bleachers to stretch thoroughly before beginning the walk back to town. While dusk had yet to fall, shadows were beginning to collect underneath the massive oaks, leaving huge pools of purple beneath them. The aluminum bleachers looked so high school, but then again, she thought aloud, they probably were. 
“You’re right. This is where the high school plays soccer and has its track meets.” Bill Ashton materialized out of the burgeoning gloom. “Sorry, didn’t mean to scare you, Captain Jones.” 
Jesus, he even managed to look sheepish, thought Arden, as she surveyed her fellow runner. “No problem Sheriff, and you might as well call me Arden. It looks like we’re going to be bumping into each other here and there. It’s nice to see I’m not the only crazed runner in town.” 
She rocked back on her heels, savoring his appearance. The endorphins released by good, clean exercise shot through her system, compelling her to take a long look at him, from the sweat drying on his brow to the deliciously tight Nike shorts encasing those amazing buns. A small curl of tawny chest hair escaped the confines of his tank top, matching the light dusting on his powerful forearms and thighs. Her eyes roved upward, skimming over his expressive features, taking in the faint flush of exertion that highlighted his strong cheekbones and slightly crooked nose. She had actually begun to mentally run her fingers through his thick tawny hair when she realized she was on the edge of staring. Disgusted with herself and her runaway hormones, she concentrated instead on the character lines framing his unusual blue eyes and the words coming out of his mouth.
“OK, Arden.” Her name rolled out of his mouth, almost as if he tasted it. Looking pleased, he continued. “So, who turned you on to the local-yokel track scene? Oh wait, let me guess, Mindy Turner. Did she think you were totally insane to want to run in this heat?” At her nod, he laughed, and the laugh did miraculous things to his already handsome face, giving it a life and vitality his sober Sheriff's countenance of this morning had only hinted at. 
“Y’know, her husband Mack was one of the hottest prospects in the state for cross-country running when we were in high school, but he got together with Mindy and that seemed to be all he ever wanted. Never even left this town.” Bill shook his head in amazement.
“And what about you, Sheriff? Did you manage to get out?” The question just popped out, Arden wasn’t even sure why. Perhaps it was the easy familiarity and underlying attraction that had sprung up between them, almost of its own volition. It seemed like they had known each other far longer than ten hours. It was almost as if they’d been friends separated for a long time and were taking a moment to catch up. Close friends. Leaning against the bleachers, she began her stretching regimen.
He was gracious enough to answer. Smiling, he said, “Yeah, I was lucky enough to get a scholarship. San Jose State football. I was a varsity-lettered running back for four years. I got picked up for college, but never for pro. But then again, who goes pro from San Jose State?” The last line was delivered with a grin.
So I’m supposed to form coherent sentences while this long, tall, lithe woman stretches out in front of me. That was all Bill could seem to filter in or out of his mind as his mouth spewed hopeless college banalities. Arden was everything he’d let himself imagine she would be when his mind took a break from its frequent diet of murder, murder, and more murder. She’d pulled her hair back in a ponytail, one of his secret pleasures on a woman. And my, my, look at the body she’d been hiding under those respectable clothes. It was hard to hide anything when you were wearing spandex and little else. Yanking his mind back from his perusal of Arden’s toned body he grinned and asked, “So, what’s a nice Air Force girl like you doing in a podunk town like this?”
She replied, all seriousness aside. “Well, I guess I’m just here to see the sights, Sheriff.” She drawled, knowing her tone and words were frivolous, but right now she needed frivolous, just as she felt the need to flirt with this handsome stranger. “Is there anyplace in this town where you can actually eat something that doesn’t slam an artery shut, or is it all like the Sugar Pine?” She smiled.
Bill’s gut clenched at the transformation her face went through. Gone were the sharp lines and angles, the stress lines around eyes and mouth, and in their place, the beauty and wonder of a woman who knew exactly who and what she was and was completely at ease with that fact. It was a revelation of softness and feminine awareness unhidden by the professional mask he had seen this morning. It was the face of a woman who knew she was being looked at and was looking right back.
He wondered how often she let that side of herself show and had a feeling it wasn’t a common occurrence. He was surprised and a little embarrassed at the answer that seemed to come out of it’s own will. “As a matter of fact, we have a great little restaurant right down the street from you. I know I’ve worked up an appetite, running in this heat. Would you like to join me for a bite after we clean up?” Good Lord, when was the last time he’d asked a woman out? Granted, this wasn’t a real date, and to call it that was grossly inappropriate, but for some reason it felt like just that to him.
Arden was as surprised by the invitation as Bill was in giving it, and the warning bells it sent off quelled that sweet, whole body hum their light flirtation had set into motion. For a moment she considered rejecting the offer, as inviting as it was. 
She was very attracted to this man, and from what she could see in his eyes, it wasn't one-sided. She didn't need the extra complication of the sexual relationship she could easily envision developing between them. She needed to devote her time to figuring out what the hell had happened to Samantha. Then again, she considered, she also needed the Sheriff to help her solve the mystery, needed him to tell her more about this area and the people who lived in it. So she set aside her qualms, nodding her head. “Sounds good to me. Did you drive up here, or run?”
Bill chuckled; all nervousness set aside for the time being. “What self-respecting runner would drive to the track? That’s a sin against the sport.” And so they walked down the hill, letting the silence of early twilight settle over them like a warm blanket.

Chapter Ten

Thursday morning dawned crisp and clean, with no hint of the scorching heat that was sure to come. Arden stretched luxuriously across the silky cotton sheets, feeling the minor aches and pains that always seemed to accompany a run over unfamiliar terrain. It was barely six, and the sun was already trying to show its face.
Crawling out of the huge half-tester bed, she beat a path to the bedroom door, hoping against hope that her request for morning coffee had been granted. Lo and behold, a tray waited beside the door, with a carafe, a cup and biscotti. Expensive or not, she thought with a slow, satisfied smile, this was definitely the way to go. She hefted the tray, placing it on a small sitting table, then plopped into the comfortable chair beside it, gratefully pouring steaming coffee from what appeared to be an antique Victorian decanter. Puzzled at how the coffee had stayed warm for any period of time, she rapped the side of it with her knuckles and was amazed to hear the thunk of metal beneath. The thing was insulated, for God’s sake.
She knew she was in bad shape when she marveled over things like a coffeepot. Inhaling the fragrant aroma of good coffee, she reveled in the beauty of a country sunrise. She hadn’t seen anything like it since she came home from Portugal, and it was just as magnificent, though different. She hadn’t thought towns like this existed anymore. 
Small towns, where the Sheriff was the hero on the white horse and half the town’s populace seemed to be wearing a buckle the size of a hubcap on their belts. She had seen the way heads had turned when they entered the Stage Stop together and she knew the rumor mill would be churning by the time the first hash and eggs were dished up at the Sugar Pine.
It had been an interesting dinner, to say the very least. The smoothly polished man who had shown up at her door sent her pulse spiking at the mere sight of him. She marveled at the disparate but totally compatible Bill Ashton's she'd seen in less than twelve hours. She now knew what he looked like in almost every kind of clothing, from cowboy sheriff to jock to eminently datable stud. The fact that he seemed to be a good guy to boot almost made him too good to be true.
From the moment when he’d preceded her into his office yesterday she’d felt that frission, that warm, flowing pull almost impossible to describe. Their mutual appreciation of each other throughout the evening and their meal together had only solidified the feeling of impending intimacy. It was one of those low-frequency feelings that begs investigation, but she continued to shake it off. She was here looking for her sister, not trying to get a little side action with the local peace officer, she reminded herself.
As she went over the evening in her mind what amazed her the most about the meal was their total lack of shoptalk. She’d been armed, ready to slide into interview mode, more than prepared to ask him a slew of questions about Sam and the town and exactly what she could expect from his department when it came to locating her sister. But as they enjoyed a quiet drink at their table she simply didn’t have the urge. Instead, she wanted to just sit and talk. 
As a matter of fact, she felt almost compelled to talk to this man that she’d known less than a day. And he seemed to want to do the same. 
The wine had been outstanding, a local pressing she’d never heard of. She was sure the meal was excellent, but to tell the truth, she couldn’t remember much about it. Maybe because her dinner companion was handsome and witty and had a wonderful, if reluctant, laugh. Whatever it was, she relaxed, really relaxed for the first time in a very long time.
She found herself talking about Portugal and the way the ocean beat against the volcanic rock in a fury and how the wind howled like a banshee across the North Atlantic. She told him of the festivals and the bullfights and the way the islanders welcomed you into their home for pot roast and potatoes cooked in volcanic vents. And he sat there and listened, actually listened, with a look of interest and something close to repulsed awe as she described the island custom of eating raw, sometimes living barnacles seasoned with garlic and oil, chased with the local unregulated beer. 
Arden couldn’t remember talking that much in a long time. Or enjoying herself or her company quite so much. She tried to remember the last time she'd actually been out for an evening with someone she was genuinely interested in and attracted to and came up blank. The dating pool for senior Captains at any military base was depressingly dry. And if she were honest with herself, and she usually was, she just hadn't been interested since her divorce had become final.
While Tom certainly hadn't set her pulse to fluttering or left her trembling with passion, he'd filled a space that was achingly empty, and in doing so had made her feel special, treasured. To her utter mortification she discovered that he had that affect on many women, including their upstairs neighbor in base housing.
Well, she mused, snuggling deeper into the comfort of the chair, it was all water under the bridge. She could say that now, with the pain and distaste of the divorce nearly three years behind her. The only thing Tom had really damaged was her pride, but it had been a hell of a blow. No woman liked seeing the proof of her husband's infidelity. No woman liked coming in second in her own marriage. So she'd tried to be the woman she thought he wanted, needed to stay faithful.
When it hadn't worked and he continued in his old ways, she'd snapped. 
In the last days of their marriage, the Arden Jones of today had surfaced. The tough, in-your-face woman who knew what she wanted, and got it. 
The Arden Jones she was now had been about two steps away from castrating the bastard in those last hours. 
How dare he humiliate her like that, especially within the small, incestuous confines of a military base? Worst of all, how could she, strong, sure Arden Jones, have sunk to the level of desperation she had? How could she have so totally changed herself for a man? She'd done everything but beg the man to stay.
Then, with a little time and lot of tequila, she'd accepted that she hated the idea of Tom's infidelity much more than she hated the fact that he'd done it. She also found that she had been in love with being married, rather than being married to Tom. When it came to him, she found she really didn’t give a shit. 
She'd known it was really over when she signed the papers with little more emotion than she'd show a monthly bill. The only thing she really missed, after all was said and done, was the one thing she'd been able to count on from Tom--good, sweaty sex.
Now she was a new, stronger woman. While she understood on a purely instinctive level that she would marry again, consciously she had decided that she would never again let a man have the upper hand. Never again would she be the one who hurt, who yearned for something more. Her next relationship would be exactly as she decreed it.
So with that on her mind, she sat in her ritzy bed and breakfast, sipping heaven and munching on biscotti, contemplating the man she had spent last evening with, not even touching on the real reason she had come to this quiet town.
* * * *
They discovered the anomaly at the Ross crime scene while trying to take a candle wax sample. In the southwest quadrant of the circle, right next to the victim’s head, they had unearthed a flat, oblong piece of granite that the candle appeared to be seated in before removal. The rock had not been noticeable initially because it had been almost completely covered by the brown, baked clay native to the area. After re-photographing the site carefully as a precaution, the agents had begun to remove the dirt surrounding the stone, assuming at the beginning that the candle had been placed in a convenient, natural hollow. As they delved deeper they discovered that the stone had a smooth, almost finished feel. Carved into the bottom portion was a mysterious symbol. Upon further excavation they found that the resting place for the candle had also been precisely carved. 
With this obvious intent in mind, they looked to the other circles of death and encountered what they most feared. In each of the five cases an almost identical piece of granite was discovered. In each case, the rock looked like it had been there forever. And in each case the same enigmatic symbol was carved into the base of the stone.
Samples of the clay and surrounding compost were collected for age analysis. To a man, or woman, the technicians were puzzled and more than a little dismayed. The Ross crime scene showed no recent digging around the area, yet the body could not have been there for more than one week at the very most. There would almost certainly have been some sign of digging around the rock if it had been placed at the time of her death.
Bill shared the same thoughts as the technicians as he slowly surveyed the scene for the third time in four days. Other than the absence of Kimmie Ross’ body, nothing had changed from his initial viewing. Squatting down in front of the unearthed stone he was struck by something, something once again squirming at the back of his mind. Rather than try digging it out, he let his mind run free, staring blindly at the pattern the dried and crackly buck brush leaves made at his feet.
Drebin was standing under an ancient black oak, surveying the scene as a whole, looking for the bigger picture. He was sure the location of each body played a significant role in how and why each body was placed, he just hadn’t figured it out yet. He looked over at the Sheriff, wondering what was going on in that brain of his. He could tell by Bill’s posture that he was as relaxed as a cop can get, but there was a fine tension underlying that casual demeanor. He was working on something. 
Pushing away from the shade of the tree, Drebin entered the full force of the morning sun and winced at the brightness. Pulling on the Ray Ban shades that were almost a uniform to government employees, he sauntered over to the Sheriff, his easy gait betraying none of the uneasiness he felt looking around this desolate, brushy wilderness. Even though he and Ashton had been over the crime scene yesterday afternoon, he still got a chill down the middle of his back when his peripheral vision caught sight of the sinuous, ghostly aura of heat waves that arose even at this early hour.
“What have you got, Bill?” Drebin hunkered down beside him, looking intently at the granite stone that had so transfixed the sheriff. 
“It’s a goddamned altar. I was reading up on some of this stuff last night. See this marking here?” He used a stick to point to the arcane marking. “That’s a sigil. It means something to him, and only him. We’d never be able to translate it even if we tried. The fact that the earth around these stones, and this one in particular, hasn’t been disturbed means that he planned this. I’m almost afraid to poke around and see if he’s got anymore planted somewhere. This wasn’t a crime of passion. It wasn’t even a crime, at least not to him. It was a fucking offering. He sacrificed these girls.” Bill stood up suddenly, straightening his long body in a controlled rush, then stalked away into the underbrush.

Chapter Eleven

After fully perusing the aisles of the Prospector’s Market, Arden was positive the citizens of Mariposa County were primarily carnivores. The fruit and vegetable selection was meager at best, and the hub of the store seemed to revolve around the enormous meat section. As she stood there slightly stunned, gazing at what seemed like acres of bloody red beef, she unconsciously tuned into the conversation going on between the two middle-aged men in front of her.
“Well I heard that the whole trunk was full of it. And guns too. My cousin Mike works next door to the Chevron station and he said Tony was waving that cash around like there was no Sunday coming. Serves him right if they come looking for him. What did he think was gonna happen, those Compton crack dealers were just gonna say, ‘Oh, don’t worry about it. Take our money, take our guns.’ Shit no. And that car. Who in their right mind would run guns in a red convertible, for God’s sake? The Holsteins just look for those cars to pull over.” 
At the balding man’s mention of a red sports car Arden’s interest peaked and she began to openly listen to their conversation.
“Well, I dunno Carl, that’s not what I heard.” said the other man dubiously. “I heard some woman took the FBI’s seed money and that’s why they’re here, not cause of those dead girls. I heard they were closing in on her so she ditched the car and money and took to the hills. Nobody knows where she is, but the feds are beating the bushes looking for her.”
“Well, it don’t matter,” said Carl, stung by his companion’s disagreement, “’Cause that money is still here. I betcha don’t know where it went, do you? I didn’t think so. The Sheriff’s got it all nice and safe and sound in his office. I know that for sure, ‘cause Stumpy told me last night. Said he’d never seen so much money and that the Sheriff is being real secretive about it, like he don’t want anybody knowing about it. He should know better. Half the damn town is talking about it now.” 
Carl shook his head sadly. “And what was he thinking, bringing that woman into one of our places last night. She’s a stranger.” He continued, totally oblivious to the fact that the woman in question was standing directly behind him. “Ashton was gone for too damn long. He forgot what it was like to live in a small town. And who is this woman? Stumpy said that’s her car they found, so you know she’s mixed up in this. It just ain’t right for the Sheriff to go mixing with criminal elements.”
The other man shifted uncomfortably, “Sheriff’s been back for five years. I don’t think he changed all that much. He was always a good boy. You always think the worst.” He threw a glance over his shoulder, paling when he saw the ‘criminal element’ glaring at them with her hands on her hips. Fumbling for an excuse to leave, he mumbled something under his breath to Carl and walked away quickly.
Snorting, Arden turned away, heading for the checkout counter. What did she expect? This was a small town and she had predicted that the rumor mill would be up and running first thing this morning. It was just disconcerting to hear herself referred to in that manner. A gun runner and criminal element. She stifled a laugh. She was the most respectable person she knew. What the hell had Samantha gotten her into?
Standing in line she reviewed the conversation in her head. What was this babble about money? And then it clicked. The ‘personal effects’ and ‘circumstances’ the Sheriff had referred to the first time she’d spoken with him. Clenching her jaw tightly, she paid the checkout clerk, then double-timed it back to her room to stow the groceries. With a grim smile of anticipation, she gathered up her notes, leaving word with the front desk to accept her Fed Ex package, then set out for the Sheriff’s Department. Sheriff Bill Ashton had some explaining to do.
* * * *
When Arden returned to her room sixty minutes later the birth of a full-scale migraine was lurking directly beneath her left eyebrow. Massaging her temple, she picked up her laptop from the front desk and proceeded to her room for about twenty Motrin and some peace. 
The press had found out about the money. Hell, if the town gossips had been talking about it, it just stood to reason that the media would also know. Apparently Stumpy, whoever he was, had been quite busy the night before, because cameras and microphones inundated her the minute she stepped out of her rental car. 
They knew who she was. That was the most disturbing part of all. She had never even met this Stumpy person and couldn’t begin to imagine why he would give her description to the press. And now her face would be broadcast statewide by lunchtime, which was only a few minutes away. 
The only good thing to come out of the morning was the fact that the press hadn’t connected Sam’s disappearance with the murdered women. They were more than happy to run two scandalous stories rather than one, and all from the relative quiet of a respectable small town. 
Then again, Samantha’s connection to the dead girls was only her theory, but she knew Sam well enough to know that she never would have left money if she’d had the opportunity to run with it, pursuing feds or not. It also explained why she hadn’t come to see Arden. She had the money; she’d just needed a quick car. Why should she even go in to ask her sister for a loan or if she was doing all right, or even to say ‘to hell with you, bitch, I’m taking your car.’
Arden shook her head, then popped four Motrin. She supposed it was a fortuitous quirk of fate that she’d been unable to secure lodging in the same hotels as the media. At least here she would be safe from their prying eyes and cameras. The Turners had already assured her of that when she’d picked up her laptop. The gods had been smiling on her.
Snapping on the television, she sunk down into the comfortable armchair and waited for the worst. It wasn’t pretty. She looked harried and stressed and almost a little crazy as she battled the throng of reporters in her quest for the front doors to the Sheriff’s Department. A wall of flesh wearing the nameplate Brewster had come to her rescue, pulling her into the Sheriff’s office while holding the press at bay. Unfortunately, once she was inside no one could decide what to do with her. 
The Sheriff was at the crime scene, looking over some new evidence, they said. No, they couldn’t tell her anything about the case, but she was welcome to sit and wait for Sheriff Ashton’s return if she wished. 
Arden mulled it over for about thirty seconds before enlisting the aid of Deputy Brewster. While he wouldn’t tell her anything, or even confirm what she already knew, he was kind enough to offer to take her back to her accommodations. She gladly accepted, knowing full well that the members of the press were waiting for her.
She muted the television, then slumped back in the chair. This whole situation was getting too weird. She was almost ready to just take her car and head back to L.A., Samantha or no Samantha. But she wouldn’t. Her damned sense of duty and honor and family prevented her doing anything so irresponsible. So she would stick and just see what happened.
The jangling of the telephone right next to her head knocked her out of her reverie, startling her with its intensity. Wondering whom it could possibly be, she reached for the handset, wishing the quaint bed and breakfast had caller ID. Her hand hovered just above the receiver as visions of the press corps rippled across her mind. By the fourth ring she realized it was probably just her boss, Major Allen. He was the only person who knew she was at this number.
Plastering the receiver to her right ear as she massaged her left temple, she wearily stated, “Hello, Captain Jones here.”
The voice at the other end was quiet, almost breathy and totally sexless. “Hello Arden. I’m glad I caught you.” Arden continued to massage her forehead, trying to place the voice. She got nothing. 
Just as she began to ask who the caller was, the voice spoke again, soft and cajoling. “I need your help, Arden. Carlos is very displeased, and we’re feeling the brunt of that temper. I need you to tell me where she is, and what did she did with our package.”
Arden bolted up, her brow wrinkled in confusion. “Hello? I think you must have the wrong number.” Then, in a flash of insight, she knew. Oh shit. Carlos was the person Sam had stolen from.
“No Captain,” the voice turned, becoming cold and mocking. “We both know I have the right number. You looked very pretty on television today. Carlos was quite enamored of you. You look a lot like Samantha, but not so whorish. Where is she?”
Arden’s mind whirled, pulling in aimless thoughts like the funnel of a tornado. What should she say? Should she lie or tell the truth or just not answer at all? In the end the voice settled it for her. “Never mind Arden,” it sighed, “I’ll see you tomorrow, then we can talk about Carlos’ money and Samantha and how you can help me get both of them back.”
* * * *
I made a mistake. My first since I began my quest for perfection. The car. That damned car. It brought her here, and she shares the sister-bond with the Goddess. She is more dangerous than any of the nonbelievers. Through her blood connection to the Goddess she is my only threat. She must be silenced or made to see The Way.

Chapter Twelve

The radio squawked angrily as Ashton and Drebin navigated the treacherous, rutted road. Sighing quietly, Bill picked up the handset. “This is Unit 14. This transmission may be monitored. Come back.”
The mechanical voice of the dispatcher greeted him. “Unit 14, please return to base immediately. We have a small situation here.”
“Dispatch, Unit 14 is at least thirty minutes out. Can’t Doug handle it? Out.”
“Unit 14, negative. We’ll be waiting for you Sheriff.”
“Shit. What now?” He turned to Drebin. “Hold on.”
Drebin would later tell fellow agents that it was like riding a mechanical bull strapped to the top of a roller coaster. They bounced and careened across the landscape like a pinball, but the Sheriff seemed to be in control at all times. When they finally hit the relative smoothness of the blacktop Drebin felt like each and every bone in his body had been jarred loose. Even his teeth were sore. Then the Sheriff hit his lights and began the speed run.
The twisty roads had been bad enough at the sedate pace set on their trip up the mountain. The Sheriff took the slick corners at angles that made him wish for the craggy road again. When they finally reached Mariposa and saw the swarm of reporters awaiting them, he wished he were almost anywhere but this hick town. 
Even pulling around to the enclosed lot in the back of the Department didn’t help, they were in there too. Drebin shuddered as the pointing fingers of the microphones and the vacuous eyes of the cameras poked and prodded and violated them as they exited the Explorer and beat a path for the back door and relative safety. He hadn't seen a feeding frenzy like this in a long, long time. Something new must have happened, and the press knew about it before they did.
Bill made a beeline for his office, motioning Doug Brewster over with his head. Two steps from the door Brewster intercepted him, stopping him cold. “She’s in there. The reporters know about the money. Someone, and your first three guesses don’t count, called in an anonymous tip. I don’t know what the hell happened to her, but there’s definitely something wrong. She called, asking me to come get her twenty minutes after I dropped her off. She won’t talk to anyone but you.”
Bill instantly knew without a doubt who the ‘she’ in question was, but he didn’t know the extent of her turmoil until he entered his office and saw what he least expected. Cool, calm, collected Captain Arden Jones, the witty world-traveler of the evening before, was sitting, ramrod-straight, in one of the huge old chairs he usually threw files on. She’d plopped down on six inches of manila folders and just sat there, oblivious to her own discomfort, staring through the office wall, staring into space. She’d completely shut down.
Bill didn’t even want to contemplate what had brought about this turn of events. The Arden Jones he’d met up to this point was solid and steady, a warrior in action and spirit.
Drebin bumped into him from behind. He hadn’t had the pleasure of meeting Arden Jones, but he knew what someone who’d totally checked out looked like. Both men started toward her, their mutual background of psychology kicking in instinctively. Drebin closed the door with a thud, then folded his long body into a crouch beside Bill. 
He watched the way Bill handled the woman, and knew, without question, something had happened between the two, or would happen in the very near future. Ashton handled her in a way that suggested familiarity and a connection beyond the cop-victim realm.
Stroking her hand, her arm, her shoulder, Bill muttered meaningless sounds, slowly entering her consciousness without her even knowing it. She began to relax and come back into the room from wherever she’d been. 
When Arden finally focused, Bill was all she saw, and the sight of him snapped the self-restraint she’d been hanging onto by her fingernails for the past hour. She threw herself into his arms, knocking him on his ass in the process. She knew she was babbling, not making any sense, but she was so damn scared and Sheriff Bill Ashton seemed to be the only real, solid, tangible thing in her life right now. Just as she had relaxed before, she began to slowly quiet herself. When she had finally calmed enough to take a breath without it ending in a hiccough, she pushed away from Ashton, visibly pulling herself together. 
Taking a deep, calming breath, she lifted her anxious gaze to the two men crouched before her. The Sheriff was looking at her with the kind of quiet concern she had grown to miss since her parent’s death. That warm glance that told you someone cared. It had been a long time since a man had looked at her that way, and it sliced through what defenses she had left with the ease and precision of a scalpel.
“Arden, this is Special Agent Frank Drebin from the FBI. He’s here helping us.” Running a hand up her arm in an unconsciously possessive stroke, he cupped her elbow. “What happened to you?”
Pushing back up onto the chair, she disengaged herself from his soothing touch. Sitting up on her own seemed very important right now. She clenched her hands together in her lap, twisting them slowly, gathering her thoughts before she spoke. “Sheriff, why don’t you tell me about the money?” Her gaze and her question, though still distraught, began to carry some of the steel Bill had become accustomed to hearing in the space of only twenty-four hours.
He flashed a quick glance at Drebin, then began covering his ass. “I can’t. It’s part of an ongoing investigation. I’d be compromising the integrity of this case if I told you more.”
Arden slowly sat up, displaying the full length of her height. Anger colored her cheeks and flashed through her eyes. Her voice was still thick with emotion, but fury rose to the top, like a pungent, curdled cream. “Integrity my ass. Some guy named Stumpy is compromising you all over town. Walk into the Prospector’s Market and see if you hear anything less. So, again I ask you Sheriff, what the hell is going on with my sister and a hundred thousand dollars and the FBI?”
Bill swore, not even bothering to disguise the disgust in his tone. Looking at Arden consideringly, he held up a hand. “Peace? For just a minute, okay?” 
Arden nodded, and just like that the fire went out of her eyes. Leaning forward, she cradled her forehead in her hands, massaging her temples. Wisps of hair had escaped her ponytail, framing her stunned eyes and pale cheeks in a golden, gauzy veil. 
Tearing his gaze away, Bill stalked to the door, yanking it open with considerable force. His voice was low but deadly and it broadcast across the now silent room. “Have Deputy Goltree report to the conference room, now. Not in five minutes, not when he calls in. I don’t care where he’s at or what he’s doing. Now.” Closing the door with barely restrained violence, he turned back into the room. 
Drebin had already pulled one of the ancient wooden chairs from in front of the desk, placed it in front of Arden and begun talking to her in a voice that sounded like it was coming from the bottom of a well. It was the most soothing thing Bill had ever heard and seemed to be working it’s magic on Arden as well. She’d begun to straighten up a little, begun to look more like the woman she was, ready to storm Hell armed with a bucket of water and an attitude.
Taking a seat in the creaky chair he called his own, Bill scooted across the frayed carpet, pulling in next to Drebin. As soon as the agent looked up, the two men exchanged a weighed glance. They were already so in-synch that no words were needed. They both knew what they had to do. The only thing that mattered was getting this case solved and solved damned quickly. Captain Arden Jones would just have to suffer her way through it.
Knowing he was getting ready to kill what had started out as a surprisingly powerful mutual attraction, Bill plunged forward, knowing Drebin was there to back him up. “Listen, Arden, Captain Jones. You’re a member of the press. You know how this works…” he had just began his spiel when the intercom sounded. “Shit.” Raising his voice loudly enough to be heard outside the office he said, “Not now Gail.”
Gail was not to be deterred. She’d been waiting for a showdown between that weasel Stumpy Goltree and the Sheriff, and she was not going to miss out on it. Poking her head into the office she formally announced, “Sheriff, Deputy Goltree is in the conference room.” Popping back into the main office, she stood by the door with her arms crossed, a gleeful smile on her face.
Bill, however, was not quite as pleased with the timing. Looking askance at both Arden and Drebin, he stood up. “Frank, can you handle this? You know procedure and how we do these things as well as I do. I have to deal with this. I have to deal with it now.”
* * * *
Twenty-five minutes later Stumpy Goltree walked out of the conference room, minus his badge and gun. He looked ready to cry. On a man who stood a good three inches over six feet tall and weighed in at over 250 pounds, it was quite a disconcerting sight. While every deputy in the room shuffled paperwork and furtively watched, Stumpy scuttled to the back door of the squad room and quietly exited the door. Bill Ashton stood in the doorway of the conference room, arms crossed, watching his deputy’s departure with no expression whatsoever. He turned to address the deathly quiet squad room.
“Deputy Goltree has been placed on administrative leave pending an investigation into leaks on this murder case and on the abandoned vehicle. This action is in no way limited to Deputy Goltree. If I find out that one drop of information leaves this building, you’ll be joining him. Now get back to business. We’ve got five dead women, twenty TV stations and a shitload of work to deal with.
* * * *
When Bill opened the door to his office he was pleasantly surprised to see both Arden and Drebin still inside. Arden looked remarkably calm, considering the fact that Drebin had certainly told her that divulging information was both impossible and foolhardy. 
Drebin shot him a warning look, then pushed the Sheriff’s creaky chair his way with the toe of an immaculate loafer. “I think you need to hear what Captain Jones has to say Sheriff. It complicates things just a touch.”
Ashton cautiously took the offered chair, spinning slightly to face her. “Alright. Spill.”
The Arden Jones that spoke was a military officer to the core. The woman he’d spent a stimulating evening with the night before was gone, and Bill privately mourned the loss of what might have been. 
* * * *
Stumpy Goltree was pissed beyond belief. How dare that asshole take away his gun and badge! And for some goddamn skirt. Who gave a good goddamn if the press knew about her sister or the money she’d been toting around? He sure as hell didn’t. He had to get a look at this broad. One of the young deputies had a monumental crush on her and had given him a blow-by-blow description. That’s what he’d sold to that anchorwoman out of Fresno. So what? So she was supposed to be some kick-ass military babe. He’d believe it when he saw it. He had his own opinions about women in the military, and not one of them was good.
He sat in his monster four-by-four, pulling slowly and thoughtfully at the bottle of Jim Beam sitting next to him on the front seat. He was beginning to feel the warm glow of a good buzz and had just begun to work himself into a healthy dose of rage when the Sheriff escorted her out the back door.
The deputy hadn’t been kidding. She was a hottie. He watched her through narrowed eyes, ready to blame all of his rotten luck on her and that golden boy of a Sheriff. Ever since Bill Ashton had come home things had gone downhill. Even though he’d only been a deputy for a year before Ashton had been elected Sheriff, he remembered the gravy days, remembered how the people in town had looked at the department’s cruisers with awe and just a little fear. Now those days were gone and it was all Ashton’s fault.
And now that chick was here, screwing up his life even more. He took a good, long look at her as she stepped to the passenger door of the cruiser. Even at this distance he could tell she was upset, and the way she carried herself as she stalked to the truck made him think taking her on would be a mistake. Not that she could kick his ass or anything. He searched his cloudy brain for a way to describe her and finally came up with it. She looked capable. And dignified. That was it. 
Right now she was throwing infuriated looks at the Sheriff like hand grenades. The Sheriff looked more than a little pissed off himself. Stumpy smiled, his breath puffing out in whiskey-tinged breaths as he chuckled. He didn’t know how he could make Arden Jones work to his advantage yet, but he was sure something would come to him. Humming along to the Clint Black tune playing on the radio, he put his truck in gear and headed for his trailer.

Chapter Thirteen

Arden knew it was wrong to be so angry with him, knew it was irrational, knew it was the way that cops did things. That knowledge didn’t seem to make much of a dent in her current mood. He should have been able to tell her the things she needed to know about Samantha without that invisible “copness” he wore like a shield coming between them. He should have been able to trust her. But why? She asked the question over and over again as she paced the luxurious but confining length of her room. The room that had now become her prison in all but name.
She knew the answer to her own question. It was them. She'd heard the click they made almost the first moment they'd met. They fit together and they both knew it. She knew if they had met under different circumstances, circumstances that hadn’t conspired against them from the beginning, things would have been vastly different. 
So much for her lofty ideals about directing the course of her next relationship.
Then she laughed at her own stupidity and arrogance. Next relationship? She knew nothing about the man. What if he was married? She’d never asked, and it wasn’t any of her business. Just because he’d taken her to dinner and there was some weird chemistry between them didn’t mean that either of them weren’t otherwise committed. Just because she’d failed at marriage didn’t mean that other people couldn’t actually succeed. He could have five kids for all she knew.
Throwing herself in the comfortable armchair by the window, she forced herself to be analytical and think about what had happened in the last thirty-six hours, exclusive of Sheriff Bill Ashton. Walk down the road step by step and analyze what Samantha had set into motion.
She took what she already knew about Samantha, the car and the money and added it to the chilling coincidence that the latest victim in a string of serial murders had apparently been killed only days before her sister’s disappearance. Combining all of these facts with her own certainty that Samantha would never have left any amount of cash willingly equaled a very unsettling picture that pointed to only one conclusion, at least in her mind. Samantha had become the killer’s latest victim. 
* * * *
Arden’s migraine had transferred to Bill through some sort of evil osmosis. Unfortunately, he had a job to do headache or no. That job had just become a hell of a lot harder. Someone was threatening Arden. He knew how he felt about that, and it pissed him off, totally and completely. And more than it should have. He’d seen Drebin’s understanding gaze when he’d almost come unglued. Just the thought of someone hurting her turned his vision to a red, violent haze. 
When had this happened? And how could it have happened so damned fast? It didn’t make any sense. He’d known this woman less than three days, if you counted a telephone conversation over 800 miles of bobbing, sagging telecommunications line. And it wasn’t just one-sided. He’d felt it when she’d thrown herself into his arms, felt her begin to calm at his slightest touch, seen it in her eyes the evening before as they completed their evening run, shared dinner and a bottle of wine. There was something there, and he hadn’t the foggiest idea of how to deal with it. Or not deal with it. Even five years of marriage to a beautiful, exciting woman hadn’t prepared him for the intense attraction he was feeling right now, the fierce instinct to protect.
He was in the middle of an investigation involving a serial killer and witchcraft, for God’s sake. The last thing he should be thinking about was the way her hair just barely grazed the curve of her firm jaw when it was loose. Or how goddamn right she had looked standing there next to the bleachers last night. Or how he’d been more comfortable with her in just one night than he was with most women after weeks or even years of association.
And now it was gone. He’d seen the shutters fall over her eyes as she relayed the threatening call. He knew she was embarrassed that he and Drebin had seen her fall apart. But she’d plunged on, relaying the telephone call like she’d report on a story. He had a sneaking suspicion that military public affairs officers were not called upon to regale readers with such unsettling, specific facts. They seemed to cover airshows and such rather than murders and threats against one’s life. But Arden was different. She’d retreated back into her military persona with a swiftness that would have been startling if he hadn’t seen her do the same when discussing her sister.
Pulling his head out of his hands he glanced over at Drebin, who was studiously avoiding looking at him. “So, Agent. Where do we go from here? To me that was a goddamned death threat. Fold that in with her sister’s disappearance and five dead women and we’ve got one big stinky pile of shit.”
Drebin frowned. “We’ve got nothing solid. It’s all circumstantial. So her sister wouldn’t have normally left that kind of money. What if she thought this Carlos guy was hot on her trail and ditched it all to disappear? Have you thought of that? You’re too anxious to tie this all together with a neat little bow. I really don’t think it’s related, at least not yet, not until I see something concrete.”
“Y’know what Drebin? I do want to tie this all neatly together. Shit like this doesn’t happen here. Period. In Mariposa we live our happy lives, bust speeding tourists and drug-dealing locals. Maybe we break up a fight at the county fair or run the Hell’s Angels out of town if they get too rowdy. That’s it. That’s an exciting night in this town. 
“So, yeah, I want this to be over, and I don’t see it happening anytime soon. Regardless of any of my feelings, we’ve got an Air Force officer sitting in her hotel room, waiting for some drug or mob boss to send his favorite strong-arm man to break a few bones for information she hasn’t got on where her sister might be. Beside putting her in protective custody, I really don’t see a solution to this problem.”
Drebin nodded. “On that we’re in complete agreement. She needs to go home and move into the dorms on base. I already called on that while you were taking her back to her hotel. They’ll do it in a heartbeat. Their security folks are salivating at the chance to bust a real criminal. That base is contracted out for the most part and those boys don’t do anything but eat donuts and wave people through the gate.”
“Oh, and that’s supposed to make me feel secure about sending her back there? We can take better care of her here. I could put Stumpy on her and feel more comfortable, OK?” Bill flared, frustration coloring his words.
“Hmmmm.” Drebin hummed thoughtfully. “Why don’t you consider doing that? Goltree is surely looking for a way to get back into your good graces. Give him this assignment, with one of your other deputies watching him. You’re going to launch an investigation anyway, right? This will take care of two birds with one stone. It’ll keep her safe since she’ll have two officers on her, and you can see who Goltree’s been talking to. Simple, really.” Drebin smiled, pleased with his own craftiness.
“Yeah, simple. Except for the fact that I relieved Goltree of duty, remember? I pulled his badge and gun and sent him home. I doubt very much that he’ll be looking to do me any favors.”
“He’s still a deputy on your force, right? And you and I and Captain Jones are the only people who know about this alleged threat, right? Just don’t tell him. You’ll have an armed deputy there, lurking in the shadows. I really don’t see the problem.”
Frustrated, Bill portrayed his feelings with one heartfelt snort. “You don’t know small towns for shit, Drebin. By now anyone who’s anyone in this town knows that Stumpy’s been relieved, OK? I give up a ton of points by giving him back any kind of authority. He’s on administrative leave. That’s the end of it. I’ll post Doug Brewster on Arden in the morning. He already knows her, at least a little, and he knows more about this than anyone else since he’s doing the missing person’s reports. He can do them in a car just as easily as he can do them at his desk. End of discussion.” Bill pushed away from his desk, angrily working out the kinks that had settled into his shoulders. 
* * * *
“Cease fire?” The gruff entreaty came from the other side of the barely cracked door. Arden squinted through the narrow crack, giving the Sheriff the evil eye before she opened it completely with a sigh.
“Sure, what the hell. This day can’t get any worse.” Disgusted with both the Sheriff and her own perverse thrill at seeing him at her door, she stalked into the living room of the suite, running her hands through her already disheveled hair. She swung around to face him, realizing then that he’d come bearing gifts. He stood in the doorway wearily, holding a bottle of wine in one hand and a pizza box in the other. 
“I’m sorry. Please, come in.” Arden moved back to him, taking the wine from him, scrutinizing the label. “Is this the same zinfandel we had last night?” She looked up questioningly, making a lame attempt at peacemaking. And was stunned by the intensity, the immediacy of his presence. He dominated the space they occupied, slashing through the barriers she’d unwittingly posted the moment she opened the door. He stepped forward, moving them both in a non-choreographed dance, pushing them deeper into the room.
Bill knew it was a mistake, knew it from the moment he’d battled his way through the press at the front door of the Sheriff’s Department, knew it when she’d opened the door and he felt that immediate zing of high voltage tingle delicately between them. 
 Then there she was, standing directly in front of him, looking up at him with eyes that were annoyed, tired and delicate all at the same time. He couldn’t help himself, he had to touch her, had to know that the thrum of excitement he felt every time he saw her was not his alone.
The hand that touched her cheek was rough and masculine and tender and shot a crackle of electricity down her spine, grounding her to the spot. Arden couldn’t have moved if her life depended on it. Unconsciously, she turned her face into his sheltering palm, reveling in the warmth and searing vitality of his touch.
Unnerved and a little humbled by her response to his caress, Bill booted the door shut, dropping the pizza box on the floor in the process, then leaned in to frame that fine-boned face in his hands, amazed at the strength and fragility warring for dominance within her. Whispering her name, he dropped his head, his lips barely brushing hers, lingering, sipping from the sweetness she was giving, giving with no thought to what was right, only to what was good. The pure lust that lanced through his body shocked him back to the room, the place, the circumstances. Even as he began to consider disengaging from this dangerous embrace, she became the energizer, the pressure and hunger of her mouth changing the simple exchange to something dark and mysterious and elemental.
Arden surrendered to the wild flow of current between them, pushing against him, yearning for the contact of his long, hard body, striving for the taste of him on her lips. She leaned into him, carelessly dropping the wine bottle, then reached up to twine her hands in the thick tangle of his hair. As that rough silk played through her fingers, she sighed, reaching out to caress the contours of his mouth with her tongue, searching, memorizing the map of his sensuous lips.
With a muttered curse, Bill returned Arden’s kiss, gathering her against him, banding her to his body with no hope of early escape. He stroked his tongue over hers, traced the delicate serrations of her teeth, and learned the elegant curve of the roof of her mouth. 
She matched him with each embrace, her hands leaving their subtle caress of his scalp only to discover the contours of his body before they returned to trap his mouth against hers. 
His hands glided down her body, fingers sinking into her hips as he drew her against him, his tongue penetrating and retreating, all thought vaporized in a hot, mindless flash.
The tempo of their exchange grew more frenzied with each second that passed, feeding upon itself until both were heaving for breath.
Arden suddenly broke their contact, stepping back and pulling in a shuddering breath. Pushing her hair off her forehead, she studied Bill. He seemed as unnerved, as out of control as she, consciously trying to pull himself together. 
In an instinctive move designed to shield herself against her unholy attraction to him, she gave a short laugh, nodding to the bottle of wine lying drunkenly on its side next to the pizza box. “Now that’s what I call service with a smile.” 
“Arden,” he began, before she held up a hand, the gentle smile on her face belying the turmoil churning through her stomach.
“No fears, no worries. It ends here.” She shook her head sadly. “I wish it didn’t have to, but we both know it does. I can’t do this. I’m just not built for it. Right now I wish to God I was, because I haven’t wanted anyone this much in a long, long time.” 
She smiled ruefully, wistfully. “I don’t even know if you’re married or committed or anything. And you know what? It doesn’t matter. As soon as this is over I’ll go back to L.A. or wherever the Air Force decides to send me next and you’ll be here. I’ve already got enough crazy things going on in my life right now to deal with this.”
Both of them knew exactly what ‘this’ was. A hot, passionate, risky love affair. The attraction, the utter magnetism was there, and about as subtle as a three hundred pound sumo wrestler. 
“God Arden. I’m sorry.” Bill stepped forward, then brought himself up short. “I never meant for that to happen. Really. I didn’t think you’d want to go out because of the press and I just wanted a little dinner company. It can get damned lonely for a bachelor out on my ranch, and after last night I knew I would enjoy your company. 
“But you’re right. As much as I’d like to be one of those guys I read about in Penthouse or watch on the Playboy channel, it’s just not gonna happen. There’s too much between us without there being anything between us, if you know what I mean.” He shook himself slightly, as if pulling out of a daze. “I’ve gotta go. I’ll see you around.” He turned to the door, more than ready to leave her in peace when a slender hand caught at his arm.
“Please don’t go, not yet. Stay, have some wine and pizza with me, take me away from the media and Samantha’s foolishness. Tell me about you and your town, what makes it so special that you’d give up the bright lights of L.A. for it. Stay and be my friend, please? Can’t we be at least that?” She looked so genuine, so real, that he couldn’t refuse.
So they sat at Arden’s little table, spending the second night in a row together. He regaled her with stories of his boyhood in Mariposa and all of the things that had changed and the many things that had stayed the same. Of 110-degree days and wildfires that raged across the land, nothing stopping them and earthquakes which devastated the coastline and tore the state apart, one inch at a time. Of criminal elements in and out of police departments around the world. Of choices made and marital promises broken.
And they watched each other, watched with that awareness that grows thicker and more potent with each passing day, watched with the knowledge that the agreement they’d made on their newly defined friendship probably didn’t matter one damned bit. 

Chapter Fourteen

Teddy rolled into the one-stoplight town a few minutes after eight on Friday morning. The flight had been uneventful and the drive from Fresno boring and monotonous. It was a good thing their informants had known where Arden Jones was staying, because this little burg was so pleasant it was creepy, almost a Stepford town, and not one that Teddy wanted to ask questions in. People who asked questions were remembered in a town like this. Carlos had been very clear on how this was to be handled. Arden Jones was to be taken to a quiet, secluded place and interrogated as to exactly what she knew. Then she would be killed. 
Teddy’s preferred method of execution these days was by garrote, it was quick and silent and clean, but Carlos had specifically asked that a handgun be used, and that the bullet placement mirror the bodies found earlier that week. Even if the caliber didn’t match, the cops would automatically link the two scenes together, which would muddy the investigation of Captain Jones’ death sufficiently. By the time the police discounted the obvious connection, Teddy would be long gone and safely ensconced back in the high-rise grandeur of Los Angeles. And a valuable lesson would have been learned.
Pulling over to the side of a quiet, shady street, Teddy surveyed the surroundings. It was Hicksville personified. With the exception of the cowboy passed out in his truck a few spaces up, the street was completely deserted. If not for the rumble of traffic from the main drag a few blocks down the community would have resembled a suburban utopia. Teddy settled down into the imitation leather seat of the rental car, waiting for the target to show.
* * * *
A screaming siren. For a moment Arden thought she was back in L.A. Then reality hit. She was in Mariposa, California and her sister had disappeared. She rolled over, glancing at the clock as she did so. Shit. She hadn’t slept past six o’clock since basic training. It was now past eight. 
She flopped back on the bed. Her eyes were heavy and she knew she looked like hell without even glancing at the mirror. The strain of facing the press, the anonymous voice’s casual, almost offhand threat and her encounter with the Sheriff had surely etched itself on her face in no uncertain terms. And it had all happened in one incredibly long day.
The memory of the intimacy and overwhelming truth of the kiss they shared had plagued her throughout the night. She’d spent most of the darkening hours thinking about where that kiss should have led and her utter lack of control when it came to Bill Ashton.
When she wasn’t obsessing about the empty space in her bed, she concentrated on researching the Wiccan religion. In the wee hours of the morning she finished off the bottle of wine both had thought prudent to avoid with dinner, then drifted off to dream fragmented, hot dreams she hadn’t had since adolescence.
Staggering to the door, she picked up the coffee and the day-old version of the paper the managers had kindly left for her. Settling into the armchair, she poured a cup of coffee and scanned the paper. She snickered a little as she read the loose cow and loud music reports. Not much had changed since last week’s edition. Her eyes narrowed as she saw an advertisement for crystals and ‘mood enhancers’ at a place called The Eight-Fold Path. In one corner of the ad was a depiction she vaguely recognized from last night’s research. By then she’d been too preoccupied to really retain a whole lot anyway.
She put the paper to one side of the chair, then sipped her coffee while staring blankly out the window onto the quiet street below. She had never been very good at avoidance. No matter how much she drank or tried to amuse herself with the antics of a small town or lusted after the local hunk, her mind refused to budge from the inescapable facts that had become her life over the last three days. Samantha was missing and now someone had locked Arden herself into his or her crosshairs. 
It seemed like the last several days had conspired against her, but by God, she’d learned long ago that the only person who will take care of you is yourself. And one of the first rules of taking care of yourself was to stay smart. Now that she’d seen that advertisement, today seemed like a fine day to meet the owner and operator of The Eight-Fold Path and investigate the Wiccan coven’s gathering place. But first, she needed to rid herself of these awful bags under her eyes and feel like a real person again.
* * * *
God, he was hung over. Stumpy Goltree groaned, barely lifting his head from the back of the bench seat of his truck. He didn’t remember all that much about last night, but looking at the empty bottle of Beam in the seat next to him, he had a pretty good idea of what had caused his amnesia. How in the hell had he ended up here of all places? Out of the corner of one eye he saw a person walking out of the shi-shi little bed and breakfast some fags from San Francisco had bought and refurbished for the goddamn bloodsucking tourists. The woman who approached was wearing running shorts and a white tee shirt. It was Arden Jones. He watched as she leaned down and touched her toes, stretching out a damned nice set of legs. Then she began to lope down the hill toward the downtown district. He was too freaking tired to go chasing after her, and he still couldn’t quite remember why he wanted to, it was too fuzzy and he was still half drunk. What the hell, he thought, she’ll have to come back. He leaned his head back on the seat again and fell into a light doze.
* * * *
Arden never knew that while two sets of eyes were watching her, only one was measuring her, making decisions on her life. And on her death. 

Standing on the elevated boardwalk which ran in front of the entire downtown area, Arden marveled over the antique oak and beveled glass doors, which beckoned passerbys strolling the wooden path. In L.A. these places would have been broken into about thirty seconds after the owner closed for the day. There were no alarm systems, no bars on the doors or windows, nothing but antique locks that looked like they took a skeleton key, for God’s sake. 
The stores obviously catered to the tourist trade, but just two doors down from where she currently stood was an honest-to-God western clothing and tack store. Not one of those trendy places that sold red boots and Garth Brooks shirts and designer paddock pads for the pampered horse, but a store that counted on the patronage of the local farmers and ranchers. A place with Wranglers by the stack, cotton snap-up shirts, and no-shit riatas piled up helter-skelter next to the scratchy woolen blankets that ranch horses the world over knew and grimly anticipated.
This little town amazed her with it’s constant shifting, changing. Every time she tried to buttonhole it, give it a neat little definition, she was thrown for yet another loop. It was something she’d experienced in other countries, but never expected to see in Northern California. Her most recent surprise stood before her.
The Eight-Fold Path was a quaint little shop, dimly lit and smelling of sandalwood. Crystals of all shapes and sizes glinted behind strategically lit display cases. Jewel-toned jars lined the top of an ancient apothecary table and held a myriad of incense sticks and cones. Gleaming wind chimes hung from u-hooks sprinkled liberally throughout the room, their delicate tinkling further cementing the intimate feel of the establishment. 
The woman behind the counter had to be a hundred and fifty years old if she was a day, but the welcoming smile she showered on Arden was as youthful as Spring. “Good morning, dear. Welcome to The Eight-Fold Path, the road to spiritual and personal enlightenment.”
* * * *
Special Agent Frank Drebin was leaving. Ashton stood in the door of the Administration Building of the Sheriff’s Department and watched him fold his impossibly long body into the government sedan with a feeling of profound regret. If someone had told him three days ago that he would actually want the FBI in his town he would have had a hearty laugh at their expense. Drebin had been recalled to San Francisco to have a look at one of their unsolved cases. The man certainly put in quite a few miles.
In his hand he held Drebin’s profile of their killer. At the top of the cover page was Drebin’s pager and cell phone number. He’d given Bill carte blanche in contacting him if anything new came up, and Bill knew he fully expected an update at least every few days. It was comforting to know he wouldn’t be flying solo on this one.
Sitting in the middle of his paperwork-overwhelmed desk was the final crime scene report that the Modesto crime lab had compiled. A criminalist from the Modesto Scientific Investigation Division had arrived late yesterday afternoon and scanned each scene, proclaiming them to be secure. So this morning the crime scene tape would come down and the local lookey-loos would be out in force. Knowing that criminals sometimes return to the scene of the crime, he’d assigned one of his patrol deputies the duty of sitting under a covert tree and photographing any and all visitors over the next several days.
It seemed that everything he’d secured for investigation was being released today. Arden’s car had been analyzed from bumper to bumper, with no abnormalities to be found with the exception of what had caused the breakdown in the first place, a split radiator hose. He’d had Tony Ortiz come by the station yesterday afternoon to fix Arden’s car, knowing she would want to be on her way as soon as possible.
He was avoiding her. He’d even gone so far as to have Gail call the bed and breakfast and leave a message regarding the release of her car. He had way too much on his plate right now to be thinking about a woman, even one as strong and smart and sexy as Arden Jones, and when he was around her he couldn’t help but think of her.

Chapter Fifteen

Arden returned to her room pleasantly exhausted from her exercise, but puzzled by her visit to The Eight-Fold Path. She didn’t know what it was she had expected after her surfing of the Wiccan websites last night, but The Eight-Fold Path certainly wasn’t it. Ynes, the kindly woman behind the counter had invited her to sit down for a cup of tea and a lesson on the misconceptions of the Wiccan religion.
What she had learned made her uneasy. It almost made too much sense, at least the way Ynes had presented it. Honor the land, nature and do no one harm. It seemed like a very simple, straightforward credo. Then her teacher had explained the name behind the shop and Arden began to see where the Wiccan religion took the fork in the road other religions dared not to. 
According to Ynes, The Eight-Fold Path was a training manual of sorts for initiates wishing to become an adept or master of the Magickal Arts. In Ynes’ coven, only white magick was practiced; dabbling in the black Arts resulted in immediate expulsion from the community. The journey down The Eight-Fold Path began with mental discipline through fasting and physical discipline. Arden could understand that, even appreciate its simplicity. Granted, she’d never been particularly religious, even throughout her formative years in the Lutheran church. Personally, she’d always wondered why she needed a middleman to talk to or appeal to God. It made no sense to her, and probably never would.
The second aspect was the development of the Will through mental imagery, visualization, and meditation. Once again, no real surprises there. The whole chanting thing was an association she made with religion as a whole anyway. Arden started to get a little leery of the whole thing after that. Ynes ran down the list of the remaining physical and attitudinal changes required to become an adept, and it included everything from the controlled use of drugs to astral projection and sexual magick.
Arden wasn’t so sure she bought the whole hocus-pocus, casting spells thing and told Ynes so. The woman smiled a gentle smile and handed her a card. It was embossed with the symbol she’d seen in the paper and now knew to be the Wheel of the Year. At the bottom of the card was a name and address. Josie Galloway, High Priestess, Hwy 140N.
* * * *
Shaking her head in consternation at what some people actually believed, she entered the lobby of the bed and breakfast, only to be stopped by Mindy Turner in the lobby. Mindy relayed the message that her car had been both released and repaired, and could be picked up at the Chevron station down the street. 
Arden ignored the questions swirling through the innkeeper's eyes, knowing that Mindy had been keeping track of her whereabouts since her dinner with the Sheriff two nights ago. From the hungrily inquisitive look on her face, the Sheriff's late-night departure last evening had not gone unnoticed.
Refusing to validate or even acknowledge his visit, Arden concentrated instead on the news Mindy had given her. It considerably lifted her spirits. She wanted her own car back, and as soon as possible. The rental she’d acquired was bland and drab compared to the spunk of her little sports car. She bolted up the stairs to her room, contacted the rental company for pickup of the sedan, then hurried to the shower.
With the release of her car she became free of any ties to the Sheriff’s Department. After last night she wanted to stay as far away from Bill Ashton as possible. He was too close and she was too damned attracted to play by even her own rules. 
Now that she had her car she could investigate Samantha’s disappearance herself, without any rules or encumbrances. She knew deep inside, that Sam had become the killer’s latest catch. If she could ferret out any information that may save Sam’s life, she would never let it go. 
As the hot water pummeled her, kneading the muscles in her neck, shoulders and back, her mind lazily drifted from fantasy to steamy fantasy. Shaking herself out of what was almost a trance, she decided on a course of action. She would meet Josie Galloway and find out exactly how or even if the Wiccans tied into her sister’s disappearance.
* * * *
With something akin to joy, she paid the repair bill for her car, marveling at the low price on the repair of the radiator. Then, in the shadows of the inky garage she saw a Hispanic man staring at her and knew. He was Tony Ortiz, the one who’d found her car. Hesitantly approaching him, she introduced herself.
Tony was immediately apologetic and more than happy to answer questions about his response time to the call and exactly what had been wrong with the vehicle. And while he never said it, Arden knew that he had repaired the little car dirt cheap because he felt guilty about the role he had played in Sam’s disappearance, no matter how small. 
Thirty minutes. That was all it had taken Tony to respond to Sam’s call for help. Thirty minutes in time where everyone who touched this event became effected by it. Thirty minutes that changed her life.
Just as Arden turned to leave, Tony made a surprised sound and grabbed her arm. Looking back she saw that he was holding out a piece of paper.
“I almost forgot. I found this jammed in the hood insulation when I was fixing the radiator, ma’am. It musta just got crammed up there. I don’t know why I didn’t just throw it away, but I’ve never seen anything like it, and for some weird reason I thought I should give it to you. It’s probably nothing.” He thrust the paper into her hand and scurried back to the comforting darkness of the garage.
Arden looked at the paper curiously, not even beginning to comprehend what it was that she was looking at. To her it looked like a bunch of abstract lines. Probably some kid’s doodles that flew out the window and got caught in her hood. She absentmindedly stuffed it into her back pocket, heading to her car.
Driving down the highway toward what she hoped would be a gold mine of information, she was completely unaware of the fact that she’d been followed.
* * * *
For a moment Teddy wondered if the target had made her. Why else would she have changed cars? Getting close enough to the garage to hear the conversation between Arden Jones and the mechanic clarified it. Settling back into the seat, looking for all the world like a tourist, the assassin waited to see where the prey would go from here.
* * * *
Stumpy woke with a phlegmy snort. His neck ached with a crick more painful than a kick to the balls. He could barely lift his goddamned head, for Christ’s sake. He experimentally shifted his body, sitting up gingerly, looking around the deserted street. Shit, he’d slept the morning away. It had to be at least ten. 
Looking around for the military-babe’s car, he spotted the sedan parked in the overflow lot halfway down the street. Frowning, he decided what to do. Why was he even here in the first place? He still couldn’t remember what had compelled him to stake out the broad’s place. Damn. He could have been home sleeping in his own bed, maybe with a piece of tail if he’d played it right. Instead, he’d fell to sleep sitting up and drunk in a public parking lot. He was lucky one of the other deputies hadn’t seen him. He was already in enough trouble with the Sheriff as it was. 
Shaking his head in disgust, he pulled the pickup truck out into traffic, heading toward his trailer. Just as he reached the main drag in town he saw a bright red flash and blond hair flowing in the breeze. Now there’s a pretty picture, he thought, straining to focus his blurry eyesight on the young blonde in the convertible. His bleary eyes widened as he realized that Arden Jones had just driven past him, headed due north on Highway 140. 
He turned right onto the road, cutting into traffic behind a nondescript sedan. Both cars were headed out of town, toward Yosemite. Yawning behind a huge hand, Stumpy hoped like hell she wasn’t headed for the Park for a day of sightseeing. He hung back, putting plenty of space between himself and the little red convertible. He knew these roads like the back of his own hand. He’d been driving them since before he was legal.
As the three-car procession wound through the steadily rising hills of the Midpines area, he began to get a feeling, and it was a bad one. He couldn’t pinpoint it, and didn’t even try. Something was wrong, and that’s all there was to it. Fumbling for the cell phone the Sheriff had nagged every officer into carrying, he set it on the seat beside him and then concentrated on the highway unfurling before him.
* * * *
Arden had never seen a road or country like it. She was only five minutes out of town and already the scenery had changed dramatically. She approached a passing lane and pulled over to the right, enjoying the landscape too much to charge pell-mell up the hill. Only two vehicles were behind her, and both seemed content to continue up the mountain at a leisurely pace. Just as she thought she couldn’t be surprised, the trio topped the crest of a golden peak, and the road began a deep, curvaceous descent. Initially, the road was composed of wide sweeping turns, and Arden gleefully put the car through its paces. The hairpin turns further down the mountain were no match for the superb handling of the car and soon she left her driving companions in her wake. The downward grade finally began to level out and take a final elliptical turn. As she rounded the corner, the Merced River spurted out of a ravine to her left, bordering the road she drove on, churning alongside the rock wall separating it from the two-lane road.
Arden had never considered herself to be a tactile sort of person, but it seemed today she was just that. She reveled in the sensation of the sun raining down upon her, the fresh, warm air whipping through her hair. It was freedom she felt, and it was wonderful. Gone were all thoughts of Sam and mysterious callers and her undeniable, ever-increasing attraction to the Sheriff. Just as when she ran, her problems faded away and the world became hers.
She traversed the narrow road, looking for the landmarks Tony and Ynes had described to her. There it was up ahead. A dilapidated old building on the other side of the river. Squeezing the car onto the side of the road, she took the business card out of her pocket, squinting at the address that had been painted onto the rock wall aeons ago. Yes, it matched. Squaring her shoulders, she took a deep breath and crossed the highway to the swaying bridge, preparing to enter the world of a Wiccan coven.
* * * *
Teddy drove past the bridge, doing a quick reconnoiter. There, just up the road was another turn out. The assassin expertly maneuvered the sedan into the tiny space, then eased out the door, making sure that the target was still on the bridge. Sure enough, she was. Pulling the .38 from its holster hidden inside the windbreaker jacket and hiding it against a denim-encased leg, Teddy glided toward the gently swaying bridge, quickly catching up with the woman feeling her way for each step.
* * * *
Arden was surprised to hear a voice calling to her from the road. Turning carefully, she glanced back at the woman approaching her. She was young and attractive, with curly auburn hair and a wide, welcoming smile. She was dressed in loose-fitting blue jeans and a windbreaker, which seemed odd on a summer day, but different strokes for different folks. She also seemed to be holding onto her leg, although she didn’t walk with a limp. 
Arden smiled, maybe this was Josie Galloway. What a break that would be.
“Hello, I’m Arden Jones. Are you Josie?” She asked hopefully.
The other woman smiled. “No Arden, my name is Teddy. I’m glad I finally get to meet you in the flesh. You’re much prettier in person than on TV.”
Arden froze, looking at the woman in uncomprehending shock. She knew that voice. It was the voice from yesterday, the voice that had promised to find her, the voice that was looking for Samantha. How could those silkily dangerous sounds come out of such an ordinary looking woman?
“Listen,” she said shakily, “I have no idea where Samantha is. I want to find her just as badly as you do. Please…” she began, then was cut off by the cold muzzle of an enormous gun that magically appeared directly in front of her nose. Her mind whirled, running over every scenario ever taught to her in the military, ever seen on television, ever read in a crime novel. She came up devastatingly empty.
“Walk. We’ll talk about Samantha and money and Carlos to your heart’s delight in a moment. Just keep walking.” Gone was the warm sexless voice she’d been greeted with. The cold, measured tone of a person more than ready to do as she said took its place. Arden looked at the woman’s uncompromising face, swallowed, then nodded and began her careful traverse of the bridge once more.
* * * *
Stumpy saw the two women on the bridge before he even reached Arden’s car. They seemed to be talking, and then he saw the shape of what was unmistakably a gun in the shorter woman’s hand. Cursing, he swerved to the side of the road, putting on his flashers and thumbing open the cell phone. Taking deep breaths to clear his clouded head, he quickly reported what he’d seen, then snapped the phone shut, turned off the volume and began a hunt of his own.
* * * *
Oh Jesus, Oh Jesus. That was the only thought that seemed to run through Stumpy Goltree’s mind. He’d never had to throw down on a woman before. Shit, he’d never had to draw on a man either. But sure as Christ coming, he was gonna have to now. Pulling his backup gun from the holster strapped to his left calf, he crab-walked sideways, putting his back to the wall of the ancient house. He heard the rumble of an engine and quickly glanced over his shoulder, over the sluggishly drifting waters of the Merced, past the swaying bridge, praying that backup was here. Instead, a motorhome crawled past, beetling it’s way up the river road toward Yosemite. 
Taking a deep, silent breath, he slid further down the wall. Hazarding a quick peek, he poked his head around the corner of the decaying old building. There she was. She was pointing a monstrous handgun at Captain Jones and speaking so quietly he couldn’t hear a word she said, even though he was less than ten feet away. Goddamn. Pulling on a reserve of strength and courage he’d never known he had, he stepped around the corner, bringing his weapon to bear.
“Freeze. Sheriff’s Department.” He stood in that wide-legged pose taught to law enforcement officials from day one, his tall, sturdy body as fixed as an oak. Everything moved in slow motion. The woman began to spin around, bringing up the deadly handgun. Out of the corner of his eye he could see Captain Jones moving, trying to bring down her stalker. 
“Nooooo,” he yelled, watching as the gun arced toward him, watching as the military officer tried to tackle her assailant and missed, watching as the assassin’s finger tightened on the trigger. 
He threw himself across the dusty yard toward Arden, attempting to cover her with his body or deflect the assassin’s attention, firing as he did so. The shots deafened him as the tiny semi-automatic SIG Sauer he held stitched bullet holes across the woman’s chest, bringing a look of shock to her uncomprehending face. Her finger tightened again on the trigger of her pistol as she began a slow turn, the first act in a ballet of death.
He hit the ground with a dull thud, jacking the clip out of his weapon and slapping a new one in even as he scrambled to put himself between Miss Jones and the shooter. The would-be killer was writhing on the ground, but still held the gun in a deathly grip. 
“Drop your weapon, now!” Stumpy roared, centering his sights on the center of her forehead. He watched in disbelief as she fumbled with the weapon, then took one quick step forward and kicked it out of her hand. 
Teddy looked up at him, really seeing him for the first time, then passed out, knowing even as she dropped off that she was dead, and that Samantha had won, again.
“Captain Jones, are you OK? Ma’am?” Risking a quick glance behind him he saw Arden sitting in the dust, leaning up against the side of the house. She clutched one shoulder, trying to stem the flow of blood as it blossomed across the blinding whiteness of her tee shirt. “Shit, shit, shit. Ma’am, I’m sorry, but I really need your help here. Can you get up?”
Arden struggled to stand, leaning heavily on the grayed and peeling siding of the building. “Yeah, hold on just a second.” She pushed away from the building, then walked unsteadily to where the big man was standing over the unconscious woman. He shrugged out of his western-style shirt, then began to peel off the tee shirt he wore beneath. “What do you need me to do?”
“First, let me look at your wound.” Keeping an eye and his pistol trained on the prone woman at his feet, he inspected Arden’s wound with his free hand. He grunted. “Bullet’s still in there. Here.” He handed her his tee shirt. “Hold this against your shoulder to staunch the bleeding.” He pressed Arden’s hand hard against her blood and gore-stained shoulder. 
She swayed alarmingly, grabbing onto his arm to regain her balance. This close to him she could smell the sour odor of last night’s whiskey and the sweat that always accompanies a good drunk. She closed her eyes until the grayness and it’s accompanying dizziness retreated, then pushed away from the big deputy. “I’m okay now. Really. What should I do?”
Stumpy looked at her for a long second, trying to tell if she was bullshitting him, or if she really could stand. With a short nod of approval, he refocused that half of his attention on the wounded woman on the ground. Reaching into his back pocket, he withdrew a tiny cell phone. “Call 911 now. Tell the dispatcher that I’ve got your stalker contained, but that we need an ambulance right now, or she’s never gonna make it out of here alive.” 
The peace officer dropped to his knees, training his weapon on the woman with one hand and prodding her wounds with the other. There was no response. She was clearly unconscious.
 Arden stood over the deputy, absently looking down at her bloodstained shoulder as she dialed 911 with the other hand. As the dispatcher came on the line, Arden relayed his request, stopping only when the operator asked which deputy she was referring to. She looked down at him, the beginning of a smile combating the lines of pain surrounding her mouth. "They want to know who you are.”
“Just tell them its Stumpy.” He said without glancing back at her. “Never mind. Do you know how to use one of these? Okay, then hang on to it while I try to stop her bleeding.” He handed her the SIG and took back the telephone, tossing it to the ground next to him as he began to work on Teddy, leaving the connection open so the dispatcher could hear everything that transpired.
Arden started to laugh. Hysterically laugh. The deputy looked over his shoulder at her as he ripped his overshirt into strips. “What’s so damned funny?” he growled.
“You’re Stumpy? Oh, this is priceless. What a perfect end to my day.” She sat down hard in the dirt, tears rolling down her cheeks as she alternated between hysterical crying and laughter. She took one hard look at the woman who had wrought such destruction in her life in such a short amount of time. All because she was Samantha’s sister. All because they must have known that she would never let it go, not until Samantha was found, dead or alive.
She could hear the dispatcher hollering at them through the phone then heard her screaming, “Officer needs assistance, officer needs assistance.” They’ll be here soon, she thought, Oh God, I hope they’re here soon. Stumpy, she hysterically thought, then the world grayed out.

The Fourth Fold

It is the end of her first week. Of course she doesn’t know that.

Samantha sat in the chair, brooding over the hundreds of books staring back at her. She was getting a damn headache. She’d been reading entirely too much and what she read just confused her. She knew that this was his purpose, but there was nothing else to do besides read, or go slowly out of her mind.
She’d already eaten her afternoon meal and was feeling restless. She knew what part of it was. She hadn’t had any exercise since she’d come here, however long ago that was. It felt like a month, but she knew it had to be closer to a week, maybe two. Her eyes were drawn once again to the yoga book on the second-to-last shelf. She’d never been a workout freak, in fact, she’d been high for the last several years, on and off, and had burned off any excess pounds that way.
She knew, though, that if she wanted to be able to confront her abductor when he eventually came to her, she needed to stay in shape, and unless he wheeled a TV and VCR in here, it looked like the books were going to be her only resource.
With a sigh she pulled herself up and selected the yoga book. This should be interesting, she thought, as she looked at the various pretzel-like contortions illustrated within. She sat down in the middle of the room, assuming the classic lotus pose, and went to work.
* * * *
Oh, she is amazing. She is beginning to get an inkling, but will not know inner peace and cannot enter the Astral Plane until she looks deep into herself and accepts the wrongs and rights she has committed in the past. When she is ready, I will speak to her again.
* * * *

Three weeks later…
Deep, cleansing breaths drove her deeper and deeper into a meditative state. Toned muscles flowed from one position to the next, a smooth, supple ballet performed to the soothing chants of Enya. As she settled into the lotus position and took a deep cleansing breath, she sensed his presence at the camera. It was bizarre, she KNEW he was there. What came next surprised her.
“Hello Diana. You are progressing admirably, even faster than I thought you might. Your body is beautiful, it flows just as a woman’s body should. Are you faring as well on your lessons? Do you have any questions?” His voice was smooth, cultured, and, she admitted with a tiny shock, oh so welcome.
Her mind spun, looking for purchase and not finding any. She took a deep cleansing breath, and asked the most important question. “Why?” 
As her ears hungrily caught and devoured the sounds of another human voice, he began his lesson and she began the walk down the road to enlightenment.

Chapter Sixteen

“Goddamn it, I’m fine.” Arden snapped. “I’d be even better if you’d quit poking and prodding at me.” The glare she was shooting at the uniformed medical technician didn’t seem to faze the airman one bit.
“Just hold still Captain, this won’t take long. I just need to make sure this is healing okay.” The tech looked quickly at Arden’s face, trying to bolster the courage to ask if the rumors about how she’d been shot were true. The clinic at L.A. Air Force Base didn’t get to treat gunshot wounds very often, in fact the tech couldn’t remember the last time she’d seen one outside of training videos.
Arden took one look at the expression on the airman’s face, sighed, and then relented. “What do you want to know?”
“They’re saying that you threw your body in front of a cop and took a bullet for him. And that some psychopath killed all those women and then went after you. Is it true?” The tech spoke in a hushed, slightly awed voice.
“Yes and no. Yes, I took a bullet, obviously, but I didn’t throw myself in front of a cop to save him. I was trying to tackle the shooter and missed her completely. The psychopath who killed those five women is another person entirely. If anyone asks, could you please tell them that?” Arden asked the question wearily. She was getting tired of the sidelong glances and whispered conversations about her.
She’d been on the mend for five weeks now, and there wasn’t a day that passed that she didn’t think about the events that had transpired that hot Friday in June. 
* * * *
The wail of the ambulance siren was the first thing she became conscious of, and it mirrored her waking moments that morning so perfectly that for a moment she thought she was back in her comfortable bed at the hotel, just beginning her day. The concerned face of the paramedic hovering over her had quickly dispelled that illusion, and with that realization came a bolting, blinding pain. It was centered in her left shoulder, but broke across her whole body in wave after wave. She remembered trying to ask the paramedic where she was, but the gray fuzziness had overcome her once again.
* * * *
The next time she awoke it was to the repetitive beep of monitoring devices. The room was white and cold and sterile and Arden knew then that she was in deep shit. Her upper body seemed to be completely immobilized. She could feel a deep throbbing somewhere in the region of her left shoulder, but her head was so muzzy it was hard to concentrate on any one thing for more than a few seconds. A male nurse materialized at her side, smiling down at her, the bluish-whiteness of his teeth imprinting themselves on her retinas in a ghost image. He wavered, then split into two and she was gone again.
* * * *
When Arden finally, really became lucid, she lay still, counting ceiling tiles and trying to figure out what in the hell had happened. It came back to her in fragments and flashes, almost as if she were viewing scenery through the windows of a moving train…bit by bit by bit. She heard a rustling to her right and carefully craned her neck, looking straight into the soul-searching eyes of Sheriff Bill Ashton. Behind him she could see the starched uniform-blue crispness and rod-straight posture of her boss, Major Mark Allen.
“Hey,” she croaked, her voice rusty and dry with disuse. 
“Hey yourself,” said Bill quietly. His eyes were bloodshot and the dark circles beneath them almost looked painted there. He reached over and clasped her right hand. “You scared the shit out of us Arden.”
Feeling more than a little bit overwhelmed by both the situation and the genuine concern and fear she could see in his face, she had just begun to formulate some sort of smart, jazzy reply when a diminutive figure swept in.
“Out, everyone out. Yes, that means you too, Ashton. I’ve got a patient on the mend and a pissed-off throng of reporters out there. You deal with them.” The whirlwind in scrubs swept both men out without so much as protest then turned to his patient. Being in the Air Force for as long as she had, Arden had become accustomed to young doctors, but this guy took the cake. He looked twelve.
Disjointed, she watched him give her a thorough once-over, then looked her straight in the eye. “I know I look like Doogie Howser. Let me assure you, I’m not. I’m Dr. Mark Lewis. I have a medical degree from Stanford and did my emergency medicine residency at UC Davis Medical Center in Sacramento, okay?” At her weak nod he continued. “I’m going to give it to you straight because you look like the type who can handle it and because they tell me you’re some hotshot Air Force supergirl.” Lewis knew he was laying it on a little thick, but he didn’t get a chance to treat too many gunshot wounds that weren’t hunting accidents in Mariposa. 
“You were shot in the left shoulder with a .38 caliber handgun. It tore you up pretty good. However, I see no reason to expect anything other than a full recovery. Your boss wants to have you evac’d to Travis as soon as you’re stable so a military doc can check up on my work. They’ve also got top-notch specialists there, something we obviously don’t have here in the sticks. I’m going to authorize your transport tomorrow, most likely. Any questions so far?” He asked, handing her a cup of water with a straw poking jauntily out of the rim.
She took a sip, then looked up at him. “Where is she?”
Dr. Lewis looked down at her, weighing the pros and cons of even answering that question. Deciding that honesty was the best policy in this case, he answered.
“She’s dead. She bled out at the scene. You want to know anything else, ask the Sheriff. Speaking of which, he wants to talk to you, question you about what happened. Do you feel up to it, or should I have him wait a while, let you get your feet under you a little?”
Arden could have cried at the earnest solicitude she saw on the physician’s face. Instead she bucked up her chin and asked, “Can I sit up while I talk to him?”
* * * *
Sheriff Bill Ashton reviewed the last week of his life and came to the conclusion that it didn’t get much worse. He now had six dead women, a wounded one in ICU, the Air Force on his ass, and a media feeding frenzy. To make matters even worse, the officer he’d placed on administrative leave for leaking information to the press was now the darling of the fucking state because he saved the same woman he’d placed in jeopardy. 
Of course, the newsies weren’t portraying it that way. Stumpy was a goddamn hero because he just happened to be in the same neighborhood as Arden Jones when a contract killer had decided to exterminate her. Bill wasn’t buying it. Stumpy had been there for a reason, and had just made himself number sixty-two on Bill’s list of things to check into.
He’d been second on the scene, right behind Doug Brewster. They’d crossed the rickety old bridge at the speed of light, rounding the corner of the house to find Stumpy, Arden, another bleeder and a very frightened but composed Josie Galloway. She’d been inside the house, working on her computer when gunfire had rung out. The pressure she’d applied to Arden’s wound had probably saved her life.
Bill never wanted to relive the moment when he’d seen Arden lying in the dirt, crimson staining the entire front of her body. His heart had literally stopped. And in that brief, illuminating instant he’d known that none of it mattered. All the bullshit, the press, the dead women on the mountain, it was all meaningless as long as Arden Jones was alive. It was one of the defining moments of his life and it scared the shit out of him. He’d known they were attracted to each other, intensely attracted. Hell, they’d both admitted as much. But what he felt went much deeper than simple attraction, and he couldn't even begin to explain it. 
What struck him most was the incredible, killing rage he’d felt. If their shooter hadn’t already been minutes from death, he probably would have finished it and never thought twice. What did that say about him as a lawman, a peace officer? And what did it say about the way he felt about Arden Jones? He’d known her less than a week, for God’s sake, and he couldn’t see past tomorrow, when she’d be gone.
Now she was safely ensconced in her hospital bed, and he didn’t know what the hell to do with her. Her boss, Major Allen, sat next to him on the hard plastic chair. He seemed solid and dependable and knew how to handle the press. For that alone, Bill was thankful. He wasn’t so happy with the fact Allen would be taking Arden away from him. He knew it was selfish, but after the scene this morning in that dusty courtyard, he was feeling selfish, and more than just a little mean.
Drebin had called him as soon as the story had broken on the lunchtime news, and offered to turn around and come back to Mariposa. Bill had, of course, refused. He now saw the whole scenario with startling clarity. Drebin had been both right and wrong.
While the death threat and the subsequent attempt on Arden’s life and the deaths of the five women could not be directly linked, they had all occurred in an eerily similar time frame. He hoped to God the gut feeling he now shared with Arden was wrong, but he didn’t think so. They would find Samantha Henning all right, but he wasn’t taking any bets on finding her alive, or, for that matter, who her killer would be. 
It wasn’t like him to be so fatalistic, but he could actually taste the defeat on his tongue on this one, and felt helpless to change the shiver of dread rolling up his spine. Maybe Doug would find a common link between the missing persons and the bodies they’d found. Maybe it would be as easy as finding a fingerprint on something obvious. Maybe the killer would suffer a bout of remorse and turn himself in. Bill wasn’t counting on being so blessed on any of those counts.
So they were back at square one, with the minor exception of Captain Arden Jones. Major Allen had already ensured her safety, because they both knew that whoever had sent the unidentified woman after Arden wouldn’t stop with this one attempt. They thought she knew much more than she did, and they would keep after her until they got what they were looking for. As much as he hated to admit it, Mariposa was no longer safe for Arden. She’d be much more secure behind the chain link and M16s the Air Force could provide.
So he’d take her statement and make his empty promises about finding whomever had done this to her. He’d promise to search for Samantha, to leave no stone unturned. And he was almost certain he’d fail them both in the process.
* * * *
And so here she sat. Five weeks older and not one damned bit closer to either her sister or Bill Ashton. She wanted to be back in Mariposa, digging into the truth of her sister’s disappearance, and maybe exploring what she’d seen in the Sheriff’s eyes when she awoke in the hospital. But no, she’d been ordered to stay put. As a member of the United States Air Force, she was considered an asset, an asset they were not willing to endanger. So, her leave had been cancelled until further notice. They, the Air Force, that is, were watching her like a hawk, making sure that the mysterious Carlos didn’t get anywhere near her. 
She talked to the Sheriff on a weekly basis, but there was a formality to their conversations, a stilted awkwardness she could sense but couldn’t quite pin down. 
They had nothing. Nothing on Samantha’s disappearance, nothing on her own brush with death, nothing on the murders. They didn’t even have the name of her assailant, at least not that she knew of. The worst of it was, she was still the only person insisting on making the connection between Samantha and the killer. 
Everyone involved seemed to think Samantha had just gotten scared and run. It was so implausible it was laughable, and it pissed her off to no end. If she hadn’t known better she would have accused all the authorities of sitting on their asses while trails grew cold left and right. But she knew differently. She’d seen the dedication, that hound-dog determination that drove both the Sheriff and his deputies. If there were something there, they’d find it. It was just maddening to wait for that something to turn up.

The Fifth Fold

The Goddess has been kind. Our combined power, channeled into the form of the sigil I so cleverly placed in that damnable automobile, compelled her blood, her family to leave us, let us seek our destiny together. She may not realize it, but she has the Power. The power over everything. Even me. 

It was Lammas, the Celebration of Harvest and one of the major Wiccan holidays. He had been kind enough to inform her of the date, and from her reading she knew the significance of the twenty-four hours she was currently living in. 
She stood in front of the massive bookcase, scanning the titles, waiting for something to catch her eye. She’d tried starting at the top and reading down, but the militant alphabetization of the shelves acted as a deterrent. And, she thought ruefully, she just couldn’t read one more word about Allah.
Trailing her fingers lightly over the varying textures and shapes of the tomes, she waited for one to reach out and grab her, like so many had over the past six weeks. Yesterday it had been a biography on David Koresh, and a few days before that, a compilation of articles on the Heaven’s Gate cult. She’d already consumed everything Wiccan, figuring that had been the first, best way to begin to understand Him and what drove their now intertwined future. Anything that dealt with religion seemed to be cataloged in the wall before her, be it positive or negative. 
She’d pondered that duality for quite awhile before coming up with a startling insight. By giving her both sides of the coin, she was almost forced to attach credence to whichever side she found most plausible. It was brilliant.
At first she’d been puzzled, finding a common thread between the “straight” religions and less prevalent, less respected ones. She’d even found that although Christianity had eschewed it centuries before, there was a case to be made that the ancient Israelites had worshipped both male and female gods and that this bit of history had been hidden as the advent of the Church approached. It had become easier to read and retain the information as a whole as snippets of her childhood Sunday services came back to her. In most cases they were in direct opposition to what she was reading on the Wiccan religion and animistic beliefs. 
What surprised her the most was the religion’s take on sex. It advocated sex for the many things that it could be, including an act strictly for pleasure, for love, for ceremony, or for power. It was how she had always viewed her own sexuality, although she’d never met her match--in either men or women. Yes, she received and gave pleasure, but it seemed like she was always looking, seeking that extra something. It disconcerted her a little to think that what she had been unconsciously seeking may very well be contained within the pages of this man’s library.
As much as she hated to admit it, it was fascinating material, and she could clearly see her own situation mirrored in some of the writing. There was a phrase that almost described her circumstances, and she’d found it buried in the very literature he was using to reeducate her--Stockholm Syndrome.
She knew what he was doing to her, how he was changing her, shifting her personality through nothing more than the suggestion that there might be more to Samantha Henning than met the eye. It was bizarre, and made her wonder at his power over her. Unlike textbook Stockholm Syndrome, he’d used no force against her with the significant exceptions of first abducting her, then detaining her in this restricted environment. On those rare occasions that he did speak to her, there was never any threat, any coercion in their conversation. He spoke to her as a teacher might a student, or as friend to friend. It was unnerving primarily because she’d fallen into both roles so seamlessly, without any real thought of resistance past that first week.
She was shocked by the difference in herself between now and then. Six weeks ago the only thing on her mind had been going to ground, leaving Carlos and the feds scratching their heads in confusion. She had been running on animal instinct, pure and simple. 
For the past five weeks, though, she’d been forced to actually use her mind, something she hadn’t bothered to really put to work in at least fifteen years. It surprised her that it felt good to use that powerful organ, made her feel stronger, smarter than the Samantha who’d driven away from that pier in San Marcos with a Gucci bag full of cash and no thought of where she’d be tomorrow.
Today she had a pretty good idea of where she’d be tomorrow and the day after that. He had a plan for her, that she was certain. She only hoped she’d be tough enough and smart enough to prevail on the day he finally appeared before her, and that he’d believe that SHE believed.

Chapter Seventeen

Bill was tired. Tired of his inability to make a break in this case, of the press’s insistence on keeping it alive as a news story, and of the fact the mayor and the town council were now holding the possibility of his reelection over his head like an executioner’s axe. At this point, he couldn’t care less if he was ever elected to public office again. No, wait. That was just frustration talking, and he knew it. He did a damned good job as Sheriff to this county, and it just pissed him off when his best attempts didn’t amount to diddly.
He stared at Drebin’s criminal profile for what seemed like the hundredth time, but it said the same thing. White male, thirty to forty-five years of age, but probably closer to forty-five. Highly functional, but distant to others. No particular anger or spite toward women. In his mind, the deaths he’d caused were necessary, explaining the victim’s clean death and their remote placement. He’d never meant for them to be found.
He let the report slip through his fingers, then picked up another sheaf of papers. Through Sergeant Doug Brewster’s tenacious investigation they’d identified three of the remaining four victims. Jane Doe Four had become Victoria Rogers, an employee of the concession that ran tourist operations in Yosemite. She’d been a maid at one of the hotels in the Park, and when she hadn’t shown up for work, no one had really thought that much of it. She’d apparently ridden the bus to Mariposa to do some shopping, intending to return later that afternoon. Her roommate had contacted the Park Rangers, who had done a cursory search, but evidently Vicky hadn’t had all that much in her room to begin with, so everyone involved figured she’d just flown the coop.
Victim number three had been identified as Honoria Martinez, a seventeen-year-old runaway from the nearby town of Planada. She and her boyfriend, Ernesto, had disappeared at the same time, so both of their families assumed they’d run off together. Bill had asked Drebin to run Ernesto’s name and social through their databanks and had confirmed a last known address in L.A. His contacts within L.A.P.D. found Ernesto, alive and well and single, and discovered that he and Honoria had fought the day before she disappeared. She had threatened to tell her father she was pregnant to get Ernesto to marry her. Ernesto didn’t figure it to be true, but her old man’s temper was legendary, so he’d fled, and Honoria disappeared the very next day. Given the circumstances of the current case and the fact that Ernesto had done eighteen months in county lock-up for breaking and entering right before Victim Number Two had disappeared, he was inclined to believe his story.
The identification of Victim Number Two was by far the most bizarre. After a search of missing person’s records in the local area turned up nothing, they took their most vital clue to her identity to a dental forensics specialist. She’d still had braces on her teeth. After examining her dental imprints and scrapings taken by the medical examiner, he’d nailed down her age, how long the braces had been on before her death and even identified the bonding agent used to keep the straighteners on her teeth. He’d then requested a search of the databases from the big dental supply companies in the west. Their results had turned up over 500 dentists in the western United States who used that particular bonding agent. After that it became dogged police work. Doug Brewster had finally tracked her down. Katie Thorton, twenty-two, of Santa Monica had been hitching all over the West, moving from national park to national park, working in some of them as a waitress. She never made it to Yosemite.
And so they were left with one. Their best efforts to identify her had failed and even the experts at the FBI had come up with nothing. Jane Doe Number One would probably remain just that, a Jane Doe. They’d determined from her placement and the decomposition of the materials around and under her that she’d been the first, and that she’d probably been laying there, naked to the sky and the sun and the elements for more than five years. Other than the fact that it now seemed that a corpse had been left approximately every year, they had nothing. The girls didn’t seem to be related in any way, except that their disappearances in themselves were unremarkable. No one had ever missed them. And that was the thing that bothered him most about Samantha Henning and made him cling to a gut-churning conclusion. Samantha Henning was indeed their killer's next victim, and he had her right now.
This killer was an opportunist, and to this point, an extremely lucky one. Until Samantha, none of the girls had been missed, so he’d been able to continue his worship unabated. Not that the discovery of the women’s bodies had curtailed his activities any. They still had no idea who he was, what he did, or if he even lived in the area, for God’s sake. It wasn’t like Mariposa was an island unto itself, either. Oakhurst was just twenty minutes south and Merced forty-five minutes west. Both were decent-sized communities, and he knew plenty of people had bought their real estate cheap in Mariposa, then commuted to better paying jobs out of the county. What if he was one of those folks? They lived on the periphery of a lawman’s vision simply because they didn’t work in town. As long as they went about their business, they never drew attention.
Then again, what if he wasn’t a local? What if he was one of those part-time residents who flitted in for the summer, drank in the sun, then went back to their daily lives in September? It didn’t really feel right, but he had to consider it as a possibility.
In a minor miracle he associated with divine intervention, the press remained blissfully unaware of the occult aspects associated with the case. Apparently his ultimatum to the deputies and to the Goltree family had been heeded. Even the community gossips seemed determined to keep it a local matter.
Rocking back in his chair, he contemplated the dirty beige wall directly opposite him. There had been one bright spot this week. The Justice Department had come up with a trace on the bills in the duffel bag, and they thought they just might have their “Carlos.” He’d know for sure in about five hours, when Drebin called to let him know the initial results of their joint investigation. 
In one of those typical cases of big government tying it's own hands, it had taken five weeks to make the connection between the money and circumstances that Special Agent Frank Drebin had mentioned in his report and the fact that the Justice Department was looking for the same person and same amount of cash.
Well, he thought, tossing all cynicism aside for the moment, if all went well then at least he might have something positive to tell Arden. 
Arden. He’d become increasingly frustrated with their telephone conversations. They’d become more polite and labored with each encounter, when he wanted exactly the opposite. He wanted to talk to the Arden Jones who’d been through basic training and lived in different cultures and loved her sister so much that she’d been ready to sacrifice her own life to find justice. Instead, he got Captain Jones, military attaché to the Hollywood set, and she got Sheriff Ashton, the tin-star who couldn’t manage to find his own ass with both hands. 
And he missed her. A lot. That was the damndest part of all. 
Sighing, he plopped his chair back down on four legs and waited for his next appointment. Josie’s final security clearance had come through about two weeks ago. He’d hesitated all of about five seconds before having her come into the office and join the investigation as an expert. She’d been looking through the evidence and actually visited the scene, trying to give them some sort of idea what kind of witchcraft their killer was practicing. Today was the day she’d promised to brief him on exactly what she thought was going on.
* * * *
Arden was finally doing it. She'd taken a day of leave from her job just to deal with it, both physically and emotionally. The clothes she’d been wearing that day had sat patiently in their baggie for over six weeks, just waiting to be thrown away. Both her shorts and tee shirt were too bloodstained to even think about cleaning, but for some reason she’d held on to them, almost as if they were a talisman of some sort.
She sat cross-legged on her queen-sized bed, contemplating the Ziploc baggie sitting like an ugly, malicious toad in the middle of her brilliant maroon and teal bedspread. Its contents beckoned her for a reason she couldn’t even begin to understand. With shaking hands she unzipped the clear plastic, pulling out the crusty tee shirt and shorts and setting them on the trash bag she’d spread in front of her. Almost as if guided, her hands drifted to the back pockets of the denim shorts, searching for something she hadn’t even remembered placing there. 
The small white slip of paper rattled noisily in her hand as she unfolded it, a chill creeping down her back as she looked at the incomprehensible lines and whorls on the paper. For some inexplicable reason she knew it was imperative that the Sheriff see this piece of paper, and see it now. Climbing off the bed on legs that were unnaturally stiff with trepidation she headed for the door and the nearest fax machine, leaving the bloodied clothing sitting forgotten on her bed.
* * * *
Josie carefully cleared a spot on the Sheriff’s desk to place her written notes. Mentally, her thoughts were as scattered as his office. She had no idea how to begin to give him her analysis on the form of witchcraft the killer was practicing. It was a mystery even to her, and she’d dedicated her life to practicing the Craft. This guy was a piece of work. 
 To begin with, the Wiccan religion was steadfast in its belief of doing no harm--to anyone or anything. The Lady-killer, as the press had dubbed him in a stunning bout of originality, seemed to be using the physical practices of the Wiccan way of life, while completely ignoring their credo. Each of the sites had been a perfect ceremonial circle, down to the last detail. She’d racked her brain trying to come up with who it might be, but no one that she knew was capable of such atrocities. She’d even seriously considered her High Priest, a man she had entrusted her soul to, but still couldn’t make a connection between the mind doing this and one of her coven. 
She knew that she hadn't been the only one in her coven checked out by the police. She was more than relived that each one had come up clean, with the exception of a few drug charges. Those she'd expected. With that weight off her shoulders, she was ready to proceed.
Now she had to try to give the Sheriff a Cliff’s Notes version of a religion that stretched further back than Christianity. It should be interesting, to say the very least. She’d finally decided the best way to depict this killer was by describing a traditional ceremony, then explaining the deviations. 
She took a deep breath, then launched into an almost didactic, professorial tone. 
“In traditional Wiccan fashion we prepare a circle using candles, flowers and whatever herbs are recognized as having particular potency during that phase of the season. During Litha these herbs are Frankincense, Lemon, Rose, Wisteria, Lavender. We cast the circle, placing the altar in the center of the circle, facing the Southern quarter. In casting the circle we make it sacred, sacrosanct land. In order for you to understand anything about Wicca, you must understand the power of the circle. It is the definition of our religion.
“The altar can consist of almost anything, from a stump to a person, depending upon the worshipper and their beliefs. But the ceremony itself should always begin and end in the same way. 
“The two main altar candles are red. The four quarter candles are blue in the West, red in the South, gold in the East, and green in the North. All other secondary candles are red and gold. The ceremony follows, with the High Priestess and High Priest invoking the name of the Goddess to thank her for the abundance and beauty of the Earth. Spells are incanted and worshipful dances performed by the entire coven.” 
She cast a glance at him out of the corner of her eyes before continuing. “In certain covens ritualistic sex between the High Priestess and High Priest follow, then the circle is closed and the ceremony complete. We don’t practice the Great Rite in my coven; the Judeo-Christian influences in this county are too strong. It would only get us in more trouble than we already are with the community.” She grinned at the expression on his face.
“So, that’s how a traditional ceremony would be performed. Now look at your crime scene. He’s using every bit of traditional lore and ornamentation, then killing. It doesn’t fit. And this guy isn’t even practicing black magick. The signs just aren’t there. Basic practices and ideologies do change from coven to coven though. All I can figure is that he’s morphed the basic credo into something his own. It’s almost like he’s performing the Great Rite, killing his version of the High Priestess, then using their body as an altar. Whatever he is, he’s a twisted son of a bitch, let me tell you that. And he also knows exactly what he’s doing. He’s been in a coven before, he knows the setups and idiosyncrasies of a ceremonial circle too well, and while you can certainly pick that up from a book, his circles just don’t have that feel. He’s invested himself in this practice as a whole. This isn’t just a game to him or a red herring for you. He believes in what he’s doing, and that makes him even more dangerous than just a nut. He’s a religious nut with an agenda.”
Bill grimaced, glancing down at his clenched fists. The portrait Josie painted was turning out exactly as he’d feared. 
He blew out a long, tortured breath, then looked back up at Josie. “There’s someone I’d like you to meet, and soon. You’ve heard of Dr. Adam Porter, I take it?”
* * * *
Doug Brewster walked into the Sheriff’s office holding a piece of paper just as the telephone rang. Josie stood, preparing to leave. As she started for the door Doug reached out, touching her arm. 
“You need to stay for this. Have a seat.” The big sergeant looked uncharacteristically rattled. He handed the paper to the Sheriff, then closed the door, leaning up against it. 
Bill took one look at the piece of paper and went deathly pale. He looked at the blinking light on his telephone line, blew out a deep breath, then picked up the receiver.
“Arden. I’m putting you on speaker, OK? Sergeant Brewster, Josie Galloway and I are in the room. Where did you get this?” He handed the paper to Josie, bringing her fully into the circle.
“Hello Bill, Sergeant Brewster, Josie. I got it from Tony Ortiz. He gave it to me the day I picked up my car, said it had been jammed into the hood insulation. I was just getting ready to throw those clothes away and found it in one of the pockets. What in the hell is it?” Arden’s voice was brittle and frightened. "It's from him, isn't it? He's sending some kind of message."
Bill ran a hand through his hair, then leaned forward on the desk, bracing his weight on his forearms. “We think it’s a sigil. And if it was on your car, then you were right, he’s probably got Samantha. This piece of paper is undeniable evidence to the connection.” He looked up at Doug. 
“You know what this means, don’t you?”
Doug nodded his eyes serious. “I’ll pick him up now, but it doesn’t make sense. Why would he give it to Captain Jones if he did these things? He just threw suspicion on himself.” 
“Wait,” ordered Arden, and there was no doubt it was an order. Her voice rang with it. “Tony Ortiz didn’t have anything to do with this. He had no idea what it was when he gave it to me. He just said it was weird and he thought he should give it to me. Really, he was just fixing the car.”
“Arden,” said Bill wearily, “You know we can’t just let it drop like that. We have to bring the man in for questioning. That’s just the way it works. Now, that piece of paper is evidence. Are you at home? I’m going to have an uniformed LAPD officer swing by and pick it up. He’ll FedEx it to me and we’ll keep it here in our evidence room, OK?”
When her answer was long in coming, he picked up the receiver, excusing Josie and Doug with an abrupt motion of his head.
“Arden, are you all right?” he asked, worry evident in his tone.
“I just want this to be over. I’m so tired. I’m tired of being strong, of doing what’s right for everyone but me.” Her voice was rough, broken, frustrated. He thought she might be crying, but she masked it so well it was impossible to tell. The thought of the Arden Jones he knew giving in to tears was such a contradiction, such a shift in personality that it shook him to his core. From any other woman he would have expected tears long ago, even welcomed them, but even the suggestion of tears coming from tough-as-nails Arden Jones broke his heart.
“I know honey. Hang in there. This is the first and only thing we’ve got linking this guy to Samantha. You broke this wide open. Do you understand me? You’ve just given us something to go on.”
“I just wish I was there, doing something. I can’t eat, I’m not sleeping, and I can’t even exercise because of this damned cast. And everyone looks at me now. I can see it everywhere I go. They look at me and whisper.” Now she sounded crabby. Bill smiled. That was more like it.
“Are you going to be around tonight? I may have some news later this evening.”
“What? Tell me now.” He could hear the anticipation in her voice and hoped like hell that they caught that bastard Carlos this afternoon.
“I can’t. I’ll call you tonight, one way or the other, okay? Now, hang tight until I can get a uniform over there to pick up that paper. I’ll talk to you soon.”

Chapter Eighteen

Special Agent Frank Drebin helped make the bust himself. His analytical mind couldn’t pin down why he'd become so attached to the people in Mariposa, but he was. Maybe it was just the unsolved mystery that drew him. Whatever it was, he found himself looking into the case with every spare moment of his time. Yesterday his wife had accused him of being obsessed.
He was certainly something, he reflected with a wry grin, weapon drawn, waiting behind the SWAT team members assembled outside an upscale waterfront warehouse in San Marcos. 
The Justice Department had marked the money in Samantha Henning’s Gucci bag in an effort to catch and convict one Carlotta Henderson, a.k.a. Carlos, on the street. She’d been smuggling and selling Microsoft and Intel chip knockoffs since the big PC boom years ago. Her contacts in Mexico and South America had guaranteed a handsome profit with almost no overhead. Add to that the fact that she used beautiful women as her pigeons and it was a picture-perfect little business with a touch of prostitution thrown in on the side for extra profit.
The Justice Department had been trying to get close to her for some time with dismal results. Carlotta had always been very choosy when it came to picking her girls, almost paranoid as a matter of fact, which made the JD’s job that much harder. She trusted her ladies with her life or she trusted them with nothing. Samantha had been one of the first, and from what Drebin could tell from the Justice Department investigation, her predatory nature had made her one of Carlos’ early favorites. 
The JD’s lucky stroke had come when a Mexican “fishing trawler” had capsized just off the coast of San Diego. The Coast Guard and a nearby Navy destroyer had answered the distress call and found one very swamped boat with fifteen illegal aliens hanging on for dear life. The seamen had managed to save the boat and the passengers, and were just ready to turn the living cargo over to the Immigration and Naturalization Service when one of the crewmembers began to tell an interesting tale. 
The crewman, claiming he would be killed if sent back to Mexico, told a wild tale of picking up a strange cargo before they went to sea…tiny boxes that held the power of the world. The INS agents had scoffed at the man’s obvious ploy for political asylum, but the Coast Guard took him at his word.
The cases of microchips found concealed beneath a fetid cargo of fish were grade-A. Promising resident alien status to the captain and the crewman, they’d instructed the men to deliver their cargo as originally contracted. 
Compromising the receipt “agent,” one Samantha Henning, had been easy, almost too easy. They’d kept the chips and told Samantha to return to Carlos, giving them the evidence they needed to take Carlos into custody and the grounds to perform a search of the warehouse she used as a headquarters.
If only they had researched Samantha Henning as carefully as they’d examined Carlos. Unfortunately the agent in charge of the transfer had been thinking with his little head rather than his big one. He made all of the correct procedural moves. The serial numbers on the cash were annotated and Samantha’s car was equipped with a location transmitter. Then he took one look into those big blue eyes, never seeing the cunning calculation behind them, and made one gigantic mistake. He didn’t have her followed. She’d disappeared, totally and completely.
Until Drebin had mentioned the money as a sidebar to his primary investigation of the murders in Mariposa, the agents had been at a standstill. Both Carlos and the Justice Department had had their ears to the ground, but Carlos had one advantage, Samantha Henning’s cell phone. 
Drebin rolled the facts over in his mind as the team dropped into place. How Samantha Henning and Arden Jones had come out of the same womb was a puzzle to him. From what he’d seen and heard of Arden Jones, the word “integrity” should have been stamped across her forehead in big, bold letters. Samantha, on the other hand, seemed to be the type of person you watched your back around, and all the time.
The steel door of the warehouse exploded inward under the immense pressure of the battering ram and the raid was over almost as quickly as it had started. No shots were fired, and Carlotta “Carlos” Henderson was quietly led away. The SWAT members who had wagered their money on whether or not “Carlos” was actually a woman were glumly forking over their stakes in a dark corner of the building while investigators prowled the empty floor. 
Drebin’s request for a ride-along with the prisoner had been granted, and he found himself face-to-face with Samantha’s employer, even if it was through the thick mesh of the barrier between the front and back seats of the cruiser.
“Hello Carlos. I’m Special Agent Drebin with the FBI.”
The woman’s voice was clipped, matter-of-fact, cultured. “If you must speak to me, please address me as Carlotta. Other than that, Agent, I have nothing to say to you. My attorney will be speaking for me as soon as we reach the police station.”
“Certainly, I understand completely. I’m not really here in an official capacity. I just wanted to meet the person who was ballsy enough to put out a contract out on a United States Air Force officer.” Drebin sat back, waiting to see if his ploy would work. For a moment he didn’t think he’d succeeded, then she bit.
“What are you talking about?” she asked disdainfully. “I never put any contracts out. I don’t even know any Air Force people.”
“Well, I’m sure our vic will be happy to hear that. A female assassin tried to cap her, and strangely enough, the shooter was tossing your name around. And even better, she named her connection to you. Samantha Henning ring any bells? Half a mil in cash? Her sister, Arden Jones?” Drebin watched casually, carefully gauging her reaction to his barrage of facts.
She was either very good or had no idea what the hell he was talking about. Drebin wasn’t sure which path to take, so he straddled the middle and forged ahead. “I don’t know if you’re aware of it, but the US government doesn’t take very kindly to having its soldiers assassinated while they’re on holiday. Shooting at each other in a war is one thing, but this lady was on vacation for God’s sakes. And you know the most ironic thing, Carlos,” he paused for a long moment, rolling the name off his tongue with a Mexican flair, leaning into the screen. “We would’ve never even gotten the warrant if it wasn’t for that soldier. Do you understand? You fucked up. You should have left Arden Jones alone and concentrated on Samantha. Now we’ve got you, and we’ve got you cold.” Giving her a triumphant look, he swiveled his big body forward on the bench seat of the squad car, staring out the window as life in Silicon Valley forged onward.
* * * *
Two days later the 'nonexistent' contract on Captain Arden Jones’ life was withdrawn. Carlotta Henderson claimed to have never ordered such an extreme action, and Drebin believed her, almost. Since the only person who could actually tell the whole tale was dead, it seemed a moot point anyway. 
Her name had been Teddy Reynolds, and she’d been one of Carlotta’s ‘special’ girls for some time. The women in this cadre were used for more than the usual tasks of courier and hooker, they were confidants, movers and shakers, and in some cases, lovers. Samantha had been an integral part of this elite group, which sought Carlotta’s trust and affection with an almost religious fervor. From what Carlotta said, Teddy must have had seen this as a chance to even the playing field and solidify her position within the organization.
With that, Frank’s interest in Carlotta and her whole organization waned. Arden Jones and her safety had been his primary concern. While he would still puzzle over the man who had made a life out of using the Wiccan religion as a reason for killing, he had a gut-deep feeling that reign was about to end. In fact, he had no doubt about it with Bill Ashton on the case.

Chapter Nineteen

He lounged in the deep shadows of the porch, taking a rare vacation from the job, the glowing tip of the monstrous cigar he smoked highlighting his face in a homey, gentle radiance. Sighing contentedly, he propped his bare feet up on the weathered railing surrounding the deck, pushing himself even further back in the luxurious comfort of the battered old armchair. 
Boomer, lounging next to him, lifted a curious ear at his movements, then settled gratefully back into doggy slumber. Bats swooped back and forth in the gloaming, their high-pitch squeals audible every so often. Crickets sung by the millions, competing with the burgeoning stars for nature’s attention. The gentle scent of night-blooming jasmine wafted across the warm evening air, turning the balmy Friday night into a peaceful, comforting companion.
Bill was satisfied. Well, almost. The telephone call he’d just finished with Special Agent Drebin put him in a very good mood, and the call he was about to make would top off the evening nicely. Wrapping his hand around the cold neck of the microbrewed ale he was nursing, he took a swig, savoring the tangy bitterness of the beer. 
He let his hand drop, swinging the bottle between two long fingers and just listened to the night. The whining squeal of the hinges on the south door of the barn reminded him it was time for some much-needed maintenance on the outbuildings. Jimmy was great with the animals, but his carpentry skills sucked, to say the very least. In fact, it his attempt at maintenance that had screwed up the barn door in the first place.
Smiling contentedly, he nestled the bottle back into his lap and picked up the cordless phone, dialing Los Angeles.
* * * *
Arden was cleaning the toilet when the phone rang. Rather than race to the stereo to turn down the John Mellencamp currently blasting from the speakers, then to the answering machine to hear yet another telemarketer hang up, she continued to mindlessly swirl the toilet brush around the rim of the bowl. Her mind drifted, latching onto the gritty guitar licks. They floated through the air like dust motes, disassociating her from L.A., putting her back in the heartland, placing her in a land of simple people and simple dreams. She found herself listening more and more to music that reminded her of home, of family. She didn’t know whether to attribute it to her recent brush with death or the fact that thirty-five was just around the corner. Maybe it was a combination of both. Whatever it was, she’d found herself uncharacteristically emotional since her return to L.A. Her outburst on the telephone two days ago only confirmed it. She’d become a basket case.
The tale of Jack and Diane concluded with John Cougar’s raunchy voice becoming nothing more than a whisper. And just beneath that whisper and the sibilant hiss of speakers turned up entirely too high she could hear the answering machine and Bill Ashton’s smooth, rich voice.
Racing down the short hallway she managed to not only trip on the Portuguese throw rug strategically placed to detract the eye from the paint job, but to catch one corner of her favorite photo of the Azores with the strap of the shoulder harness immobilizing her arm. She skidded to a stop in front of the small desk, her shirt ripped, shattered glass behind her, and the sound of a dial tone on her machine.
“Shit, shit, shit.” She played back the message, rubbing her shoulder through the rip in the thin cotton of her tee shirt. Yeah, she grimaced; this was just the way she wanted to spend her Friday night. Cleaning the toilet when the man of her dreams calls, then leaving a path of destruction throughout her own home. It was certainly a glamorous life she led. Playing back the message she wrote down the Sheriff’s home telephone number, then saved the message just so she could hear his voice if she wished. When she realized her unconscious action she plopped down into the antique rocking chair next to the phone.
“What the hell am I doing? After one kiss I’ve made this man into something much, much bigger than he is.” Wryly shaking her head, she laughed at herself. “Shit. In my mind right now, Superman couldn’t hold a candle to Bill Ashton. And to top it off, I’m sitting in an empty house talking to myself. Not good Jones, not good at all.” Still chuckling at her own perceived insanity she made the short trip to the kitchen and pulled a dusty bottle of Portuguese red from the wine rack. If she was going to act nuts, she might as well enjoy the experience. 
Expertly opening the wine, she decanted it into one of her favorite garage sale finds, an ancient glass carafe in the shape of Tigger. His tail curved into a perfect handle and the mouth of the carafe was just wide enough to let any vintage breathe properly. She remembered the day she’d found it. She had been tickled pink thinking it was the perfect kitsch. Unfortunately Tom hadn’t felt the same way, and Tigger had been relegated to the bottom of a storage box to collect closet lint. 
On the day her divorce became final he had come out of that box and now held a place of honor on her sideboard, regardless of where in the world she was.
Arden puttered around the kitchen, deciding how and when she would return the good Sheriff’s telephone call, and Mr. Mellencamp began to wail about walls a tumblin’ down. The combination of raw, raucous bass licks and extreme volume charged her mood, switching her into high gear as she began to bop in the middle of the tiny kitchen, celebrating life and the certain justice of good, down-home guitar work.
She knew she made quite a picture, grooving to an eighties beat in the middle of the faded linoleum of her kitchen, one arm flapping in it's restraints, looking like a deranged chicken. She finished her dance, poured herself a glass of wine, and then strolled to the stereo, turning it down to a conversational level just as the CD changed. She drifted toward her rocking chair as the classic but nouveau blues of Jonny Lang cried out of the speakers, slowing, mellowing the pace, and sliding her into a different frame of mind. 
She needed to think rationally, to pin down exactly what she felt when it came to Bill Ashton. Twirling the balloon glass between her fingers she looked into the rich burgundy depths of the wine and thought. And analyzed. And came up with squat. 
She couldn’t sum up the fusion of sexuality and good, gentle warmth that seemed to settle in the pit of her stomach whenever she talked to the man. He made her feel both sexy and comfortable, a combination she would never have dreamed was compatible. In her experience, the two were seldom connected. The kicker was, it was something he seemed to do without any effort, any guise. And he managed to affect her the same way over the telephone, for goodness sakes. He didn’t even have to be in the same room for her to picture what they would be like together, and how good it would be. 
Arden Jones wasn’t the type of woman who jumped headlong into anything, but both her heart and her hormones were leaning dangerously in Bill Ashton’s direction. It scared the crap out of her for the simple reason that nothing about the two of them fell into her neatly planned outline of her future. And that was only the beginning.
While she couldn’t discount her obvious attraction to the Sheriff, she had to keep reminding herself why they had met in the first place. Samantha was missing, and presumably in the hands of a serial killer. There was little doubt of that now, with the discovery of the sigil in her car. How could she, in good conscience, pursue anything with Ashton? It just wasn’t right, it wasn’t proper, and she was afraid. Afraid deep down in her bones that nothing she or the Sheriff could do would be good enough or fast enough to save Samantha’s life. 
Then what? Regardless of her past relationship with Samantha, she was still her sister, and if Arden’s fears became reality, she would never stop until the man responsible for harming her was dead. Not brought to justice, not put on trial. Dead.
Where, under those unbending conditions, did the Sheriff fit? Nowhere. 
It was a worst-case scenario for them both, and for them to play with the fire that would surely erupt between the two of them was both foolhardy and irresponsible.
So, Arden decided, that is that. And with that decision she locked away her burgeoning affection for Bill Ashton, putting it right next to the memory of Samantha and herself playing as little girls, putting it in that chest where she, like so many people, kept her fondest memories and deepest regrets.

Chapter Twenty

“Josie, I’d like you to meet Dr. Adam Porter. Dr. Porter, Josie Galloway, our resident expert.” The Sheriff made the introductions over the long oaken table in the school library, curious as to how the good doctor would react to meeting the town’s self-proclaimed Wiccan High Priestess. He was pleasantly surprised.
“Good morning Ms. Galloway. What a pleasure to finally meet you. Your reputation precedes you.” He leaned forward, reaching across the table to grasp her hand in his. “While there are those in this community who frown upon your choice of religion, be sure that I am not one of them. In my line of work you can never be skeptical of any person’s beliefs.” In Porter’s eyes, Bill saw the frank male speculation and appreciation that seemed to light up every man’s face in the county when Josie entered a room. 
Josie, for her part, wasn’t exactly being shy in her own perusal of the tall, handsome doctor. Adam Porter was well known, not only by the women in his home of Mariposa, but by females across the country. 
After receiving a Ph.D. in Clinical Psychology from Johns Hopkins, he’d set off on a whirlwind global tour, prying into the mind and motivations of the female species the world over. As a result, he’d written three best selling, critically acclaimed books on the inner workings of a woman’s mind. Psychologists hailed his work as groundbreaking, and women the nation over plunked down their $29.99 at Waldenbooks and B. Dalton and Amazon.com to take this marvel home to their significant others with an ultimatum…read this and begin to comprehend me.
Understandably, this had made him the bane of many a husband’s existence. The fact that he was movie-star handsome, had brown eyes the depth and color of fine Swiss chocolate, and the body of a running back had not lessened their loathing.
No one was really sure why he’d selected Mariposa to settle in. His almost fanatical desire for privacy had proved an effective barrier to almost any line of questioning when it came to his personal life. Still, his ingrained reserve, courtly mannerisms and desire to remain below the dating radarscope made him the number one catch in the county and the source of intense speculation amongst the local gossips and matchmakers.
Josie Galloway was not piqued in the slightest that she would be interacting with the most handsome and intriguing man in a hundred square miles. Not piqued one little bit.
“Well, hello there doctor.” she drawled. “It certainly is a pleasure meeting you. Just the whisper of a public appearance by you has set legions of female hearts all aflutter.”
The elegant doctor bowed slightly, enjoying the banter. It had been a long time since a woman had looked at him with frank appreciation rather than with dreams of matrimonial bliss dancing through her eyes. “You’re too kind. I suspect that the only reason I even interest the local matrons is because I refuse to play their mating game.” He grinned. “They just don’t seem to understand happy bachelorhood. Anyway, it gives them something to talk about.” 
Josie tsked, shaking her head. “Any man who can delve as deeply into the female psyche as you should be out edifying the Cro-Magnons this county seems to breed.” She turned to the Sheriff. “Present company excluded, of course.”
Bill smiled slyly. “I take great pride in my ability to belch our high school alma mater, thank you very much.” Nodding at them both to be seated, he took his own place at the head of the table.
“Dr. Porter was kind enough to accept my plea for help out of professional courtesy. Now, since the two of you are obviously familiar with each other’s, er, work, I thought you might be able to put your heads together and broaden the FBI’s profile of our man. These,” he said, handing them each a packet, “are copies of Special Agent Drebin’s initial analysis. Any questions before I leave you to your own devices?”
Porter looked from the Sheriff to Josie, then asked the question foremost in his mind. “Why me?”
The Sheriff sighed, then gave his own analysis. “Josie is here because the case has distinct religious overtones. She’s the best qualified to give us the whys and wherefores on this religion. I’d like you to take a look at the autopsy report for Kimmie Ross, victim number five. We’re beginning to think that her abductor held her for some time prior to her death. She seems to have been treated well, and with the exception of speculating that she was used as a sort of sacrifice, we’ve drawn a blank. I want you to get into Kimmie Ross’ mind, tell us why a healthy eighteen year old girl would, after prolonged captivity, become her captor’s willing sexual partner.”
He held up a hand, forestalling the doctor’s initial, obvious objection. “I’ve already looked into Stockholm Syndrome. That doesn’t seem to be the case here. We can’t see where force was used at any time with the exception of death by strangulation. To me this seems more like a dissociative personality disorder, but that train of thought was just being looked into when I was in school.” He looked straight at the doctor.
“You are one of the world’s leading experts on what makes a woman tick. We need you on this one. Please.” 
* * * *
“So, Dr. Porter, what is this dissociative personality disorder the Sheriff was talking about?” Josie leaned back her chair, comfortable in his presence.
“Please, call me Adam. You say Dr. Porter and I start looking around for a patient.” He grinned, his smile lighting up the room like a beacon. “Do you want the textbook or the layman’s version?”
“Layman’s please. I may have taken some community college courses in my twenties, but nothing that even begins to measure up to this.”
“Okay. Dissociative personality disorders go far beyond the traditional Stockholm Syndrome definitions. I guess to start I should describe Stockholm Syndrome. It got its name in a 1974 bank holdup in Sweden where two armed robbers held four employees captive for almost six days. During those five-plus days, some of the hostages became sympathetic toward their captors, and one of the female captives even fell in love with her abductor. 
“Obviously, this by no means started in 1974. People were affected by these symptoms long before then, and their cases are documented as far back as 1944, during World War II. In a nutshell, Stockholm Syndrome is created when a captive can’t escape, is isolated and threatened with death, but is shown token acts of kindness. In most cases, it only takes three or four days for the psychological shift to take place.” 
Josie shook her head. “C’mon. I’m not buying it. Are you trying to tell me that a perfectly healthy adult would begin to side with the bad guy after only a few days?” She continued to shake her head, ebony curls bouncing against her shoulders.
“That’s exactly what I’m telling you. It may seem far-fetched or hard to believe, but it really happens, and happens in almost every case where the circumstances are right. I can see where it might begin to impact this case, but until I read the FBI’s report, I’d like to reserve judgment. What do you say we both read the report, then get together this evening, maybe over dinner?”
Josie grinned wickedly, “Sure. I’m already the talk of the town. I might as well get a little mileage out of it by being seen with you. How about some nasty, greasy burgers from the Cone Shop at about seven, then we can go to the park where no one can overhear us?”
Dr. Adam Porter returned her grin. “Sounds like a plan to me. Seven it is.”

Chapter Twenty-One

Arden’s return to Mariposa was triumphant and bittersweet. She could have had her car driven back to L.A. at almost any time, but she was sure that she’d subconsciously left it in Mariposa for one purpose only, to see Bill Ashton again. Even though she’d already made up her mind that their relationship would remain purely Samantha-related, she simply couldn’t resist the urge to see him again, hear that rough, velvety voice in person just once more.
The Air Force actually let her leave the base once it had been made clear to them that she was in no danger. She had a sneaking suspicion that Major Allen had wanted her out of the office more than he wanted her in it. True, in the eight weeks since her injury, she’d never once let her personal life overshadow her professional one, but she certainly wasn’t the sharp-as-a-tack officer she’d been before this mess all began. The day the Office of Special Investigations had cleared her from further danger he’d ordered her out of the office, telling her to report in within a week to update him. With that she was on an airplane, on her way north.
She rolled under the gently swaying banner proclaiming it to be “Fair Days,” then continued up the two-lane highway into the heart of town. Until she passed the Sugar Pine and the Stage Stop and approached the Maple Street Inn, she hadn’t realized how much she’d missed the little town, and the old-fashioned residents that gave it it’s heart. 
It was a glorious September afternoon, hot as hell, but it was a clean, searing heat that burned right down to the soul. The sky was shockingly blue, with cotton-puff clouds dotting the horizon. The town bustled with life, catching the incoming County Fair goers and the last of the summer tourists. Row upon row of Harleys lined the boardwalk in front of the Gold Coin Saloon, reclining on their kickstands like obedient attack dogs brought to heel. Maintaining an uneasy truce with the hogs were beaten and abused ranch trucks, their owners in town for Labor Day sales, a Coke and some cotton candy.
Not quite trusting herself to see the Sheriff yet, she motored up to the Maple Street Inn, grinning in anticipation as she caught sight of the overflowing parking lot across the street. The air was redolent with the smell of corn dogs and fish and chips. Shriner’s mini-cars were jammed into the lot like rainbow-colored sardines and children dashed back and forth leaving a trail of balloons, metallic streamers and gleeful laughter. It seemed she couldn’t have come back at a better time, even if it was to search for her sister and convalesce. 
Her arm was almost as good as new, with only a twinge now and then. Her lack of activity over the past two months had added almost ten pounds to her lanky frame, giving her curves and a softness she’d never had, even before basic training. She was still well within the military’s weight guidelines, but felt uncomfortable in this new body. It was more voluptuous, more feminine. It wasn’t a feeling she was accustomed to.
Mindy Turner greeted her with an enthusiasm bordering on mania, settling her in the room where she’d spent a memorable three days. Arden could hear the grapevine buzzing with her return before she even closed the door. Walking through that door was like coming home. She hadn’t even begun to settle in when the telephone rapped out a strident demand to be picked up. Sighing inwardly she picked up the receiver, knowing who she would hear on the other end of the line.
“Hello Arden. How are you feeling?” His rich, rugged voice washed over her, sounding awkward and tired and oh-so close. 
“Bill. I see it didn’t take them long to start. I’m feeling fine, much better as a matter of fact. How are you?”
“Well,” he began slowly, “I’m tired and I’m pissed. Why the hell didn’t you tell me you were coming back? I would’ve come to get you at the airport. You didn’t have to drive all the way up from Fresno by yourself.”
“I needed the time away from everyone, even you. Two hours in a car gives you a lot of time for soul searching. Especially when the scenery is as dismal as it is along Highway 99.” She answered with a smile. “So, Fair Days, huh?”
She could actually hear the grin that spread over his face through the telephone line. “Yup. I can guarantee you’ve never seen anything like it. Picture this. Tonight we have the Demolition Derby. Chris Mather is our reigning champion and one helluva driver. Right next to the grandstand we have the beer gardens, which offer a breathtaking display of tap beer. You have a choice between Coors and Bud. After a few drinks and your required intake of cotton candy and corn dogs, we’re off to the midway, where the Ferris Wheel boasts the best view in the county. So, L.A. woman, does that sound like an evening that would interest you, or are you too citified for us country folks?” He delivered the last line laughingly, but Arden could hear the real question in his voice.
She would like nothing better than to spend the evening running around the fair like a carefree teenager, but that inner voice drew at her. The one that asked her the same tired question over and over again. How could she enjoy herself when Samantha was missing, maybe even dead? Then, in an unsettling flash of insight, she knew what was really bothering her, deep down. It wasn’t her unprecedented attraction to the Sheriff. No, it wasn’t that at all.
She was afraid she would have a good time and forget why she was in this town in the first place. When she’d been here last, no one had known where Samantha was. Now it was almost certain that the same psychotic who’d already murdered five other women had kidnapped her. How could she, in good conscience, dare to enjoy herself, relish the scintillating presence of the Sheriff, revel in the fact that she was alive? 
Bill heard the hesitation and cursed himself for pushing her too hard, too fast. “Listen Arden, I’m sorry. Come by the station when you feel up to it and we’ll go over what we’ve got so far.”
It was the tone of his voice that decided her. It was cool and firm and businesslike and had ‘hands off’ written all over it. No matter what else in her life went to hell in a handbasket, she’d be damned if it would be any kind of relationship with this man. It had been too long since anyone had made her feel special or wanted or all warm and tingly. Samantha or no, kidnapping or no, what was wrong with pursuing something with this appealing, handsome man? 
Above all, she needed to apply the lesson she’d learned in a dusty courtyard not too long ago. Live as if every day were your last. She’d almost been one of those examples, living for family and country, but never for herself. Enough.
“I don’t think so. Did you think you could brush off an Okie girl that easily? Your fair had better be pretty special to even begin to compare to ours. We kicked ass.”
“Shit,” he drawled, enthusiasm broadening his voice, making it even more extraordinary. “You ain’t seen nothing yet! I’m not on duty tonight, but I’ll definitely get to break up a few brawls. Let’s drink too much beer and ride the Zipper until we barf.” The smile in his voice was back and beaming. “How does 8:30 sound? It’s too damned hot to breathe until then.”
“Sounds perfect. I’ll see you at 2030 sharp.”
“2030? Oh, yeah, right, military time. Very funny. See you tonight Arden. I’m looking forward to this.” She could see him in her mind’s eye, leaning back against that spectacularly cluttered desk, his long, jean-clad legs crossed at the ankle, ending in those scuffed old cowboy boots, Stetson pulled low over his forehead, with just a lick of light brown hair escaping the front. It had definitely been too long since she’d seen him. Her mouth watered.
“Arden?” he broke her silence with a questioning tone.
“Um, yeah, sorry. See you at 8:30. I’m looking forward to it too.” More than you’ll ever know, she thought to herself, firmly pushing the doubts and insecurities she had about relationships in general into the farthest reaches of her mind.
* * * *
Arden didn’t know why she was surprised. The restored convertible idling in the parking lot was exactly like Bill Ashton. It was just unusual enough to catch your eye and looked nice and civilized on the outside. Then you popped the hood and were surprised by the raw power and intricacy that lay beneath.
He was leaning up against the slick cream paint of the classic car, looking the way she’d pictured him during their conversation, long and lanky and utterly comfortable. Good enough to eat. She didn’t question the impulse that drove her. She just went straight to him and into his arms without a second thought. And felt like she’d come home.
If her greeting surprised Bill, he didn’t show it. He just cradled her in the warm security of his arms, returning her embrace, reveling in the trust she was silently giving him. Tipping her face up, he brushed a light, feathery kiss across her forehead. “Well hello there lady. You’re a sight for sore eyes.”
“Hi,” she murmured, looking up at him, her gaze skipping across his features, taking in the way his nose sat just a little crookedly on his face and the hairline scar that barely grazed his temple, then disappeared under the hatband of his old Stetson. 
“God, I missed you.” She heard the dreaminess in her own voice and with a start realized where she was, and the fact that she was nestled in the vee of his thighs in the middle of a public parking lot. While she’d never been a shy person, the blush that crept up her face was painfully bright. “Sorry. I don’t know what got into me.”
“I do.” Bill said, continuing to hold her even when she began to slide away. “I missed you too.” He leaned down, settling his mouth over hers carefully, denying his absolute need to taste her, to feel her quicken against him again. He contented himself with just the feel and smell of her, for now. Just as she began to soften against him, return his kiss in earnest, he straightened, put an arm around her shoulders and just held her. They stayed like that for a moment, with the setting sun and the impatient growl of the muscle car as a backdrop. Then he released her, slowly, reluctantly, cherishing the way she fit against him perfectly.
Reaching out to run a thumb across her cheekbone he forced the want, the need out of his eyes and attempted to replace them with a mischievous twinkle. “Well L.A. woman, are you ready to see the sights, smell the corn dogs and win me a great big stuffed animal?”
Searching his eyes, Arden found the confirmation she was looking for, the mirrored uncertainty and desire, and answered him with a slow smile. “Hey, haven’t you heard? I’m the best shot west of the Mississippi. Consider that big pink elephant yours.”

Chapter Twenty-Two

The Fair was everything he’d promised and then some. Chris Mather was as good as the legend that preceded him, and was more than happy to share a beer with the Sheriff after the Derby. After all, they were schoolmates. He also wanted a look at the woman he’d heard so much about over the last two months.
The three of them sat on a scarred plastic picnic bench in the beer gardens, sipping from a tub of flat Budweiser and rerunning the Demolition Derby crash by impressive crash. 
Bill had been right. This fair was much better than her hometown gathering in Oklahoma, maybe because it was such a small town and everyone seemed to know each other. It intensified the family feeling she’d observed since coming to Mariposa in June. Ironically, now that community-wide intimacy seemed to encompass her. She’d stopped counting the number of well wishers and curiosity seekers who stopped by their table under the guise of congratulating Chris.
Arden licked off the bright yellow mustard that had migrated from her third corndog to her thumb and marveled at how readily she had been accepted into this little town. She would have to be blind to see that they all wanted to know more about her, even as they accepted her as one of their own. 
In a small town like Mariposa her exploits of the past summer had probably already reached legendary status. What she wasn't aware of, and which Mindy Turner would gleefully inform her of in the morning, was that the rumor mill had been running strong and true since her departure, and it wasn't concerning her brush with death. Tongues had been wagging across the county about her and the Sheriff. 
The Sheriff who hadn’t expressed any interest in the countless women tossed his way. The Sheriff who owned, part and parcel, one of the largest tracts of land in the county, and was considered quite a catch. The Sheriff who’d left a wife in Los Angeles years ago when she’d flat-out refused to move to, in her words, the “hillbilly capital of California.” The Sheriff who’d valued the land and tradition and kindred more than his comfortable life in the big city, and so moved home to carry on a family legacy reaching back almost a century and a half.
Blissfully unaware of the pointed interest in the way Bill Ashton grasped her hand to pull her in line for the Tilt-a-Whirl, Arden just forgot everything and, for the first time in a long time, enjoyed the moment.
The ticket-taker on the ride was a gap-toothed farm boy wearing a plastic sticker naming him Mike. He took one look at Bill and, with a carny’s instinct for survival, offered them a ride on the house.
Arden plopped down on the hard plastic seat, the huge grin she wore splitting her face in two. The Tilt-a-Whirl had always been her favorite. She’d ditched her purse in one of the storage lockers long ago, so all she had to do was hang on and relish the ride. Her anticipation of a rollicking good time only intensified as Bill sauntered to the cab, casually occupying the outside seat. 
* * * *
The first fistfight Bill broke up resulted in only a bloody nose and a spilled tub of beer. Even the second was short of a full-scale brawl, and he counted his blessings. On Fair nights only a few of his deputies were armed, mostly because they broke up so many close-contact scuffles. Department-issue weapons were “safed” by a thong on the holster and the actual safety switch on the gun, but he’d found it was better to be cautious than having one of his deputies stare down the wrong end of his own gun.
Somewhere in between acting as a referee to the local troublemakers and attempting to con Arden into taking a ride through the Tunnel of Love he realized an amazing fact. He was really, truly enjoying himself. He tried to remember the last time he’d come to his hometown county fair and just had a good time. He figured it was somewhere around thirteen, before he was too “cool” to enjoy himself, before girls became an all-consuming passion.
The band playing in the pavilion was pretty damned good, and he got to impress both himself and Arden with his prowess in the Texas Two-Step. The Tilt-A-Whirl had definitely been the highlight of the evening thus far. 
He’d positioned himself on the outside of the cab, a strategic move designed to protect Arden from his body weight as the car spun around and serve an ulterior purpose. Each time the tiny capsule spun around they were stuck together like so much peanut butter and bread. It was a wholly satisfying feeling.
The fact that Arden seemed to be genuinely enjoying herself just added to his overall feeling of joviality.
Even their stroll down the midway was a good time, if a little embarrassing. He’d been mortified to discover that Arden was true to her word. 
He and Arden had stood side-by-side in the target-shooting booth, aiming their pellet guns at the white square of paper with the little red star. With deputies and townsfolk gathered around, she’d proceeded to kill his reputation as an ace shot and kick his ass. The prize she’d chosen to give him hadn’t soothed his ego one little bit. Then he’d taken one look at her laughing face, heard the good-natured ribbing from his friends, and felt a warm, fuzzy click he hadn’t felt since his childhood. The feeling that everything was right in the world.
* * * *
A half-moon rode the sky, playing hide and seek with the thready clouds streaking the sky. They sat in companionable silence, listening to the night and watching the bustling activity of the midway two hundred feet below them. A thinning cloud of dust hung, motionless, a faint smudge against the thin, watery light of the moon. They'd traversed the dusty lane that climbed, switchback after switchback up the mountain looming over the fairgrounds, and the higher they climbed the further back in time they seemed to go. When they finally reached the turnout overlooking the Mariposa Creek valley, the activity and lights spread out before them like a glittering jewel box, startling in its direct contrast to the quiet timelessness of the mountain at their backs.
Arden sighed and leaned back into the butter-soft leather of the convertible's bench seat, enjoying the quiet splendor of sitting next to a man whose company she truly enjoyed. And, she thought with a wicked little grin, the kick-ass car didn't hurt one bit.
Running a hand along the sumptuous tuck-and-roll upholstery, she idly asked, "So, what's with the car? I mean, it suits you, but it looks a little Hollywood for a cowboy sheriff, if you know what I mean."
Bill turned sideways on the seat, cocking one long leg at the knee as he stretched his arms out along the body of the car. He simply looked at her for a moment, then answered in all seriousness. 
“This ‘Hollywood’ car is a 1970 Plymouth ‘Cuda convertible. It’s powered by a 440 straight 6, has 25,000 miles on it and is as original as the day it rolled off the assembly line. Less than 550 were made that year and only 12 had this engine package. My grandfather Pappy bought it brand new in a "late-life" crisis and babied it like it was his only child. I’m pretty sure it’s the last surviving member of the Barracuda species that hasn’t been remade from top to bottom and rodded out.” He paused in his diatribe, gauging Arden’s response to his defense of a car that could finance an Ivy-League education.
“It’s also a helluva make-out car. Care to try your luck?” He wiggled his eyebrows at her, propositioning her with a depraved smile fit to tempt an angel.
Arden laughed. It was a light, musical sound that pealed through the heavy night air like bells. She stopped short, astonished by the sound. It had been a long, long time since she’d laughed just for the sheer delight of it, without the weight of the world settled firmly on her shoulders. With a look akin to joy on her face she looked across the seat to her companion and caught her breath. Gone was happy-go-lucky country boy who’d blushed like an adolescent when she’d won him a stuffed bunny on the midway.
In his place sat pure man. Pure man with an elemental hunger burning in his eyes, a coiled ferocity in his body. He moved slowly across the seat, taking his time, capturing and holding her eyes as he slid, inch by inch until he sat next to her, caging her in a luxurious prison of leather. Even then he made no move to touch her, he just sat there, his eyes shining with a promise of greed and passion and just a little violence until she quivered under his gaze. No one had ever looked at her like that, like the sun rose and set on her. It was more potent than any aphrodisiac.
In the glow of that wicked gaze, Arden felt herself shift, surrender to the unadulterated woman within. Leaning forward to run her hands up the smooth cotton of his shirt, she gloried in the feel of the cloth and the slick, cold snaps as they glided under her fingertips. Still he sat, waiting for her to decide, waiting for her to confirm what had been inevitable from the day she walked into the Sheriff’s Department. Her hands crept up to his face, tracing it’s absolute, fierce lines with trembling fingers, then she leaned forward, into him, and changed both of their lives.
"I've been thinking about this since the first morning I saw you standing in the squad room." His mouth settled over hers, warm and soft, the moustache he'd begun to grow tickling the bow of her upper lip as he began to taste her, neither insistent nor probing, just strong and sure and devastatingly masculine. 
She leaned up into his embrace, straining to close the distance between them with an eagerness that was almost frightening in its intensity. The first brush of his lips teased her, brought her that much closer to filling the throbbing hollowness that beat inside her, but left her aching for more, more right now, right this second. Yet still he kept the pace slow, sedate, almost chaste, as if she were a particularly fine wine to be sipped, not slurped in hasty greed.
Taking a deep mental breath, she reined in the pure lust rocketing through her system, ignored the romance and pull of the moon floating so serenely above them, and concentrated instead on enjoying the tastes and sensations being offered to her so generously. As she did, he relaxed against her, telling her without words how her abandoned response to his kiss had wound him up tighter than a spring.
Bill felt the subtle shift in Arden’s body and took instinctive advantage of it, relaxing against her, his body simmering with the tingling sensation that came from just touching her. He shifted, pulling her more firmly into his embrace as he settled her legs over his own, almost pulling her into his lap on the roomy leather seat. Keeping his hand on one impossibly long, toned thigh, he twined the other through her unbound hair, glorying in its silky, sensuous feel. He muttered meaningless sounds, continuing to feather kisses over her mouth, her cheeks, her and temple. Right now just tasting her, feeling her, was enough. Just having her here, on top of his mountain, on this most perfect of nights made everything seem destined, seem right. But God, how he ached. And then her quick, clever tongue found its way into his mouth and time stopped.
Arden shivered from head to toe as the taste of him rolled over her like a slow wave. Budweiser, stogie and the faint aftertaste of corndog and cotton candy should have stopped the need, the want, compelled her to end this intimate embrace. Instead it aroused her even further. He tasted just like Bill Ashton should taste, solid, down home and more than a little dangerous. She planted one hand in his unruly hair, pulling his mouth down to her as her other hand strayed to the snaps on his shirt.
The sound of the first snap coming undone was gunshot-loud in the thick silence enveloping the car, overpowering even the symphony of crickets. He stiffened, then sunk his teeth into Arden’s lower lip, holding her a willing captive as she slipped a hand inside his shirt, exploring the shape of his body one snap at a time.
She started, shocked and more than a little thrilled by the vulnerable position he’d placed her in. Then he traced the delicate skin he’d trapped between his teeth with his hot, slick tongue, eyes on hers, his kiss more intimate and carnal than anything she’d experienced in her life. Those magnificent eyes flashed to a fiery, passionate blue, then his mouth was on hers again, fully, wholly, and she forgot everything except the need, the want.
Her body arched into his as her hand abandoned his chest and latched around his neck, dragging him closer as she unconsciously, passionately poured everything she was, everything she could be into the sizzling, primal embrace. When he filled his hand with her breast, the moan that sounded in the back of her throat was nothing less than animal. She craved this ultimate, intimate joining, and it didn’t matter that her sister was missing and maybe dead or that she was in the front seat of a car at the local make-out point. All she knew was that everything about this moment in time felt right, felt good, and that nothing was going to stop it.
Bill quite simply couldn’t take any more. He brought his head up, gasping for air like a man drowning, his palm burning where it cupped the soft curve of her breast. He could feel the heat of her even through her tee shirt and bra, could smell her heady, clean scent, could hear the combination of their not-so-steady breathing through the roaring in his ears.
He reached for sanity, dimly realizing that if he didn’t stop this right here, right now, they were going to finish it like a pair of teenagers, in the front seat of his car. He slowly, deliciously removed his hand from her heaving chest, running a thumb across her hardened nipple as he did. Tearing his gaze away from her body’s response to his touch he looked into her burning eyes.
“I want you, and I want you right here, right now.” He rasped, “But I won’t do that to either of us. We both deserve more than sex in the front seat of my car.” He ran his hand through her hair, sliding it through his fingers. “We both deserve a helluva lot more. We deserve to make love all night long. So what do you say Arden? Come home with me tonight, let’s finish what we’ve started, finish it right.” 
He knew, just by looking, that a part of her mind was telling her to do the sensible, “right” thing. 
She looked up at him, her chameleon eyes luminous and wondering in the scattered moonlight. “What if I said no? Would you head back down this mountain and take me to my room and end the night like that?”
Bill shifted uncomfortably, knowing that he would do just that, if she asked. “You know I would.” 
The words that came out of her mouth next were probably the most surprising he’d ever heard.
“Then no it is. No, I don’t want to go to your home, and no, I don’t want to go back to my room.” She opened the car door, sliding off of his lap, keeping her back to him as she exited the car. “I’m sure an industrious guy like you has a blanket in the trunk, now don’t you?” 
Then she turned to face him, putting the car door between them, and the look on her face and in her eyes sent each and every drop of blood in his body directly to his groin. She looked like a woman who got exactly what she wanted, exactly when she wanted it, and right now he was it--on a platter.
Strangling on his affirmative answer, he crawled out of the car, popped the trunk, and extricated a sleeping bag and blanket from the emergency road kit stashed behind the spare tire. He looked up to see Arden, straight-laced, businesslike, military-to-the-core Arden Jones, holding her hand out to him like a nymph, the thin moonlight catching and reflecting in her hair as it swirled around her shoulders like a dream.
He took her hand and followed her lead as she floated, straight as an arrow, to one of the few springs on the mountain that ran year-round. He snuck a quick look at her face, wondering how in the hell she’d known about this place, this personal sanctuary of his. Her face was as beautiful, as enigmatic as a goddess’ as she released his hand and knelt to trail her fingers through the lukewarm clarity of the spring. Bill quickly shook his head, trying to dislodge the torrid cobwebs that stretched across every part of his brain, then shook out the sleeping bag and blanket.
He could feel her behind him, sense her turbulent aura of frustrated sexuality before he even turned around. He stood there for just a moment, soaking in the waves of want, need her body exuded, then abruptly turned, gathering her into his arms with a craving just short of pain.
The kiss they shared was molten, flowing between them with a hunger and voracity too honest to be feigned, too complex to be described. 
Arden finished the job of unsnapping Bill’s shirt with an unconscious single-mindedness that would have shaken her, had she not been so intent on one thing, and one thing only. Getting Bill Ashton naked. Now. He mirrored her narrow focus, breaking their embrace only long enough to yank her tee shirt over her head and fill his hands with the breasts hiding behind twin cups of cotton and lace. 
Arden’s breath literally froze in her chest as she stared, enthralled, at the sight of his tanned, work-roughened hands stroking one of the few areas on her body she’d ever considered delicate, feminine. Then he eased one of her nipples from behind its protective barrier and she stopped thinking completely.
As Bill tasted her, drew her into his mouth, he knew this first time would be hard and fast, neither of them would stand for anything less. He also knew that no one had ever made him this hot, this ready, this fast. He greedily sampled her, lowering them both to the blanket, unhooking her bra as they descended. 
Returning his voracious mouth to Arden’s he fumbled with the tab on her shorts, biting back a curse as their fingers collided, tangled with each other as they sought the same goal. As one, they disengaged their fingers for a brief moment, then attacked the other’s button.
He would later think that peeling those shorts off of Arden Jones’ long, tanned legs was another one of those defining moments of life, almost like the first time a boy hits that perfect pitch or sees the neighbor lady naked and wonders about the mystery of the opposite sex. The drawn-out, picture-perfect clarity of moments like those were what kept a man company on long, lonely nights. 
He knew, as a man trained to notice such things, that a person may remember that the sex was good or great or even magical, but orgasm was such a fundamentally mind-blowing event that you lost the little details. Those details such as the way downy-white hairs lay, silky and fine, on her upper things, or the small scar just under her pantyline that looked like a botched tattoo removal, or the way her stomach quivered under his scalding gaze. He wanted to remember each and every one of those small things, store them up like a miser for the coming winter.
Shucking his own jeans, he lay down next to her, running an urgent, questing hand over the gentle swell of her body from the collarbone down, watching avidly as her nipples puckered, tightened as his fingers traversed the cleavage between, heading south for her belly. Gentling his touch, he stroked her lower belly, grazing the tawny curls shielding her with the tips of his fingers, then covering her with the broad palm of his hand, his long, callused fingers searching, exploring. 
Arden arched against him, blind, deaf and dumb to everything but his touch, seeking more contact, her body and mind crying out with an aching, monstrous need. Her hands sought out and found hard, lean muscles and followed the soft-wiry hair that arrowed down his chest to the jutting proof of his need, his want for her. Her trembling fingers measured the length of him, caressing, approving him with each stroke.
With a muttered oath he reached blindly for his jeans, groping for his wallet and the protection contained within. Arden snatched the package from him, tearing open the foil package with a ferocity approaching glee, then bent over him to dress him in that thin layer of latex. 
His blue eyes smoldering, Bill reclined and watched her cover him, then pushed her down with restrained force, levering himself over her, grasping her hands in his, pinning her to the ground, barely touching, until they were lined up perfectly, head to head, chest to chest, groin to groin. And then he sheathed himself within her in one smooth, seemingly endless thrust.
The world moved. There was no other way Arden could explain it. That first initial thrust pushed her past anything she’d ever had with the men she’d chosen to make love to or the pleasure she’d given herself on those long, lonely nights. Every sexual feeling she’d ever had paled in comparison to the grinding, elemental need pulsing between them. 
There was nothing long and sensual and tortuous about this lovemaking, it was just as Bill has prophesized, hard and fast and utterly sexual. Both moved with a wildness, a need for each other that was as untamed as their mindless, almost violent coupling.
Arden crested first, everything in her world flashing to a hot, searing white. Her nails dug into the fine, taut muscles of Bill’s back and buttocks as she spasmed against his chest and body in an unchecked, quivering orgasm. Just as she reached her peak she felt him begin to tense, reach for his own slice of heaven, and it redoubled her climax, leaving her shuddering and weak against him, floating free and unencumbered.
For Bill, it was the mind-blowing orgasm he’d always read about or watched, but never experienced. Wave after wave of sensation rolled over him, giving him the shudders and quakes long after the actual act of lovemaking was over. 
Lying replete in her arms, he shifted slightly, taking his full weight off of her body, but still covering her, unconsciously, righteously claiming her as his own.

Chapter Twenty-Three

She thought, almost helplessly, that her heart might have belonged to Sheriff Bill Ashton from the first moment she’d met him. When she saw the ranch he called home, she realized how far gone she really was. 
The long, rutted dirt road leading to the Homestead bounced and battered against the springs of the ‘Cuda, making her glad she hadn’t tried the trip in her tiny sports car. 
The drive curving up the hill to the main house captured her imagination. The fields on either side were silvery in the waning moonlight, catching only the best, the brightest strands. As they topped the ridge, the main house and outbuildings loomed before them in star-splashed mystery.
Bill pulled the classic car to a stop in front of the ranch house, sacrificing the car to a night in the open, acutely aware of the riotously stimulating woman sitting next to him on the bench seat. He turned to face her for the second time that night, but this time there was nothing teasing about his gaze or demeanor. Taking Arden to his bed was a serious matter, and just as solemnly approached as it had been earlier in the evening.
“Are you ready?” he asked. 
Arden knew he was asking far more than his question implied. Was she really ready? Shit no. But when a man as compelling and sexy and downright delectable as Bill Ashton came along, who was she to refuse that impulse, that absolute need, no matter how foolish it may be?
“You know I am.” She stated with a surety that gladdened them both.
He stepped out of the car and walked around to her side, then opened the door while holding out his hand to her, the quintessential Southern gentlemen in California cowboy clothes. She wondered where he’d inherited the combination.
Strolling up the slate-paved walkway, her hand in his, she asked just that.
“Well, the Ashton family came from North Carolina almost a hundred and fifty years ago. My great-something granddaddy, Zachariah Ashton, came west during the gold rush and settled in this area. He raised cattle and had a pretty decent stake when the last of the 49ers rolled through, and their pure lust for gold made him a rich man.”
“How so?” she murmured, caught up in the surroundings and his tale and the pure magic of the night.
“Well,” he drawled, “the 49ers loved gold more than anything else, but everyone needs to eat. Grandpa Zachariah had beef on the hoof within easy driving distance of a large portion of the gold claims. Of course,” he said with a smile, “the fact that he married into one of the best gold mines in the west didn’t hurt matters any.”
“And how did he manage to do that?” Arden asked, interested in his family history, anything about the man.
“You’ll appreciate this, as a woman,” he said, with a grin. “He married for love. No, wait,” he said, turning to her in front of the steps to the house. “It really was love. He found and argued with and courted and finally married Katarina long before he ever discovered she was sitting on one of the richest claims in California.” His gaze turned inward. “It was a match made in heaven and hell, or so the story goes. Since it includes the “hell” part of marriage, I’m inclined to believe the rest of it. But that’s neither here nor there. 
“Arden, welcome to the Homestead.” With that, he grasped both of her hands in his and took her mouth in a long, searching kiss that soared exponentially past their earlier embraces. 
When their kiss finally ended, they were halfway up the stairs to the front door, greeted by a bevy of pissed-off cats and one very soulful looking dog.
“Shit. I forgot to feed them in the barn before I left. “ Bill looked up at Arden sheepishly. “Give me just a minute?”
At her nod he opened the door, shooing the cats and lone canine into the house. He held the door open for her in, what was by now, characteristic chivalry.
The Homestead was one of those houses that just looked…right. It was clean and lived in and gloriously unfussy. As Bill went to the side porch to feed his menagerie, Arden wandered through the living room, taking in its architectural details and decorations with a woman’s eye.
Rough-hewn barn timbers supported a white stucco ceiling throughout the living area. Family photographs graced the walls, interspersed between display boxes of antique spurs and bridle bits. The furniture was comfortable, overstuffed, and looked like it had been crafted with this particular house in mind.
Café doors swung next to a two-seater breakfast bar that looked into a surprisingly modern kitchen. As she ran her fingers over the silky finish of the enormous slab of wood forming the base of the bar, Arden thought how much this house resembled the one she’d grown up in. Oh, not the actual building itself, but the feeling that this was a home that had been truly loved for generations, and would be well into the future.
She sensed him seconds before he hooked his arms around her from behind, resting his chin on her shoulder.
“Penny for your thoughts.” He said, inhaling the sweet clean smell of her hair, admiring the delicate curve of her ear.
She leaned back against him, smiling wickedly as he brushed a light kiss across the sensitive skin under her ear. “I was just thinking how this house really seems to be a home. It reminds me of Oklahoma.”
“Do you ever miss it? I’d think that L.A. would be a lot more exciting, a lot more fun.”
“Oh, it’s fun all right, at least it can be. But it’s not home. I’ve never understood how people could move into a suburb so deep in the city that it takes a two-hour drive to see anything but more houses. In Oklahoma you may live in the city, but in just a few minutes, you’re in the middle of the prairie, with cows and horses and possums and skunks. Who could give that up? Who could raise their kids in the middle of an asphalt jungle?”
Bill knew she was serious, and closed his eyes against a little grimace of pain. Why couldn’t Caitlin have shared the same love of the land? And wasn’t it just his dumb luck that the woman he’d found it in was smart and sexy and lived 400 miles away?
He slowly turned her around to face him. “Some people like the city. We just aren’t them. I guess I can’t call you L.A. woman anymore, can I?”
She carefully shook her head, marveling at the emotion swirling in the depths of those amazing eyes. “Your wife left you for the city, didn’t she?” 
Her simple question went straight to his heart, and he wondered how someone who’d only known him a short while could read him so easily. Then he realized it was the same for her. They were set on the same frequency, and tuned into each other with an ease that was almost eerie. He looked down into her expressive, changeable eyes, and nodded, wondering where this path would take them.
At his nod Arden leaned forward, putting her arms around him, her head resting on his shoulder. “Tom left me for a lifestyle he couldn’t give up. I thank myself for that each and every day. When I was with him, I wasn’t as much as I was by myself. Does that make any sense?”
She could feel his nod against her hair, feel the brief, fleeting tightening of his embrace, then she looked up.
“We’re going to be something together, but I guess you know that, don’t you?”
He smiled, his teeth flashing in the shadows of the living room as he pulled away from her just enough to look her up and down.
She held out her hand. “Then why don’t you show me?”

Chapter Twenty-Four

Bill dropped Arden off at the Maple Street Inn a few minutes before seven, on his way to an early Sunday morning at the office. 
Apparently Mindy Turner was up with the roosters, because she greeted Arden at the door with an pushily inquisitive smile and a basketful of questions on how she’d enjoyed the Fair and her evening with the Sheriff. 
Arden tried waving her off, claiming exhaustion, but nothing would stop Mindy’s inexorable advance. By the time she had been escorted to the stairs, Arden had heard the complete clothesline-gossip version of Bill Ashton’s life in Mariposa which included how he was quite a catch since his wife had dumped him rather than move to the foothills. How his ranch was one of the biggest in the county and he’d left his marriage and Los Angeles to carry on the family tradition. And lastly, how the Sheriff hadn’t shown interest in any of the local girls in years, and wasn’t Arden just the lucky one?
Arden wavered between admiration at Mindy’s apparently endless commentary and pure fatigue. It was that pure, luscious fatigue that comes from a long night of good, hard lovemaking. She let Mindy’s voice skip across her mind like a stone on a calm lake as scenes from last night played through her mind.
Sex on the side of a mountain, for God’s sakes! Who would have thought they would click so hard, so fast once the wheels had begun to turn? What they’d shared had been more than sex, and both of them knew it. It was a very scary concept and not one Arden wanted to dwell on right this moment. 
She reached her room, Mindy in tow. Turning to the garrulous innkeeper, she excused herself, then slipped through her door, plopping down on the sumptuous softness of the bed. She was sore in places she’d forgotten about, and a few that could have only come from their mountainside escapade. Either way, it was a good soreness, the soreness that came from being thoroughly, completely loved.
A satisfied smile curving her lips, she stretched out, wondering if Bill was a little sore and tired himself. She drifted off with that smile still on her face and erotic memories floating through her mind.
* * * *
“Well, Agent Drebin’s profile was dead-on, at least in my limited profiling experience. Your subject is highly functional otherwise he couldn’t have kept these abductions a secret for this long. I’d also have to agree that he lives alone. Aside from that, I don’t know what I can offer on him.
“Kimmie Ross and your other victims, however, I can help with. I’ve looked at both the crime report and Agent Drebin’s profile in making this determination, as well as speaking to Ms. Ross’ parents.” Dr. Porter pushed a small brown leatherette notebook across the table.
“These are my notes on the crime scenes and from those conversations. Usually I wouldn’t turn those over, but I wanted you to see the thought process behind my perceptions, especially since you’ve been trained in this science as well. These,” he held out a small sheaf of paper, “are what I think you’ve got going on here.”
The Sheriff carefully placed the papers in front of him, then folded his hands over them and looked at Adam. “Give me the verbal version, please. I’ll read these later. I want your thoughts, your first impressions right now.”
“Very well. Down and dirty…you were right. This definitely looks like Stockholm Syndrome on the surface, but it’s got a different feel once you go deeper. Kim Ross was an independent, opinionated young lady. From what I saw on her autopsy report, she apparently tolerated her incarceration quite well before her final struggle with her abductor. I obviously can’t tell much about the women who went before as there’s simply not enough physical evidence.
“Once I learned Ms. Ross' personal background and got with Josie on the religious implications," he paused, nodding across the table at Josie, "I came to the following conclusion regarding your victims. These women suffered from a modified version of Stockholm Syndrome, assuming a pseudo-identity that captives under Stockholm never suffer. We can surmise, from the physical evidence, that each was held about a year. That is an extraordinarily long time to be held captive. Your victims were cut off from everything familiar, then treated well, until their allotted time ran out. 
"It's not only understandable that they would associate themselves with their abductor, it's to be expected. Just look at the example of Patty Hearst and you'll understand what I'm talking about. Granted, the Symbionese Liberation Army tortured her, but in that time she developed three distinct personalities. That was under direct threat of life. It doesn't seem like your victims suffered a threat, beyond their obvious incarceration, that is.” Porter finished succinctly, looking dapper and rested, every inch the prosperous physician.
“Okay," the Sheriff answered slowly, "I can buy that, it fits pretty well with what I thought. I know profiling isn’t your gig, but would you mind making a hypothesis on the bullet hole in their heads? We think they were all strangled. It fits his MO. Why kill someone twice?”
“I can answer that,” Josie piped in from the other side of the conference room table. “Or at least I think I can.” She smiled wanly, stress lines beginning to show around her eyes and mouth.
“But, it’s Wiccan lesson time again, so just hang tight, okay? There are seven centers of power in the body with the sixth being the Psychic Center. It is located in the center of the forehead and functions as both a receptor and a transmitter. It’s also known by other names, most importantly the Third Eye and the Purity Center for anyone who had done research into this subject, or even seen some of the late night psychic infomercials. The sixth center is a very active psychic center and an exit point for the astral body. 
“Okay so far?” At their nods she continued. “I think he may have shot them there, and only there, to keep them from ascending to the next plane. To trap them in their worldly bodies and deny them entry to The Summerland, which is the Wiccan version of Heaven or the Happy Hunting Ground. Such a violent blocking of The Summerland or any existential plane of existence is fundamentally against the Wiccan rede, but then again, so is killing people. 
“It even begins to make a kind of perverted sense since the bodies and the crime scenes contain elements of both altars and sacrificial sites. In my humble opinion, he’s split and doesn’t seem to know what he’s looking for, or he knows what he wants and can’t find it. Either way, he’s dangerous as hell. I’m afraid your lady friend's sister may be the next one we find. Unfortunately, he knows we’ve found his worship site. He’ll move now, keep it private.”
Adam interrupted smoothly. “Did I understand Josie correctly--is there another victim?”
“Jesus doc, don’t you watch the news or read the paper? A woman disappeared from a roadside rest station three months ago and no one’s seen hide nor hair of her since. Ordinarily it would just be a missing person’s case, but she left half a million bucks in the front seat of her car. That qualifies as a little bit out of the ordinary, if you know what I mean. Then her sister shows up, loaded for bear, manages to get herself shot, and finds a link to our bad guy in the damn car. The car, might I say, that our eagle-eyed crime lab looked over with a fine-toothed comb.” The edge that entered the Sheriff’s voice was unintentional, but it was there, and rapier sharp. 
“Luckily the goddamned blood-sucking press hasn’t figured out the witchcraft end of this little scenario, but I don’t expect that to last much longer. Someone will open their big mouth around the wrong set of ears and it’ll be splashed all over the Sacramento Bee or the San Francisco Chronicle just in time for the morning edition.” Bill leaned back in the creaky oak chair. “And now, to top it off, we need to move the command center out of here, school starts Tuesday. We were okay as long as we were out of sight, but I can’t really think of anyplace else in town that can hold this investigation, and hold it quietly. The whole situation sucks, across the board.”
Porter looked at the Sheriff, amusement dancing through his eyes and in his voice. “I’ll bet you were the terror of the L.A.P.D. Remind me not to make you angry. You’d be a worthwhile, if formidable, opponent.”
Bill found nothing wrong with that assessment, and it served to throttle back his temper a few notches. He grinned at the doctor with a smile that seemed to say, ‘no fear, it’s just between us boys.’
Josie, however, was looking at the doctor with cautious eyes. Something about his tone, his intonation, went beyond mere macho male bonding. Did the Sheriff threaten him? After all, Bill Ashton was a good-looking, intelligent man, attractive enough and smart enough to make him number two on the short list of eligible bachelors in the county. She watched for a moment longer, but saw nothing but two handsome men looking at each other with shit-eating grins on their faces.
* * * *
It didn’t take long for the news of impending romance between the Sheriff and Arden Jones to pass through town. It relegated the continuing talk of murder to a distant second in the Sugar Pine, and was passed around with the collection plate at St. Gregory’s Sunday mass. 
It was scattered like so many seeds around the circle of men camped in their permanent positions on the porch in front of the Feed Store, their brittle bones creaking as they passed secrets faster and more accurately than old women in a quilting circle.
* * * *
Bill showed up at Arden’s door at precisely three o’clock, feeling used up and just a little awkward. He knew his presence was grist for the rumor mill, but he really didn’t give a damn. After his meeting with Josie and Adam, he’d put in almost four hours of case review, looking for something, anything they might have missed.
He had nothing to show for that time but grainy eyes and a headache that had promised to become debilitating if he didn’t take a break. Right now he couldn’t think of anything better than seeing Arden, doing something nice for himself for a change. 
Waking up to find Arden snuggled against him this morning had put everything into perspective. He had looked down at her while she slept, noting the way sleep had smoothed out the stress lines that bracketed her mouth too often these days, noticing how she’d filled out a little, but still had the look of an athlete. Then she’d opened her eyes and a rumpled, sleepy smile crossed her face like a slow wave and he’d felt his heart turn over in his chest. 
The fact that she was in his bed on a Sunday morning not only seemed right, it seemed destined. He couldn’t think of a better way to start the morning, and dropped his mouth to hers, waking her with a long, slow kiss.
Now, almost ten hours later, he’d had time to think about last night and this morning. Bill knew where he was headed, but he wasn’t sure if Arden was working off of the same map. One thing was for certain. They needed to sit down and talk this through, the whole situation, including Samantha. He had a feeling it might be one of the most important discussions in his life.
With that in mind, he stood before her door, his fist raised to knock when it opened and Stumpy Goltree stepped out, a smile on his face as he smoothed his uniform shirt into his pants. 
For a moment Bill was shocked speechless, then anger shot through him like lightning. For his part, Stumpy had the grace to look devastatingly uncomfortable as he stood in the doorway, shifting from foot to booted foot and flushing to the roots of his flattop. 
“Hi, ah, Sheriff. Captain Jones wanted me to come by. Um, I guess I’ll be going now.” He began to bolt for the stairway, but was caught short by Arden’s voice as it floated from the room.
“Thanks again for coming by Deputy. Oh…” Bill could tell his appearance had caught Arden off guard, and his tired mind automatically, irrationally jumped to the wrong conclusion as to the reason for the deputy’s visit. He knew, deep in his heart, that Arden wasn’t the type of woman to betray what they had shared last night and this morning, but his overactive imagination and pure anger at seeing Stumpy in general overrode all rational thought. He could actually feel his temperature rise and feel the blood suffuse his entire body. Arden’s next words did nothing to check his anger. 
“Hi Bill,” she said warily, unconsciously tensing as the two big men faced each other across her threshold. “I was just thanking Deputy Goltree in person for what he did for me earlier this summer.”
“Oh, you mean almost getting you killed?” Bill shifted his glower from Arden back to Stumpy and felt his fury multiply tenfold. He would deal with Arden Jones and her treachery shortly.
 “I think the department has thanked him quite enough, haven’t they Deputy? Internal Affairs was incredibly kind to you, at least in my estimation, but then again, what I thought didn’t mean a whole helluva a lot when it came to you, did it? Get back on patrol.” With that Bill dismissed the deputy and turned back to Arden, not liking the way her color had risen and the dangerous light in her eyes signaled a coming battle.
“Never mind him, Stumpy. Thank you very much for everything.” The big Deputy fled down the hallway, mumbling something to Arden under his breath, hell-bent on getting out of the Sheriff’s range. 
“Never mind, my ass.” Bill’s rage at Arden’s perceived infidelity was still there, still potent, still completely illogical and bubbling just beneath the surface. Without missing a beat he switched it’s focus and continued his rant, unabated.
“Stumpy Goltree almost got you killed this summer. The fact that he got a commendation rather than his sorry butt fired has nothing to do with it. He set you up to die, and now you're thanking him for it?” 
Arden calmly raised her hand, stopping his torrent in midstream.
“Well, isn’t this just delightful?" she asked pleasantly, the underlying sarcasm in her voice capable of curdling cream. Bill could almost see the steam coming out from Arden’s ears, her rigid stance in the doorway shouting her opinion of his behavior in no uncertain terms.
 "How dare you come to my room and talk to me and my visitor like that? It’s rude and totally inappropriate.” She shifted slightly, tensely on her feet as if preparing for combat, effectively barring him from her room and her inner thoughts with that one small movement.
“Did you want something, or was I just privileged to see you act like a total ass for no apparent reason?”
“Yes goddamn it, I came up here to talk to you about last night, this morning, and what the hell we’re going to do tomorrow. And what do I get for my trouble, but to see Stumpy Goltree strolling out of your room at three in the afternoon straightening his fucking clothes.” 
He was shouting now, all pretense of control gone. He didn’t care if Mindy Turner and half of the Grizzlies football team were listening. “Looking for a little afternoon delight, eh Arden? What, is Doug next? You’re just like your sister.” 
As soon as the words left his mouth he knew the enormity of his misstep. He knew she had done no such thing, knew that she was nothing like her sister. But the words were already out, hanging between them like a noxious cloud in the suddenly soundless hallway.
Arden simply stood there, quiet and still in the doorway, her anger going into deep freeze, the flashing of her eyes the only signal to her utter fury.
“Just who in the hell do you think you are?” Her question was clipped, her words precise as a cutting blade. Her expressionless face showed nothing of the gut-wrenching pain she suddenly felt. At that precise moment she knew the only way to end this confrontation was to bring it down to the level that Bill just had. To completely negate the importance of their lovemaking and fitful courtship.
“We spent the night together. Period. That doesn’t give you rights over my body, my mind or any part of me. I could have slept with half of your damned squad room this morning, and it still wouldn’t be any of your business. If I’d known you were planning on branding me two minutes after I left of your bed, I never would have warmed it in the first place. And don’t you ever dare presume to know my sister or anything about her. Goodbye Sheriff. Thanks for the memories.” With that, Arden stepped back, closing the door with a quiet, distinct click.

Chapter Twenty-Five

Mindy’s absent chatter was welcome background noise to Arden’s turbulent thoughts. She was currently being regaled with the Turner version of what was really going on within the confines of the Wiccan coven. If she hadn’t been so distanced from the situation as a whole, she would have found the innkeeper’s attempt to take her mind off Bill Ashton quite charming. 
The analytical part of Arden’s mind had clamped down on its emotional counterpart with authority the moment door had closed in Bill’s face. It was the ‘this is Arden Jones reporting’ portion of her psyche that dissected and categorized and filed each of Mindy’s statements, finding them an amusing contrast to the complete anti-housewife. For Mindy was the picture of the sophisticated, dislocated urbanite, her hair, nails and make up perfect. The fact that she talked like she’d been born to these hills only added to Arden’s detached amusement.
“I just know they’re doing evil, dirty things in that house.” The sharp enthusiasm in her voice was gleeful, barely contained and very small town. 
“Satanic rituals and sex rites and all manner of things. I know none of those TV people are saying it, but that’s just because we know how to keep what’s ours as ours. They don’t need to see any more Mariposa skeletons, and that damned Stumpy has already aired too many anyhow. You mark my words someone will take that boy down a notch. Even if he does know this whole county top to bottom, he’s gotten too big for his britches, old Mariposa family name or no.”
Mindy’s voice droned on, and Arden stoically checked her inner barometer, almost frightened by the emotion seething just below her calm façade. And just by checking, brought it all roiling to the surface. If she thought she was fooling herself or Mindy, she was wrong. 
She paced the carpet in short, choppy steps, her newly liberated anger growing with each stride. How dare he even begin to imply such a thing? How dare he change what they’d shared into something cheap, easily had? When she thought of the emotion she’d invested in them it made her stomach turn. 
He’d stood outside her door for ten minutes, first asking, then demanding to be let in so they could talk, straighten this out. Mindy had finally come to her rescue and asked him to leave. Arden wasn’t sure, but thought she’d heard the feisty hotelier ask him if he would like Sergeant Brewster’s assistance in exiting the premises.
Then he was gone, and Mindy was firmly knocking on the door. Arden had absentmindedly let her in and she hadn’t left since.
It had been an obscenely eventful twenty-four hours.
“And then we left the Lodge and Cathy was so tipsy that she ran her car into a ditch. We had to pay the Sheriff so he wouldn’t take Cathy to jail. Can you imagine? So, of course we paid him. In those days you didn’t to anything to upset the law in this county. Everyone here knows what happened to that deputy who wanted to go to the state Attorney General, yes indeed. They found his body at the bottom of the lake two summers later. Couldn’t swim, my hiney. Cal Black was a damned fish and everyone in this county knew it. Who did they think they were fooling?”
Mindy’s mention of the Sheriff caught Arden’s interest only as long as it took to determine she was talking about a previous regime. Then her mind returned to the same mantra it had been hashing to death for the last hour and a half.
She had no one to blame but herself for the way things stood. She was a consenting adult. She’d enjoyed herself and pleasured him, so what was the harm, where was the foul? It was just as she’d told him. She had shared his bed. 
Even as she tried to rationalize her anger over his behavior, her overwhelming feelings of betrayal, to be a sophisticated adult about the whole situation, she knew she was lying to herself. 
She’d invested too much of her heart in this man, only to have him stomp on it with size thirteen boots. How could he impugn her character, the one thing that defined her as Arden Jones? That was the thing that infuriated her the most. She'd been secure in the knowledge that he would never doubt her integrity. Even Tom’s betrayal hadn’t hurt as badly as Bill Ashton's mistrust in her. 
One thing was for certain, Tom had never made her as dangerously angry as she was right this second. When it came to displays of emotion, the Arden Jones of days past had always handled them tastefully and with tact. She never made a scene, never let herself get so involved that she lost her head. 
It seemed that all of that tact and restraint had flown out the window the instant Bill Ashton had opened his damned fool mouth. She was about two seconds away from picking up the delicate knick-knacks adorning the dresser and heaving them against the tastefully papered walls. It was a very thin line she was walking, and in her current state of mind she couldn’t think of anything more satisfying than hearing the refined explosion of expensive porcelain. 
She also knew, deep in her woman’s heart, that the pure, clean anger she felt right now would give way to something much more painful in a very short while. If she knew one thing, it was that she didn’t want to be anywhere near Mariposa when that happened. With a determined nod, she strode to the end of the bed, gathering up her loose belongings as she did so. If nothing else, she would have memories to take with her, even if the man they involved was the biggest horse’s ass north of the Mexican border.
Mindy shifted to down-and-dirty girl talk, apparently fearful of losing her audience. “Yak, Yak, Yak…”
Arden listened with half an ear as she began re-packing the lone suitcase sitting on the luggage rack. She had her car back and the authorities were looking into her sister’s disappearance. She saw no reason to stay here and subject herself to Mindy Turner’s endless supply of gossip or Bill Ashton’s heedlessly cruel heart. 
She’d always wanted to see Lake Tahoe, play the slots in Reno. This was her chance. Maybe her only chance to leave with her pride intact. 
She was crossing the room for the last of her toiletries when a movement caught her eye. Swinging to fully face the second-story window, she stifled a gasp as she looked into the disquieted eyes of Sheriff Bill Ashton.
* * * *
Mindy fled the room in a coward's retreat as Bill hauled himself over the sash with a harsh grunt. His hands and arms were hashed with the distinctive thin red attack lines of a rose’s thorns, his jeans and shirt dirty from his traverse up the delicate trellis adorning the side of the boarding house.
Arden moved to the other side of the room, not quite trusting her uncertain temper at this point. He’d caught her by surprise. Her emotions were so tangled that she wasn’t sure whether to burst into tears or start hurling the same knick-knacks she’d been eyeing only moments before. She rode that teetering edge, furious at him for broaching the fragile shell she was trying to build around herself, around her heart.
Now that he’d gained entry to the room, Bill’s expression was as tight and pinched, as Arden’s, his stance just as defensive. He shoved his fists into the pockets of his filthy jeans, waiting for the tirade to begin. 
It was that long stretch of stillness that finally did Arden in, brought her anger back to a peak. Without a word she walked to her suitcase and began to pack again, throwing her belongings recklessly into the case. 
She slammed the lid shut and whirled to face him, the fury and pain in her eyes clashing and melding into something new, something monstrous. “Do you even know what you’ve done?”
He sighed, long and low.
“Yeah, I’ve got a pretty good idea. Even better than that, I know what I should have done. I should have pushed Stumpy through that goddamned wall for even coming up here to talk to you. Then I should have taken out my gun and shot myself in the goddamn foot, because I sure as shit did it by opening my mouth.” His delivery was slow, thoughtful, and utterly weary. 
His statement formed a picture in her mind and brought a small pained smile to Arden’s face. Her anger drained from her as suddenly as it had come. In its place was a soul-deep fatigue and the renewed urge to leave this town that brought her joy and pain in equal measures.
“I’d say that about sums it up. You know how to reach me in L.A. I should be back home in a week or so. Please let me know if anything changes in Samantha’s case.” She picked up the case and started for the door, 
“So you’re just leaving? I never figured you for a runner. You’ve always struck me as quite a fighter.” 
If he’d spoken in anything but the same deliberate, reflective tone, Arden would have walked out the door and never looked back. But his quiet observation hit too close to the bone.
She turned to face him, her suitcase still hanging from her hand, her eyes and posture tired and sad. “What is there to fight for? There’s nothing I can do to help you find Sam or your psychotic. You and your deputies are quite capable of doing your job without me getting in the way. It just took me a little while to figure that out.” Turning again, she blindly reached for the door handle, her eyes filling with tears. She would not, would not cry in front of him. 
He knew too much of her already, and she couldn’t, wouldn’t risk what was left of herself.
“What about us Arden, are you willing to fight for that?” He was right behind her, so quick and quiet on his feet that she hadn’t even heard him move.
Arden froze, tears leaking down her cheeks. She grasped wildly at the closest, most convenient excuse for the terror clutching at her heart with ripping, tearing claws, and heard herself calmly ask, “Why should I be, when you’ve made it perfectly clear what kind of woman I am? Remember? I’m just like Samantha. That means I use people for what I can, then move on. Well, Sheriff, I’m moving on.” She reached out to grasp the door handle once again, but was pulled back against Bill’s hard, unyielding chest.
“Well, I’ll be damned if I let you go without a fight. I may be an asshole, but I’m not an idiot.” He spun her around, his breath catching at the sight of the silent tears weaving down her face. He had never seen anything more heartbreaking. It pushed him so far past what remained of his fury that he couldn't remember why they were angry with each other.
“Oh God Arden, I’m so sorry." Cupping her face in his hands, he lowered his lips to hers, tasting the salt of her tears before she jerked away from him.
She looked up at him, keeping her features placid even though it felt like a monster earthquake was rolling through her midsection.
“Stop. Just let me leave, all right? We’ll chalk this one up to experience. It was nice while it lasted, but it’s over. I’ve got to go back to my life in L.A. and you’ve got a killer to catch and deputies to manage.” She smiled wanly.
She took a deep breath and turned to the door once again. “Goodbye Bill.”
Just as she thought he would let her go, let her cloak herself in what was left of her pride, his hand closed over hers on the ornate doorknob.
“Don’t leave me for being stupid Arden,” he whispered in her ear, the overlapping heat and strength of his hand the only thing restraining her.
“I know you’d never cheat, it's just not in you. Seeing him in here made me snap. I’m sorry, please believe me.” With that entreaty he lifted his hand and stepped away from her, giving her the choice to stay or go.
Bill watched her stand there, her strong shoulders so ably holding the weight of the world. For just a moment he thought she might actually leave, and knew he would never allow that to happen, even if he had to do something as rash as detain her on some goofy charge. She could not leave. It was more than a certainty in his mind. It was fact. Then she turned back to him again, her eyes stormy once more.
“How could you.” It was not a question, it was a statement. A testament to his stupidity as a male.
“You ass. You still have no idea why I’m pissed, do you?” She stood there, the suitcase still in her hand, insisting upon maintaining an escape route if it was warranted.
Bill shifted back a touch, getting comfortable in his stance. He had a feeling this might get ugly.
“I’d imagine it’s because I all but called you a slut.” He stood there stoically, waiting for the verbal, and possibly physical, barrage. Instead Arden shook her head sadly. 
Bill knew then that he’d failed some vital test.
“No. That’s not it, and if you don’t understand it now, I don’t expect you to understand it later. Give me a call when Samantha shows up. She’ll probably need money. You know where to find me.”
“All right then,” Bill said agreeably, before she could turn back to the door. If she wanted to play it that way, then they could. He crossed his arms, settling in for the long haul. “But before you go, would you mind explaining to me what it is that I’ll never understand? If nothing else, I’d like to know why it’s so easy for you to leave Mariposa and me behind.”
“Fine. You really want to know? You’re the kind of guy that has ‘relationship’ written all over him. I’m not looking for that now or in the foreseeable future. I just want to find my sister and get back to my nice, normal life.” She spread her hands in a quick, flighty gesture, not quite hiding the nerves making her hands shake, and not quite noticing the subtle relaxation of Bill’s posture as he leaned against the wall opposite her.
Now he knew what the real problem was. She was scared. Of him, of herself, of them. It was rather ironic, because it was usually the male of the species who bolted in this situation. Instead, after last night, he couldn’t imagine ever waking up without Arden in his bed, in his arms. It was right, it was good, and it was destined, at least in his mind. While he was sorry that her sister’s abduction was the catalyst that had brought them together, he would never regret the end result.
Arden continued restlessly. “Like I said before, maybe it would be best if we just called it a draw and went about our business. Last night was very nice, but I just can’t deal with this kind of upheaval in my life.”
Bill pushed away from the wall with a casual motion. If she wanted rational, then he’d give her rational. He was a patient man. He could afford the time it would take her to reconcile her feelings and what she would consider to be her traitorous emotions. And he had just the idea, just the appeal to her honor, that would keep her here in his town, here in his life.
Let the courting begin.

Chapter Twenty-Six

“Hello Captain Jones, I’m Adam Porter. Sheriff Ashton asked that we speak regarding Samantha.” 
Arden's thoughts were poisonous as she shook the doctor's hand across the table. Bill Ashton was a sneaky, conniving son of a bitch. He’d known she wouldn’t leave if there were any way she could assist in tracking down Samantha and her abductor. He’d used her sense of duty against her like a bludgeon, hammering home the point that they needed to understand both the killer and his victims if they had any hope of catching him and saving Sam’s life.
Her inescapable sense of honor and family had her sitting in a cramped little office at the fairgrounds on a sweltering Monday afternoon, distinctly uncomfortable with the fact that some shrink would be peeling back her brain to look at her psyche.
“Let me be straight with you, doc.” She began, taking the offensive. “If it weren’t for Sam, you and I wouldn’t be sitting here right now. I don’t mean that in the obvious connotation, either.”
“Don’t worry Arden, may I call you Arden?” At her stiff nod he continued. “I’ve interviewed military members before. I know you have doubts about the validity of my work and that you don’t trust me farther than you can throw me. Does that about sum it up?”
Arden grinned crookedly at his synopsis, a little chagrined that he could see through her self-protection measures so easily. “You’re right on the money. Am I that transparent?”
The handsome doctor shook his head. “No, but as I said, I’ve interviewed military members before. I know the stigma that goes hand in hand with seeing mental health providers, even if it is groundless. We’ll try to work around that conditioning, find out if there’s anything we need to know about Samantha that might help her, all right?”
And so they began. 
It was a little strange, Arden thought as they talked over the battered top of the desk four days later. After that first meeting it had been her impression that the doctor had initially meant for them to meet only once or twice, to get the basics of what made Samantha tick. Instead, they found themselves building a rapport and common knowledge base that she would have scoffed at only days before. 
But there was more to it than that. In trying to find out more about Samantha, Dr. Porter’s inquisitive mind and searching questions made her dig deep, forced her to analyze her relationship with her estranged sister, to analyze herself. Just as she’d imagined, it was painful to bare her soul, to delve into her childhood and to reveal the things that defined her as Arden Jones. Some of those revelations did not make her happy.
By Thursday she’d eased into a relaxed, almost friendly relationship with the doctor. His gentle jibes and camaraderie made it easy for her to remember and reflect on her childhood, on the things that had both bound her to and separated her from Sam from the day they were born.
On this, their final day of interviewing, Dr. Porter surprised her, asking her to take one of those hokey personality tests. Even though she snorted in derision as she answered his questions, she still wondered deep down what the result would be. 
"Well," he said quietly, "no real revelation there. You're most definitely a 'blue.'"
“What does that mean?” she feigned nonchalance, settling back in her chair.
Adam read her reaction instantly and instinctively went with the best way to press their interview to the next level, settling into his own chair and tipping it back onto two legs.
“You’re what the Keirsey test calls a Caregiver.” He chuckled darkly at the horrified expression that crossed her face.
“You’d never admit it, but making sure that everything and everyone around you are comfortable and cared for is of utmost importance to you. You’re one of those people who will never leave a job until it’s done and done right, because you’d never want to have someone else come in and clean up your mess. You’re not afraid of making mistakes, but you don’t want to inconvenience others when you should have done it correctly the first time. Your sense of wrong and right drives your life, and duty and honor are the most essential things in your makeup. You’re also a romantic at heart, although, once again, you’d never admit it, even to yourself. You’ll never wait for the hero to ride in on his big white horse to come and rescue you, but then again, you never really stop looking for him. And you’re afraid that you may have found him in Bill Ashton.”
Porter leaned further back in his chair, watching her as she tried to enter her straight-laced military persona and failed.
Captain Arden Jones was shocked right down to her soul. He was right, so damned right. She ignored his last sentence and concentrated on the characterization that defined who she was. That she could deal with. How could she reconcile the fact that she was all of those things with the fact that she’d joined the Air Force? Because when it came right down to it, wasn’t she trained to kill the enemy? Sure, she was a reporter, but when they sent you to the front lines as an officer, you strapped on an automatic handgun and went about your business, period. Granted, the first time she’d faced a bullet, she’d acted correctly, with instinctive honor, but what if she ever actually had to pull the trigger? Would she be able to do it?
Adam watched as she struggled to process what he’d said, then spoke again, slowly, surely. “You’re perfectly suited for the military because that sense of duty and honor compel you to do the right thing, regardless of the cost. Your intrinsic tendency to control your environment makes you an outstanding officer and a natural leader. What amazes me is that you and Samantha are so far apart, personality wise.”
A little unnerved by the shift in topic, Arden could only look at him, waiting for his next pronouncement.
According to him, Samantha had always been an “orange,” a seeker, a Doer. From his evaluation of what Arden had told him of their childhood and the bits and pieces gleaned from adulthood, Sam was an extrovert. Her blunt straightforwardness compelled her to plunge right into the middle of almost any situation, never looking over her shoulder at the past or up ahead toward the future.
Arden readily agreed with that evaluation, didn’t see it as anything new or earth shattering. It was his rationale that was unsettling. Adam said that Samantha was probably always two steps ahead of most of the people she interacted with, so she bored easily. Personality types like hers tended to look for the newest, most exciting sensation, from anti-establishment behavior to drugs, all in a search for that indefinable something to make themselves complete. He also seemed to think that someone like Samantha would be the perfect foil to her captor. 
Arden broke into his synopsis with a question. 
“Why do you think that?” She asked, more to assuage her own budding curiosity rather than doubt his perspective. He’d been too perceptive when dealing with her personality profile for her to start wondering about his professional judgment.
“Let me ask you another question. Is Samantha a people person? One of those personalities who can talk people into doing almost anything for them?” At her nod he continued. 
“Then why shouldn’t she use those innate talents to free herself, to end her confinement? I’ve known Samantha, or women just like her. Because of her very nature, her ingrained antipathy toward authority, she may be able to use the Wiccan aspect of the case as the tool she needs to either defeat him or to complete his fantasy.”
Arden hummed under her breath, considering. It sounded right, but she wasn’t too sure about the religion mumbo-jumbo. From what she’d learned from Ynes earlier this summer, Samantha wasn’t the most likely candidate to take up the Wiccan religion. Still, Dr. Porter been right in almost everything else, and was supposed to be a world-renowned expert on women, so she had to lend his hypothesis a whole hell of a lot of credence.
Even though he only mentioned it that once, he’d danced around her relationship with the Sheriff on stealthy feet, never quite asking if she wanted to talk about it, but never closing the door entirely. She’d learned a great many things about herself and Samantha over the course of the last several days and was still trying to figure out how to ease into the new, improved skin of Arden Jones. Of all the things she’d dealt with recently, Bill Ashton was the last thing she wanted to touch upon. 
In the four days since their hallway confrontation, Bill had studiously left Arden alone. At first she’d been grateful for the solitude, happy that he’d let it, let her, go. Then it began to confound and irritate her in equal measures. He’d gone out of his way to make her stay, then he ignored her.
* * * *
After almost a week of having her brain picked, Arden deserved a day off. At least that was her line of thinking. Taking a day trip to Yosemite had seemed like a good idea until she heard that over three million people visited the park from May to September. She didn’t really feel like becoming three million and one. She just wanted to sit someplace quiet, someplace where she could think about herself and Samantha and the convoluted twists and turns the paths of their lives had taken.
She settled for taking an early morning drive, not even bothering to read the paper or catch the news before she left. The little red sports coupe purred down the road, Arden's hair blazing behind it like a flaxen flag as she wove and wound her way up and down the sinuous, golden curves and inlets that made up the foothills. While she drove, her eyes devoured the dry hillsides, scraggly bull pines and fuzzily gray granite that fought its way out of the reddish mountain clay.
Before she knew it she had passed through the tiny town of Bear Valley and realized where she had unconsciously driven. If she took a sharp left turn she would be at Bill's ranch in a matter of minutes. As she drove those last few hundred yards to the turn-off her subconscious weighed the pros and cons of making that left turn. In the end rationality won out, made her drive straight ahead, up and up until the only thing surrounding her were golden hillsides and fire-dry mesquite. When it seemed like the foothills would go on forever, she topped a small ridge and stopped right in the middle of the road.
The vista was like nothing she’d ever seen before. The hillsides folded down and up and sideways, always maintaining their tawny coat of late summer. Ahead of her a valley opened up, the slate gray-blue of a river slicing it’s way through the bottom. In a dream, she eased out the clutch, heading for the scenic turnout just a few hundred feet ahead.
Gravel crunched under the sports car’s tires as she wheeled to the guardrail, then stepped out into the already-searing heat, her eyes devouring the landscape before her. The highway snaked down the side of the mountain, looping in and out of the gullies and washes carved into the mountainside, doubling back on itself so many times she lost count. Two thousand feet below her an impossibly thin two-lane bridge traversed the river, granting access to the other side. 
This is what she’d been looking for, something untamed and new. She all but leapt back into the car, furiously pelting down the mountain toward an unknown but bone-deep desire. Deep gorges and mini-canyons beckoned, luring her eyes away from the road. Deep caves carved into the native rock and boasting ‘No Trespassing’ signs all but begged her to come in and explore. In the end she muscled the car down the road, headed toward the bridge and her utter conviction that her salvation lay at the end of that road.
As she reached the bottom of the canyon, the bridge shot across the river, offering mindless travel in its silver-black ribbon of road. Instead, she turned right, down a small dirt entryway, and eased the Miata into the all-but-empty lot of a tiny store/bait shop. 
The store was like any you would see across rural America, vinyl sides starting to oxidize, a sleeping and possibly dead dog lying in front, and a disreputable looking pick-up truck sitting right next to the enormous satellite TV receiver. Yes, it fit all of the notions of a backwoods bait shop, with the exception of its location. It sat on the side of the canyon overlooking the river and boasted the shadiest, most inviting picnic table Arden had ever seen. It was a place where local politics would be discussed and stogies smoked as the slumberous river rolled by, day after day, week after week. 
Under that tree, sitting on the table itself, was the most remarkable man that Arden had ever seen. She could see the thin, home-rolled cigarette resting between his fingers, a workman’s corded arms bared in the cut-off sleeves of his T-shirt, a tan deep and genuine that it had to be baked in, probably acquired in his early twenties. He looked exactly like what Arden imagined a father would look like in this part of the country. Hard-edged, rough and true. 
She headed into the store first, for a cold drink. The woman manning the checkout counter was in her early sixties and attractive, in a homespun, hard-working kind of way. Arden realized that she must have been quite beautiful in her youth. Paying for her iced tea, she absentmindedly answering the woman’s questions as she made her way to the door. 
The store was definitely a catchall. Gold pans hung next to fishing lures, which hung next to bags of marshmallows, which sat next to gigantic bags of charcoal briquettes. Kodak photographs of fishermen graced the walls, proudly displaying their catches with gap-toothed smiles.
The Coca-Cola thermometer hanging on the wall of the building was sun-washed and bleached with time and already read 90 degrees.
The man sitting at the table swung his careworn face toward her, measuring her in a keen, encompassing glance. He scooted over on the table, offering her a seat, then stared back out over the river, cigarette dangling from one hand, coffee cup from the other.
Arden eased up on the seat next to him, not quite sure how she trusted this total stranger so quickly, so totally. But it was there. Maybe this was the epiphany she’d felt awaiting her.
Comfortable in the silence, she scratched behind the ears of the shorthaired mutt that was indeed alive and had relinquished his spot beside the door, hoping for a stranger’s affection. The dog flopped down in front of her, seemingly exhausted by the process of walking ten feet in this heat.
The man to Arden’s right snorted disgustedly. “Damned lazy dog. All he does is eat and sleep.” The tones of affection were obvious in the man’s voice, his ownership proud and clear.
“Yeah, but who doesn’t envy a dog’s life?” She asked, leaning back on the table as she stared across the river at the ruins and foundations dotting the far hillside.
Her companion turned to look at her, interest apparent in his eyes. “Who indeed? Hello, I’m Jack, the woman running this whole kit and caboodle is my wife, Victoria.” He set down the coffee mug, offering his hand in a courtly, old school gesture.
“Hi.” She answered with a smile as she shook his weathered, callused hand. “I’m Arden.”
Even though she left her name at just that, she had the distinct feeling that he knew exactly who and what she was.
“So, Arden, what are you doing passing through Bagby on such a dismal, hot Friday? Fair Days are over, school is back in session, and most of the tourists have left Yosemite. Why is a nice military girl like you prowling the hills of Northern California?”
Arden started to ask how he knew she was in the service, then realized that he could see the military stickers on her car. Before she knew what she was saying, it was said.
"I'm looking for myself, I guess. Trying to make sure I haven't been lost somewhere along the way."
Jack shook his head a little, his eyes never leaving her. "Seems to me if you know enough to look, then you probably weren't lost in the first place. A little misdirected maybe, but not lost." He shrugged, turning his attention once more to the mindless flow of the river.
Arden sat there for a moment, absorbing what he'd said. Maybe he was right, maybe not. 
The decision was hers to make. It was a liberating to think that, she realized. She'd always been told what to do, by her parents, by the military, in her marriage, so she'd never really made any life decisions about Arden Jones. 
She knew what choice had to be made, and made today if she were to really move forward in her life. 
Pushing away from the picnic table, she sauntered to the source of the deep shade, and leaned against the trunk of an enormous walnut tree. She contemplated the placid flow of water below her, listening to the whir of cars as they swept past on to destinations unknown. 
As if sensing the turbulent flow of her thoughts, Jack began to speak, seemingly aimlessly. “We don’t get many out-of-towners down here. It’s mostly families and gold dredgers and history seekers. Those foundations across the river,” he nodded, indicating the ruins poking up out of the long prairie grass. “That’s the original town of Bagby. It started out as one of those gold settlements that usually burn out as fast as they start. It was hastily made, dirty and corrupt as they come.”
“Hmmm.” Arden hummed, listening to him with half an ear while she circled round and round what she wanted, needed to figure out.
“It was a hellhole all right, and never did get much better, even up to the time they flooded the valley to make the lake back in the 60s. The Josephine and Pine Tree mines further up the hill were pumping out ore faster than men could spend it, and along with that came the debauchery that that too many men, too much whiskey and a boatload of money creates. The folks of Bear Valley had cleaned up their town when the boom first started, so they pretty much kept out of the miner’s business, except to sell them goods. Then Zachariah Ashton had to come in here with his cows and shake the whole damn county to pieces.”
Arden turned to face him. “Ashton. Any relation to the Sheriff?”
“Yup. The Sheriff’s his great-grandson or something along those lines. I guess lawing comes natural to those boys.”
“Lawing? I don’t think I’ve ever heard of that before.”
The old man chuckled. “Sorry, it’s one of those words we’ve twisted to make our own. What I meant was, old Zachariah was a lawman too, pinned on a badge not too long after he got here so he could hunt down the man who killed his partner, legal-like.”
“Oh,” Her companion settled into a companionable silence, drawing on his cigarette and watching the river. Now that Jack had broached the subject of the Sheriff, she couldn’t very well avoid thinking about him, could she? 
She didn’t want to analyze what she felt for him, but it was hard not to when she’d been hauling her feelings out for show and tell for the past four days. He scared the crap out of her, pure and simple. Now that she had a little time, a little distance to look at their highly charged rendezvous she was appalled by her lack of control. 
Sex had always been fun to her. It was a good healthy outlet for two consenting adults. She’d never lost her head like that, never lost herself in the moment, never given herself over so completely to a lover. And that was exactly what Bill Ashton had been. A lover. A partner. Not someone you merely slaked a thirst with. He was the type of man you married and raised a houseful of kids with. The type of man you sat with on the porch swing then thanked the heavens for your good fortune.
What in God’s name could she do with a man like that, especially under her present circumstances? She could be called back to the base or some god-awful corner of the world at a moment’s notice. The fact that she loved her chosen career only added to the certainty that she was going to have to make a choice between the life she wanted to live in the short term and the one she wanted to pursue when she retired.
She would see him tonight, she decided, talk it out and see where they both stood. The Samantha situation only jumbled the mess, made it more confusing for everyone involved. Pushing back from the tree, she turned to find her Jack’s gaze on her, a small smile on his craggy face.
“Did you find yourself?”
Arden grinned, “Probably not, but I think I may have found the path again.”
* * * *
Newly energized, Arden began the trek back to town. As she drove her mind kept circling around one of Dr. Porter’s parting comments to her. It disturbed her on a fundamental level, because she could see the truth in it. He had stressed the role that each of the victims had played over the course of their incarceration, albeit by force. Even though it was only his theory based upon the Ross crime scene, he thought that the women had entered into a willing, consensual sexual relationship with their captor, thereby giving him the power to grant or take their lives as he deemed appropriate. It was a pact with the devil in any case, since he almost certainly planned on killing them anyway.

The Sixth Fold

She has come so far, so fast. She is the Goddess, even she has begun to admit it, in her subconscious. Everything I have waited for and wanted is coming to fruition. It is only right that she should realize it on Mabon, the Fall Equinox, the day when we once again dance on the cusp.
When had she begun to believe? Samantha couldn’t really pin down the date or time, since both had become meaningless entities to her. It seemed more like a gradual rebirth, a deepening awareness of herself, an awakening of senses she didn’t even know she possessed. She knew it was Mabon, because the food and incense for the day had changed to the traditional fare of fall harvest. It had been a change she welcomed, it marked a progression in her captivity, and in her education.
She no longer looked at the wall of books as the tools of a madman, but as possible steps to her salvation. The deeper she slipped into meditation and the practices of the Eight-Fold Path, the more steadfast she became. She’d already completed the first two steps of that path without even knowing it, and her use of drugs in the past had given her the knowledge to carry her past the third aspect. 
They were all laid out before her now, and she ran through the list in her mind, not even reading the text placed before her. It had been burned into her brain.
Mental discipline through fasting and physical disciplines. Done. 
Development of the Will through mental imagery, visualization, and meditation. Done, mostly through yoga, but done. 
Proper controlled use of drugs. Done to death. 
Personal power, thought-projection, raising and drawing power. She was working on it. She’d been trying to reach Arden, to tell her that she was all right, but the distance, both physical and emotional, seemed to be too great. She would continue to try. 
The keys: ritual knowledge and practice through the use of enchantments, spells, symbols and charms. Again, she had the knowledge, and was using that knowledge to dig deeper, find more, but without the proper tools, most enchantments were weak at best. 
Psychic development and dream control. She figured that one would take a hell of a lot of time to master, but figured she had nothing but time at this point. 
Rising upon the planes. Astral projection and mental projection. Way, way down the road, but attainable, given time. 
And last but not least: Sex magick, sensuality and eroticism. She had that one down cold, at least the sensuality and eroticism part. But it was hard to practice sexual magick, at least the way it was alluded to in the teachings, without a partner.
As she sat on the floor in the lotus position, she laid out the cataclysmic events of the last one hundred days or so in an orderly, dispassionate fashion totally unlike her impetuous, flamboyant nature of the past. 
Who was she now? She was no longer Samantha Henning, at least not the woman who’d acted as whore and courier to a criminal, who’d bartered her body and soul for just one more line, one more hit. She was no longer the Samantha who’d gone out of her way to insult and torment those weaker, less fortunate than her. All of those dirty, callous thoughts seemed to be a million miles from who and where she was right here, right now.
At the same time, she regretted little over the course of her life. If she could go back and change one thing, make a difference in one way, it would be to reestablish her relationship with Arden. They’d been adversaries since adolescence, but she now recognized that their rocky relationship had been fueled by her own selfish nature. She’d always been jealous of Arden, the good girl, the good student, the beautiful little tomboy. Granted, Arden had always given back as good as she got, but the hurt had always seemed to run deeper for her, each argument seemed to tear them a little further apart. For that, she was profoundly sorry, both for herself and for Arden.
However this captivity, this forced bout of self-analysis ended, could she really tell herself she was not the better person for it?
And that was, perhaps, the thing that scared her most of all. Had her captor unwittingly made her into the person the both of them wanted, needed her to be? The line between the Samantha she was and the Diana she was becoming had become disturbingly thin, frighteningly fragile.

I don’t know if I can wait for the Midsummer ceremony. She is perfect and right. She has mastered almost everything I’ve placed before her, even though she has fought it each step of the way. She has even more potential than I. Samhain looms next, and the skin between the living and the dead will become thin and taut. I must wait until at least then.

Chapter Twenty-Seven

Alleged Sheriff's Department Misconduct
Mariposa County Sheriff William Ashton has been placed under investigation for impropriety surrounding the Ladykiller serial murder investigation. Sources within the department claim Sheriff Ashton's involvement with Air Force officer Captain Arden Jones, herself the sister of an assumed victim, went beyond the bounds of good judgment and may have jeopardized the investigation as a whole. When questioned on the allegations, Mayor Ken Patricks stated only that an examination of the charges would be made.
The Ladykiller has claimed five known victims to date. Law enforcement officials have no apparent leads, and the missing person search for Samantha Henning, the sister of Captain Arden Jones, continues. 

“You have got to be fucking kidding me,” hissed Bill as he read the short blurb in the Sacramento Bee. Doug had shoved it directly under his nose before the first cup of coffee was even poured in the squad room.
It was not a good way to start a Friday morning. He hadn’t seen Arden since Sunday night and that separation and uncertainty was wearing on the one remaining nerve he had left. He’d wanted to give her a little time to think everything through. She’d come to him when she was ready, then he could begin courting her, as was her due. 
This little tidbit just frosted the cake. He hadn’t breached any protocol in having Porter interview her, he’d made sure of that through the county legal counsel. Someone was leaking information again. 
He was choking down that first cup of coffee, trying to figure out what to do about the rat within the department, when Ken Patricks stormed into his office, demanding to know what the hell was up with ‘that military chick.’ For a man of the people, the mayor had a surprising repertoire of curse words at his disposal, and did not hesitate to use them when warranted.
By nine Bill had fielded calls from each of the supervisors and the furious editor of The Dispatch. He could tell his “no comment” was starting to piss people off, and he didn’t expect it to get any better as the day wore on.
By nine-thirty he’d consumed half a roll of Tums. His usually cast-iron stomach was rolling queasily, sending him signals his brain didn’t want to receive.
* * * *
The utter stillness that descended over the squad room signaled Arden’s entrance. Within seconds, both deputies and administrative personnel alike found something absolutely enthralling on their desktops, not even daring to glance at the cause of the latest sensation in the Department.
Arden walked directly to Gail’s desk. Gail was the only person in the department besides Doug Brewster not staring conspicuously at their fingernails. The indefatigable secretary smiled tightly at Arden, bouncing the eraser end of a Ticonderoga pencil rapidly on the blotter on her desk. “Sheriff’ll be out in a few minutes Captain Jones. Why don’t you have a seat.”
“Thanks, I’ll stand. Sergeant Brewster.” She said calmly, nodding her head the lawman’s way.
“Ma’am.” Doug briefly pondered the wisdom of what he was about to do, then motioned his head toward the conference room that doubled as a questioning area. He watched the way every head in the room swiveled to watch Arden’s progress and imagined the result of the speculation grenade he’d just pulled the pin on. 
“Sergeant.” Arden was in her depth now, and both of them knew it. The rank structure and courtesies of every police department in the world were startlingly similar, almost mirror-like, to the military.
“Listen Captain, the Sheriff would shoot me, and I mean that, literally, if he knew I was talking to you like this. I mean, he’s a grown man who makes his own decisions, but he’s my friend too. You know what came out in today’s paper?”
“Yeah, that’s why I’m here. Mindy showed it to me as soon as I got back from my morning drive, barely able to restrain herself.”
“Well.” He paused, shifting on his feet, uncertain how to proceed. “You know what this can do to the Sheriff’s career. I just hope you’re half the woman he thinks you are, to put him through this.” Then he stood there, like a great big slab of granite, prepared for the harsh words and recriminations that were sure to follow. Instead, Arden just looked up at him, a sad smile in her eyes.
“I hope I am too, Sergeant, I hope I am too.” With that she turned, opened the door, and found herself a hard plastic seat in the lobby.
* * * *
She stood before him, magnificent in her frustration, a beacon amidst the files and folders and piles of his office. That article had hit her hard, below the belt. She dealt with it in the only way she knew how to, head on.
“You just don’t get it, do you? Look at what my being here, our being together, has done. You’re under investigation, for God’s sakes. There just can’t be an us until all of this,” she gestured wildly, taking in the squad room, town, and county in one grand gesture, “is over. They’ll never leave us alone until it is. And then there’s me.
“I took an oath to serve and protect my country, and my word is my bond. I have four years left before I retire, and I will serve each and every day of that term. It’s not that I don’t want to stay here, see what might develop between the two of us. I’ve discovered I want to do that more than almost anything. But I can’t have it at the cost of my conscience. You should know me well enough by now to know that.” Her intensity rivaled the sun, and he knew she meant each and every word, that she was not playing games or bargaining away her soul. And it made him love her and want her that much more.
“No Arden, it’s you that just doesn’t get it.” He knew he was being harsh, but maybe there was only one way to say it. He wanted, needed her too much to put it in pretty words or phrases. “All of this, as you put it, will end in one of three ways. Samantha will show up unharmed and I’ll have a murderer on the loose, Samantha will show up dead and another girl will disappear and I’ll still have a murderer on my hands, or the county will boot me out on my ass before either of them happen for gross incompetence. Either way, it has nothing to do with you and I.” He paused, then continued in a gentler tone.
“Let’s be real honest here. This situation sucks across the board. You and I have found something right, something good. Why let a shitty predicament kill that before it even gets started?”
“The situation has everything to do with you and me. We wouldn’t be here if Samantha hadn’t disappeared. And now, there is an us, whether we like it or not. It’s up to us to behave like responsible adults, to make the best of bad circumstances.” She snapped back at him edgily. “And I’m going to do just that. I’m leaving for L.A. this afternoon. We’ve got an airshow coming up, and Major Allen wants me home as soon as possible to handle the PR end of it. 
“Now that the article has been published, today seems like as good a day as any.” She softened her voice, laying a hand on his arm in supplication. “Let’s be realistic, Bill. We both know how badly this article and my being here can hurt you. I have a career in Los Angeles, and it’s not something I can just call in sick for. You of all people should understand that.”
“Well.” He drew the word out slowly, softly. He’d known she couldn’t stay in Mariposa forever, but he’d counted on more time to get close to her, to wear down that shield that seemed to spring up whenever they were together. She was his, dammit, even if she didn’t realize it yet. She hadn’t even left and already it hurt, hurt in a way he’d forgotten, or maybe never even known before.
“If that’s the way it’s gotta be, then that’s the way it’s gotta be. I can’t say I’m happy with it, though.” He shifted away from her, running an idle hand over a stack of notes before turning to her again.
“I’ve got to be straight with you, Arden, especially since we haven’t had a chance to clear the air since last weekend. There’s something between us, and it goes way past anything I’ve ever felt before, even with Caitlin. Now you need to be honest with me. If this is it, if I’ll never see you again except as the investigator in charge of your sister’s disappearance, then tell me now. If you're planning on backing out on what we've started, I need to know so I can get on with my life. If you’re going to stick, then we need to figure out where we go from here.” He stood before her quietly, his voice and body rock hard with the intensity of his emotion.
Arden reached up, stroking a hand over his clenched jaw. “Until this morning I couldn’t and wouldn’t have answered that question. Now, I almost wish it was just a casual fling, because it would be easier for both of us.” She stood there, her hand still feathering his cheek, tears filling her eyes. “Maybe this is for the best. What we have burns so fast and so hot that most of the time I don’t know who I am. I need that Bill. I need to know that whatever else changes, for the better or worse, that I stay the same. I need to be Arden Jones, not Bill Aston's woman or that Air Force chick. I need to figure out who I really am and I need to do that alone.”
She leaned in, raising her face, her lips to his. She expected his parting kiss to be fierce, frustrated, wild. But it wasn’t. It was tender and searching and tore her heart in two.

Interim

It is pure curiosity that draws me here. That such vitality, such burning, raw power should be shared by two siblings is amazing to me. I've watched the sister over these past weeks, the way she and the Sheriff circle around each other, never quite trusting each other or themselves enough to say aloud what their hearts and bodies have decreed as truth. It is amusing and sad at the same time. If either of them knew how close I was, how I slip in and out of their lives like a shadow, they would not balk at cementing their relationship past the physical. 
She is truly amazing. If I hadn't encountered Diana first she would have drawn me in like a moth to the flame. Where Diana is flamboyant and excessive, she is dignified and reserved. Only their passions stem from the same well. They can love and hate with a voracity, a verve I've never encountered. Ah, to watch them together when they were children, it would have been entertaining. Nevertheless, I am sure now that Diana is my one true goddess. She has learned too quickly, too well to be anything else. 
I watch the sister now, as she interacts within her own environment. Planes thunder overhead, deafening the crowd. Would they hear her scream? I have considered subtracting her from the equation, simply because of the threat she poses. After all, who would suspect me? The identification I carry, the persona I project to these simpletons puts me beyond reproach.
No, I will not, but only because she is so fascinating to watch, to study. Such a mass of contradictions. The cool military professional here, a fumbling female there. If only the Sheriff could see her in this environment. He would take her in both hands and never let her go.
Ah, the Sheriff. It is almost a shame that by circumstance I must consort with females, because he is such a prime male specimen. He has pride and prejudice in equal measure, but they only serve to make him stronger. His only weakness is the woman, and it's not a weakness, but a strength to need like that, to be needed like that. 
What I see burning in their eyes is my ultimate goal.
* * * *
As airshows went, it had been a pretty smooth one so far. No plane crashes, only twenty people down with heat-related illnesses, and no major screw-ups on the part of the military. From a PR standpoint it was a stellar event. 
Arden couldn’t pinpoint why she was so nervous, so twitchy. She’d come back to L.A. three weeks ago, throwing herself into her job with a fervor that made her peers and supervisors more than a little wary. She accepted any job, no matter how mundane, just to keep busy, to keep from thinking. Her workout regimen was becoming the stuff of legends at the local gym, where she pushed herself further, faster, harder. 
If nothing else, she’d learned that you could not run from your own uncertainty. You could tamp it down, shove a few assignments and a good workout on the top of it to keep it from showing it’s ugly head, but it always crept out at the worst possible time, when your defenses were down, your brain quiescent.
It had taken her these three weeks to actually get the courage to call the man, and when she finally had late last night she got his damned answering machine. Still, in taking that first step, she reached a certain level of tranquility. They would just take it as it went and see what happened. She wasn’t sure her heart would survive if she were wrong about him, about them. Then again, nothing risked, nothing gained. She could stay here in her nice, insular world, working her eight-to-five job and dating the occasional nice guy, or she could jump off the top of the cliff and hope like hell the water was deep enough at the bottom.
She flexed her shoulders, a fine trickle of sweat rolling down her spine beneath the short-sleeved blue blouse she wore. The polyester skirt she wore was also uniform, a navy blue that soaked up the heat like a sponge. It was one of those fantastic Los Angeles days, eighty-five sweltering degrees with an ozone alert. Over a hundred thousand people watched the Thunderbirds as they finished their last set of maneuvers, sweeping over the crowd at an appallingly low level as they twisted and turned in an intricate ballet.
Arden turned to gauge the crowd, see if there was anything she could work into her post-show series of articles for the L.A. Times. 
There it was again, that peculiar sensation that swept over her like a chill. It had been there, an itch she couldn’t quite scratch, for the last couple of days. Up until today she’d waved it off as her own cowardice in contacting Bill. Now, knowing that wasn’t the case, she wondered what was making her so nervous. 
Her eyes swept the masses, trying to pinpoint the source of her disquiet. For just a second she thought she saw a familiar face looking back at her, but it couldn’t be. He was back in Mariposa, and she hadn’t seen or heard from him since his mere presence had changed the course of her life. She looked again, hard, but the crowd had shifted, blending the familiar face into the masses. Shrugging, knowing she must be mistaken, she put it out of her mind, concentrating instead on ferreting out anything that would make a good human interest story.

The Seventh Fold

He will come to me tonight, even though it is only Samhain. I have learned too quickly and too well for him to justify waiting until Midsummer. We will be joined when the barrier between the two worlds is the thinnest, the most fragile. How ironic.

Jesus, he’s huge. For an instant her mind reverted back to Samantha, analyzing the situation and her nemesis as he faced her for the first time across the threshold. He was dressed, or actually undressed, in a pair of soft green shorts, naked at the waist and feet. In one hand he held a green ceremonial robe, similar to the white gown she had worn for the past four months. In the other, a washbasin from which fragrant steam arose, smelling faintly of apples. He stepped over the threshold, closing the invisible door behind him with an audible click. With that sound she became Diana again, ready to set their future into motion.
Her soul mate and partner in this venture was handsome, almost perfectly so. He stood at least 6’3” and moved with the grace and confidence of an athlete. His expressive brown eyes looked out of the face of an angel, framed by sun-streaked golden locks. His voice was rich and familiar and soothing. “Hello Diana. You must be tired of wearing white.” He draped the robe over the footboard and set the washbasin on the floor. “Let me help you prepare.”
She went to him, stepping forward with a surety that gladdened him. She was Diana, there was no question. The Goddess reborn. She allowed him to bathe and oil her in the traditional Samhain female scent of apples and dress her in the proper robes of green, then held out her hand to him like a queen. 
He’d taken special steps to make this occasion perfect, from the music to the incense to the peyote-laced papaya juice he’d provided as a late-evening snack. It would be the perfect spiritual experience for both of them. 
Then, as he stood there, staring down at her, gazing at the face of the one true Goddess, it hit him. All of the others had been mere pretenders, women to practice upon until She came. Now she was here. Nothing would stand between them and their quest for perfection. 
Placing a gentle kiss upon her lovely, artistic hand, he stepped to the door, reaching above his head to the heating and air vent placed over the threshold. He clicked a hidden latch and the door nudged open silently. He turned to face her and saw the approval warming her brilliant blue eyes. He would trust her as he had trusted no other, and in doing so, rise to the level of God. 
He stepped to her as the clock down the now visible hallway struck 11:30 and the veil between the living and the dead became gauzy, diaphanous.
Diana glided forward, met him halfway. Only inches separated them, yet neither moved. Sage essence glistened on his muscled chest, the heady, woodsy scent magnifying the air of anticipation, amplifying the sexuality that was building almost visibly, stretching to form an arc between them. 
They began to circle each other, maintaining a living wedge of space between them, winding across the floor in intricate, matched moves that, while never spoken of, echoed feverishly in their minds. Still they danced, weaving a tapestry of mystery and spirituality and pure, raw sex. It was as if each had a synchronized clock within their minds, ticking away the seconds to the optimum moment of release and conception, birth and death.
They broke the spell of the dance together, reaching for the other at the same moment, melding their anointed bodies together in a slick mix of sweat and oil and desire. Their mouths met and began an instant, passionate war, tongues and teeth clashing, vying for supremacy. Diana let him win, turning submissive in her kiss only. Her hands sliced down his powerful body, savoring the curves and indentations of the temple he so carefully kept. She grasped and kneaded his buttocks, feeling his instinctive reaction. His hands tightened in her hair, holding her in a powerful vise as his mouth plundered, took utter possession of hers. His erection swelled, throbbed toward her, blindly seeking her femininity.
She broke their embrace, sliding down his body, running her tongue down the center of his well-defined chest, sweat and oil tingling exotically on the tip of her tongue, the scent of sage burning the fine hairs of her nostrils. Peeling off his silken shorts in one swift movement, she stepped back to savor the utter perfection of his form. He was thick, cut, and obviously ready for her. She walked around him, studying him as an Egyptian queen might survey her newest concubine. Approval and arousal lit her eyes, making them an even deeper blue as she finished her circle and stood before him again.
He was barely contained, she could see it in his eyes, yet they still held to an internal timetable as he reached out, caressing her through the green silk of her robe, standing before her as unselfconscious as Adam in the Garden. His lips curved in an appreciative smile as her nipples hardened at his touch, standing out clearly against the soft, sheer fabric of the gown. He plucked, kneaded, and savored the firm flesh of her breasts, watching her face as it flushed and tiny beads of perspiration began to show on her forehead and at her temples. Still, neither of them moved toward the bed. They stood in front of each other, appreciating their own sensuality and the razor-sharp thrum of anticipation while the plaintive chants of Enya changed to the energized beat of a solo African drummer. 
The shift in tempo charged the air around them, turning it into a living, breathing being. He reached down roughly, lifting the gown over her head in one sharp tug as she stood unresisting. With her standing naked before him he began his own appraisal, running his smooth, silky fingertips over her as he walked his own slow, assessing circle. 
His fingers were here, there, everywhere, turning her whole body to fire. With a groan she awaited the completion of his inspection, knowing that what they were about to consummate was too powerful to simply ascribe to sex or lovemaking. They would shatter the world and create new beings, a modern Adam and Eve.
He completed his leisurely circuit, then stood before her with the world shining in his eyes. “Diana.” He breathed. “I’ve waited so long to find you. Be with me. Let us break the mold. Let us be one with the Goddess.”
Her hand curved up to stroke that firm jaw, that face that had become beloved in such a short amount of time. In her life as Samantha she’d never met another person, man or woman, who could meet her sensuality, her inner demand something beyond sex. Yet through this man, this unnamed man, she not only discovered herself, she discovered someone who could make her every fantasy, both sexual and intellectual, come true. With that in mind she slid her hand down his chest, then clasped his fingers tightly within her own. 
“Let us begin.”
* * * *
Diana left him in the center of the circle of five, a tribute to his foresight. The police would be perplexed and haunted. They would wonder how she had broken their precious cordon, and on this night of all nights. Fools. She’d barely even tapped the Power, already she was a force to be reckoned with. If only he had fully realized his own potential they might have gone forward together to spread The Way. Instead, she would go on alone as the prophet, the new Messiah.

Chapter Twenty-Eight

It was an action that Tobey would regret for many years to come. His little cousin Jimmy had begged him to return to the site where he and his best friend had discovered the body that summer. They’d been out trick-or-treating earlier this evening, and all the adults could talk about was the murders. It was almost a Halloween requirement. It was their ghoulish talk which had inspired Jimmy’s whiny request, and Tobey was everything that was right and good in Jimmy’s eyes, so how could he refuse the kid?
They glided out of the house in the wee hours of the morning, just as the full moon was beginning to slide into the western quadrant of the sky. As they padded down the dirt track the hillsides seemed to move and shift around them with a seething animosity. 
Tatters of police tape danced and slithered noiselessly, each piece glowing with its own inner light, festooning the wooded hillside like macabre Christmas decorations. 
Tobey ducked underneath a low-hanging branch and veered off of the hard-packed clay, venturing into the shoulder-high vegetation. Jimmy followed him closely, throwing wild-eyed glances over his shoulder, wishing now that he hadn’t opened his big fat mouth. It was creepy out here.
Tobey reached a small clearing and turned to Jimmy, bending close to his ear. “Be quiet now. There’s a deputy right up ahead. My dad said they put him out special tonight to keep away the weirdos.” He leaned back, placing a finger over his lips. Jimmy nodded carefully, then looked around, darting glances up ahead and back behind and all around at the same time, trying to see what could be seen. Tobey smiled a little, then turned back into the brush. 
It turned out they needn’t have worried. As they carefully skirted the place where the uniformed deputy was supposed to be keeping watch, they could clearly hear his snores ricocheting between the dry leaves and granite of the hillside. They quickly reached the place where Tobey had discovered Jane Doe.
Looky-loos and crime addicts and the just plain curious had come to see and feel and touch death, to fit their bodies into the ghostly chalk outline that had outlined what was left of Kim Ross. After four months, this last testament to her was smudged and faded, but still clearly announced death in a clarion call. It, like the police tape earlier, seemed to pick up the ghostly radiance of the moon, shimmering with an interior light that went beyond spooky. Tobey turned to Jimmy, ready to tell him this was it, they were done, but the kid had already started sidling back into the thick undergrowth, an enthralled expression on his face. 
“Jimmy.” Tobey whispered fiercely. “Jimmy, get back here. We need to go home now.” But Jimmy was gone. Goddamn ten-year olds, he grumbled inwardly, with the wisdom of his own sixteen years.
He started off into the brush, swiftly chasing after Jimmy, but the kid was nowhere to be found. 
Winding his way through the tangled thicket, he scanned the shoulder-high vegetation, looking for any sign of his errant cousin. What he saw when he entered the next small clearing he would carry with him the rest of his life.
This was no skeleton, laid bare by the elements and bleached by the sun. This man looked so alive that at first Tobey thought it was a stupid Halloween prank. He could just see his pals conspiring with Jimmy to get him up here, then having Jimmy wander away and putting a “body” at his feet. Then he looked at the figure on the ground again and knew it was no prank. 
For one thing, he knew his friends would rather die than lay on the ground naked, even for the mother of all pranks. And the man on the ground was just that, a man. A man with a hell of a hard-on, from what Tobey’s detached mind pulled in. 
He stumbled back, clawing his way through the groping fingers of the bracken, his gorge rising as he pictured the dead man again and again. He lurched around in the maze of underbrush for what seemed like forever and was just ready to start screaming his fool head off, prank or no prank, friends or no friends, when he tripped, literally tripped, over the snoring deputy.
* * * *
It was a circle jerk, pure and simple. Bill had known deep in his bones that things had been too damned quiet for too long. He knew Halloween gave the local nuts a chance to howl, but he’d never imagined that the conclusion to their missing person/kidnapping/murder case would end in quite this manner.
“Goddamn it, I know he’s dead. I saw the body myself, all right? I also saw the goddamned video, all right? What I want to know is how a woman who weighs a buck fifty soaking wet can drive up to a police-cordoned line and lug a 230 pound man fifteen yards into the underbrush without breaking a branch or alerting our deputy. That’s what I really want to know.” He knew he was yelling into the handset of the telephone, but he was past caring about that.
* * * *
The call had come in at three a.m., waking Bill out of a sound sleep. 
He recognized him the second he saw him, even though it had been over a month since they’d worked together on the case. How the hell he had ended up dead without a mark on him and a flaming erection was more than Bill could figure out. His bemused eyes skimmed over the victim and his indisputable hard on, which was not as surprising or amusing as it first appeared. He’d seen the same thing on a heart attack victim back when he was still on Homicide. 
Grainy-eyed and haggard from lack of sleep, he nonetheless slid into investigation mode without a hitch, his brain cataloguing each piece of the scene, picking it apart, turning it in each direction for a closer look, then putting it back together.
Adam Porter. The crime scene he had just helped to analyze. His obvious state of arousal. Not a mark on him.
Remorse and quiet despair washed through Bill in a wave. Turning to Stumpy, he ordered him to contact dispatch and have a deputy sent to the coven. If Porter was dead because he had involved him in this investigation, then Josie could be next. Or even worse, could have already been attacked. Then he told the big deputy to haul ass to Adam Porter’s house, sit tight and touch nothing.
He and Doug Brewster quickly marked the scene, eyeing the uneven ground before them through the powerful but inadequate illumination of their MagLites. What they saw turned Bill’s stomach.
As in each of the other deaths, a complete ritual had been performed, down to the remains of candle wax and the wilted crown of herbs. This case differed in one respect--the granite stone carrying the sign of the sigil was not buried, as it had been in the other cases. It was sitting right next to Porter’s head, the candle still seated in it. It seemed to say, “Here he is, do what you will.”
He pulled Doug aside, squatting on his heels next to his truck. “Can you handle this for now? Until one of the guys gets up here with the kleigs and Whelan with the meat wagon, there’s not much to do but contain this. I’m gonna head over to Porter’s house, see what the story is there. I probably should’ve gone there first, but he’s been here for a good hour at least, maybe even since the shift change when Stumpy came on at one.”
Shaking his head, he headed to the truck, leaving Doug in charge of the new scene and the two hysterical kids who’d stumbled upon yet another body and needed to be questioned. 
Cashing in every single chip he had with Judge Meecham, he headed to Porter’s home, meeting a sleepy clerk from the county court halfway.
The redwood and glass castle that Dr. Adam Porter had called home was situated about ten miles as the crow flies from their original crime scene. Translated into roundabout, rutted roads, his body was at least thirty minutes from home.
He pulled into the generous driveway, noting that for once, Stumpy had followed directions and stayed in his truck. Pulling up next to the deputy’s vehicle, Bill told him to cover the outside of the dwelling while he served the search warrant he’d so recently obtained. Climbing out of the department Explorer, he scanned the hillside the house was built upon, looking for any obvious signs of disturbance. There was nothing to see.
As he walked from his truck, Bill noted that the bottle green Jaguar the doctor often drove in town was still parked in the carport, but the silver Landcruiser he favored in the winter months was missing. 
Paperwork in hand, he ascended the bank of redwood deck stairs to the massive front door, ringing the chimes as he stood, waiting for an answer he was sure would never come. 
Bill slipped a pair of latex gloves out of his windbreaker pocket, protecting both himself and any case they may hope to build. As he slipped the gloves on his hands he had an absurd flashback to an X-Files episode where Mulder had looked at Scully and asked quizzically, “prophylactic?” At the time it had cracked him up. Not so now.
Pushing open the door he called out. “Hello. Hello, anyone home?” No surprise there, he thought.
He began a quick but thorough initial sweep of the house, noting the fine furniture and fripperies that a man could collect if his paycheck supported him. Jesus, he thought as he entered the home theater, there had to be at least fifty grand in equipment in the room. He enviously eyed the state-of-the-art DVD player and VCR sitting side by side. In an enormous glass enclosed built-in cabinet to the right of the video equipment were a mind-boggling number of videotapes. The absolute magnitude of the collection defied description. Bill had never seen anything like it. They were labeled by date only, the six digits written on plain white labels in a crisp, neat hand. The dates spanned back more than a decade. 
Leaving the multimedia room for the moment, the Sheriff continued his search, stopping long enough to answer his cell phone and find out that Whelan had just finished taking his sixth body from the same spot in less than a year and wasn’t very happy about it. Shit, he harrumphed to himself, like this was the way he wanted to spend the wee hours of the morning.
The ground floor was spacious, a palace in all but name, and certainly too ritzy for the likes of a Mariposite, doctor or no. Adam Porter had obviously liked the finer things in life.
Passing a magnificent grandfather clock, he headed down the hallway, bootheels cracking off the parquet flooring like gunshots. He checked each door as he proceeded down the long corridor, noting that the last one in the procession was slightly ajar. Each door offered nothing new, nothing of particular interest. A powder room here, guest suite there.
He caught a whiff of something, an odor he couldn’t quite put his finger on, a compelling combination of fragrance and smoke. Pushing open the last door he stopped dead in his tracks.
It was a nice room, simple really. Too simple for a house like this. His mind automatically dropped into categorization mode, cataloguing each and every item in the room without ever stepping foot inside. His eyes glanced off of the green walls, ceiling, and bedspread. Darted to the massive row of books directly opposite him. Froze on the screen partially hiding the commode and sink. 
There, for God and anyone who knew anything about Wicca to see, was a depiction of the Great Rite. And directly below it, the enigmatic symbol that had haunted his dreams since the first week in July.
He stepped back from the doorway, making a beeline for the front entrance. He stepped through the massive portal, walking a short distance down the deck before pulling open his cell phone and dialing Doug.
“Doug, get your ass over here now.” He blew out a shaky breath. “We’ve got a whole new problem to deal with. Shit, it’s really an old problem. Never mind, just get over here. Who’s there with you? OK, leave Hendricks then. Stumpy’s with me we’re containing the scene here. On your way throw up a roadblock into the Basin. I’m calling Dispatch and getting everyone back out here tonight. We’ll divvy the squadroom up between scenes evenly.”
He disconnected the call, tapping the antenna against his chin as he paced the long porch in front of the house, absently waving Stumpy up from his truck. He knew the next step; he just wasn’t very pleased to be making it. Pulling a card out of his wallet, he took another deep breath.
“Yes, I’d like to speak with or page Special Agent Frank Drebin please. Yes ma'am, I do realize that it’s only eight a.m. Eastern Time. It’s four a.m. here. Please just page him and have him call Sheriff Bill Ashton at this number.” With a sigh he disconnected that call, then started calling his deputies in for their third true crime scene investigation in six months. 
* * * *
"Jesus, I don't believe this," breathed Bill. He and Doug Brewster were watching the last videotape in the sequence. It had still been in the VCR, and had recorded Adam Porter's last moments with high-definition clarity. 
They’d fast-forwarded through the final, sexual moments of his life, then slowed the playback for the last bit of action on the tape.
Samantha Henning, and there was no doubt it was her, stood before the camera, shimmering with a mystical, primal beauty. Adam Porter lay on the bed behind her, dead of who knew what, but obviously dead. From the unearthly, serene shine beaming out of Samantha Henning’s eyes, Bill wasn’t taking any bets that they would figure it out to his satisfaction. You didn’t have to study Wicca very long before you began to wonder about some of the things the covens claimed they could do. Just as that doubt began to ripple through his mind like an undercurrent, Samantha began to move.
She pointed her index finger to the screen depicting the Great Rite and the sigil and began to walk counter-clockwise until she was back where she started, in front of the camera, her circuit of the room complete.
She stood there, majestic in her nakedness, and spoke directly to the lens. 
“The Circle is open but unbroken, the Great Rite complete. The Eight-Fold Path has been traversed. I am Diana. An it harm none, do what ye will.” With that she took a deep breath, closed her eyes for a brief moment, and then opened them. Smiling beatifically, she turned to the recumbent form of Dr. Adam Porter. And picked him up as easily as a child.
* * * *
The pow-wow in session in the rented trailer-turned-conference room was in full swing when Frank Drebin arrived. He was tired and cranky. The Bureau didn’t usually send it’s agents for follow-up like this, but he’d made the request and it had been grudgingly granted. Officials much higher up the food chain than he wanted to see just how royally the small-town department had fucked up.
From what he had read in the documents faxed to D.C. before his departure, Dr. Adam Porter fit his profile perfectly. Unfortunately, for the Mariposa County Sheriff’s Department, he was an upstanding community member and a renowned psychologist to boot.
It would be very interesting to see what had been left behind in addition to the videotapes. Surely a mind that methodical, that egocentric would keep his own private records glorifying the hunt, the kill. And that was what he really wanted to see. What drove a mind like that to do what he had done?
Heads swiveled as he entered the stuffy trailer. Though quite large, it seemed tiny, claustrophobic, with piles of videotapes stacked like little towers of Pisa throughout the room.
Bill Ashton sat at the head of the table, right next to the television and VCR. He looked like shit. He held Drebin’s gaze with shell-shocked, red-rimmed eyes. A smoldering cigarette dangled from his fingers. Drebin didn’t remember him smoking before.
“Agent Drebin, please join us. We were just reviewing what our resident “expert” was videotaping while he was helping us profile his victims.” Bitterness and downright weariness coated his voice, making him sound old and washed-out.
“Here.” He tossed a small leatherette binder at Drebin. “This should interest you. It’s his fucking diary. He not only taped them, but took notes. There’s gotta be a hundred of them over in those boxes. Ten years, ten goddamned years he was doing this.” Bill slumped forward in his chair, his hands hanging loosely between his legs, his shoulders drooping in defeat.
"We all marveled at his amazing insight into Kimmie's mind, the way he could read Samantha so well. Insight my ass."
“Take a good, long look at me sitting here Drebin, because sure as shit I’ll be unemployed tomorrow.” He sat up a little, then drew deep on the cigarette, coughing a little as he exhaled, grimacing as the burning tobacco left a trail of fire down his throat. “I quit smoking these goddamned things years ago, and now, here I am, back on the stick.” Coughing harshly, he crushed the cigarette out in an overflowing ashtray, then turned to fully face Drebin.
“Arden’s on her way up from L.A. to positively ID Samantha. She should be here any time." As a prideful man he should have been angry to see the brotherly, understanding compassion in Drebin's eyes, should have hated the fact that a peer was here to see him when he was at one of the lowest points in his life. But he was too damned tired to be a stupid manly man, so instead he drew on that well of empathy, unconsciously straightening his back. 
Here, at last, was someone who might begin to understand the immense pressure he was under, both internal and external. Drebin had been around the block, had stood at the mantle of leadership before, and Bill was so tired of being everything to everyone in Mariposa County. His deputies looked to him to solve the problems of the world, the community looked to him to keep them safe, the politicians looked to him to keep their communities clean and their reelection chances bright and shiny. And then there was Arden. 
The one person he should have been able to unburden himself to, the first person he'd truly loved since the death of his grandparents was on her way here to confirm the fact that her sister had disappeared once again.
He wasn’t sure what that would do to the edgy, complicated relationship that had evolved over the past few weeks. By maintaining her distance, staying in L.A., he’d been forced to see Arden as she saw herself, to understand her deep-seated fear of being second best yet again. She wasn’t the only one having an identity crisis. Since her abrupt departure in mid-September he’d been forced to go back to his solitary, bachelor’s existence. He’d forgotten how hard it was to sleep alone, to wake up alone. There was nothing on this earth that he would do to hurt Arden, but as seemed to be the norm in this case, karma was against them.

Chapter Twenty-Nine

Drebin's eyes narrowed as he studied the entries on Kimmie Ross. While all of the other women had been randomly selected, it appeared that Kim Ross had been carefully chosen, even cultivated as she began to express her dissatisfaction with life in a small town. Porter's notes didn't make it clear where the two of them had first come into contact, but he'd been drawn to her incandescent youth and vitality from day one.
On Midsummer Eve he sentenced Victoria Rogers to death for her perceived lack of godliness. The next day Kim Ross was his.
From his notes, Kim was the closest he had come to achieving his goals. Drebin still couldn’t quite believe what those goals were. How a well-educated, world traveled man could have embraced such beliefs was beyond him. He knew he was in for an education when he viewed the videotapes, but in themselves Porter’s notes were fascinating reading.
He’d begun his worship as a young man traveling with his parents in the Armed Forces. They’d been stationed at Fort Hood, Texas before the Wiccan religion had undergone its latest resurgence, so his involvement in it had been a closely guarded secret. 
Drebin could easily imagine a young, inexperienced boy going into a sexual culture like that and believing that he had found the keys to heaven. Whatever that coven had taught him, he’d left it to follow women's studies and religion as co-majors at UCLA, then moved onto Johns Hopkins for his Master’s and Doctoral work.
The guy had been incredibly smart, that much was obvious. 
Drebin sat there with brown notebooks scattered across the table like the damage trail from a tornado. And damage had been wrought, in more ways than one.
Ashton had been wrong. Porter had been experimenting with ascending to the next plane for over ten years, more like fifteen. He'd only been videotaping his victims for ten. 
He moved every one or two years when the local crop of potential goddesses began to run dry. Mariposa had been a virtual smorgasbord, with an endless supply of transient females running the Highway 140 corridor to Yosemite on an annual basis. In his mind, sooner or later he would find his goddess. If it hadn't been for Samantha, he could have continued almost indefinitely. His role as a rock-solid community member would have overwhelmed any suspicion.
Drebin wearily massaged the bridge of his nose. This had been a cluster from the get go, and even though there was not a damn thing that anyone could do about it, the blame had fallen squarely on one man, and it wasn't Adam Porter.
He felt sorry for Ashton, knew that the man's career as an elected official was over with the close of this case, or maybe even before that. Even though procedure had been followed to the letter and all the i's dotted and t's crossed, the press was still having a field day. From what he could tell, the county supervisors and mayor weren't exactly planning a parade either.
Most people, especially city dwellers, would never understand the delicate balance of authority that seesawed between the Sheriff’s Department and the County Supervisors. Both held enormous power, but as the sole law enforcement in a county that was larger than several eastern states, the Sheriff was usually on the receiving end of any press, be it good or bad. Sheriffs in towns like this were either elected to one term, then ousted, or stayed in the position until they retired.
Bill Ashton’s career was over simply because, through no fault of his own, he had let that balance of power shift to the Supervisors. As elected officials, they knew when and where to cut their losses. Knowing Ashton, he would wrap this up as quickly as possible, then exit stage left to get on with his life. It saddened him because besides being a good guy, Ashton was a damned good cop. Too good to waste on ranch life in the sticks.
* * * *
“Hello Arden.” The Bill Ashton that greeted her was reserved, keeping a good distance between them when all she wanted to do was walk straight into his arms and make everything good and right again. She’d thought that by getting to know the man over the telephone, by putting him at a distance, that she would get over the craving she had to see him, to touch him. She had been wrong. She'd thought she needed time and distance to put her thoughts, feelings into perspective. Wrong again. What she felt for Bill Ashton hadn't diminished one little bit over the course of forty-five days it had only strengthened her desire and outright need to be with him. The fact that he was the investigating officer in her sister's disappearance had stopped being a factor about twelve hours after she met the man.
And at least once a day she felt guilty about shunting her sister’s disappearance into second place. That lack of loyalty to her sister was totally unlike her, but then again, in reality, Samantha had been missing from her life since she was sixteen years old. With Adam Porter’s help she had come to the realization that when she had begun this quest for her sister, it had been out of familial duty more than anything else. Through those interviews, she felt she’d come to know her sister a little better and maybe even begun to understand the forces that drove a woman like Samantha. Certainly she hadn't liked seeing what her sister had become in the years since they'd seen each other last, but who was she to throw stones? Particularly since her relationship with the Sheriff now took precedence over even Samantha.
She'd carefully considered everything that had happened since that hot day in June when she rolled into Mariposa. While her life had certainly taken some bizarre twists and turns since then, one of the oddest she'd discovered, in retrospect, was that she’d never felt, deep down in her bones, that Samantha was hurt, or really in danger. Sure, they'd never been close in any sense of the word, but she intuitively knew that had harm come to Samantha, somehow she would have known.
And now all of that wondering and soul searching had come full circle. Arden stood in the bullpen area of the Sheriff’s Department, looking at her lover’s standoffish posture and wondering if her own self-protection measures had been too much for him. If the conversations they’d shared in the last forty-five days had been just that, conversations. Not the growth of the real, lasting relationship she'd been hoping, yearning for.
Knowing it was far too late to guard her heart, she stood before him, this time waiting for him to decide how far to take their reunion, oblivious to everything and everyone around them.
Drebin broke the thickened silence, knowing the two of them needed a mediator of some sort, at least to start. As a man born and bred to read people, he could see where the wall between the Sheriff and Arden was coming from, and it wasn’t from the Air Force captain. He wondered if Ashton knew what he was doing.
“Captain Jones.” Arden nodded at the enormous agent, her eyes never leaving Bill’s. “Ma’am?”
Reluctantly, Arden pulled her gaze from the Sheriff’s, feeling the chasm yawn between them, scared to death that she had put it there. “Hello Agent Drebin. What do you need me to do?"
“We’d like you to take a look at a section of videotape and confirm or deny the identity of the woman in the video. What have you been told to this point?”
“Sheriff Ashton just told me that someone very similar to Samantha had surfaced, and could I please come up to ID her. Is there anything I should know before I see this tape?”
“Probably, but I’d like to get your candid reaction.” Drebin answered honestly. “You know your sister better than anyone else. We’d like to get your first impression, so please talk us through it, OK?”
Arden nodded, falling into step behind Drebin, knowing that Bill had remained behind and was now staring at her with an almost uncomfortable intensity. Drebin seated her in the conference room, making her flash back to the last time she’d been in here with Doug Brewster, just six weeks before. The room was just as stuffy and oppressive, just as cliched as a questioning room on any TV crime series. A large television and VCR sat on a rolling cart, the TV tuned to a Fresno station. 
Arden saw herself enter the Sheriff’s Department, Doug Brewster pushing through the crowd of reporters with the finesse of a battering ram. The picture flashed to the midday reporter, who told the world that there had been a break in the Ladykiller case.
Drebin folded his long body into a seat next to her, watching her face as he hit the Play button on the remote.
There was no doubt it was Samantha, and Samantha in her prime. What made her gut clench, though, was not her sister, but the man on the bed behind her. Nausea roiled through her stomach as her mind flashed from point to point to make the obvious connection. 
Keeping her game face on, she turned to the agent. “Porter. It was him?”
Drebin nodded slowly, hitting the Pause button, freezing Samantha in place as she stood before the folding screen with the sigil emblazoned across the front, her finger pointing directly to the arcane marking.
“How? I spent hours with the man, talking about Samantha, her strengths, and her weaknesses. I bared my soul to him! How could someone keep a secret like that, play it off so perfectly while I sat right next to him?” The questions were flying out of her mouth in a horrified jumble, all pretense of poise gone.
“For God’s sake, he was the police’s ‘expert.’ Don’t you people run some kind of background check before you give someone full access to a murder investigation?” Anger and frustration arced off of her like sparks. She knew full well that the department had followed standard procedure, but that didn’t make it any easier to swallow.
The Sheriff spoke from behind her, his voice low and tortured. “Frank, I’ll take it from here. You didn’t have anything to do with this. Thanks.”
Drebin nodded, standing up. When Bill had asked him to perform the initial viewing with Arden, he’d agreed out of personal and professional courtesy. This case had been convoluted from the outset, and the relationship between the Sheriff and Arden only made it more complicated. He just hoped they both made the right choice.
Arden looked at the Sheriff, fury and hopelessness battling for supremacy in her eyes, in the rigid set of her posture. 
The Sheriff walked to the other end of the table, turning off the television as he did so. The careful way he sat told Arden more about what this case had done to him than the clipped, precise words that came out of his mouth.
“Adam Porter killed at least fifteen women over the same amount of years across the country. We can tell that from his notes and the videotapes he left. Samantha would have been his sixteenth. From what we can tell by reading those notes and watching the tapes, he was trying to create a Goddess, someone who could elevate him to the level of God. It looks like he found one.
“The ME says he died from a heart attack, but Adam Porter was in the prime of his life, the prime of his health.”
“Are you telling me you think Samantha did this?" Incredulity raised Arden's voice, gave it an almost hysterical lilt. 
"Jesus Christ Bill, look at her. She’s naked and unarmed. Porter must have outweighed her by at least sixty pounds. Just exactly what are you implying?” Her eyes narrowed as she stared across the battered metal table, her hands claw-like on the sides of the tabletop.
“I’m saying that we both know enough about the Wiccan religion to know that weird things can happen. Regardless, the ME says it was a heart attack, so that’s what it was.” He shrugged, his studied nonchalance showing that he was anything but indifferent. “Has Samantha tried to contact you at all in the last twenty-four hours?”
“Oh yeah,” Arden snapped. “She hopped on her fucking broom and dropped in for a Halloween nightcap. Of course she hasn’t." Irritation bloomed ripe and potent in her voice. "You know I would have called you. Let's stop circling around whatever it is you want. Why don’t you just get to the point?”
“The point is, we want to talk to her, find out what the hell happened here. We can figure out ninety-nine percent of it from his notes and tapes, but that one percent is killing us. We’d just really like to talk to her as soon as possible, okay?” At her nod he pushed up from the table.
“Are you going back to L.A. tonight, or staying here in town?” Weariness, with a dose of abject sadness, laced his words. They dropped out of his mouth like lead weights. 
He could see the look in her eyes, the confusion of being hit hard and fast with too many facts. They didn’t need to complicate matters even more by addressing their relationship, even if all he wanted to do was take her in his arms and absorb the absolute rightness, the comfort and commiseration he knew would be offered.
"I don't know Bill." Arden spoke softly, slowly, looking him straight in the eye. "Where am I staying? I know that things haven’t been very easy for us lately, but up until yesterday I wouldn't even have thought that was a question. Apparently it is now. What I'm not sure of is why."
Bill's back straightened, annoyance forming like a thunderstorm in his eyes. "You're going to make me spell it out, aren't you? You would. You’re a great one for talking. I didn't think, after what we shared, after the things we learned about each other in the past few weeks that you would be this mean, this spiteful, but I guess I was wrong. Again." He was leaning forward over the table, his own anger and frustration thickening the air between them. Arden met him head on.
"Yeah, I think I am going to make you say it. Especially since I have no idea what the hell you're talking about. So, go ahead, spill." Arden pushed back from the table, arms crossed, foot tapping.
"For God's sakes woman, I fed your sister to a serial killer on a silver platter. I gave him everything we had, all of it, and then went as far as to have him collaborate with Josie and you. How do you think that makes me feel? If Samantha hadn't finished him off, how likely do you think it is that Josie would have been his next victim? Or you? Pretty goddamn likely.” He shuddered, pacing his side of the room in furious, choppy steps.
“So now, as of tomorrow, I'm out of a job I love. I've also probably lost the only woman I've ever loved,” he stopped long enough to glare at her, “and Samantha is gone again. And I mean gone, like in ‘poof.’" He paused taking in a breath, the inside of his mouth suddenly dry as a desert.
"How am I supposed to react to all of that Arden, huh?” He raked a hand through his hair viciously, his frustration a tangible thing. “Am I supposed to walk up to you and say, forgive me for putting you in league with a serial killer, so sorry I couldn’t seem to extricate your sister before she offed the creep, now let's pick up where we left off?” He snorted in derision at his own statement.
“I don't think so. And even if we were to try to work it out, to work on an ‘us,’ how long would it be before this whole mess started to become an issue? I’ve invested too much in you, too much in us to watch it go down the shitter. I just can’t do it again. I’d rather be alone." He stopped, looking suspiciously at the smile beginning to cross her face.
"What the hell are you smiling for?" He snapped.
"You've been thinking about this, haven't you?" Arden asked, in a quiet, controlled voice.
"Hell yes I've been thinking about it. I can't stop thinking about it." Bill began to get angry all over again, at himself, at circumstances, at Arden for standing there looking so damned good, so damned right when everything around him was going to hell in a handbasket.
"As someone who over thinks, overanalyzes everything to death, I have four words of advice for you. Stop thinking so much." That slow, lazy smile that had started out small now spread into a full grin.
Bill looked at her as if she were totally insane, but then again, she felt that way. The utter terror that struck her when he started talking about ending them still shivered down her spine. Utter terror that she would never see him again, never again be held in his strong, sure arms, never again feel the comfort and harmony and downright carnality of their lovemaking. She’d be damned if she’d let that go, let him be virtuous. Screw that.
"Stop trying so damned hard to be noble. Take it from me, it isn’t worth it. I’ve been doing it for the last thirty years and I’ve come to realize that nobility only gets you so far, then it gets you screwed. I’ve been doing a lot of thinking lately and I’ve come to a conclusion.” She walked around the edge of the table, removing the last physical barrier between them. “Are you ready to hear this? Well, ready or not, here it comes.
“You need to stop thinking, and just know this. I’ve decided that you and I are going to live a long, hideously frustrating and incredibly happy life together. Because we love each other and because we're just too damned stubborn and pissy to let the world get us down." She stepped to him, putting her hand on his arm, ignoring the fact that he continued to just stand there, still and hard as a statue. 
"Because I’ve finally figured out that for once in my life I deserve to be happy. Don't try to be a martyr here Bill, because I won't be kind or nice when it comes to snapping your out of this.
"I'm sorry, really sorry, about your career, about what that will do to your life. I know how important it is to you and it sucks that this whole boondoggle is going to end it for you. But you've got your ranch and your cats and your pride, and you've got me, good or bad." She grinned crookedly. "Or at least you will in a few years when the Air Force decides to let me go."
"I'm not going to lie to you, what happened here probably will have something to do with the rest of our lives, but goddamn it, it brought us together, and I can't bemoan fate for doing that.” She pushed away from him, putting space between them and her heart in her eyes.
“So, what do you say, L.A. man? Are you gonna take a chance on being happy?"

Initium

Twining her hand in Bill’s, Arden stood on the veranda of the Homestead, a steaming cup of coffee in the other hand, watching the sun come up as her mind roved over the last three years, ten months. Since that Halloween night years ago Arden had been all over the world. She’d been transferred to Travis Air Force Base in northern California to be closer to Bill. Considering what had happened with her sister, the powers that be in the Air Force decided it was probably a strategic move. While there she was promoted to the rank of Major. With that promotion came a deployment for six months to the Middle East as section chief for the Air Force News. 
Those forty-six months had crawled by on tortoise feet, torturing both Arden and Bill until the day had finally arrived. Her retirement ceremony was as low-key as Arden could possibly make it, but Bill had conspired with her peers to send her off in fine military fashion. She’d shed a tear when the Presidential citation was presented to her, commending her on twenty years of dedicated service to her country. Then she and Bill Ashton strapped into the ‘Cuda and drove the three hours to Reno.
Still in her dress blues, she became Arden Henning-Ashton at three-thirty in the afternoon in the Heart of Reno Chapel, with Doug Brewster and Josie Galloway acting as witnesses.
This morning, she’d snuggled into the warmth of her husband’s embrace, listening to the pre-dawn rustlings of her first day of ranch life.
Now, as she stood on the porch, soaking in the utter peace of a perfect sunrise and the love of a good man, she concentrated on an exercise Josie had taught her, and that she'd been practicing for some time. 
Casting her mind free of her body, she went in search of her sister. Instead, Samantha found her. The greetings they exchanged were wordless, conveying only that each was healthy and happy and pleased to see the other. Saying goodbye for the last time, Arden drifted back to herself, turned to her husband, and beamed a smile to put the sunrise to shame. 

The End

####

About the author:  I’m a great believer in Fate.  Yeah, with a capital “F”.  And I write in those terms.  Why?  Probably because my beloved husband said he fell in love with me the first time he saw me.  You might ask if it was a two-way gig…  In a word, uh-uh.  Not that he wasn’t fine to the extreme, but I wasn’t looking for forever, but rather a fun vacation experience.  Yeah, so now we’ve muddled our way through over twenty years of marriage, and I have to admit to his superior intuition on that one!!
So if you’re looking for Alpha heroes who just happen to “know” their life-mate when they see them, don’t be overly surprised.
I write paranormal romance as TL Schaefer and erotic romance as Keira Ramsay.  Why the split personality?  Because I started out as TL Schaefer, and didn’t want to confuse the heck out of the folks who loved that stuff when I went to the “dark side”.
If you like your heroes in uniform (be they cops, firefighters, or military) and your heroines with a bit of quirk, then wing by my website (www.tlschaefer.com) and check out an excerpt or two to whet your whistle!
You can connect with me on Twitter, via Facebook, or heck, the old-fashioned way at terrischaefer@yahoo.com!


